once gpog 4 time ia america engliat yarsion by arid milis i ) ao &cere 4 shadow puppet theater . ( 1933 ) Interior . night . - we geo a transpareat rectangle , like omovies scoresa , and have hear the sound gamelir music . she head title atart to roll , ine tddrupt by weird , translucent figare take shape on the acteen . they ar the ghostly inhaditanta of @ world of shadow , bow and denc - dog in tha lamplight at the whim of @ clever puppetesr , act aut the old story cf fama and savana to the wusic of the ganelin , the chinese band = bella , drum , and a rylo - phoue . there be a few scattered spec - fatora , drowsing to the inilaby and vatoh the twitching puppet through half - close «yas . ericka show through the flaring paint of the wall . at tha back , pink , frescosd buddha hold e bag : - tke floor of the theatar in hia lap like a tray . suddenly , ous of the two side door dead to the alley ewinga open a that send a ripple through the teree - Fe of the band . = invo. view , bang the doer hted thes . ne one pay any at= pameton except a old chinese : quaiy employ in the place , who have just coma down a stairway hide at the back and watch the three man with beady black oyas . one of the cen - pasquale = standa guard by the doar . the other tyva pick a elale aud move down it . that they be uot lock for good esut . they peer at the face in the @adience , dim in the flicker light ... a quick , profassional once - over thet do not hide the violence umer the skin , the biggest and brawnieet - sal ~ atop by one of the drowser and lift the hat from over he sye the see bis face . the drowser open bis eyag - fishy , drugge or drunken eye ~ and try to focus . before he can , sal drop the bat and move on . not the man he 's after . hia buddy = carmine '' be work the back row where the dark be deopest . he come across a man - aud a@ woman whose tongue be entwine like 's couple of snake . his face io hide by hers . car - mine pull they apart and flick @ flame in they eye . the woman be a fade forty end dregse in fade finery . the man = the doy - wear tired hand - ne-downs . he - have not shave lately . carmine givea a grunt of disap - pointment and move on , out the boy want to play the hero for bts lady fair , and he grab car = mine *s arm . carmine stashes bis lighter and from she game pocket p out a long - barrel pistol . the boy let go . he know what - ber look at , and he 's terri - faade '' 5 have inprease aim , carmine turn to yer . she be decidedly vumple , she blouse a wrinkle testinony to impetuous youth . carmine slip the long barrel in among the ruffle , opeus she dlouge , and tease the nipple of ker sloppy breast . she freeze . carmine drop ' the gun down between she leg and under she hike - up skirt . he 's : 'seen better ... still use the «: gun-barrel , he draw the skirt downs . over :. the woman' . knee where it . be= long , and ' poke she gape blouse together . he move off along the '' pow . the. chinese ; lady by the. stair at the back have not miss a trick . she turn slightly towards the stair , and she tiny eye - now - full.of anxiety - run up they to the : top. : there , ona . landing , :a : chinaman , fiftyish and dry as dust , : catch she glance and disappear through a doorway . . : '' scene 2 . - band :end , crouching beside hin , '' ~ - celt bid : hene i a : urgent , wiisper . '' bot noodles do not answer . he opium den above the chinese theater . ( 1933 ) . Interior . for night . the chinaman enter a ‘enoky , low - los ceiling room fitfully light by . a couple of.gas jet and sparsely farnish . with cushion and mat , > ghabby mattress , sway - back cot . ~ downstair be suse : ax front fom the ' place . = hel ®he addict be laid out like '' stiff , asleep with they eye . open and blind . - by razor - sharp bo vision . : a be Old man and young , in tatter . and : ' tux . one of they lie with he — sgatin-stripe trousers unbelt and bis bow tie loose over the front of his-boile shirt . there 's a girl ::.. among then» she beauty ravage . - and : ruin , - she hair in disarray , the 's °°. ee angkéé dragon bamboo . pipe and == bes , : + hold the fume : deep : in - they jane ) we tasted unwilling to let go ... another employee , =a woman , move ; boas among the body , as silent and ay solicitous as a.nurse . she nurture 's the-flames in the oil lamp . that heat the opium , she empty the ash = of the pipe go dead , she nefit , a “e then with bliss . . I ps ' the. ' chinaman come to a young nan a whose 's pipe have slip from he 's .. noodle ... noodle ... do not hear he .. he feel the : pipe again in he hand , grasp it , .° and take a long drag . his glaze eye stare up as he grope beside the bed for a newspaper whose . head - line catch we - eye :. = ) : = bootleggers trapped be , " feds ; three slain . cy ok we hear , sudden and loud , the article start : " rew York City . ag auonynous phone call yesterday tip off federal agent ... " at the bottom of the pace , photograph of the three dead aan take while feo 4 telephone ringing on the other end of the line . hear the sound in he wind 's ear , noodies shake off the fume that clog bis brain and sit up with the startle terror of one suddenly battle back from sleap . ' the china - man pat he as if calaing a baby , . end easaa he back down onto the cot .:: the sound of the telepnone continue : %o echo in hoodle 's head , a ground bag . beneath the scramble image of he dream , like a obsessive and sinister leitmotiv . : hoqodles starea at the bup wick , ef a lamp a& if the. flame contain '' ox consume — he dream . his eye dilate ... and aelt ... iy ony soene 3 @mreet on the outskirt of whew yore CITY . ( 1933 ) '' exterior . Dawa . . fhe flame turn into the glow of a streetlight , grow feeble against '' rainy winter dawn and shimmer ecross the asphalt '' atreet . the scene be drain of eolor , a weak water= - color wash sap , of contrast by the opium . 4 few curioua ornlooker , huddle under umbrella , move aside for a police car , and we see the skeleton of @ asorch truck , over on ita side in the middle of the street , its body riddled with hole . be ~ yond it be a firetruck along with @ few wear police car , one of . which ia also bullet - torz . the char body of the driver hang halfway ont of the open deer of the truék , two more bdé ~ gie , puncture by gun fire , lis a street among shattered whiskey crate and break . ' bottle . the policeman be do what po - licemen do . they superior - just arrive on the acene - give order for the removal of the wreckage and the body . the latter be carry to the side of the road . puddy of blood mark the spot where they e -. that foyer of 4 a the only color dnote a6 mudh and grey ~ the uniform of the cop , the overccat of the crowd , the umbrella , the - char truck . a a tow - truck go to work on the wreek , oz of the cop bend over the tbedy and tag each one with @ mame : patrick goldberg . philip stetm , maximilian bercqvicz . mati 's face look like twice - ground hamburger . a oe the sound continue , the constant , '' surrealistic sound of the it swell for a moment as we dia — sower noodles among the crowd . he tear he eye away fron the aight . of the ravage body and turn aad gove away , sicken at what he 's see . ome of the cop give the dead . wen they first burial , under a vhite sheet , ringing telephone . be ay scene 4 tat moe' speakeasy . ( 1933 ) Interior . night . Bet loose by the opium , noodles 's mind rune free from memory to memory . & little dlack coffin , float in the air , come forward through the darkness , light only by four flick= ering flame . sguddenly a spotlight atrike it , and we see that it rest om & bed of flower borne on tha shoulder of two waiter . it 's a eaka , & chocolate cake , with a rib - - bon of spun sugar that read - '' frohibition . " and sugar champagne bottle at the cornera of ths eoffin serve as candlestick . we're at fat moe 's , one of a mal ~ titude of speakeasy spawn by - the Noble experiment . the decor getch the . pass vogue to per= - fection - black and white everythin @ table , rug , wall , the work '' all calculate to sit off the white satin slink a-la ~ Zarlow of the dane and the black tux aela - cagney of the dude . the move spotlight pick out the glitter and the gleam , a do the little Tiffany lamp on each teble . the boy in the band leave they platform to lead the procession with a funeral march be the arestrong manner . two young blade , patsy and cockeete ( we recognize they from they picture in the paper a the two dead mon stretch oft in the atreet 2 memory ago ) bring up the pear , drag along @ chubby , leu ady ( peggy ) and several | — other gaudy chick , all carry on like the nearest and dearest of tha dear depart . other mourner join inebind thea to form a conga-line eof exuberant grief . to the side and still in the dark stand another young man — max = ' whoae picture we have alse see . pull of life , be smile . as he soakg up the gaiety ! . yy carol stand next to he , @ young . wouan with restless eye . roodles sit at the bar in the senter of the room . ha obvicusly hes something heavy on he mind . the pretty girl who 's vith he —- bye '' look at he anxiously and say something to he . wa do not hear what it ia ; the sound of the place , ere puffle and distort . and aver they ail , loud and clear , ping the someone turn the light on . ' the chocolate coffin naw rest on a table at the other end of the loon , whore fat moh , the young , plump , qweaty manager , start slice . the waiter decapitate the four chempaghet bovtle with machete . mat look across the room towards hoodles and raise he glag in a toast . in reply , ncodles barely moisten he lip . the sound of the @tow louder . suddenly , noodles gete up . eve reach out towards he , hut he 's @vitentally make up hia mind about '. womethe . he stride across the _ pqom thward the office , avoi voice ... laughter ... . music ... telephone . '' ~~ telepeon max , who stand by the coffin and ~~ follow he wita he eye ; cockeie , who try to wave hin over to where be 's now sit with four cuty whose neckline drop below the top of the table ; and patsy , . who give he a wink as he dauce to hig own slow drummer with peogy . - hoodles move quickly , and enter C ) ry 40 . scene 5 he private office of the speakeasy . _ ( 1933 ) Interior . night . . : : oodle close the door behind hin ead lock it , the sound ef the : . seleprone drown the music . boodler goea to the phone , diais , ana piston . qhe chapacter of the ~ rging change ccomem more rea — listic . noodles * tension mount , and for a moment . it leok a though be adght hang up . . . owe ring ...1 two ... teree then ... cw scene 6 police statics . ( 1933 ) Interior . there 's a little aiga on the desk next to the phone ; sergeant ealloran , it say . insistently . ' a hand reach for it ; we see the stripe on the sleeve . buddenly , silence . 14 night . tee phone ring 's cy 12 scene 7 ' abandoved perry boat dock . ( 1933 ) exterior . Dawa . the gasoline slewly rise in one of two glass measure tank . it 's the eshiamer pink of a lively rosé , and bubdle as it risea . ' pee color be now that of the nore mal world . we be no . longer in a dream , but back to the sharp edge of reality . ' it 's sal who slowly work the pump , with the concentration of a guy play @ pinball machine . carmine ~ wuhook the hose and dregs it out . the the edge of a pit in the floor , down about three foot into the can — go . lying in it , tie hand aud foot and , for one reason or another , mncsouscious , be noodles . carmine squeeze the trigger and douse he with gas frpm head to tee . he keep it up until the tank be empty . : oodle stir and twitches and . open bis gummy sye ~ and the first thing he see ia a lightad match . pasquale , the third of this trio of tough , be sit on a crate near the pit , the match in he band . we get a better glimpse of the place where the three bave drive noodles . : tg 'a @ shed build on a pier where once the '' ferty doékei , abland year ago and ideal for bootlesger , who use it as a place to blend they hootch aud service they truck . fhe rotting wood of the wharf aud - the pile that support it groan in protest against the lap wave , ets not far from where noodles ob e-: iights from the opposite shore see to be signal for help . 3 pasquale light . a cigarette , drag on it , blow the match out , and flip it_at ncodles . - it land on hia shoulder and roll off . n00 - dle stare at it as if he expec - ted it to move . he looka annibi - ~ late , but ha 's alert and tense , and he eye be bright beneath the veil of he tousele hair . pasquale noda bello and sey caln - ly , in a thick mafiosa accent , pasquale I , I be pasquale monaldi . he nod to the other . that 's sal . that 's car ~ mine . from Cincinnati , noodles aige they up . then he oay , . oodle tou kuow ny name . pasquale size up noodles in e se light another match and tilt it to keep 4 '' burn - j pasquale yeah , they sold we you be tougn . thay tell we you gold you buddy like juda . but , they tell we , you get ball , you get brain . and you go get you 'self doped up . you : like a baby in ay ye blow out the match and flin + 73 it at foodles , who eye it warily '' and then admit with some ditter - ness , . roodles by power be under a cloud , ( '' '' ' he light encther match . there 's a rustie in the crow . '' pasquale blow gut the match look at hi# pal . they . be staTing at noodles , who manage a smile . - : : 414 pasquale ( almost sweetly ) thon do not work you brain too much . I can hear all thea little wheel go - tick-tick -tick -tick -tick . you try to think tow you gonne get outta there . you be not . you wanna say the hail carmine '' ~ he 's a jaw . pasquale se be juda , no ? de hang himself . carmine - the hail Mary be Catholic . pasqulle so aay the eail mose . then you gonna bura . hoodles ( all of a sudden ) 4 million doliar be go to burn with I . carmine that 's big money . boodles _ tt be the share fund . pasquale that 's why you fuck you fxeiend ? yy ) ce pasquale light another match and look at the other two in Silent consultation . carmine come to bin , dend down , and blow out the mateh . phen be say to sal , while sal hop into the cab of a track and start grop be - hind the seat , carmlve dropa - into the pit and start to cut tae rope that tie noodles . he xeepa up the question , 5 bal ( but in ) what do you mean , waa ? tt be not there no more ? carmite t¢ be not share no gore . oodle . but it could be ... if I ' : @ould fiad I some new partner . . pasquale + tick-tick-tick . that 'a > how. you gonna get cutta ~ there . carmine what the fuck do we tell the combination we do the you ? . boodles I get incinerate . * get hie sone clothes . ; where you keep this _ emda ? - sep cy boodles get up and atart to strip . pasquale intervene from the sideline . / sal climb out of the truck and tess noodles a old pair of _@veralis and a couple of open - to shoe , pasquale continue , he strike a natch . se & the match inte the pit . boontz clothes go up in a blast , 46 soodles under lock and key . carmine where you keep the xey ? hoodles ' give I a guarantee . pasquale eh , no . you get a pardon for you sin . first you light a candle , then maybe you get a pardon . eee and maybe you do not . '' ~~ @ B scene '' - STREET in front of fat moe' ( 1933 ) ovar - the lower blind of the delicatess hang a sign vead in mourning . .& car pull up and stop . the three hithmen get cnt , followad by noodles , who lead then to the side alley , and then up a outaide stairway with a reiling of green caat iron to a little @eor at the top . exterior . 17 Morning . - cy 18 scene 9 the opfice of the speakeasy . ( 1933 ) Interior , Morning , we @aw the back room osarlier , when noodles call the sop . it 's a combine office , gym , - game - room , there 's a desk with a leather chsir behind it , two type of punch bag , muscleestretch , and a pool sable . fat moe be at the table , past - ing a newspaper article into a acrap-dook = the same articla we see in noodles 's hand back in the opium de . ha 's in hia pajamas . . ' he adcothes out the Blue with silent , gloomy concentration , then pick up another newspaper and start to out out another erticie on the sae subject . but he stop as he hear the rumble of a freiget '' elsvator teach he from the speak - easy . ) ae scene 10 MAIN room in the speakeasy . ( 1933 ) intevior . the elevator - big enough for a @rand piano - come to rest , and the door open . noodles get out , follow by the three thug , who old they gun ready im they pocket . taey cross the room . the chair be pile on the table to frea the floor for the clean woman . pat moe heave into view from ths office . he see noodles and he '' eye go wide . the thug ses he end apprehensively stop . noodles .. do not even glance fat moe 'a way ac he explain , " moodiZ he just pour . sheu , as if taste gasoline seein ? withont ask permission , he gee to the bar - make it four , _ aa PAT moe slopa over to the bar , sal adda , sal - doublea . " amd oodle add , to , private stock . moodle ' word alow fat moe for ~ @ second as he round the core wer of the bar . noodles stare at he as if he want to bore hole through tha flab with he aye . 19 Morning . the drink . I could ase one . fat . xy be pant from the voyage , ? at moe ° takea a bottle down from the display shelf , line up the glass , and poura with a levish . = lavish but shaky . the other pick up they glass . the thug be dry , but they wait for noodles to drink first . they ' watoh hin . hoqoodles take he glass and downs it in one gulp . fat moe be watch - ing he anxiously . thea the other three drink , noodles put he glass down and nod to the italian to follow hin , he do not say anything < as he start for the office . carmine nod towards fat moe and sey to sal , carmine stay here . be and pasquaiz follew noodles . scene 11 office in the speakeasy , ( 1933 ) Interior . hmoodles enter the office , with carmine and pasquale close on he heel . he go straight to @ big wardrobe closet and start bunt for something in it . the ether two move in behind hin , - peady for business in cage@ he - try to get suart . noodles squat down to get at the dettom drawer , * the only sound be the tick of the clock on the wail .... not Morning . wee tick ... . tick ... tick ... tick r® scene 12 . . oe speakeasy . ( 1933 ) Interior . Morning . frou behind the bar , fat moe watch sal out of the corner of bis eye , as if wait for what be know be bound to come to pass , . 8al casually reach for the whiskey bottle and pour bim= @elf another drink . he gulp it .down . fa moe hold he breath . another sound accompany it - 23 scene 13 ° office of the spcakeasy . ( 1933 ) Interior . Morning , noodles be paw through the sontent of the bottom drawer . eis forehead be ahiny with sweet , bis face be draw with ' mount tension . at last he hear what he 's be wait for - : the dull thud of a falling body . the clune ofa dropped pistol . ' foodles jump up and whirl around . cakmins be on the floor , he hand tear at he beliy . his gun lie nearby . his eye : dimming out , , pasquale bas not get the strength to draw he gun out of its shoule der holster . he sway and stagger back against the frage of the door , lean against it '' for auppert , . Beyond he , in the speax=asy , sab grab he gut a if stricken with a agonizing beliy -ache , stumble to the door of the john , kick it open , and disappear inside : at 's tiie some tine , ' in the office , geta to pasquale . he reach out with one hand a if the bold hin up , while with the other he grab the gun and , with - out palling it from the heister , deb the barrel into pasquale 's chest . simultaneously , he lean towards the gangster 's face and splatter it with the mickey he 's be hold — aug in he mouta. : cy 24 the shower seem to invigorate pasquale for a moment , and he eye flick open like a doil 's . ma he can feel the pistol poke at he heart ; maybe he oan make out the nasty satise faction on noodles ' face . May - be he geta the picture . maybe nrote . bocodle whisper that immortal vord , . . hoodles . 's mick...tick...tick...tick and pull the trigger . a shoe , pasquale drop like a bucket in the well . but et the same moment , a steel arg snap around nood - tes8 * neck . carmine have col - lect he force and , move like a robot prograume to fill , crush noodles 's wind - pire with hatred and rage . le grab noodles 's wand and smashes it against the doer - jaab , force he to drop the pistol he would pull from pas - quale 's bolster , * they struggle carry then back into the speaxeasy . they fall ine squirming bundle oxta . the bandstand , lenock over inatrucentaras vhey thrash and wrestle . fat moe watch from the bar in blank terror , aware that noodles be get the worst of it , carmine sink he tooth into -hoodle ' earlobe and , srabbing bim again by the throat , bashes he head against a corner of the platforz . ™~ N lf ce 25 Pat moe search desperately for @ weapon . he grab a t-shape . cork - screw and toss it to woodles . it fall just out or . reach , and noodles grope for it . fat moe . go to the door of the office and get pasquale 's gun btep over the body , the heada .for the john , bold the gun in beth bend , fhe john door be open . sal ia on the pot , he pants around he ankle , he pale , agonize face somewhere down on he chest . fat mob 's hand shake as he vaise the gun end shoot shot . bal slither from the crapper to the floor , spout chianti . boodles manage to erab the- sork-screw . he gashes carhina ' 's face open with frantic force , eying back the mesh from big temple to he tooth , carmine howl in pain and fall back , he hand on he face . : drive wad by he wound , he try the escape . he geta up and stage ger past fat moe , who stand no= tionless by the men' rooz door , strength and he courage go , as if all be hold in bis hand be @ Water pistol , : : but noodles make @ break for the effice , - where " he picka '' - up the gan drop . he shoot . from ' : the office door , catch carmine square in the tack just as he fs the elevator door with he loody hand . . then no sound at all . just noodles 's breathe - a he pril a flashy handxerchief from abqual be pocket and dauba he bleed ear . of '' ss ee drop the gun into the pocket ef he bloody overall . - Pat moe come into the office . he go straight to a coat .rack ead get '' bulky raincoat for noodles +o put on over hia tear '' elothes . meanwhile , ncodles have go to ' the big clock on the wall . fat moe come to bim , holding the ceat open . he nod - towards the carnage . : fat moe I will get vid of then . tou better ... get go . py without answer , noodles open the door of the clock . the key for wind it hang - om a hook in plain sight , with another key tie to it , fat mos sound apprehensive as be aeka , you need money ? noodles take down the two : rey and show they to he mis . noodles I get more than I need . the camera zoom in on the key . PAT moe add , nonconzittally , 4 oe , Pat moe . ( Orr ) it 's ail yours ... now . ry ) ' a scene 15 . subway station . ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . noodles turn the smalier ef the two key in the metal door of a locker . he 's in a peel passageway that ' lead to the subway platform . he open the locker door and take that @ heat - up straw suitcase . holding it against he chest , he un dap the catch and open the suitcase just a crack , just enough to look inside . his eyo widen with alarm at what ne see . he open the suitcase all the way and grope through the content with one spastic hand . there 's nothing in it but crumpled paper and old tabloid . he move in 2 daze to a rubbish hargel and drop the suitcase onto it . . yp tune of '' clanging 23 bcene 15 grade crossing on the outskirt of new york . ( 1933/4968 ) exterior . sunset . fhe barrier slowly drop to the bell . Beyond they , we look out across the open countryside . on this aide stand noodles , aning against the garden gate of the last house on the toad . eis eye be red , he face un - shaven , he clothes rumple . he -holida the raincoat to he meck ; the high collar cover he split ear-lobe . from the house come the sound of @ acratchy old Victrola : " you be the cream in ny eoffe ... " the wind vhip at hiz as he turn to lock towards the . house . it ‘'a lath - and - plaster , - with dormer window in a gansard roof , a dusky pink , waru and sony and invite . & truck heave up to the barrier and beliches to a stop ~ a beach hulk of '' truck , ready for tha wrecker , there 's .one nota of . gaiety = a pine : bough stick up over the windstiel a and a bright red ' ribbon read '' neery a it mas and happy 1934 .° . . noodles go to ths cab and stick out he thumb . the trucedriver lowera the window . he 's about noodles 's age , with @ woolen cap pull dewn over he eyss and .a- scarf wrap up to bis chin . oo ~ co} ! . sruckdriver where you head ? hoodies wherever you be go . the truckdriver size he up . ee evidentally pass inspec - tion ; the truckdriver give he a nod , and he climb inte the cab . : we hear the sound of a . approaching train , and it whistle past , block - ing the view , a endless freight train load with ford , eech one just like the next . . the truckdriver say something to noodles adout he ear , but we saa't hear he under the ramtte of thf fassing train , er hoodles ' reply , as he shake rd bead no . the trucedriver take out a hio~flask and a rehief , which he bathea . with booze and hand to noodles . _ noodles wince a he touch it to he ear , the train keep pass ... eosbdut seem athe fond : hodel to . .- serb of '' s0 on siattne sie and turquoise and emerald green . and , as if bridge the year , the title of the film fill the screen : once upon a time in america , the train disappear , the rattle - fade , and the barrier rise but wa be to longer look ' out over the open. countryside . we gee instead .a@ ganyon of cenent high -rise . . . ~ 9 ' ae head the row of car that . face we over the crosa be a 60 chevvy . the driver be in bis sixty too ... sray hair , a goar on he leave ear ... noodles , forty year later , he glance across the track and be surprised to see the 11it - - ¢le pink cottage with its man- - @ard roof , valiantly hold its qwir among tower neighbor and he parking lot that be once its garden . the barrier be not all the way wp when e@ chorus of automobile horn wake noodles out of he revery . in haste to start the car , he waisfire , and the horn grow louder . a couple of cara swing out of line and snarl past hia . he finally get go and pulis iuto the swarm traffic that will take he to the city . y scene 16 ; synagogue . ( 1968 ) exterior . Day . noodles park by the curb and get out of tha car . the first thing he see be 2 tombatone , lift be= fere he by @ crane . the cemetery next to the eynagogue ida be tear up . the sound of pick and shovel mae from behind the kooden fence that ring the site . < a sign announce the stride of progress and the monment of modernity - that will soon take the place of grave and stone and corpse . it 's the street where noodles eer wp , and not all that change y time . the same melting pot ef not 'eredoewells , the aane shab= py , little shop , the same gang of kid up to the same monkey - o5e : hoodles ' gaze soften with the . rostelgia that even the most deselate place of we pest pro-} duce in we when we go back to they again . he lock once nore towards the cemetery , then go the the synagogue and enter . wy suene 17 synagogue ( 1968 ) Interior . Day , pwo people be at they preyer - a man and he ten-year - old son , yaruulkah on they head . noo - ' dees observe they as he slowly move aloog the aisle , remenber= ing bis own boyhood with e paug of aadness . fhe BOX sonse he presence and turna to look at he for a no - ment . then he give he a broad , angelic smile . eia fatefr call he back to business with a jerk ef the arm . the boy cover he face with he hand , but turn '' a %o peek at noodles through he . finger . noodles smile tee , and would probably keep it up , but ha gatches sight of a young man io a@ long bleck coat and a dleck hat leak red braid that - frame he face . he walk the length of the synagogue as if he own the place to put up a poster ennounce the next dnai rith nest . : ®he frown return the noodies 's face as he go to the young man , take a letter from he pocket end turn it over and over in he hand , oodle ercuse I . I get this letter ... about the cedetery . secretary of the synagogue : May I ? he reach out for it . a bit . llingly , noodles hend it to he . the secretary give at a@ quick glance . . 33 ~ secretary thea notice we send about the reinteruent . be not you the late one / ee give noodles a amile and add , come with not , oodle follow he to a sid door . cs ay scene 18 office of the synagogue ( 1968 ) the office be a messy little room full of filing cabineta . the only touch of color be a bright poster advertising ' tereel vith a laden orange txes sgainst a cobalt sky - bee soler photo of golde the secretary give the letter enother look , now that the light be better , and say , the secretary open the drawer ef a filing cabinet and rifle through it , scan the letter at the sane time . ( perhaps we sea a close - up of the letter , with three name underline in red . ) ee take out three carda and read they . fhen , look warprise , he saya , when noodles say nothing , he feele impell to add , Interior . Day . secretary I mean , there be a time limit for this . it 's up . unelaim casket go to the bronx . let I check . just the underline cane ? aqodles tes . secretary Maximilien bércovieg .. Philip . goldbexg ... Patrick stein ... no , they have already be peinterred . out at rivers= - . dal . fhe secretary examine the tetter es if something about 4 '' disturb tin . re show the secretary the en- velope that hold the letter . this prove another cause for irritation . he flip a page or two in @ ' large register , and then give '' noodles a icy look . 35 secretary ( continue ) it 's a lovely conetery . like a wonderful garden . you '' relative ? oodle ne. secretary odd . they be only sup - pese to go to relative . provide we @uld locate they , of course . when do you get this ? roodles about a week ago . secretary very odd . we send they out age ago . might I have you name ? '' oodle ( quietly ) Williams ... Robert williana . _ secretary williama be not one of ous - fare . we do not send you this . '' yp scene 19 . STREET in front of PAT moe' ( 1968 ) exterior , night . a close - of of the letter m in sputtering neon . the camera pan back to be - veal the whole sign : fat woe 's + and , underneath , also in light that flicker and throbs : drink and sand - wiches . a couple of the let - ter ave dark , give we : D ine ad sand icee . gradually the facade of the place come into view . it 's thirty - five year since we saw it last , and time hus teken its terrible toll . the attempt to uodernize the deli be '' diasaster . I now look iike any old cheap aatery in any old owt . - we zoom down to the dingy win~ dow snd through it see fat noe , drop a tray of glassea on the counter . be lock older , fatter , and ss dingy as he window . a couple of customer leave the place . fa ? moe turn away to douse the light . the ghaatiy purple : neon sputter out ; most ef the ts in the bar go out .. . tao , seb Le , _. | fat mob come to the door and flip the sign hang thera . from OPEN to . close . then he ~ goea to a tabla , where the lest ° customer sit over a drink '' a young puerto-rican hustler . - fat moe give he a coy smile and . pour bim another drink , but the smile give way to a look ef irritation as — unheard by we cut in the street — the phone .. ring , 36 '' oe PAT moe look piss off , but . he get up and go to answer . he look on he face be sudden - ly . ous.of stunne amazement . he wipe the instant aweat from he forehead with the back of he sleeve . he nod into the phone a qd -mumble a mumble or two . ' then he put down the phone with - eut beng up and go back to the hustler . he gather up the boy 's coat and hat and , flutter like @ dowager butterfly , be bustles he to the door . the hustler get mad . only when @ couple of bill be press into hia hand , doea he go quietly , fal moe lock the door and go beck to the phone , he drag '' ebair along with bim ; he 's too shaky to stand . fe nod into the phone again , then suddenly stif~ fen and swing towards the window , the. camera soom backwards and dowa to @ phone booth directly across . the street from the eatery - where woodles ig just hang up . 37 rc 8 soene 20 ; . fat moe' ( 1968 ) Interior . wight . fat moe sway , bis head swivel round as he stare into the atreet , he band grop crazily as he try to hang up the phone cwithout look . he ripple with terror . ee get up , turn off the reat of the light , pull down the shade , and glop towards a side door . haifway there , tha sound of . the doorbell eatehe he like a shot . oe 39 scene 21 . alletway entrance to fat moe' ( 1968 ) exterior . night . the batter door squeak open as far as - the security chain will allow , which be enough for pat moe to focus one aye on the alley - one incredulous eye that take in noodles after all this year . bqodles I brovgat back the key to you alock . that 's the pasaword . the door close and open again right away . fat moe sway back to let hoodles in . 4 wat moe 's : lunch room ( 1968 ) Interior . might . hoodles slipve past he with bis a@uitcase and go into the lunch= - reom . he drop the key to the glock «+ and to the locker ~ on a ' table . fat moe follow and move around in front of he to get a sood look , he faca full of he ' feele iag . . fa? moe boodle ... ee fs about to eudrace kin , but noodles duck away and go to the counter . noodles . aren " be , ge to offer PAT moe trot around behind the counter and get a bottle and a glasa which he put down in front of noodles , who help hinself . . . this be not you private stack , now , be it ? 4 smile surface among fat moe 's jowl . roodles drain the glass and the ET hrs he rn not , lo tat moe when do you get back ? hoodles roday . 4 pause . ° . then - . fat moe : > ' how cone ? cw ? noodles stare at he . noodles lock at . he a moment longer , then take out the envelope with the letter and hand it to he , fat moe yeat the address end look blank . noodles sit at a table with bis drink as fat moe read the letter , he takea the latter from fat moe , who starea at he , puzzle . - ha-sbalom . - add not forget you . " noodles they get in touch with I . Pat moe who ? roodles tou do not know ? fat moe mez I do not know nothing * about nobody . fap moe mho 's this Robert Williams ? _oodles . — right here . Far moe '' we wish to inform you that ag @ yesult of the sale of _. the aad ix Israel Cemetery in '' oe '' bot one of this on aebotat of ay , fatter , alav - Rest in peace . ) noodles only mine do not come from the cemetery . ' and '' it say , " dear foodies , _ ewen though you be hide out in the asshole of the vorld , we. find you . " tz 2073 ? '' we it saya " be ready . s78 9 rc cy fat moe nod at the letter as roodles . fold it and put it pack in the envelope . silence , fat moe goas to . wind the clock , still this many qoste : the silence be break y the as PAT moe turn and ask , j he stop , noodles answer . anyway . so : . ue rain he glass and lock suddenly exhaust . he .pick up noodles ' bag and rod for . he to follow . yat moe por what ? roodles that it do not say . PAT koe do you underline the name ? roodles it come like thet . fat moe what do you think it mean ? roodles I think it mean the a - awer ' 's here . that 's why I , come back ; tioking fat moe be not you scared they will ... .- ' oodle they would have do it long ago . they do not send out with se '' get @ bed for I ? fa ? moe bhobody here but fat moe. c® scene 23 a3 fat moe' : live quarter adjoining the lunch room ( 1968 ) Interior . night . anteroom roodles notice the fade up — -holstery , the chip rurni - ture , the sense of neglact and poverty es he follew fat moe to the room eff the deli , PAT moe have open a door and termed on a light . he quickly swivel around to face noodles . fat moe step back to let hoo ] dle inte he sanctum sanctorum , then follow hia in . be locka around the room . we have see sone of the furnish - ies nee ein ~ mae pool glove 's .. ae ove , the goak . there 's also a day - bed , @ card - table , and , in one corner , a huge arnachair with one . foct miss , like a gild and totter throne . every - thing be wear , tear , and sovven with tine . noodles I often wonder if you would take that million dollar . how I know . you be on you ass worss than ever . par moe but I , think you - roodles you shought wrong . the suitcase be empty . Pat moe phen who do ? boodre fhat'e what I be ask ayself for thirty yoar . ry the wall be cover with old , fade photograph . it 's not the strangeness of the stuff that get to noodies but rather the power of suggestion it have over hin , fat hoe notice and say , : fat moe I put everything in here . then , think of the cad mem= - ory it all pust evoke in hocdle , he add , if - it bother you , I will bleep here and you can sleep in ay room . noodles shake bis head . hoodies thanks anyway . gia attention be catch by one ef the photograph - a beauti= - '' ful young girl in a ballet ces — tume , up on she toe , arm fur — ling upwards like the wing of a dragonfly . - what do you hear frog you sister ? fat moe she 's do great , I guesa . I have not geen she foe year . a she do not need I right sa big star ie up - . - Bas on tee noodles smile a bitter smile . . soodles . woy , be that a surprise ? tou ean pick the winner at the start gate - the winner and the loser . who woulda ' pat a penny on I ? fat moe . I would a' put everything I have on you . 2 ce fa ? moe shrug and give a @wkward auile . ie make a Rove to go , as ge heada for the door , fat moe point to the day , eoodles have put he auitease om the table ; he open it , he 's aware of fat noe 's gaze as he hesitates in the door . way . ya ? moe nod and go . noodles turn to the photo - graph = picture of himself and he three buddy , Max , cockeye , and patay , when they - wefe young and hacpy . , . in a open car , on the beaca , at the race and the deg track ... '' 5 oodle you would a lose . fat moe well ... you be beat . noodles yeah . fat moe there 's a clean pillow gage and sheeta ... ready for the big cocasion . noodles — * thanks . fat noe foodle ... noodles that 's we , wat moe ' whatte you be do all this year ? noodles go to bed early . n oy dud again he atudy the picture ef tha young girl in the ballet costume . 4 song from another time come inte he brain ... he turn he back on the photo= as , as if raject they , wiping the imagea from he eye with both hand . and he leave , the room , mn cw bcebe 24 47 raf moe' : lounchroom and JOHN ( 4968 ) Interior , sight . hoodles turn on a light in the lunchroom . tha music of ' be still with bin .. be take a bottle anda glass from the bar and be about to ge . back to he reom , but ine aad he stop , zhea , as if lure and drive by music . he head for a little door at the end of the room . it 's a orumy Little john with dirty tile and , up near the ceiling , & rectangular air vent with a - ‘g@ pate over it . noodles gete up on the pot and stand on tiptoe to lock through . the vent , which be flood , eddly enough , with sunlight . and in that sunlight ... 1 be scene 25 . back room of gelly bar ( 1923 ) ' Interior . eeedance a young girl , the girl we see in the photograph , desorah , the sun flood the room as if the dirt - encrust skylight have just ' be winder , glance off the elutter of broom , mop , and buc= keta , trunk and crate , empty bettle , and , on the wall , pos— tera that have go into retire - ment , advertising lucky strike , moxie and coca cola , and a trip %o Miami Beach . deeorak be a sweet thirteen , sliz and boyish in she leotard and ddallet shoe , dance to play : on a wind - up Victrola with a bear , perch on a crate . she - dance with the angular grace ef the very young , pretend abe do not know she 's be watch from the grate up in a corner of the room near the cei» * Day . the ( } : scene 26 . the jorn in gellt bar ( 1923 ) Interior . Day . deborah 's audience ig a fourteen — ar- old voyeur with musay , dirty and patch , seedy clothes — noodles forty - five yeara ag be 's not tall enough to sse from the seat of the toilet , so he 's ance on a pile of shaky cratea . when he think deborah be look , he duck down out of sight . when there 's no ery of outrage , he 's sure he 's safe end look again . = this time he see ... : scene 27 back rcom of gellt bar ( 1923 ) Interior . Day . ecetha door lead to the lunchroom open . fat moe waddle in . he 's a fatty even at fourteen , and ais * loor length white apron do not hide the fact . sweaty and flustered , be call to he sister , fat moe . deborah ! papa say , for goodnea sake — he point back into the cafe . we can sea it 's pack . deborah do not aiss a step ag she saya , debora Ho . pa? moe ( whine ) we get customer . I can not do everything . deborar try . she stop twirling and go to take off the record . I get ay elocution lesson . par moe stqan out ane shut . the door *: deborah be still conacious of she audiance . teasingly , sha. takea off she . shoe and slip out of she leotard , wiggling she narrow hip as she - put the shoe in a bag . scene 28 the JOHN ( 1923 ) Interior . Day . roodles have turn to stone up there on he perch . ha do not notice the gent who 's coma in to take a leak . he watch deborah wiggle into a dress and go out . scene 29 . . gelly bar ( 1923 ) Interior , Day . Men make up most of the crowd . in the lunchrooa , man with the face and garb of ashkenazic Jews from western Europe . gelly , the father of fat moe and deborih , be at the till , one eye on the customer , the other on the cash . deborah announce , . desora I be go , tateh , the till be near the door to the john . des8orah raise she voice . fat , you better apray the powdereroom . there 's a cockroach in there . year scene 30 . " be jorn ( 1923 ) Interior . Day . deborah 's wisecrack hit noodles dike a open palm . in a rag , he jump down from the crate , right onto the unwary pisser . he ruin the gent 's aim ; the jet bita the wail and he trousers . befor he can collect he though to , noodles dart out of the jobn lik a cockroach . scene 31 : gelly bar ( 1923 ) Interior . Day , hoodles catch sight of deborar on she way out the door and scoot after she . he plougas a path through the customer , almost collide with fat moe as he gerriea 4 tray of ice cream to a table . noodles huris himself through the door end out onto the street qd oe scene 32 35 STREET in front of gelly'a bar ( 1923 ) exterior . Day . " qutside the cafe , noodles run into the gang = patsy , cockete , and dominic . the first two be hoodles ' age ; dominic be only eight , and small , they wear the same uniform ~ ratty , cast= - off clothes , ventilate shoe , ®he three of they be all key wp about something . but noodles sourry away from they and catch up with do - borah at the corner . he grab : she by she long black braid , force she to turn around , _ deborah hold she own in spita of the pain . noodles let go , stunne by this attack but not quit . patsy hoodlea ! doerstc bugsy get a job for we . roodles whe you call a ccck - roach ? deborar so what ere you ? you be : . ilthy , you make I sick , you crawl up toilet wall _ dust like a roach . let : gol noodles , : 2 waka you sick , so how come you . show I you beinie ? we. , deborah drip with scorn deborah : the to @ roach ! she point to a store window . . . go look at yourself . and she hurry off . , ' he ' let she go and turn to look in the window . what he seea be ~ depress : the dirt , the pat — - ches , the hole . there 's no ' doubt about it : a roach . then four roach , a the other three soy join he . '' they see thea scene with deborah and - now ~ leok at noodles with snorta and ... snicgker , . noodles passea it off like a man of the world . noodles she get mad ' cause I would not go with ker , be go back to be head ef the gang . '' 80 what do bugsy want ? farsy por we to buffalo somebody . cockete : who ad a't pay no more , dominic pull a derap of paper '' from he pocket and hand it the to noodles versus - dominic : ae eee ' name and address . noodles glance at thea and aake , 7 .» what 's he offer ? '' - | fney race off . cockete & buck and '' balr . dominic qr we can rol ) a drunk at monkey 's placa . noodles that 's ucre like it . com on . scene 33 intersection . ( 1923 ) exterior . Day . there 's a dig newsstand on the corner , hang with publication and pile round with bale of rewspaper and magazine . the four boy saunter up to it one at a time , as if to read the headline or glance at the breezy photo on the cover of - my the Police gazette , take up . position at the corner of the : stand , they appear to be ab - sorbe in literature , -noodles be the first to move away . the other casually follow he and wander off . the four corner of the atand spout flame all at once . the sealer rush out ; he doesn ! % know where to atart . fhe boy .turn a corner and run like hell . . behind then , the newsstand : burn like a torca . the dealer wring bis hand . people run up to watch . py xx é ~ ww scene 34 monkey' speaksasy ( 1923 ) Interior . Day . it 's a smoky , crowded dive , full of low - class type at the bar end the table , drink pootleg booze serve from large tea pot into cup . we get a pan of tha place from the boy ' point of view . they *re haif -bidden behind a door , scan the customer for the one who 's go to pay they salary . monkey , the owner of the joint , ia with then , a middlewage nan with other ching to do , the bot can not make up they aind ; monkey try to hustle then elong . monezy get a wiggle on . one of the custower have just ' poll out a wallet bulg with bill . noodles point to . noodles - hin. monkey tou nut ? koodles . bugsy say we could take we pisk . monkey . but he be not drunk , _ dominic - of we will wait . monkey ( lose he patience ) be nice kid . Roll that one . -'y he point to a drunk who 's out cold on the table , boodles give he a professional eye and turng hin down . noodles he get nothing to roll . ee drunk it all . '' he catch sight of e little boozer whose belly be drape with a massive gold watch - ohain . hs point he out to . bis friend , and they agree . then he say to monkey , bounce . that one . moneey '' oconl monkey indicate the drune to two of he bouncer , who go to rim and bike he up by he jac - kat dnd the seat 's of he pants . the drunk mumble vaguely but otherwise dog not react , not even when he 's toss out into . the street . monkey nod towards the service entrance , and the four boy - alip quickly out . 6 ) ce atwbisper , = scene 35 . STREET ( 1923 ) exterior . sunset . the drunk acramble to he foot like a puppet whose stringa be twisted and start a zig - zag along the street , help hime self to every available wall and lamp -post . the boy follow he at a diae= tance , 48 tense and silent as eat stalking a robin ... they atop when he dee , and advance when be start up again . then they whip past he into a dark , dead - end alley , the ideal '' bpet for roll a drunk . quietly , noodles give the con= mand to cocksie . '' sqodles you jacket . cockeye slip out of he grubby - like jecket and hold it ready a net to catch robin in . the ' other buddle in the shadow , ready to jump . but euddenly they be face with unvelcome company . the neigh berhood patrolman «© whitey ~- come strolling down the street across the way . dominic see bin first and warn . dominic vartface whitey ! the boy be worried and far - ious . . ) noodles '' hblti whitey stop on the corner + and of g@tands with bis hand behind he back , peer up and down the atreat . he laok like 2 permanent fixture . : 's ) , vey pera to he buddy , . : 62 cockete I tell you we shoulda take the buckefifty . patsy 's stomach growl , patsy fen hot pastrani sendwichea on poppy=seed roil . noodles notice something else : along the street , a big , horse= draw wagon be head they way and towards the drunk . it 'a heape with old , beat - up furniture . noodles . put he brain to work and gauge tha comparative ratas of progress of the drunk asa he tack in the wind , and the wagon . de sbhis - — noodles '' mazel ! the wagon'll bide as from partfacea , get teady ! from one direction the drunk . ets nearer , the wagon from the other . there 's a jewish joman sit mext to the driver on the wagon , and , on top of the heap of fur niture , perch on a old , sway - back armchair , be a boy with a grow of yellow hair , play a serious game of kine of .. the Mountain all by hinseif , - '' ~ -- the convergence of wagon , wine , and whitey be about to take place . - noodles lift one band , resdy with the signal . Zhen - '' . noodles go ! cockeye fan he jacket ; th other crowd in sodiga nis , ° ready for the ambush , yd ce . but the blond boy = it 's max — have he own plan . he swoops down from the wagon like the wolf og the fold , landing bee tween the drune ard the gang ef four . he ignore the boy3 entirely as be smother the dromk with good-sazaritanisnz . he @appert true drunk with a arm around the waist . with surprising strength for a kid he age , max hike the drunk up onto the wagon , then dump uh beside he , put & protective arz around he shoulder , the wagon trundle along , leave noodles and company with they mouth hang open . cockete drape he jacket over bis head and belt binsalf vith the punch he would like to give that big blond brat . _4€ this point , whitey saunter - séross the street ' and give the : ' bot e beady look , the boy look at each other . 63 Max you sick , mister ? wey , miater , you sick ? leame help you , sir . you be not walk too good , what do you want to get blotte for ? come on , up you get whitey what be you kid do bere ? 7 tag patst what be ua kid do here ? noodles what be we do ? we be do the doedy=doo=doe . cockeye put he jacket back ou . cockeye that 's right , whitey . we be do the doody — doo - deo . be there a law against it ? he pulla out a little wooden flute and start up a cheery miniemarch . noodles and patsy link arm like a couple of haofer and aoft-skce down the street , sing , . hoodles and patst deing the doody — doo - doo ! do the doody — doo — deo ! ( hote : the accent be on though first syilable and the last : doing the doody -doo-D00 . ) dominic lingera long enough vo take off he cap and hold it out to whitey . : dominic . spare a dime for esashole whs ce not do nothin’ but the doady=d00 - da0 ! whitey aim a foot at the b0r 's behind , bus dominic sccot away and catohe up with the other . & truck pass , hide the kide for a moment , and when it 's gene , a0 be they . a ®) 7 up . . `s scene 36 : . STREET in front of noodles ' house . ( 1923 ) exterior . even . the truck hork , ate way slowly along the street . hooples jump off the back and parrel up the stair to he house . suddenly we see noodles upside down ; in fact , everything be ide down , 46 be turn at the door and look back . ' we be look at he through the lens of be old camera on & tripod that max have unload from the truck across the street . fhe two boy stop and glare at each other , hal with nonchalant amusement , noodles with vengefud ghallenge . fhon , max effortlessly lift a heavy crate onto he shoulder and go into he new house . noodles disappear through the front door . i '' D scere 37 maliway ad statr in woodles ' house ( 1923 ) Interior . broue . woomles angrily ¢hrawa himself '' the ataic of the aqualid ' vo he life in . be life on the third floor god stop before the door , pull a key from he pocket , tie to a belt loop with a piece of etring . he 's so mad , hia handa be shaking , and he can not get the key in the lock . 60 , with a glam of bis shoulder , he shova the doar oper . yd boene 38 67 hooples ' house . ( 1923 ) Interior . Zven . noodles storus in , shouting , he goea through a little hall ~ into the kitchen , woere he kid brother be asleep on a cot . a cover dish stand on the table . prom the next room , we hear noodles 's father , sing -song he way through evening prayer . hoodles go to the table , sweep the roach aside , and umcover the dish with eager . : . it 'a eupty . noodles hurl himself on he . slesp brother with a tor= rent o. fhe boy be slap awake and start acrean . '' wooples pin he the the cot . ee pound he broth= ? in the belly . hoodles stop . oodle mamah , I be hungry ! noodles ' father ( off ) insult in yiddish brother hol atfeet no ! noodles you eat it , you shtuck ! I 'l ] gake you puke it up ! bo , I do m't do it , I awear the ged . y cb his brotser tell hia who do with a quick glance towards the other room . roodles ' mother have be do the laundry out on the porch , she appear , she hand drip with soap , juat as noodles slan open the door to the next room . woodles ( shout ) who eat ny supper ? deeped ' in @ prayer shawl and phylactery ( tallit and the - fillin ) , noodles ' father . press on with he prayer . patierr ( in yiddish ? ) hear , o Israel , the Lord we God , the Lord be one . roqoodles furiously pick up the refrain , noodles teah , bear , o isreel , about - : the shnorrar who steal he own kid 's food ! Ze slam the door . Zia mother entreat hin , smother stop with the chillul hashem . ( profane God 's name ) . honor you father . woonle he aint no father , tess not have a nickel , do not work , do not even look for work . mother - he 's old , he 's sick . he @id not eat for two day . roodles do he think prayin 's gonna fill he belly ? ~~ he nod towards the other room . he pick up a dog-eare book from the table : Jack London 's " Martin eden . " 2 the light , which have start to flicker , go we . he ' slam out the way he slanm in . 69 ' mother boyeleh , you 'ra a godleag ohiid . hoodies I get my God : money , sheckle , mazuma . I ei not gonna end like he . &° '' moteer I pray -to ged that I can suffer what you get sone to you . rqodles I get a million dollar soue to I , mammeh . for you , and - for he , too . pot a quarter in the slot , will you ? I wanna read , moteer . a quarter ? who 's get a ~ quarter ? 's [ yow get d quarter ? | to bed . hoodles ( angrily ) I *m gonna go read on the pot . 70 scene 39 . sollet iu bqoodles ' house ( 1923 ) Interior . even . noodles be comfortably install on the pot and deep into " Martin eden , '' when he hear a door open aud close out in the corridor , - follow by approach footstep . door and footstep he bend down to pear through the keyhole , an¢ see peggy be he way ~ a girl about bis age , not a rave beauty but fire and full - body . foodles silently undoe the chain and sit back on the pot . he decor open , and peggy stand there look at he . ee do not rise , but be flash he most amile , . scodles : ei , Peggy . feggy be not faze . she look hiz up end down and smile equivocally back . feggy people usually lock the door , noodles look at he crotch . oe do not you like ny kishka ? peggy I see better , hoodies - tou geen lot , peggy skirmish , lead hia. on . . 7. how many you see ? do not tell I , I [ '11 tell you . kone . boodles do not deny it . hea beg , noodles lemme gee yours , peggy oblige . she hike she skirt up above she panty . but when noodles reach for she , she drop the curtain . feggt acs iooksy , no feelsy . - roodles get up aud grab she with ewkward , adolescent pas - gion , he grope she tit . peggy love it but squircm away . rs ha. i. < - hoodles Way not ? you like it . peggy het for free , I do not . bring I aomethe . a charlotte russe with whip -crean , and you can do anything you want . noodles hug she again . . - ote lo - . soodtes pougrrow , [ '1l bring it * to fou tdmorrow , peagyy freea herself from hin . - peggy : teao not give credit . stop @quseze mar or I will pee in ‘my bloomer . that till the mood . hoodles let go . peggt yon go or atay ? she up she skeirvt and drope she undy and sit . bocdle pull he panta up and b bee slazmiag the door with '' agust kick . ®) scene 40 : STREET in front of noodles ' house ( 1923 ) exterior . even . bungry , frustrated , and grim , noodles come out of the house and down onte the sidewalk . across the atreet , max be atill wnload the wagon . ' oodle crosseg and stand in front of he . the chip on he shoulder do not igpreas max . . max what san we do for you ? oodle fhe shikker . mai 's eye widen in angelic benevolence . : Mar who7.. e oh , that poor little shmendrick , could not stand up straight ? I take he ~ home . he 's pro’bly fast asleep by now . I mean , seseper creeper , it 's al ~ peadyaee max coolly take out a gold wateh at the end of a maesive gold chain . s« - buve thirty -four . with a saug suile , he put the . - watch back into he pocket .. then he pick up a enormous erate full of dish and glass= ware , with a glass oil lamp balanced on top . use both band to hold it , he turn to 60..up the stair " so the front door but noodles block he way and help biaself to the watoh . noodles ( consult it ) now it 's sevan thirty - five . - mine fliss . se ' 3 roodles back eway , twirling the watch at the end of its chain , he back one more steo , right into whitey , who neatly arab the twirling watch away from roodles be 211 righteous in - dignationa , " noodles ia stymy , but max , bis face red with thea effort ef helding the box , come to the rescua , whitey givea max a fishy enca ~ ever , tew wary be gesek , and noodles gjumpa in wit 9 % wax ( furious end helplesa ) teu be gonna fly when I wick you ass . noodles fry it snd you will break the lanp . whitey where would you pinch this ? hoodles it 's wine . whitey prove it . ' I give it to hig . whitey where you from ? Mat the brenx . whitey dud whe give it to you ? ) ? oe weitey give a know grin . max be ready with convince detail . ing _ whitey pocket the watch . the patrolman start away . max turn to noodles . suddenly whitey turne back and point a finger at the two boy . he suddenly seea to sink under the weight of the box . xhoodle his grenpa , whitey have hin stop by the precinct . hoodles ref dead . _ mat in wierzbaik , Poland . whitey then he do not need it no more . it 's be requisi - tien . max / req-what ? noodles pinched . sy bim . at seven thirty -siz . . whitey just remember , I get my eye ea you two . max ( under he breath ) I get wy eye on you , tao , I can not hold it ... ( of noodles ) take the lamp off . take it off ... hoodles quickly rescue the leap . & wouan 's voice come from the hallway . , mar 'ss mother ( off ) Max ! mat 's mother come out onto the stoop and see noodles with she lamp in he arma . . whe 's he ? max start past she with the 7 orate . mar my buddy . the word surprise noodles and soften he up . he nesi - tate a second , then pick up the camera on its tripe and , with the lamp under he other apn , - he followa max into the house . bd on scoae '' 4 amusement pare . ( 1923 ) exterior . Day . Zhe five of thea '' roodles , max , patsy , cocgkeye , and donly - @wing up iato the air iu the fhy seat of one of the ride . they grad at each other aud push , they twist together and unwind . aud they howl with laughter , soere 42 . ; STREET ( 1923 ) exterior , even . a foggy evening which filtera the jemp of car and strest= - light . fhe four boy crowd eround mat ag they walk along , admire the flashy imife which he bran - @ish for they envy . they whistle and comment : bois ( whistles ) a honey ! rifty ! hooples . lemme try . noobs flick ' the blade open like a expert , Ze measure it with bis finger , then balance it ou one of then . good balance . Max it 's make in Germany . see ? solingen . domisic look snooty as he bay , . - ws oe = dominic ' its better than bugsy 's . patsy ( to max ) you watch it , if bugsy gee it , he will take it . Max ' so who the hell ig this bugsy ? - domeric ee 's the boss . a sn D '' ey Te prove bis point , max snap ogen the knif and turn on a mar who happen to be pass by . he jab the blade at tke fan 'a belly and force he back against the wall . mii 's faca ig full of tense and violent fury . de beckon the the other . — fhe boy be not sure , for a mu - ment . then noodles throw hin - self at the man , frisk hin - aud take he wallet and chang : oe : cockey be get we job . pagrsy hot just we . he own the whole territory . . noodles I will introduce you tomorrow . t*ll say you be with we . Max hop , you will say you be with I . anyway , I do not work for no bugsy . patsy . then you do not work period . you do not kuow bugsy . max that 's a fuckia " tragedy . I do not like bugsy , I _ do not need bugsy . I work @lene , like it or lump it . come ont _ noodles get iti oy '' mai swivel the knife and cut the man 's belt and the button ef he fly . dominic kneel behind the man , noodles shove , and over he gee , he lega in the air , patsy and cockeye each grab a ieg and pull . in a flash the man '' shoe , pants , and short be off . max beat it ! patsy , cockey , and dominic take off with they loat . noodles wait for Max , the man scramble to he foot , terrify , embarrassed , and helpless . noodles watch in astonishzent ag rag hit the man in the pack ef the neck with the handle of the @ , four vicious , sense= less blow , fhe man slump to the ground , ' fanting , max say , let 's gol and they dash off to join the other , already alnost loat a the fog . od cr @ to scene 43 . STREET in front of gelly ( 1923 ) exterior . sunset . noodles be follow desorah along the street . she walk nmimbly and quickly , she braid in the wind , she ballet shoe fied together and sling over one shoulder , she slim > fadistinct in the fade light . hoodles duck in and out of doorway , keep he distance . bhe kuowa he 's there put pre - tenda she do not @s she walk briskly towards hone . along the sidewalk , merchant be close up they shop and head for the synagogue in they sabddath best . the man have they yarmulkah on . se - veral of thes carry long , robe ~ like tallitiia . the baby be wrap in shawl for the cere=} mony . on bis side of the street , - noodles too meet people all bead in the same direction . suddenly he stop and duck inte a doorway . he see ... «deborah greeting gelly and pal moe , dress for the service and close up the deli . she exchange a few word with they , then selle give ber bis key star towards the synagogue with PAT moe . $ deborah disappear into the alley to let herself in by the side door . noodles cross the atreet and slip into the allay after she , scere 44 : alley gqutside gelet' deli ( 1923 ) exterior . sunset . oodle sidle down the alley toa the door , nervous as a rat , hia heart crowd he adan 's apple . ia eyea co wide when dhe aeea that deborax have leave the door ajar . be vpeus it end slip inside like a burglar . a 83 i scene 45 . idnchrocm in gelly ( 1923 ) ' Interior . sunset . roodiz tiptong into the supty bar . no deborah , she 'a ob - viously go on into the apart= go beyond . snddenly ncodles hear the old Victrola play he move ailently to the john . qy scene 4 % the joen in gelly deli ( 1923 ) hoodles climba up on the pile : ef crate to peer through the greting . he 's just get thing into ' locus when he hear 4 voice behind hia . ee whipa around , the crate give way , and he crash to the floor . deborah can not help laugh . hoodies get ge collect he dignity , and follow debora back into the bar , Interior . sunset . deborae ( off ) get down offa there , roach ! that record be like caster oll . every time I put it en , you gotta go to the dathroon . - scene a7 83 tse lunchroom . ( 1923 ) interier . even . deborah continue on into the hack room , obviously intend fer hin to follow she . but noodles chicken out and ait down on a stool at the odunter . deborah reappear in the doorway and say , noodles fishea in he pocket , pulis out a nickle , slam it en the counter , and say grandly , she 's ask for it , no use talk to people like that , so daborah go back into the other room and stop the Vic - trola , hcodles geta up end go slowly the the door . and look in . bye oa the Black . deborah well ? _ — oodle a cuppa java . deborar we be close . Nice people do not go to diner on the shabbes . they go to the synegogue . noodles so why do not you go ? deborah 's | somebody 's get to keep a there 's a- ttiieve out there , and they eould come right into you house . hoodles - especially if you leave the door open . of S soewe 46 she back room . ( 1923 ) Interior . even . deborar 's wait for he by the gramaphone , dut even now he hesitates . suddenly she say , . deborab tou can pray here just as booed as in the temple . adoshem do not mind . she take down a Bible and sit vant on a crate , . hoodles take a step or two into the room . come over here and sit down . ee do . . she opev the Book to a well - thuak page , and start . to read , look up now ami again at noodles . _ idsten . '' my beloved be white and ruddy . dis skin be a3 the most fine gold , bis cheek be as a bed of spice ... " she lower the sook and look a soodles ' neck . «ee sven though he have not wash he pusé since passe , . over , noodles be tear between desire , and shame , but veZore he can - eheose , deborah continue . . '' his eye be as the eye ef dove , he body be ag bright ivory , he lega be . ( @8 piller of merble ... " she stepa to add a footnote : : . : aeein sock that stink to high heaven . 9 ) then back to the tert : her comment this time ia more bitter than sarcaatia : she be close to bin , intense and willing . he can not hold back . he grab she and kiss she , awkward and impetuous , like all first-timer . buddenly deborah get up . she nod towards the erate in the ceiling . noodles give she a '' stay~ put " gesture and dash out through bar to tha john , 87 . deborah ( continue ) " he be altogether lovabla ees but he will always be a wwonbit punk , so set et never he wy sweaty . a shage ae deborah somebody 's look . a scene 49 . gelley' : the lunceroom ( 1923 ) fhe John door be open ; it 's empty . deborah come to the docr of the back roon . he 's ahout to rejoin desorah when he hear a voice fron / the alley . then , hoodles stop . noodles doea not anawer . noodles hesitatea . he give a mort . he look towards '- the gide door , then et deborax . her veice be full of sarcasa - and challenge . he run out the side door into the alley . - Interior . even . hoodles , phere be not nobody . max ( off ) . noodle ! 4 weistie . boodles it 's mex . deborar be be spying on we . max ( off , louder ) noodle ! deborar ge om home , you mother 's call you . soqodles I better ago what he want . ag scene $ 0 : . alleyway . ( 1923 ) exterior . sunset . noodles find 's max polish a shoe with a piece of newspaper , one foot up on a cast - off. crate . ee lock at he suspiciously . noodles hey ! max barely turn he head and gee on polish . max on noodles move to bin , curious . noodles you be here long ? ~~. . nope. noodles you go inside ? max toss away the newspaper and saya with a snicker , max who would you take kissing / lesson ) frou , & goldfish ? ' hoodles . see red , but max - T see you go in there after that baleboosteh . to. ohange ' the subject , he take eff bis cap and : ehow noodles a fell of biil tuck into the sweatband . iwokte . I unload the stuff . frou last night . pour buck - for the typewriter , six for the silverware . shitsy lip - achitz would not pay any more . we gotta get somebody else . _ ~ we ary noodles atare at hin with a certain dislike . he starte back inside . Max eall out to he , he voice full of excitement . noodles think for a moment that max want he company and feel be should excuse hisself . mad heat up .a little . he gesture towards gelly 's pack door . be start down the alley towards the street , he do not get far . his way be block by the celebrate bugsy , back by teree member of he gang . max ( continue ) you want to divvy up ? woodles ( abruptly ) pomorrow . with the other '' Max ai not you come with I ? noodles . I can not right now , Mary . ma what do you mean , you can not ? there 's nobody around . the house , the store , they be all empty . we get we pick - in 's = and you pick that ? noodles * yeah , . max thanks for tellin’ I , part - mer . go diddile you dingle . cc '' noodles see he and cail to max . max stop . noodles goea to he and whisper , bugsy be still in he teens , but he have the face of a sea - sone con . he smile , he move towards then . his pal shove @ push - cart across the end of the alley like a barricade . . max and noodles look for a way out in the opposite direction , but two more bully emerge . fzom the darimess . woodles make for the door to gelly 's ; mad reach for he knife . they have not get a chance . sugsy 's boy be on top ef they and pin they help= lesa in second . bugsy addresaesa noodles . noodles do not answer . noodles mex ! wait up . bugsy . buugst hew. you do , boy ? I hear you be do for yourselves now . I hear you be do good . . ~ bugsy ghodd at maz ) ai not you gonna introduce we ? thea I will introduce myself . . pardon the glove , he 's wear brass knuckle . he smashes they viciously inte max 's face . then he step aside . and let he . boy take over . - 92 they do a thorough job , with thair knuckle - duster and they spike shoe . noodles have a moment of hope , as he see whitey , the cop , peer ever the pushcart at the end of the allay . but weitey see nothing out of the ordinary , amd mosie along . when noodles and max have have the shit beat out . of they , bugsy call off bis dog . he g@oea to tha 8o0 ys ami poke they like a butcher . he open max 's shirt and find the momey , and peel off a few bill . bugsy just my ususi seventy per cent . , he turn to max , lean heavily on he word . you shoulda stay in the bronx , for you own goad . max look ‘up at he with all the hatred be can muster . : mar teah , for yours too . bugsy honors he with a perso - wal kick in the gut . max double up , bugst give he boy the signal ; they put the .... ppushcart back where it . be and - vanoose . Max and noodles lie there on : the ground , they face bruise and batter . max watch bugsy leave , he eye swollen with pain and hate . _ , £ awoar to God I be gonna ' get he , noodles be all for it , but more cautious . , '' max haul himself up on bis kmee and go to noodles , he manage to get to he leot , then bend down to help noodles . hoodles sit up and shake he head . koodles atruggy to hia foot . he have a idea . 95 noodles he sew up everybody - sven partface whitey , do you no ~ tice ? he 's tough . forget about bin . max tou know - what ay grandpa use to say , over in wiers= omik ? " take big stepa , '' he use to say . " you get there fagter ... and you save on shos leather . " noodles I do not think I can take any step . Max you can not walk ? boodles I do not know . Max I san , I * 11 help you get home . hot like this , my mar would have a fit . maxt mine too . - noodles wait a sec . hoodles atageer over to the back door of gelli 'a . da 's about to pusk ft opan , when he heara the Key turo ino tke lock . he knocka and call out , noodles devoreh ! qpen up } sese St -- gelie '’s DELL ( 41923 ) Interior . even . tesorag stand in the darkoess by the door . her lace be full ef sadness , but she do not amewer and she mouth ia draw and stern . aye " Te take all the self - denial scene 52 . gelly 's ( 4923 ) Interior . Day . wat ? moe be poise behind the counter with the pastry tong , wait for patsy to make up he mind . '' patst 's sweat over it , but at leat points.to the charlotte russe he think be the biggest and the dest . ' parsy thet one , with all the . cream . PAT moe be astound , ue . PAT moe pwenny -fi'cent ! patsy . right . he skap the coin down on the counter . : os for the ten= - cent one she only giva you 4 hand - jod . iocan do that myself . not that one - that one ! fat moe gently lift the zigne russe and offer it to patsy whose ' month be water . fat moe — wiatea ' aouey . that patsy can summon far he to say , patsr wrap it up pretty . '' versus 7 ' 97 - scene 53 7 . stair and hallway in noodles 's house ( 1923 ) ' Interior . Day . patsy clinb the stair towards hoqodles ' front door , the pretty package swinging daintily in one band . he gee past noodles 's and stop at preggr 's , he ring the . and hide the packae bebind he back . peggy's mother open the door and look at he question - . patsy how - do , Peggy hone ? feggy's mots=er she 's take a bath . @ho news make patsy happy . , parst : that 's nice . would you be . . go kind as to tell she I be out here ? peggy's mother nod . ag she - close the door , we get a glimpse of peggy , sit in @ washtub in the kitchen . : peggy gimme another bucket of . water , mar . patsy sit on the stair to the next floor , . the package on he lap . ha looz at it in & friendly way , shen give it a Le . fa be think of other thing , without auch luck . then he notice a little glob of cream leak out from the paper .. he clean it off with hide fine gir : then clean off he ' inger with bis tongue . } for more idle thought , e whistle , but tine 1s hang heavy on he hand . he puff with im= patience . then he widen the @ap in the piece of paper and extract another gob of cream . tummy . : he see he 's spoiled the look of the package , so he undoe 2t to pat tha crean inte shape . more lick . delish . might ag. well take a nibble of the cake , just to be sure peggy ia get the very best , she be , the best he 's ever taste . he look the other way , te-keep the truth from himself , and gulp down the pastry in four big mouthful . the second it 's go , peggt reas she door and step out , esh as a rise , carry & basket of wash . parsy lick @ whipped - crean moustache from he upper lip . patsy search he nemory . peggt what do you want ? patst whe , I ? peggy mama say you be look - for I . patsy oh , yeah ... no ... the eid ware tell I ... peggy what ? patst there will be plenty of tine for shat when I 'o older . ce peggy shrug . then she stepa over he and go up the stair with the laundry . paf St sit for a moment , lose in glean , then he atarta down the ataire , gvear at hiaself , baddenly he stop end look up the stairwell , to where peggt 'a footatepa be die avay . he continusa down again , slower this time . da loose out '' window . he stop . he 'a alt ear . | rs 100 scere 5 % rooftop ( 1923 ) exterior . Day . bi @mong the water tank and the 873 , against a cloudy aky , patsy seea someone jump over frou a neighbor roof . it 's fartface whitey . his sovenent , wear dsvigus than usual , capture patsi ' as interest , whxtet look around and thea dis - appeara behind some sheet hang en the ling . oe tot sceae 55 statewat th sqodles ' house ( 1923 ) intericr . Day . patsy ataras ont of the window as af stricken . then he dagbe up the ataire four at a time and pound en hoodles ' door . - patsr bovdle .. noddlest <. di 7s be dismantle the camera . . ' . whitey dess not yet know how to . take all this . ie pull op he . . ghort and try out a smile . . '' it turn into a grin , then a 402 scene 56 rooftop of noodles ' house with cover clothesline ( 1923 ) exterior . cloudy Day . the negnesius flash , with its accompany '' . ; muffled fop light up the shed , the hang . taundry , and the pale dss and red face of 7 artface whitey , & flock of frighten pigeon fan up and out into the sky . noodles be hold the lamp , max the bulb of he uncle 's eamere . patsy ogle from be ~ hind . : woopiz do - you get it ? mat I do not know . I could not - : tell if it be he face or bis asshole . whitey jump up in terror , leave peggy on she bed of leunéry . he throw himself against a wall , trap by the trousers that ghackle he ankle , Max give he a icy look as - vc see goin ' , fartface . and * om duty too , ehuckle , and finally a bray of laughter . voy x you catch I with my pent gown that time , kiddie , hoodles correct he , , peggy sitz up and laugh . max turn the photographic ppiate over to patsy . whitey make as if to go after bis . but patsy have already disap - jare , whitey realize the oxy be not play game . max looke tough es he go towards whitey . he greb the gold chain and telp himself to the : wateh .- whitey uakea the best of it , hope to get off easy , 403 boodles we catch you with you abmuck up the tochis of & mincr . May put this someplace safe . soran. , whitey hold you horse ! row what be you gonna ; be do with that plate ? noodles ( vyeguely ) depend , what time be it , '' Max ? max it 's time we get we watch back . whitet okeydoke , boy . we be even . max ' the boll we be ! foople . you will be in the old folk heme before that . whitey stop joke . he :does up he pants as max and noodles undo theirs . peggy laughg again . max step aside as noodies go to peggy , who 's still like a loon in the shed , he throw bimseif on peggy . max and whitey be on the other side of the sheet , back oy the city skyline . whitey get right to the point . qei@et protest : max da distract by peggy 'a voice from behind the sheet . vy 104 % whitey what do you want ? max ( a nod towards peggy ) first , you be pay she for use whitey . right you ere . that 's it ? max ( of noodies ) you gq ahead while I tell Ze noodles I can not believe it . it 's wy first time , and a cop be pay for it . a irish sop ! whitey : nqw what ' else will you be want for that plate ? Max ' dq want to fix bugsy once and for all . what do you do for he anyway ? waltey not a bless thing . ' De oe bat not . a groan from noodles . max atifilee a saile and bet tough again with whitey whitey feasea up . hoodles reeppeara at that mo - ment , red in the face and seruffy , battone he pants . caly away by urgent busi - ness , m&x gay to whitey : he disappear behind the : sheet . oodle take over . 405 peggy ( off ) what 's the rush ? take it alow . enjoy . roodles ( off ) gooh ! peggy ( off ) what do I tell you , stupe ? easy come , easy ge . max what do you do for bugsy ? why do he pay you ? feas up . weitex . ; well , maybe I be close a eye now and then . max you be close both eye all - the time . what do you do ? gimme a for instance . give he a for instance . hoodies talk . whitey sometimes when monkey will be get a shipment of hooch , er meybe Sam 's all night coffee , and I know the fed be make the round , I 'l ) mention it to bugsy , awe whitey think for a moment and object . '' max swear from hehind the shea > hoodies blame whitey . - he give we @ shove towards the door to the atiiv , whitey want some 's satisfaction . he look towards max behind the sheet and say with scorn , nogdle slaus the door in he fase . 106 hoqodles next time you do not know end you do not mention . whitey what good be that gonna do you now ? bugsy will get two wouth , three month , then he 's out . hoodles «i. you let we worry about that . max ( of ? ) gevalt already ! peggy ( ofr ) do not get all fartootss ! it happen to the best . max it 's they two talk out there . soodles you be ruin the aood . ° we make we agreement , so scram . whitey that voy 'il never get a voner . 107 then , quiet es a cat , he go and if over on the edge of the zout and light a cigarette . Ana he hoarse frggt 's motherly woic : peggy ( off ) there , you ses ? they all '' ae for Peggy the penear . @eod for Marie , think noodles , be he puff oa he butt . 108 scene 57 : stheet in front of mowksi's place ( 19235 ) Interior . Day . pour cop cara converge on the little alley that lead to the eourt behind moneet 's speakeasy . & peddy wagon bring up the rear , the door slam open . a bunch of '' jump out , armed with billy aus and sledge hammer . with aw . 109 ' scene 58 yard behind monket' speakeasy , ( 1923 ) exterior . Day . we 'rs look down on '' truck that 's be unload . Men carry gas of whiskey in through the back door of honkey 's place . among they be the thug who beat - @p max and noodles , bugsy 's on hand too , supervise . monxey supervise sugsy . then , out of nowhere , the cop appear on the acene and go into ection . they anticipate any and all attempt to escaze , and be - rest everyone in sight , bugsy Seas and monkey include . . other cop go to work with they hammer and bat . they smash : the bottle of booze , flooding the alley . still other ¢0 to it inside the speakeasy . — Max , noodles , and company be stretch aut on a roof ecross the way . they see bugsy foam at the mouth as he and hia teug be shove towards the wait & _ peddy wagon . - mat and noodles jump up ; patsy , cockeye , and dominic lie iow . woodles throw hia hat up in the air , while max let out a sharp whistle which catch bugsy 's ear . max loe | ( whistle ) phen may cell out , I tell you I ghoulda stay in the bronx for you own . good , bugsy ! ) bugsy do not answer , but he eye be like a'snake 's . the ' cop drag he away . CO - and step door close é balt ane bt 4190 scene 59 - . paper plant ( 1929 ) exterior / Interior . Day . look out through the open door of a garage , we see the bridge and the skyline of ewer Manhattan . & car pull in and stop next . . to the vehicle already park . 4 beavy - set man get out : al cafuano , one of the owner of the plant , ee wounta a stairway that lead to the main room , where worker work , surround by hum mar — shinery and huge roll of news ~ print , . 4s he cross the toon , al turn to address a man on a catwalk . above he , apperently the fore } '' man . Al be strangely appreben — _ alive . a . that stuff ready for the Globe ? poreman they be load it . 4l nod in approval . he zoe to @ cupboard build along one 1 , open one of the door , ft ied scene 60 a secret distillery ( 1928 ) Interior , Day . the cupboard door lead to a stairway down to a small room '' fall of the necessary aquip - Rent : still , vat , bottle and labeling machine . this be the real business of the Brothers . capuano : brewing and bottle bootleg booze . & trapdoor in - the middle of the floor opena into the river | which flow into the nearby sea , provide a convenient mean of transport . at the mouent , some men be load a@ motorboat with the '' stuf ? for the gloze '' we hear sen= tion a minute ago . + ab find bis young brother , fred and josnny , iapressive in ebeix dleck , suit and dianond es , wasting they tine with five tip " as he go to they , he call * out : fhe other turn and look at hin . fred chuckle as he shushea he . , brother . mo a e al what the fuck be this ? bah ! we get the big boy from uptown with we today . jorsty - fhey get some bright idea . tell big brother al . he 's the besa . : max ( seriously ) we wat to work for you . ~ noodles . do what bugsy do . " fred be naturally dubious . dominic play up he italian - aceent to show he 's one of the family . 4 % do not like game and he do not like waste time . he bend down to dominic and wave he fist wider the '' boy 's nese . the boy laugh . al address _ they ail , _ may shrug and start to go . pred be akeptical but curious . max stop . . 412 patst only better . max we want the whole terri - tory - exclusive . fred get this ! dominic =. eh , capuano , we da best escort - 2 you ever gonna get , son-ofeaceda - ditch , at - what be you gonna escort , you little pipsqueak ? ese oort you ass outte here , vyagoose . gowwan back to ie. ol . Max . you be the boss . come on , hogdle . we will pedal you dnvention someplace else . fred what invention ? domenic pipe up . dominic get mysterious . patsy be just es eryptic . 113 Mar you sbip you stufr in beata , right ? ab sometimes . 4nd when you get stop by the céast Guard , you . throw everything overboard , fred no , we invite the feda on beard for a drink . dominic you lose - a da whole ship ~ go , capuano . noodles ber ten per cent , we will give it for you . at how ? you get a submarine ? domibnic we get ealt . -fred you get what ? patsy . I and the boy be old salt .- . . boodles the ealt of the sarth . max proa the salt mine . av max point to noodles 's noodle . woodles open he pencil box aud take out a miniature crate tie to a little sack and a piece of cork , the capuanos look blank . noodles tap the sack . he go to a tank of water and : tess the contraption into it . it sink . the cafuanos come over to the tank and look in . fhey still do not get it , ' " @he boy all creas theixr arm . - be ? 14 " cockete but we need three ton ef salt per shipment . - al ( of he brother ) dese kid be cuckoo . fred : what the fuck 's with all '' this salt ? . max ha 's get salt on the brain . ( of noodles ) show hin , you hear of a sand beg ? this be a sait bag . al dominic keep — a you shirt on , gapuanc . : '' hoodles we gotta wait for the salt to dissolve . m = ras 's , 415 scene 61 tower new york bay ( 1924 ) exterior . Dawn . the dawn 's early light pick ont . b&bbone of fog hover over - the broad sweep of the nerging river , par in the distance wink the light of the city . fhe boy be in two rowboate — max aud noodles in one ; patsy , cockeye , @nd dominic in the other . they be anxiously scan the surface of ' the ofl -slick water . cogkeye have hig flute out and Plays a little ete . pore . 4s if summon by the song , a Ted bailoon pop out of the water , past see it first . mo , fatst : : ~ - there 's one ! another appear - yellow . - dominic there 'a another one ! fed , bias , yeiless ene yosee™ ? give a . / _ . shoup of triumph . max and noodles stand up in the , . beat and throw they erna around exch other . the boat 's tip , and : 's ever they go . woodles surface and look for max . the other be haul in the crate as they cone to the surface . hoodies climb back inte the beat and look around for max , ha 's degin to get worried , . . : . foodles Max ! . awe re avawer . now he 's scared . ha dive back into the water , : underwater shot of noodles ag he swim among the garbage and the rise orate - with they balloo . noodles come up for air . he 's terrify . he look around - ahd right into max 's face , as the other hoy lean ever the edge of the boat and give hin a mock look . noodles spit a mouthful of water rignt into he face . 116 noodles max " what would you do without . uo ? 117 ya scene 62 a , . subway station ( 1925 ) Interior . hight . by the open door of & locker we bee @ straw suitcase and five hend join over it in a@ golem pact . > the five boy be bundle up in handsome overcoat , shiny shoe , cap , end fur-line : -' glove . thera 's no place col ~ . _ dey than a gubway station at . . bidnight in winter . the place be desert , the . rumble of train : ie infrequent . _~ '' max steady the suitcase with | . bis free hand and intone : .. mae . from this moment on we : sel . ' establish the share -~ . . fund of the gang . they = . . . _ belong to all of we to - set uo . gether end to none of we seperately . and we so= 1 swear to put in fitty per cent of svery - ' thing we earn . agreed ? : . before the other can answer , - bominic raise he hand , dominic hold it . I atill do not . Bet why we be do this . expense . coceeye like , we be gonna need a gar , fou dumb dage . hoodles move . the question . wi B sven domtitc join in : . wax start to stash the suit - cese in the locker , but domi - ric stop hin . . mai open the suitcase , and dominic and the other look '' there 's already a tidy haul in there . . domenic sigh , . max close ' the suitcase , put it into the locker , and lock the door . dangle the key 's in frant of the other , wy pocket the ' key and ‘off theygo ; up the stagrg : of he subway station to tune of cockeye 's agreed , 118 rooples agreed ? 4 five agreed . dominic - T wann take another peak . ' beautiful ! ahi hide it ! max this we give to fat moa . but we do not say what it 's for , and he give it back only when we be all together . agreed ? all four — mini -march . — =| ' aad he die , ' bugsy stand in the middie of 119 scene 63 . mew york STREET ( 1925 ) exterior . ight . the five boy cone up out of the subway happy as lark , : ®he winter wind whipa at they coat and carry the tune of gockete's MARCH . away with it . to keep warm , dominic be do a tapedance that quickly car - oo . ry he some distance ahead '' ef bis pal . : ee turn a corner and alnost at once reappear , still dance dut frantic and out of rhythn . : then break into '' run . . - bominic bugsy 's ' come ! run ! ~ a souple of seot Bing out . the boy run for cover . noodles drop bebind e park car . he see dominic slide like a skater across five or six yard of icy pavement and fall beside the car . ee look at noodles and , " ' aaz and apologetic at the - eave tine , aay , T slip . the street , a smoking pistol ia he hand , see no one , . he takeg a couple of step . noodles shoot out like a.cat , he knife open and ready . ' bugsy shoot . wy - and miss . roodles be at he , hie abiv open end ready . he vane it into bugsy 'sa gut and pull at upwards . then he stab ' rin again , mad with grief and ' max bas geen it all from he bide - placea , and now run forward to help bis friend . but he stop for a second es tvo mounted policemen appear en the scene . qne of then kite noodles a glance biow with he club . max start forward again . one of the policemen be on blindly with hia knife and atab he in the heart . the. other policeman seize the boy from behind and bashes hia savagely over the head . frogan , mai see noodles slump under the blow . the bleody shiv fall from he 120 hoodles : ( sweeara and insult in yiddish ) i scene 64 . STREET before a repormatory ( 4925 ) Zt 'a a huge , grey baildio surround by a igh meta . fance and stand ia soli - tary isolation in ths open countryside , guard be post by the gate . across the atreast , huddle together lika little lose sheep , ere mai , patsy , fat moe , amt cockete . they wateh the paddy wagon dtaw ' ap to the gate and svop . 121 exterior . dey. scehe 6&5 padd ? wagoh ( 1925 } Interior . wooule sit in bandcusfa iuside tha vagon , between two armed guakd , 122 Day . ae 123 STREET owiside the repormatory ( 41925 ) exterior , Day . & guard start to open the pike ae kay dart away from @ friend and scraable up . omte the back of the paddy wagon , grabbing the bar on the window , he haul himself up to look inside , hie yoice bresk a he calla out , Max nocdle ! 1a scere 67 . paddy wa goe ( 1925 ) Interior . Day . boobles hear and see mak at the window . ea jump up the ¢oor . his voice ia juat 6 g uraur , 7 ) 4125 SCE 68 sereel outside the reformatorit ( 1925 ) exterior . jay . au the peddy start fare ward , tro guard srab Max and yank ais down . wet strsabe ageinst they , call out he furious , despair goodbye . mar koodle ... noodiese .. a | «awe scene 69 paddy wagcn ( 1925 ) Interior . bay . ncodles stare out at bis friend , stand elone now iu the middle of the street . fear stream dow he face ag the gate of the priscu close detween then , 426 - D be 127 scene 70 . outside * he reformatory ( 1925 ) exterior , Day . we see max through noodles 's eye , grow smaller a the peddy wagon drive away . it be this image of freedom , - fraternity , end friendship that noodles carry with he for tha next siz yeara . 128 scene 71 . he riversdale cemetery . ( 1968 ) exterior . Day . '' you man will fall by the sword , you beroe in the fight . " isaiah , 3:25 . a atar of David ahine over the bright brass letter of the in - geriptiog abové the entrance to the tomb . noodles stand on the manicure lawn of the cemetery . he read the inscription and then examine the mausoleum , a grey granite semple in the egyptian manner . it 'a surround by sarud in bloom end tower tree too atately to be troubled by a obstreperous breeze , full of shade and flower . a gardener have cous with noodles the the tomb , a old man with wnite hair end the vivid coloring of '' a man who work outdoors . de seem to know what noodles want . gardener tou want to go in ? - boodles nod . . a tou a relative ? noodles shake he head no . the gardener have doubt . - ° '' oe '. in that case , I aintt : . auppose to ... noodles reach for he waliet . . noodles but you will . the gardener look away , go 's meet to sea what hig right hand be doiug . he pocket the money -. and unlock the tomb , with a ued to noodles to enter . oe ( re. close ; the door to stop the 129 scene 72 . mausoleum ( 1968 ) Interior . Day . hoodles give the door a hesi-= tant push and at once hear , Music ~~ music he have not hear ia year , fill the tomb : cock - eye 's music on the flute , the anthem of the little gang . noodles look up and see the two loudsapeakera in the ceiling . ee slose the door , and the music stop . when he open it again , the . * Music start up again . a alarm systen . the wall of the tomb ara lace with grey porohyry as shiny as 4 mirrer , bare and yet elegan , ornament only with three name and threa date in bronze : . maximilian bercovicz 19081933 patrick goldberg 1909+1933 philip stziv 1909-1935 nocdle move into the tomb , draw by the name and disturb by the music . his sense of uneasinesa décome more than he can bear , and music . ; ' music stop . ag he do ao , he gaze light on a little tablet set into a side wall of the tomb and tuck out of the way , like an’ after - ~ think . it read : . erected 10 there everlasting memory by there friend and brother david aaronson - " noodle . " 1967 . a - she step towards hia , a ele - 130 White with alarm , noodles stare at the plaque , read it over over again , move nothing but he eye , ®he sing of the bied outside be mingle with a strange . clineing SOUND neer at band , like @ single wind chime . hoodles look closer st the in - ' etiption and see a little key ing from the D in noodles and rattling in the breeze that pess through the tomb oy way of veat in the side walis . noodles take the key , but before he can examine it , tha music start up again . someone have . renee the door , flooding the ttle room with light . woodles turn and see a woman outline against the sunlit door . woman can I be of any service to you ? I be the diractor of riversdale . go woman , middle - age , suave= ay polite , like the salesilady ie @ bigh - class jewelry store . soodles have the sensation of have be catch in the act . hoodles I come in to taka @ look . I have never see a tomb | like this . ®he woman smile . : woman _ we prefer to call they '' haven . '' we find it more comforting , C woome turn to the inscription . the woman noda and look hin over . fakea by surprise , noodles give & vague nod of assent , : noodles nod . it 's @ courtesy and , at the sata time , a order , as the woman show noodles out , 4a * noodles '' erected to they everlaat - ing memory by they friend and brother David aaronson ~ noodle - 1967 , it be gust build . womar you know Mr. aaronson ? I do not believe I know you name . noodles Williams , Robert Williams . woman the gardener let you in ? some of we people must think they be work at disneyland . hoodles it be my fault . woman interest like yours be a '' gomplinent , nr. willian . ox Zou. scene 73 she cemetery ( 1968 ) exterior . ds they come out of the tomb and the woman lock ths door behind they , noodles notice a linousine park not far away , its sleek , black elegance catch the fu~ wereal atmosphere to perfection . its window be cint , its occupant hide from sight . the woman catch noodles ' attention again . hoodles nod in agreement . . boodles look et the sphinxes - that flank the step . look up , she read it , noodles interrupt . dlanche . 132 dey . woman I find this haven as levely within as without , do not you , Mr , Williams ? with they cult of death , the ancient egyptian ex - prsace they feel for noodles waa this Mr , datonsan 's idea ? woman actually , mz. aaronson dete the whole thing up to ecewe have carte '' all ‘he auggest - ' vas the inscription . '' you man will fall by the aeerd , you - * noodles what about the music ? wag i$ bis idea tac ? 's ee snile . ' hoodles turh to lock at the limousine agein ag the woman continue . the limousine start forward . she point the a old gan who ia stretch out on a chaise longue under '' white umbrella , 's epade a book . noodles barely nod , with a sensation of be watch , he start towards the lino , but the car speed up and turn off fato 2 side avenue . noodies note the license number and jote it down a a slip of paper . as he take he hand out of he pocket , he find the little key in it = the key to @¢ lockar in a subway station , 133 woman '' you heroes in the fight . " . me. asronson send we a tape . you_seem to know he very well . when you see hin , I hope you will tell he how much you like what we have try to do here . oodle I will , but I have baen away . I have lose he address ; I be wonder if you ... tou mst have send he a dill or something . woman the bank handle it . a foreign bank . I wish I could be of more assistance , my , Williams , have you ever consider building you own haven , Mr. Williams ? many be do it nowadays . think about it , Mr. wil - 805 . . np th scene 74 . ' subway station ( 1968 ) Interior . Day . it 's the game subway station where the boy hide they first take , not change much in spite of the new reon and the poster warning against violence and drug . roodles insert the key in a lock and open the door of the : locket . Inside he find a old strav suitcase . there 's no one around , n0 sound but the . ae rushing of train , souetine far away , sometimes near . noodles open the suitcase . the content be arrange in meat little bundle , carefully stack and divide and bound , fi. the suitcase to the rim . Gas of the paper band haa a pype message on it : jee payment for you next . that 's all it say , 135 scene 75 STREET above the subway station ( 1968 ) exterior . sunset . the set sun tints the street a dark red . noodles look warily around , above nin rise the pier of the elevate train , turn the street into a forest ~ a per= ' foct spot for a mugging , especially when tha victin ts carry a ail ? lion dollar in a old suitcase . hwoodles start walk . . he 's gete ting nore and more nervous . his finger be glue to the handle of the suitcase . behind bim , the air suddenly : vibrate and whistle . he turn , ready for anything . a black disk sing through the air , faster than a speed dullet . noodles duck , the frisbee , launch by a unseen band and more frightenizg in its glow suddenness than any real anger , skim ncodles 's head and fly on . a hand reech cut of nowhere aad - grab at it . iy 136 scene 76 STREET in front of & prison ( 1931 ) exterior . sunset . 4 hand grab the suitcase - max 's hand , it 'a June , 1937 . noodles ie free , after six year of refornatory and prison . wai be a big boy now , flashily dress and chomping on a firty - cent cigar . ee doff hia hat with nock ser vility and say , Mar lemme kelp you , boss . you carriage await . ' he lead the slack ~ jaw hoodles to the carriage - a bajestic black hearse . . . roodles mex ! he collect he wit , run : after max , and grab he by the arm . max turn and burste .out laugh . the two friend lock at each other , embarrassed by they own atrength of feel . Mar how be you , noodle ? you be look good . ' roodles yéu 'nre lopk better . max spin around to shew he self off , half nodel , half clown . fe tossea away kis helf ~ smoke cigar lize a big - shot . noodles stop by the hearse , nonpluss by the open cof ] fin he see frame by the black velvet curtain of the window . ) m&x toss noodles 's bag beside the driver 's seat . he point to the write on ' the hearse : bercovicz and Co. before noodles can coument , max throw open the rear door to tbe hearse . : he climb inside and beckon noodles to follow . be poin to the coffin ; the eccupant be a beautiful girl , cover up to the chin by a purple sheet . 137 * roodles classy carriage . may we ow the company . it 's en ideal dubok . noodles dubok ? Max cover . hoodles my mar write I you would take wp body - anatch . and about everything you have do for they . max forget it . it 's you oazun I get it all down in black — and white . you be the Co. you and patsy and cockeye , body -= matcher one and all . - we get a little snatchin ' to do right now . Business be - fore pleasure . 4 fuckin’ tragedy . cy 138 mix nineteen year old . ee pull the sheet away , be ~ vealing a perfect little body , noodles gulp . hoodles & stunner of a stirf , -max sigh and shakea he head . Mar 8tiff be right . overdosa of stimulant , the girl open she eye and peaches for noodles 's cretch . girl : you be kinda stiff yourself . max giggle and jump down from the hearse . : go ahead , noodle , p a uttle ire into bes . rou . be not timy pansy , naye you ? no fear of that , as noodles rip off he clothes and throw himself on the girl * even before the door 4s shut . max laugh and get into the driver 's seat . a little many have stop to stare . he can see a tangle of writhe limd squirming around Zu the coffin , through the open gurvain of the window . . max explain , Max we put moxie in the enbeln - ing fluid . tell you friend . and he drive off , leave the man gape like a looney . ' scene 77 STREET in front of PAT moe' ( 1931 ) exterior . by the time the hearse pull up in front of Pat moe 's , with ite modernize fagade , it 's night . max een the rear door and help the & out . she have be ree duce to a quivering wreck and spéak in 2 tiny little voice . girl do not worry . be not . she tetter away down the side — welk . Max calla after she , . max 139 night . pansy ke hey , do not you want a shot of something ? @irl no thanks , I be full . noodles get out of the hearse , tidy himself up with a poce ket comb and beam , - he 'a strike . with the fancy look of the old deli , with shiny win - dow and the sigu read " fat mée 'a " even though the place be pitch dark . hoodles Jesus ! max we call it fat moe 's , but it belong to we . froa fe we take over lly a year ago . it 's '' elose on account of the bhabbes . wait till you see it = all do over = the gute ! come on . ®hey start towards the - side alley . ( yy boodles uctice lot of faocy gara park alome the street . 4 taxi pull up , and a flashy couple get out in evening elethas . other sisilarly - dreage mre come and go in the alley . max keagp uuz . he node towards the cafe . hs go into the alisy vith noodles behind hin , 140 |. oodle what 's thia , a welcome ~ beowe party 7 max who the fuck renember you ? besidea ae , but I 's a asshole . — e get soaething I want you the see. ry ) scese 78 alley ( 1931 ) exterior , , fight . mai ia at the back docr . bax start up the fire escape ts the upper door . ngodles fallow bin ead alaost collide with three gent in tux who ere come down . 494 hoodles where ? m a where they be open on the shabbea , scene 79 PAT moe' ( 4971 ) Interior . the doora of the freight ele - vator open , aud noodles be @reeted with a blare of music , voice , light , color , and - glass in what be once the back room of gelly 's deli . he triea to take it all in - all the beautiful people laugh and drink and dance , the table arrange on - level sloping down to the circular bar in the middle , and the jazz quartet play max enjoy he pal 's reaction , then say , noodles amile . on cue , the two of they plough through the crowd and throw they arm around noodles . patsy break free and aay , while cockeie take advantage of a orchestra break aud play the patsy go to a radiator by the wall , tend dy a waiter with a teble full '' of tea cup next to he , patsy take four and fill they with whiskey from she valva ef the radiator , pass they to . the waiter once they be fill . _ . patay ! 142 night . pop tune of the period . max this be fat : moa‘ 's the way it should be . we get chic . hoodles petsy ? cockeye ? cockeya ! parsy how " bout a toast , for chrissake ! mini -march , _! then he deliver the cup to roodles and the other . he give a wink . moodee ' business sense be eoming back to he . he sip and aska , the band strike up again and &@ weep whale beach itself on noodles . fat moe try to hold in the tear and smile . boodles turn to patsy and cockeye as well . . cockete point to . mal , max lsugh . '' noodles give nim the finger . 143 patsy angua mctavish 's central heating ! cockete five buck a sncotfull . - roodles '' how much be we pay ? Max half a buck include over - _ head . hoodles mee ! . fat moe ! - you could not come aad get I , you bunch of shtunk ! he 's the shtunki patsr ha gaid you be not get eat till Monday . Mar you can go next time . | pink and white redrhead fatty glue she mouth to noodles ' and suck he - breath away . then she say , noodles savor the taste . he snap he finger . peggy howl . at two - forty , she 's prettier than ever . hoodles look she over . another howl . patsy open he arm . be of seer ? peggy arougd the flank no try to lift she . no go . ee ' preténd to pasé out .- everyone he start throug the crowd , beckoningthe other to fol - low bia . . 19 % peggt guess whe . noodles fhe fliavor 's familiar . Charlotte russe with whipped crean . tot of then ! peer Z do nor do it no more for sendy , I work in a high class house . I get pay by the pound . patst and she 's worth every penny , my red hot mamal laugh . Max okay , you have geen you old pal , now come weet some rew one . . 034 fhe boy start 'after he , but fat moe stop noodles and point out a girl to he : white skin , black hair , blue eye : deborah . the other three stop to wait for noodles . ' max look annoyed and go to the bar . fat moe oozee towards the orchestra . mwoodle and debora just look at each other . desorah srile , happy to be admire ; noodles do not know what to say . the music stop for a second , then start up again with deborah lose she cool for a second and , like noodles look atthe band - and at fat moe , whe smilea back at they like a little devil . hcoples look hopeful . she leta he hope for a moment , — then say , 445 deborah be not you go to say hello ? hoodles beborah . noodles you brother 's a real buddy . deborar he 'a erazy . '' woodles . " Max the i2 you I be get out today ? ' debora '' Max ? no. you remember . y a hoodles try to make a joke of he disappointment . she glance over at max , woose inpatiance be obvious . noodles sound a little rueful . deborah still have to think before she allow herself a wear smile . 146 deborat : moe tell I . good old mees. hoodles you mean you be not count | the day ? deborah of course I be . four thou= - sand two hundred and nine - teen , four thousand two hune dved and sighteen ... I lose count somewhere around three thousand . can you blame I ? all that year , noodle . what a waste . noodles look , it be not my decision . deborar yea , it wage . it still be . noodles anyway , you come to welcone I back " ' deborah not really . I atill live here - I #ag getving ready os out , and moe gaid I bou at least come ard say halle , hoodles do he bave to bend you arn ? of oo hoodles look at she without bay anything . max butt in from the ber : noodles ignore hin . sus smile . he laugh . Max be gatting nervous . deborah nod towards bin and s878 , a8 she use the , then , soften a dit , 147 deborab ho. welcome back , noodle . Max boodlesi hoodies still dance ? derorat I have go on the stage , a they aay . I be at the Royal , every night at eight - thirty . I be a little better than when I use to dance here among the mop and the emptiss . you can come and spy on I one night , if you like . ncodles bvery night . Max ( Orr ) noodle ! deborae go 's on home , you mother 's call you . 80 long , noodle . it 's swell to see you again . roodles my pleasure . as deborah leavea . boodles go to join max , who look pisa off and , in sileuce , lead bim and patsy and cockete across the room to a door mark '' private . '' 188 c sozne 60 189 pa? moe' : the office ( 1931 ) Interior . night . the affice be a will first see 4t , with ite athletic squip= ment and its business furni - maz head for the rack of bil - liard cue , touch it in a certain way , and open a door inte the delicatess and res= saurant . he mest fat moe , on hia way into the speakeasy with '' a eupty tray . with a nod towards ths deli , max ask quistly , fat moe nada . Za stepa aside to let may and the other pasa . ° Mar you serve the wina ? Pat moe lago red - tha best ! 150 sgere 61 fat moe' : the deli . ( 1931 ) Interior , night . the recom , which will see earlier from outside , be dinly light . some illunination filter in from the street , and a single overhead lamp pick out a table where two men sit and eat . the boy see they as they enter the room from the door behind the cigarette counter . one of thea be a elideriy man , well - dress and mannerly . the other be a slod . at the end of the room , in the shadow , stand two group of man — evidentally bodyzguaris - still and silent . max and the other ¢0 to the table , max addrass the older man in a respectful tone . Max we be ali here , mister monaldi . the siperlt man smile gra - ciously . frankie frankie . cail I frankie . Friends I like call not frankie . get yourselves -a chair and a glass , boy . patsy and cocket do just that @ 4 . frankie eya noodlzs . so this be noodle . noodles cive a embarrassed aod as frankie size he up . welcome home , sonny , he turn to he companion , who be wolfing down he food with a face devoid of enthusiagn . ) ce e bentton . soe shake he head ; he be not - interested . frankie introduce he with a courtly gesture of the hand . job " 's mina be on he food . ' he look up at the boy end aax , les be . pay , ' close eat ' abhand to he heart , he add , of frankie ( cont . ) they're all here , the four ' horseman of the apocalypse . do you hape pen to see that movie , Joe ? boya , I want you to meet Joe . he 's come alla way down from Detroit to ask we a favor . *o and I , I ee not refuse . no , sit . Joe 's a big name up in Detroit . do not need to tell you how far not 's get or how far he 'a gonna get . he 's not just a friend ; he 's a brother . joe you gotta be a hebe to eat this shit . what do you call tais , pisstrami ? ' .- that 's what it taste like . they in the family prankie ? , franeie not yot . sut they be as good as in the family . you will be in good hand , jee . now tell the boy '' " what you want . joe - _ you be goin’ to Detroit . 152 . Mar what for ? joe & pound of ice . patsy & robbery ? Mar ; . that 's Little League stuff . joe with Big League pay . frankie I work out you cempensa - tion . you be gonna like it . joe fifty grand . franeie and we heartfelt thanks . Mar when ? doe posorrow , before five , or the ice get ship to anaterdam .. : Max where sre this diamond ? joe there will be someone to meet you when you get there . he will teli you everything . tt 'e all work out , nothin 's o ste hoodles chine in for the first time . boodles why we ? have not you get . bey in Detroit who could handle it ? franeie jee want it handle from putside . from a close - up of noodles , we out to : y ce to scene 82 atrport at new york ( 1931 ) exterior . Day . tha gign over the hangar read hughes airline - New york , & zoom dackward to aatch the boy - @ 8 they run shouting along the run - way , bag in hand . fhe propelier be spin on tha plane to Detroit waen they reach it and climd on ; it 's like board a2 move bus . patst plant himself in front of the ppiane , wave it to wait . the other ound on the door , a st=wardess open % , pretey but tough , and the pour pile inside , laugh and carry on . 155 ») cs scene 83 155 ateplane in flight ( 1934 ) Interior . Day . the stewardess pedal she ware up the aisle . the boy be asate in a row , with the aisle between thea . they make a big production of refuse the drink . ' be open he jacket to reveal '' hotewater bottle strapped across bis stomach , he 's wear one toc , 28 be cockete end noodles . aa soon as the stewardess hes pass , ail four unscrew the stopper of they hot - water bettle a @nud take long , gurgle gulp . lot of lip-snackiug and eye roll . . stewardess coffee , tea , or milk ? cof - fee , tea , or milk , sir ? mar Heaven forbid ! that stuff ia poison . I have to think — of my innard . paqst . se do I , cockeye gastritis , roodles colitia . _ patst pleditis . max arthritis . ye of 156 one of the passengers peer at , - they timidiy , he funny little face wreathe with desire . he gum up the courage to beg . passenger I have a tendency towards g*stritis myself . laughe and reach for the . max man 's tea cup . max gimme . the sup be empty ; he fill it from the water bottle and pass it back . the man shut bis eye and sip with ecstatic veneration . other passengers turn and look and laugh , aa fat lady present she cup to be fill . Pat lapy leok like an. epidemic . 4 big lavce from everybody . thing have relaxed enough for the other to loosen up and help themselves to they own supplies . a gentleman unscrew the top of he cane and 7ill he cup from the bottle inside . a lady open the jacket of - hsr suit aw a cup from she girdle . a old industrialist lift the fake bottom of bis briefcase to reveal a row of precious little bottle , the party be really get go - ing when we out to : 15 ? scene 94 : ateport in detroit ( 1931 ) exterior . Day . the plane roll to a stop with the propeller still twirling , the gangway be wheeled up , the door open , and the passanger , swara out to the roar of motor . they reel out into the wind and the dust , laugh , sing , bigh as kite , and they take aay gawill leave of the four there 's a lot of bow and back= slapping and hat-tipip , even from the stewardess and the pilot . the boy pull themselves away and dab off , still wave and so - long . out in front of the airport , they quickly spot the man wait for they in the back seat of a park car , the driver see they , get out , leave the key in the ignition , and walk off . the four go to the car and get in as if they own it . 158 scene 85 . car drive into detroit ( 1931 ) Interior . Day , cockete take the wheel ; patsy site next to hime max a noodles flank the man ( sont be _ big name ) in the back seat . mai take care of the amenity . mai bi , jobn be a little nervous , sohn how do you do ? max and noodles cast a few side ~ ' long glance , just to see what they can ses . JOHN look re — pectadle , evan natty ; but he 's wall - eye and nervous and keep ~ wiping he hand on a handker - chief , cockeye start the car and ask , cockete where to , buddy ? JOHN er...oh , yes , thet way . downtown . cockeye do a swift about - face end head towards town . . max you be the informer = so orm we , JOHN mop he brow and then take a sheet of paper from the bricfcsse he hold in he lap . _ joae - itve drawu up thig plan . of the office , on a scale im of ene to a hundred for ab > max take the aap end atudiea it . then : 3 159 , mae where be this diamond mine ? j0an & bandre and twalve ? drty -fourth streat , on the corner of eighth . 160 scene 86 build on & STREET corner in detroit ( 1931 ) exterior . dey . the han 'as voice continue as we gen what he 's deacribe . the '' camera pan up che front of she building . JOHN ( Orr ) ninth floor . where it aaye '' yan lindan . '' ve see three window , sach bear the word : ~ vad lind=m. detrcit . rio do janeiro . amsterdam . of " with scene 87 161 corrtdor in van linden' build ( 1931 ) Interior . Day . the hallway be line with the doora to various office , and empty . JOHN 's voice continue to describe the scene . fhe camera pan the the door , and we gee the office through the little window . max comment . JOHN give a force laugh . bhe camera focus on the office clock : two on the dot , joen ( Orr ) 4a - you get out of the ele - vator , it 's the third of= fice on the leave . thera ' 's , % reinforce steel door to the diamond be in a save a the inner room . they be in a lower drawer on the leave . i¢ 's get a fake bottom . max ( oft ) you get all the fact , have not you ? Fake bottom - yet . jorn ( Orr ) who do you think .nsure the gen against theft ? where they be to be keep ia state in the policy . max ( prompt , off ) then what ? jonh ( Orr ) the office help come dack from lunch at two o'clock . | there 's a and from the elevator emerge several of the white - collar erowd , they head for they office , fhe camera linger on the '' fhree who work for Van linden : two men and a woman . the teree employees reach the door of Van linden 's office . the woman ( carol ) open the fancy lock . she 's a brunette , Young , with dark , anxious eye . : 162 hum of voice , , JOHN ( off ) there be three of then - two clerk and 4 secretary . Max ( oft ) who have the key to the ante ? JOHN ( Orr ) Van linden , he keep it dn he back left-hand pocket . nooplss ( ort ) be that state in the policy too ? zm ( ote ) fhe agbretary be ny wife . she will help you as much ag she can under the circum - + atence . " gockeye ( oft ) bab ! & couple a doozy ! JOHN ( off ) we have never do 's anyvue like this before . ie have debt . life be get so - Max cut he off . carol and the two clere bave go into the office . carol closea the door after -@ quick , tense look . towards the elevator . the corridor be now empty . the camera hold on the elevator doora , they open , and a little man appear . JOHN describe he . the camera precede van linden to the door of he office . camera be now . right behind the van linde 's back . max 's be - volver jab into he spine . when speak , he voice be muffle by the handkerchief acroas he face . 163 max ( off ) save the sod atory , pal . JOHN ( off ) Van linden always come back at five past two on the dot . he 's dutch . ee 'ts short , about five - thrse , he 's get a bis nose and red hair . there will be no nead to hurt bim . we be old | friend . and , please , I do not want anything to heppen to my wife . Max ( off ) we bate senseless violence . maybe just a couple a ' shot behind he beck , to loosen he up . _ max eeep quiet , or I will plug you . . oe 4164 va linden 's jaw drop and he eye . almost fall out . nota peer out of hina , however , ag put he hand up . other hand reach for he and pull thea down . the s0 ys crowd in , maak end armed , like max . they shove van linden to the - door of he office . phey duck out of the way of the window so that carol can pretend she do not know they be there . she 's good at that . she look up from she deak , suile at van linden , at and press the button that : gpen the door , ' da more ove of lpst than féar . 16 scene 88 ; van linden' office . ( 1931 ) ' Interior . Day . fhe four boy burst inte the office , shove yan zinden in front of they . he 's get he handa up egain . cockeye close ' the door ami shut the wooden shutter so that no oue can look ig from outside . pace with armed robbery , carol jump up as if in terror and tern to one of the clerk for help . the clere have just come from the inner room and go ~ for the alara button . patst atopa he with a blow of he : gunoute and the clerk slip 0 to the floor with a stifle groe - phe gound be enough to ug the other clerk run . , cockey ia ready for he , but may , atop bin . . max ( nodding at noodles ) Tet tim do it , he needa the practise . noodles ' hesitates just a second pafore go to tha clerk and velting he , carol watch all this with reep faacination , turn on by thease thug anc they violence . when the clerk be hit , she ves ea’ draw - out scream which 4&2 cockeye cut the telephone wire and patsy stazt to tie up the clere , noodles keep a @ye on carol , aware of the way she gaze be caress bis gun - a3 he be hold some othar , more personal possession in he 's rand . . , : heantine , max have push van no ante the room with the safe . open it ! ae he 's scared shitlea , but van linden shake bia head . van linden hoee max lash out with he leave and smashes van linden ' 's face -open , break he jaw . the tittle man 's wig fly off , and blood spurt frou nis nose . the ast carol off , ' she throw herself in front of noodles and acraam , . carol you beast ! you sedista ! hoodles grab she and hold she tight as she try to acratch rig . he whisper vo she , ' noodles '' gan it ! he try to shut she up with hia free hand . van linden be blubder in the other roon , and max be at bin again , Max open it ! van linden wag he loose gaw bone . _ va linden / pledge ... max let he have it egein , . right in kis bloody , tear - ' atreak face . carol bite nocdle ' hand and , wiggling free , whisper to hin , cagol . . _ hig we ... hit I ... hocdle hold ber and shake she . ne , of @ 167 oodle what for ? cut the act . she get wild . . carol hit I ! it will look mor convincing . please hit I ! gockete be help patst wrap up the clerk . he egg noodles one cockeye hit she . she say please . carol squirm and scream . cakol ( seream ) noodles give she a good on , tight in the chop . carol scrsan again - carol . ( seream ) louder aad more full of lust . in the inner roon , van linden have take the key from bis back , pocket and be fiddling drunkea - ly with the combination to the safe . max be distract by carol 's scream , atid turn to noodles . max make hed .- 's Hut the fudic up . noodles bastes the woman again and again , drive she backwards ever . a desk , she sprawl on it with she leg wide and she dress up , end not a stitch on under - peath . she writhes and groan , tempting noodles with she erotic convulsion to the point wher . he throw hinself on tap of she and screw she silly . van linden have finally get th safe open . whopping the dutchman over the haad with the butt of he gun , be call out , while patsy and cockeye gee to ' it , max loct the safe , send ing the papers fly , find the fake botvom , and pull out @ little sack of diamond . he open it and check . then ; he stop in the doorway to the outer office when he see woodles lay pipe . he watch bim , cockeye join he , he pull himself off carol and button bis fly . carol lie shere like a corpse . max laugh and slap noodles on the shoulder . fhe four laugh and leave , pull off they handkerchief once they be outside the office . 168 max much oblige . . boy ! ' tie he up . let 's go ! cockeie wnen you be through dickin' the yentzer , Charlie , we gotta tie she up . hoodles I be through . _ Mar we do not need key with you dfound , chaflie . you % can get inte anything . 2 169 scene 89 . ' STREET in the suburb of detroit ( 1931 ) exterior . Day . cockeeye slow down as he get to the little red brick building on the outskirt of town , the place where the boy area to meet joe , ' deliver the diamond , and get ry joe and hia fluneie be wait in a lino park outside the building , from which resound a ioud , reythmic rattle of machinery . coceet do he usual u-turn to pull up sone thirty fest behind the limo . max togse the bag of genus to patsr , who get out and saunter up to the other car , whistling . a eaeudl . whistle . he benda down end look in the window . joe how would it go ? patsy handa he the ‘haul , the boy watch from the other gar ; coceeyie keep the motor one job screw a jeweler 's eyeglass under one thick brow and in - gpect the take like a expert . theh he nod toi one of eis 30 ys , who haad a rell of dill out the window to patsy , patsy ( smiling ) thanks , patst pocket the dough as joe look at he through the sye - glass . . : any trouble ? aw 170 patsy remember joe 's word ' aud quote they back . patst nothin 's to it . job probably never recognize what he 's lock at though the eye-glass , enlarge and deform in a way he 's never see before . . patsy doss not - give he tine to think before pull the trigger dnd drive the lense straight through he head . the little pecket of diamond ave scattered outo the floor of ene car and out into the road . patsy flip -flops onto he belly on the sidewalk as cockeye awing past with the ear and max spray the flun - kite with he machine : before they have a chance to get out they gat . thia sudden violence take hoodies completely by sur - prise . he have not bean warm thet this be the true scope ef the mission - to wipe out 's joe and bis gorillas . but he reflex be still work , and he open the car door for patsr . do in spite of max 's «fire , one of . ee thug be still alive . he. dump from the lino , plough through the few , terrorize bee ee ay ? and take cover in he doorway of the little brick building , whence he direct pot - ahot at tke boy , max . gee hin . - : we miss one . noodle . itis a order . om es gockete burus rubber as ths , oar suerve buck in the oppo} #ite-direction . noodles be out the door before cocesye even stop , bis sun in nis hand . he somersault on the pavement and come up run in time to gee the thug dart into the iittle . brick building , aa ao 172 scene 90 os feather cleaning plant ( 1931 ) Interior . Day . noodles burst into the place with he gun in he hand . he see a eeuple of workmen with linen mask aver they face , take cover be= ' bind a huge , shudder machine that be cover by a wire mesh . boodles see e cloud of feather , wash white as snow , tumble frou the mouth of the machine . from the scared glance of one of ' she worker , noodles understand that the thug have go into the other wing of the [ L - shape room . peer around the corner , he seeg a@ shadow flatten itself against the wall behind another machine , which be not in use . phe thug shoot at he from he ' bide - place . noodles sidle up to the control ol of the machine and switch on . 4 wiagar of feather pour out mall over the thug . cover with ' they , he stegger forward , still shoot , but blindly mow . he. @tope he way forward like a tar - and -feathered frankenstein , . pight into the wire mesh . - noodles fire point blenk through , the screen . tie feather on the thug 's chess turn red as he melt to the floor . moodle head back to the front door , watch by the worker who ab ) ce on 41 STREET in the suburb of detroit stun and furtousz , noodles aome out of the cleaner 's into the street . be head for the car ; cockste - back up to meet he , patsy open the back door for bin . but instead , nogdle open the dviver 's door and yank cook ~ bye from behind the wheel , Fe get in and pulla away almost fore cocezye can climb into the back saat . ( 1931 ) exterior . Day , : 17 % scene 92 . car drive along lake ST . clatr ( 1931 ) exterior . Day . noodles face be drawa and tense ag he speed along . beside he , mai watch he in silence . cockete and patsy be mum in the back seat . then suddenly noodles . ask , .- roodles ; why do not you tell I ? max think a moment before anawer , Max be inside can change you . I would already make a deal with frankie to get . wid of Joe , and with Fran - en , . ehe you do not say yes and ro : then gay no . I could not : vtake a chance thet you would say no . roodles you do right , because I wouldda say no . max be surprised . . max why . frankie 's as biz as they come . 4e run the cémbinetion . soodies he will be cun we if we let hin . mat _ you do not get nowhere alone . * roodles = . : Ave not you the guy tiat say ~ he do not need bussy ? it sound to I like a good '' e ' . , . idea . it still do . '' on 5 of max be silent for a moment , then : _. noodles slam to a stop near a bear a little wooden vridg . he turnga end look max square ia the eya , max return he look for a mou bent , then snile . ris eye flick to the bridge sud the calm water of the lake . moodle allow himself one nove outburst . he turn the car onto the bridge , where the wide Max 475 think it ovar , noodle . they be gonna make we a definite offer , there '' a@ lot in be for we . : oodle yesterday they ask you to get rid of Joe . tomorrow they can ask I to get rid of you . maybe that 's okay for you . I . wax all right . 4a swin ? noodles yeah . tunning~boards snap the railing like bowl pina , ' and drive . straight , orr ft lato the water , the car sink , coceete , then patsy , emerge , spetter and spitting . '' then 1 who look around much the Way noodles look for he some year ago . no sign of roodles . but it 's not for let 's forget it . 176 scene 93 . tureish bath ( 1968 ) taterior , Day , hoodles ' head pop up out of tha Water . it 's che nocdle of 1968 , wellow in a mmassage - pool , where the bubbling water send off jet of steam , fill che room with thin curtain of nist , Beyond , we can see tha locker- rooz , she shower , a bit of the gym , letting the water work the kink out , ncodles lounge in 2 commer ef the tub , he arm streson out along the rim , he 's tameraed in remories as well , memory of the talk he bad with May ag they drive . aiong Lake St. Clair age thirty year ago . one wacory lead to another , and seriousness zive day foa flicker anile . x '' 17 ? s0ene 94 turkish bate ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . a beeutiful gake girl appear through the mist and slip into she water next to noodles = now tha young noodles of memory . the place be pratty much the same es the one we have sesa , without the gym , howsver , or the wave — make wachkine . hoodles fiddy around with the wirl and pley footsy = nos with she foot , but with oer belly aud she breast . cur 7 % 478 scre 95 hew yore street and tuasish bath ( 1933 ) exterior . Day . maz apeeda like a madman through the city street . he scream around a curve and slam to a akidé halt in front of the turkish bath . 179 ~ scene 96 turkish bath ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . moodle be kick water sll over the leugh and shriek girl , whe jjampa cut of the tub . gia1 , tamme go get my bething - osp ghe say , thouct . we do not hear har over the music . she sit 's through the mist to he change - cubiclea , —. where she suddenly become tense and furtive . relying on the mist to shield @ reach out and unlock the door that lead to the ad - join room . ' then sks enter the qubicle . ry scene 97 tureish bath ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . a man wait on the other side of the door , a man in a long bathrobe . 4s soon as he hear tha click of the lock , he cross the room 'ot where the little pool be full of cold water for a icy rinse - and go into a large corridor line with door . de kmock at one of they on the leave , then at another on the right . fwo other men , also in long dtess - gowa , join he , amd together they return towards the room with the pool . twoofthen enter . the third one do not sake it , for at that ao - ment , max ourst into the corri= dor and shoot . shot the man fall inte the fold of he bloody bathrobe . 4841 scene 98 turkish bath ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . in the pool , ncodles hear the shot , and leap out of the water to grat ris gun from under @ towel , && &@ nearby bench . the unlock door slam open , end the two hen rush into the room , but noodles be ready and ahoot . one of then . shot max managea to finish off the other , but not before he be wounded . he then shoot the girl , a she attempt to es- sape from she hide - place in the cubicle . hoodles see hax stagger and fall in the adjoin room , hoodles maz ! he grad a towel and wrap it around himself as he run to bis frieni . ee seas at once how severely wounded hax be , and quickly haul im up like a baby and carcy he down the corridor and out . other denizen of the bath ~ oustomer and attendant - - come out of they : hole like frighten . rat . n wee 482 scene 99 turkish bate ( 1933 ) exterior . Day , noodles appear at - the top of the stepa , with max in -his arm . he 's try valisntly to rouse he wounded friend . noodles Max ! Max ! talk to I . do not pass out , for Chris - gekesa , tell I something . how would you find out ? who tip you off ? huh ? hang on , old buddy , hang on . he carry max down the aten and head for the car . maz open he eye and give a weak smile . max sure I will hang on . waat would you do without I ? the two be lose from sizht for @ moment , as a garbage truck pass , one of that with a chomping maw in the rear . . nd - enormous 183 scene 100 long island mansion ( 1968 ) exterior . Day . noodles reappear on the other side of the garbage truck , but at 's 1968 again . the truck be a later model , with shinier , more menace tooth , it 's park and abandon by the " gate of a fancy Long Island mangion . hoodles cautiously up to the gate and peer through . he see @ car sppreachings down the twist drive . it 's the #ame limousine with the smoky window that he aaw et the semetery . as it pass through the gate , he compare the license plate umber with the one he jotted down earlier ; it 's the same . he watch the car drive off . it doea not get far . a few hundred yard down the street , and the car explode with a blast . - Pisces rain down like hail . scene 101 184 fat moe' ( 1968 ) Interior . Day . we be look at the scene of the crime on the ty set stick wp in a corner of fat moe 's . wa see the police and a ambu - lance crew , pick up the piece . fook around , we notice that oodle be the only customer iu the place who 's pay 's any attention . fat moe keep a eye on he as he serve , on the screan , we see the law office of alexander contini , who be present , along with a interviewer . the lawyer ' 's name ( with a P. in the middle ) appear at the bettom of the screen , newscaster ooecost the life of dis ~ trict Attorney Robert lis - ter , ag he be leave the Long ialand home of senat Bailey . . _ idster be to testify on Thursday bofore the Senate | comnittse investizave what have come to be call the Bailey scandal . the Senator be not available for comment at this tine , but we do have a statement from ... eeshis legal advisor , Alex - : , ander coatini . = = mister contini , District . Attorney lister be the se - cond Witness in the Bailey scandal to lose he life by gudden and violent mean , ( cont . ) 4185 ~ -~ ' thterviewer ( cont . ) as you know , the first be Thomas finney , under - secretary of commerte , who fall to he death from he fifteenth - floor office only a mouth ago . ' i we see a shot of finney 's body , crumpled on the sidewalk . do you feel there 's 3 con - nection between . this two death ? contini the f.b.i. be lock into it . ask then . _ " I police cover finney 's body . with a sheet , as the gaper , ; gape . - q . PAT moe some over and sit beside noodles . PAT moe & - . do you know thosa guy ? : noodles shake he head . fake that money and run , boodle . you get enough to get where you want to gow noodles I be too old to keep run - ing . but net too old to be curious . - will ' the camera be bapk 's on contini . interviewer the only remain witaess 4s the man who , rightly or wrongly , have give he name to the whole affair , sena - tor Christopher Bailey . can you give we any idea of he think on this matter ? 9 a ae | oe the uew show give we a stot of the sign outside union headquarters : transport union . 186 cortint the Senator hes no worry . tsterviewer how do you explain the ract ' that he 's remain incommu - micado out at he place on leng Island ? oontint Senator Bailey be about to take up new and important committee responsibility in Congress , he need time to prepare for that , and to prepare for the question be will be ask by the inves= tigeting tean , interviewer Rather than question , - should not we call thea acausation ? contini : the Senator have no worry . interviewer I wish I could 's say the same for the public . ' here have be rumor of rig con - tract , bribery , the inter - national mafia . the runor eqnter on sweetheart deal between management and the waion , especially in the use and misuse of the pension fund of the transport union . what can you tell we on that score ? 's immy ( off ) I deny , and I doubly deny , eny ani a - ] turor and accu= sation direct at my organ - izetion . y ' '' timmy be a elderly nen with white hair and a limp ( he car - ry a cane ) , who mova with the interviewer through vhe passer - by towards the camera . foodles 's interest intensify . ee search he mind , try to place the man . ha 's help by a title that appear under @ close - up of the man : Jimmy o' dannell , President of the teansport Union . noodles stare at bim and say quistly to fat moe , jimmy be getted heat . & bunch of the local hippie have come into the place , kid in jeans and bead and head - band to hold back they long bair , and would - be Black fan - ' thers with afros , - jimmy be still at it on the tube . & bot in a kaftan go to the '' y set acd change the channel . 187 noodles as that one I do know . jimmy anyone who want to lock at we book be weloome to do go . all my life , I have fight to keep , my boy cleaniand as far from underworld contactr gat dirty politica as possi- . Cry roodles he 's still say the sane old thing , Jimmy . ( Orr ) perhaps wistake havé be make '' but not by we . hippy - they be all a bunch of rock . Bob hope appear on the screen in on of bis early bad 'a , levok blank , end crack a joke . 308 hope y it langh too , 189 scere 102 ' factory ( 1932 ) Interior . daz. a if reacting to the gag , a . young han throw he head back sgainst he chair and let out a@ loud laugh , the kind that sound as though it will never stop , the kind that makea averyone who hear lavce it 'a jimmy o'donnell , the umion -ebilef we just see as a old man , now only twenty - five or sco , with ved heir and irish green eye . he 's in the front row of a audience ef worker before a make - shift stage set up in one of the vast shed of a ateel mill . the worker ara in the third day of a sit-down strike and be be entertained by singer and comedian who bave come to show they support and orighten the dveariness ofan occupy factory . the stege be hang with banner that bear the usual alogan : we make steel - tee boss make rrourie . tower the hour , not the pay . beneath trem , a ventrtioquist be llaten to bis dummy rattle off & patter song , accompany by a ' pretty girl in be eveéaidtg gown , on @ banjo , jimmy be laugh hinselr sick over the catchy lyric . max , noodles , cockete , and patsy be park at a corner of the stage , watch the show . there 's a man with then , heavy - set , flfty -ish . at a certain point he indicate jimmy to the boy . the song come to a end ; the crowd appland ; the ventziloquist and he dunt bow . or : 190 jimmy keep clap as he leave ' he seat and nount the stage . he quiet the crowd with a gesture and eey , . stunt I want to thank this nice folk for come up here today and show they sup - port ua with all this , swell entertainnent . they be go - ing to do they act for the striker in the bronx , over in Newark , end in Jersey City as well . another round of / applause and another vow from the performers . jimmy address the ventri - = loquist . . . : jimmy - fe how you gotta get back to ' work , over on Broadway , - . right ? . the ventrilcquist look biank . the dummy clamp he jaw shut like @ nutcrécker , tilt he head to cue side , and moan . - dummz St a a oooont fhe crowd love it . . sr laugh jimme : 411 the big shot will come to see you on Broadway . maybe even some of the sharébolder in this fac~ . tory . hoot and jeee a from the érowd and from the domme too . - Lee a ] c 8 171 ss - stmme , . rno - you go on back and tell : co they that we be take a : care of ourselves just fine . and tell they we be gonne hold out here till we get we rights . applause and cheer =~ this time sime at jimmy . . the dummy applaud tdo . 7 . : . jimmy ( to the dummy ) you gonna tell then ? dummy ( triumphantly ) you betchal another round of - ; . applause . - timmy silence it and con- viny . , : tae ! : jimmy and if you should happan to run into any of the boy in blue ... he point to a window at the wear : you see any of they out there ? the dummy shade bis eye to 's they be out there all right line up outside the gate - paddy wagon , weapon , riot . gear = it 's like a seige . ' hoodles lock out too . the dummy shake he head . . dummy - . teak ! ' jimny on you way out , ask then what they be do out oe there . wa do not tell '' . they to come . we can de= fend ourselves ! jimmy shake the dummy 's hand , . and be and the ventrilcquist leave the plat Zora together , " fitz " pitzgerald , the want . who " 's get the boy in tow , be olitical nanipulator , '' tly oily and hypegri tical he-waves jimmy over . he intro~ dause the boy | with '' 4 casual air that dce not hide he in - security . jinmy " a smile fade . he give the boy a icy look . pit ! assume a tone of time ~ teat patienca . cookete give he impersonation ef the offended dummy . pitz ignore he and say to jimhy : 192 wild applause and cheer fitz Jimmy , this be the friend I mention to you . '' timme Friends of who ? fitz now , jimny , you , imaw how muck win this strike 4s go to mean to we in the party . we have faith in the union , but you have get to win , by hock or by ... one way or the other . jimmy : '' we wia clean or not &t all . you backroom boy can ' S get that through you head , can you ? we do not ase help from nobody - especially they kind . cockete oooh ! boodles join in . -.. < | jimny get mad . ° max try the calm he down with a wave of the hand . '' be change the subject . 193 the boss do all right fitz with thea . tomy right . the boase use gangster and we do not . the boss pay off the sop , and we do not . do you ever thi be the diffe as ? ' hoodles no that night rence between the difference be that they win and you get it right up the asa , like always , cimmy that 's we & patse it 's you as jimmy usiness , I do not want to get mix up with you . de get nothing to do with booze and drug and floczy . max 's get use to it , pal . this is.a grow country , cer - i tain gsease you be better off have before you grow up. - jimmy . you guy , yo and mump . in ' plague . u be not measel you be the fuck ~ 7x ay be make a fast exit . bax try to sway noodles with - out seem to . before he can go on , a blast of " yeachss then from ' somewhere : iz : the factory . they all turn towards the sound . 19 % jimmy ( cont . ) } '' for be not sleep for two night . I be gonna catch a@ little shut - eye . fitz , he 's '' nice kid . he 's get @ follow . he 's gonna gat place . but he 's just a@ youngster . he want to be the knight in shine armor , waat the hell . do not take hin serious . Max he 's @ d dall -buster . but he 's a likable beli-buster . hoodles re do not go out of bis wa : to be likable to we . '' fit bo not be too hasty , jimny carry a lot of weight in the wiion , but he 's not the only one . there 's always ~ someone who weigh just a little more . - machine gun FIRE oo ~@ gcene 103 make -ghift beqroom in the factcrey ( 1932 ) Interior . 4 man with a yellewiah , pock — mark face ig let loose with a machine gun . he 's aise ing at a bed , but from cur angle , we can not tell if there 's ' wayone in it or not , the man be galye - salvyy the snake = end bia buddy ds with nim , an- other creep name willie th ape . willie aif and fire too . then the two of than jump cut the window and make track , 435 day 198 scene 104 oo ° another part of the factory ( 1932 ) interier or exterior . Day . running from the shed where tha show take place and follow by . @ gang of worker , s172 lead the four boy towards the place - there the shoot come fron , ~~ ¢€@ * 497 scene 105 cobridor and bedroom at the factory ( 1932 ) Interior . Day , a glut of people block the door to the room . fitz be white and tense as he shove they aside and force he way into the room . ee atop and stare wide - eye at the bed , the covar have be yank : off , and someone have oute line the form of 4 human body on the sheet with machine - gun bullet . then fitz notice that jimmy be atand beside he , with no hole . that be do not elready have . he breathes again . the boy come into the room . soodles notice the aheet . noodles / hia be we line of mér= ehandise . ee turn to jimmy . you get a pretty white flag here . you better go out end wave it . pale snd angry , jinmy grab the sheet , jab he finger through the hole , and rip it in hal ? , from outside we hear the wail of a . : be . ce siren . then , voice shouting order . jtmmy know what it mean , and he barrel out of the room , with fiez and the other in he wake . . 198 mr scene 106 v oo shed in the factory ( 1932 ) - Interior . Day . in the shed where the show take place , the worker who stay behind mill around , not sure what to do . cop be pour into the room from the various deérwey , under the command of gaptain aiello , who come in . with a ascort of officer and - a couple of civilian . ee carry a megaphone . : he . ein it at the crowd and speak the - through it with a italian - accent , . atello stay where you be . xeep -a you shirt on . ~ , '' jimmy storm in , follow by the other . ey all stop dea . th bh 11 > daad , then jimny move towards aiello . the worker mass together . ' the bor and fitz stand off to one o. jimny what do you think you be do ? atello . : I be - a wovin ' you outta here . and move the scab in at half~ pay and twelve hourg a day atello I do not imow nothin’ about that . . , . a timmy ( get mad ) then why eat you here ? whose side be you on ? ry '' ~ < atello get tough . the worker be still , they eye on jimmy . one of the civilian with atelio be crowing , repre» senting management , a ruddy - fase hulk on the drink of apoplexy . atello ignore hin . noodles turn to fitz . 199 atello the side of law and order . somebody be - a shoot in here . maybe you deaf , you di not hear nothing . jimmy you bet I hear then . how would — they get in here if you @id not let they in ? atello iisten to os , kid . we just wanna gen " you home . so why don ' you go home before I gotta lock you up ? : simmy we be fight far we job and for éur pay , crowning tou can not blame management for the Depression . . atelio - you be guilty of disorderly oonduct . the country 's in & crisis . we gotta have order , or nobody can think straight . . _ noodles how much do they pay hin _ , for that ? d ghowning make he pitch directly to the worker , jimmy lose he temper . atello step between they and 's grab jimmy roughly by the '' ave . - . ee pétate & the he nen , arn — and ready . jimmy say nothing . fhe worker be watch hin end wait . =ive the bot and fitz look at he expec - tantly , and jimmy can not be - gist a glance in they direc- the atello try to hurry thing along by get chumay . you do '' fitz after five daughter , he have a son bear yesterday , they give the kid five hun - dre share in the factory a a birthday present . crowning Men , listen to I . I have dust come from the board of director . I have be euthorize to present you they offer . jimmy and I be authorize to tell you to go to hell , crown , you and you board of bastard . so help I , I 'ma warning you - atelio eo , kid . warn you buddy to lay off and go home like good boy to they wife and sweetheart . on we get 's out the sh the tear gas . id ik 9 i$ ro I jimmy turn to the worker and give a order in a strong , sure voice , dnd he show they how by sit on the floor . fhe worker follow he example . — atello 's rage break ont . ee turas to he man , the cop move among the striker and , work two by two , they * start carting they out . fitz watch jimmy go , rigid as a board , ang say to the bos , noodles ia watch ateilo , acs he supervize , the solean-up . atello ( cont . ) " eid , let 's call it quit , my wife have a baby boy yes ~ terday , and I wanna go ses bim in the hospital . jimmy on you buttal atello mennaggia a vui e all 's anime da chi v'é stra - mortol get this scab outta - bere ! pitz if there 's anything you boye can do to help he ... noodles . they be go home to they wive and sweetheart . , , and pete go home to he daby foe oy ry 202 scene 107 : : hospital corridor and maternity ward ( 1932 ) Interior . Day . we 'ra greet by the wail of crying baby . they're tuck into they crib dehind @ glass window that pro - tect they from germ and rela - tive . 4 nurse enter the ward , bear two little tot . she check they rage and the number on two crib , end file they away . she pick up two more and come out inta the . sorridor . she 's deing watch by someone hide behind a helf - open door , when she 's go , four doctor in white , with face - mssks5 , move quickiy down the corridor and in ~ to the ward , leave one = coce ~ eye = to guard the door , noodles direct the switch . a baby from the first row of crib 's be replace by one from the second bow . they namentag and number be awitch too . hoodles turn to patsy , who 's veady with pen and paper . roodles fourteen go to twenty - six and vice-versa , get it straight . . patsy I gotall a 's in arith - metic . max and noodles ksep on switch - ing , end patsy follow they around , jotting down aumber . it 's e risky business . - anyone might walk in . so the tempo of the switcheroo grow faster and faster , . os . miss thompson try to pasa . 203 patsy 's have trouble keap - ing up , a 's or no a 's . meantime , cockete see the surse head he way along the corridor . he drop he face - mask and stop she with a pteasion of severity . a - quick glauce at , she name - tag , and he say , cogkeye . misa Thompson , be there any reason why you be not here to receive we ? the + office tell you to expect we , do not they ? caught off guard , the nurse shake she bead , but cocesye givea she no time for rebuttal . . I be Doctor karlsberg - ear , eye , nose , and throat . I and here with doctor schumann , carlucci , ani freiberg , who eat in town for the pedia - tvician ' convention spon ~ sore oy the Carnegie foun - . dation . do not I see you " there ? - gockeye ' 's machine - gun delivery stun the poor girl . again she barely bas time to shake she head . we might take in 'an evening gegsion together , hiss . @hompson , what be you ' doing tonight ? miss thompson Excuse I , doctor , i have get to get on with the babiea ' breast - feed . * gcockete . oe . I would not mind a little ' braast — - feed myself . ) - miss thompson be shocked . fhe door of the ward open , and mai , noodles , and fatsy smerge - ' whey give miss thok ? s0n a corm dtal nod , and hustle down the gorridor . cocksye follow they without another word to the " wubse . she have no time to comment , the nursery ia in a uproar . she rush to the window and leoke in . eeah and every one of the little bugger be scream ing over he new accommodation . miss thompson Doctor earlisberg ! occeet osil ce Arnold . '' jn with ou scehe 108 295 . private room in the hospttay , ( 1932 ) Interior . Day . it 's mrs aielio ' 's room , full of flower , five little eiat , and mr and mrs atelio . she be sit - ting up in bed , duxo®t and beam - ing , like a fecund queen . bath nearby , atello sentor sharé with she the awareness ~ of be a benefactor of man - . mes A. smile indulgantly at this foolish fear . her sussand reach over to pat she big bazoom , on cua , the nurse come in with a baby in she arm . atetio teke possession of the chifa , gently but firmly . : then he smile . he turn to he wife . atello - he 's eat ? mrs atello for six . atello we can open a dairy . do not you feed he at four o'clock ? mrs atello ( smiling ) ¥hat 's right . atemlo ( sirprise ) Holy Mary , they grow fast . in six , seven hour ... that eye ... more and more like wy old man 's every minute . same coler , same fire , same pride ... ow mrs atello be pleasantly acandelize . turn towards he five atello + daughter , buddy together . in alarn . | hae soften as he address he . - bundle of joy , atelio notice he 's get bidtsleeve water . he hold the baby away from he . phe wurse be ready with a pair of _ dhepera . . he take , off the haby 's dia per . | be , look , then look again . something seem to be miss . he drope the baby on the ved like a hot brick . the nurse turas pale . she checka the baby 's tag , then she clip-board , — . . atello ( cont . ) do you look at hia wee - wee ? j ' mb atelio , Vincent ! the girl ! ' stello you girl be gonna learn that after I , the boss in . ' the home be he ! phis kid get balis just . like bis papa . * nurse Tet I have bin . atello you think I doe not know how ? what the hell 4a this ! surse : that 's the risht number , t , '' ayelio go up like '' aky - pooket . - atelio , t°21 wring you neck ! you find ay aon , or I '12 bura down the whole goddam buil - ding ! . teleprone atelio answer with # shout . atflloo hello ! be turn pale , petrifisa , and @wwoat , all st the sauy tine , '' ers aielio ange back against the pillow in tear . . whe the hell be you ?... what .. where ? scene 109 . peggy's whore house ( 1932 ) Interior , Day . , woodles be on the other end of the line , be ] dolled up in he _ trreda , hoodles where the hall do you think ? he 's in the maternity ward . . . . never leave it . but he do - os a . 7 a't care for ois accommoda - : : tion . so he switch . switch bis name - tas too . then they adl start to awitch . you know how it be with kid ~ one do it , they all gotta do it . but talk about a fuckin ' ruckus . now we have pan back to see where we be = it 's the front efficsa of pégay 's bordello . max , cockeye , and patsy be drape over the furniture , : glass 4a hand . vast and ashy , peggy sit behind she enormous desk . after a pause to let aiello gputter , noosles saya , of course not . thank God we be there to keep a eye '' on thing . we could put the little bastard back where they be - if we have @ really good reason for do - $ 55 toe well , for instance ... what do you care about that strike ? youtre act like a ass= hole . you throw out the workerg , you bring in the ecab , you post a guard to . keep they there . shut up , I be talk . here 's what you be gonna do , ( cont . ) ad he hang up afd turn to the other . then , to patsy , patsy look mildly embarrassed . he stand up . boodles shrug , _ max spread bis arn like billy sundsy . 209 * noodles ( cont . ) gall off you dog , and let the striker work thing out they own way . okay ? you do that , and we will give you you kid 's new number ... that 's the ticket . you know something , aiello ? fora God son of a bitch , you be not a bad guy . I will be call you . what '' charmer . where 's the switch - llist ? patsy good question . '' J might a leave it in the pocket of that jacket . iold everything ! I remen - ber . the even number be boy and the odd nurber be giris . cocret that will make they nappy . noodles 80 we pick an.even number , eight . if we be lucky ... cockeye what about the rest of then ? " wax we be like the Lord God almighty . sose set it good . and some get it right up the asa . -' 210 feggy riess frou she desk end gomag to the boy , 4 aheet of cv and a roll of greeuback she hand . feougr iet 's settle up , fella . . : it 's Saturday . rs he drift towaris a wall alive with nymph and satyr , cockete sayz , coceet settle , shmettie . i'11 take 4t out in trade . he bend down +o look through & pesp -hoje in the wall . through i4t he see : bp sgere 110 eexeption room in the whorz house ( 1932 ) Interior . dey . tue room be plush and elagant , and full of young , luscious girl , some in giitter gowns , other 4n pert - to - nothing , peggy and noodles keep up the ohat . woonle ( oft ) = hia ia too much , Peggy . peggy ( ort ) toat 's you fifty per cent . I be gonna wish thing eho be worse ? scene 111 . 212 office in the whore house ( 1932 ) . Interior . Day . patsy speak for they all : noodles continue for he , boun - oing the roll of bill in he cockeye shout from the wail . max atart towards hin , with a word over he shoulder to peggy . peggy be grateful but crafty . max take cockete 's place at the peep-hole , and see : _patsy we be talk it over , bubeleh . noodles no more fifty per cent . this go to pay off the loan , and the place be yours . cockeye well , will you look who 's here . gome. over here , you guy . max : that suit you , Peggy ? _ beggy '' Ho thanks , boychik , it '' do not suit I , everything 3 gmooth as silk around this place odacause everyz= one imow you snd as be partner . om scere 112 reception room ( 1932 ) taoterier . Day . & newcomer hea appear in the galow . she 's see she latest ley to the door and pelaea to give he a final , lusty tongue - teoaae . thea she beada for the Victrola to ohange the record . it 'a carol , the wife of the de- $ roit inaurance want and the sgecre - tary of the little dutch dianond desler . 213 '' uw a4 scene 113 . , office in the weore house ( 1932 ) Interior , Day . : max be tickle pink . he turn and call , . Max hoodies ! woodles take max 's place . . : the one by the Victrola . hqqdles see carol . but he can not quite place she . boodles . . who the hell be that ? max ( scandalize ) you do not remember ? and you know each other so , well . coceeye give he impersonation , moan and bite he lip . cookete hit we ! bit I , you beast , . I love it ! ooch ! it all come back . noodles slam @ fist against he forehead and swear . noodles _ - ghat bummerkeh ! gevalt ! . : . ' " phe Detroit cock - squasher ! patsi make a dash for the peep - hele , as max aay to peggy , Mat boney , call in that red-head in the green dress , will you ? tell she there 's a bunch of fan put here wait for _ autograph , peggy look through the peep-bole . J 4 ot she 's not enthuse , but she go to the connect door , unlock - it , and call into the next room , garol appear in the doorway , and peggy point to the boy . carol some into the room ' with a aurprise smile . the four exchange a look , then mat tie he handkerchief over '' bis nose . the other follow suit . carol beag , then , with a touck of artless CO , 'o . he unbutton he fly end henl ' ont * bis whang . the other again follow suit and fine up for in - spection . carol review the brocpss , and finally point to se max shakea he head and . nod towards noodles , - 215 + peggy oh , Carol . Carol ! Friends , of yours ? carol bot a chance I would remember a bunch of good - looker like this . wela , natch ! how could I forget ? actually , I only get to know one of you with aay degree of intimacy . max whish one ? see if you can _ bick the right birdie . carol | yout hin , cr noodles get carol out of a spet + some lady might find eabarraa — stag . carol laugh and point at boodles ' dick . she skip he and introduce herself to the other with a ' quick squeeze , she linger over max 's member a little longer . Max reply , & la cockeye : / carol pull off he handker - ohief and , wrapping she thigh around bin , mash she mouth down on he . 4s though other button up , patsy s835 , ' carol have she mouth full , so peggy answer for she , 216 noodles we be together so much we be beginning to look like each other . carol , so we have already meet . oi I be Carol . please to ueet we hello , there . charme '' sure , a real thrill . Max the thrill be all mine . farsr 80 Detroit 's loss be we be feggy no . her and she husband just come in on weekend . cockeye beat the sea-shore , - '' CW aa ? peggy she take on twentyetwenty - five daddy , and she hubby watch she through a peep - hole . ; cockete beat the movie ! peggy what do you think that sbpuck be - up to , in he eubby-hole ? oodle a : I do not think he 's worried . - , '' I gst the impression he 's not what you would cali the jealous type . caro aud max dance slowly to the . : hus ic filter in from the next neon . carol play along with noodles . carol be trust I , we be just / a old - fashioned couple . she and max have dance they way to noodles , whe 's lean ust a-sidebcard . carol _. figger hax 's hair with one hand cau réeachés for noodles ! érotch with the other . how " bout a threesome ? may anawer for noodles , note bis evening dress . max . ga not you see he 's get big + plan for tonight ? carol keep up she manipulation &s she say tauntingly , ' uo carol . so we will maxe it a four - go , noodles roughly shove she hand away . he gc to gat bia tope seat from a armcksir , along with a white silk scearr . he suta they on and saya to carol , nooodlzaa I would push you faca in if F dic not know you would like a ° re turus to the other , - see you , fellow . he goese C 219 scene 11 % _ theater ( 1932 ) Interior . even . a great golden shadow box take up - half the stage , glitter against @ backdrop of dlack velvet , each - aquare hold a gusician , belting out " 0h ! ob ! she could yacky - = hacky — wicky -wacky -woo ! , the whole cast be on stage for | the finale , support the star of thea show = deborae = 3ing and dence and dazzle with elaa and beauty . | roodles watch from the front row , and he 's in seventh heaven . it 's ~ like he 's back peer through the vent in the john at geliy 's deli . desorah haa geen he and give him @ friently ned , and he wave back with a little wave , beside himself _with happiness . deborah and the chorus line disap - pear behind the great red curtain . roodles get up and start for the exit ea the audience applaud wildiy . applause . oe . scene 115 STREET by the stage door ( 1932 ) exterior . might . 4 big black roll glide to a stop . noodles get out , as elegant a the sar in he evening clothes . he 's way abesd of the chauffeur , who dart around to open the door , cap oodle put you hat om and keep it on , or you do not get pay . . the cap go back on , : how much be it go to set I back ? fhe chauffeur speak with a german accent , chausyeur pifty dollar , hoodles held out a bill . oodle i'l. mske it a hundred . chauffeur thank you , sir , bevy of cuty come chatter ~ ing out of ¥he theager . " hoove smoke ? he offer a gold cigarette case , chauffeur not on duty , sir . noodles eye he black uniforn , he boota , he cap , - '' a yi ir , we hoodles be sympathetic , ° ( hote : fhe word be pro= nounce yeed ; otherwise it be offensive and insulting . ) hoodles laugh . then he ask , . noodles try to loosen biz up . fae , ge beckon to a little black kd who 's sell gardenias , and pick one out while the chauf ~ — talk . boodles I itke you outfit . just ike they Germans who drop match onto jewish deli so they can watca they burn to the ground . chauffeur they burn mine , so I bring my wife aad child te. roodles I be a yid w¥selr . chauffeur I know . noodle - of Max , noodle , and company . eyerybody . know : you . noodles you do not approve ? ceauffeur it 's you dusinesa , oodle '' gome on , let 's hear it . chauffeur I can not say . you take the italian , they look up to * they mafia , '' they god - father . with Jews aoe . 3 different . \) he take a whole bouquet of gar - deuias from the xid and overpay '' then , oun come out of the stage og , '' and noodles be dazzle again . oodle offera the flower . be throw a aru around ber " ghouider and lead she to 's srid.cak ye with a wire at tie crauffegr >» who reply with a admire grin . 222 hroodles Max , noodle , and company be " the bigck sheep of the ghetto . how much do you make a week ? chauffeur they do not all tip like you . but I go to school , I be work for . a degree in chemical engineering . * hoodles maybe you will earn a few buck by the time you fif} - ty and too old to get it up. * deborah be wait long ? hoodles all oy life . 223 scese 116 restaurant , ( 1932 ) exterior , might . ths eoll dravwe ap in front of '' peataurant sestle in a tree alive with light a if of firefly . the uniform doorman hold the eer dom for noodles and nerorar . qa the distense , the SOUND of the sea . scene 117 : . restaurant ( 4932 ) Interior . night . the 2 in the cloakroom take deborah 'a fur and noodles top= eoat . the maitre D ' bustles over and usher they into the diningroom like visit royalty . the band strikea up a quiet little waltz . they're alt in tux , as be the watter , draw up in rank at one end of the place , in front of the busboys . there 's a cigarette girl , too , in a tiny skirt and net stoc se fhe table be all laid with sil - ver and china and flower . the huge buffet groan with roast . beef snd lobster and 3 swan carve out ef ice . what strike deborah be that eli the table be set for two = and that they be all eapty . the maitre smile and wait . deborah look questioningly at hoodles . noodles ee Le , fake you pick . be whiaper : im she ear , see you say you would like to eat by the seashore . it 's off -season ; this place be close . so we open one especially . deborah give he a sweet scile and pick a table by the window , where she can look out at the aea . : a y a the maitre hold a chair for she ; the sommelier and a ' squad of waiter hover around . phe maitre offer the ment end 4 suggestion or two . deborah give the menu a glance , then snap it shut end hand it to the maitre . the matter realize he 's deal ' with a classy deme . ' fhe maitre tutng to noodles . hoodles redden . the waiter hustle off , and the maitre step aside for the som - nelier , wear bis tate -vin like it be the hove diamond . deborad puta she glove inta she glass . 225 mattre boeuf 4 la mode ? we have a exquisite blanquette da veau that ~ deborab I 'il have the asperge gauce mousseline and @ chateaubriand . maitre — poume frite ? deborah Bien entendu . maitre dessert ? deborah I 'l ) think about that later . monsieur ? hoodies ( abruptly ) fhe same for I . 226 deborah ( to noodles ) eave what you like . I only arink water . noodles wavea the man away with a awkward gesture . noodles you decide , chum . he 's uptight when he turn to deborah . you be around , have not you all they fanay shes , parley - voo-fransay . be take lessona ? deborah give he she gentlest senile . deborah 4a augar daddy who teach we how to act ritzy ? no. . ' I pead .. I want to learn 5 everything , I want ... May - be it 's silly to meke planus . foodies ( hopefully ) depend who 's in then . debroah become serious , . deborah roodly . you be the only person I ever noodles '' ever ? deborar I aver care svout . bute . she trian to make a joke out of 4t . you would losk ms up and throw - away the key , would not you ? noodles laugh . . noodles I gnea sc , ' sabietae she look nim in the eye . noodles stare back . deborar let she anger flare for a moment , it go as fast as it come . she soften and smile . and she lapse into a jewish accent and 's one of the classic jewish joke . noodles look surprised , then remenber the joke and take up . debora woat 's worst ia that I probably wouldao't mind . noodles so ? I want to get where I be gotug . noodles where 'a that ? '' deborar to the top . noodles you sound just like Max . the two of you , you be both alike . that 's why - '' you hate each other . deborah do you want I to leave ? . you dence ? noodles . tou eok ? deborah '' itm eskinog . roodies '' I be dence . '' y '' ~~ they get cop and oead for they private dance floor . noodles slip bis arp around she vaist . tha chorusline of walter arrive with asperge acd ch&teaubriand , but roodles amd desorat ara lock together like lover , and could not care lea , cw scene 118 beace ( 1932 ) exterior . night . a wide Persian carpet be spread out on the sand , and nearby , group among the dune , the orchestra play : the gtaz in the black sky be aumberiess , a soft wind lift the long apron of the two wale - ters stand by with the chan= page . dolore be stretch out on the carpet , she face bury in the bouquet of gardenias , listen to noodles as he lie beside she , he band behind he head , talk= ing so quietly he voice be lest now and then under the murmur of the wavea . he reach out and gently oaress she leg . amapola , noodles we would go to bed when it be still day and get up when it be still night . and yet ..- all the time I be in there go by just like that . time vass a lot faster when you be not do ~ ing anything . there be two thing 1 use to drasma about - the way dominic . say " I slip " just be - . fore he die - and you , how you use to read I the seng of song . I get ia good with the chaplain be= sause I be always borrow - ing he Bible . " how beau - tiful be you foot in san - dal , o prince 's daughter . " - I no pead it before I go to sleep , and I would think of you . " you navel be a bow ] ( cont ) ‘) ou he gita up ani take she face 4n bis hand with infinite tenderness . deborae lift she hand to woodles 's as if to caress hin . then slowly she take he hand away from she Zace . she look full into he eye a she '' aay , 230 '' well - round with no lack of wine , you velly a heap 6 for wheat surround with lilly . you breast be gluster of grape , you breeth sweet - scent as spple ... " Mo one 's go to love you the way I love you waoen for wead the Bible and pretend my pillow be you . when I think I souid not take it more , I would gay to myself , deborah 's out there , she 's @live , she exista ... , and that would pull I through . debora I be leave , noodle . tou morrow night , I be go to Hollywood . I have to see you tonight to tail you . be 2n1 scbie 119 . rolis royce and highway ( 1932 ) Interior / exterior . night , sitting in the corner of the back seat of the roll , noodles stare out at the tree as he and deborah tide back into New York . branch loom overhead in the glare of the headlight , then disappear inte the blackness . neither of they say anything . then , after a while , deborae teaches out for he hand and squeeze it . . hoodles return the gesture , dut so intensely that d=s0 rah utter &@ gasp of pain . he let go of she band and look at she , and she be strike by the despair that she see . in hie eye . he move closer to she and kiss she . the kias last . and when deboraz try to pull back , noodles insist and hold ber tishter . she sense that ail the tenderness of the : kiss have go , that siddenly it have be - some violent and ancry . noodles cling to she ard kiss har neck , she shoulder , she try to push hin off , but she can not . the other side of he nature take hold of he , the fierce , pitiless , deman ~ ding noodles whom she may have glimpse at time but have never -. =: he tear at she clothing , rip the silk away frou she breast and maul - ing they , scratch they . he cover she mouth with he hand and force bie leg between she knee , pull - she back by the hair until she be be - neath he on the seat . ' then he be on top of she , pin she down , and he enter she with a quick , savage thruat of he hip . . . ouly then do she pull he hand away and acrean . . | @he chauffeur take the money 232 the car slam to a halt , jolting - both of they forward onto the floor , the chauffeur open the | back door and starea down at then , pale and scared . chauffeur eat you try to kill she ? oodle pull away , leave deborar sprawle on the floor of the car , only half conscious , she clothes tear and she thigh streak with blood . roodles get out of the car , '' stunne by he own violence , ~— and try to pull himself to= . gether , as the chauffeur help descray up . she try to get she bearing . she get out of the car and vomit into the ditch . then she arrange she dress as best she ean and wife off the blood with hem handkerchief . noodles can not face she . ee hang back as deborae get into the car and buddy in a corner of the ' back seat like a miserable , ter - = ied aninal . koodles hand the chauffeur another big bill . noodles take she home , and fiddle with it indecisively . then he tuck it inte noodles ! breast pocket . chauffeur anyone ever tell you jou _ , rave @ poor way with woman ? he get back in bebind the wheel and drive away , leave noodles glone in the night . 233 scene 120 . - speakeasy in 52nd STREET ( 1932 ) Interior . night . noodles be seat at the bar in front af what seem to be a milk bottle . he 's lose he necktie ; he jacket 's a mess ; he 's stew . the place be fairly full , and a black singer be hold forth under the spotlight , song a pretty girl - sve - vith a pair of generous manmary eatch noodles ' cloodshot eye and sidle over to he . she take the nax stool and smile & pretty smile . eve howdy . noodles howdy - do . — eve you by you onesy ? noooples nope . we be by we twosies . he reach out a shaky hand , take a cuo from the bar , cand oura whiskey from the bottle . eve do not drink , she 's a nice kid , pratty and nice . eve dance ? noodles I be not up to it . I want to get laid . ~ eve , that you be up to ? y " 4 noodles do not answer . he 's fishing throush he pockete for gouetbe . she watch hin and sak , : still no answer , de pull out a bili and stuffd it into she hand without look at it . she look . a thousand duck . hardly a pause . noodles try to get up off the stool . eis lass give way . eve grab he and help he to the door . 234 eve you get souse like this every night , or be tais a special occasion ? please to aeet you , Mr. rockerfeller . noodles eow much d' zi give you ? eve 4 hundred dollav . hoodles what 's you nace ? eve Eve . noodles I be gonna call you deborah . eve I have have man do mote for less . ww 235 scene 121 . hoodles 's HOTEL room ( 1932 ) Interior . might . you san tell that someone life pether than just stay here , but it 's only a hotel room neverthe - less . noodles and eve be in bed together . she still have she slip on . noodles cafess she with clumsy eagerness . ee do not usually hsve to aweat to make love , and he mutter in he atupor , noodles ** deborak ... eve play along , patient , affec— tionate , gentle . eve I be right here , ' noodles : you be so beautiful , deborah . ~ eve - thanks , his tongue be like mask tape . noodles ( almost cry ) " bow beautiful be you : foot in sandal ... " pudgle , eve look 's at she bare 7 foot . " 0 m prince 's daughter ... " ; deborak ... deborah .. he maka a wajor effort to sit up row I be go to fuck you , deborah . eve - fake you tine . + hie reachea for a half - enpty bottla of whiskey on the night - table and taka a long swig . then ha drop face down onto the bed iu a total blackout , eve look down at he , full of tenderness , aod gently strokea ais hair . curt 2 % bhoodles boop~cop-a-doo ! 77 237 bcese 122 woodles ' HOTEL 200m ( 1932 ) Interior . day/sunaet . & pay of rosy sushine fille the whole reom . [ t 's the @ed of the next dart . hoodles be alone in bed , still galf-drogse . he 's fight to wake up , be tock around , try to be — wember . then he see tha not they the pillow beside ain . " bo long - and thanks . deborsh '' on he c les tha note in he fiat . then he look at he watch . six o'clock . cur. 2348 sceke 123 . train station : restaurant and central hall ( 1932 ) Interior . nigh . deborar 1a at a table in the restaurant , look elegent and pala , there be two sult — gase on thea floor teside hur , with a fur coat throw over thea . she finish she coffee and pay tha check . & pcrter coma for she luggage ; she carry ner eoat . they crom the great hall '' of the station towarda the plat - form from which ner train leave . roodles come in through the main door of the station . ra 's out of breath and un - g@haven , a raincoat sad scarf throw . over . 51 clothes , he dest catch sight of ds3o2 a2 as she leave tks hal2 . he hurry aftar she . od , 239 soefe 124 platforn and train ( 1932 ) Interior . wight . noodles run alongside tha wait train , look into window and check the peopis on the platform as well . tae porter who carrtad der = qrah 's thing be bead back inte the station . she 's ale deady on toe train . . boodles catch sight of she 's pale face through one af the window , derorar seas he , come to - warda she down the platfora . | they eye unset Zor 2 moment . then she lower the window sbade and auta hin cut of ner life . . whistle , slanming noor , a hiss of st=am . '' scene 125 PAT moe be : fee spearease ( 7953 ) boobles come out of the ele - vator into the speakeasy , tidy up now and look like bimself again . the place 4a empty and dingy - ig , the way aight spot ere during the day . the sound of cockete 's peach bin from the inner affica , he croasea to the balf - cpeomi doce and go in . Interior . Day . 249 ql 241 scene 126 PAT moe be : he office ( 1933 ) Interior . Day , hoodies stop and stare at the sight that ueet he eye when he enter the room . in_ front of he rise a huge ide chair , carve and em= ilish like a nogul 's vhrone . and sit in it like a aogul a mai , with a fat stogey stick - ing out of bis mouth . coceet '' sit beside hin on & chair so low he might as well be sit on the floor . he 's play cis ' flute . patsy sit beside he , one arn in a sling . carol be there too , sit on a _sorner of she pool table and play with the ball . fat moe buay himsel * with the scrapbook and the newspayer ar= ticle he 's cut out and spread @ll over tha pool table . de look up at noodlis , thea glan - ces nervously over at max , hoodles take in carol with barely a glacce , then focus on bax . the look he get back would turn fire to ice . but max do he the courtesy to . ; take the stogey from he mouth yefore he speak . Max / well , look who 's back ! noodles let it pass . . he go to the chair and inspect the fancy scroll - work . hoodies what 's with the fancy chair ? '' carol make she presence feel . hoodies beep he eye on max . he stop sit and dump up . he go to the desk and , from a@ drawer , take a roll of bill which he toss to noodles . he quickly go back and sit down , add , patsy show off he sling . var moe try to mebten , the tension he sense in max . je pat the pile of clipping and say , noodles go towards hin . 242 Max it 's a throne , belong to the king of rumania . eight hundred buck . carol it goea all the way back to the fifteenth century . noodles what be you do with it ? Max a I be sit on it . the union pay off . that 's you share . while you take a holiday , the boy and i’ be do overtine . patsy the shmuck here have becoae a hero . I ahed blood for the cause . PAT moe . it 's in all the papers . the Daily telegraph do not like it . it say hera , '' underworld join strikera in brutal batvle . '' ( cont . ) roodles take a look and read the headline : gargster clash at factory occupied by striker , total lace of police intervention . fa ? moe continue , cockeye stop the background mugic to add , fhe roll of bill weigh heavy in noodles ' band . far moe get very interested in the clipping . boodles take a seat . dis sation be beginning to show . '' wx leap up and go to hin . 243 fat moe ( cont . ) but we get a good review din the Post . " end justi - fy mean in decisive - gang - land encounter . " and they be the one who bitched about the Atlantic City job . cockete rewspapermes néver know what the fuck they want . noodles you could have get in touch with not . max we do , cockeye find you at the chink 's , so full of the weed you do not even recognize hin . cockeye ( simper ) - you uall not deborah . soodles what 's it to you ? mai : . plenty . what we do , we do togetaer . wa work or we fuck . noodles nod at carol . carol get she dignity together and aidle up to max , max scream in noodles ' face . carol react as if she would be belt . _ noodles laugh , carol try to answer back , but nothing come out . he stare at she , wait for en answer that do not come . carol be motionless , as - if also wait for a answer . 24k noodles what 's she here for ? could not she get enough in Detroit ? they could sorew she on the assembly line . . carol , I have leave my busband . I and with he how . noodles ideal . you go out together , you stay home together , you go to work together ... max I do not give a shit about she and you know it ! carol maxie ! boodles where do you spend you weekend ? at the cat-house ? max ( to carol ) tay off ae ! you want a potch in tochis ? bd : 2a5 max ( cont . ) ay . : - '' ia thet what you want ? & boot in the asa ? wat moe , cockey , and patsy state at the two of they in astonishment . the whole thing ia absurd . noodles look into carol 's face . and laugh . a long , loud , uncontrollable leugo . hen , after a moment , max laugh too , with bis violent , garesplit horse - laugh . it spreada to cockeiz and patsy , - even fat moe join in , a Little nervously . noodles get up and go to Mar . he throw bis arm around hin and pound bim on the shoulder . carol grab up she purse and 's glove and slam out - of the room without a word . slam . . - | relephone noodles be usarest and =~ : answer . woe noodles yeah ? a y scene 127 246 drugstore in downtown manhattan ( 4933 ) Interior . Day . jimmy be at the pay phone . through the window , we see a pick - up truck , with some of jimmy 's friend from the factory in it . hef look out the window as be talk , but he do not notice the black car that pull up siow - ly , with salvy th : snaee 's ugly face leer out one window and - willie the ap= at the wheel . a dlast of shatter the drugstere window , jimmy topple forward onto the jag glass . . jimmy t t a ? jimny . who 's that , rcodles hoodle . jimmy . sane difference . idisten ... I be gonna need you boy today . there 's something in the air I do not like , machine-gun firs 287 scene 123 , yat moens : ths office ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . koodles hearse the shoot . boodles : jiomy ! Jimmy ! be slan the phone dawn and aay to the ocher , the sons-of- bitch have shet hin , y 248 _ scene 129 the plaza rotel : oak room and entrance ( 1933 ) Interior . dey . a private diningroom be a-glitter with lighta and polished oak , silver amd crystal . at the banquet table , @ gather of dignitary in even - ing dress and crowas of laurel dine and hob - nob with a comfy awareness of they own grandeur , like a be - union of Roman emperor , we sce they in long shot . they eonversation be only a murmur of voice that sound like money . 4 timorous . waiter approach ona of thez with a message . the tycoon ~ rise , excuse himself , and goss to the entrance of tke roon , where qorowning ig wait tor hia , whatever crowning have to say , he bessage fill the tycoon with visible satisfaction , ' over they shoulder , we catch . sight of the disnal duo , salvy the snake and williz the ape . Mission accomplish , crounining bow out , and the tycoon return to bis seat , beam like mero at the circus . 249 scene 130 . . the plaza HOTEL ( 1933 ) exterior . - Day , crowning , salvy , and willie come out of the hote ] inte the street , before crossing Central Park South to they car , they take a careful take in both direction . the coast seem clear . - the only sign of life be a couple of black push a zack of dry - eleaging towards the hotel . crowning and he buddy do not even notice it as they start across the street . when it cross they path , there 's a blast of machine-gun FIRE , and salvy and willie crugple . out of nowhere , a car pulla up and : stop by the rack , tae aotor runping and ccckeye behind the wheel , patsy jump out and open the cover of the rack , revealing a couple of smoking gunrbarral . noodles and max scoot from they bide place and mount the running= board of the car ; patsy dume in , and cockeye take off . . crowning be freeze with fear ss he back away fron the bedy of he - $ will thug and end up flat against '' the wall of the hotel . -' . ab ? scene 137 . hospital suite ( 1933 ) interier . the chempagne cork pop , hit the oelling , and bounce onto jimny 's head , as ha lie in traction in the hospital . we hear the boy ' reaction : laugh , noodles pour out the fizz . patsy , cockey= , and max be group around the bed . pitz be there too , the political boss we meet at the factory . there 's a trace of bitterness in jimn 's voice . noodles offer jimmy a glass of champagne . 250 Day . laughter : and voice ( off ) watch it , watoh it ! noodles " flattened by a blast of veuve cliquot . ' what would the union bey say ? you would never whip they into line after that . : jimmy I do not use a whip ; that 's you baby . max ( with mock modesty ) ' we little personal touch . ym a touch of class , what the hell , we win . who. care how ! hoodies '' it 's tough not be there 2 shee the contract , huh , 2 : yp fitz raise he gless . the head aurse come in at that ey moment , with a couple of ti- fern , she see jinky about to raise bis glass , lunge for it , . tear it away from hin , and whitis on the other . cockeye examine himself . the head suqse gesture to the infernd , ; the intern start push the bed out through the sit reom into the corridar , you be give he 251 jimmy what 's tough be see you guy do in one day what I could not do in two year . fitz to the hot newcomer in american union - Jimmy o’dongsll .: cockeye ( play the fool ) mister charisza ! patsy ex-asskole ! may ball-breakez ! atte noodles , and dreamer ! head nurse you be nothing but criminal . cockeye do it show ? head nurse we be about to take he to the operate room , and ink ! D > ‘y D rq 252 jimmy why bother to operate if I be ' go to be lame anyway ? fitz and the boy follow ' along , ' fhe boy wave as jimmy be roll away . the zead nurse shut the door of the suite . fitz address the other . but fitz be talk nainty to max and noodizs , max shoot & look at ncodles , then , as if anxious to be con - vince , he éeg¢és* : fitz on , , fitz do not you worry , Jimmy boy . with one leg a little shy you be go to take giant stepa . the you boy get yourselves not only a friend ; you zot 4 hero . take advantage . patsy what do we do with a hero ? fitz Times have change , and they be gonna change a lot mor . pro - -aibition be nice woile it las - sed , but it be not gomna last much longer , and when it 's over and go , a lot of you zood folk be gonns be out of work . maz yeah ? then what ? fitz you be go to have to find gomethe else , ' what ? well , now , take all that uruck they be use to haul concra - band , a few week , and they will be give they away , could be a chance for you , set yourselv - up in business . it 's worth , think about , fitz answer . he hang up . 7 he pick up where he leave off . e 253 noodles it 's worth puke about . telephone pitz yeah ? oh , yeah , send hin up . & friend of mine . I be not talk about one or two truck , noodle , with you or Max or we good friend hare do night run down the turn - pike . I be talk about huo - dred of vehicle control by a@ national organization end sup - orte by a powerful union nhead by Jimmy o'donnell . ' whatever you ask , there 's no -. thing he can say no to . roodles enight in shine armor do not mix with we kind . fitz armor do not shine forever , friend . it get rusty , max ( get overexcite ) think about it , noodle . we get plenty of cash . let 's in - pest it . . fitz . : I will ' put the party machinery bebind you a hundred per cent . I get friend in nigh place . noodles I do a't like be push around by machine , and I like friend in high placea even o33 . co max biow up . noodles pulis out a roll of bill and look at it . max look at he scornfully , ashamed of hin . '' ncodles be equally scornful . fitz give nocdle a narrow look without say anything for a moment . dis irsite - tion shaw . Ze drop the diplomacy and say the mai : 254 max because you be bear in a sewer and you ' ii die ina dump ! if wetd a listen to you , we would still be roll se noodles " pga matter , you poor ? max I be talk about real money , big money , money we be not never see yet . noodles gee , I alwaya ' think it wes real . mat you will carry that lower East bide stink with you till you die . noodles . I like it , I like it a lot . ita gonna make bath salt out of it . clean out oy lung every time I smell it . give I a havd - on , fitz maxie , you be drsging a dead weight around . one of this day you be gonna have to dump ite rocdle look at mat as if wait to be defend . but mae keeo he mouth stut . oodle let out @ chearltess laugh . ha puta he glass down and pick up tis hat . fa givea everyone a wave and slam out . 259 oodle Ze that it , Max ? you gonna duap I ? I '' gonna take a vacation . Little wanshine , 1itvle sea - shora . give you time to think it over . let os mow ig you be go inta the duaping business , will n'y you , mex ? ®) - > 256 scene 132 hospital corridor ( 1933 ) Interior . oar. visibly npset , noonles come out of jimmy 's room . the elavator be just down the ball , and he join the few peopis wait to go down , fhe alevator door open , and its ssencer gat out , agoug then pe pearkt , the tiefis boss will order the job in detroic . hoodles do not notice kin , but frasele sae jcodles as he gata imte the elevator . franeie look puzzle for 4 aécond , thet go to the docr of jimmy 's room , tax of % he bat , and walx in . c fy 257 scene 133 . hospital elevator ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . the elevator stop at the next floor . some people get in , a girl among they . she 's kind of shabby look , but you would not miss that mamarias anywhere . she glance over some oedical papers as the elevator convinue down . noodles can not take he eye off she bazcom . he 's see they somewiere be - fore . ha try to remember where . he look at the girl 's face . she 's use to ogler , but she look up anyway . noodles seem to direct he question to she breast . noodles the ..um face be femilier . fhe girl snile and nod . what 's you name ? eve Eve . but for a consideration some people call I deborah . noodles remeuber and laugh . noodles a tidy consideration ? eve a hundred buck . she pause , then say sweetly , actually , 4 thousand . noodles wake a appropriate face . . I never earn so auch for . go little . cp eve indicate the papers . ° she look up at he and change the subject . he smile . noodles pull out a roll of billa and write bis numder op one of then . she looka at the dill - a ' hundt buck . the alevator door open , and the two of they be lose in the crowded lobpy . 258 hoodles what be you do here ? eve test . noodles how 's it look ? eve tt look as though thing ere go to be tough for @ while . do you get over be ? noodles my hangover ? eve you deborsh-itis . noodles I have a aching joint every now and then . tonight ? eve ( smiling toc ) get a phone uunber ? noodles ( handing it to her} I be at the fortune Hotel . eve iet 's hope it 's sore work this tine . a -+i 259 scene 134 : . noodles 's HOTEL room ( 4933 ) Interior . might . noodles open the door to the corridor and whistle , bve stand thera , a dream in green silk . she do a turn or he , which set ner boob swinging , then say , . eve : we gonna do it out here ? he step aside Zor she to eater and lock tas door behind thea . oodle you 'ze @ imock -out . she smooth she dress . eve bergdorf - goedman . plus I pay the rent and the tele= phone and fill the ice-vox . noodles give ber a kisa be - . hind the sar and 2 little package he 's take from the table . eve / what 's this ? noodles . dust a thqught ... he give the breast a feathery touch . - a think I can not seem to get out of ay mind . eve open the box and find a@ dozen lace bras , I hope they be the right - size . eve laugh , and hold one up , . look perfeot . noodles try it on . like gypsy , eve start to peel with one glove . woodles get into the awing of it by put . " a pretty girl be like a melody ... " on the Victrola . then he + drop onto the sofa and a watch eve as ske go to . work , she 's half joke and half serious , half amateur and half pro , aad turn on by the reaction she 's get - ting from noodles . she 's soon down to she bra sud panty , she turn . she back to nocdle , indicate she need help with the clasp of she bra . he help , panting over what he kmow be come next . eve turn to he , nold up the bra with voch hand . ' then she let 4 '' drop into noodlss ' lap , along with two large rubber falay , noodles be stunne _ he utaré at eve with he : mouth cpen , and she stare back , hand on she hip , leg astride , a expression of defiance on she face . and the breast of a fifteen - year - old boy . eve well ? n isoking alightly deject , at a loss for complinent , noodles take the faisy and toss they in the air . when they descend , he give they a punch . they sounce off the table . eve catch they and toss then into the air again . pretty soon they be bounce ali over the place like a couple of veach ball . . noodles kick ' they around ; he and eve play catct& . fi - wally the two of they end up side by side on tha sofa , howling with laughter . noodles finger one of the faisy , then relax , and snile . he drop the falsie , grab eve , and give she 2 long , gweet kiss . he bend she backwards beneath he on the sofa and , with a little as - sistance , slip of ? she pan - tie . he lie on top of she and whisper int she ear , eve : pretend toa look worried hand in _for & second ... she get she - there , then ' smilé . 5 4nd she kiss bin like she will never stop . 261 noodles y'know , I might be wear a falsie myself . a scene 135 . roodles ' HOTEL room it 's a pale November morning - after . noodles dnd eve be have breakfast in bed . a huge tray , cover with all kind of gocdy , the two of they eat like it 's be day - obviously they nve be get to know each other , noodles chuckle . noodles get playful . he take the tray away . - 262 ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . noodlss . tell I something you really like . eve ( arter a pause ) Mrs. Roosevelt . soopy huh ? eve she seem so shy and helpless , but when she get a idea into she head , watch cut . I wish I could be like that . noodles what do not you like ? _eve ( meaningrully ) complication . wher & cave - mau go cut on a hunt trip , all he wife say wes , " eat , bleep , and buttog up you leo - pam skin . " noodles . you know what I say ? stop sleep . stop eat . @ for you lecpard and tak skin ! z z 2 ° '' ) he pulle the cover from she and they roll together passion ~ ately . at that moment , the door be kick open . noodles grab he gun frou under the pillow , drop to the floor beside the bed , and aim . eve scream and pull up the blanket . it 's max , stand there in vhe doorway , in a spiffy summer + and carry a straw suit - case and a boater . ee 's cot a fishing pole hike over on shoulder . carol stand behind bin , in virginel white . noodles lower kis gun and look questioningly at max . max explain . 263 max I tell they 411 to go to hell . let 's go to the beach , pas scene 136 beace at miame ( 1933 ) exterior . we hear and see : the buge '' flashy , new hotel at Miami beech , the sway palm , the eggshell strand , and '' private storeline of the fae - ciest hotel of the period . phey're on the beach , soaking the sun : nocdle and eve , and carol . they have bring e Victrola along . fhey all look good with of tan , the picture of handsome , de - cent , sli-american youth . and love . max and carol can not stay away from each other . noodles gnooze with he head in sve 's ape they seem impervious to any cut= side intrusion , distant voice , the occasional korn , even the murmur of the wave . and the shout of a newsboy peddle the latest edition reach they but day not penetrate . it must be something of world - shaking inportance . 3ather leave they umbrella to gs - the around the n=ewss0y , and he pile of papers be rapidly dwindling . noodles give a quick glance at the newshound 48 they devour they peper , then shut he eye again . . Day . " you be the crean in ny soffes ... " " you be the salt in ay stew ... " newsboy 265 down the beach a way , one of the - bopbguard let out a shout of oy - lifeguard ( shout ) and throw the newspaper into the air . ee drog down on all four and start digging in the sand like a pooch for a bone . down near the water - line he find a bottle , pull it out , uncap it , and guzzle right in front of everyon . his newspaper be blow along the beach by a friendly breeze . it wrap itself around the pole of a d deeck umbreila , then fly into noodles 's face . his summer dream disturb , he. site up , open the paper , and ' seas the headline ; volstz4d act repealed ; prohe - biticn end in december . noodles interrupt mix !s neck with a slap on the shoulder . he hand he the newspaper . noodles there it be . we be out of a job . Max be not in a joke mood . max ( angrily ) we get 's othe > prohibition to keep we busy , carol chime dimly in , dopy from the sumushine . carol I never talk about money . it 's gauche . noodles how much we get in the kitty , Max ? = max about a million smackerco . phat wake up carol . carol Jesus ! where do you hide it ? max fondle she boob , : . max in my jockstrap . carol twist one of bis nipple . , carol pu bet I can make you tell . max 's mood have change . he . @lap she hand away . max ~ gan it . -~ sweet little eve observe , i eve with a million dollar , you be worried adout work ? she rub noodees ' back . . I would retire . max flare up . max wa will retire when we get ten million , or twenty , or thirty ! ha roll over on he stomach . and sweep tha sand smooth with he arm . then he start write or draw something with one finger . noodles watch he , nis cu~ whosity arouse . noodles whet 's that suppose to be ? . : max ( ezeyed up ) } , . _ a dream . 267 a he fist himself in the fore - . head . Max ( cont . ) a drean I be dreave for ar . and I swear to God 's t's gonna come true . you end I be gonna make it come ' true . nocdle what be it , a castle ? Max look up at noodles . max the Bank of Manhattan , 78 fifth Avenue , w.y.c . silence . nhoodle choose nos to under - stand hin . noodles you be nut . yp max flare up again , grab noodles by the wrisv , and snarl inte he face , max do not say that , noodle . do not ever say that . he jump to he feat and dash down the beach to throw himself inte a break wave . hgodles look at carol as if search for a sxpianation for max 's behavior . she stare back , but there 's mo answer in ker eye . then she slowly stretch out agein in the sand . of N ou scene 137 rest home : garden ( 1968 ) exterior . Day . carol be atretch out on 3 chaise longue in a well - keep garden . she look up and sigh . her hair ia white now , she face line . a open book lie forget in she lap . she stare off into space for a moment , and then say , stand beside she chair , noodles follow she sitter gaze , and see other elderly olk , sit om dench under the tree or strolling slowly with cane or nurse . she look around she . noodles take a lawn chair and sit dbaside she . she seem startle by the question , then she nod towards the other , all with they nose in papers or book , and say quietly , carol I keep wishing I would see you again some day , nocdle . I never think I would end up here . I get ay husband 's pension to live on . you remexber he , my husband ? he 's the only man who ever really truly love I . what the hell , it 's quiet . I couldda do wouse . '' -yooone . you ever see anybody ? carol then. ied she look at he . her eye be still young and pretty . she scrutinize hin . ' noodles give 4 little smile . carol suddeniy sound ex - baust . 269 carol ( cont . ) you be the first visitor I have have since I come here , whatts the special occasion ? roodles you tell I . carol T do not get you . noodizs somebody call I from hers . they say you want to see I . . carol where the hell do they - get that idea ? I do not tell anybody to call you . funny noodles that 's the nov only funny thing that 's happen to I lately . carol ( bitterly ) so you do not want to visit . I either . noodles I would haye come . theze 's a lot of thing I want to ask you . carol about Max ? k a 's oe . he give she a vagus nod , she do not say anything for a moment . then , suddenly , she start to laugh quietly . he do not say anything . she pause , then say , be slowly shake he head . another slow shake of the head . carol get wearily up from the chaise . noodles get up too and give she a hand , they move slowly towards the porch or the hone . 270 you know who I think you might want to tslk about , noodle ? Eve . you musva tell ner to wait for you , and she wait , oh , how she wait , but you never show up . you hear she die ? you want to kmow how ? \) en scene 138 . rest home : porch , diningroom , hallway ( 1968 ) Interior . Day . noodles pause at the doorway to notice the write on the mat : bailey foundation . ' he frown as be step on it and enter the difingroom . some of the old folk be still eat . the dismal silence be break only by the sound of eclink silverware . oe as they cross the reom , carol glance back at ncodles with the old antagonism in she eye . garol you know , when people try 0 commit suicide , cvhey do not really want to dje . it 's like eesit 's a ory for help . they always hope someone 'l ? come along and throw they 6 life preserver . =xcept Eva . she aaid she be gonné take off , go somewhere . ske scut the window and lockad the dcor , and nobedy bother to lock . she be in there all the tine , with ber little capsule . noodles look as though he would e to change the subject . but , aa. they pass into the hallwat , he say , : noodles : when I leave , I know I could not take she along , I do not want she mix up in it . if chey . ever find te. tell myselr . I would call she as soon as I could , I hate be without she , buc I do a'tt call hes . ( cont .) roodles stop . a photograph on the wall have catch he eye . it show the innaugtral festivity of the home - a group of elderly in - mate gather behind a ban - quet teble full of dignitary , doctor , and nutse , 411 with champagne glass in they band ? and in the center of the photo , like the star at - traction - deborae , ) he point to deborae . noodles step towards it . 272 noodles ( cont . ) then , without notice it , I atart to forget she . and when I remember , it gust make I realize I would get use to be with - out she . carol yeah . there be nobody at the funeral dut I . noodles what 's this ? carol open nisht . Fifteen year ago . before ny tine . '' noodles '' and she ? carol she 's the patron saint = geome actress . noodles you do not know she ? carol I ? she catch sight of a nurse in the hallway , and she be - eome almost maniacally intense as she lean towards noodles . noodles do not take he eye or he mind from the photograph a he take out bis wallet and randa she a fifty dollar bill . she go to the nurse , mutter something to she , and pass she the money . then she start up the stair , move quickly uow , forget ncodles com - pletely . . he remain in front of the photograph , stare at deborah . 273 carol lend I some money - anything , twenty ... thirty ... you can have anything around here ... if you get the money . pp 274 scene 139 rest home : upstair corridor . ( 1968 ) Interior . Day . noodles wait in the corri - dor outside carol 's room . the nurse we see earlier come out of the room and aay to noodles , nurse , she say you can go in . he go in . yy scene 140 275 rest home : carol' 800m ( 1968 ) Interior . late afternoon . noodles enter . the nurse slose the door from outside . oarcl be sit in a chair , she eye clese , breathe slowly and deeply , relaxed , at paace with herself . - come towards she , noodles notice a empty ayoo and @ hemostat on &@ nearby table . without open she eye , carol go on talk again ae if ina trance . she open she eye and turn to lock he full ir the face . carol bo you still wake up dick over have kill Max ? you stili on that guilt trip ? duh , noodle ?... you know why I keep wishing I would see you again ? of tell you he be better off dead . he asd the spph . it : have start to eat he brain little oy litcle . ff he be not alraady crazy , he scon woulda beer . see scene 141 : : " he federal bank of manhattan ( 1933 ) exterior . Day . the door open , the buge and heavy gild door of the fed - eral Bank of Manhattan . two armed policame come out and eatation themselves at each side of the entrance . a truck pull up and stop in front of the step , a small truck bear the name of a industrial clean establish - ment . max and noodles get out . they be wear work clothas and act as cool as a couple of cuke . they sling they equipment around they neck , take 4 pucket in each hanc , and start up the step . they enter the bank by a door v— ' the the side , obviously the service entrance . pp. scene 142 . @he bank ( 1933 ) Interior . Day . Max and soodles ' pess through _ the column into the vault banking room . it 's half a hour to open time ; the clerk ' gnd teller be busy with they hittle task ; a couple of clean - dog woman be polish the woodwork and sweeping up . may and noodies put they cease down , and while they get out they rag and brushes and ah '' : ammonia , they look casually . avouml . anyone in the trade can - tell they be case the joint . policeman be already on duty at strategic point sround the room . glancing up at the two balcony that circle the rooa , noodles see more boy in tinue , armed and ready for business , '' max and ncodles exchange a compli- oitous glance . max will check out the ground floor , she entrance . hall , and the banking room ; nkood - tes will take the upper floor . they nove swiftly ane efficiently , as they have deen clean spis - toons from the cradle . Three move dis all it take - ona to empty the use sawdust into one bucket , one _ to swipe a little ammonia around inside the spitzoon , , one to fill it with fresh sawdust frou the other - busket . they work in rhythn , like wind - up toy . and they cover the whole territory , corridor , office , . the john , through the entize vast warren of the building . and every - where they go there be cop , cop who take they joos seriously . max do not miss the trolley that deliver hefty packet of bilis to the teller , so_ba stashed neatly in drawer and lock away . not 278 noodies , on the other hand , have he ees on the cop who be no the plece . it 's pretty glear what each of the boy be think about the attraction of this particular locale for a eventual heist . noodles stray from he spittoon eng enough to get a general view of the hall from one of the bal - cony , but he 's quickly warn off by the wava of a gun barrel . the cop be obviously more than just decoration . noodies join max downstaira to empty he full bucket and get a refill of clean sawdust . de jeans close and whisper , noodles it 's euicide . 279 scene 143 . carol' car in the street of maneaptan ( 1933 ) Interior . dex . carol be at the wheel , carol " Max tell I everything ; you know that . we see noories , sit next to she . noodles like what ? carol everything . Ali you plane . any barn in it ? noodles plenty . carol be not you trust I ? . noodles I think you be capable of almost anything . carol like spilling to the cop one of this day ? S wooplss exactly . carol that 's just what I be think - ing of do . she pulis over to the curb . they be park in front of the Federal Bank , arey and menace and weli-zguarded . > she throw she cigarette away and look noodles in the eye , roodles waita for she to go on . she try to gauge he reac - tion , but he face give nom . shing away . she add , garol what chance be there that a erazy thing like this aight succeed ? noodles ask Max . carol lock , this mean suicide for you too , pure and simple . for everyone . hoodles tell he . I could not get any - . where . you get you own I - thods . carol they do not work . we do not screw anymore . all he can think abour be nis project . be talk about tear gas and hostage . he 's gonna do it , with fou or without you ... tisten , noodle , you and I have mever like each other . ' we get along because of Max . this be one time when we could do some - thing together for bia . after ' that ; we can go back to bate eech other 's gut . ig you go to jail first , sor wowld not be any bank job . actually , it 's Max 's idea , '' another nod at the bank , noodles look steadily av the bank . his silence answerg the question . ste start the car and add , she lean over and open noodles ' door , he get out . carol close the door and say to hin , the car shoot away . 281 noodles how 's that ? carol he laugh at you . de say Eve have cut you ball off . he say you wet you pants every time you walk past this place . and thet you would do anything +o gat pick up by the cop aud not do the job . be that true ? then do it ! put he in jail . not for long . just enouga for he the get over the ide . . and if you can not atand be away from he , put yourself in jail too . you be petvter off there thar dead . you know what 's right better than ido , but if you do a't do it , I will . get out . take a cab , I get errand . . think about it , fest , oy 282 scene 144 PAT . moe be : speakeasy ( 1933 ) Interior . night . we sense of déjd vu - be well - . found ; we see this scene be - fore , when noodies dream if in the opiuz de . now it 's 'din full color , sharp and loud and real : a little black coffin float through the darkness . suddenly a spotlight hit it , illuminate the scroli that read prohibition and the four vottle of champagne that serve as candlestick . it 's borne on the shoulder of two waiter through the apeakeasy . a conga-line form behind it ; the band lead the way , play jazz funeral MARCH . patsy , cockeie , and peggy lead the sobbing mourner . : his eye bright , max wetch they from the sideline as they snake they way among the table , light only by the usndle and little table lazp . carol be beside he , anxious and watch . the customer join the line as it pass ; still other dangh - : . the - lady tosa : flower , " " *- - noodles sit at the bar , with ' eve beside bin . she 's delighted with the fomfoolery . she turn to noodles , but find he grim and serious , as if sicken oy the merrinent , her expression change ; she look worried for De - > _ _ eve : what 's the natter ? * roodles force a smile . - he nod , then lock at he watch . ° he drain he glass . she fiddle with bis hair in she usual way . then he add , eve give he @ loving look . eve be suddenly aware of he seriousness . 283 noodles not a thing . eve . you be not enjoy yourself ? roodles I gotta be leave soon . eve why would you accept this job ? why bother with a shipment of hooch when frohibition be almost over . noodles this be the last one . = every - one 's sell out . they of - fere we 4 go price , so L say yes . we will be go for a while . eve I 'l wait for you at the ho - Tel . I like it when fou come home late and wake I up . noodles I will not be home tonight . or tomorrow either . wp noodles shake he head . she watcheg he anxiously as ke saya , she have more question , but suddenly all the light in the place come on . the coffin bas be park on a table set up for the purpose at the back of the room . everyone applaud . max leave carol and go to the center of tha roon , arm raise , ask for silence . when he get it , he say in @ loud voice , the two waiter decapitate the chaupegne bottle and pour out the fizz . everyone toast and horse around . with the belp of two more watter , PAT moe cut the coffin-cake and hand it out , max get a refill and move to patsy and cockeye gor a more 284 eve I think this thing only take a couple of hour , like till tomorrow morning at the latest . noodles no , not tomorrow ... or the day after . but I hope you will wait for I , applause max Friends ! I drink to the sad demise of fat moe 's speax - easy .. I mean , who the hell want to drink here legally ? be laticd private , intensa , and emotional ~ toast . 285 Max ( cont . ) boy , let 's drink to we last shipment , because there 's more than just booze on board to - night , there 's ten year of our-live . ten year that be worth live . ' they drink . the toast be not enough for max , woo wrap he arm around both of they convulsively , almst by - stericaliy . then he let go and look for noodles , hea find aia , sit - ting at he table , and oe lift hia glass to hin . noodle . noodles stay where he be , he lift he glass and barely wet he lip , carol watch they from the bar . the band strike up 4 snappy twostep and everyone dance , eve look at noodles and pick up where she leave orf . eve how long will I have to wait ? noodles turn and look at she . oe : / hoobtes 4 year and a half , more or less . six month off for geod dehavior . Ze ent off any question . do not ask . she doas not . only she eye try the find a answer . but all he sey be , - I gotta get go . not ? she reach out for he hand and say tenderly , be take bis band away and quickly geta up . he cross the reom without spesx to - anyone to the door mark frivate . oarol follow hiz with she eya . 286 eat , sleep , and button up yout leopard skin . scene 145 . fat moe' : the office ( 1933 ) noodles enter , shut tha door , and turn she key . ee go to the phone snd dia . the sound aggravate he ner - vousness . finally someone enswer , . inoterior . night . telerone ringing bhallorar ( off ) . twenty -second precinct . sergeant eatlorar . hoosles I get a tip -off for you , '' scene 146 fat moz' : the speameasy ( 1933 ) interioz . like carol , max too bas watoh roodles iaave the ad e - he finistes bis drink and go after he . ya finda the door to vhe office idcke . ee cuook , afver a moment or two , ncodles opena the door , ha be pale and tense . night 288 mar , ~~ , scene 147 289 PAT moe' : ' the office ( 1933 ) Interior . night . 4s he-comes in , max ask , he put one foot up on the throne and starta to polish bis shoe with a silk hsndc - kerchief . hs looka a if he have not @ care in the world . _ noodles can not see max 's face , - max look up at hin . he gee back to he shoe , by now @ couple of black mirror . he sigh . Mar what 's the matter ? you bick ? boodles ( quietly ) I be fine . max you do not look . it . I be watch you all night . you deen booz it up pretty tard . you get shixker cause yeu be not get no gut . ncodles ( simply ) I will go wherever you go , max leok , we be just bring in a séipment of dooze .. even that make you chicken ~ shit , do not it ? noodle , noodle , maybe pitzy be right . maybe I ought to dump you , '' 's y noodles turn away from hin . max atraighten up with a 1 , with a eruption , of violence , he apast noodlis on the back of the neck . as be slump to the floor , hqodles see max raise the butt of hia gun , he face twlete with rage as he bring it down on noodles ' head . cur . noodles you really ere crazy . Max never say that ! y) scene 148 2 m the rest home : carol' room ( 1965 ) Interior . even . carol be still in she chair . it 's get dark outside , but uo one have bother to turn on tha light . '' carol 's pallid face be clearly visible against the shadow . she apeak siowly , as if tired to the point of exhaustion . noodles turn from the window and stare at she in the usk . noodles look out the window again . yow he too sound t ° . . carol Max make fool of we , noodle , he '' set a trap , and we both walk rich ? into it . he want to die , I tell you he be sick . but he do not want to end up in the nut douee . de want to die on she job , with a gun in he hand . so he graduslly get . we to think about turn he in . you and I . when tha cop atepne the trucz , he start shocting . there be no - need to shoot , tt be he way of willing bimsel . noodles what adout patsy ... and gockey ? carol he do not give a shit about they . but he want you to gtay alive . se do sot want you involved in the suicide . noodles suicide . scene 149 : , theater ( 1968 ) Interior . night . deborax a claopatra ~ ornate , majestic , robe in funereal black , she face be the only spot of light on the vast '' stage , @ tragic mask in the egyptian alight . her may , iras , lie dead at she foot , and she waep over Le deborse this prove I dase . if she first meet the curl Antony , he will make demand of she , end apend that kiss which be my heaven to have . come , thou mortal wretch ... she take the asp from a wicker basket . roodles be in the front row , listen intersaly , like that around he caugtt by immortal poatry and a guperd performance . deborah press the snake to hear breast , with thy sharp tooth this knot intrinsicate of life at_ogce untie . poor '. venomous fool , be angry and dispatch ... charmian o Eastern star ! debora pease , peace ! dost thou not see my baby at uy breast that suck the aurse asleep ? jk the 293 bhe take another aap from the basket end bring it to ber breast . debora ( cont . ) what should I atay - she fall back gently , as if in sleep . not the death of @ grest actrass , but the death of a queen . be } scene 150 backstage ( 1968 ) Interior . night . two stagthants carry a piece of ecenery pass the camera , revesle roodles as he wait outside deb - orae 's dressiagroom , '' ™]he theater be quieting down for the night . the accor be isav - ing ; tne stagehand aze set up for tomorrow 's performance . two of tit carzsy the royal throne from the Zinal scene to its ste- rage place asar the dressingroou door , the door open and deroraa 's mat appear , a elderly womaq with e@rey hair , she see nocdies , maid come in , boodles nod and slowly go ante the dresaingroam , al '' 295 ' sceve 454 / deborar' dressingroom ( 1968 ) Interior . night . noodles goea through the little anteroom to the door of the ampie dressingroom of the star . she 's stand there , silent in ' the middle of the room , without ber crown and wig out still wear - ing she wake - up and she robe . see close to , the make - up be a heavy mask that preserve cleo - patra 's tragic intensity here away from the stage . noodles stand look at she . there be a long silence , a silence thick with tension . noodles be the first to speak , afraid if he do not that per - hap she will atand li e that for - ever . : noodles eello , deborah . wo word of welcome ? deborar I do not know wrat one say . after nore than thirty year . noodles — disappear bas . always be a old habit of mine , deborar this time I never think I would see you again . noodles keep stare at she , scrutinize she , weigh she word and she reaction , - at last she seem to come alive . she goss towards the - uquor table .. she pour out 4a stiff dose . her hand shake a little . she take a sip , then ad - adress the naid , who be busy behind a tig’ screen . the maid get the picture . fake a costume that need mend , she go quietly out . she hesitatea a second . phen , . 296 noodles this time you could easily have say you do not remen - , ber I . bdeborae actress have good memory . & drink ? noodles now deborae I be go to have one . margot , I do not need you for now . . maid all right , miss . noodles miss . you : never get darry ? deborar no. noodles you live alone ? deborae no . she put she glass down on she dress table and sit , face the big mirror with its ring of light . ske start to be - Range she hair , noodles watch she in the Mirror . she continue she apparently aimless question . deborah ( cont . ) where have you be ? noodles away . Far away . debora when do you get dack . noodles - a few day ago . deborad stay ? roodles it depend . she pause with she hairpin to ask , deborah why do you want to see I ? noodles , two reason . first , to see af you would do the right thing by leave I to be - come a actress . — debora well ? noodles - you do . you be fantastic . 298 he turn to look.et tha huge . pester on the wall - deborar - as cleopatra . - bezeath the hote , the most famous line om the play : age cannot wither eer , nor custom stal eer infinite variety . noodles ( cont . ) it 's as if it be write for you . '' Age can not wither heree . " por the first time , debora have a trace of a smile . deboral that 's because I have still get my make - up on . . she begin to wipe it off . noodles no . you make a pact with the Devil . deborah bure . I sell my soul for eternal youth , she take a long swig of she drink . the other reason ? noodles ~ - you ask I if I be - stay - ing . I 'say it depend . it depend on whether or not I accept a invitation toa party tonorrow night . deborah keep she sudden interest hide . deborad 4 party ? roodees ° out on , bor Island . Senator Bailey 's s$ place . she freeze for a moment . she have trouble keep she woice steady . hes take a little card from he pocket and prop it up on the dress table in front of she . it 's a engrave invitation with noodles ' mame add by hand . christopher bailey of the UNITED states seat zas the honor 10 invite mr . david aaronson , saturday the ele - venth of JUNE 1968 at nine in the evening . slack sir . deborah read it without say - ing anything . after a moment , she ask , noodles put the invitation back into he pocket . bhe go on with she work . she stop . and do not answer someone imeck at the dress - yoou door . . - 299 debora you know Senator Bailey ? noodles no . but he send I a invi - tation anyway . deborah if you do not imow each other , '' why do he invite you ? nooples | _ I think you might know . debora why I ? noodles because you know hin . knock bd i y the voice of @ young man ~ david - answer . nocdle notice deboras 's evident alarm . noodles study deborah for a monent , then get back to businesa . . deborah try the defensive . noodles turn tough . '. deborah lose she self - control . her voice rise hysterically . he grab ter by the wrist and . hold she vightly . 300 deborah yas ? david ( ofz ) it 's I , David . I come to give you a lift . can TI come a deborah no , wait , David . wait for I . I 'l ] call you . david ( orf ) right . I be outside . noodles so , what do Senator 3ailey '' want from I ? deboray you come here to ask I that ? noodles why do he send I that invi - tation ? — debora I do not know ! I do not know ! why should I know about you invitation ? what do you want from I ? why do you come here ? TI know nothing ... nothing ... she pull away . deborae 's voice be toneless . 31 noodles right now you be a lousy actress . debora every performance have three side to it = nine , yours , and the truvh . noodles . ' who be Senator ssiley ? deborah he 's a suc¢sssfu ] businessman . he start out as a poor imni~ grant , then make a lot of woney in San Francisco and Los Angeles , where he 's live for more than thirty year . noodles I already know that . it 's to " who 's who " and all the news - papers . what else ? deborah de marry a wealthy woman who die after they son be bear . a few year ago he go into politics and zove here . now he 's in trouble . noodles so much for he life in public . what about he private life ? . debora it take a delicate conscience to be 4 biographer . noodles be that why you can not bring yourseif to tell I thav you 'te bis gisvreas and that you have be live with he for fifteen year ? cp the tensfon seem to drain from she . she look suddenly tired , she turn to look at herself in the airror . after & long pause , she say , her eye plead with he . he bive she a long , hard look . she : bow . she head , then she too bécome hard and chal - leng . ' ha ture slowly and goss to the door , she try to stop he with one last gesture . but he open the door , 302 deborah Age can wither I , noodle . we be both old , all we have leave be a few memory . if you go to that party , you will not evan have they any more . tear up that invitation . there 's a exit behind the acreen . use it , and do not look back . | I be begging you , noodle . noodles be you afraid I will turn into a pilldr of salt ? debora if you go out that door , yes . scene 152 303 backstage ( 1968 ) Interior . night . noodles stop ou the thresh - hold of vhe dress room , as motionless as lot 's wife in she salty state . deborah ap - pear behind aim , anguish in every feature . sitting on cleopatra 's throne , a.leg throw over one arm , be max = max as he be thirty - five year ago , though now he blond hair reach he shoulder . he. turn towerd tha apen door and wave to deborah with max 's same snile . but noodles look so grim and deborah be s0 obvi - ously upset , that the boy' in - pulse quickly fade . se doss not get up . deborah introduce he , she voice &@ mere whisper . a long pause . then noodles mueve away , stare atraight ahead . the boy watch Wim go , puzzle as be disappear into the dark - ness . then david turn to look at debora . deborah this be the son of Senator Bailey . his naze be David . the same as yours . a 304 scene 153 the garden of senator bailey' house ( 1968 ) exterior . even . the senator - max - standa at a window in a upper floor of he house on Long Island . perhaps '' the reflection on the glass muddy vhe image , but he look old and tired , much pore cuange over the year than nocdy . his eye be bright and anxious as he scan the spacious grounds of the house . lantern and flare light the aoe @laborate garden , the walk and poadway , and the path that lead down to the wharf and the sound . a party be go on in vais spac - tacular set ; tre sround be full of people , and mora be arri - ving : handsome woman in smart gowns , genta in tux , milicary officer in full dress . the es - tablishment s'amuse ; cordiel hand - shake , formal hand - kissing , slap on the shoulder , aurseting ecress the crowd . waiter circulate with drink and food ; buffet table be scattered lavishly across the lawn . and ridden speakavs bring the nusic play indoors by the orchestra out to the party - goer . . soft music fhe elegance , the sophistication ; . and the luxury be .ail real ; for once , all that glitcver be gold . and the guest circulate through the garden and tne pavillion , around the pool and down to the aea , with the conscious aatisfac - tion of the very very rich . max see deborah in the crowd , dazz - ling as ever , surround by admirer . david be there too , with a gang of young friend , suddeoly , max pull back from the window . . ms 305 scene 154 senator bailey' study ( 1968 ) Interior . even . max come away from the window and uross the huge , dark room , the wall be panell in oak ; the iide binding of the com - . plete work of everyone gleam om the bookcase ; the window be shroud in heavy velour ; the rug be a chinese masterplece ; and a Lautrec hang over the mantle . max pass a arnchair where another old friend sit - jimmy o'donnell , the former knight in shine armor , now in evening clothes and carry - ing a cane instead of & lance . max go to he desk , a slab of satiny walnut beside which atand the monitor of a inter - nal television circuit . Fe anep on one of the four gereen and see the same view '' he see from the window . another screen show the gateg of tha main driveway , wheze more guest eat arriviag . phe remain two give we glimpsis of the interior of the House '' spacious salon where guest mingle and chat . jimmy watch for a mouent , the say , jimmy I have get to admit that this party be a good idea , sena ~ tor . max sit at the desk as jimmy sontinue , . it 's like say , I may be - up before the committee in five day , out my conscience ia clean . ‘he most ixporvant people in New York be ny guest . it will be a night to remember . jimmy havis himself up and limp over to the bar for 'a drink . he reject the in - sinuation . Ze nod towards the screen . jemmy go back to he chair . he pick up a briefcase fron the floor beside it . ee put the case on the desk and take out papers and docu - meat , and a couple of '' ledger . 3506 m ax especially if the house blow up . where be you put the next bomo ? in the freez - er or in the can ? iimer you be out of you mind . you can not even think straight any more . there 's a wait list of people who would like to send flower to you funeral . I could point out ten of then right now , if you want I to . max Fine . but : nobody want to rear my obituary in froat of the commission as much as you de , you and the union . jimmi we just want to get out of this clean and legal . max I have hear this lyric be ~ fore .. jimmy there be still a few develop - ment that need the be see to . everything 's as we agree . I have my lawyer draw it up . all you have to do be sign . max glance over the papers . max flip through the papers . jimmy say nothing he face be a blank . - but max be not quit . ina sudden outdurst of anger , be slam a fist down on one of the ledger . simmy keep cool . . max ( ironically ) my last wish , huh ? jimmy ( stare ) I do not think you be ina position to express any wish . max everything go , eh ? jimmy twelve per cent ia put aside for you son . we be not in - erate . you don 's have to worry about hin , max unless I do not siga , suh ? in twenty - five year , I have help you make a forvune , you and the rest of the ass - hole . jimmy it be a reasonable arrange - ment detween labor and manage - ment . max two par cent for they and forty for you . you defend they and you screw then . i¢ 's be the story of you life . dee any sody believe in you any wear ? } on max grab jimmy by he lapel , ready to hit he . timmy do not react . he give max a icy look and say , max catch sight of ncodles in the screen that show the gate , show he invitation to one of the servant . max let go of jimmy end push he away . ee turn to the desk and quickly sigus the papers , 4s jimmy straighten bis tie . max toss doyn the pen . he sit in front of the monitor . jimmy gather up the papers , stashes then ia he brief - gase , and go out without a word , maz answer . - 308 jimny - everyone . but nobody be - lief in you . secause I have avoid aak mistake and you have not . agbition be waat do you in , Senator . you be stupid , and , unfor - tunately , you be also in the way . jimmy why do not you take care of this yourself , Max ? I would be very happy for you if to ~ night , during all the noise of the party , I hear a snot . max maybe you will . . wow get out of here intercom max yes ?... show he up . os 309 he turn back to the monitora , where he see : tn oue , noodles crossing through the main livingroom in the wake of a butler , in aucther , a closer shot of roodles a4 he stop for a moment to look at David , whe be busy receive more suesta . thea hocdle disappear . back to the previous manizor , where ncodles follow the butler up the stair , then to the next , where deecrae wuddenly appear , watch soodles with tragic , anrious eye . aanothar look az nocdle as he mount the ataiss . max watch 3 coment or two more , then ger up and goss to the window , dis back be to the door . he stand motionless , leok down into the garden . ms ao scene 155 the garden ( 1968 ) exterior . even . prow max 's poin : of view , wa gea davin , youttfui and exu - berant , ducking away from a elderly lady wno have block hig path and so to join 4 group of young people , ware he bend to kiss she shoulder of a pretty girl . then , as if he feel he father 's gaze , he look up towards the window and givaa ac effectionsta Wave . _ — ~ scene 156 317 senator bailey' study ( 1968 ) Interior . even . max smile affectionately back and wave . then hig face turas tense again . he hear the door open behind ‘him and the butler 's voice : the door close . max wait without turn around . there 's a long silence . tnen , still not move , Max , bay , max turn slowly and loox atv noodles , who still stand oy the door . they gaze at each other in silence over the span of forty year . max give a slight smile . max gesture to a large lsather arachair at the head of a dark mahoganny conference table . butler ( off ) go right in . max what be you wait for ? coue in . noodles ( orf ) for what purpose , mister Bailey ? max '' huh ! to take a seat , noo - dle . noodles ( come forward ) thank you . J his eye flick over the Lau - tree and the rare edition . max have go to the bar and fill two glass . he suddenly stop . in @ mire ror , he catch sight of hoodies slip one hand ingide he jacket . but instead of a gun , he 6 cut the invitation and eld it up ... max finish at the bar and come to hocdle . he put one of the drink down in front of bin . he 's beginning to get ner - vous . 312 max I be glad you accept my invitation . soodles I be curious , I have never see so many bigewig up close . Max ' usually the rat desert a sink ship , tut in my case , they be flocking on board . noodles * tes ; I read in the paper that you have get you troudle . but theo ... -.. when you get to the top , there be certain respousi - bility ... cartain risk . why didi you ask I ! to come , mister Bailey ? max the invitation do not mean a goddama ching . all that sount be what be in that suitcase . os max barely nod . max flare up . his tone and expression change . he sit at the other end of the table and look searca= ingly at noodles . noodles look at he and sgy nothing . max take a gun from he poc - ket . he glide the gun towards noodles across the mirrore gurface of the table . 313 noodles there be a uote , something about a job . but it do not gay who I be asuppose toe . max have not you figure it out ? boodles you , mister Bailey ? I bave not have a gun in my hand for many year . uy eye be not what they use to be , even with glass . my hand shake sometimes . I would a't want to miss , mister Bailey . max cut the comedy , noodle . T 'a already dead . I will never make it to the inve - tigating committee ; they be afraid I '11 implicate all ef they . they will set rid of I first . any day now , 80 do it , noodle . I can " accept it ' from you . av‘ least let I settle the debt I owe you . I find out where you be . I make you come here for this , ..$ of even up the score . | . -— _ then he point to a littl door set iavo the woodwork . hoodles ' eya drap to the gun . fad out of nowkere , of pachapa out of he deep Zont of nas — talgia and regret , tha joyful image tise like flower of the twirling figure of a waltz . Max ( cont , ) you can get out through there . it lead down to the gtraet . no ona will see you , m5 scene 157 | . i montage of memories . various location . the nusic of cockzye's fiute . max arrive on the over - lead wagon ... max and noodles as boy , om a ride at she amusement | park , iaughing and shouting as they push each other and . swing and tangle the chain and fly up into the air ... max , naked as he dive in among the color dalloon rise from the sea ... then , in a sharp , sudden cone trast : & corpse , disfigure to the point of unrecognition , stretch out on the street in the snow . a cop cover it with a sheet . a . jet of water wash the blood from the pavement ... scene 158 senator balley' study ( 1968 ) hooples lock up from the gun . his eye meet Max 's max look incredulous . he speak in a crescendo of grief and frustretion . noodles nake no sign of remember anything . noodles get up acd svart . slowly for the little door in the woodwork . née - Interior . night . noodles ( calmly ) I dontt know what you be talk about , mister Bailey . . Lou do not owe nme enything . : mae I ruin you life , noodle . for forty year , I have let you think you get I kill . you eye ' be too full of tear to see it be not I lie burn up on the street . and you be too conruse to realize that the cop be in on it too . that be con ~ bination territory , noodle . noodles you must be crazy , itister Bailey . Max you say that once before , noodle . I be never saner dn my life . I take you whole life away from you ; I have be live in you place . I take everything - you money , you girl ... what be you wait for ? ww . max look at he in dismay . noodles slowly shake he head . he open the little door , but turn back before go out . he go out . behind bin . max be alone . the door close 34 ? noodles it 's true , I have kill peo ~ ple , mister Bailey . some - time to defend myself ... other time I be hire , a lot of people come to we : dusinesa rival , partner , .- lover . sometimes we take the job , sometimes we do not . you ease be one we never would bave touch , mister Bailey . Max oe this be you revenge , be not it , nooile ? noodles no . it 's just that there 'a also my side to it , oy story it 's @ lot simpler than you many year ago I try to sava a friend of mine by turn bin in . he be a verv close friend . thing work we bad for he and for I . I hope the investigation turn out scod for you . it would be a shame if you would work fér ail of this for nothing . good night , mis - ter batley . scene 160 criwatown ( 1933 ) exterior . unset . it 's not longer the night of Senator Bailey 's party . I 's the third of December , 1933 , the night prohipi - tion go out for good . and the street be no longer a shady boule - vard in a ritzy pesidential section , '' but Chinatown , where the you nocdle acby along varough a crowd of frantic drunk . he 's unsnaven , he eye ara rimmed with red , jndcer hia arm he carry the newsoaper that announce she death of he friend , he lock destroy . people bump inte sim , offer he a drink , < a gauae of ring - round - the- tosyy catch nim in vhe middle and block bis way . move like a robot , he try to free rinseil from bis captor , who take hiz for just another drunk , and laugh and acck 4in . once rid of they , he avoid 's saiicr and sig girl whe sry zo gsag hin along with then , find a door , open it . and slip inside , leave ddebind chac , excitement , and deli - rious happiness . '' ony scene 167 shadcw puppet theater ( 1933 ) Interior . the drowsy rhytkn of the genelin @reet hin , ' there be only a few spectatcr in the chinese theater , some sleep , some stare dully at the whice screen where rama and ' ravana , in elegant outline , act out they formal struggle of good and evil . noodles head up the narrow stairway at the back of the room , so the epium de upstairs . 901 sunset . 322 scene 762 / optum dex ( 1933 ) Interior . sunset . the old chinese lady géreet hin , in a moment se 's stretch out on a mattress and drag deep on a long-stezned aipe . ' he hold the snoke in he lung for a leng tine before let be spiral cause and up towards the ceiling . the smcke be harsh and kind ard cleanse . it wipe out memory , strife , mistake ... and tin , can a ''