american sniper written by Jason Hall base on the book by Chris Kyle with Scott mcewen and Jim defelice all give some . some give all . 1 over black 1 the groan of tank tread drown out the call to prayer as a entire marine company advance over the top of we . 2 ext . STREET , fallujah , iraq - day 2 the sun melt over squat residence on a narrow street . marine company creep toward we like a cautious goliath . foot soldier walk alongside Humvees and tank . commanding officer ( os ) ( radio chatter ) Charlie bravo -3 , we get eye on you from the east . clear to proceed , over . 3 ext . rooftop , " overwatch " - same 3 Sun glint off a slab of corrugate steel . beneath it -- CHRIS kyle lay prone , dick in the dirt , eye to the glass of a .300 win- mag sniper rifle . he 's Texas stock with a boyish grin , blondish goatee and vital blue eye . both that eye be open as he track the scene below , sweat he ass off in the shade of steel . CHRIS kyle Fucking hot box . goat ( 24 , Arkansas Marine ) lie beside he , woodsy and outspoken , watch dirt -devil swirl in the street . goat dirt over here taste like dog shit . CHRIS kyle I guess you would know . goat balk and fix he m4 on the rooftop door . CHRIS scope Pov track across bomb - out building , twisted metal and golden - dome mosque . ragged curtain flutter out a window . cat-tail on the river sway the same direction . we see he study windage ; we see what he 's think -- sfx : a low frequency buzz escalate over picture as he concentration deepen . cross-hair land on -- a man on cell phone watch the convoy from a rooftop . ( 03.18.14 ) 2. CHRIS kyle ( key mike ) I get a military - age male , on a cell phone , watch the convoy . over . commanding officer ( os ) if you think he 's report troop movement you have a green-light . you call . over . goat ( oc ) he could be call he old lady . man on cell study the convoy , he hair toss by wind . cross -hair push leave of target , compensate for windage . sfx : Chris take a deep inhale , hold it , then expel . his finger be take up trigger - slack when the man dip he shoulder slightly . Chris hold off as -- man on cell hang up and step away . CHRIS kyle ( key mike ) he step off . Chris suck air . Close . the ambient world flood back in . bark order , diesel engine and -- a woman and kid exit the same structure . they be head up the sidewalk but cut sharply into the street . CHRIS kyle ( key mike ) hold up . I get a woman and a kid , 200 yard out , move toward the convoy . ( ecu ) -- the woman cradle something beneath she robe . CHRIS kyle her arm be not swinging . she 's carry something . cross -hair on woman as she pull a cylindrical object from she robe . his vision obscure but -- CHRIS kyle she just pull a grenade . a rkg Russian grenade . I think she give it to the kid . commanding officer ( os ) -- you say a woman and kid ? ( 03.18.14 ) 3. sfx : he heart - beat , thump - thump thump - thump thump -thump . CHRIS kyle you get eye on this ? can you confirm ? commanding officer ( os ) negative . you know the roe . you call . goat ( oc ) they fry you if you be wrong . send you ass to Leavenworth . the kid move toward the convoy with the grenade . CHRIS kyle ( oc ) fuck -- mother motion the kid to hurry along ( ecu ) -- she robe flutter , trash blow in the street , the dust off she son 's footstep ; all blow the same direction . the kid sprint toward the Marines . in the STREET young marine . wading into war . boot scuffing dirt . close on CHRIS his exhale hiss from tobacco-stained tooth . breathe it down . he struggle to get calm , fight for control . sfx : thump - thump thump - thump thump -- cross -hair leave of the run target , lead he , compensate for a dozen different consideration as -- he pause upon exhale . the world go quiet . landscape pulse with color and focus . he stoke the trigger and -- the bullet leap from the barrel . crack like a whip . the .300 round hurl forward , glint as it enter the flesh of -- a white - tail buck it stagger , draw and topple to the ground . we be -- 4 ext . hill , west TEXAS - pre-dawn 4 a field shroud in fog . CHRIS kyle ( 8 ) jump from a deer blind , innocent and excited , run toward the buck . ( 03.18.14 ) 4. man' voice get back here . Chris stop , turn back . wayne kyle , he father , be sturdy and earnest with mutton chop and Texas calm . wayne do not ever leave you gun in the dirt . CHRIS yes , sir . wayne helluva shot , son . you get a gift . you be gonna make a fine hunter someday . Chris nod , clear -ey , as if hearing the whisper of destiny . he grab the .30 - 06 , run again , bound to -- the buck glassy brown eye look up at Chris . it 's still alive . wayne everything die to give life . CHRIS can it see I ? wayne it 's a deer , son . Chris process he first kill , watch as -- ( ecu ) a flea crawl around the animal 's inner-ear . wayne kyle ( hand he hunt knife ) you shot it , you deal with it . Chris straddle the deer . it try to gouge he . he look frighten but drag the blade across its neck . 5 omitted 5 6 int . church 6 a Protestant church . CHRIS be dress in Sunday best , shuffle page of a little blue bible to create breeze . ( 03.18.14 ) 5 . pastor we do not see with he eye so we do not know the glory of he plan . we life unfold before we like puzzle reflection in a mirror . but on the day we rise , we will see with clarity and understand the mystery of he way -- jeff ( 6 ) , he reedy little brother , watch Chris slip the Bible in he pocket . Jeff laugh and get smack by -- debbie , they mother . she wear big oval glass and run a wayward - boy home with that same steady hand . 7 omitted 7 8 int . CHRIS ' bedroom 8 Dust mote drift across a dresser , settling on a pop - Warner football , that blue bible , and metallic toy soldier guard the bullet case from he first buck . wayne kyle ( vo ) there be three type of people in this world . sheep , wolf and sheepdog . push through the modest ranch house into -- 9 int . dine room 9 wayne lecture he boy over venison . wayne kyle some people prefer to believe that evil do not exist in the world , and if it ever darken they doorstep they would not know how to protect themselves ... that be the sheep . Jeff bite back tear . Chris look troubled . 10 ext . schoolyard 10 from the back , we watch a big bully pummel a kid on the ground . his meaty fist come down repeatedly as -- wayne kyle ( vo ) then you get predator who use violence to prey on the weak . they be the wolf . ( 03.18.14 ) 6. kid on the ground be jeff , he nose bloody . push toward the fight --( ecu ) blood fleck fly from the bully 's fist . wayne kyle ( vo ) then there be that bless with the gift of aggression and a overpower need to protect the flock . a fist connect with big bully 's temple . he go down . Chris stand over the bully , beat the tar out of he . wayne kyle ( vo ) this man be the rare breed that live to confront the wolf -- 11 ext . field 11 CHRIS stand with he arm extend . wind blow dirt off he palm and it plume out across the land . wayne kyle ( vo ) they be the sheepdog . 12 int . dine room 12 wayne remove he belt and lay it on the table . CHRIS look at it , worried . wayne kyle now we be not raise any sheep in this family and I will whoop you ass if you turn into a wolf -- debby Wayne -- wayne but we take care of we own . and if someone pick a fight with you or bully you brother , you have my permission to finish it . CHRIS the guy be pick on Jeff . wayne kyle that true ? jeff ( eye swollen ) yes sir ... yes , he be ... ( 03.18.14 ) 7. wayne kyle ( turn to Chris ) and do you finish it ? Chris show the swollen knuckle of he hand , and nod . wayne then you know who you be ... 13 ext . barn 13 a grown man ( CHRIS ) exit the barn into the light of day . behind he , horn of dozen of buck cover the wall . wayne ( vo ) you know you purpose . the barn door close leave we in brindle darkness . " american sniper " 14 ext . rodeo arena 14 a hand grip the tie on a bronc . CHRIS sit bareback atop the horse , its nostril steaming , eye shock wide . ( ecu ) -- a hair-line crack along its right front hoof . buzzer sound . gate open . the bronco leap out . empty stand blur past . the bronc and Chris united in a futile struggle . he lean right , the bronc circle right , stay off that bad hoof . Chris make the buzzer but -- he get toss on dismount . the bronco stomp he hand . he scramble out of the ring as rodeo clowns distract it . find jeff ( 19 ) ringside , with tight lip and severe eye . he look over the empty arena , laugh . 15 int . ford truck 15 headlights rattle over a dirt road . jeff drive . CHRIS ride , bag of ice on hand , belt buckle prize on the dash . he stare into the field where a wild horse , race alongside they , a spectral image in the darkness . jeff be not nobody there and you come away with a belt buckle too damn big to wear . what you suppose to do with it ? ( 03.18.14 ) 8. CHRIS ( grab belt buckle ) you be suppose to get laid with it . I be gonna wear it in and see if it put Sarah in the mood . jeff a strong wind would put Sarah in the mood . CHRIS be that what they say ? jeff you know what they call she in high school -- CHRIS do not say it . jeff Sarah suck -a -- Chris swing he bag of ice , smack Jeff in the face . jeff shit man -- he swerve off the road . the truck almost come apart before he ramp back up , come to a dusty halt outside -- 16 ext . bunkhouse 16 Spanish moss hang over a shackle - board residence . Chris tumble out the truck , clip on the belt buckle and -- 17 int . bunkhouse 17 CHRIS swagger into the narrow bunkhouse . a sheet hang in back , separate sleep area from live area . CHRIS who want to hump a rodeo star ? Movement back there . a man ass suddenly protrude from the curtain as a burly cowboy - type climb into jeans . CHRIS what the fuck -- sarah step out , he high school sweetheart all grow up . ( 03.18.14 ) 9. sarah you say you be not come home until tomorrow . CHRIS ( wounded ) why would you do this ? cowboy leave he shirt open flaunt a big hairy chest . sarah just let he out . he do not know ... CHRIS ( shame , step aside ) you do not know ? cowboy do not answer . Chris slam he head into the refrigerator and ramp he out the front door . sarah what the fuck be wrong with you ! what would you expect ? you drag I out here then run off with you damn brother every weekend ! CHRIS get out . she jump at the chance -- rip clothes out of closet . sarah you think you be a cowboy cause you rodeo ? you be no cowboy . you be just a lousy ranch -hand and a shitty fuckin lay ! the door slam behind she . Chris stare at the dent in the fridge , wounded . he open it and pull out a beer . 18 later 18 tv play across Chris ' drunken face . he lay on the sofa , a beer on he chest . jeff be sprawle in a chair . jeff some people be not worth fight for . CHRIS but she be right ... jeff ( close he eye ) a job be a job . at least we be outside . ( 03.18.14 ) 10 . Chris be bleary , lose and drift to sleep . the image on the tv do not immediately register but -- news footage of the world trade CENTER bombing ( 1993 ) play on tv . a explosion have demolish the garage . news anchor ( os ) -- group of radical militant call Al - Qaeda be take credit for a bombing that leave six dead and hundred injure -- american flag at half mast . his chest rise and fall -- CHRIS Jeff , wake up . look at this -- the face of innocent victims play across the screen . Chris ' injure hand slowly curl into a fist . CHRIS look what they do ... 19 int . navy recruiting office 19 poster of destroyer on wall . the navy recruiter be lean and shrewd . CHRIS I see what they do , on we soil , and -- navy recruiter and you be from Texas and you be a patriot so it piss you off . CHRIS yes , sir . but I can not see myself on a ship . I would wanna be in the fight -- navy recruiter you wanna fight ? meet the warrior elite . he slide he a brochure - - " navy seal " emerge from the water , armed and bound for glory . CHRIS kyle seal ? navy recruiter Sea , Air and land . CHRIS I be not much of a swimmer -- ( 03.18.14 ) 11 . navy recruiter ( take brochure back ) this be not for the faint of heart . most man wash - out . they quit -- CHRIS ( cut he off ) I be not most man , sir . I do not quit . 20 omitted 20 21 omitted 21 22 ext . naval special warfare CENTER / " the grinder " - day 22 CHRIS and 50 other candidate lay on they back do flutter - kick on a patch of blacktop surround by beige building . instructor wield hose . instructor rolle ( spray Chris in the face ) you a quitter , boy ? CHRIS kyle no , sir ! instructor rolle bullshit , you be fleet - meat . do not turn away . look up and take it . you be old as fuck . do you join the navy cause you have such a good time on noah 's Arc ? how old be you ? CHRIS 30 , sir . instructor rolle 30 ! you fart dust and could have fathere half this boy . you think cause you have a pop-gun back in Texas you be cut out to be a seal ? CHRIS no , sir . instructor rolle no , you be not cut out to be one ? Chris be twisted in agony and clearly dislike the water . ( 03.18.14 ) 12 . instructor rolle what kind of asshole join the navy but hate the water . CHRIS I love water , hooyah . instructor rolle my ass you do . a candidate choke a giggle . rolle wheel around on -- ryan job ( 24 ) , a goofy , overweight Oregon kid who look like he should be take order at a drive - through window . instructor rolle be that you giggle you fat fuck ? look at you . you be so fat they have to baptize you at Sea World . you momma fat too ? ryan no sir , she 's not . instructor rolle do not lie to I ! I bet we could use she panty as a parachute . what the fuck be you do here fatboy ? do you foot get wet when you shower ? when 's the last time you see you pecker ? you be not a seal , you be a fuckin Walrus . a big giggle Walrus . " biggles " that 's you new name -- " biggle " be choke , cough , struggle . rolle point to a brass bell mount on the back of a truck . instructor rolle -- and that 's you ticket home . just drag you jelly - roll ass up and ring it and you will be head home to momma shamu . biggle be beat , leg give out , ready to quit when -- CHRIS ( oc ) ( draw rolle off biggles ) two hundred . instructor rolle ( whirl around , hose ) do I ask you to count ? CHRIS no , sir . ( 03.18.14 ) 13 . instructor rolle be that you ass talk then ? the bell ring . Chris jerk up , worried it be biggles but -- a athletic candidate stagger off . instructor rolle that 's a quitter . if he quit here , he will quit in battle . when shit get hairy he can not step up . you get shot , he can not pull you out . we be gonna weed out the quitter and see if we can find a warrior or two . Chris and biggles share a look , a vow , as -- instructor rolle Wave goodbye to the sun , boy ... 23 omitted 23 24 ext . beach - " snake pit " - night 24 a bonfire crackle atop a sand dune . candidate crouch in a pit they dig , hugging oar , shiver with hypothermia . CHRIS stand over the ditch , try to make instructor laugh to earn a place by the fire beside biggle . CHRIS -- and when I tell she the condom break she start cry and begging I to do something . and I be a virgin , I do not know what to do , but I would hear if you pour Coke up there you will not get pregnant -- ( guy start laugh ) so we go to 7 - 11 , get a liter of Coke and drive back into the wood . she take she panty off and do a handstand against a tree but when I start pour , she start scream , " it sting , it sting " but when I would stop , she would scream " no do not stop " and it 's fizzing out and -- instructor in stitches . Fire flicker off Chris ' face . 25 ext . " mud flat " - day 25 fog shroud candidate cover in mud , seat belly - to - back , chatter and quaking , hypothermic . " instructor tony " ( 34 ) , a salty cholo , walk they line . ( 03.18.14 ) 14 . instructor " tony " you really from Connecticut , dauber ? I never meet a hick from hartford . " dauber " be 6 '4 " and 240 with a flop of yellow hair like the character from coach . a sleepy Connecticut cowboy . dauber country be countrywide , sir . instructor " tony " I do not think he like black dude , " D " . " D " be African american , from Indiana , stoic and stack . he have a rhythmic grumble and a meat-eater 's glare . " D " that 's alright , sir . I be not black . instructor " tony " no ? " D " no , I be new black . we run slow , jump low , swim good and shop at gap . we make white folk proud then hose they lady . " biggle " still giggle , but he 's look fit as they chip away everything that be not a navy seal . instructor " tony " you hungry biggles ? I would bet you would eat the ass out of a low - fly duck . biggle hooyah . I would toss that critter shitter on a baguette and get my eat on . " squirrel " be a San clemente surfer kid , just tall enough to ride roller - coaster , with a jutty jaw . instructor " tony " ( scream in he face ) squirrel ! where would you hide you nut ? squirrel nut crawle up inside . the little shit be go for good . " CHRIS " sit up front , cover in mud . his eye burn steely blue , full of resolve . he 's find himself here . instructor " tony " how about you old man ? how you feel ? ( 03.18.14 ) 15 . CHRIS kyle dangerous , sir . feeling dangerous . the boy send up a spirite " hooyah " and -- tony look they over with some small measure of approval . 26 ext . beach - sunset 26 the instructor cadre watch 32 candidate swarm each other , howling and dog-pile at the end of hell - week . 27 omitted 27 28 omitted 28 29 int . muloney' bar - night 29 a crowd watch the boy toss dart at a bull - eye draw on dauber be naked back . at the bar , biggle and CHRIS -- CHRIS I be gonna try and get into sniper school . biggle can you shoot ? CHRIS I can hunt . and what 's cooler than be a sniper ? biggle blow shit up . blow shit up be way cooler . a brunette step to the bar . a sharp object with heavy eye -shadow and tight leather pants . this girl own she sexuality but she 's often be use for it . this be " taya " . she be try to ignore the advance of a short navy guy but he 's relentless . Chris watch as ( ecu ) -- taya 's fingertip whiten , grip she glass . Chris edge closer , she look up , defensive -- but he just stand there , let he protective presence be feel . dapper navy guy ( oc ) come on , just let I buy you a drink . ( 03.18.14 ) 16 . taya ( end of she rope ) will a drink make you 6 inch taller and charming ? will it make you not marry ? dapper navy guy I be not -- taya I watch you take you ring off . do not be a scumbag . go home . navy guy retreat . taya sip she scotch , do not look up . CHRIS it could be the leather pants . taya yeah ? what kind of pants do a girl have to wear to be leave alone ? CHRIS corduroy . she take he in . loose sweatshirt , no hair gel . taya be that how it be with you guy -- suddenly single after three beer ? CHRIS only thing that happen to I after three beer be a fourth . taya that 's great . a real red-neck . CHRIS I be no redneck , I be a Texan . taya what 's the difference ? CHRIS we ride horse , they ride they cousin . taya ( almost laugh ) what do you do for work ? you look like military . ( 03.18.14 ) 17 . CHRIS I polish dolphin . they have to be polished in captivity or they skin disintegrate . taya do I look stupid to you ? CHRIS to be honest , you look a little sad . she 's take aback by he observation . CHRIS so be I tall enough to buy you a drink ? taya not until you tell I what you do . CHRIS how about this : one shot , one answer . Chris pass she a shot . she throw it back , fierce . taya you be obviously military . what branch ? CHRIS I be just finish bud / S. taya be you kid I ? you be a seal ? CHRIS that be two question ... taya ( two angry shot ) I know all about you guy . my sister be engage to a seal . CHRIS what 's that mean you know all about we ? taya you be a bunch of arrogant , self - center prick who think you can lie and do whatever the fuck you want . ( push he a shot ) I would never date a seal . ( 03.18.14 ) 18 . CHRIS ( confuse ) how can you say we be self - center ? I would lay down my life for my country . taya why ? CHRIS Cause it 's the great country on earth and I believe it 's worth protect . ( climb off stool ) I be sorry this guy hurt you sister but that 's not I . Nice talk to you . taya where be you go ? CHRIS you say you would never date a seal , so I be go home . taya I say I would never marry one . it 's a lie and they both know it . CHRIS well in that case ... what 's you name ? taya taya . CHRIS Nice to meet you , taya . I be Chris Kyle . taya ( liquor soften she ) pretty egotistical of you to think you can protect we all , be not it Chris ? CHRIS we instructor say we biggest enemy be ego , liquor , and woman . taya sound like you be under attack . she level a look and downs another shot -- ( 03.18.14 ) 19 . 30 ext . mulroney' bar , parking lot - later 30 mist roll in . Chris hold taya 's hair as she puke . she take a deep breath , wipe she mouth -- taya -- I be not go home with you so do not even think about it . she smile , then turn to puke again -- 31 ext . range - " sniper school " - camp billy machen - day 31 a arid range with human-shaped target . petty officer tosh ( irish / japanese , nasty ) walk past prone student . po tosh feel breath fill every cell of you body . this be we ritual . we master we breath , we master we mind --- find CHRIS on .300 win-mag . both eye open . dip pack . deep breath . his finger take up the trigger - slack . po tosh -- pull the trigger will become a unconscious effort . you will be aware of it but not direct it . and as you exhale , find you natural respiratory pause and the space between heart - beat . Chris exhales , pause , stroke -- bam ! 32 int . doctor' office 32 a zoloft brochure show smile face . taya wear a suit - skirt and try to mimic the esprit of the brochure . she leave a box of sample with the receptionist but she smile fade as she pull she trolley to the door -- 33 int . taya' condo - day 33 blade of light leak through close blind . taya hide under blanket on the sofa . phone ring , go to message : CHRIS ( os ) it 's I again . the guy whose shoe you puke on ? I be think maybe you do not get my last message . or the one before that . so , I figure -- ( 03.18.14 ) 20 . she snatch up the phone -- taya you figure what ? -- look for a reason not to be alone . 34 ext . range - camp billy machen - day 34 on CHRIS , both eye open look downrange . po tosh ( oc ) aim small , miss small . if you aim for he shirt button , you might miss by two inch . if you aim for he shirt , you miss by two foot . ( over Chris , raise binoc ) you better close that grouping , Kyle . Chris chase he breath , try to focus , but -- 35 ext . oceanside pier - dusk 35 pan across a " target shoot " game to a bench overlook surf . CHRIS and taya sit with a giant teddy bear . taya do you always want to be a soldier ? CHRIS I want to be a cowboy -- but I do that and I feel like I be mean for more . taya so you start rescue girl from bar ? CHRIS I rescue that bar from you . she smile at he sweetness . CHRIS do you like country music ? taya only when I be depressed . CHRIS you want kid ? ( 03.18.14 ) 21 . taya someday . my mom say I have a nose for pick the wrong man . CHRIS that 's a shitty thing to tell a girl . taya I have prove she right . CHRIS but that wrong pick put you here . they make you who you be . and I like who you be . the ferris wheel cast its glow on they . taya what happen when there 's a real person on the other end of that gun ? CHRIS ( uncertain ) I do not know ... I just pray I can do my job if that day come . it weigh on he . and she feel safe . back to : 35a ext . range - camp billy machen 35 a po tosh ( on spot scope ) stand over CHRIS . mirage boil off the horizon at 35 degree angle , push by wind . bam ! Chris ' shot hit the outer edge of target . po tosh mirage be boil at 35 degree angle . CHRIS check . I be dial for windage . po tosh hold right - four , up -two . bam ! he miss . it spit dirt . not even close . po tosh be we look at the same target ? ( 03.18.14 ) 22. 36 int . taya' condo - night 36 CHRIS sit on the couch , anxious , until taya appear in the hall in lingerie . she slink closer , straddle he , determine to blow he mind but -- CHRIS you be tremble ... taya I know . I do not ... she find he eye . find she breath . CHRIS we do not have to do this ... taya I want to . I do ... he gently lift she up and lay she across the couch . another angle Soft light on pale body . taya writhes with impatient long but Chris ' steady hand force she into the present . she 's sweep up , eye fill with tear as he ease into she -- she gasp and arc and draw he deeper . 36a ext . range - camp billy machen 36 a po tosh stand over CHRIS , feed up now . po tosh you need to shut you off -eye . CHRIS if I close my off - eye I can not see what 's out there . po tosh ( oc ) there be nothing out there but a target . CHRIS negative . there 's something -- CHRIS Pov ( both eye view ) the circular scope float over the target . Left of scope , a swatch of grass do not sway like the rest . ( 03.18.14 ) 23. po tosh give I 50 push-up . clear and safe . push `em out . the scope drift leave of target -- bam ! a rattlesnake be flung through the air , blow to shit , 500 yard out . CHRIS there it be . he set the rifle aside and start cranking out push-up . 37 omitted 37 38 omitted 38 39 int . bedroom - morning 39 ethereal white sheet . two body lay like spoon . Chris whisper something . taya close she eye . a beat -- taya you hardly even know I . CHRIS I know enough . you be a package deal , babe . she stare at the wall . CHRIS what be you afraid of ? taya nothing . everything . I do not know . what if it do not work out ? she move to stand . he hold she put . CHRIS I be go to marry you , and we be go to start a family . taya you get it all plan out , do not you . CHRIS I love you . I be do . ( 03.18.14 ) 24 . taya ( crush by he sincerity ) well ... you be gonna need a ring if you want to talk all tough like that . she accept with a deep kiss and prance off with the sheet . he smile and fall back onto the bed . the curtain dance in the morning light . then -- taya ( os ) oh my god ! no ! Chris -- Chris bound up , run into the next room . taya stand in front of the television . they both watch as -- on tv news : the second plane hit the World Trade Center . it steal they breath . Chris hug she close , try to shield she from it . his shock bleed to rage . 40 omitted 40 40a omitted 40 a 41 omitted 41 41 omitted 41 42 omitted 42 43 int . dance floor , rent-a-yatch - later 43 the storm close in . CHRIS two -step taya around the dance floor to Van morrison 's romantic " someone like you . " Chris look boyish and dapper and taya be flush with beauty and promise . the moment be quietly sincere with the entire wedding party watch when -- taya ( she hand smudge with paint ) what the hell be on you neck ? she pull at he collar to reveal GREEN spray - paint upside he neck . CHRIS would you believe I if I tell you I be paint green and on a iv two hour ago ? ( 03.18.14 ) 25 . taya what do you -- then she see biggle , dauber , " D " and squirrel roll with laughter at the bar , and remember who she marry . CHRIS ( smile ) Package deal babe . he dance she away from they and pull he jacket aside , flash he boy the trident pin to he chest . at the bar tony bowl up ; once they instructor , now they Chief . " D " what 's the word , Chief ? tony ( look they over ) it 's on boy . just get the call . they hoist they drink , bark approval , " hooyah ! " on dance floor taya see the nod from biggles to Chris , we be go . she tense up in he arm , she foot grow heavy . CHRIS they say it will be over in 6 week . taya I be so afraid . CHRIS do not be afraid . it 's all part of the plan . he pull she close , he eye fix on someone else -- taya you heart be beat out of you chest . CHRIS ( nod , look past she ) I be not the only one go to war . jeff kyle stand on the rail in marine dress uniform . ( 03.18.14 ) 26 . cake cutting - evening the boat rock on choppy water . taya dab cake on Chris 's nose and they kiss . the boom of distant firework be follow by AIR - raid siren as shock &amp ; awe hit Baghdad . CUT to black . chyron : " operation phantom FURY : 2nd battle of fallujah " marc lee ( pre - lap ) welcome to Fallujah . the new wild west of the old middle east . 44 int . m-113 armore personnel carrier , fallujah - day 44 soldier sit elbow to elbow . 6 seal sniper and a squad of marine to watch they back . CHRIS tuck the little blue Bible and american flag and into he webbing then remove he wedding band , hang it from he necklace . marc lee ao2 ( 26 ) be a poster - boy navy seal , soulful and handsome . he glow like a halo in a river full of shit . marc lee aqi have put a price on you head and extremist from around the globe be flooding the border to collect on it . the rig hit a pothole and face clench expect a ied . marc lee you sniper will be pair with a man to watch you back and insert along the main road to do " overwatch " for 1st Marines go door to door . you job be to protect that Marines at all cost . the truck battle to a stop . marc lee the city be evacuate . any military - age male still here , be here to kill you . let 's bring this boy in safe and get we ass back home . move -- the hatch fall open -- 45 ext . hospital , northern bridge , fallujah 45 a gunmetal sky . the staccato pop of gunfire in the distance . sniper and support cross a orchard . ( 03.18.14 ) 27 . CHRIS walk upright . the Marine pair with Chris be a mouthy Arkansas boy , " winston " , skitter tree to tree . winston keep you head down , tex . the muj ' get sniper too . CHRIS a sniper will not aim for you head . a dozen marine be post outside a apartment complex . winston they get this sniper that 's be hit headshot from 500 yard out -- 46 int . apartment complex 46 a open atrium eight storey tall . CHRIS and winston walk past a giant pile of furniture and debris toss down . winston ( cont 'd ) -- they call he " mustafa . " he be in the Olympic . CHRIS they get sniping in the Olympic now ? they start up the stair . 46a omitted 46a 47 int . apartment , sixth floor 47 Chris walk from apartment to apartment , some vandalize , other untouched , check sight - line out window . winston ( trail Chris ) what be we look for ? CHRIS you ever hunt ? winston I be not that kind of red-neck . he unzip and peel off into the bathroom . ( 03.18.14 ) 28. winston ( os ) fuck , fuck -- winston fire two round in the bathroom . Chris pull a Springfield .45 as -- a goat bound out of the bathroom , run out the apartment door and leap over the railing , fall six floor . railing CHRIS and winston look down to the lobby , where Marines stand around the dead goat . CHRIS ( laugh ) you just get you first kill , goat . " goat " ( not Winston ) will be he name from here out . CHRIS I be go to the roof . you stay here and be on the lookout for farm animal . 48 ext . rooftop / sniper nest - day 48 under a corrugate piece of steel , a ritual unfold -- Chris pack a dip . he lay out he Bible and flag . load bullet in a wrist-sheath . start to marshal he breath . time slow as he lower he eye to the glass . ( note : we be back to the beginning of the film . ) CHRIS scope Pov track across bomb - out building , twisted metal and golden - dome mosque . ragged curtain flutter out a window . cat-tail on the river sway the same direction . sfx : a low frequency buzz escalate over picture as he concentration deepen . cross-hair land on -- a man on cell phone watch the convoy from a rooftop . CHRIS kyle ( key mike ) I get a military - age male , on a cell phone , watch the convoy . over . ( 03.18.14 ) 29 . commanding officer ( os ) if he 's report troop movement you have a green-light . you call . over . man on cell study the convoy , he hair toss by wind . cross -hair push leave of target , compensate for windage . sfx : Chris take a deep inhale , hold it , then expel . his finger be take up trigger - slack when man on cell dip he shoulder , hang up and step away . CHRIS kyle ( key mike ) he step off . Chris suck air . Close . the ambient world flood back in . bark order , diesel engine and -- a woman and kid exit the same structure . they be head up the sidewalk but cut sharply into the street . CHRIS kyle hold up . I get a woman and a kid , move toward the convoy . ( ecu ) -- the woman cradle something beneath she robe . CHRIS kyle her arm be not swinging . she 's carry something . cross -hair on woman as she pull a cylindrical object . CHRIS kyle she just pull a grenade . a rkg Russian grenade . I think she give it to the kid . commanding officer ( os ) -- you say a woman and kid ? sfx : he heart - beat , thump - thump thump - thump thump -thump . CHRIS kyle you get eye on this ? can you confirm ? over . commanding officer ( os ) negative . you know the roe . you call . goat ( oc ) they fry you if you be wrong . send you ass to Leavenworth . ( 03.18.14 ) 30 . the kid move toward the convoy with the grenade . CHRIS kyle ( oc ) fuck -- mother motion he to hurry along ( ecu ) -- she robe flutter , trash blow in the street , the dust off she son 's footstep ; all blow the same direction . the kid sprint toward the Marines . in the STREET young marine . wading into war . boot scuffing dirt . close on CHRIS his eye water with focus , he exhale hiss from tobacco - stain tooth . breathe it down . he struggle to get calm . sfx : thump - thump thump - thump thump -- cross-hair leave of the run target , lead he , compensate for a dozen different consideration as -- he pause upon exhale . the world go quiet . landscape pulse with color and focus . he stoke the trigger and -- the bullet leap from the barrel . crack like a whip . the .300 round hurl forward , glint as it enter the flesh of -- close on CHRIS he wince , sicken , and struggle to swallow the little piece of he that just die . goat ( oc ) - fuck that be gnarly . CHRIS scope Pov mother flee down sidewalk , robe aflutter . cross -hair lead she . bam . it pock wall behind she . a round eject . cross-hair swing forward , lead she more . bam . she run into scope , reach center , meet bullet . a red mist . goat ( oc ) shit yeah . evil bitch ! commanding officer ( os ) Nice shoot , tex . helluva call . ( 03.18.14 ) 31 . company commander ( os ) Roger that . good lookin ' out navy . goat you hear that ? he nudge Chris , try to get a celebration out of he -- CHRIS get the fuck off I . this be the reality of war . not like he anticipate . close on CHRIS breath racing . bleed sweat . try to process he disgust . try to inject some purpose , mumble : protect the Marines . protect the Marines . protect ... Cloud crawl over Chris like ghost , swirl feverishly as hour slide by . his face take on a preternatural blankness as he begin to slip into the shadow of self . suddenly -- cloud halt , pupil flare , chest inflate . 49 ext . elizabeth STREET - same 49 Sun flare as marc lee advance alongside 1st platoon marine ( 40 man ) when -- a shot sound . a body tumble out of the sky and land in they midst with a meaty thud . 1st marine # 1 - fuck , man ! what the hell -- the Marines duck for cover then look to the sky -- 1st marine # 2 - where would it come from ? marc lee that 's you overwatch , Einstein . you can thank he later . keep move . Marines slowly return to stand , glance up at surround structure try to spot they protector . 50 int . window - late afternoon 50 Chris lay atop a baby crib . a scrim hang in front of he . sunlight burn through it , casting a thousand pinprick of light across he face . SUN march across the sky and pixel twist over he cataleptic shape . ( 03.18.14 ) 32 . suddenly -- sun halt , chest inflate , eye flare . 51 int . STREET - same 51 a car speed toward 1st platoon . marine open fire with the feeble pop - pop of m4 . the car still come -- a sniper shot boom across the sky like thunder . the windshield spider , blood splatter , and the car stop . as Marines search rooftop for he -- the car explode . 52 int . looted room , elizabeth STREET - evening 52 CHRIS plant a loop-hole charge at the base of the wall and step around the corner to trigger the charge . CUT between : int . hallway , down elizabeth STREET - same Black robe draw across mosaic tile as " phantom sniper " slip down a hallway . a dragunov sniper rifle over shoulder , he hear the loop -hole charge detonate nearby and turn , enter a tile washroom to he leave . this be " mustafa " . looted room / CHRIS CHRIS lay he kit in front of the blast-hole : gun , flag , Bible . pack a dip , elbow meet cement , eye meet glass -- washroom / mustafa mustafa lay in front of a mortar-hole . in a leather satchel : ammo , oil , cell phone . his eye meet glass -- looted room CHRIS find he stillness . the instant he do -- shadow creep over he and night swallow the room . 53 ext . elizabeth STREET - night 53 a palm tree burn like a candle over Fallujah . below it , head - lamp dance chaotic as viper team marine exit a house spray-paint " X " on the gate . ( 03.18.14 ) 33. marine viper # 1 -- hot as bigfoot 's ballsack over here . ( knock on next gate ) derka , derka , derka .... marine viper laugh , bowl into a courtyard . CHRIS scope Pov ( N /v ) glow green hue . cross -hair track the Marines entry , sweep the street and push toward the rooftop , when -- a shot sound . a marine fall in a 2nd story window . marine viper # 4 ( os ) ( over radio ) -- fuck ! man down ! it come through the window -- cross-hair whip across rooftop , on a swivel . CHRIS ( oc ) that be sniper fire . shooter be on we side of Elizabeth street . over . marine viper CO ( os ) negative . East side of Elizabeth be lock - down . over . viper Marines drag the soldier out . in the phosphorous green glow , we watch he body tremor as he die . sfx : CHRIS ' elevate heartbeat pound over scene as -- washroom mustafa flee down the hall . a flutter shadow in darkness , except for the reflective swoosh on he nike . looted room Chris lay on the gun , brow pinch with onus , silence like a scream . this happen on my watch . CHRIS scope Pov ( N /v ) cross -hair track across the city -scape . time lapse and the world ( in scope ) speed up . Humvees and tank streak past , light blur , tree blow in choppy havoc , then -- time slow to a crawl as cross - hair find a male hurry into a alley , pull shit from a pack . we zero - in and -- a flame flicker . the male be smoking opium . ( 03.18.14 ) 34 . cross-hair drift off he and time speed up , dog eat a rotting body by the roadside , vicious in fast motion . two women wobble down the road with bucket , wind whip roadside grass into a tizzy and we halt on -- cross -hair on a perfect circle in the grass , a rifle - barrel ? stay on it . in stillness it find context ; a rusty pipe . time speed forward , two boy zip by on a vespa , old men frantically bow to mecca on rooftop . Cloud boil across dawn sky . his eye never leave glass . marc lee smell like piss in here . ( no response ) you cover we ass out there , man . appreciate it . that be ballsy shot . CHRIS kyle and they be clean . right ? marc lee Hell yeah , they be . CHRIS ( finally look up ) that sniper walk right up we ass . marc lee I chew out we security detail . it will not happen again . CHRIS my shooter statement be on the dresser . Marc Lee pick up a stack of yellow paper on the desk . marc lee six ? CHRIS should be eight . two get drag off . ( off Marc ) something wrong ? marc lee no ... but you get more kill than the rest of the sniper combine . Chris rub red " shooter 's strawberry " from he elbow . CHRIS they still get one of we guy . ( 03.18.14 ) 35 . marc lee you can not shoot what you can not see . Marc 's eye land on piss-stain cement where Chris lay ; this fucker do not take he eye off the glass all night . 54 ext . camp fallujah - forward operating base ( fob ) - evening 54 behind mile of wire , a twenty - acre base camp . aluminum trailer , shithouse and tent farm . a humvee pull past -- 55 int . charlie company barracks , camp fallujah - night 55 Chris step in , let the air-condition blow down on he . cot , locker and cruise - box line the room . biggles read a punisher graphic novel , do not look up . biggle Heard you get you dick wet . CHRIS where be everybody ? biggle we be just pick we dick here , training that fuck haji soldier . CHRIS why be not you out there ? biggle I get the shit . Marc Lee say you be on fuckin fire out there . CHRIS ( shed gear ) you still read comic book ? biggle it 's a fuckin graphic novel . talk to I , man . do you pop you cherry ? a heaviness fall over Chris , then slowly -- CHRIS this kid do not even have hair on he ball and he mom hand he a grenade -- send he run off to kill Marines . biggle ( see he hurt ) you see he ball ? ( 03.18.14 ) 36 . CHRIS it be evil , man . that be hate like I have never see it before . biggle that kid could have take out ten Marines -- CHRIS ( wrestle with it ) I know . biggle you do you job . end of fuckin story . CHRIS it 's just not how you imagine the first one go down . biggle how about the other one ? what about the other kill ? CHRIS the other one -- be righteous . like God be blow on my bullet . he 's joke but not . biggles smile , jealous . sniper sequence overwatch cross-hair land on insurgent with rifle ; insurgent peeping three time ; insurgent burying ied . bam-bam-bam . another sniper ( os ) -- that you again Kyle ? cross-hair be move , no answer follow . marine intel trailer Chris be cover in dust , sit in a small chair face two clean , well rest jag officer . jag officer we task here be to make sure every kill be a righteous kill and conform to roe . CHRIS by every kill , do you mean just we kill or you be monitoring the bad guy too ? ( 03.18.14 ) 37 . jag officer # 2 you score at sniper school be average at best , then you get here and you be just lighting the world on fire ? Chris open a plastic water bottle , sip it , wait -- CHRIS sorry , be that a question ? overwatch Chris take over for a marine sniper in a window . marine sniper have not see shit all day . maybe the war be over and they forget to tell we . Chris settles in , still go through he ritual when a insurgent cross the street with car battery and AK - 47 . CHRIS ( key mike ) I get a armed military - age male move tactically with a car battery . maybe he need a jump ? commanding officer ( os ) ( over radio ) negative . bomb maker . green-light . exhale , pause , pull . a shot ring out . marine sniper ( os ) ( just offstage ) -- be you fuck serious ? marine intel trailer CHRIS scrunches that empty water bottle , gratingly , as jag officer continue the interrogation : jag officer his wife say he be carry a Koran . CHRIS well , I do not know what a Koran look like but I can describe what he be carry -- it be press metal , fire 7.62 and look just like a AK - 47 . mess hall ( 03.18.14 ) 38 . CHRIS , biggle , D and dauber enter . eye find they , head nodd to Chris , that the guy ? Word spread . biggles see it , hop up on a chair -- biggle listen up lady and genitals . the legend here would like you to know that when it come to sniping it 's better to be lucky than good ! we boy here have a Texas horseshoe cramme so far up he ass that -- Chris fling a cafeteria tray at he head . 56 ext . rooftop - dawn 56 in murky predawn light , CHRIS sit on a satellite phone -- taya ( os ) have you kill anyone yet ? CHRIS that 's not how the call - home go , babe . taya ( os ) do not be weird with I . seriously . I want you to tell I everything . Chris cover the phone as distant gunfire chatter . inter -cut with : 57 int . CHRIS &amp ; taya' house , san diego - same 57 taya sit in front of a partially assemble baby - crib with a six month baby bump . she turn down the tv . CHRIS there be thing we can not say over the phone . taya ( playful ) you knock I up and now I be stick here by myself assemble baby - crib and you can not talk to I ? that 's the big plan ? he cross -hair track across a distant rooftop . sock sway from a clothesline in a 5 knot breeze . taya you guy almost do over there yet ? ( 03.18.14 ) 39 . CHRIS I can not stop think about that pink silky thing you wear on we honeymoon ... taya it 's call a nightgown . CHRIS yeah -- taya and three day be not a honeymoon . CHRIS it be a good three day . I miss you bad . taya ( curl up in chair ) you want I to talk dirty to you ? CHRIS yeah . but I get my gun in one hand and the phone in the other -- taya well , you will just have to decide what 's more important . CHRIS you be horny preggers . taya fat and horny . it 's kinda disgusting . CHRIS you could be 300 pound I would still do you . she 's touch , hormonal , start cry . taya - so romantic . CHRIS how 's my boy ? taya nobody say it 's a boy -- cross -hair track insurgent on the street ; then linger on a park car , measure distance by height -- CHRIS I can not wait to see the way you be with he . you be gonna be incredible . ( 03.18.14 ) 40 . taya ( harbor doubt ) how do you know ? CHRIS I just know . I can see it . taya I hope you be right . her face fall as -- tv news show the graphic of " american death toll in Iraq . " the number be 835 . taya ( suddenly ) do you dad get hold of you ? CHRIS I have not check any email . cross-hair follow insurgent as they slip out of view . taya shit . you need to call he . hang up and -- CHRIS what happen ? taya I be so selfish . I be not even think -- CHRIS taya . taya you little brother deploy . CHRIS what happen to jump school ? I think -- taya he do not get in . just call you dad -- CHRIS deploy where ? where 's he go ? taya over there . he 's head to Iraq . the news ricochet around inside he like razor blade . transition to : ( 03.18.14 ) 41 . five men in balaclavas stand over a american hostage in a orange jumpsuit . the thick jihadist leader draw a machete to behead he hostage . video pause . col . gronski ( oc ) the man with the blade be a jordanian radical fund by Bin Laden , train by Bin Laden and loyal to Bin Laden . 58 int . op brief tent - dawn 58 colonel gronski be a old - school bulldozer . 75 Marines study a old photo of al - zarqawi , bushy black eyebrow . col . gronski his name be " Zarqawi " and he be the prince of al - Qaeda in Iraq . aqi , he mercenary army , be 5000 strong . they be train well , pay well and wage the heaviest urban combat since Vietnam . find CHRIS in back , scan head for he brother Jeff . col . gronski Zarqawi and he lieutenant be we high priority . only way to root they out be to go house - to- house until we find they , or someone who will reveal they whereabouts . we need to clear ten structure a hour . it 's aggressive so we will loosen thing up with air support -- Chris look to Marc Lee , ten structure a hour ? 59 ext . camp fallujah - morning 59 the sun hang like a blood - clot in the sky . Chris and Marc Lee be walk , talking low -- CHRIS this Marines rush in like they be do , they will get they ass shot off . marc lee they're Marines . they do not get the training we do . half of they be civilian six month ago . Chris react , hearing he describe Jeff . ( 03.18.14 ) 42. CHRIS so let 's coach they up . I will show they how team guy do it and lead a unit in the street . marc lee can not do . we need you on overwatch . CHRIS but if I be down in the street -- marc lee House - to-house be the deadly job here . you get some kind of savior complex ? maybe . CHRIS I just wanna get the bad guy . and I can not shoot they if I can not see `em . marc lee you get a hot hand . this Marines all know you name now and they think they be invincible with you up there . CHRIS they be not -- marc lee they be if they believe they be . just keep bang on the long - gun and let this ground - pounder sniff out Zarqawi . Marc walk off leave Chris bite at a shamal wind . CUT to : a f-18 rip overhead fire 500lb jdam into the next block . smoke and dust billow outward -- 60 int . rooftop 60 under a flutter canopy , CHRIS lay on the gun , cursing zero visibility . goat camp nearby , on a gameboy . CHRIS you say that aqi sniper be in the Olympic -- but Iraq have not qualified a shooter in the last three game . goat mustafa 's not iraqi . he 's from Syria . ( 03.18.14 ) 43. Chris steal a glance at he , processing this as -- CHRIS scope Pov kilo company marine jog to a pink house with window board up . one of the Marines look like Jeff Kyle . CHRIS ( key mike ) once you make entry I can not see shit , so keep it slow and push through the target . " Jeff Marine " set a charge , turn -- not Jeff . the door blow off . Marines rush in . gunfire pop . Marines rush back out , drag a wounded marine . CHRIS fuck this -- I be go down to clear house with the Marines . you come ? goat no man . no . I like my life . I wanna make it home . I go fishing and do all kind of cool shit . it 's not my job to knock down door . that guy pick the wrong fuck job . I be not do that shit . CHRIS ( smile ) if I do not see you down there , you make sure I do not see you again . 61 int . STREET , soldier' district - minute later 61 kilo company fire on the structure . " cpt . gillespie " ( smart , sunburn ) be shouting " hold you fire " as -- CHRIS ( bowl up ) you wanna be a sniper ? swap I gun . " jeff " marine really ? CHRIS I will roll with you guy if that 's cool ? cpt . gillespie hey , any navy seal be cool by I . " thompson " ( big , wobbly voice ) nod , lug a m240g . ( 03.18.14 ) 44 . thompson you be that guy . they be call you the legend . you get like 24 confirm kill . he recognize he way to gain entry , so he play it up . CHRIS it 's 32 . but who 's count . thompson that 's badass . " sanchez " ( neck tattoo , Catholic ) chime in . sanchez there 's some boy in bravo catch up . CHRIS kyle ( pack a dip ) y'all be meateater for sure but I get a little training I could show you , some simple shit , that might just keep we above ground . what do you say ? his need to protect cloak beneath cool cowboy calm . 62 omitted 62 63 ext . michigan STREET - outside the wire - day 63 kilo company be do house - to-house . on the job training . tension high , they be bunched around a doorway . CHRIS motion they back , not so close , set a charge -- 64 int . house , day 64 boom !-- kilo company enter a house with chandelier and regal armoire . they clear the room , CHRIS teach they how to move together , give hand signal . sanchez ( low ) - whas that mean again ? gillespie cover and follow . he follow Chris into a room with sofa , exotic rug and -- ( 03.18.14 ) 45 . a kid ( 12 ) stand across the room with dark eye and pronounce forehead , stare at Chris . CHRIS down . down ! on the floor , now ! the kid be rock on he heel like he 's go to run . CHRIS I will fuck shoot you ! down ! get down -- father of kid ( os ) no , please -- the father run in , tall and bearded . gillespie clock he and he drop . the kid scream like he 's deaf . father of kid ( from the floor ) please ! he can not understand . look at he -- gillespie he do look a little retarded . CHRIS you be order to evacuate . why be you still here ? father of kid this be we home . I will not give it to they . or to you . sanchez push three women ( in berkas ) into the room . sanchez I find this bitch in the back closet . father of kid I be Sheikh al - obeidi . you be my guest but please tell the other to come inside . if they be in the street he will know we have speak . sanchez this sand nig ' want we in here so he can blow we up . check he ass for a vest . a kettle whistle in the kitchen . gun still train . CHRIS who will know we have speak ? ( 03.18.14 ) 46 . sheik al - obeidi / father you enemy be mine enemy . we share this . you understand ? Chris study the woman , and lower he gun . CHRIS bring the other guy in . time CUT - later Chris and gillespie sit with " sheik al - obeidi " while the kid ( " omar " ) play with he father 's hair . sheikh al - obeidi if we talk to US soldier he will come to we home and make example of we -- CHRIS who be he ? I need a name . the Marine interpreter aka " terp " ( 20 , in mismatch camo , face bandanna ) repeat the question . sheikh al - obeidi the man who come we call the Butcher . he be the despair one , son of shaytan -- Sheik mumble in Arabic , fear the word on he tongue . terp he call he - the pure flame of fire - . basically , this man come to they house and prey on the weak with hurt . CHRIS so he 's some kind of enforcer ? sheikh al - obeidi enforcer . yes . top soldier of Zarqawi . CHRIS ( jump ) we want Zarqawi . where do we find Zarqawi ? omar cackle like a crow , play peek game . sheikh al - obeidi if you find the Butcher you will see he report direct to Zarqawi each day . a F - 18 rip overhead . radio chatter . thompson step out -- ( 03.18.14 ) 47 . CHRIS how do we find he ? sheikh al - obeidi you must understand the risk to we . terp he will ask for money . sheikh al - obeidi we need one hundred thousand US dollar . the boom of distant ordinance shake the structure . CHRIS we do not even have proof this guy exist . the Sheik grab he wife , pull she arm from she robe -- she hand have be hack off , the stump heal . sheikh al - obeidi be this not proof ? CHRIS I be sorry . I want to help you . I do . but I need name , place , phone number -- thompson ( rush in ) hey , we get a Marine unit pin down in a house just uprange -- CHRIS give I a name , Sheik . give I something . thompson they be out of ammo . if we do not go now -- Sheik stonewall , Chris stand to go , fuck -- sheikh al - obeidi " amir khalaf fanus " . this be give name of the Butcher . but to help you find he -- Sheikh obeidi sweep a hand across he open palm , pay I . transition to : Chris sweep a hand across he open palm , pay I . we be -- ( 03.18.14 ) 48. 65 int . dia trailer , camp fallujah - day 65 CHRIS and marc lee sit in front of agent shead , of the Defense Intelligence Agency . a game of solitaire open on he computer . cornhusker football poster on he wall . agent shead I guess that translate to " pay I " in just about any language , do not it ? CHRIS yes sir , it do . marc lee and you be the secret squirrel with the cash , right ? agent shead ( not amused ) when you be have tea with Sheik al - obedie do he tell you he run a network of highway bandit before aqi move in ? CHRIS kyle he leave that part out . agent shead that 's aqi 's racket now . you Sheik get edge out . this could be blowback . CHRIS or he could be upset the Butcher cut off he wife 's hand . either way , seem like you would wanna explore it . shead would rather not enter into this with they but -- he slide a white - board to reveal a aqi hierarchy . agent shead this be you guy here . ( point to photo directly under Zarqawi ) we believe the Butcher be Zarqawi 's number two man . the butcher be a squat , rawbone man with eyebrow form a grizzle line over dark bloodshot eye . CHRIS but you do not know he real name or you would have it write up there . ( 03.18.14 ) 49 . agent shead we have several aliase -- ( pick up phone , dial ) if " fanus " be legit we go see the Sheik . marc lee he 's ask for 100,000 . agent shead if he deliver the Butcher he will get it . ( into phone ) this be agent shead , dia , I need a name check on " amir khalaf fanus . " I will wait . he kick he foot up , like he run the war . CHRIS if we be go back out , team 3 could pull security -- agent shead if we be humping money the head - shed will want contractor on it . ( into phone ) I be here . what do you get ? he listen a beat . his foot hit the floor . eye flick up . 66 int . humvee # 2 - two day later 66 a object thump beneath the tire . security contractor wear baseball cap , Oakley blade and grizzle beard . contractor road-kill . they sit on bench opposite CHRIS and marc lee , a shrink - wrap pallet of cash between they . agent shead sit close the driver , play big-dick with the merc . agent shead the Butcher be Zarqawi 's enforcer . they say he weapon of choice be a drill . Chris look to Marc Lee , eye close in prayer . when he open they he see Chris look . the rig sway . marc lee I go to seminary school before I join the navy . come close to be a preacher . CHRIS why do not you ? ( 03.18.14 ) 50 . marc lee I love to gamble , man . Love that dice . they laughter be liberate . it bond they . CHRIS my kind of preacher . more laughter . a phone ring . Chris dig out a sat phone . marc lee it 's like that now , huh ? CHRIS kyle you have not hear ? I be the legend . ( laugh at self ; into phone ) hey babe -- taya ( os ) you be right , doctor say it 's a boy . CHRIS kyle it 's a boy ! marc lee Hell yeah . congratu -- whaap ! windshield spider . contractor / driver be brain spackle they . the humvee crash into a storefront . radiator hissing , contractor scream , " call for backup " " capel be down " " dump the truck , cover we . " 67 ext . medical plaza , san diego - day 67 a crowded quad . taya , on the phone , stop in she track . taya Chris !-- ext . CITY square / STREET loot shop , burnt awning , colorful signage . marc lee and CHRIS pile out . the sat phone fall in the dirt . marc lee I hear one shot . CHRIS kyle check . large caliber . come in at a angle , gotta be 300 or more out -- ( 03.18.14 ) 51 . they duck into a bomb-blast storefront . they be look downrange from the jag orifice when -- a shot thunks into a paint Leo dicaprio billboard overhead . marc lee ( duck back ) he 's all over we . you get a bead ? CHRIS kyle negative -- agent shead ( oc ) transfer the pallet . we be pull back . 68 int . distant minaret 68 mustafa sprawle on the balcony . push past the swoosh of nike , up dark robe , along the cut of a unshaven cheek -- mustafa scope Pov unique cross -hair wobble past CHRIS and marc lee be position to contractor scrambling shead into the street . mirage boil straight up . a breath exhales -- 69 int . storefront 69 a bullet smoke through contractor # 1 , eject half he vertebrae . contractor scrambling -- CHRIS minaret , 11 o'clock ! agent shead ( from humvee ) there 's no room . we will come back for you -- agent shead and contractor pull away in humvee # 2 . a insurgent gunner step from a door just uprange , blasting round at the retreate vehicle . CHRIS you get eye on that ? marc lee negative . they cover prevent line -of-sight . Chris reach he rifle out adjusting a side -mirror on the crash humvee -- uprange ( in reflection ) ( 03.18.14 ) 52 . the butcher drag omar from Sheikh Al - obeidi 's home by he hair . the boy 's strange scream echo down the block as the Butcher revs a hand drill near he face -- CHRIS eye on the Butcher . he 's get that Sheikh 's kid in the street -- two insurgent hold Sheik Al - obeidi in the doorway as -- a sniper round shatter the humvee mirror . CHRIS fuck !-- marc lee ( into radio ) -- request back -up . we be pin down take sniper fire on approach of high - value target , grid 04536236 . over . Chris try to edge around the wall -- phwaaap ! the wall explode above he head . he turn to the room . debris block a back -door . no way out . marc lee we be on the wrong end of this . CHRIS I be gonna pop smoke for cover but do not move till I say . Chris toss smoke . a haze cloud the exit -- CHRIS hold . the drill revs . Omar be scream . smoke spew . marc lee we gotta go -- CHRIS holding ! hold ... a shot ring out , chunks concrete near the exit . CHRIS move now . go -- they slip out the storefront , around the building -- marc lee how you know he would wait -- ( 03.18.14 ) 53. CHRIS Cause I would wait . in the smoky haze , a sat phone in the dirt -- 70 ext . medical plaza , san diego 70 taya listen for gunfire as the lunch crowd teem past . taya ( sobbing , into phone ) Chris -- camera circle her as she world come unhinge . on the next revolution the scenery change and -- mustafa Pov / from minaret cross -hair track past the doorway where -- sheikh al - obeidi be hold back by insurgent gunmen , weep and plead -- the butcher he power up the drill and drive it into Omar 's thigh . omar scream and pitch , shriek for help -- alley Chris and Marc racing down a alley , approach stair -- CHRIS go around . I will go high . Chris bound up the stair . Marc Lee keep run -- rooftop CHRIS run onto the expose rooftop , run into -- a dog snap at he , barking and rabid , chain to a US sig m - 60 . he dive away from it , crouching behind the wall . sniper Pov / in minaret cross -hair find the bark dog , then CHRIS ' boot . the butcher power up the drill , the buz ring over he word -- ( 03.18.14 ) 54 . the butcher ( in Arabic ) you talk to they , you die with they . he step on Omar 's neck , lower the drill toward he jaw . CHRIS hear the drill and Omar 's scream . he will be expose but -- he pop up to shoot the Butcher . before he can get set -- a sniper round clip he helmet . he 's knock flat- back . Cloud strobe overhead . the dog bark viciously inch from he face . saliva fly off incisor as -- the sheikh watch the drill enter he son 's face . the Sheikh break free of the Butcher 's man , run towards he son . two aks shred he back and he pitch forward , reach -- sniper Pov as the Butcher and he man drive away , cross - hair track across the rooftop , where -- rooftop / CHRIS Pov ( upside down ) his helmet , rupture like a plum , wobble to a stop . CHRIS rage animate he . he stagger to he foot , firing he m4 on the minaret until the clip expire . then -- a flutter of cloth sweep across a alley a block north . mustafa slow , round the corner , and glance back -- Chris draw he .45 , but mustafa slip into the shadow . woman sob over dead body in the street below . 71 ext . STREET - later 71 team three seal hold perimeter . the sheet drape over Omar be mark by a dozen blood spot . Chris be buzzing with remorse , look to the minaret . CHRIS kyle he have line -of-sight 500 meter out . biggle Colonel Gronski be all over Marc , bro . ( 03.18.14 ) 55 . in the distance , colonel gronski bark at marc lee then climb in a Bradley . as marc approach -- CHRIS we need to work up a squad to pursue he . marc lee they be shutting we down . CHRIS what do you mean ? marc lee we be confine to base pend a incident review . CHRIS can he do that ? just shelf we like that ? I ship home in three week . wind blow the sheet off Omar . biggle it 's gonna be a long three week . 72 ext . weight lifting cage , camp fallujah , fob - sunset 72 Chris stalk the cage , shirtless and sweat . his eye track the horizon as darkness fall on Fallujah . 73 ext . NORTH airfield , coronado , california - night 73 halogen spotlight illuminate tarmac . soldier emerge from darkness , push toward they wait family . find taya in heel , 9 month pregnant . Chris limp toward she . she walk into he arm and start swinging fist . taya I think you be dead . I think -- he hold she close until she rage give way to tear . CHRIS shh. I be know . I be so sorry . they stand there long after everyone have go . ( 03.18.14 ) 56 . 74 int . bedroom 74 taya lower the light , step out of she dress and look at herself in the mirror , 9 month pregnant , and not sure she 's sexy . Chris exit the shower , stop , stare -- CHRIS you be the most beautiful thing I have ever see . taya I have a alien grow inside I -- she deflate and sit on the bed . he kneel before she . taya and there 's a strange man in my bedroom . CHRIS we bedroom . taya ( pull he ring off necklace ) why be not it on you finger ? CHRIS if it catch the light ... he do not spell it out . she slip it on he finger . taya you hand feel different . CHRIS they be mine . I swear ... taya why be I so fuck nervous ? CHRIS ( kissing she belly ) I be nervous too . taya no you be not . do not lie . CHRIS I be ... what if that little alien reach out and grab I ? she laugh and squish he cheek , make face with he face . ( 03.18.14 ) 57 . taya why be you so good with I . her face open in ecstasy . 75 int . breakfast table , CHRIS ' house - morning 75 CHRIS , shower , shaven and ill- at -ease , pick at the callouse " shooter 's strawberry " on he elbow . taya ( oc ) -- it might be nice to get out -- his coffee steam like smoke off a barrel . taya ( oc ) -- be you listen to I ? Chris -- CHRIS ( knee pump ) huh ? -- a lawn - mower start . his eye track window . taya see what 's happen and -- she extend a naked leg into he sight line . his eye follow she leg , to welcoming eye . taya what do you want to do today , ho and ? CHRIS maybe we just relax here ? taya okay , we do that . let 's relax . she ease into he lap , change he chemistry . 76 int . obgyn office , san diego - day 76 a room douse in sunshine . taya lay on the table . doctor hoffstader work the ultra-sound wand over she belly . doctor hoffstader how you feel ? taya I be do be pregnant . I want to meet he . doctor hoffstader it will be any day now . ( 03.18.14 ) 58 . Chris pet he wife 's hair but he 's sweaty and flushed . doctor hoffstader how about you Mr. Kyle ? how're you feel ? CHRIS kyle good . do good . doctor hoffstader I imagine you be still decompress . CHRIS not really . taya well , this be the first time we leave the house . CHRIS I be just happy to be home . hoffstader study he , reach for a b.p. cuff . doctor hoffstader here , slip this on for I . he awkwardly consent . the cuff tighten . CHRIS if you wanna help , you should be look at my knee . I do not know what I do but -- doctor hoffstader be you a smoker ? CHRIS no , mar 'am . doctor hoffstader do you drink ? CHRIS ( charming ) only when I be thirsty . doctor hoffstader 170 over 110 . taya ( concerned ) Jesus Christ Chris ... ( 03.18.14 ) 59 . CHRIS be that high ? doctor hoffstader not if you just have 14 cup of coffee . but for someone who be sit down -- CHRIS I will look into it . thanks doc . he 's smile but he tone quiet she . she overstep . 77 int . truck , southbound freeway - day 77 CHRIS be weaving through rush-hour traffic . CHRIS you sabotage I back there . taya what be I suppose to do . you be not talk . you act like it 's all okay -- CHRIS it be okay . I be fine . taya you be not fine . you blood pressure -- CHRIS Babe , I be drive down the freeway , it 's sunny and 72 degree . I be fine . but there be people die over there and I look around and it 's like it 's not even happen . it 's barely on the news , no one talk about it . no one care . and if I stay too long I will forget about it too . taya Chris -- CHRIS we be at war and I be head to the mall . she look pain , ready to cry -- CHRIS I do not belong here . I can not help anybody - she 's arching in the seat , moaning as she water break . taya -- it 's happen -- ( 03.18.14 ) 60 . CHRIS oh shit -- Chris swerve from the southbound fast - lane across the dirt median and into the northbound fast - lane . taya what be you do ! CHRIS I be go back . Dust kick up . horn blare . he 's speed north . taya ( laugh and cry ) -- oh my god , you be crazy ! you be fuck crazy you know that ? a look between they like spill sunlight . he reach and - transition to : taya grip he hand . her wailing scream fall silent and -- 78 int . delivery room 78 taya stare blankly at Chris . he think he lose she . then -- a SMALL cry break the tension . taya gasp . the boy land in Chris ' arm cover in vernix and blood . CHRIS my little man ... he hold he to the light and relief pour over he . CHRIS look at we boy . look what we do . ( nuzzle close to she ) I love you , baby . we make it -- he hold he family close as bedouin music swell -- fade to : a thermal image . cross-hair on marine emerge from tall grass . a shot fire . a marine fall . a Arabic sickle &amp ; sword appear over the image . we be -- ( 03.18.14 ) 61 . 79 int . den , CHRIS ' house , coronado , CA - night 79 pan across a iraqi parcel on the coffee table . find CHRIS stare at the tv , livid , light by Christmas light . taya ( oc ) the baby be cry . I think you be -- Chris lunge for the remote as another kill shot plays . taya do not bother turn it off , I already watch it . he look up at she , hold Colton . taya I have to make sure you do not have a iraqi girlfriend send sexy video . he lighten , touch she , eye drift back to the tv . CHRIS this sniper be recording he kill . mustafa . they sell this in the street . taya that day we be on the phone -- Chris nod , it be he . taya you be not protect I by not talk about it . CHRIS I do not want you think about it . I do not need you worry . taya my imagination be so much worse than anything you could tell I -- CHRIS ( cut she off ) no , it 's not . they be savage . taya Chris -- CHRIS they be fuckin savage . his blood pressure pulse on he unyield face .. ( 03.18.14 ) 62. taya it 's not about they , it 's about we . ( hand he baby ) you have to make it back to we . her eye trail off he as she step into the kitchen . Chris hold he son , take with he ruddy innocence . then the bedouin music swell , he arm tighten around he son , and he eye be draw back to mustafa . " second tour " 80 ext . al taqaddum airbase , iraq - day 80 the tail of a C - 17 draw down . young marine file off leave CHRIS , squinting into a dirty sunset as he tuck he ring away like he 's stow part of himself . master chief martin ( sharp -nose , fit ) welcome home , petty Officer Kyle . Colonel Jones be wait . how be the flight ? CHRIS kyle slower than Christmas . Chris be follow he toward a blackhawk when -- CHRIS can you give I a second --? master chief martin the colonel be wait -- Chris be already stride across the tarmac toward -- a squad of marine load onto a C - 17 weary , injure , head home . jeff kyle do not see Chris until he have hand on he . CHRIS kyle hey , grunt -- Chris shake he and pull he into he arm . jeff Chris ? Jeff be slow to react , like he can not see past the atrocity brand on back of he eyeball . ( 03.18.14 ) 63. CHRIS kyle y'alright ? you in one piece ? he look he over , undamage but for the eye . marine lcpl let 's go , pfc Kyle . move you ass . Marines on -board the C - 17 . Jeff be anxious , shifting -- CHRIS you okay ? Jeff ?-- jeff I hear you be kickin ass we here . all the guy , that 's what they say -- Chris fix Jeff 's collar : a tender gesture . jeff you be my hero , bro . always have be . master chief martin let go , Kyle . Colonel 's wait -- jeff ( swollen with emotion ) the legend ... the four massive turbo-engine on the C - 17 kick -on . jeff ( over deafen noise ) I be gonna miss my ride . CHRIS kyle what happen ? jeff I be just tired , man . I be -- ( swallow it ) I be go home . CHRIS I be proud of you . you hear I ? he can not hear shit over that fan . CHRIS dad too . he 's proud of you . jeff fuck this place -- ( 03.18.14 ) 64 . CHRIS ( can not hear he ) what ? jeff fuck this place . Chris ignites with rage at what they do to he brother . 81 int . blackhawk - day 81 lo. colonel jone be a clear-ey ivy grad : the new - school leadership change of the guard . col . jone you make Chief . congratulation . CHRIS kyle thank you , sir . col . jone Gronski 's go . a lot of top-brass be . we be work off a new playbook now . the blackhawk lift off , zooming across the desert floor . col . jone I have study insurgency for the last decade . I know every stone throw since before the first century . this war be win and lose in the mind of we enemy . he hand over a aqi bounty poster with a illustration of a sniper rifle and gallic cross and a reward . col . jone that you ? Chris roll he sleeve , show he gallic Cross tattoo . col . jone you be now the most want man in Iraq . master chief martin that 's $ 80,000 on you head . CHRIS kyle do not tell my wife , she might take that number right about now . col . jone I understand you want to put together a direct-action squad to hunt the Butcher . ( 03.18.14 ) 65 . CHRIS kyle yes , sir . col . jone we plugge the rat-hole that be Fallujah and flushed they into Ramadi . we get some intel indicate he area of operation . as they cross the euphrate the slum of ramadi be laid out before they like a blanket of chaos . col . jone I want you to put the fear of God in this savage , and find he ass . 82 int . op SEC tent , shark base - night 82 CHRIS stand in front of team Three , armed with a 60 - inch monitor and a tuffbook . they be chant , " power-point . " CHRIS you guy know how I hate this shit so shut you trap . we target be amir khalaf fanus aka the Butcher . ( click first slide ) we will be head in under cover of darkness , sector p13 , north of the river -- they be crack up . he turn to see he slide have be hijacked with a photo of he bachelor party ; the " best man " pose with a spray-paint groom . they look so young . Chris turn back to he man and , for a moment , they smile face appear immortal in the feeble light . time fade brief finish , team three file out past Chris -- biggle you give good power-point , legend . -- grab ass and crack joke until one remain . marc lee be this thing bulletproof ? ( hold Chris ' Bible ) you never open it so I assume ... CHRIS kyle God , country , family , right ? ( 03.18.14 ) 66 . marc lee you get a God ? CHRIS kyle you get weird on I ? marc lee we have this electric fence around we property in Oregon and we kid use to see who could grab it and hang on the longest . War feel like that , it put lightning in you bone , make it hard to hold on to anything else . CHRIS kyle you need to sit this one out ? marc lee I just wanna believe in what we be do -- CHRIS kyle evil life here , we have see it . marc lee it life everywhere -- CHRIS kyle you want to invite this motherfucker to come fight in San Diego ? or New York ? we be protect more than this dirt . Marc adopt he zeal , let it fill he . marc lee hooyah then . let go kill this fucker . he bang out . Chris be alone . lightn in he bone . 83 omitted 83 84 omitted 84 86 omitted 86 87 ext . STREET / near fahima halal - pre -dawn 87 neon shimmer across wet empty street . team three trundle past shop largely unbomb . tony check he gps -- ( 03.18.14 ) 67 . tony ( whisper-mic , point ) this building , any apartment on the east side , will look down fahima halal . 88 int . hallway , 4th floor , build - continuous 88 team three push to a door . biggles have a cat-claw , ready to breach -- a baby cry behind the door . Chris wave they off . another door . CHRIS ( whisper - mic ) breacher-up . biggle be ready to wedge the cat- claw when he see key hang from the door . he grin and simply open it -- 89 int . corner apartment , sixth floor 89 a modest apartment . team three have seat the family ; a protective father hug he boy ( 6 ) as he wife fret . CHRIS tell they they will not be leave till we do -- ( hand terp a photo ) ask if they see he . terp translate , show a photo of the butcher . looking out window the restaurant below be board up with paint metal . biggle ( Hall &amp ; oate song ) -- private eye , we be watch you , watch you every move ... " D " why a restaurant ? marc lee Big freezer . Marc turn away , leave they to wonder . CHRIS let 's keep eye on it get picture of anyone come and go . biggles watch Chris collapse onto he ruck -sack . ( 03.18.14 ) 68. biggle Fucking Chief nappy-nap. a challenging smile . Chris flip he off . " D " get some nice rug up in here . ( thumb up to Father ) this shit be hand - knotted . beautiful . surveillance roll , Chris close he eye . 90 omitted 90 91 omitted 91 92 time CUT - later 92 in darkness , CHRIS bolt upright then see he guy by the window . he join they . despite roll blackout , light be visible around plywood on fahima halal window . CHRIS what do we get ? marc lee 16 military age male have go in . CHRIS sixteen ? biggle they serve more customer than McDonalds . marc lee and check this . on digi - camera , zoom on photo of the Butcher enter -- CHRIS he still inside ? marc lee I be only clocking one point of entry . he 's in there , but it 's no easy breach . biggle when they see it 's the legend they ' will probably just invite he in -- ( 03.18.14 ) 69 . CHRIS you get a problem ? I do not promote myself . biggle no , I do it for you . you would never have make Chief if I nickname you " the myth " . Chris snap biggles down , wrestle he into a choke . " D " myth become legend when we occupy a house , get 23 kill , and 21 be he . tony enough . it 's everybody 's navy . Chris release he . biggles be cough . biggle -- naw , it 's legend 's navy now . just hope he leave some for the rest of we . CHRIS hash out tactic . we go at zero-dark . and Big giggles be make the coffee . biggles be flipping he off when the father speak : terp ( translate ) he invite you to join he for eid al - adha supper . he say - on this day everyone have a seat at my table - . Chris nod dubious gratitude , meeting the Father 's eye . CHRIS tell he that 's very generous of he . dine room - later a braise head of lamb eat clean . team 3 be chow down , in good spirit , as Chris watch the father teach he son to read . he be move by they connection and acutely aware of what this war be cost he . that 's when he see -- ( ecu ) " shooter strawberries " on father 's elbow . they be red and callouse , like he own . Chris darken , stand and slip down the hall -- bedroom - moment later ( 03.18.14 ) 70 . CHRIS search the closet , rip through clothes , press wall panel . he 's crossing to the bed when -- floorboard creak beneath the rug underfoot . he stand there , shifting he weight , floor creak . dine room / hallway biggle be shoveling food in he mouth when a hand stop he . Chris signal , no more . father be eye flick up as -- CHRIS rip the father out of he chair , drag he down the hall by he hair . wife and kide scream . " D " hold they off as -- Chris dump the father at a stash hole in the floor . Inside , a cache of aks , rpgs , ied component . CHRIS tell he he 's gonna be ship off for detention and the iraqi court can decide what to do with he -- or he can help we get inside that restaurant down there . marc lee that 's a bad move -- biggle he 's we breech . he 's a fuck way in -- marc lee if something happen -- biggle he 's aqi man , look what he 's hold . CHRIS it 's he choice . tell he . the terp translate . Father react , pale with defiance . 93 ext . fahim halal - night 93 the father shuffles up the dusty street toward we -- " D " ( vo ) approach the door ... in adjacent alley CHRIS , marc lee and " D " wait ... " D " 10 meter ... ( 03.18.14 ) 71 . back alley tony and biggle watch ... " D " ( vo ) 5 meter ... sniper nest dauber watch with cross-hair . " D " ( vo ) he 's knock ... at the door a slide grate open and -- " D " ( vo ) they be vetting he . guard Pov father attempt to alert the Guard , nodd to the two men in robe at the oil drum . Guard do not see it -- " D " hold . hold -- CHRIS Pov ( N /v ) as the door open , the guard come into view -- " D " ( os ) now . Chris fire and the guard head explode . father dive for Guard 's weapon , firing back at Chris when -- gunfire from inside shred he . he fold forward , dead . two men in robe ( tony &amp ; biggle ) rush the door toss grenade , pull the father out as the grenade explode . CHRIS , marc lee and " D " push inside -- 94 int . fahim halal - night 94 a smoky banquet hall . gunfire light from far wall . a man we recognize as the butcher be ushere through a doorway . ( 03.18.14 ) 72. CHRIS ( key mike ) we have eye on the target . flush they out the back -- in the alley tony and biggle be post in the alley , wait . biggle ( key mike ) negative . nothing yet . banquet hall CHRIS and company push through the doorway the Butcher pass through , but it 's not a exit . it be -- kitchen a iraqi man be hang up by a chain , the majority of he skin carve off , still alive . a walk - in freezer ahead . CHRIS ( to " D " ) help he -- marc lee ( oc ) down here . stair lead down into darkness . Chris follow he into -- a underground tunnel a naked bulb illuminate a tunnel stretch to darkness . CHRIS ( realize ; key mike ) they be come back up ! watch you six -- the tunnel detonate . dirt and debris explode at they . back alley biggle and tony be post up . the radio static -- biggle -- I can not hear you . say again . behind they ten insurgent pour out of another building , circle back toward biggles and tony . ( 03.18.14 ) 73. kitchen CHRIS and marc lee bowl in , panicked , cover in dirt . CHRIS kyle move . " D " turn from a walk -in freezer full of bloody part . " D " Big freezer . ( sicken , follow ) fuck -- sniper nest dauber sees insurgent approach biggles -- dauber biggles ! watch you six . roadies on you -- he start down they but more seep out downrange . back alley biggle and tony be bang away but outgun when CHRIS , marc lee and " D " step out , lay down fire . CHRIS pull back ! load -- biggle get you . biggles be slay combatant . precise and deadly . biggle rpg ! a rpg burn down the alley , scream between they and explode into sniper nest . as dust cloud the night -- the butcher slip through smoke , shoot he way to a getaway truck . CHRIS contact . eye on the Butcher . 12 o'clock . more insurgent , push up the alley , cover he . CHRIS ( key mike ) dauber ? you get visual ? confirm . ( 03.18.14 ) 74 . sniper nest dauber struggle from under debris . dauber negative . no shot -- CHRIS advance along the wall . the Butcher jump into a truck . CHRIS he 's on the move . cross ! biggles side -step into the street , attract fire , down multiple insurgent as -- biggle get you . get you . go , go , go -- Chris dodge behind he , run into the next street ( parallel with truck ) hope for a shot -- next intersection as Chris arrive , the getaway truck roar past a block to the north . he continue at a dead -sprint but -- at next intersection , he 's lose more ground . he halt , suck wind , gallic cross tattoo visible on he forearm . above ( looking out ) a young shadow stand in the window , watch the soldier below . she pick up a old nokia cellular , dial -- 95 int . mustafa's room , unknown build 95 incense waft over oile component of a dragunov sniper rifle laid out on a prayer rug . a cell buzy and be answer . a few word and -- hand enter frame , assemble the rifle . the metallic snap - and - slide escalate as we -- pan to the wall , the gallic cross depict beside a sniper rifle on a fade CHRIS kyle bounty poster there . back to : tire fire spit tendril of black smoke . we be -- ( 03.18.14 ) 75 . 96 ext . fahim halal - night 96 a four way intersection , neighbor pour into street . a angry crowd hoist the father' body in the air as a messianic tribal leader rile they with chant . the son stand up - front , small hand fisted , glaring at CHRIS . CHRIS ( can not take eye off son ) I offer he father detention . I give he a choice -- master chief martin he pick the wrong fuck side . that 's all there be to it . fog of war . the crowd grow in tension and number . pfc alvarez Sir , we have armed insurgent move this way . we need to make track . master chief martin ( hop in Bradley ) helluva a effort here , Chief . you keep after this bastard . we will get he . as they roar off , Chris pull terp over to the tribal leader whose shocking GREEN eye reflect firelight . CHRIS kyle tell he this boy 's father be fight for the people that butcher the cleric we find in the freezer in there . distant alley a flutter of robe . a rusty gate push open by a old man . mustafa slip past , brush the man 's shoulder in thanks . breath in cadence with step , he head turn up -- smoke plume into night , they signal lead he ahead . CHRIS / tribal leader terp translate , tribal leader respond violently -- terp - this be we territory . if you want to come here , you ask I . if you want to find someone , I find they - ( 03.18.14 ) 76 . biggle ( oc ) ( atop humvee , on the .60 ) fuck `em . let 's go . shit 's get hairy . CHRIS kyle ( to tribal leader ) if I ask for you help you be the one they carve up next . I have see it happen . a crowd of 300 chant , as terp translate . alley two men stand by a 12 foot wall . a dark shape sprint toward they . one man kneel , the other brace he . the reflective swoosh catch light as -- mustafa run up the man 's back , leaping onto the wall . CHRIS / tribal leader tribal leader rage , crowd at he back , eye on fire -- terp - I be the seventh son of Isaac of abraham . this be the land of my father , and I be not afraid .- he say you evil be great than that you fight . he call you white satan , devil of Ramadi . venom peel across Chris ' face and make it appear true . a nike swoosh reflect from a near rooftop . nearby rooftop nike cross gravel . mustafa kneel . unfold he bi-pod . CHRIS / tribal leader CHRIS kyle you tell he to deliver the Butcher to we , or the devil come back . mustafa scope Pov cross -hair track past smoke blow sideways , trash gust -- find CHRIS as he turn for the humvee . Cross - hair lead he , compensate for windage . as he pause he exhale -- the father' body be hoist in the air . mustafa try to adjust as he shot ring out -- ( 03.18.14 ) 77 . 97 ext . humvee ( pulling away ) 97 the round hit the shield . biggle fire at the rooftop . bullet strafing night as the humvee door close and they roar off . a punisher skull draw in grease on he shield , gleam in the moonlight . mustafa 's shot strike the punisher in the eye . push on the tooth of the logo and -- dissolve to : CHRIS ' long finger press to the glass . sfx : he breath rattles quietly over follow scene . we be -- 98 ext . maternity ward , san diego 98 CHRIS stare into the nursery window where he newborn daughter cry . the air thick and dreamlike around he . taya ( vo ) the news be say the war be over . CHRIS ( vo ) it 's not over . taya ( vo ) but be we win ? CHRIS ( vo ) I do not know ... two nurse walk past he daughter . Chris bang on the glass , try to get they attention . CHRIS hey , some help here -- she 's cry -- he pound the glass . the nurse do not hear he . sfx : the mechanistic buzz of power- tool overwhelm the scene -- transition to : 99 int . jiffy lube - day 99 pan across gumball machine and toy dispenser on the wall . the power tool whining as colton ( 3 ) hold a toy , piss it 's not the one he want . colton but I want that one -- ( 03.18.14 ) 78 . CHRIS ( the air still thick , he word speak from afar ) you do not get to choose , bubba . colton but I do not like it ! I want that one -- the drill buzy in the garage . Chris ' nerve fray . CHRIS you get what it give you . that 's how this thing work . Colton melt to the floor cry . customer look now . CHRIS do not do this . get up . come on -- through viewing window -- the man with the drill be visible . Dark hair like the Butcher , turn toward we -- receptionist ( oc ) Chris Kyle , you truck be ready . CHRIS ( snap - to ; to Colton ) get off the floor . right now -- man' voice ( oc ) Excuse I , sir . a young man step too close . Chris rear up , defensive . young man be you ... " Chief " Chris Kyle ? CHRIS that 's I . young man sorry to intrude , sir , but we meet in Fallujah . you save my life . CHRIS do I --? young man / veteran yes , sir . my name be mad . we be trap in a house when you show up with 1st Marines . you carry I out . ( 03.18.14 ) 79 . CHRIS ( lifetime ago , but ) yeah . right . well , you Marines save we ass plenty out there . how you hold up ? mad / young veteran great , sir . I be grateful to be alive . it have not be easy but -- he lift he pant-leg and show a artificial leg . mad it cost lot of guy more than a leg . CHRIS do you lose some friend ? mad that too , but I be talk about guy that live . they make it back but they be just not back . they can not seem to get right . drill start up again . Chris glance that direction . CHRIS yeah , I - - I be sorry to hear that . mad you should come down to the VA sometime . the guy would love it . they all know who the legend be . Chris nod like he never will . mad kneel to Colton . mad I bet you miss you daddy when he be go . but can I tell you something ? you dad be a hero . he save my life -- ( eye well up ) he help I get home to my little girl . Colton look up at he dad who swell with emotion . other customer watch now , captivate . mad so thank you for loaning he to we , li'l man . I would not be here without he . mad stand and come to attention , salute Chris . mad my family thanks you for you service . Chris bite back emotion , nod , and walk out . ( 03.18.14 ) 80 . 100 int . nursery 100 a pink cocoon of a room . taya sit in a rocker , breast - feed they daughter , mckenna . she 's gentle , implore -- taya I be make memory by myself . I have no one to share they with . CHRIS we have the rest of we life for that . taya when do that start ? even when you be here you be not here . taya pull mckenna off she breast . Chris scoops she up . taya I hate the team for it . I do . you be my husband and the father of my child -- but they be the one that pull you back . CHRIS ( do not look up from he daughter ) we can wait . they can not . a long pause ... taya ( oc ) if you think this war be not change you you be wrong . he look up and Pov CHRIS -- taya sit in she rocker on the side of a road in ramadi , destruction all around she . taya you can only circle the flame so long . score build , a steely guitar over tribal drum . " third tour " a truck speed past a burnt rocker in the street . we be -- 101 int . truck , ramadi - day 101 punisher skull stencile on flack jacket , CHRIS man a suspend mk48 swinging where a passenger seat should be . a skull bandanna and sunglass cover he grizzle face . the punisher -- ( 03.18.14 ) 81 . biggle ( key mike ) -- we be tailing the Butcher 's courier , turn onto maryland Street . over . biggle drive , trail a brown van . the city go from light to shadow as they enter a build - up section call -- the chinese apartment biggle I buy the ring . CHRIS here ? biggle they be cheaper here . CHRIS you want some savage 's ring ? what if it 's a blood diamond ? biggle what the fuck do you care ? you spill more blood than anyone ! CHRIS not for a rock . biggle whatever , man . CHRIS ease off , do not get too close . ( the van turn ahead ) you gonna tell she where it come from ? biggle Hell no ! I will tell she I get from Zale . they be laugh , off the leash , cocky and invincible . a block back - humvee follows marc lee drive . " D " ride shotgun . dauber in back . uniform bastardize ; metal blast in broad daylight . biggle ( os ) ( over radio ) still with we cookie ? ( 03.18.14 ) 82. " D " ( key mike , check gps ) half a block back and we be wet and ready , Big giggles . marc lee 20 year from now , we will have a reunion and you will be marry to a dude . " D " as long as you cook and clean . dauber sit in back , shaking he head . undercover truck STREET spotter reach for they cell phone . Chris glare at they , ominous in skull mask , flipping the bird . CHRIS the Butcher have he peeper out . biggle this motherfucker be keyser sze . next time you get a shot try not to miss . CHRIS I coulda take he in that alley if I do not have to save you ass -- biggle ( accelerate ) whatever help you sleep at night . on a rooftop a barefoot teenager race across gravel , aim a rifle down at the taxi with the punisher symbol -- undercover truck biggle you gonna be my best man ? CHRIS ( still mask ) be it just I ? or other guy too ? biggle you fuck egomaniac -- a round pierce the roof and go through the floorboard -- ( 03.18.14 ) 83. biggle rooftop , twelve - o'clock -- six insurgent pop up on a rooftop , fire . Chris lean into the .60 spitting lead in pneumatic burst . 102 int . mustafa's apartment - same 102 a dry hand spin a sniper round on a tabletop . it wobble to a stop face the man who set it in motion -- mustafa , head - on . a messy beard and thousand - yard stare . haunted but unrelent , he spin the round again . a iraqi woman appear , shushing a infant . she say something to mustafa but he do not respond . a phone vibrate . he grab a duffel and step out . by the door , a photo of mustafa on a medal stand at the Olympic Games . 103 int . undercover truck 103 biggles speed after the van , take fire from above . CHRIS get I a shot , grandma . biggles stomp the accelerator , whip around a corner -- a short straightaway CHRIS blast 200 round ( mk48 ) into the van ; pulverize the thing and watch it hiss to a stop . biggle that should do it . courier bound out of the van , diving into a building . CHRIS what the fuck !? how would he survive -- biggle rubber junk - man 's get you horseshoe . they roll out in pursuit . the humvee pull up . Inside -- " D " ( into mike ) -- need a two block perimeter around the area . no one get in or out . ( 03.18.14 ) 84. 104 ext . distant rooftop 104 mustafa cross rooftop - to-rooftop with fluency . 105 int . hallway , apartment complex 105 blood droplet lead to a door . biggles kick -in . 106 int . apartment - continuous 106 biggles and Chris dance around each other like smoke . biggle clear . a open window . stair climb the wall outside . CHRIS ( key mike ) we be head to the roof . secure the van . the van dauber and tony cover marc lee and " D " as they open the back of the van . Inside , flat of red clay tile . " D " the Butcher be building a 7 - 11 ? Marc rip off the top layer , find : 200,000 round ammo . marc lee no ammo , no jihad . rooftop drying sheet billow on crisscross wire . Chris track blood - drop to the ledge . the next roof 15 foot off . biggle how the hell would he make that ? CHRIS he do not -- two storey below , courier lay face down in he mess . biggle so much for lead we to the Butcher . CHRIS so much for he have my horseshoe . ( 03.18.14 ) 85 . Chris pull he mask down . he have a beard and the sturm und drang of war be writ loud on he face . distant balustrade mustafa lay prone , mumble a prayer and take two deep breath before put he eye to the scope . mustafa scope Pov cross -hair tack to flutter sheet , the wind reveal in they billow . two figure be cloak there , indistinguishable head peak over laundry line . he aim leave - and - above the head close to he . on the roof Chris and biggles stand among the billow sheet . CHRIS she will take it to Zale and try to find out how much you spend . biggle she 's not like that . CHRIS they be all like that . biggle it 's giant , bro . four karat . it have to belong to one of Saddam 's bitch -- Chris be laugh when he see a flash of glass in the distance . before he can utter a warning -- a gunshot sound the bullet flay the muzzle of biggles m4 . shrapnel enter he face . biggles go down in a red mist -- CHRIS no !-- the right side of he face be a pulpy cavity . his eye socket obliterate . he appear mortally wounded . CHRIS ( dive on he , key mike ) biggles be down . man down . ( pull biggles close , chisele with grief ) no , buddy . no ! stay with I -- ( 03.18.14 ) 86 . he drag he one way , then another . he can not see past the blood - spackle sheet . a shot pock the roof at he foot . CHRIS ( key mike ) cover ! I need cover . he 's pick we off . another shot inch from he head . they be be hunt . biggle ( gargle ) I be get it . I get it -- I can walk -- biggles pull himself up , tilting he head forward to not choke on he own blood . with heroic effort , he stumble to the stair . Chris , stunne he 's alive , duck a arm -- 107 ext . STREET 107 two marine unit provide cover as the humvee speed off . 108 int . hummer 108 marc lee drive . dauber apply gauze to hold biggles face on . CHRIS kneel there , hold he hand . biggle ( gargle blood ) -- I be sorry -- CHRIS you get nothing to be sorry for . I should not have have we up there -- biggle be I gonna die ? Chris look to dauber -- dauber we will rub a little dirt in it , get you a sip of water , you will be fine . dauber shake he head , he 's not go to make it . biggle -- it be always gonna be I -- CHRIS coulda be any of we . just hang on -- ( 03.18.14 ) 87. biggle not you . not the legend . you lucky fuck -- his body go into shock . Chris come unwound . CHRIS do not die , Ryan . you hold on -- 109 int . medical tent 109 low angle - plywood floor litter with needle , blood and latex glove . a cart be rush past . medical personnel shouting , " we be lose he . " the picture pulse , blur -- 110 ext . medical tent 110 the punisher stand around the humvee , still as a photo . " D " do you see where it come from ? CHRIS he be 1000 meter out . only one enemy sniper make that shot . a jeep pull up . colonel jone and master chief martin step out . col . jone will he make it ? Chris turn away , choke up . dauber do not look good , master Chief . master chief martin that 's the first seal hit , sir . " D " fuck ! the sun high . col . jone a shi 'a cab driver we source be say there 's a stronghold seven door down . master chief martin Marine unit that cover you exfil be still engage there . ( 03.18.14 ) 88. col . jone I can understand if you want to stand - down and regroup . it 's up to you . the wind blow . marc lee lex talionis ... ( look up ) Eye for eye , tooth for tooth . they all agree . CHRIS we be go back . 111 ext . STREET , ramadi 111 metallica , " master of puppet " blast as a m1a2 abram tank speed 45 mph down a street , bad as fuck . two BRADLEY transport vehicle follow . a car pull into the road ahead . insurgent passenger lean out , firing a rpg . it explode across the tank but do no damage . tank still come , insurgent pull away -- but the tank catch they . tread climb the back of the car , overtake it . insurgent be try to get out , scream , as steel fold around they and flatten they . and the abram vault off the other side -- 112 int . BRADLEY transport vehicle 112 the punisher . ear pin back . Metal blast . amp would to kill . find CHRIS consume by rage ; he pull the bible and american flag out and set they aside . this be personal . marc lee two click out . lock and load . he glance at Chris , feed off he . they all be . CHRIS for biggles . in the STREET the tank skid to a stop . the turret spin to a castle - like structure and BA - boom ! ( 03.18.14 ) 89 . the punisher pour out of they bradley , roll in both direction , arcing toward the point of entry -- the courtyard punisher pour in . four insurgent lay dead , dispatch by the tank . Zero resistance . marc lee courtyard be clear . move . CHRIS some stronghold . move . dauber and tony follow they up a crumble staircase -- long hallway ominously still . sunlight spill through grate window face the street . Chris and Marc move to the first door -- first room a sleep mat . a tv play a Al jazeeri game show . Marc push toward the bathroom , come around the corner --- bathroom the faucet run on a straight-razor . marc lee clear . first room marc step back in , golden dust mote float around he . marc lee somebody leave in a hurry . CHRIS ( key mike ) you sure we get the right address -- canon-fire hit the outer- hallway from across the street . brrrrrb -brrrrb !! round bang with seismic force . dauber ( os ) ( from hallway ) fuck -- time slow as Chris bound toward the door . Marc Lee get there first , step through it , into -- ( 03.18.14 ) 90 . long hallway gunfire rain through grate window . the hall be come apart in dusty chunks of plaster . dauber and tony be pin between window . marc lee step to the nearest window to lay suppressive fire . marc lee contact -- gunfire strafe in at a angle , hitting marc lee in he OPEN mouth . he's blown backward , hitting the wall and -- marc lee be down . blood pool . a forever stare . CHRIS Marc -- CHRIS be staggered but he training take over and he step into the same window , blasting FIRE . dauber be try to intubate Marc but the back of he head be go . he be dead before he hit the wall . the abram turret spin . the canon boom . the earth trembles as the build across the STREET be flattened -- transition to : the tremble be the turbulence . we be -- 113 int . c-17 globemaster ( in flight ) - night 113 in dim red-glow , find biggle in a tent gurney , stable but critical ; he head cave in . CHRIS stare ahead -- marc lee' mom ( vo ) " glory be something some man chase and other find themselves stumbling upon . " reverse to marc lee' casket drape in star and stripe . 114 ext . fort rosecran national cemetery - day 114 a pasture of tombstone overlook the Pacific . CHRIS , with a chest - full of medal , stand with taya , colton ( 4 ) and mckenna ( 2 ) . taya watch marce wife weep as -- marc lee' mom read he last letter home : ( 03.18.14 ) 91 . marce lee mom " my question be when do glory fade away and become a wrongful crusade ? " CHRIS hear marce voice : marc lee ( vo ) " when do it become a unjustified mean by which one be completely consume . " colton reach for he father 's hand . Chris jump , startle . he look at Colton , then taya . he 's catch with he guard down and it appear he may let they in ... but he quickly return he gaze to the flagge casket . close on casket navy seal bang they trident into the coffin . a hollow thump , like fist try to revive a heart . 115 int . taya' car ( moving ) - later 115 San Diego traffic . the kide chatter in back . CHRIS drive , in a fugue- state when he spot -- a brown van , four car back , same as the one in Ramadi . taya Marc write that letter two week ago . do he say any of that to you ? van roar up the turn lane . it 's pull alongside they . Chris grip the wheel , ready -- the van roar past taya Chris ? I want to know what you think of he letter ... CHRIS ( slow , absent ) a aqi informant call in a tip . biggles have just be shot . we be operate off emotion and -- we walk into a ambush . the kid grow quiet . the air suck from the car . CHRIS but that 's not what kill he . that letter do . that letter kill Marc . ( look to she ) he let go and he pay the price for it . ( 03.18.14 ) 92 . taya turn away , wreck . they drive in silence . 116 int . bedroom - night 116 tv light the dark room . news graphic : " Americans kill in Iraq : 3932 " . CHRIS and taya talk to the ceiling . CHRIS if something ever happen to I -- you would meet someone else . you would be alright . his detachment be unearthly . taya do you want to die ? be that what it be ? CHRIS no . taya ( cheek shine with tear ) then tell I why do you do it . I want to understand . CHRIS I do it for you . to protect you . taya no you do not . I be here . you family be here . you child have no father -- CHRIS without this , there 's nothing . taya bullshit . it 's not about we anymore . you do not know when to quit . it 's over - ( violent ) you do you part ! we sacrifice enough . let somebody else go -- CHRIS I could never live with myself . taya you find a way ! you have to . I need you to be human again . I need you here . ( no response , she calm ) if you leave again , we might not be here when you get back . it startles he and he seem suddenly alert to she suffer . he reach for she , hold she to he chest . ( 03.18.14 ) 93. CHRIS I know . her eye sink into a well of ruin . 116a omitted 116a 117 int . navy hospital , san diego - day 117 a dust moth flutter around the wall sconce . wilted flower and " get - well " card cover the windowsill . CHRIS ( enter ) hey , buddy -- biggle lay in bed . part of he head cave - in and badly marre , one eyelid open on a milky - white eyeball . biggle Chris ? where be you ? CHRIS I be right here just give I a minute -- ( hobble around the bed ) just blind as a bat , huh ? biggle yeah ... it fuck blow . they be gonna fix my face though . CHRIS that 's good . you face always need a little fix . Chris sound upbeat but he eye betray he . CHRIS I hear you propose ? do you tell Kelly the diamond be from Zale ? biggle naw , I buy a new one . a small one . her dad help I out . CHRIS Nice . biggle she would not leave I , bro . I tell she to go -- but she would not leave . ( more ) ( 03.18.14 ) 94 . biggle ( cont 'd ) ( voice crack ) she 's get a raw fuck deal . CHRIS no she 's not . how can you say that ? she 's get you . ( eye welling up ) all four inch . biggles laugh and tear roll from he vacant eye . biggle I be glad this happen to I and not you . no way you could have handle it . CHRIS you be probably right . there be a pause . biggle they say you be the deadly sniper in U.S. military history . CHRIS be that what they say ? biggles grow quiet . CHRIS the bad guy fle up into to Sadr City . biggle you be not go back ? CHRIS we be gonna wall `em in and hunt `em down . biggle you do not have to do this . CHRIS yes I do . you be my brother and they be go to pay for what they do to you . his mind make up . biggles move by it . biggle hooyah , legend . hooyah -- 118 omitted 118 ( 03.18.14 ) 95 . 119 omitted 119 120 omitted 120 121 omitted 121 122 omitted 122 123 omitted 123 124 int . c-17 globemaster - day 124 75 Marines pack in . CHRIS hobble up the isle like Achilles . his import draw the attention of soldier he pass . he settles into a seat . across from he -- marine lt . the legend , right ? I hear you kill 101 man you last tour . the hajis call you the Devil of Ramadi . Chris remove he wedding band , hang it from he necklace . marine lt . so how many kill you get now ? CHRIS kyle you have to ask the navy . I lose count . his reserve silence the Lieutenant . engine roar as -- " FOURTH tour " 125 omitted 125 126 omitted 126 127 ext . fob cowboy - day 127 this base feel like a remote outpost . CHRIS and " D " walk past a boneyard of char vehicle . ( 03.18.14 ) 96 . " D " we be shot off position three night in a row . Fallujah be bad , Ramadi be worse but this shit be fuckin biblical . CHRIS any other punisher here ? " D " squirrel cycle out . dauber be come back but he wife knock he up . and if I bring home another rug my old lady ' will murder my ass . team and shit . CHRIS ( nostalgic ) team and shit . " D " ( a beat ) that biggles news hit hard . CHRIS I know . I visit he before I leave . that fucker can not see shit . " D " ( stop walk ) bro ... biggles be go . he be in surgery yesterday and he die on the table . Chris stare at he , ruin , wait for he to take it back . sfx : a phone ring thousand of mile away as -- CHRIS scope Pov cross -hair track along jamila street , past crane assemble the t-wall that will stretch across the city . the phone stop ringing , voicemail pick up . taya voicemail ( vo ) - this be taya , I can not get to the phone so please leave a message . a car pull into a intersection , ominous in inactivity . Dust blow sideways off its halt tire . CHRIS message ( vo ) it 's I . I be just call to hear you voice . I be miss you guy . I be think about some thing you say . ( 03.18.14 ) 97 . the car disappear down a side-street . cross -hair linger at that spot , know the routine . CHRIS message ( vo tell the kid I love they . a insurgent dart out , flip the sight - finder on a rpg . mirage boil off the street , same as dust , 45 degree . CHRIS message I love you too . cross -hair compensate leave for windage . a shot ring out . Red mist . cross -hair scan the sector , they will not leave a rpg . finally , another figure run out -- a young kid no older than Colton . he grab the rpg , shoulder it . cross -hair zero on he , center - mass . sfx : Chris ' heartbeat bang like a 800lb hammer . not again . CHRIS ( oc ) do not do it -- cross -hair tremor as Chris ' hand start to shake . CHRIS ( oc ) -- please god-- Young kid take aim and -- suddenly discard the rpg in the street and run off . CHRIS he roll off the gun , gasp for air , bite back tear . after nearly a decade of war he 's finally break down . 128 int . op tent - day 128 wind batter the tent . a squad of 16 spec ops guy from different branch study a map with -- master chief martin brass believe this t-wall will end the war by trapping remain aqi inside . but we get a sniper pick off contractor from deep behind the wall . CHRIS ( oc ) how deep ? every man look to the back wall where Chris stand . ( 03.18.14 ) 98 . master chief martin roughly 1000 meter . CHRIS be it mustafa ? ranger one moo-who ? " D " the sniper who shot we boy biggles . that 's a warning . Ranger one back off . master chief martin he can be whoever you need he to be , we just need he dead . Chris nod , eye ablaze . Martin point to a map , south of the wall be green , north of wall be red . master chief martin ( point to red - zone ) we will shuttle you six block north into enemy territory which will put you right up under he nose when he take he shot . Storm wind blast the tent flap open -- delta sniper in the middle of a fuck sandstorm ? master chief martin bring you goggle , bambi . we need to shut this shooter down . 129 ext . forward operating base 129 a stryker rumble out , head across the desert floor . 130 int . stryker 130 CHRIS sit up front , eye draw to a old mercede speed across the desert toward they . a train of dust plume behind it . as the vehicle pass -- ( ecu ) two iraqi men in the mercede hide they face behind keffiyeh . CHRIS what be that -- Chris whip around in he seat but can not look back . ( 03.18.14 ) 99 . 131 ext . guard post - continuous 131 marine gate -guard study the approach old mercede . marine gate guard ( key mike ) this be east gate . we have get a unknown vehicle come up fast . Guards roll out , gun up . mercede skid to a stop outside the serpentine barrier . Dust bloom from it . marine gate guard get out of the car ! now -- inside mercede two iraqi men eye the guard . the driver mutter something to the passenger and pop the trunk -- guard post guard , light with urgency , react as -- both men step out of the mercede , hand in air , circle toward the trunk . gate guard step away from the car ! gate guard # 2 ( fire warning shot ) -- move for the trunk you will be shot . guard Pov the two iraqi men duck behind the trunk . after a painfully long moment , they reemerge with -- gate guard ( oc ) Drop it ! right there ! Drop he now -- they drop a man bound in blood -smear plastic . guard barking order . the driver unwind he scarf to reveal -- messianic tribal leader ( shock green eye ) who confront Chris in Ramadi ; the one task with find the Butcher . tribal leader ( in Arabic ) tell the devil we find he Butcher . we will protect ourselves now . he wait for response . gun stay on he . the wind howl . close on butcher ( 03.18.14 ) 100 . beaten to within a inch of he life . bloody plastic suffocate he mouth as he try to inhale . 132 ext . sadr CITY - aerial shot - moment later 132 the stryker speed up a side - street into insurgent territory ( north of wall ) . next street over , pack of insurgent push south , toward the construction site . 133 ext . STREET , six block NORTH of t- wall - day 133 stryker slow . boot hit dirt , silently slip into -- 134 ext . banana factory , six block NORTH of t- wall - day 134 push upside a five story building . bomb - out wall reveal conveyor and fruit locker inside . rooftop a open rooftop , ranger one be conceal under a vent as insurgent pass in drove in the street below . ranger one ( os ) the street be crawl . hold you fire . across the roof , " D " on a .50 bmg look at the mile - wide sandstorm push toward Baghdad . " D " enter the fuckin sandman . CHRIS 3rd floor . in a fruit locker . breath racing . hand tremore . electricity coursing through he . gun point north , Chris search nearby building for the sniper . push behind he , six - block south to -- t-wall a crane lower a t-block . army engineer guide it in . enemy cross -hair enter frame ( reverse angle ) army engineer in the street signal success and another engineer scurries up the neck of the crane to release the chain . the cross-hair track the moving engineer and -- ( 03.18.14 ) 101 . boom ! a shot echoe across the landscape and topples the engineer from the crane . he land dead in the street . CHRIS hear it , pull off the gun , look behind he . CHRIS no -- ( key mike ) it come from behind we . we go the wrong way . he 's south of the wall . ranger one ( os ) ( over mike ) do not matter . hold you fire . we get ugly right below we -- Chris reposition himself , facing south -- he lower he eye to glass , bleed sweat , aim toward Baghdad . CHRIS scope Pov ( both eye view ) cross-hair track to distant rooftop . everything wobble and fume . trash blow , frond sway , curtain flap , mirage boil -- all gust different direction . almost by accident , he land on a impossibly SMALL shape . person ? a bag of trash ? or nothing at all . as small as a pepper- flake inside the radius of he scope . CHRIS ( oc ) ( into mike ) I get something . 1900 yard out . ranger one ( os ) you can not even see that far out . hold you fire . you will expose we all . he twitches and wobble off - target by a city block . " D " ( os ) he 's right , legend . no bueno . cross -hair tracking back , measure between mile - retical , calculate for distance . back on target : CHRIS ( oc ) correction . 2100 yard out . " D " that 's a mile . impossible shot . ( 03.18.14 ) 102 . CHRIS ( oc ) ( beat ) it 's he . enemy sniper hide the sniper be cover in a black hefty bag disguise he presentation , and identity . ready to kill again . CHRIS ( os ) ( over radio ) this be Charlie 7 bravo . we have eye on the target . initiate qrf . over . " D " ( os ) can you confirm it 's he . on CHRIS try to breathe it down , please god , breathe it down -- CHRIS ( os ) he have eye on we guy . ranger one ( os ) Quick reaction Force be 20 minute out . you will stand the fuck down -- Chris scoops dust off the floor and watch with he off - eye , as it blow off he palm and plume outward . " D " it 's you call , Chris . sniper scope Pov cross-hair track to the cluster of marine engineer . CHRIS ' scope Pov cross-hair wobble on the dark shape a mile away . " D " ( os ) if you get it , take it . ranger one ( os ) negative , negative -- CHRIS ( oc ) aim small . aim small . we zero - in on a small fold on that black bag . sfx : a low frequency buzz escalate as concentration deepen . ( 03.18.14 ) 103. close on sniper face obscure , a prayer hiss from he bearded mouth . close on CHRIS both eye open , a prayer whisper across he lip . CHRIS for biggles . close on sniper / close on CHRIS sfx : thump-thump .... thump-bam ! Chris fire first . the shot echoe across eternity . one , two , three second later . a red-mist paint the wind . the sniper tumble off he platform and out of view . CHRIS kyle tango down . the world rush back in , he hear insurgent below . STREET below factory insurgent point up at the building , yell , rush in -- rooftop Chris bang onto the roof , shake , join a 6 man squad . ranger one you just fuck we , legend -- ( scream into mike ) we need stryker and qrf unit , asap . CHRIS kyle he be on we boy and I take he out . ranger one we be fuck like a football bat . " D " Mission accomplish . biggles be proud . a look between they , fully aware of what come next . side view ( factory ) insurgent clear the second floor , bound toward -- rooftop ( 03.18.14 ) 104 . CHRIS and squad set - up fire station . CHRIS there be two way onto the roof . we cover both stairway and conserve ammo . mute nod all around . footstep come . this be it . " D " if you fng shit you pants , do not stop shoot . scoop and shoot . scoop and -- gunfire pop behind they . marine gunner light it up . CHRIS conserve -- opposite door bang open across the roof . Chris hammer the insurgent but he keep come , drugge up . two more roll out behind he , on the same glue . this be close - quarter contact , visceral and savage . in the STREET insurgent enter surround building in drove . rooftop wind kick up . ammo run out . insurgent keep come . worst environment imaginable . ranger one ( into mike ) negative , negative , danger - close , they be all over we -- " D " Drop motherfucker ! Drop ! CHRIS lace bad guy . pure brutality . they fall at he foot . tracers light from the next roof . " D " 3 o'clock . load . last mag . ranger one ( scream ) qrf be stick three block out . marine gunner I be out of ammo-- ( 03.18.14 ) 105 . insurgent use rebar to cross from a nearby rooftop . two way just become three . they be swarm they . hand- to-hand chaos . a bad way to die . ranger one I do not wanna get drag in the street -- " D " call it in . Light we up . Chris wield he .45 , spackle with blood -- CHRIS do it . call in we coordinate . ranger one ( key mike ) this be Rio two bravo , request ordinance drop . grid 04837959 . ( gunfire ) I know my fuck position ! they be right on top of we . Drop it ! radio goe static , he nod , it 's do . marine sniper white-side ! insurgent crossing the gap . Chris pivot -- transition to : drone footage of Chris on the roof of the banana Factory . surround street be fill with bad guy . we be -- 135 int . comm -op tent 135 wind battle tent . master chief martin stand over a navy dispatch operator , stare at the footage . master chief martin tell the pilot to turn it loose . dispatch operator look up , realize what 's happen . 136 ext . f-18 hornet 136 pilot look to he wing as stinger missile engage . pilot 3 - 4 , copy that . 30 second out . ( 03.18.14 ) 106 . on the rooftop two dozen insurgent surround they on the rooftop . CHRIS wait till a guy get right up on he and -- bam ! " D " you be up -- " D " trade the satellite phone for Chris ' Springfield . CHRIS -- you get four round . in they exchange , a unspoken goodbye . then -- Chris struggle to dial , hand shaking . it ring . he squint north . ring again . F - 18 rocketing toward he -- taya ( os ) hello ? Chris be stunne . she answer . he 's speechless . taya hello ? CHRIS ( struggle ) hey baby -- taya Chris -- what 's the noise ? wind howl . F - 18 close . taya I can not hear you -- CHRIS I be ready to come home . I be ready ... she start cry . the F - 18 almost upon they . taya what 's happen -- CHRIS -- I be come home . can you hear I ? taya Chris -- F - 18 second out . Chris look up and see -- ( 03.18.14 ) 107 . the sandstorm have shift . a tsunami of dirt be about to swallow they . f-18 raptor the pilot fly into the storm . sensor scream . he can not hold he line . 4 , 3 , 2 -- he pull up early . rooftop hellfire missile scream over the banana factory and explode into the next building . Fire and dirt engulf they . the blast recede but the sand -storm escalate . CHRIS go , go , let 's move -- he lead " D " , ranger one and four other across the roof . they stumble past insurgent , blind by sand . STREET below CHRIS and squad stagger into howling chaos , cling to each other , trail Chris as gunfire pop behind they . CHRIS ( choke , into mike ) stryker - 3 , what 's you location -- a insurgent be blow right into they . " D " wrestle he gun away and beat he with it . CHRIS hold there ! we be 30 second out -- ( point ahead ) go. straight ahead . go -- they run for they life . unable to see two foot ahead . Sand shredd they skin . Chris be struggle -- squad pass he . knee fail he . he can not keep up . int . stryker the gunner stare at remote weapon screen when six figure emerge from the dust . he 's about to fire -- gunner bdus -- that 's they ! Drop the ramp . the ramp drop . STORM howling . ranger -one dive in , marine follow , then " D " roll in . the rig pull off . ( 03.18.14 ) 108 . " D " where 's Chris ? he be just -- in the STREET Chris falter forward . insurgent pursue . the stryker just visible ahead -- pull away . in the stryker m2 gunner can not see shit on he monitor . " D " -- stop the rig , man ! stop -- driver I do not see he -- in the STREET Chris be ten foot behind the rig , sprinting . bullet sing past . he shed flack - jacket and webbing , Bible and flag . he drop he gun in the dirt and dive . his hand clutches the last rung of slat- armor and -- Chris Kyle be drag off the battlefield . in the STREET Sand bury the metallic toy soldier that follow he since childhood . wind whip page of the Bible and pull at the flag until it flap unfold . we're blown away with it , twist and clap into a otherworldy beige . in the STORM we catch glimpsis of the city below : graffiti'd t-wall , a crack expanse of desert floor and the lanky body of a enemy sniper splay across a rooftop . wind rip the hefty bag away and sand pock the dead face of mustafa -- before we be sweep up into the howling rage . long fade : 137 omitted 137 138 omitted 138 139 omitted 139 ( 03.18.14 ) 109 . 140 omitted 140 140a int . airport bar - night 140 a CHRIS sit hunch at the bar , he eye track patron and staff ( ecu ) they hand , torso , eye . he phone ring . CHRIS ( into phone ) -- hello ? taya ( os ) where be you ? I get a weird message that you be on a plane ? he can hear the kide in the background . CHRIS ( into phone ) yeah , I get out early . taya ( os ) so be you in Germany , or -- CHRIS I be here , I be stateside . taya ( os ) you be home ? what be you do ? CHRIS ( look around for answer ) I guess I just need a minute . taya ( os ) Chris , the kid be die to see you . it 's be nine month . CHRIS yeah , I know ... I too . I be come . taya ( os ) ( pause ) be you alright ? CHRIS yeah . I be good . taya ( os ) then come home . we miss you . he nod silently , listen to he kid . ( 03.18.14 ) 110 . CHRIS okay . 141 omitted 141 141a int . kyle home 141a close on - the back of Chris ' head . he watch a war movie on tv . as camera circle the room , we glimpse the movie ; a injure soldier call for help amid shocking gunfire . tracking behind the tv , we see Chris ' wringht face and a household bustling around he . colton carry party plate outside , mckenna fight to get cowboy boot on and - taya call to he from the kitchen but we can not hear she until the camera track to her Pov -- the gunfire be go , the tv be off . that war movie be play in he head . taya Chris ...? he finally look up , slick with sweat , affect calm . 142 ext . backyard - day 142 streamer twist against gunmetal sky . colton and mckenna set up birthday decoration . the family dog , a pyrenee sheepdog , bound about . taya and CHRIS , on back step . taya -- he game be Saturday . he 's the tallest kid on the team . the doctor say he could be six - four . I can not wait for you to see he play . maybe you could even coach ? Chris look past he kid , look a thousand yard out . taya mckenna 's about to lose that tooth and I be worried she 's go to swallow it . she say she would let you pull it . but only you . his head fall . when he look up -- colton' birthday party underway 6 year old and parent mill around but all we hear -- ( 03.18.14 ) 111. taya ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) I wish you would talk to I , Chris . colton and two friend chase each other around the yard . taya ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) I just feel this dark space between we and I do not know how to reach you . the sheepdog jump on the back of colton' friend . the boy go down hard , get up cry , run from the dog . the Sheepdog do it again . the boy fall and he crying be cut into scene . the boy' mom run over . his back claw up . boy' mom get he off ! get away -- Chris rip the dog off by its collar . the dog snap at he and in a instant he whip out he .45 to shoot it . taya ( oc ) no ! he 's a puppy . he do not know ! Chris look up , bent with animus , and he 's look at the face of he child , they friend , and they parent -- they look at he , terrify . he release the dog . lose . 143 omitted 143 144 omitted 144 145 omitted 145 146 omitted 146 147 omitted 147 148 int . veteran' hospital - day 148 harsh light . Water -stain wall . CHRIS look beat , afraid and dubious of this buttoned - down doctor . ( 03.18.14 ) 112. doctor maybe you see thing , or do some thing over there that you wish you have not -- CHRIS that 's not I . doctor what 's not you ? CHRIS I be just protect my guy . they be try to kill we soldier and -- I be willing to stand before my creator and answer for every shot I take . ( struggle ) the thing that haunt I be all the guy I could not save . navy doctor you want to save more guy , walk down any hall in this hospital . we get plenty soldier that need save . ( pull prescription pad ) I be go to recommend Zoloft and -- 149 omitted 149 150 ext . / int . rec room 150 CHRIS step to a window look in on ten young veteran sit around a tv ; wounded , edgy , in need . a legless Marine with a jelly - roll face look up ; this be " wynn " . 151 ext . shoot range , unidentifiable locale - day 151 CHRIS kneel before wynn ( wheelchair ) who 's armed with a .300 rest on Chris ' shoulder . wynn take aim , fire -- CHRIS how 's it feel ? wynn feel like the legend be try to fuck up my shot . stay still , man . gun on shoulder , Chris be calm , he 's find peace . bam ! wynn bull -eye , boy ! damn , if that do not feel like I get my ball back . ( 03.18.14 ) 113. Chris dust himself off . there 's heal here . wynn why you spend all this time with we ? I know you get a family . CHRIS I hear you have a nice boot collection before the war and -- wynn ( laugh ) seriously man . why do you do it . CHRIS we gotta take care of we own . Chris squint into the fall sun and time pass with -- long fade : 151a ext . roadway 151a the black f350 roar past a " welcome to Texas " sign on the interstate . 152 omitted 152 153 ext . kyle home - midlothian , TEXAS - day 153 a residential neighborhood . Texas flag wave from stoops . CHRIS and colton carry box inside . " max the sheepdog " bound along with they and never leave Chris ' side . bedroom Chris enter to find taya have place he old cowboy boot at the foot of the bed . he take a seat and look down at the combat boot on he foot . he bend to unlace they -- 153a ext . pasture , TEXAS - day 153a a pale stallion gallop through prairie grass . Chris and mckenna admire it from a rustic fence . her pink cowboy boot kick Texas dust onto he old boot . ( 03.18.14 ) 114 . 153b int . bathroom , kyle home - day 153b Chris be shower when taya sneak in and flush the toilet . he howl at the scalding water and she 's laugh , rush for the door when -- he lunge out and grab she , pull she in with all she clothes on . 154 omitted 154 155 omitted 155 156 ext . field - dawn 156 under a watercolor dawn , CHRIS lead colton across a prairie , hunt rifle on shoulder , teach as they go . the score build and follow they into morning . 157 int . kyle house - day 157 Dust mote drift across blade of light fall through blind onto CHRIS . he wear the belt buckle he win long ago , pleate Levis , and twirl a antique six -shooter . CHRIS get `em up , lil ' lady . hand in the air . taya be at the window gaze at they kid in the yard . taya can I tell you something . CHRIS tell it to the judge . taya I be proud of you and I do not say it enough . I feel bless . you be a incredible father and -- I feel lucky to have my husband back . CHRIS we could lock the door . they can not get out of the yard . taya I know how hard you fight to get here . ( 03.18.14 ) 115 . CHRIS you be worth fight for . she cross to he , run a hand up he leg . taya do you pleat that jeans ? CHRIS yes , mar 'am . right up the middle . taya well , you be just a regular old cowboy again , be not you ? he kiss she , lift she -- CHRIS I mean what I say about lock the door . taya be not you and Chad go to the range ? CHRIS ( check watch ) not for four minute . taya be that all it take . CHRIS it will take half that . then I get two minute leftover just to look at you . he sway with she , dance a little two-step . taya who be you take out ? CHRIS this Marine . his mom do parking at school and she ask for my help . taya well do not be late for dinner . colton and mckenna race in , hugging on they dad . colton dad , you want to play skylander ? please -- ( 03.18.14 ) 116 . CHRIS I gotta go do something but when I get back , okay ? but you have to let I win . colton no way . mckenna poke the bear -- mckenna poke Chris and he bark like a dog . mckenna no . you be suppose to roar . like grrr. she poke he again and Chris emit a rumbling roar . she giggle and hug he so he will save she . CHRIS I should get go ... he kiss he daughter and toss he son 's hair . CHRIS look after we woman , bubba . ( turn to taya ) Love you , babe . taya Love you too . Chris kiss taya and linger , worshipe she . Dust mote drift past and he appear immortal in the blade light . then -- he walk out the door for the last time . the house grow quiet . Colton play video game . mckenna color . the dog lay by the door . and taya stand in the golden light . fade to black : card ( 1 ) : " on February 2 , 2013 , Chris Kyle be kill by a former Marine he be try to help . he die as he live ... look after one of he own . " out of black : 157a ext . TEXAS highway 157a rain fall to Randy Travis sing amazing Grace . ( 03.18.14 ) 117 . actual footage : a funeral procession appear over a distant ridge . Police escort lead a white hearse and 300 vehicle down a highway line with people wave flag . the last car finally pass . a unknown civilian stand alone in a muddy field salute a fall hero . CUT to black .