fade in : int . vaudeville theater - night a black signboard at the edge of the stage read eton and farrell in white Art Deco type . a piano play . the voice of RUTH eton begin warbling the verse of " if I could be with you ( one hour to-night ) " a pop tune by Henry creamer and Jimmy Johnson . we pan from the signboard , across the stage , past Ruth 's studly accompanist eddie farrell , and hold on Ruth , a sad -ey jazz singer in a sexy black dress who stand in front of the grand piano , a scarf in she hand . RUTH ( sing ) I be so blue I do not know what to do all day through I be pine just for you I do wrong when I let you go away and now I grieve about you night and day I be unhappy and dissatisfied but I would be happy if I have you by my side ... as Ruth begin the refrain , a unseen orchestra join in . RUTH ( sing ) if I could be with you I would love you strong if I could be with you I would love you long I want you to know that I would not go until I tell you , honey , that I love you so Eddie sing the second half of the refrain , not nearly as well as Ruth . eddie ( sing ) if I be free to do the thing with you if I could do the thing I know I would do I be tell you true I would be anything but blue if I could be with you Ruth take the second refrain in a faster , rhythmically complex tempo . RUTH ( sing ) if I could be with you I would love you strong if I could be with you I would love you long I want you to know that I would not go until I tell you , honey , that I love you so if I could be with you one hour tonight if I be free to do the thing I might I be tell you I would be anything but blue if I could be with you for just one hour if I could be with you Ruth bow to the audience as they applaud . she gesture to Eddie who rise and bow . dissolve to : int . ruth's dressing room - night Ruth 's agent enter the room look for she : tall anglo - saxon jim and heavily - accented jewish cigar -smoker saul . Ruth be out of view , change clothes behind a screen . jim oh , Ruth ! Ruth ! ruth's voice hello ? saul hey , Ruth ! ruth's voice hello ! sit down , make yourselves at home . I will be out in a second . saul strike a match on the wall and light he cigar while Jim take a seat . jim you certainly wow them tonight , ruthie ! saul you certainly do ! five curtain call and they could have rung up again . ( sit ) but I do not blame you , honey . leave them hungry . Ruth emerge in a plain white dress . the agent rise to greet she . jim hello , Ruth . RUTH hello , boy ! saul hello , Ruth ! RUTH to what do I owe the honor of this visit ? unwrap the bad news . jim you worry about bad news after ...? saul you worry ! mm-mm ! such a performer ! it be to laugh , be not it , Jim ? heh ! the office want to give you a new roof . such a roof ! mm-mm ! start with the Palace , headline billing . even the Colonel ' 1ll tell you to sign . RUTH all right , all right . let 's have the " put - - " saul ( laugh ) cute , be not it ? it 's no " but , " ruthie -- it 's a " because " ! RUTH well , because what -- ? jim ( hesitant ) well , be -- because of you partner . they do not want farrell -- and you do not need he . oh , why should we beat around the bush ? RUTH they do not want Eddie ? saul they do not want Eddie -- that 's the truth , straight from the suspender . RUTH well , what 's the matter with he ? why do not they want he ? saul ( hold up two finger ) I can tell you in just two word what 's the matter with he : ( count off ) Im - possible . RUTH ( upset ) well , if they do not want Eddie farrell , they can not have I . she retreat to she dress table and sit , fix she hair and powder she nose . the agent follow and stand on either side of she . saul never mind the display of temperature ! but , listen , it 's for you own good ! jim Ruth , it be not we , it 's the office . they do not want he . RUTH you do not understand . I could not break with Eddie . jim oh , I get it . Love certainly make the world go ' round . RUTH oh , I know Eddie 's no wonder but he 's young and he will develop . jim sure , he will develop lockjaw the way he try to sing . the agent walk off in disgust . Ruth rise and confront saul while Jim take a seat . RUTH please , saul , listen . I can talk to you as a friend . let we lay off a couple of month . I be work with Eddie . I will give he poise and polish and I will show he how to wear clothes . saul say , what 's go on here ? RUTH aw , he have the making . I will teach he how to sell a song and all you have to do be to book we into the strand and have the office catch the act . jim yeah , I know . and in Newark , you will want we to look at you in trenton . saul yeah , and in trenton , you will want we to go to poughkeepsie . and in my condition --! RUTH say , saul , with you drag up in that office , you will not have any trouble stalling they off a few month . tell them -- aw , tell ‘em my health 's bad . tell they anything . ( voice break ) I do not care anything about the money . I want Eddie to come through and I know he can do it . saul a few month ?! RUTH a few month . what 's the difference ? saul say , it 's a big difference between you and Eddie . you be marvelous . and he 's , uh , er say , Jim . what 's the opposite of marvelous ? jim ( with a dismissive wave ) that 's Eddie . fade out title ( to a slow instrumental version of " if I could be with you " ) : Eddie hitched he wagon to a star -- and be on he way to success . fade in : int . rehearsal - night Ruth play piano and look admiringly at Eddie who , with a knee on the piano bench , stand next to she , sing a line from " the kiss waltz , " a ballad by Al dubin and Joe burke : eddie ( sing ) kiss I , sweetheart RUTH ( stop play ) oh , that 's much better , darling . but when you sing the word " sweetheart " open you mouth . do not sing through you nose . and try this little slur of mine : ( sing and play ) ki-iss I , swee - ee -eetheart ( speak ) now , you try it . but Eddie grab she hand lovingly and sit beside she on the bench . eddie oh , say , honey , you be great to work with I like this . but I do not kid myself . I know you do not need I . RUTH do not need you ? why , I would not go on without you . and if you ask I , you be get along wonderful . eddie on the level ? say , if ever I do get anywhere RUTH well , what ? eddie well ... you figure it out . RUTH well , as long as I have you by my side , I be happy . eddie oh ho . that sound like a music cue , do not it ? RUTH it be . she begin to play . eddie ( sing ) this waltz be the kiss waltz ( rise and sing as if onstage ) telling we both what to do quick dissolve to : int . vaudeville theater - night Eddie , in a tuxedo , stand onstage with Ruth beside he look on proudly as he complete the song : eddie ( sing ) kiss I , sweetheart , kiss I while I dance the kiss waltz with you Eddie bow twice to the audience 's applause , then turn to Ruth . they exchange bow . dissolve to : ext . theater - night Ruth and Eddie exit out the stage door . a crowd of young woman push past Ruth to get to Eddie and surround he , chatter excitedly . Agents Jim and saul arrive from the opposite direction from the girl and stare at the scene . Eddie sign autograph and chat with he ador fan while a bemuse Ruth shake she head and walk away . saul can you beat it ? six month ago that guy be a bust ! jim and now he 's a natural . saul yeah , a natural imitation of Ruth eton . she teach he everything . and such a matinee idol ! mm ! the crowd disperse and Eddie greet Jim and saul with handshake . eddie hello , saul ! saul hello , Eddie ! eddie hello , Jim ! jim hello , Eddie ! oh , say , Eddie . if we be not break into you social life saul hey , listen , Eddie , we have get to talk to you . it 's important . eddie yeah ? saul shienfeld be put on he new ritz revue and we get a swell offer for you . you have be in vaudeville long enough . eddie say , I would like to be with that outfit . think we ought to take it ? saul it be not a " we " proposition , Eddie . they want you . eddie they do not want Ruth ? saul pre-zactly ! eddie well , what will I do with she ? saul say , why should you worry about she ? she can take care of herself . she do not do anything anymore in the act anyway . eddie well , she 's get to live . jim oh , do not worry . Ruth can play the small time just as long as she like . eddie ( almost persuade ) well , I guess that could be arrange . saul say , why should you worry ? you have get you own trouble . you know how this business be . today , you be upstairs . and tomorrow -- who know ? -- you be in the cellar , be not you ? eddie ( convinced ) well , I guess you be right . you know , I have always want to be with that -- the three man start talk simultaneously as they walk off . fade out title ( to a fast instrumental version of " if I could be with you " ) : Ruth learn that on Broadway the billing be over when the coo stop . fade in : int . apartment - day Ruth open the door to she kitchen and turn to see a frame photo of Eddie on a table beside she chair in the live room . she sit in the chair , pick up the photo , stare at it a moment , set it down , then turn away sadly , bury she head in she shoulder . Ruth 's roommate marge enter , carry package . marge hello , Ruth . RUTH ( try to get a grip ) hello , marge . marge put the package in the kitchen and return to the live to discard she purse , hat and coat . marge be a low - pay , wise - crack chorus girl , always on the lookout for a man or a buck . marge well , here I be -- all tired out . I have be from five - and - ten cent store to five - and - ten cent store . just could not find a fur coat to fit I . RUTH ( laugh ) gee , I wish I have you disposition . what be all the bundle ? marge ( pull out a card table ) ration , dearie , ration . it look like a hard winter -- we might as well eat while we can . throughout the follow , marge set up the table next to Ruth , cover it with a tablecloth , bring cup , food , a chair , etc . RUTH fix something for yourself . I be not hungry . marge oh , I have bring some swell corn beef . ( off Eddie 's photo ) I think it would be a change from that ham o' yours . RUTH ( take photo and stare at it ) aw , Eddie be all right until success go to he head . marge yeah , it go to the place where it have the most room . RUTH somehow I - I just can not work without he . Ruth put the photo back . marge aw , come on , brace up ! come on , show I the chinaware , will ya ? RUTH ( faint grin , head down ) aw , I will get over it , I guess . marge sure . Love them , tease them , and give them the ozone . RUTH that 's all right when you be play with number . but when you have just get one who 's ... be everything to you . marge say , you sound like a page out of " true Confession " ! RUTH well , I feel worse . and think how hard I work with he . that 's gratitude . marge yeah , when you first know he , he could not carry a tune if it have a handle . RUTH and this be the thanks I get for it . marge oh , you will get over it . I have have more knock in this racket than a crosstown bus . and I be in this game since the Big dipper be just a drink cup . RUTH ( chuckle ) it 's the woman who pay . marge bring a coffee pot to the table and sit . marge well , why do not you stop pay and do some play ? say , you know , you have pass up more offer this week -- and for what ? RUTH well , I just can not get he out of my mind . marge oh , that ungrateful double -crosser ... say do you know if you be drown , he would turn a hose on you . RUTH well , I be not drown yet . marge yeah . with that eye and that shape , you will always be able to stand up . RUTH maybe it would be better if I try to forget he . marge better ? you be speak mildly . RUTH will you help I ? marge will I help you ? can lindbergh fly ? marge fork some corn beef onto a plate for Ruth . marge come on , eat some of this . RUTH mmmm . it do smell good . Ruth move closer to the table , put a napkin in she lap , she tea , etc . marge listen , after you have huddle up with this corn beef , you will have a better outlook on life . and after we finish , we will put on some powder and go gun for big game . RUTH ( laugh ) I believe you will help I to forget he after all . marge forget he ? say , you will forget that that ivory - tickler ever exist . Ruth sip she tea thoughtfully as we fade out sugar insert ( to a sad instrumental version of " if I could be with you " ) : a newspaper article . the headline read : Eddie farrell , revue Star suddenly lose Voice Broadway playboy stricken at Party the article , next to a photo of Eddie , read : Eddie farrell , famous tenor who have be touring the inter -mountain circuit and other well - know vaudeville circuit , be suddenly stricken at a theatrical party give by florenz shufield . dissolve to : int . train compartment - day [ we know we be on a train because we hear train SOUND effect and a porter enter after the first line and wander around in the background . ] four man , all faceless show - biz type , sit around while one of they deal out four hand of play card atop some suitcase . the first man read a newspaper which presumably contain the above article . first man well , there 's the guy that get just what be come to he . second man it 's the old story . wine , woman , and sauerkraut . third man in other word , the boy go the way of all fish . first man this paper say it start with a case of laryngitis . third man well , that ham would drink anything . FOURTH man ( deal the card ) Eddie 's no ham . you can cure a ham . second man and what a terrible deal he give that eton girl . first man I should say so . she teach he everything he know . nothing but a stooge piano player till she straighten he out . the man begin to play . the game be bridge : FOURTH man pass . third man one club . first man one no -trump . third man well , just the same , boy , do not forget to be at that benefit Sunday night . FOURTH man do not worry , we will be there with bell . second man never mind the belle . that 's what put farrell on the bum . two diamond . fade out insert ( to a rouse fanfare ) : a page of the program for the Sunday night benefit : monster benefit for eddie farrell the follow guest artist will positively appear : joe frisco jim barton trixie friganza eddie foy , JR . walter winchell ann seymour MARK hellinger joe penner helen broderick ROBERT L. ripley willie howard sylvia howard york & king and other well - know artist [ sic ] at the winter garden Broadway and 51st Street New York City dissolve to : int . winter garden theater - night a full house . the orchestra leader conduct the rouse fanfare . the music stop as the show 's tuxedoe master of ceremonies walk onstage . the m.c. lady and gentleman . we have wait as long as possible . I regret very much to announce that all the star to appear , none have show up . you money will be refunded at the box office . however , before you go , I wish to state that we have with we tonight a very unexpected guest performer . a girl none of we can forget . Eddie farrell 's old partner , miss Ruth eton . the audience applaud . the m.c . thank you . the m.c. turn and beckon to Ruth offstage . the m.c . oh , ruthie ? ( to the audience ) miss eton . music begin , light go down , the m.c. retreat . Ruth , dress in ordinary street clothes , walk to center stage , she head down , she purse and glove in she hand . she pause , look out at the audience sadly ... and sing the verse and one refrain of the torch song " do not tell him what happen to I " ( by b.g . De sylva , lew Brown and Ray Henderson ) in one long glorious take : CUT to throat resume RUTH ( sing ) I love he , I lose he he crave a thrill I can not forget he I love he still it 's over , all over and yet I find that he 's always on my mind tell I where he be , tell I where he go tell I what he do , tell I who he know but do not tell he what happen to I if he say he life now be like a song tell he he be right , tell he I be wrong but do not tell he what happen to I let he remember I as I use to be when he love for I make I strong and free ask he if the new kiss be divine ask he if they thrill just as much as mine but do not tell he what happen to I eddie watch from the wing . he clutches he laryngitic and express guilt and remorse . on RUTH as she sing another half refrain of the song : RUTH ( sing , clutches she purse ) let he remember I as I use to be when he love for I make I strong and free I wonder if the new kiss be divine I wonder if they thrill just as much as mine oh , do not tell he what happen to I the music end . Ruth , head bow , walk off . the audience applaud and rise -- whether to begin a stand ovation or to go home be not entirely clear . CUT to : int . backstage - night it 's dark . a single stage lamp provide all the illumination . a irishman , in overall , sweep the floor with a broom as a emotionally - drain Ruth walk past . irishman ( pleasantly ) good night , mar 'am . RUTH ( listlessly ) good night . the irishman walk off as Eddie , hat in hand , emerge from some curtain and step in Ruth 's path . she pause , look up , and recognize he . RUTH oh . eddie yes , it 's I . they stand alone in the darken backstage with the one lamp glow between they . RUTH hello , Eddie . eddie ( genuinely ) yes , I have to see you . as much as you must hate I for the way I have treat you . but I get what be come to I . and I see now that I deserve it . that fair - weather friend of mine certainly put the skid under I plenty . just think of it . not one of they show up . gee , Ruth , you be great . Ruth can not meet he eye . eddie ( lightly ) I use to play the piano pretty well in you act . do not I ? I mean , as piano player go . well , maybe ... maybe I could come back . Ruth look straight at he . eddie farrell 's the name . he offer he hand . she take it . RUTH come up tomorrow for a audition ? relieved , Eddie hold she hand in both of he . eddie can I bring the ring ? RUTH what ring ? eddie we be two - third marry now , be not we ? RUTH what do you mean ? eddie well , I be willing , the preacher 's willing he do not need to finish . Ruth grin and put she head to he shoulder . Eddie embrace she . we hear a jaunty version of " if I could be with you " as we fade out