for you consideration 2013 one chance best writing ( original screenplay ) Justin Zackham one chance write by Justin Zackham one chance int . ST . catherine 's church - day where a church choir comprise of ordinary welsh face , begin a medley of '' God Rest ye merry gentlemen '' ... the chirpy rendition continue over the follow scene ... int . princess of wale hospital , emergency room - day the door fly open as a team of ems worker wheel in a young paul pott ( 9 ) lie on a gurney . his parent roland and yvonne pott follow . dr . thorpe ( 29 ) a new intern meet the team along with a nurse ... female ems male , nine year old , possible rupture eardrum . yvonne his name 's Paul . dr . thorpe right . room three , please . he follow the gurney into a triage room , while the nurse waylay roland and yvonne with she clipboard . nurse you be he parent ? yvonne that 's right . nurse I ’‘1l just need to get some basic information from you . roland ( to he anxious wife ) he will be alright . nurse ( fill in a form ) right , so it 's Paul ... last name please ? roland pott . p , o , double -t , S. nurse Paul pott . like the cambodian dictator who massacre all the --? yvonne ( for the millionth time ... ) not at all like the cambodian dictator . nurse right . int . ST . catherine 's church - day ( flashback ) Shots of the choir ... four row deep ... first and third row lead the song ; row two and four follow several bar behind ... all eye on the peripatetic choirmaster ... several row behind the fourth row , Paul stand alone , sing with gale - force might ... young paul o tiding of comfort and joy , comfort and joy . o tiding of comfort and joy . several member of the fourth row wince at the decibel level as -- int . traige room three - day the gurney be lock into position as the medical team take over . yvonne wring she hand in the doorway . dr . thorpe how long since it occur ? yvonne about a bour . they say he just collapse after he solo . roland Miracle he have not rupture we eardrum from all he hoot and holler . yvonne ( elbow she husband ) he 's a passionate singer . int . ST . catherine 's church - day ( flashback ) where Paul sway as he solos with eye fervently shut , hand clench , voice like a wind throughout the cathedral ... young paul fear not then say the angel , let nothing you affright . this day be bear a savoir of a pure virgin bright . to free all that who trust in him -- choir -- from Satan 's power and might . o tiding of comfort and joy . a distinct thump be hear ... the member of the fourth row look over they shoulder to find Paul be vanish from sight . choir ( cont 'd ) Comfort and joy . o tiding of comfort and jjoy - int . emergency hallway - day as Paul be wheeled into surgery . Young Dr. thorpe , now in gown and glove , meet he parent at the door ... dr . thorpe -- get some fluid build - up in the middle ear . not to worry , we will have he right as rain in no time . yvonne so you have do this sort of thing before ? dr . thorpe of course . well , not with anyone still breathe ... ( realize the faux pas ) I be still new , but rest assure , live or dead , the bit be all the same once you start digging around inside . ( now they be freak ) Cafe 's just down the hall . he head into surgery ... as the door swing shut -- roland ( arm around he wife ) he will be just fine . match CUT to : ext . pott house - day ( several day later ) a two -story row house adjoin on either side and identical to the sixty other home on the block . the door slam behind Paul , who stand on the landing , carry he school bag . he pat the large bandage mummify he repair ear , then look both way before descend the step to the sidewalk . he check he surroundings again before venture out the gate and turn down the road . matthew there he be ! get ‘im ! Paul run as a flock of scream young boy cross the road , hot on he heel ... they scream blend into the continue choral medley as we return to ... int . ST . catherine 's church - day where the same welsh choir-face , several year older now , continue the song with undiminished fervor over -- ext . port talbot , wale - day establish shot of this gray , industrial steel - town huddle on the edge of the celtic Sea . from above the city , we see Paul , a lone figure run down the center of a road ... a moment later the group of boy appear in close pursuit until they catch he and start punch ... int . ST . catherine 's church - day reveal that the row behind the choir be empty ... and yet , Paul 's voice rise above the rest , though it sound impossibly far away ... ext . port talbot STREET - day Paul tear around a corner , the lead pursuer close behind he ... he 's slightly older now , closer to thirteen or fourteen with a few extra pound ... he cut across a busy intersection , narrowly avoid a lorry which momentarily cut off he pursuer ... ext . busy STREET - day Paul weave through pedestrian . he 's age again , near eighteen , and puffing even harder with the extra weight . the boy chase he appear older , larger , and there be more of they than before and they be gain on he . ext . alley - day Paul turn down the empty alley , lose he schoolbag to the clutching hand of the close pursuer ... near the alley 's end , Paul veer wide to the leave in anticipation , then cut right , barely fitting he belly through a narrow pedestrian open ... the lead boy miss the turn , smack into the alley wall and crumple ... int . ST . catherine 's church - day Paul 's hide voice be somewhat louder now as the camera look down on the choir from above ... ext . OPEN STREET - day Paul look back to see he lead have widen . he smile then turn forward a instant too late to avoid the newly construct scaffold on the sidewalk ... he open he mouth to scream ... CUT to : ext . OPEN STREET - day where Paul lie on the ground , mouth bleed , bully stand over he , laugh . matthew , the toughest of the lot , lean forward and allow a stream of spit to dribble onto Paul 's cheek where it mix with the blood from he ruin mouth . int . princess of wale hospital , emergency room - day as Paul be bring in on another gurney where he 's meet by , a slightly age Dr. thorpe . dr . thorpe what have we get ? choir among you friend and kindre that live both far and near . int . ST . catherine 's church - day camera pull out of the shattered mouth of paul , now in he twenty , sing , with reckless fervor through the shard of two badly break front tooth ... camera continue pull back to reveal he be alone , in the upper choir loft , a good twenty foot above the rest of the choir . choir ( v.o . ) that god send you a happy new year , happy new year . that god send you a happy new year . int . ST . catherine 's church - day the choirmaster 's fist clench shut , silencing the choir . choirmaster that 's very nice indeed . fade to black . int . car phone warehouse - night wall line with various phone and phone accessory . braddon ( 34 ) , painfully thin with spiky hair , bad skin and elvish ear-extension , hit on a female customer . braddon now this one come with customizable ringtone and dual vibrate mode , which can come in quite handy in certain situation . the bell jingle as Paul walk in quietly . female customer and what situation would that be ? braddon ( lean closer ) what have you get in mind ? female customer I would like a word with you manager . he show she he employee badge , that read '' manager '' just below he name , '' braddon mellins '' . braddon what seem to be the problem , miss ? female customer they should lock you up . braddon bondage ? naughty , cheeky , but presto , you talk I into it . she storm out ... braddon ( cont 'd ) come see we again soon . --- pass Paul who offer a tentative , close - mouth smile to braddon . hand he paul better luck next time . braddon it 's quantum algebra , mate ; if I offer my personal service to twenty woman , one point three of they be certain to shag I blind . paul how many have say yes so far ? braddon ( calculate ) s’about ... I be still tinkering with the approach , but erection be the mother of invention , yes ? right , what can we do ya for ? something compact , ' round five - hundred minute a month with unlimited text and a free shave kit ? paul actually , I be wonder if the position 's still open . braddon the position ? paul the job . braddon you want to work here , what in god 's name for ? paul because I love mobile phone ? braddon lying will get you everywhere . a application , then snatch it back ... braddon ( cont 'd ) have you get a girlfriend ? paul yes ? well , sort of -- not really . braddon snatch the application back again ... braddon boyfriend then ? paul oh no , she 's definitely a girl , I be sure of it . braddon okay , as long as you be sure . Paul take the application and get to work . ext . port talbot STREET - night Paul walk home from the interview , pass a pub , the Forge tavern , from which numerous union men have spill out onto the sidewalk . Paul lower he head and give the man a wide berth , until one drunk man stumble into he and '' accidentally '' drop he beer . first drunk watch where you be go , martha . paul sorry . he try not to break stride , but the man grab he arm threateningly ... first drunk sorry be not gonna pay for a new pint , be it ? suddenly , the drunk be jerk backwards and end up on he ass . roland ( stand over he ) I ’‘1l thank you to leave he alone now , Peter . first drunk ' not my fault he can not walk straight . second drunk probably ' cause he tooth be all crooked . third drunk or it 's that enormous ass of he . roland one more word . second drunk and what ? roland and you next shift will be in the queue at the unemployment office . finally , they all back down to he seniority . roland help the first drunk to he foot -- roland ( cont 'd ) now come on Bill and apologize to -- but Paul be go . ext . quiet STREET - night Paul walk down the center of the road . roland jog after he . roland all right ? paul I be fine , dad . roland Pete 's a good lad , he 's just in he cup be all . Paul do not respond . they walk for a moment . roland ( cont 'd ) maybe if you join a fitness club . lifted some weight . paul yeah ? roland I be just say ... maybe losin 's a few stone you would not provoke they as much . Paul look away ; not the first time he 's hear this brand of logic from he father . paul I get a job . 10 . roland what , that bloody musical down the community centre ? paul mobile phone shop in bridgend . roland oh ... well do ... so , you will be get you own place then ? paul actually , um , I have be save up for opera lesson ... in Italy . roland you be twenty - nine year old , Paul . sing lesson can wait . they turn up the path to they home . Paul hesitates a moment let roland go up the step ahead of he . furious , he open he mouth to speak , but lose he nerve ... Music be hear - pavarotti sing '' che gelida manina '' from La boeme . CUT to : a lp cover ; pavarotti in full clown ( canio from pagliacct ) int . paul 's bedroom - night track across wall plaster with poster and download print-out of image from the opera world : the Three tenor ; caruso ; a program from La traviata in Rome ; and finally a virtual shrine to pavarotti , he great hero ... ending on : a pair of knitting needle point skyward , quivering slightly in anticipation ... then slice and wave through the air as Paul angrily '' conduct '' the music as the refrain kick in . gradually , Paul be envelop and the thrashing needle slow and subside and finally slip to the ground as , panting , he stop the record , revealing a muffle banging come from downstairs . 11 . int . kitchen - night as Paul make he way down the stair and into the kitchen where roland be already at the table . roland always with the bloody violin . wo not shed a tear when they have pack and go . yvonne ( serve dinner ) what do you mean go ? Paul , be you go somewhere . paul Venice . roland oh no , this sing rubbish have go on long enough . he 's get a job , he can get he own flat . yvonne pish-posh . ( to Paul ) stay forever darling . here you be . as she place a enormous plate in front of Paul . roland Christ , yvonne , he can hardly fit through the door as it be . paul ( to roland ) look , I get it . I be never go to be a professional singer . I just ... it 's the only thing that make I -- let I go to Venice and I will move out when I get back . yvonne look at roland , eye plead Paul 's case . CUT to : int . stiarwell - day as Paul , gasp and sweat and carry two move box , climb several flight up the increasingly narrow staircase until he reach the top floor and the door to -- 12 . int . a tiny studio apartment - day where he drop the box alongside several other . the room be partially unpack with he picture of pavarotti and toscanini already hang with prominence , and he computer have be set up atop a '' desk '' make from several other box . a chiming / bouncing message be see on the screen ... Paul click on the message revealing a kitty - kat avatar , which expands into a Chat invitation from '' julzRulz '' . julz ( type ) how do it go ? Paul type he response ... paul how do what go ? julz job ? Italy ? job ? Italy ? paul job , yes . smallest apartment in Britain , yes . Italy , no . how be you ? julz I be so sorry , Paul . I guess you will have to settle for visit I in bristol . hint. hint. ;) :) a beat as Paul flush ... he type ... paul I would love to , but the job start tomorrow and until I get the cast off my leg , it 's too difficult for I to get around . Paul grimace at the lie . julz ( after a beat ... ) right . paul if I ask you something , promise not to get offended ? julz anything ? 13 . paul you be a girl -- ( delete the word girl , replace it with ... ) -- a woman , right ? he sigh with relief at she response and continue '' chat . '' braddon ( 0.s. ) I could feel the firming of she breast as she press they into I . CUT to : int . car phone warehouse - day where braddon be in mid-soliloquy as he and Paul stock shelf with bluetooth ear-piece ... braddon '' be gentle , '' say she . '' unicorn be not mean for human love . '' '' but lady , '' say I , '' I be only half human . '' and I laid she down and take she there , amidst the moss and leave of the forest floor . paul and that be you weekend ? braddon in a nutshell . your ? paul sorry , but ... do you say you shag a horse ? braddon it 's a game , role - play , like dungeon & dragon but for real . paul so she be a girl , pretend to be a horse . braddon a unicorn ! paul right ... sorry . and you be --? braddon a half - elf wizard from the Black mage Guild of quilanthum . 14 . paul right . braddon when 's the last time you have a bit of fluff ? paul em , well ... braddon right. paul she be a girl , by the way . my girlfriend . braddon when shall we double - date then ? paul um , she do not really live here . braddon where 's she live , then ? paul bristol . braddon bristol ? that 's mile from -- you have actually meet she , have not you ? paul well , we chat all the time ... show braddon he phone - chat which show a lengthy text - thread between he and julzRulz . paul ( cont 'd ) she keep invite I up for a visit , but ... braddon but what ? paul well , she look like cameron diaz and ... braddon and ? suddenly Paul see something over braddon 's shoulder and dart through the curtain into the back of the store . 15 . braddon ( cont 'd ) what 's crawle up he -- he turn to the storefront where Matthew enter belligerently , wear a blue janitor 's uniform and carry a smashed cell phone ... matthew the service on this phone be total crap ! braddon it can not be bad as all that . I can see quarter crap , or maybe even half -- as Matthew dump the smashed cell phone on the counter . braddon ( cont 'd ) right , the thing be , in order for the service to actually work , the phone itself should really be in no more than three or four piece . matthew ( threaten ) it 's under warranty . braddon of course , but -- matthew how ' bout you gimme a phone that work properly and I will not cram this one down you throat . yeh ? braddon glance at the cel phone Paul leave on the counter , then at the curtain at the back of the store . braddon excellent . CUT to : ext . car phone warehouse - night Paul and braddon lock up for the night . braddon oh , nearly forget . flip Paul he phone . paul oh , right . thanks . 16 . braddon I take the liberty , while you be cower in the back ... paul I be not cower , I be -- take the liberty to do what ? braddon this Saturday , swansea railway Station . she 's on the nine fifteen train . walk off leave Paul dumbfounded ... ext . shopping arcade - night as Paul catch up with braddon . paul what do you do ? braddon it 's a bit difficult lose you virginity someone a hundred mile away . paul you invite she here ? braddon you do . as far as she know . and what 's this rubbish about a break leg ? paul I tell she that so -- she say she look like cameron diaz ! braddon how awful . paul it be ! braddon in what universe could that be -- ( realize ... ) you tell she you look like someone famous as well ? paul a bit , yeah . braddon Robbie coltraine ? Jack Black ? madonna ? 17 . paul worse . braddon worse than madonna ? CUT to : a photo of brad pitt - torn from a magazine int . tiny apartment - day tape to a mirror-frame in which Paul be see not come within a million mile of emulate Pitt 's hair-style . finally , he give up and tear the photo from the mirror . ext . swansea railway station - day where Paul wait nervously as the train arrive . he practice several nonchalant lean against a pole before give up entirely . passengers flood from the train as the door open . Paul search through they , look for a cameron diaz clone . the train pull away and the crowd thin until Paul be alone on the platform . his heart sink a little - she stand he up . julz ( 0.s. ) Brad ? he turn around and have to hide he smile ... paul cameron ? julie -anne '' julz '' cooper , cute but short and thoroughly relieved that she 's not the only one who exaggerated she appearance , smile back at he . they smile at each other for a moment ... paul ( cont 'd ) um , welcome to Port Talbot . julz ( laugh at he , but ina good way ) thank you . they turn and walk towards the far end of the platform , each take turn steal glance at one another . 18 . at one point , they hand touch and Paul 's finger close around hers ... the continue walk , neither speak . CUT to : ext . port talbot high STREET - day still hold hand , Paul and julz walk amidst shopper . julz you be leg 's much better . paul ( touch he leave leg ) yeah , thanks . ship-shape . ( off she look ) what ? julz I think it be you right leg ? paul oh , right . um ... yvonne ( 0.s. ) Paul , be that you darling ? paul oh god . yvonne appear through the crowd , carry bag of food from sainsbury 's and a incredulous look on she face . yvonne well , bless my soul . hallo , I be Paul 's mum . Paul die a little inside as julz have to wrest she hand from he to shake yvonne 's hand . julz Lovely to meet you . I be julz . yvonne Paul , you do not tell I you be ... oh you must come for dinner . my husband would love to -- paul thanks , mum , but julz have to be back to the station by -- 19 . julz ( see yvonne 's disappointment ) it 's alright . I would love to come . can we help you with this ? she take several of yvonne 's bag . yvonne thank you dear . be not you lovely ? julz look at Paul . mouth the word , '' okay ? '' Paul can not help but nod and smile / grimace . julz stick she tongue out at he before yvonne pull she onwards ... yvonne ( cont 'd ) now then , tell I everything about yourself . CUT to : int . kitchen - day where the four of they be pack around the small table load with food . julz -- but then I think to myself , I have not get the slight interest in die-cast aluminum figurine . so I get a job in the pharmacy at boot . roland good retirement benefit at boot . julz not so good as car phone warehouse . ( to yvonne ) that 's lovely , thanks . yvonne have pile a tower stack of green -bean on julz 's plate . roland and you parent ? what do they do ? paul dad . julz it 's alright . mum 's a -- 20 . paul her mum 's a seamstress and dad 's on disability from the chemical plant . roland smithson the one in bristol ? julz that 's right . and I hear you be the foreman down the steel mill ? and you , yvonne , be say to make the best bread pudding in all of Europe . yvonne I be somewhat celebrate for it . julz ( nudging Paul ) not the only celebrity in the family . roland what ? him ? julz he 's go to be a wonderful singer . roland I think you two only meet this morning ? julz take Paul 's hand under the table . julz nonsense . how could I be he girlfriend if we would only just meet ? Paul brighten at this news , as do yvonne . yvonne they have be chirp on the Internet for quite some time , dear . paul it 's not chirp , mum , it 's -- julz we have be chirp for almost a year . roland with all the chirp and sing , it 's no wonder he 's so undevelop . Paul 's eye fall to he lap ... 21 . julz you think Paul be undevelop ?! roland I wish my mum do all my wash when I be twenty - nine . paul yvonne I can not stop she . you just try and stop I ! everyone 's take aback by yvonne 's ferocity ... yvonne now then , who 's for a sweet ? ext . pott house - day yvonne kiss julz several time goodbye . yvonne I mean it . even if Paul 's not here , we can go for a lady lunch or have we hair do . julz sound wonderful . roland appear , palm a packet of condom into Paul 's hand . roland can not be too careful . Paul pocket they quickly . paul bye then . force he parent inside and pull the door close on they . yvonne be hear yell at roland . yvonne ( 0.s. ) condom ?! be you out of you bloody mind ?! julz ( to Paul ) he do not ? roland ( 0.s. ) who know what she intention be ! 22 . paul ( flushed , show she the condom ) I be sorry . I -- julz what kind of a tart do he think I be ? yvonne ( 0.s. ) ( to roland ) she 's a lovely girl . roland ( 0.s. ) my point exactly . what 's a girl like that want with the like of he , then ? yvonne ( 0.s. ) ( sarcastic ) she 's after he inheritance ! all twenty pound of it . hurry , we must hide the picassos . julz watch Paul 's face , feel badly for he . paul dad fall on he head when he be a child . or last week perhaps . julz ( be : the condom ) well , you will not be need that , just so 's you do not have any idea . paul I do not ! I swear . the think have not even cross my -- ( he 's go too far ) I mean . it have , but ... I mean ... she put she finger to she lip . offer she hand . he take it and they walk off . ext . finnegan 's pub - day Paul and julz sit outside over pint of cider . julz he be just mean , really . shag my former best friend , then tell I it 's because I be get too -- ( eye redden ) it do not matter . 23 . paul ( take she hand ) he be a tosser . julz a enormous tosser . but I be well past it ... I do not need that much love , I do not expect it anyway , not come from where I do . but , nothing venture , nothing gain as they say ... you have get to take chance now and again , though it would be brilliant if it be on something actually worthwhile for change . Paul smile ... he want to tell she he 's worthwhile , but know it be not something you say ... instead , he trace outline with he thumb across the back of she hand until - - paul if you could be one person , who would you be ? julz well , see as I be a dead ringer for cameron diaz ... ( flutter she eyelash ) then again , she 's get she own career , famous boyfriend , and a ass I would sell my mum for . what about you ? paul I would be I . julz ' can not be yourself . have to be someone else . paul I do not want to be someone else . julz that confident , be we ? paul on the contrary . but , if I be someone else , I would not be here with you . julz you will get a kiss later for that one ... okay , what if you could meet anyone ? now that I have meet Brad Pitt , I 'il have to say ... Nelson mandela . 24 . paul pavarotti . julz he 's you true role model then ? paul it use to be he and han solo , but then I realize han solo be not actually real . julz crush be it ? paul horrible scar on my psyche . julz he 's italian ? pavarotti , I mean . paul he life in monte Carlo now , but he 's on the board of a opera school in Venice . julz that 's where you want to go , be not it ? paul I be not good enough to sing professionally , I just like sing for people . it have be nice to learn properly . maybe someday . julz would you sing for I ? Paul flush red . smile shyly but be clearly uncomfortable ... paul it 's not that I - - julz someday , then ? paul someday . julz one foot , then the other . suddenly , the door burst open and braddon emerge along with hydrangea , a ethereal look girl with blonde hair and a unicorn shirt . 25 . braddon what do you mean platonic ? how can you be - hallo Paul . what you do here ? ( see julz ) be this -- this be ! you be ! julz I be ? paul she be . ( to hydrangea ) and you must be -- hydrangea hydrangea . paul right. ( be : she shirt ) be that a unicorn ? braddon signal desperately for he to shut up . hydrangea have you sign up for the contest ? paul just the cider . braddon just as well , I have get the blue ribbon in the bag . julz what bag be that ? hydrangea third annual Halloween costume karaoke competition . Three thousand pound to the winner . pull a flyer off the wall , hand it to Paul . paul ( stunne ) Three thousand pound ? braddon mind you , it 's no amateur night . they get some pretty tough customer in here . ( bang he bird chest ) it 's sure be a blood -bath . 26 . julz you be a singer , then be you ? braddon ( as if it 's obvious ... ) I have get a gorgeous sing voice . ( kissing julz hand ) Lovely to meet you . ( kiss Paul 's hand ) and you . tries to kiss hydrangea 's hand , but she flick he in the forehead . hydrangea come on , Sinatra . you can wash my motor - scooter . braddon it that code ? ( off she look ) oh. right . she drag he away , leave julz look at the embarrassed Paul with raise eyebrow ... paul actually , he 's my boss . julz you be joke ? paul the less you think about he the better . int . paul 's bedroom - day only slightly progress since last time . the box be go and yet it feel even smaller . julz marvel at the collection of opera poster and flyer . julz wow . I know you be into opera , but I do not know you be completely mad for it . paul I be not fanatical about it or anything . ( off she look ) okay , maybe just a little bit . julz look at a yellow , frame newspaper article ... 27 . julz what language be this ? paul portuguese . it 's the -- julz you speak portuguese ? paul not at all . I have it translate though . it 's the story of toscanini 's first performance in 1886 ... realize he 's probably boring she . julz go on . she glance at he knitting needle on the bedside table ... he 's relieved when she do not ask ... paul he be a cellist in a italian opera company that be touring South America . ( point to the date ) one night in 1886 , they conductor be boo by the audience and literally force to leave the podium . in desperation , the singer suggest they assistant chorus master take over because he know the whole opera by heart . julz that 's a lot to memorize , be it ? paul um , yes it be . and though he have never conduct anything before , toscanini throw aside the score and lead a sensational , two - and - a- half hour performance completely from memory . he be nineteen . julz and then he become quite famous , do not he ? she 's see he deep desire on he sleeve . he realize he 's get carry away . paul sorry . he smile 28 . julz for what ? I wish I love something that much . paul there must be something ? julz not yet , anyway . as he realize she mean he . julz ( cont 'd ) best get to my train . ext . swansea railway station - day Paul and julz stand side - by-side , still hold hand as she train pull in , neither want the day to end . julz I have a lovely day . paul I have a lovely day . a awkward beat . Paul have no idea what to do as the train stop . julz sooo , I will see you when you get back then . paul from where ? julz Venice , of course . paul I tell you , I be not go to Italy . julz you be . you be go to win that karaoke competition and if the next time we speak you be not ringing I from a venetian gondola , I might not think you can sing at all . then she kiss he , deeply , soundly , with just a bit of tongue . 29 . paul ( gobsmack ) right . julz see ya Brad . paul bye cameron . almost without think , he pull she to he and kiss she again . gradually realize he might have be too forward , as evidence by the shy look on he face as they lip part ... the smile that bloom in she mouth and eye say otherwise as she open one of the train door and climb aboard . he follow she down the train until she find a seat . he wave and smile and she close she eye and kiss the window between they . the glass steam from she breath and she draw a heart around the imprint of she lipstick . the train pull away leave Paul alone but brim on the platform . CUT to : int . CITY bus - night Shots of bus passengers stare at something in the back of the bus ... reveal Paul , dress in a puffy , white clown costume with large neck ruffle , grapefruit - size pom-pom , a fake beard and white face paint with black , vertical line bisect he eye . he feel the stare and try to look as if he do not notice they . braddon ( 0.s. ) have you go completely up the pole ? ext . finnegan 's pub - night Paul look down at himself , embarrassed . paul it 's pavarotti ... as canio ... it 's really that bad ? braddon you look like a dead marshmallow . 30 . paul oh . so that 's -- what 's you be costume , then ? CUT to : a stack of rented PA speaker int . finnegan 's pub - night the open beat and squeak of George Michael 's '' I want you sex '' blare ... braddon jump into frame , wear nothing but a thin pizza box around he waist ... braddon there 's thing that you guess . and thing that you know . there 's boy you can trust . and girl that you do not . there 's little thing you hide . ( indicate he groin ) and thing that you show . ( turn , show everyone he butt ) sometimes you think you be gonna get it . but you do not and that 's just the way it go . the audience be stunne , but some be laugh , and hydrangea , dress in shimmery white robe with a tiny nub of horn atop she forehead , sing along to the chorus as braddon thrust he pizza box at she . unicorn girl I swear I will not tease you . wo not tell you no lie . I do not need no bible . just look in my eye . CUT to : int . finnegan 's pub - night braddon do a awkward split as the song end . braddon c-c-c-c-c-c-come on ! the audience cheer and laugh as he climb to he foot , try to hold the pizza box together . hydrangea hug he and pull he into the crowd next to Paul who 's still in shock . 31 . paul well do . braddon yeah thanks , mate . it 's a gift from -- kiss he finger then point to heaven ... over by the karaoke equipment , the emcee read from he list . emcee and now , sing ... blimey ... ( squint ) vesti la goober . the vocal styling of Paul poot . braddon and hydrangea clap wildly , shove Paul onto the stage . the audience quiet for a moment , take in he costume , until the music start , violin and cellos ... Paul open he mouth to sing , but the crowd immediately ignore he , beginning to chatter amongst themselves . Paul begin to sweat as the music continue to play . braddon and hydrangea spur he on ... braddon go on ! but the crowd be get rowdy with themselves . Paul 's nerve be get the better of he . the emcee stop the music . start it again . braddon chew he thumbnail nervously as Paul begin to sing ... paul vesti la giubba , e la faccia infarina . La gente page , e rider vuole qua . E se arlecchin ti'invola colombina , ridi , pagliaccio , e ognun applaudira . no one 's listen . the the music swell and he voice rise above the crowd , not necessarily great , but far above average and very loud ... paul ( cont 'd ) tramuta in lazzi los spasmo ed il pianto in una smorfia il singhiozzo e ' 1 dolor , ah ! conversation begin to tail off and people have no choice but to watch and listen to Paul . braddon can not believe he ear ... 32 . braddon bloody hell . -..as Paul launch into the aria . paul ridi , pagliaccio , sul tuo amore infranto ! ridi del duol , che t'avvelena il cor ! the song end and the pub be deathly quiet ... Paul realize he 's make a complete fool of himself ... until the crow erupt CUT to : cheering voice ext . finnegan 's pub - night as Paul exit the pub with a sulk braddon and hydrangea and dozen of well - wisher who continue to congratulate Paul and clap he on the back . with a nudge from hydrangea , braddon half - heartedly congratulate Paul . braddon well do , I suppose . I still reckon the fix be in . paul there 's always Christmas . braddon ( brighten ) bloody well right . hydrangea congratulation . paul good night . they walk off with braddon sing a scratchy '' operatic '' good King wenceslas . he put he arm around hydrangea , but she shrug it off . Paul smile then pull out a envelope revealing ... a check for three thousand pound he allow himself a two -step jig before tucking the check back inside the envelope when suddenly ... 33. he 's jerk roughly backwards by he collar and slam down onto the pavement . matthew well , if it be not everyone 's favorite circus freak . hallo potsy . he and another hooligan stand over Paul . paul get off I . he try to stand , but Matthew kick he rib . Paul buckle . matthew what have we get here then ? he snatch the envelope from Paul 's hand . Paul lunge for it , but Matthew sidestep and Paul 's face hit the curb . matthew ( cont 'd ) bloody hell , have a look at this . hooligan ( eying the check ) what 's a obese clown doin’ with this kind of dosh ? paul give it back . with surprising speed he find he foot and smashes Matthew in the face with all he might ... Matthew blink , but appear otherwise unfaze . he hold up the check ... matthew you be gonna pay for that . he put the check in he pocket and be about to lay into Paul when suddenly braddon leap onto he back , let out a war cry -- braddon May the flame of arveron sustain I ! Matthew recover he balance and struggle to free himself from the cling , scratch , scream braddon , finally dump he on the pavement next to Paul , who have be hold down by the hooligan . 34 . hooligan here . he toss Matthew a brick . Matthew raise it over he head , about to smash braddon , when it suddenly fall out of he hand as he face go limp and he fall to the pavement revealing -- hydrangea stand behind he , wield a cricket bat . hooligan ( cont ’d ) where the hell have you get that ? partygoer from I . the hooligan turn to see a group of partygoer dress in various sport costume : football ( aka soccer ) , rugby , cricket , etc . partygoer ( cont 'd ) she 's welcome to it as long as she like . rugby player or we can use it for she . the hooligan run . braddon and Paul help each other up . braddon all right ? paul yeh . you ? braddon ( to hydrangea ) you save we . hydrangea you have have do the same for I . ( hand the bat back ) thank you . braddon ( on one knee ) I be you servant . hydrangea you already be my servant . 35 . braddon I be ? I be ! yes mistress . Command I , mistress . I be not worthy . May I lick you ankle please ? hydrangea roll she eye as Paul reach into Matthew 's pocket and remove he check . Matthew 's eye open . paul ( offer he hand ) truce ? matthew ( whisper ) I be gonna get you for this . paul why ? Matthew do not answer just stare balefully ... dissolve to : julz smiling face int . julz 's parent 's house - day as she watch a video on YouTube -- the infamous monkey who scratch he butt then smell he hand and fall out of he tree . she laugh to herself , then answer she ringing mobile phone . julz hallo ? paul ( 0.s. ) what 's so funny ? julz ( she expression darken ) who be this ? paul ( 0.s. ) it 's Paul . julz I know a Paul once . paul ( 0.s. ) you be cross with I . 36 . julz Three week go well past play hard to get . ext . ferry - day ( intercut ) Paul stand on the sunny prow of a vaporetto ( water taxi ) , talk on he mobile . paul ( actually worried ) it 's be nineteen day . and I be just follow you instruction . julz instruction to what ? paul you say not to call you until I be settle in Venice . a white , basilica appear behind Paul as the vaporetto merge into the Grand Canal , revealing the splendor of Venice . julz you be joke ? paul check you e-mail . julz hang on . she turn to she computer and open a e-mail from Paul then scroll through a series of photo detail Paul 's last few week ... still in he clown - costume , face scrape but smile with he check . buying he first suitcase . board a Al Italia plane . arrive at the Opera School . in he room , smile beside the window and the view of the city . and finally one take moment ago aboard the vaporetto . julz ( cont 'd ) I do not believe it . 37 . paul can hardly believe it myself . julz tell I everything . a baritone sing a sustained note ... CUT to : int . basement conservatory - day a tall , gangly student pump the sound from he lung , eye widen as he run out of steam , but fight to keep the note alive at the behest of signora fiorentino , they fierce istrutrice . paul ( v.o. ) the school be brilliant . it 's in a old sixteenth century palazzo , which flood twice a day with the tide . Paul and the other stand in '' wellies '' ( galoshes ) in a foot of water , sing they heart out . even the leg of the piano wear rubber boot . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) every morning start off with four hour of intensive italian . int . palazzo staircase - day as Paul , run late , run up the first floor stair ... he slow a bit at the second floor ... walk the third ... and limp up the fourth , stop to gasp for air ... int . language classroom - day afford a beautiful view of the city . Paul sit in the back row , drench in sweat but conjugate verb out loud with the rest of the class as the linguistic teacher point they out on the board ... CLASS vado , vai , va , andiamo , andate , vanno . paul ( v.o. ) which I find come quite easily . Paul reach into he bag for a handkerchief , still speak the verb without look at the board . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in the afternoon ... 38 . ext . palazzo courtyard - day where Paul stand at a music stand before a asst . conductor who use he violin to take Paul up and down the scale ... paul ( v.o. ) we learn to read music . paul ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) do-re-mi-fa-sol-la-la-la ... the asst . conductor repeat '' la '' bow back and forth on the violin until Paul get it right . paul ( cont 'd ) la-la-si-si-siiiiii . the asst . conductor wince at the last note . int . theatre - day where Paul stand on stage wield a long baton with pad on the end . gerhardt , a blonde german student , face he with a similar baton as a fit professor watch with the rest of the class ... paul ( v.o. ) or practice stage combat . fit professor E ora , con molta attenzione . ( '' and now , very carefully . '' ) Paul swing and knock gerhardt into the orchestra pit . paul ( move to help he ) I be so sorry . int . dressing room - day where Paul 's back be to we as he do something to he face . the makeup teacher enter , clap she hand . makeup teacher ok , mis permetta di vedere voi . ( '' okay , let I see you . '' ) paul ( v.o. ) or basic hair and makeup . 39 . the student turn , revealing they face , make - up for a scene from Madame Butterfly . Paul turn mournfully ; he look more like clarabell the clown than a japanese warlord . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) which be not my strongest subject . julz laugh as she scroll down to a self - portrait photo of Paul , smile through he disastrous makeup . julz be the food gorgeous ? int . dine room - night where Paul load he tray up at the sumptuous buffet table ... paul ( v.o. ) heavenly . Home make pastas . soup . and the bread ... then turn to face the room , table fill with chatter student and teacher ... julz ( v.o. ) what about the people ? have you make load of friend ? he walk amongst they , spot a empty chair next to alessandra , a pretty young italian woman who smile briefly at Paul before gerhardt slip into the chair ahead of he . int . dine room - night where Paul sit at the end of a table , eat alone . paul ( v.o . ) oh yes , load . everybody 's quite friendly . he hear laughter , but refuse to look up at a group of student , include gerhardt , laugh at the amount of food on he plate before alessandra scold they .. int . echoing chamber - day ( intercut ) where Paul whisper into he cell phone . 40 . ext . welsh countryside - day ( intercut ) julz walk she cairn terrier '' candy floss '' through the hill above the city . julz have you have a gondola ride yet ? ext . venice canal - day ( flashback ) as Paul step onto a narrow gondola , lose he balance and pitch over the other side , headfirst into the canal . int . echoing chamber - day ( intercut ) paul uh , no . have not try that yet . julz and what about the city ? be it breathtaking ? Paul come to a stop and grow silent as he look up , slightly awestruck , at titian 's tower masterpiece , '' the assumption of the virgin '' . paul it be . reveal he stand before the apse of the basilica Santa Maria gloriosa dei frari , the famous gothic choir stall and rood screen behind he . julz do you miss I ? int . paul 's sleeping chamber - night Paul lie in bed , talk with the phone plugge into its charge . paul terribly . julz good . paul good night . julz good night . 41 . he hang up . take a moment to stare at julz picture which he 's make the splash - screen on he phone . dissolve to : alessandra ; beautiful and frowning ... int . theatre - day as she and Paul be hand the libretto for La bohéme as signora fiorentino explain that they will be ... signora fiorentino ...effettuare insieme l' apertura duetto di mimi e rodolfo . ( " ... perform together the open duet between rodolfo and mimi . '' ) allesandra smile at he kindly , though clearly not thrilled . Paul only meet she eye for a moment , then look down , flushed and nervous . gerhardt glower in the background ... CUT to : int . basement conservatory - day paul ( sing as he read ) o soave fanciulla , of dolce visio di mite circonfusa alba lunar . in the vivo ravviso il sogno . ch 'io vorrei sempre sognar ! signora fiorentino cut he off -- signora fiorentino non , non , non ... okay , this be um , ‘ow you say , the spark ... the moment of love creation . ( speak the word from memory ) o soave fanciulla , of dolce visio , oh ! Lovely girl , oh sweet face . in the vivo ravviso il sogno . ch 'io vorrei sempre sognar ! I see you in a dream I will dream forever ... look at she , she be beautiful , non ? paul ( without look ) yes. 42 . signora fiorentino look . with you eye . Paul look at allesandra , flush again . paul she 's very pretty . signora fiorentino ( to allessandra ) E voi , guarda su di lui . ( '' and you , look at he . '' ) Paul offer a hopeful , break - tooth smile . her eye widen at the sight of he tooth . she try to cover , but he know what he be not ... signora fiorentino ( cont 'd ) egli 6 molto...eh ... ha un cuore puro , no ? ( " he be very ...um ... he have a pure heart , no ? '' ) he look down again ... alessandra ( italian accent ... ) be okay . paul sorry , I ... she take he face in she hand and turn it so she can really see he . finally , she smile ... signora fiorentino buono . dream only of each other ... allow all other thought to slip away . she begin to play again on the piano as we ... dissolve to : ext . opera school - morning Paul emerge with he suitcase , read from a guidebook to Lake como when -- alessandra ( 0.s. ) paolo ? she follow he out of the doorway . 43. alessandra ( cont 'd ) you be travel for the ... fine settimana ? paul oh , the weekend . yes , I be on my way to Lake como . alessandra Da soli ? ( " by yourself ? '' ) paul si. alessandra you want see Italia while you here ? paul as much as I can . CUT to : florence ; see from several thousand feet int . SMALL airplane - day where Paul stare out the window , watch the duomo slide past before they cross the arno River towards the vineyard encrust hill of Tuscany . alessandra sit in the co-pilot seat , talk animatedly above the engine noise with she brother manu . Paul snap some picture . click. click .... and on the final picture ... boom ! CUT to : ext . piazza del campo , siena - evening canon FIRE , as ten horse and rider , resplendent in a dazzle array of silk and color , launch over a start rope and begin racing around the square , which be fill with thousand of scream spectator . Paul and alessandra stand on a balcony overlook the square , along with the rest of she obviously well - off family . the horse round a very sharp turn and thunder almost beneath the balcony . 44 , alessandra they have race this race since sixteen hundred fifty - six . two every year . one horse represent one , eh , neighborhood of siena . my family live chiocciola , the snail . we have second most win , but oca , the Goose have win the most time . the horse circle the square and head for they again . one of the jockey shove a competitor off he horse . paul what do you get if you win ? Di cosa hai vinto ? she think a moment , then touch a fist to she chest . alessandra orgoglio . paul orgoglio ? ( shake he head ) non capisco . alessandra lean to she father who turn and smile at Paul ... father orgoglio mean pride . his eye linger on he daughter , who raise she chin in mock defiance before he kiss she . father ( cont 'd ) be you father not proud of you ? Paul struggle to respond , then mercifully -- alessandra qui vengono !. ( " here they come ! '' ) as the horse appear once more and churn towards the finish line . take the sharp turn , one of the horse stumble , toss the jockey into the crowd which roar ... the rest of the horse cross the finish line and the family erupt into cheer ! dissolve to : 45 . int . basement conservatory - day week of practice later , Paul and alessandra sing the duet together ... paul alessandra a ! to sol commandi , amor ! a! to sol commandi , amor ! ( " ah ! Love , you rule ( '' ah ! Love , you rule alone ! '' ) alone ! '' ) fremon nell ' anima , oh ! come dolci scendono , ( " already I state in ( " how sweet he spirit , '' ) praise , '' ) Le dolcezze estreme , Le sue lusinghe al core ... ( " the height of ( '' enter my heart '' ) tenderness ! '' ) tu sol comandi amore ! nel bacio freme amor ! ( " Love , you alone ( " Love tremble at we rule ! ) kiss ! " ) a orchestra join the soundtrack , supplanting the piano as the duet continue over the follow montage : int . theatre - day where Paul and alessandra be on-stage with a director , who have Paul put he arm around alessandra . both be uncomfortable until Paul make a face and she laugh . director attenzione ! ext . palazzo courtyard - day where Paul and alessandra sing in each other arm . the asst . conductor stop they , push they apart and have they hold hand . asst . conductor prova di nuovo . ( " try it again . '' ) int . language classroom - day more verb on the board . Paul sit in the back , eye close , right hand gently wave / conduct the music from the scene which we hear on the soundtrack and he hear in he head . ext . cafe - day where Paul and alessandra sit together , surround by other student but oblivious to all other as they discuss a part of the libretto . 46 . unconsciously , she lean a arm on he shoulder as they argue over the same passage . the gesture be lose on Paul , but gerhardt notice . int . basement conservatory - day as Paul and alessandra sing while hold hand , signore fiorentino place she hand on the small of they back and push they together . signora fiorentino molto meglio . ( " much better . " '' ) int . palazzo - day alessandra be venting she frustration with all of the back - and -forth ... alessandra apart . together . hold hand . no hold hand . what it matter so much ? paul well sod they . alessandra '' sod they ? '' paul it mean ... fino loro asini . ( " up they ass . " ; alessandra nod in agreement ) che cosa volete fare ? ( '' what do you want to do ? '' ) alessandra I don’ know . int . theatre - night the final performance ... on stage , Paul and alessandra perform the duet in costume with prop and light makeup . paul dammi il braccio , mia piccina . ( " give I you arm , my dear . '' ) alessandra obbedisco , signore ! ( " you servant , sir . '' ) 47 . the fatal moment come and Paul take charge , grab she roughly around the waist and pull she to he . paul che m'ami di 's " tell I you love I . '' '' ' his hand gently hold she face , turn it to he just as she have do with he ... she almost laugh with joy . alessandra io t'amo ! ( " I love you . '' ) paul alessandra Amore ! amor ! amor ! Amore ! amor ! amor ! ( behold ! my love ! my love ! ) CUT to : ext . piazza san marco - night where Paul and allesandra run into the square , hopping and yell and bounce for joy . alessandra questo 6 stato incredible ! ( " that be incredible ! '' ) paul siamo i campioni di venezia ! ( '' we be the champion of Venice ! '' ) alessandra Di tutto il mondo ! ( '' of the whole world ! '' ) allesandra lean in and kiss he . he 's stunne as she pull away , a new expression on she face before she kiss he again , deeply . his eye close for a brief moment , before he pull away . alessandra ( cont 'd ) you be okay ? paul yes , sorry I ... alessandra what be wrong ? paul nothing , I just ... alessandra Li ha fatto l’amore , prima , si ? ( '' you have make love before , yes ? " ) paul ( bett red at the suggestion ) of course I have , but ... actually I have not , but that 's not -- alessandra you have a friend - girl at home ? paul um , well , yes . a girlfriend . - alessandra E lei il tuo primo ? ( '' be she you first one ? '' ) paul lei 6 l'unico . ( '' she be my only one . '' ) alessandra there be a difference . paul there be . alessandra signore fiorentino be right . you have a very pure heart . she kiss he firmly on the mouth then smile at he . she turn quickly away and speed dial she cell phone as she walk down the square towards the basilica . alessandra ( cont 'd ) ciao , papa . he watch for a moment , then walk the other way . dial he own phone . int . pott house - night ( intercut ) where roland watch '' the Bill '' while yvonne snore softly on the couch beside he . roland yeah , hello ? paul oh , um hi , dad. 49 . roland ( to yvonne ) oy , it 's the eye-talian . ( to Paul ) what 's good , son ? paul oh you know , lot of study and sing . roland ( sarcastic ) sound grand . paul actually we , my scene partner and I , we just win a scene competition and -- roland hang on , yer mum 's on the snore again . ( adjust yvonne 's head ) tucked into the sherry again this evening . so do you win anymore pocket money ? paul no , but even better , they tell we we get to sing for -- roland ( listen ) well that 's not bad . he 's no Willie Nelson , mind you . paul right . CUT to : int . julz 's parent 's house - night ( intercut ) jaw drop as she hear the news ... julz sod off ! ext . grand canal - night Paul sit on a stone wall , foot dangle over the edge as he watch the light of the city shimmer over the water . paul it 's true . 50 . julz you be not takin 's the piss ? paul I swear I be not . julz I do not believe it . Paul ! what be you go to sing ? paul the duet , I suppose . julz oh. right . ' course you be . paul and think of you the entire time . julz there 's a good boy ... nervous ? paul off the chart . julz maybe open with a joke or something , let the air out a bit . paul a joke ? in front of -- have you go mad ? CUT to : luciano pavarotti int . theatre - day arguably the 20th century 's great tenor sit in the first row , dabbing he upper lip with a scent handkerchief while listen to alessandra sing a aria . Paul watch from the wing as she final note diminish , applaud along with the audience . pavarotti be on he foot , eye devour alessandra as he clap . she feel he ardor and smile shyly . he beckon she to sit beside he as the asst . conductor bring he a teacup of hot water . asst . conductor maestro. 51 . pavarotti grazie . he follow alessandra until she 's next to he , and begin whisper / congratulate she . in the wing , a pair of student stare at Paul . student # 1 I would not want to follow that . student # 2 I neither . paul thanks . he set he jaw and head for the center-stage microphone . paul ( cont 'd ) good evening . ( paralytic fear ) it uh , must be bargain night , it only cost one tenner to get in , instead of the usual three ... tenor . a smatter of laughter from the crowd . pavarotti notice he for the first time , but seem less than amused . Paul begin to sing ; rodolfo 's , '' che gelida manina " , the same aria Paul '' conduct '' in he room at he parent 's house . he 's sing well , better than we have ever hear , eye tightly close as he focus on he breathe and pitch . finally he eye open ... and what he see seem to deflate he entire be , even as he continue to sing ... he Pov ; where pavarotti 's full gaze be on alessandra , who although flatter , try to turn he attention to Paul , but to no avail . finally , the aria end to polite applause . ignoring Paul completely , pavarotti rise to leave until the asst . conductor whisper in he ear . pavarotti ah , si. ( turn to Paul ; obviously have not hear a word ) you inhale after in the , vivo ravviso il sogno . rodolfo would not have run out of breath there . 52 . Paul be about to speak , but pavarotti 's back be to he and he 's head for the door , arm in arm with alessandra leave Paul alone on stage , destroy ... Paul stand for a moment , then slowly turn and walk off as we ... dissolve to : ext . port talbot - day Gray as ever . a bleak contrast from the vibrancy of Italy . roland ( v.o. ) I hate to say it , but I do warn you . int . pott family kitchen - day where Paul and he parent be just finish Sunday dinner . Paul stare at he plate . yvonne put a sock in it , roland . at least he have the nerve to have a go . roland which have leave he where ? paul thanks , mum . that be lovely . he take he plate to the sink . yvonne there 's treacle tart and strawberry . paul I have get work in a hour . kiss she goodbye . yvonne when 's that lovely girl come to visit again ? paul see you guy . roland oy . hang on a second . he follow Paul out the front door . 53 . ext . pott house - day Paul work the combination lock to he bicycle which be chain to the iron railing at the base of the step . roland there 's a open down the mill . the wait list 's a kilometer long , but , how would you like to come work with I ? paul no thanks , dad . roland it 's time to grow up now , son . you have have you great adventure , which be more 'o I ever have , but sing do not work out so -- paul I know , dad . roland ( grab he arm ) no you bloody well do not ! you think you be too good to work the mill . well I have get news for you , boy , you be the one 's not good enough . paul ( after a beat ... ) I will be late . roland let he go . Paul pedal out onto the road . roland just what the world need , more bloody mobile phone ! ext . port talbot - day as Paul cycle stoically to work . int . car phone warehouse - day where Paul ring up a sale for a elderly couple ... elderly woman right . now how far away from the house will the telephone actually work ? paul as far as you would like . 54 . elderly man nonsense . the cord on we last telephone do not even reach to the back door . paul but this have not get a cord . elderly woman we do not take kindly to bullshitter . paul that 's because you be bloody insane . he walk away , despite they protestation . braddon see this and , after throw a look at Paul , go to help the elderly couple . braddon ( shouting ) good afternoon ! May I help you ?! int . car phone warehouse , back room - day Paul put together a cardboard display stand . his phone buzze . he see julz picture with a text message : '' ? '' he tap it , revealing the '' text thread " ; a series of '' ? " '' and '' ! " and '' ?12?!2?!2 ?! " stretch back over a week . he switch he phone off just as braddon enter . braddon not quite the pinnacle of customer service , I have say . paul sorry . braddon perhaps you be confuse ... see you be the diffident , jolly one , whilst I be the edgy , mysterious bloke with bubbling cauldron of danger and pizzazz . paul right . braddon it 's bad as all that be it ? ( off Paul 's look ) right ... come on . pull Paul to he foot . 55 . paul where we go ? braddon desperate time call for naked dancer . CUT to : int . strip club - night where Paul and braddon sit at the edge of the stage , frame between the leg of a gyrate dancer . braddon 's smile be ear to ear as he head bob and swivel to the music ... Paul still look miserable . ext . strip club - night braddon follow Paul out of the club where they unchain they bicycle from the pole hold up the marquee . braddon there you be . all better now ? paul ( not at all ... ) yes , load . thanks . braddon D ' you know , I think I could headline there . the first step on my career to pop superstardom . paul that 's you dream be it ? braddon when I be young . before x- box payment and chest hair and whatnot . paul you have not get chest hair . braddon ' course I do . gallon of it ... it 's just very blonde . paul right ... and what about now ? braddon dream ? honestly ? 56 . paul if possible . braddon be nice to have a family of my own . oh and one day go to New Zealand . hire a car and do the Lord of the ring tour . see where the hobbit live . paul that 's it ? braddon well , yeah . the lower you expectation , I find , the great you general level of happiness . paul ( agree ) right . they pedal off down the road ... braddon then again , a threesome would not be the worst thing that could happen . paul obviously . ext . paul 's apartment build - night Paul hop off he bike and push it towards the entrance where julz stand with several large suitcase . paul hi. julz hi. paul how do you --? julz mum drive I . she wait as long as she could but ... paul right . um ... sorry , do we ? julz you stop ringing I back . 57 . paul yeah . julz play hard to get again ? paul just feel sorry for myself . julz always flatter on a man . paul he do not even know I be there . julz ( shrug ) he 's a celebrity . paul sorry ? julz he may be a great singer , but anyone that famous can not be anything but a ass of intergalactic proportion . paul it 's lovely to see you . julz be it ? paul I be a enormous idiot . julz you be . and ? paul I be truly sorry . julz and ? paul I be a ass of intergalactic proportion ? julz well say . lucky for you , I have decide to take you up on you offer . paul you have ? 58 . julz I have . paul em , which offer exactly ? julz see as you self - esteem 's down the loo , and we be never go to have a proper go at a relationship live so far apart , I decide to accept you offer to ... move in together . to give it , you know , a proper go . nothing venture ... paul nothing gain . julz so ...? Paul stare dumbfounded ... realize she 's hang herself out there for he ... paul oh right ! yes , of course . that would be , um ... julz what ? paul wonderful . julz ( smile ) and ? paul I be a ass of intergalactic proportion . julz yes , though there 's still hope for you . he reach down to carry one of she suitcase but can not even lift it off the ground . julz ( cont 'd ) I pack a few thing . paul we may need a bigger flat . CUT to : 59 . ext . aberavon breakwater - day a immense seawall jutting out into the gray water . surfer and wind surfer brave the cold water alongside as Paul and julz walk hand in hand . julz so , maybe the joke be not the best idea . paul he be so goggly - eye over alessandra , I could have pull I trousers down and he would not have notice . julz that beautiful be she ? paul oh yes . very. ( realize ) but in that italian sort of way ; all dark and ... not my type at all . julz mmmm . it 's not the end of the world , you know . there be load of other opera . they reach the end of the wall and sit , leg dangle over the wave . paul not for I . I go to Italy to ... somewhere in there I get a bit outside myself . just because I win some silly competition , I start to think ... anyway , I have get my expectation well back in line . julz ridiculous . paul really , I be do with sing . julz so you say . paul I be serious , julz . julz I believe you , darling , but I know better ... 60 . paul oh do you ? julz the first time we ever chatted on -line . do you remember how you introduce yourself ? paul as Paul , I imagine . julz you say you be a singer . paul it be more impressive than say I work in the produce department at tescos . julz I do not care where you work . I care that you be happy , and that you will always love I back . paul ( she just say she love I ... ) I will , you know . julz good. ( stand ) besides , as I recall , you promise you have sing for I . paul '' someday . '' julz someday when ? paul ( v.o. ) ( sing ) I love you as you love I , in the evening and the morning , CUT to : ext . ST . cynwyd church - day a small , stone church at the heart of llangynwydd , a ancient hilltop village , one of the oldest Christian settlement in all of Wale . 61 . paul ( v.o. ) nor be there a day when you and I do not share we trouble . guest arrive in suit and dress , pick they way across the grassy cemetery which surround the church with erode headstone . int . ST . cynwynd church - day the chapel be nearly full of friend and family . Paul stand alone before the altar . paul ( v.o. ) and when we share they , they become easier to bear ; everyone stand as julz appear , resplendent in a white dress with veil , escort by she father . Paul see she and begin to choke up . she smile at he , tell he he 's go to be fine ... paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you comfort I in my distress , and I wept in you lament . julz reach the front , kiss she father after he lift she veil and stand to face Paul before the altar . the vicar give he benediction and they exchange ring ... Paul finally lose he composure and julz kiss he to pull he out of it . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) therefore , may God 's bless be upon you . int . reception hall - night where Paul sing the English translation of Beethoven 's ich liebe dich ( I Love you ) to julz before everyone . paul you , my life 's joy . God protect you , keep you for I , and protect and keep we both . now it 's julz turn to cry . he kiss she as everyone stand and applaud , many people wiping they eye . julz ( through tear ) so you can sing after all . 62. braddon be a disaster as river of tear stream from both eye . he turn to hug hydrangea who bear he up for a moment , before reach back and remove he hand from she ass . int . reception hall - night Paul and julz whirl and twirl at the center of the cramme dance floor . finally , the song end ... paul D 's you want a drink ? julz Champagne please . paul back in a flash , Mrs. pott . julz why thank you , Mr. pott . he weave through the crowd to the bar where roland be hold court with a coterie of he friend from the mill . paul hello , dad . roland ( far from sober ) Paul , you remember Charlie and Bill from down the mill . ( he and Bill share a laugh at the rhyme ) and this here 's Matthew , the new chap . Paul stop as he see Matthew , he nemesis grin coldly at he . Matthew offer he hand . matthew Paul and I go to school together . felicition an’ all that . paul ( tentative ) thanks . matthew maybe you will sing we a pretty song as well ? the other laugh hysterically . 63. paul maybe you 'il get knock out by a girl again . Matthew go cold . he have love to take a swing at Paul but know better . instead , he just smirk portentously until Paul turn away from they . paul ( cont 'd ) ( to the bartender ) a champagne and a lager , please . roland Matthew 's only joke , Paul . paul how could you invite he ? roland I pay for half this bender , I can invite who I like . besides , he 's a good lad , and a hard worker . the implication be that Paul be not . paul ( get he drink ) thank you . roland what 's wrong with Matthew ? they be interrupt by Paul 's former choirmaster ( from the open montage ) . choirmaster I say , young man . I do not know where you find it , but you vocal control have improve by light year . paul thanks very much , sir . I be in Italy for a while , but I do not really sing -- choirmaster I be commission to conduct a production of aida in bath . and you , sir , would make a wonderful radame . paul really ? 64 . roland no no , he 's all finish with that nonsense . he ’1ll be get a honest job , earning a honest wage . choirmaster there 's no pay , I be afraid . paul I will take it . roland bloody hell . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night as the door handle turn , then flip back to its original position ... after a beat , it turn again , finally open as Paul and julz , she in he arm , spill into the room ... julz no , no , on the bed . I could not stand another second in this torture device . he deposit she on the bed and help she remove she shoe , to she great relief . julz ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's lovely . I shall never dance again . paul famous last word . julz remind I of someone I just marry . paul the lead tenor in aida . I still can not believe it . julz this be the best wedding day ever ... which remind I . she jump to she foot and open a cabinet , revealing a beautiful antique gramophone and a mylar bag which she hand to Paul . paul what 's this ? 65 . julz I get sparklies -- ( flash she ring ) -- this make it even . paul not unless you will be pay this off for the next ten year . julz open it . he remove a thin sleeve bear a photo of -- paul puccini . julz that 's a original recording from the premiere at ... ( grab a slip of paper ) ...- La scala , Milan on April twenty - fifth -- paul nineteen twenty six . conduct by toscanini himself , but how -- julz e-bay , how else ? she place the disc on the gramophone and set the needle ... the tenor , miguel fleta , begin to sing ... miguel fleta nessun dorma . julz this be record before pavarotti be even bear . she sit on the bed next to he and kiss he as the aria unfold ... julz ( cont 'd ) what be he say ? paul nessun dorma . none shall sleep . calaf have be reject by the woman he love , a princess . kiss he again as she start remove she dress . 66 . julz what 's it always have to be a princess ? why can not checkout girl have great love storey write about they ? ( be : she dress ) give we a hand . paul if she can guess he name by dawn , she get to call off the wedding and chop he head off . julz I like that bit . paul ( translate ) -.- my secret be hide within I . none will know my name . on you mouth I will say it when the light shine . she remove she undergarment and stand before he , naked . paul ( cont ’d ) and my kiss will dissolve the silence that make you mine . julz so kiss I . paul I have never do this before . she nod , knowingly , then help he remove he shirt . julz so what happen to they ? paul well , she torture all of he friend who refuse to reveal he name , but when dawn come , he kiss she and she fall -- julz -- madly in love with he . she pull he down onto the bed as we linger on the gramophone and ... fade to black . 67 . int . bath university theater - day where a impressive egyptian temple backdrop the stage fill with performers in ancient egyptian and ethiopian costume . Paul appear at the center of the company , carry he own with great gusto . the choirmaster conduct the orchestra , very pleased with what he hear . a pastiche of music from the opera play over ... int . car phone warehouse - day Paul hang a poster for the opera in the front window , indicate two week until the premiere . welcome a customer with a smile and spring in he step and begin discuss various phone option . ext . port talbot - evening Paul ride he bicycle home , arm spread wide as he belt out a soar high c5 note . a pass car honk in reply . int . paul & julz tiny apartment - night where they sit over dinner , talk happily . she say something flirty and he dive over the table to kiss she , not a trace of shyness . int . bath university theater - day Paul sing the aria celeste aida . a director offer he some stage direction , which Paul execute beautifully . at the end , he take a deep breath , scratch he side . int . backstage - day Paul make another attempt at stage makeup , but he 's still hopelessly crap . int . recording studio - day where Paul and the other lead sing into microphone as the choirmaster and director huddle with a engineer . ext . bath university theater - night Paul leave through the artist 's entrance , laugh with he fellow performer . he pass a flyer tape to a streetlight pole : '' two day to premiere . '' 68 . int . car phone warehouse - day Paul enter the empty store . paul hallo ? Brad ? he hear sniffle in the back . pass through the curtain to -- int . car phone warehouse , back room - day -- find braddon , dress in full elfish wizard regalia take slug from a bottle of bright green alcohol in between chest - heaving sob . paul what 's happen ? braddon it 's over . I be finish with the lot of it . paul you ear be come off ? braddon what ? oh. off Paul 's gesture , he pull he half - hang , pointy elvish ear off and throw they in the trash . paul shall I leave you alone ? braddon so there I be , right in the heart of morgol Forest , have blast my way through a army of hobgoblin use a spectacular array of spellcraft . when whom do I see with she tongue down the throat of some bloody hippogriff ? paul oh no . braddon as if unicorn and hippogriff could ever be together . you can look it up , it 's genetically impossible ! paul I believe you . 69 . braddon ( offer the bottle ) creme de menthe ? paul the show open tomorrow . braddon rejected again . paul all right . just a nip then . he take a small swig , wince as it go down , hold he hand to he side which burn ... CUT to : int . paul & julz tiny apartment - night julz enter , wear she pharmacy uniform . julz hal -oo ? radame ? wherefor art thou ? she set some shopping bag down on the tiny kitchen counter . see the television 's on , so he must be home ... julz ( cont 'd ) Paul ? suddenly , Paul emerge from the bathroom , double over and clutching he side in enormous pain ... julz ( cont 'd ) oh my god . paul something 's wrong . CUT to : int . princess of wale hospital , emergency room - night the door fly open as a team of ems worker wheel Paul in on a gurney with julz follow nervously behind they . Dr. thorpe be almost completely gray . dr . thorpe what have we get ? ( recognize Paul ) what , you again ? 70 . paul bloody creme de menthe . ems worker lower abdominal pain . fever. nausea . dr . thorpe Appendix . triage two , please . ( to Paul ) you might qualify for we frequent flier membership . int . princess of wale hospital , waiting room - night where julz wait with yvonne as Dr. thorpe enter . dr . thorpe well , the good news be , it 's get nothing to do with the creme de menthe . julz and the not good news ? CUT to : int . triage room two - night as Dr. thorpe flip on a lightboard , revealing a x-ray of Paul 's abdomen . dr . thorpe the appendix have not rupture , yet . yvonne thank god . dr . thorpe yes definitely , although it 'il have to come out I be afraid . julz when ? dr . thorpe how 's four o'clock suit you ? paul I can not . julz his opera open tomorrow night . dr . thorpe oh , fantastic . which one ? 71 . paul aida . dr . thorpe oh , be that the madonna one ? wonderful performance that . I be afraid sing 's quite out of the question . paul I be the lead . they be count on I . dr . thorpe a appendectomy be invasive surgery . if we leave it in it 's sure to rupture and he could die . take it out and any great effort , like sing for instance , you be liable to burst the stitches and cause irreparable damage to the kidney or diaphragm . paul how irreparable ? dr . thorpe it 's possible that sing ... would not be possible . yvonne well , that 's that then . Paul and julz exchange look . CUT to : ext . bath university theater - night lit up with banner and poster display the name of the cast include Paul . int . bath university theater , backstage - night where Paul warm up he vocal chord while bathing they in the output from a clothing steamer . paul neeee , nayyyy , nahhhh , noooo , nuuuu . ( up a octave ) neeee , nayyyy , nahhhh , noooo , nuuuu . he remove he shirt revealing a enormous post - surgical bandage across he stomach . 72 . int . bath university theater - night as julz , yvonne and roland take they seat . roland it 's right stupid , if you ask I . yvonne do shut up , roland . the least we can do be support he , no matter how insufferably daft he 's be . julz I 'il thank you both not to talk about my husband that way . yvonne yes , you be right , dear . it 's just so -- really , why can not he just put himself first for a change ? julz because then he would be just like everyone else . and he 's not be he ? yvonne ( kiss she cheek ) you be a very lovely girl . she take julz 's hand in hers ... roland ( roll he eye ) I have trade both I ear for a pint about now . despite he bluster , he 's just as nervous as they be . the choirmaster take he place in the orchestra pit and the light go down and the prelude begin to play ... the trio watch nervously as ... Paul appear on-stage , resplendent in the costume of a egyptian military commander . he sing he open line , a discussion with ramfis , the high priest . julz his first aria 's right at the top . ramfis exit the stage and Paul step forward ... the translation crawl appear on -screen , above the stage . 73 . paul translation celeste aida , forma divina . heavenly aida , divine form . mistico serto di luce e mystical garland of light fior . Del mio pensiero tu and flower . you be queen sei regina . tu di mia vita of my thought . you be the sei lo splendor . splendor of my life . julz mouth the word with he , squeezing the life out of yvonne 's hand ... julz ( cont 'd ) he 's do it . he 's all right . they clutch each other , while roland stare transfix at the stage in utter disbelief . he look around at other in the audience to see if they be equally stunne then be physically move as Paul hit a powerful high note . int . bath university theater , stage wing - night Paul come off stage during the transition , hand on he stomach and wince in pain as he wait beside a stagehand . stagehand y 'o okay ? paul yeah , fine . stagehand sound bloody marvelous . paul ( appreciative but hurt ) thanks . int . bath university theater - night scene ii be underway , the priest and priestess of the temple pray to the spirit phtha ... and then something seem wrong . a priest repeat he line ... yvonne what 's wrong ? one of the other priest step up and sing Paul 's line . julz that 's suppose to be -- ( then she 's up ) Excuse I please . 74 . push she way through to the aisle , then run out to the lobby . ext . bath university theater - night julz run around to the artist 's entrance where a ambulance be just pull up . julz oh God . Paul emerge , tunic soak with blood from he break stitches , arm around the shoulder of the stagehand and a background player as the ems worker take he . paul ( see julz ) I be okay . I be okay . yvonne arrive , follow by roland who carry a lager in a paper bag as Paul 's load into the ambulance . roland what do I tell ya ? CUT to : int . operating theater - day where Paul lie unconscious as a team of surgeon operate on he . CUT to : int . hospital room - night Paul sleep with julz curl around he . she whisper as she stroke he hair . julz they find tumor on you adrenal gland . I know you be frighten , and not sing again be more than you can bear , but I just want you to know that if you never sing again , I will do everything in my power to fill that void with as much happiness as I can possibly manage . she close she eye and hold he tighter . CUT to : 75 . ext . finnegan 's pub - day as julz 's car pull up and she run around , open the passenger side door for Paul , who look uncomfortable and miserable . julz you sure you do not want to wait in the car ? Paul shake he head . whisper that he have to go to the loo , even talk clearly hurt ... julz ( cont 'd ) that you can do on you own . int . finnegan 's pub - day as Paul enter to a uproarious -- everybody surprise !! the entire opera company be there along with he yvonne and braddon . they all begin to sing , opera-style ... everybody ( cont 'd ) for he 's a jolly good fellow . for he 's a jolly good fellow . for he 's a jolly good fall - ow ! which nobody can deny ! braddon ( '' audition '' ) can de -nyyyyyyyyyy - end in a cough fit . Paul be touch and perplex as the choirmaster step forward . choirmaster for bravery and the rather thick - head willingness to sacrifice himself for he fellow man , and woman , and that undecided ... bath Opera be proud to present you with the first Golden Appendix award , in hope for a clean bill of health , and a speedy return to the stage . braddon hip-hip . everybody hooray ! 76 . braddon hip-hip . everybody hooray ! Paul accept the Golden Appendix award , a amorphous lump of clay paint gold , and start to speak softly . everybody ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? speak up then . he smile bashfully then lead into julz ear , whisper . julz you have no idea how much this mean to I . my whole life I never even have one true friend , much less a entire company . from the bottom of my heart , thank you . and much as I would love to continue talk through my wife , you will all be very upset with I if I do not use the loo immediately . everybody cheer as he hustle quickly off towards the back . drink be order and the choirmaster hug julz . choirmaster so how 's he do ? julz he 's heartbroken , of course . time will tell . choirmaster ( hand she a cassette ) this will guarantee he can have he voice back whenever he like . CUT to : int . paul & julz tiny apartment , bathroom - day Paul look in the mirror as he check the fresh bandage around he mid-section , poke and prodding they . so far , so good . he lick he lip and , building he determination , try to hum a single note but nearly collapse in pain . he hear the front door open ... julz hal -oo ? I have get some lovely vichyssoise . 77 . he hurriedly button he shirt , but not in time ... julz ( cont 'd ) freeze , Jack ! ( he drop he hand ) how many time --? would you enjoy a infection then ? perhaps another surgery , like Dr. thorpe warn you about ? ( he hang he head ; pout ) do not think so . help I with I grocery . he kiss she cheek then take several plastic shopping bag off she hand and carry they into the kitchen . CUT to : int . car phone warehouse - day Paul help a seven year - old girl and she mum program she first mobile phone . he 's lose several stone of weight and he hair 's short indicate the passage of some time ... paul or you might like the dance frog ringtone , which be quite popular . girl what kind of a idiot want a dance frog on they phone ? suddenly , a dancing frog ringtone be hear . braddon run from the back and answer he flash phone . braddon ( suddenly black ... ) yeah ? what up B - Dog . for real ? yo , that 's off the chain , yo , yo . paul ( to the girl ) excellent point . braddon much love . mad respect . peace out . paul I do not know you be a rapper . braddon oh , that 's just my boss up at hq in croydon . he 's mah boyy . 78 . girl you do not look African . braddon the outside may be vanilla darlin’ , but the inside 's chocolate through and through . girl have you get a large penis ? braddon 's about to respond , but a murderous look from the girl 's mum freeze he tongue . int . car phone warehouse , back room - day Paul come in to find braddon do a pathetic breakdance celebration . paul what 's get you all chuff up ? braddon I just get a raise . paul that 's fantastic , well do . ( surprised ... ) if you do not mind I ask , um , why exactly ? braddon what do you mean , why ? I be a stupendous manager . I feel a sudden urge to sing . paul oh , please do not . actually , no offense or anything , and this be no reflection on my feeling towards you personally , but you be actually kind of a crap manager , if you really look at it . braddon well you that , and I know that , but ... if you must know , we little shop have the high sale in all of Wale over the last two quarter . ( sing ) the high sale in all of Waaaaaaales ! paul that 's wonderful ! ( realize ... ) ( more ) 79 . paul ( cont 'd ) you mean over the six month since I get back from surgery ? braddon yes , but -- paul during which time I actually keep the shop open between the hour of ten and six ? braddon well yes but -- paul and put my sing on hold because -- braddon because you be a sissy . paul ( ignore he ) and put the ad in all the local papers ? and -- braddon alright , blimey . you be get a raise as well . paul I be ? braddon couple 'a quid a hour . paul you serious ? braddon ( sing again ) the high sale in -- paul -- all of waaaaaaaaales ! so powerful braddon take a inadvertent step back and trip over a unopen box . he glare up at Paul from the braddon bastard ! 80 . paul ( stunne ) I can sing . braddon this cost I ten pound down the -- paul I can sing ! I can -- braddon do not ! paul ( whisper at first ) the high sale in -- ( belting it out ) -- all of wale ! braddon go down again ... int . paul 's apartment build , lobby - day where julz remove the mail from the postbox , and flip through as she head for the stair . suddenly she stop at a letter and tear it open , read hungrily . julz dear Mrs. pott we be in receipt of you cassette ... and would very much like to ... yeah ! ! smash CUT to : the dancing frog ringtone ext . car phone warehouse - day as Paul , strapping on he bicycle helmet , answer he mobile phone . paul julz ? julz paul you will never guess what -- you will never guess what -- julz you first . paul I can sing . 81. julz I know . paul no , I can sing . now. again . julz oh , thank god . ext . bridgend shopping mall - day Paul coast out of the parking lot on he bicycle , pump he fist in the air . julz ( v.o. ) promise you will not be cross with I . paul ( v.o. ) Cross be the last thing I be go be with you when I get home . julz ( v.o. ) you do not know the half of it . ext . welsh countryside - day various shot of Paul sing '' the highest sale in all of Wale '' with both fist thrust in the air as he pedal through the roll hill with they ancient stone wall . paul ( v.o. ) what have you do , julz ? julz ( v.o. ) do you remember the cast recording of aida , before it open ? paul ( v.o. ) Julie - Ann ? julz ( v.o. ) well , I make some copy of it and send they ' round to a few agent in London . paul ( v.o. ) you what ? julz ( v.o. ) someone have to do something to get you off you bum . paul ( v.o. ) but , what if it turn out I could not sing ? 82 . julz ( v.o. ) remember when I first meet you mum and dad and tell they what a wonderful singer you be . paul ( v.o. ) load of bollock as far as you know at the time . julz ( v.o. ) I believe in you ... and it turn out I be not the only one . you have get a appointment tomorrow in London with a music agent who think you be quite good . paul ( v.o. ) you be joke . julz ( v.o. ) I be not . paul yahooooo ! !! Paul wipe frame , riding away from we down a mountain road , whooping as he go until - - a car appear from nowhere -- and smashes into he head on -- paul be thrown from he bike , bounce off the windshield , over the hood and land on the pavement a dozen yard away ... dissolve to : ext . princess of wale hospital - night where julz be see walk angrily / terrify towards the entrance . int . princess of wale hospital , emergency room - night she walk up to the nurse 's station . julz ( stammer ) I be um ... my husband , Paul ... there be a accident ? 83. dr . thorpe hallo , julz . right this way ... you know we be think of building you two you own entrance . he see she 's only barely hold it together . put he arm around she and lead she into -- int . triage room one - night where Paul lie encase in a plaster cast that cover he upper torso and leave arm which jut out in front of he at a right angle , support by a metal pole . his face be cut and stitched in several place and support by a thick neck brace . dr . thorpe his collar bone 's shattered and he 's get severe whiplash . julz but he 's not -- dr . thorpe he will not be run a marathon anytime soon , but he 's not in any great danger . paul ( slightly drugge ) hello , cameron . julz ( kissing Paul 's face ) you have get to stop do this to I . paul I be sing again . julz go to sleep . fade to black . title : eighteen month later int . paul & julz tiny apartment - day where a radio play a commercial for britain 's got talent , '' search for the next sing , dance or other talent sensation '' and a hundred thousand pound to the winner . 84. the ad be follow by andrea bocelli 's rendition of con the partiro . Paul reach out and switch the station to coldplay . he 's recline on a orthopedic chair while surfing the internet for debt consolidation information . he 's gain weight again and he hair be unkempt . the doorbell ring and he hoist himself to he foot with a grunt , and shuffles he way over to the door which he open to reveal braddon . braddon be you Paul pott ? paul no . braddon perfect , then you be just the man I be look for . Paul let he in . paul what you be do ? braddon ( look around ) more than you I have say . Christ , how much mope can one man do ? paul I be not mope . I be just ... braddon not do anything ... like work . paul I tell you , I be still not up to -- braddon toss Paul a car phone warehouse '' manager '' name tag and a set of key . braddon too late . paul what 's this ? braddon feast you eye upon the South western District sub-manager for carphone warehouse . 85 . paul you be not ! CUT to : ext . steel mill - day Paul shuffles along beside braddon as they walk along the road outside the mill and its tower of belching steam . paul what have you do , cook the book again ? braddon I be quite capable of honest advancement , thank you very much . paul somebody die ? braddon the former South western District sub- manager . cholera . on safari or something . anyway , I start Monday in croydon . paul ( fumble with the key ) honestly , I do not really think I be up to it . braddon bollock . you be on disability for over a year , they have cut up most of you credit card and poor julz -- paul do you have any idea how many pill I have to take every day ? I do not choose this ! braddon believe that life be worth live , and you belief will help create the fact . paul what ? braddon Henry James ...or mighty mouse , I be not sure which . they arrive at braddon 's new / use motorcycle , barely stand what with the various case and bag strapped to it at all angle ... 86 . paul you be leave now ? braddon commerce wait for no man . gonna miss you , laddie . you be I best mate . there , I say it . paul rubbish . uber-district-sub-under-managers do not have time for such emotion . braddon it 's District sub - manager , and I will be poppin 's round every now and again to check up on ya . make sure there 's no funny business goin 's on . paul you could not spot funny business if it be tattooe to you eye-lid . braddon you know that , and I know that , but -- paul give we a ring when you be settle . braddon I be tell the woman in croydon shag like wild ferret . paul might want to think about a raby shot . ( braddon consider this before they hug ) thanks , Brad . braddon give the missus a good squeeze for I . paul no , but I ’1l1 tell she you say bye . braddon kick -start the motorcycle which roar powerfully to life ... braddon May the -- ... then stall immediately . he try to start it again ... braddon ( cont 'd ) May the -- crap . May the -- 87 . paul bit more clutch , maybe . braddon scoff until the bike roar to life . braddon May the -- the bike suddenly jerk forward , zoom he out of earshot . paul -- flame of arveron sustain you . he watch braddon 's motorbike teeter away down the road , before turn and shuffle back home . ext . car phone warehouse - day look in through the window as the light come on inside . Paul walk to the window , look up at the gray welsh sky that 's reflect in the glass and on he face as he pull the chain on the neon '' OPEN '' sign . int . car phone warehouse - day he turn to face the store which be , predictably , in shamble . dissolve to : the neon sign ; be switched off ext . car phone warehouse - evening as julz wait patiently at the front door as Paul lock up . julz good first day ? paul ( unenthusiastically ) yeah . brilliant . she walk slowly as he shuffles along the arcade of shop . julz any luck with the hire ? paul ( distract ) only a few applicant . be better once we get a ad go in the paper . 88 . she follow he eye as they linger on a display in the music store window , a life-size stand up of palacido domingo , promote a new album . she take he hand as he look away , sense she pity but not want to talk about it ... paul ( cont 'd ) how be you day ? CUT to : int . fish bar - night where Paul and julz sit over basket of skate & chip with yvonne and roland . roland ... pressure cause a the number five furnace to literally split down the side . yvonne oh my lord . roland bunch 'a the molten steel get out . eighteen hundred Celsius , damn near melt half the machinery before we get the fire out . julz be anyone hurt ? roland billy watkin almost get incinerate , but lucky for he Paul 's friend Matthew manage to hoist he out of the pit before the soup get ‘im . paul he 's not my friend . roland he 's a bloody hero . paul good for he . yvonne ( diverting ... ) anything exciting down at the shop ? 89 . roland hang on , love . ( to Paul ) what ever disagreement you have when you be in school , do not you think it 's time you -- paul disagreement ? do you see that , dad ? he show he a scar start just at the edge of he hairline . paul ( cont 'd ) that 's from a bicycle chain , wrap around he fist while two of he droog hold I down . I be twelve . roland I do not remember that happen . paul what be it you tell I , dad ? maybe if I lose a few stone , I would not provoke they . roland look just because you have have a run of bad luck ... you have have plenty of opportunity to sort yourself out . paul ( not back down ) all that year waste on that sing nonsense . roland you be not sing now , be you ? yvonne roland . roland you be wife 's work two job to pay you hospital bill and all you do be mope about . julz he 's back at car phone warehouse . roland oh , well , that 's a step in no direction , be not it . ( more ) 90 . roland ( cont 'd ) we may not have a lot in common , but you be my son and I have never be prouder of you than when I hear you perform in bath . that be heroic . you want to give it up , anyone would understand after what you have be through ... but you have not have you . you be afraid to sing , but you be afraid to move past it . that 's not life . julz and yvonne stare at they hand , try to hide they agreement ... int . paul & julz tiny apartment - night Paul sit at the computer , pout while work on they pitiful finances while julz watch coronation Street on itv . paul Three hundred pound pay , another thirty - seven thousand to go . julz we will be all right . paul how do you know . julz it 's just money , be not it . as long as we have get each other . paul and coronation Street . julz well , yeah . Paul turn back this he computer as a series of pop - up advertisement appear . paul bloody pop-up . he close several of they , then stop on the last , a ad for Britain 's get talent . julz ( attention on the tv ) what 's that darling ? gl . paul nothing , just ... there 's this new contest . a hundred - thousand quid to the best performer in Britain . julz Robbie Williams 's 1l win that for sure . paul it 's for amateur . julz too bad you do not sing . you have have win it laugh . Paul stare at the window then minimize it ... after a moment , he bring it back up on the screen and start enter he detail ... paul it 's cheaper than a lottery ticket . julz be you seriously give it a go ? paul you be right . I be such a plonker . julz no , do it ! paul it 's stupid . he move to close the window when -- julz head or tail ? paul ay ? julz ( with a 50 p coin ) head you forget all about it , tail you push send . paul julz . julz I be at work today , chat with my girl , who ask after you as they do now and again . and do you know what I say ? 92 . paul that I be a tiger in bed ? julz aside from that ... I say I can not really say how my husband be , because , to be completely honest , I can not remember the last time he laugh . paul ( after a beat ) maybe my dad 's right . julz sod you dad . what do you want ? Paul take this in ... paul head . julz flip the coin ... int . paul & julz bedroom - night where Paul lie on he side , julz nuzzle up behind he as he 's lose in think ... julz what ? paul I be just think ... it would be nice to sing for a audience again . I think I could let it go after that . he look over at the bedside table where the 50 p coin sit , show the profile head of Queen Elizabeth ii . paul ( cont 'd ) probably will not even get a audition anyway . julz ( drift into sleep ... ) mmmmmm . CUT to : int . paul & julz bedroom - morning where the 50 p coin reflect the sliver of sunlight into Paul 's close eye , which snap open . 93 . he frown at the coin and jostle the bedside table , try to shift it out of the sunlight . the coin do not move . Paul reach out for he clock -radio and try to use it to shove the coin aside and instead end up knock everything off the table , waking julz . julz what 's happen !? paul sorry . int . car phone warehouse - day where Paul look over a job application . he 's smarten up and have the shop back in order . paul right , so where you answer '' maybe '' to the question , '' have you complete secondary school ? '' would you care to elaborate on that ? a punk girl , with a huge pink mohawk and numerous piercing both in she face and she leather jacket , stare at he vacantly . punk girl not really , no . paul right. ( as the phone ring ) just a second . car phone warehouse . this be Paul speak . int . paul & julz tiny apartment - day ( intercut ) where julz be take off she coat . julz be this Paul pott the singer ? paul I be a bit busy now , darling . julz oh right . too busy to come with I to cardiff on Friday . paul cardiff , what 's in -- 94 . as julz hit play on they answer- phone . the voice of a female producer be hear . female producer ( 0.s. ) yes , mister pott . be that right ? Paul pott . oh my . sorry , I be call from Britain 's get talent . we have receive you application and .mp3 audition and -- Paul listen as he watch the punk girl remove a safety pin from she nostril ... he turn away . julz ( as the message end ... ) well ? paul um , brilliant . julz what ? paul this Friday ? julz that 's what the lady say . paul that 's not nearly enough time . julz well , that 's all the time you have get . see you at seven . Paul hang up , terrify . he turn to see the punk girl be use the safety pin to pick at a large scab on she forearm . paul start Friday ? the punk girl look up , surprised . CUT to : int . paul 's apartment build , staircase - day where we hear Paul long before we finally see he , huffing and puffing and sweat he way up the stair until he collapse in a heap halfway up the final step . CUT to : 95 . ext . cardiff - day the large city in Wale be see in the distance as julz drive Paul and yvonne . int . julz 's car - day where yvonne sit in the back seat read over material regard the show , include photo of the judge , amanda holden , pier morgan , and simon cowell . yvonne right , so this be the judge . ( see Simon smile ) now he look like a very warm fellow . it say here , the audition be go to broadcast live on itv . do you know that Paul ? paul ( blanching ) you be joke ? julz ( suddenly nervous for he ) should not you be rehearse or something ? paul I can not . no tell what shape my vocal cord be in after so long . better to just warm up properly then see what come out rather than risk overdo it now . julz right ... but then how will you know if you sound any good ? paul trust I , babe . at best it 'il be crap . julz as long as you be confident . he smile nervously , stare out the window as the terror build ... ext . wale millennium centre - day where thousand have queue up outside the building , hope for a walk - on audition . the queue seem endless as they drive past ... yvonne be you mean to wait in that line ? 96 . paul I think maybe this be a bad idea . julz ( put she hand on he ) they like Paul 's song so much , he do not have to audition . Paul watch the face blur past as he apprehension grow ... int . wale millenium centre , artist entrance - day where Paul and the lady be escort through a swarm of people by a harry production assistant brandish a clipboard and walkie-talkie . production assistant -- complete cock - up I be afraid . all of a sudden Simon '' have '' to be on a plane to Dubai at three so everything 's be bump up . paul just as long as I have get time to warm up . production assistant how long do you need ? paul twenty minute should be plenty . production assistant take away ten minute from that and you be perfect . paul you mean I be on in -- production assistant s’actually about nine and a half minute , yeh ? ( hand pass to julz and yvonne ) this should get you seat in the reserve section . right through there . ( to Paul ) you be with I . paul ( turn to julz ) this be a mistake . 97 . julz you can warm up in ten minute , can not you ? yvonne nine and a half . production assistant we really must get -- paul ( to julz ) it 's be prove I be not good enough . let 's just go home and -- julz good enough for who ? bloomin 's pavarotti ? if you want a final go on -stage , then here 's you chance . or , if you really want to have a go at be a professional singer , here 's you chance . production assistant ( into she walkie ) we may have a problem . ( to Paul ) nine minute , yes or no . yvonne eight forty - five , actually . ( off they look ) sorry . julz what would toscanini do ? CUT to : int . wale millenium centre , backstage - day where the production Assistant lead Paul to the wing . production assistant just wait here for the pre-interview . paul pre-interview ? production assistant who be you ? why be you here ? just take a few minute . back in a sec. 98 . she hustle off leave he stand amidst several other performer : a michael jackson wanna - be , a juggler and a woman with a howling terrier . Paul realize he 's not in Kansas anymore and start to warm up , just as a camera crew barrel in along with the host ant and dec who be feed background by the production Assistant . production assistant ( cont 'd ) -- work at car phone warehouse . he 's marry . teeth be all bashed up and sing opera . ant Opera ? production assistant Paul , this be ant and Dec . Three minute . the camera light come on and blind he . int . wale millenium centre , auditorium - day where a young girl over - perform '' it 's a hard knock life '' on-stage . julz and yvonne be lead to they seat , high in the nose - bleed section . julz this be the reserve section ? yvonne ( scream into the phone ) I do not know if there 's a delay , just get you pucker old bum to a telly , do you hear I ?! ( hang up ; to julz ) honestly ! if he be not such a exquisite lover , I have have to leave the man . int . backstage - day Paul stare nervously through a gap in the curtain at the myriad camera and the enormous crowd as the impose judge : pier , amanda and simon critique the contestant before he , a young girl . simon that be absolutely excruciate . it be like a little kitten have be trap in a box and be shriek for its mum to come rescue it ... only mum 's too busy plugging she ear , be not she ? 99 . the young girl walk off the stage , fail to hold back she tear . int . theatre - day julz and yvonne sit way in the back . yvonne he be not very nice at all . julz I think Paul 's next . the light come down as a image of Paul appear , project on a screen . ant ( v.o. ) for the next contestant , the world of showbiz seem a million mile away . it 's Paul . a mobile phone salesman from South Wale . we Paul watch the young girl let out a huge sob as she run to she mother . stage manager ( to Paul ) I would not want to follow that . paul thanks . paul ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( on-screen ) by day , I sell mobile phone . Paul walk away from the stage manager , try not to hyperventilate as he pass behind a pair of producer . producer # 1 who 's this chap ? producer # 2 joke contestant . the chubby opera fellah . producer # 1 oh , he ’1ll be good for a laugh . Paul hang he head . finally , the truth of it ... paul ( 0.s. ) ( in the interview ) by day , I sell mobile phone . ( more ) 100 . paul ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) my dream be to spend my life do what I be bear to do . he sigh , give up once and for all ... int . theatre - day Paul be see on the screen . paul confidence ...is...has always be sort of a difficult thing for I ... I always find it a little difficult to be completely confident in myself . julz oh dear . she start texting furiously into she phone . int . backstage - day the stage manager run up to Paul ... stage manager you be on . motion for he to take the stage , but Paul do not move , he eye find the exit door . dec Paul pott everyone . int . theatre - day julz send the text then pray to everything she can think of . the audience begin to murmur . julz sense he hesitation ... int . backstage - day Paul 's check he buzzing phone ... read the text from julz : nothing venture , nothing gain . ps . pavarotti 's a asshole . love cameron . Paul smile ... 101 . int . theatre - day julz ( as a mantra ) one foot , then the other . and then Paul step self - consciously onto the stage , walk to the microphone , not look at anything , keep he tooth hide ... paul good afternoon . I be Paul . several thousand people look on from the audience . his entire physicality seem to apologize for be there . amanda what be you here for today , Paul ? paul to sing opera . Simon and pier exchange a '' oh crap '' look . the audience murmur , this be go to be terrible . Paul try to ignore they . simon ( annoyed ) okay . ready when you be . the open strain of nessun dorma begin . Simon lean back and sigh , put he pen in he mouth , wishing Paul be back in Wale . Paul stare at a point above the audience until he find julz , which allow he to shut everything else out ... paul nessun dorma . nessun dorma . Simon look up , chew he pen , suddenly interested as Paul begin the first crescendo ... paul ( cont 'd ) ma il mui mistero e chiuso in I . suddenly the audience cheer . julz and yvonne react , clutching each other again ... amanda take a deep breath , stunne as be Simon and pier . paul ( cont 'd ) Il nome mui nessun spara , no no . dilegua , of Notte ! tramontate , stelle ! tromontate stelle ! all 'alba vincero ! 102 . Simon 's mouth hang open . amanda actually begin to cry as the audience rise to it 's foot . paul ( cont 'd ) vincero . vincero ! the audience be on they foot , roaring ... julz and yvonne hug each other , bounce up and down ... even Simon applaud and smile as the music end ... he look back at the thunder audience , and actually laugh out loud . Paul take a deep breath , happy to be finish then just stare at the floor , face tight , expect the worst . simon so you work at car phone warehouse and you do that . I be not expect that . amanda no , neither be I . simon this be a complete breath of fresh air . I think you be absolutely fantastic . Paul smile , somewhere between relief and vomit . pier you have a incredible voice . I think , if you keep sing like that , you be go to be one of the favorite to win this competition . CUT to : int . backstage - day Paul nod and smile shyly at the congratulation from show staff and other contestant . he head out the back door just as julz run up to embrace he ... he hug she and begin to sob , bury he face in she neck as he entire body be wrack with spasm as the pain of the last three year flow from he in tear of joy . julz it 's all right . it 's all right . CUT to : 103. int . the forge tavern - night the grimy after- work man watch silently as Paul sing on each of the several television . as he begin the final high note , the man erupt into laughter , clap roland on the back as tear run down he face . Matthew watch , hat Paul all over again because he 's brave enough to be different . the first drunk from the beginning lean over to roland . first drunk bloody wonderful that . Matthew stand behind roland , talk with several of the other man . matthew what kind of poof sing opera ? roland turn to face he . matthew ( cont 'd ) not exactly a chip off the old block , be he ? roland a bicycle chain ? matthew what ? roland be it true ? matthew um , well , we be only kid . roland snarl and level Matthew with haymaker . Matthew go down , out cold . roland get this pile 'a dung outta my sight . two man pick up Matthew and carry he to the door , pass Paul , julz and yvonne as they enter . a cheer go up as they be recognize . ext . the forge tavern - night Paul and roland stand outside , wait for they wife . 104 . roland I want to tell you something ... I have not be the best ... choke up . Paul put he hand on he shoulder ... paul dad , you do not have to -- roland shut up . ( deep breath ) the only real measure of a father 's success be by how far he child end up surpass he in life . I be not good with word ... but you should be very , very proud of yourself . paul orgoglio . roland what ? paul nothing . CUT to : paul - taking a deep breath int . concert hall - night he 's stand back stage in a new tuxedo . julz nervous ? paul always . think I should open with a joke ? julz paul probably not . yeah , probably not . julz if this end tonight , I have still love you forever . paul D 's you wanna make a run for it ? julz up to you . 105 . paul best not . see what happen . julz kiss he and put something in he hand . julz for luck . Paul look down to see the 50 p coin and the face of Queen Elizabeth ii . CUT to : the actual face of queen elizabeth ii int . empire theater , liverpool - night sitting beside the duke of edinburgh in the royal box as Simon , amanda and pier be on-stage . simon now , of course , that be Paul pott who go on to become the deserve winner of the whole competition . since then , he first album have already sell over two million copy and he 's be number one in fifteen different country . lady and gentleman , I be very proud to introduce Paul pott . title : empire theater , liverpool , december 3 , 2007 a flute play as a enormous video screen show image of Paul 's audition and subsequent victory in the final of Britain 's get talent . the screen rise and Paul walk out on stage alongside a entire orchestra and begin to sing ... Paul 's nervousness gradually subside and he look out at the crowd , see the Queen and , several row behind she , braddon stand with a very pretty goth woman . braddon smile and make a ferret face , nodd over at the woman . Paul smile and continue the song as the camera orbit around he , revealing he sing : at the Sydney Opera House ... 106 . title : paul' debut album '' one chance '' opened at number one , outselling the rest of the top - ten combined . on the Oprah Winfrey show ... title : he sold - out tour have circle the globe five time before 70000 fan in Germany ... title : in 2008 , he have the third surgery of he life CUT to : a photo of paul smiling ; he teeth now capped and perfectly straight dissolve to : a photo of the real paul and julie - ann pott ; both wear t- shirt saying '' brad '' and '' cameron '' respectively . CUT to : the famous video of paul 's actual audition for britain 's got talent playing alongside the end credit ...