bad mom written by jon Lucas & Scott Moore June 9 , 2015 ext . norchester , massachusett -- morning norchester be a beautiful , leafy suburb of Boston . kid ride bike . dad walk dog . neighbor chat with each other . and in the middle of town sit the norchester school surrounded by playground and lush field , norchester be the public school we all wish we kid could go to : dynamic teacher , motivate student , win sport team , every type of art program imaginable -- it 's perfect . a line of minivan disgorge hundred of k-12 child in front of the school as well -dress mom load up they precocious kide with backpack , lunchbox , and science project before kissing they goodbye . then a totally busted 1985 toyota celica thunder up to the school blast hip hop and billow grey smoke from its tailpipe . the car rumble to a stop and a huge 15 year old with a mullet and rip jeans get out -- voice from the car hey dum - dum you forget you lunch ! a bag of mcdonald 's fly out of the car . the giant kid catch the bag and shamble off towards the school . finally we reveal the mom drive the celica : carla dunkler she 's wear a low cut silver lamé top , no bra , sunglass , and she could not give a fuck . freeze frame on carla lighting up a cigarette as we smash the title over she face : bad mom unfreeze as camera capture all of the other mom 's horrify reaction to carla . they shake they head , disgust ... carla just flip they all the bird as she roar off down the street . the camera stays with the beautiful , super - fit , super-rich alpha mom of the school gwendolyn jame as she watch carla drive off . she turn to she two best friend , vicky latrobe , not so bright , and mean stacy : gwendolyn that woman be a fuck cancer . mean stacy why can not you get they kick out of the school , like you do with the Mandel 's ? gwendolyn because she 's one- sixteenth chickasaw indian , and you can not fuck with that kind of diversity . ( scowling after carla ) no , that bitch be bulletproof ... vicky latrobe could not you find another indian to replace carla ? gwendolyn vicky , I be the President of the pta , I be not Kevin fuck costner , okay ? I can not just blow my ram 's horn and make more Indians appear . mean stacy frown at a cluster of mom nearby . mean stacy oh gross look : all the attachment mom be wear harem pants today . the attachment mom , long hair , baby in sling , hippy kide at they foot , walk up the path wear baggy harem pants ... gwendolyn that bitch better vaccinate they filthy child or I swear to God I will go off -- ( wave sweetly to they ) hey meg! hey shar ! Love you pants ! the attachment mom wave back , friendly , heyyy ! vicky latrobe uh-oh , the Tiger mom be late today . Three anxious TIGER mom hurry they stress child up the walk to the school , wheeling suitcase full of book . mean stacy violin Camp must have run late this morning . gwendolyn look at they fuck kid . they look like hostage . ( smile , to Tiger mom ) hey Karen call I ! one of the TIGER mom wave sweetly as she hurry past . mean stacy oh God pretend to look at you phone here come that weird stay - at -home mom . a dorky stay- at-home mom , kiki , approach wear a cardigan , mom jeans , and a desperate smile . she herd two SMALL kide and a pair of baby twins . gwendolyn 's crew quickly look at they phone , try not to make eye contact , but kiki walk right up to they , barely hold it together : kiki hey guy how be you guy ?! gwendolyn oh hey kiki , how be y-- kiki I be amazing maddie be up all night barfing on my hair but I be great I be so happy --! gwendolyn awesome well have a good day . kiki also Bernard have night terror he 's really not do okay --! gwendolyn great I 'o 1ll see you at the bake sale - kiki hey I be go to get a fun coffee after this it 's like the only thing I do for myself every day do you want to come with I ?! gwendolyn oh , I would really rather not but thank you ! kiki nod , pain / happy , and shepherd all of she kid towards the school . gwendolyn exhales , watch kiki : gwendolyn ( cont ’d ) Jesus she 's like two day away from drive she kid into a lake . just then a minivan squeal up and the hero of we story amy mitchell scramble out , chic in a skirt suit . Amy hurry she two kid , dylan , 10 , sweet , lazy , and jane , 16 , anxious over - achiever , out of she minivan . she smile at a passing mom . mean stacy and here 's Amy , late as always ... gwendolyn I love how hard she work . vicky latrobe oh my god , such a hard worker . gwendolyn I just fuck say that vicky . on amy as she usher she kid up the path towards the school , hand they a comically large amount of stuff . amy okay , here be you lunch : organic turkey club for Jane and gluten free peanut butter and jelly with low salt yam chip for Dylan -- she hand tupperware platter of delicious food to each of she kid . they take they , unimpress and ungrateful . dylan what be yam chip ? amy I do not know , the school send a email say that yam be more sustainable than potato but to be totally honest I do not know what sustainable mean I just do not want to get in trouble with the crazy food mom . oh , and Dylan , here 's what I make for you american History project -- she hand Dylan a amazing three foot paper -mache head of richard nixon . Dylan take it , again unimpress by he mom 's amazing handiwork , as they near the school entrance ... amy ( cont 'd ) okay , I love you guy so much . Amy kiss both of she kid , emotional -- jane not so loud , mom , Jesus ! amy I love you both so much I love my baby ! Jane and Dylan race into school , embarrassed , as Amy grin ... gwendolyn hey Amy ! Amy look over , see gwendolyn and she crew , and smile : amy oh hey ! how be you guy ? gwendolyn I do not know how you do it , leave you kid and go to work every day . you be so strong . amy oh , thanks -- mean stacy do not you just miss they ? amy I do , but I also need like , money -- mean stacy I have a job once but I do not love it so I quit . vicky latrobe I design jewelry ! mean stacy Jesus Christ vicky stop say that like it 's a good thing . amy okay well , I be late for work , so ... mean stacy you be always late . amy I know , it 's basically the only thing I be good at this day ! bye ! they say goodbye . gwendolyn watch Amy race off , troubled : gwendolyn she 's so likeable . the mom shudder , equally disgust . CUT to : ext . boston / int . amy 's minivan -- morning Amy rocket through downtown Boston like Jeff Gordon at talladega . she cut across three lane of traffic as horn blare . she wave -- sorry ! int . coffee for the people -- day coffee for the people be a hip , free -trade , super - lefty coffee company . the office be all reclaim wood and glass , and the average age of the employee be 22 . hip young guy play ping pong , hip young girl ride scooter and chat over cappuccino at the espresso bar . work be so fun ! then Amy blow into the office , harry . tessa , 20' , Amy 's assistant with straight bang fall into step with she : tessa hey man . amy good morning tessa . tessa the masseuse be here today , you want a shoulder rub ? amy oh my God I would love that , but I do not have time . thanks though -- they hurry into amy office it 's a classic work Mom 's Office : photo of she kid everywhere , desk in complete disarray . just as Amy and tessa enter , dale kipler , 24 , the too way young , way too cool ceo of the company follow they in : dale kipler Morning ! amy oh hey Dale -- what 's up ? dale kipler I have a dream last night . I be naked in a hotel room ... like totally naked , ball and everything - amy yup get it . dale kipler and I walk over to the coffee maker in my hotel room ... and I see a bag of we coffee there . tessa cool dream Dale . dale kipler thanks tessa . amy so ... be this you way of say that you want to start sell we coffee to hotel now ? dale kipler no . this be my way of say that I want you to start sell we coffee to hotel now . amy wow . okay . well , I be already run all of we sale to supermarket , restaurant and airline , be there maybe someone else , like one of the guy who play ping pong all day , who could run this ? Dale look out at the young hipster play ping pong ... dale kipler Amy . listen to I . we be all equal here . I be no better than you and you be no better than I . ( more ) dale kipler ( cont 'd ) but you be way better than that guy , do you know what I mean ? I can not trust they with one of my really cool dream idea . amy right , but break into the hotel market be go to take a ton of work , and I be sort of part time , remember ? dale kipler you be ? since when ? amy six year ago ? dale kipler no way ! you be always here ! amy I know , but I have a family ... and stuff ? dale kipler dude : I love family . that 's why I write it on my arm : Dale show she a gothic forearm tattoo that read '' family . '' dale kipler ( cont 'd ) tight , right ? amy I guess --? dale kipler cool , let I know how many hotel you can close by Friday . ( exite , stop ) oh hey , you come out with we to lunch ? we be do barbecue & bowl ! amy no ...? I have get to work ? dale kipler Love that . you guy really be the greatest generation . Amy just watch he exit , baffle ... amy I miss work with grown-ups . tessa dude how the fuck be you gonna do this hotel thing on top of all the other work you have ? Amy rub she temple , overwhelm with stress ... amy I have no idea ... what 's my schedule for today ? tessa well , you be already late for you marketing meeting ... begin montage : -- Amy run into a conference room where a meeting be in progress . she smile apologetically . the presenter glare ... tessa ( v.o. ) then you have get a sale pitch to the tdi restaurant group ... -- smiling , professional , Amy offer taster cup of coffee to several gray - haire executive , who nod , impressed ... tessa ( v.o. ) then you have get lunch at you desk while you write you annual sale report ... -- type furiously , Amy eat a pathetic lunch from tupperware at she desk . out she window , she watch all the young people in she office head to lunch in matching bowling shirt , laugh . Amy frown and keep work ... tessa ( v.o. ) after lunch , you have Zumba ... -- dress in lululemon , drip with sweat , Amy Zumbas in a class full of work woman . she look seriously nauseous ... tessa ( v.o. ) which be obviously not the ideal time to Zumba , but it 's the only time I could fit it in ... the clip of Amy 's day start cycle faster and faster ... 10 . tessa ( v.o. ) then you have get a meeting with the creepy guy from corporate ... -- back in she suit , Amy race into a meeting full of creepy corporate guy who all leer at she lasciviously ... tessa ( v.o. ) follow by a second meeting to discuss how the first meeting go ... -- look highly confuse , Amy race into another meeting in a different office with exactly the same people ... tessa ( v.o. ) after that , you have get a parent - teacher conference at school ... -- Amy race into she daughter 's classroom ... to find class be in session , and all the kid be look at she like : what be you do here ? Amy wince , sorry ! tessa ( v.o. ) ..- for Dylan , not Jane ... -- Amy race into she son 's classroom to again find the class in session . again , all the kid look like : why be you here ? tessa ( v.o. ) ..- with he math tutor . -- Amy race into a empty room to find the math tutor wait , look at he watch , disapprove . Amy smile apologetically and wedge herself into a tiny desk ... tessa ( v.o. ) then , on you way home , you have 56 phonecalls to return . -- feverishly talk on she cellphone , Amy aggressively drive she minivan through Boston rush hour traffic ... tessa ( v.o. ) also , you want I to remind you to go to the grocery store ... -- Amy weave she grocery cart through a crowded supermarket , still on the phone . she dexterously grab food - item and fling they into she cart , never slow down ... tessa ( v.o. ) then ... after all that ... 11. -- Amy race she minivan around a corner and pull into the driveway of she small , cozy , suburban home . she jerk to a halt next to she husband 's sedan in the driveway ... tessa ( v.o. ) «.. you get to go home ... int . amy house -- night Amy stumble into she house carry she work bag and , somehow , ten bag of grocery . she look exhaust but smile , happy to see she family ... tessa ( v.o. ) .»-- and you can finally relax . dylan sprint past Amy hold a cellphone as jane chase he , furious , still in she soccer uniform : jane dylan you asshole give I my phone ! they knock over a lamp and it crash to the ground ! amy hey hey hey --! but the kid race out . Amy sigh and lug all she stuff into the great room to find she husband , mike , watch tv with they dog roscoe , drink a beer , foot up . he see Amy and do not get up . mike oh hey babe . amy hey . Amy cross to the kitchen area and put down she bag , exhaust , as sound of she kid 's violent chase filter in ... amy ( cont 'd ) so , um , do you notice that Dylan and Jane be kind of like destroy the house ? mike oh no , I have be watch Travel Channel ! we should totally go to Mongolia by the way -- 12 . amy because I kind of think you be watch the kid . mike me? no . I be really not sure why you think that ... he watch tv as something shatter in the distance . amy Mike . mike yeah babe ! Amy just look at she husband look dopily at she ... and she decide , for the millionth time , that it just be not worth it . amy nevermind . mike cool -- what be you make for dinner ? int . kitchen -- dinner table -- later that night Amy have make a dinner worthy of four michelin star : stun filet of fish , three vegetable side , bottle of crisp white wine , and a fresh - baked cake on a stand . the family wolf down the meal in silence . Mike type on he iphone . amy so. Dylan , how have you do on you science quiz today ? dylan I get a D . amy ( troubled ) oh. wow . do you need extra help ? or maybe another tutor ? dylan Nah , I be good . frown , Amy nudge Mike , who 's still read he iphone : amy do you hear that , honey ? Dylan get a Don he science quiz . 13 . Mike blindly hold up he hand : mike Nice go , bud . they high - five as Mike keep type on he phone . Amy just look at she husband , frustrated ... then she remember : amy oh Jane , how be you soccer tryout ? jane oh my god mom do not stress I out any more than I already be ! amy okay , I be just -- jane coach be posting the list of who make the team at 9 o'clock tonight and I be so nervous it 's give I a rash look at my rash ! Jane hold up she arm to reveal a rash . Amy frown , worried : amy oh god , baby , be you okay ? dylan that look like lupus . jane oh my God I have fuck lupus ?! amy no , you do not have lupus , and you be gonna make the soccer team , okay ? I promise . just do not go all black swan on I right now , okay ? int . jane 's room -- later that night Jane 's bedroom be a shrine to all thing soccer . poster , jersey , cleat on the floor -- soccer be she life . insanely stress , Jane and Amy pace in front the laptop on Jane 's bed , bite they nail in exactly the same way ... jane what time be it now ?! amy still 8:59 . 14 . jane come on ! mother and daughter pace . then Amy look at she watch : amy 9:00 ! go go go ! Jane lunge for the laptop and furiously type . she scan the screen ... and then freak out : jane I made it ! I made the team ! they hug and jump together ! amy oh my GOD I ’m so relieved ! they finally stop jump and catch they breath . Amy beam : amy ( cont 'd ) I be so proud of you , baby . jane thanks , Mom . I never could have do this without you . Amy smile , touch . this be the moment that make it all worth it ... jane ( cont 'd ) oh my God this be gonna look so pimp on my college application ! I mean I have get the grade , I have get 150 hour of community service , I have get four bullshit extra - curricular , but play on a state rank soccer team ?! that 's huge ! ( grin , then ) wait ... what if I do not play ?! what if I be a benchwarmer ?! amy oh baby it 's fine -- jane no it 's not fine ! do you have any idea how hard it be to get into a ivy League school now ?! they turn away asian , mom ! amy okay , that 's a little racist -- 15 . jane if I do not make the start line - up the recruiter will not see I play and then I will have to go to a d3 college then I be gonna go to a crappy law school then my alcoholic boyfriend be go to knock I up and before you know it we be all live in a school bus on the side of the highway ! oh my god I need to practice my footwork why the hell do I eat dessert ?! Jane grab a soccer ball and hurry out , hyper-stress . Amy just stand there , dumbstruck . amy Holy shit she 's so crazy . int . mike 's home office -- later that night Amy enter Mike 's home office , yawn , smile ... amy good news , Jane make the soccer -- Amy stop upon see Mike behind he desktop computer , try to zip he pants and use the mouse at the same time . amy ( cont 'd ) oh my god be you --? mike no ! it be just ... a prostate thing -- ( struggle with mouse ) why will not this window close ?! Amy make she way around the desk , chuckle ... amy you know , I have always wonder what kind of porno you like -- her smile vanish when she see that Mike be skyp with a naked woman with giant boob and a even bigger bush . the naked woman see Amy enter frame , and look piss : naked woman on computer who the hell be you ?! amy I be he wife -- who be you ?! 16 . naked woman on computer oh shit -- the naked woman lunge out of frame . Amy spin on Mike : amy be you masturbate with another woman on skype ?! mike no ! no . amy then what be you do ?! mike ( beat ) okay yes obviously I be masturbate with another woman on skype . amy why be you do that ?! mike look , I do not think I have do anything wrong here . this be very mainstream now . Amy rub she face , try to get she head around this ... amy I do not know Mike . this really feel like cheating ... mike no no no , this be definitely not cheating . I have never even touch she ! if anything , this be a sign of how much I respect we marriage . amy it be . mike yes ! this amazing free app allow I to fulfill all of my darkest desire so I do not have to bring you into that world . honestly , I do not masturbate on skype for I -- I masturbate on skype for we . amy you gotta be shitting I . 17 . mike a lot of woman would be very happy to find they husband masturbate on skype three time a day instead of cheating on they ! amy you do this three time a day ?! mike with my work schedule it 's almost impossible , but I try to make time . honestly , you should try it . it 's very invigorate . plus it 's totally safe , you can not get herpes or aids -- naked woman on computer fuck you Mike I do not have aids ! amy how long have you be do this ? mike ( look at screen ) 5 minute and 22 second . amy no , like , how many day ? mike I do not remember . not long -- naked woman on computer 10 month next Friday . mike seriously sharron--? amy 10 month ?! do ... do you love she ? the naked woman slowly rise up in the skype window , curious to hear Mike 's answer . Mike sweat , tense , look between the computer and he wife . mike no . I do not love she . the naked woman on the monitor scowl . so do Amy . amy do you have feeling for she ? 18 . mike look , you do not masturbate with someone for ten month without develop some feeling for they -- amy do you have feeling for she , Mike . a beat . mike yes . I have feeling for she . she 's actually a pretty amazing woman . she run she own dairy farm -- amy get out . mike what ? amy get the fuck out of my house Mike . mike can I let my boner go down first --? amy no ! Mike stand , painfully zip up , cross to the door . stop . mike be we really do this ? amy yeah . I think we be . Mike nod and exit . Amy just stand there , reeling ... on the skype screen the naked woman reappear , consol : naked woman on computer look , I just think Mike feel really trap right now -- Amy clear the entire desk , send the desktop crashing to the floor ! then she stand there , try to breathe ... she 's about to break down cry when she hear : jane ( 0.s. ) mom ! can you put on my ointment ?! Amy slump . a mother 's work be literally never do ... 19 . Amy take a deep breath , dry she eye , straighten she shirt , and head off to help she daughter . amy I be come sweetie ! dissolve to : ext . norchester -- morning the early morning sun rise over the picturesque town ... ext . norchester school -- morning it 's morning drop -off again . mom park they minivan and hurry they cute kid off to school ... carla dunkler lean against she car , sport red fuck - I pump and way too much cleavage . texting on she phone , she chin-nod at a homely dad walk by : carla look good Jeff . dad oh , t-thanks - -? carla you be hit the speed bag ? dad oh , not in like ten year ? carla well it 's work buddy -- just then jeffus wife grab he arm and angrily hurry she husband away from carla . they blow past kiki the desperate stay- at- home mom , who shepherd she four kid towards the school , smile , barely hold onto she sanity . kiki yay ! another day of school ... just like yesterday ... and the day before that ... and the day before that -- just then gwendolyn , mean stacy and vicky approach , pass out flyer to all the mom : 20 . gwendolyn emergency pta meeting tonight at 5 ! tell all you friend ! kiki oh I do not really have any friend I be very isolate at home with the twin --! gwendolyn it 's really just a figure of speech - kiki I mean sometimes I meet up with other mom in the park but we be not really friend we just sit near each other -- gwendolyn great ! refreshment will be serve ! gwendolyn jam a flyer into kiki 's hand and hurry off with she crew . kiki look at the flyer , deeply touch : kiki thank you so much for invite I ! but gwendolyn and she crew have move on , hand out flyer . gwendolyn emergency pta meeting tonight guy ! if you care about you child please come ! vicky latrobe oh shit -- the hotness be here . they all stop to see jessie harkness , 30 , come up the path . he be the school 's hot English teacher , and all the nearby mom subtly , and not so subtly , check he out . gwendolyn good morning Mr. harkness ! jessie Morning , guy ! mean stacy I love you tie today ! jessie ( look at he boring tie ) thanks ... it 's blue ...? 21 . the woman all explode laughing way too hard . gwendolyn oh my God he 's so funny ! vicky latrobe he 's like Lewis ck ! jessie smile , a bit confuse , and head off towards the school . stacy hungrily eye he ass as he go ... mean stacy I would let he put it in my butt . like in theory I be against all butt stuff , but I would let he go to town back there ... CUT to : int . amy kitchen -- morning dress in a white suit , Amy frantically make a huge breakfast of egg , fresh - squeeze juice , yogurt and granola for she kid . she glance at the clock , stress ... amy okay , listen , dad have to go out of town so I be go to try and do everything by myself today ! I think I can make it work as long as -- just they family dog roscoe run headfirst into the kitchen wall wham ! then he get up and do it again wham ! and again wham ! the whole family just watch he , troubled ... jane I think roscoe be break . amy come on roscoe ! not today ! ext . norchester school / amy 's minivan -- day Amy anxiously speed along while roscoe sit shotgun wear a bike helmet . the kid sit in the back . then Amy squeal up to school and herd she kid out of the minivan . amy okay I only have four minute to get roscoe to the vet so have a great day I love you bye -- just then tap - tap ! gwendolyn rap on Amy 's window . Amy startles and spill coffee all over she white jacket -- 22 . amy ( cont 'd ) good night that be hot ! Amy frantically dab at the spill as she lower she window . amy ( cont 'd ) hi gwendolyn ! gwendolyn ( hand she a flyer ) hey babe , there 's a emergency pta meeting today at 5 . should only last 2 - 3 hour . amy awesome ! can not wait ! gwendolyn walk off as Amy squeal away , even more stress : amy ( cont 'd ) fuck ! ( to roscoe ) please just be okay , buddy -- int . veterinarian 's exam room -- day Amy hold roscoe , listen to she veterinarian : veterinarian you dog have vertigo . amy that can not be a thing . veterinarian he 's go to vomit and violently shed hair for the next 36 hour . amy oh my god . be there any medicine he can take ? veterinarian yes . it come from Brazil and it cost 600 dollar . Amy exhales . this day already suck and it 's not even 9am ... int . pharmacy -- day Amy run into the pharmacy -- to see the immensely long line wait for the pharmacist . she slump , and get in line ... 23 . int . coffee for the people -- day Amy race into work , sweaty and stain and cover in black dog hair but determine to make this day work . she dodge a fly nerf basketball and run to the conference room . amy I be here ! Amy be here --! just as she reach the conference room , the meeting let out . super-chill hipster exit past she . monotone hipster you have shit all over you jacket . Amy peek inside the conference room to see dale shaking he head at she as he talk to a co-worker . Amy wince , fuck ! int . norchester school -- auditorium -- day Amy sit in the auditorium watch Dylan 's 6th grade class put on a cute / horrible play . as a kid play abraham lincoln drone on and on , Dylan just stand there , yawning , in what appear to be a donkey costume . Amy smile , encourage , and secretly glance at she watch , anxious ... int . amy minivan -- day Amy wolf down lunch from the tupperware on she lap as she speed through Boston . when she slam on she brake to avoid a accident , she lunch fly all over she already stain white suit ! she scream , no --! int . coffee testing lab -- day Amy pace in a coffee testing lab , talk urgently on she phone . when a man in a white lab coat hand she a small tester cup of coffee , Amy shoot it down without think -- and then discover it 's scalding hot ! she explode coughing ! the Lab coat guy just look at she , deadpan ... ext . norchester school -- day Jane and Dylan sit outside of school , wait to be pick up , annoyed . frazzle , Amy roar up to the school . the van 's slide door open and Amy yell : amy I know I know I be sorry I be late ! Jane and Dylan hop into the still - slightly - move vehicle ... 24 . in the minivan Jane angrily buckle up as Amy accelerate off . jane I can not believe I be go to be late to my first soccer practice ! amy I be so sorry , baby ! I be try ! jane yeah well try harder ! my future be on the line here mom ! as Jane start frantically get dress in she soccer clothes , Amy smile at Dylan in the rear view mirror : amy how be you day , Dylan ? dylan I swallow a pen cap . Amy slump she head , shit , when -- wham ! Amy clip a park car 's side mirror , shatter she own ! she glance in she rear view mirror ... then look at the dashboard clock ... then she floors it away from the scene of the crime ! dylan oh crap be that a hit and run --?! amy nope ! no it be not ! but Jane nod at she little brother : it totally be ! ext . soccer field -- day a high -intensity girl 's soccer practice be already underway on this lush green field . then Amy squeal up and hop out with Jane , who 's still get dress . Amy help Jane pull on she jersey as Jane hop , try to put on she leave cleat ... they hustle towards the soccer practice past girl drilling shot on goal Amy hurry Jane along : amy go go go --! 25 . Jane run onto the field while Amy hurry over to coach patel on the sideline , dishevel and deeply apologetic . amy ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry , coach . this be all my fault . coach patel ( notice she look ) Rough day ? amy oh my god , it literally could not get any wor -- wham ! a ball drill Amy in the head and she drop out of frame ! CUT to : int . norchester school -- gymnasium -- night hundred of mom sit on fold chair in the gymnasium as gwendolyn take the podium , wear a headset mic . gwendolyn hi guy . for that of you who do not know I , I be gwendolyn James -- one person applaud way too aggressively . gwendolyn ( cont ’d ) can it , vicky . the applause stop . gwendolyn ( cont ’d ) I be president of the pta , I run my own lifestyle blog , perfectmom dotcom , and , most importantly , I be the proud mommy of two amazing daughter , Blair and Gandhi . in the back of the auditorium the door open and amy slowly enter , look like a disaster : she hair be frazzle , she leave eye be swollen , there be coffee , and food , and god know what else all over she once white suit . onstage , gwendolyn continue she speech : 26 . gwendolyn I call this emergency pta meeting to address a issue that radically affect the safety of we child : ( dramatic beat ) the bake sale . Amy just stand there , and say to no one in particular : amy do she just say ... the bake sale ? nearby mom I - I think so ? onstage , gwendolyn click through a very polished powerpoint presentation . it 's like a ted talk . gwendolyn here be a list of toxic ingredient that be ban from the bake sale : no BPA , msg , bha , or bht , plus no sesame or soy and obviously no sugar or nut or egg or gluten or milk or butter or salt . in the front row , kiki tentatively raise she hand , confuse : kiki so what ingredient can we use --? gwendolyn to enforce this rule , I be create a bake sale Police Force who will monitor the food , destroy any offend treat , and punish the wrongdoer . amy be this a joke ? do she say this be a joke before I get here ? the nearby mom shake she head , no ... gwendolyn and the first volunteer for my bake sale Police Force be ... ( look up , see Amy ) Amy Mitchell ! that 's what you get for be late , sweetie ! amy w- what ? gwendolyn please arrive at the bake sale two hour early to get train ... 27 . and then something amazing happen . Amy say the one word she never say : amy no . gwendolyn 's smile waver , unsure she hear correctly . gwendolyn what 's that now ? amy I have have a really long day . I have be burn , bruise , and knock unconscious . I screw up my daughter 's first day of soccer and I hand - searched my son 's poo for a pen cap he eat and my dog have vertigo and I have no help at home and I feel completely alone and old and unfuckable and I be drown at work and three hour ago I may or may not have commit a felony hit and run . and that be just today . ( beat ) I can not do this anymore . I can not give any more of myself . there 's none of I leave . and there 's no way I be go to be on you fuck bake sale Police Force . I be sorry , I be do . I quit . all the mom stare at she , shocked . Amy turn and walk out . gwendolyn just watch she , aghast ... ext . norchester school -- parking lot -- night Amy exit the school like a zombie and walk into the night . int . neighborhood restaurant / bar -- night Amy enter this restaurant and sit at the bar , daze . bartender what can I get y-- ? amy yes . the bartender hurry off to get she a drink ... 28 . voice from next to her hey , I know you . Amy look over to see carla dunkler sit next to she in a sexy top , drink a cocktail . carla you be that chick who always drive my kid home from school when I forget - slash - do not want to . amy Amy Mitchell . carla carla dunkler . Jesus , you look like a bag of dick . the bartender bring Amy a scotch . she downs it . bartender would you like a water --? amy leave the bottle . the bartender hesitates , then carla nod at he , leave it . he do and move off , just as : voice behind amy Amy ?! there you be ! Amy and carla turn to see kiki , the smiley , anxious stay - at - home mom , hurry over to they , just so excited ! kiki I be so so sorry to interrupt you guy , I just want to say that what you do in there be amazing ! you say everything I have ever feel about be a mom but could not say because I be a total spazz or at least that 's what my husband say he 's a doctor ! amy well , thanks . it 's kiki , right ? kiki yes ! oh my God I can not believe you know my name ! amy you want to have a drink with we ? 29 . kiki oh no , I can not ! I have to go to the grocery store then I have to go home and clean my son 's aquarium he get so mad when I forget --! amy sit down kiki . kiki ( sit ) yes okay I would love a apple juice ! amy ( pour kiki a scotch ) try this instead . dissolve to : later -- the bottle of scotch be a bit emptier the three mom be still talk and drink , looser now . amy .-- I just feel like we all work way too hard try to make we kid 's life amazing and magical and it 's like : they be kid , they life already be amazing and magical . kiki my daughter think stick be amazing ! she 's not very bright . amy and its turn into this crazy arm race between mom -- it 's like '' oh , you get a clown for you kid 's birthday party ? I will get the entire cast of frozen for mine . '' carla when I be a kid , my mom would buy a sheetcake from 7 - eleven for my birthday . that 's it . and it rock . amy yes ! you have get all jack up on cake and off -brand soda and you would run around the park with you friend and it be awesome ! we do not need frozen ! fuck frozen ! dissolve to : 30 . later -- the bottle be emptier still and the woman be pretty buzze . carla ... you know what I hate ? there be so many rule now ! kiki do not punish you kid ! amy do not say no to you kid ! carla go to you kid 's baseball game ! tell you kid you love he every single day ! do not sleep with the janitor at you kid 's school ! what be this , Russia ?! carla drink , disgust , as Amy and kiki exchange a look . amy that be not ... all ... terrible rule - kiki which janitor do you sleep with ?! carla rusty . kiki the super old one ?! amy I think he die . carla look bitch , it 's not easy out there for a single mom over the age of 40 . I gotta do all the mom shit you guy do plus I gotta look sexy do it . not that it matter , because all guy we age want to do be fuck 20 year old girl with bald pussy . that 's it . it 's like , excuse I , be you 20 year old and be you vagina completely devoid of hair ? great let 's get marry . but a old chick like I , with alimony and a big bush and a weird kid sleep upstairs ? no way , I be damage goods . ( more ) 31 . carla ( cont 'd ) so I gotta get it wherever I can : old guy , immigrant , the occasional felon . kiki ( horrify , smile ) you sleep with felon ?! carla oh yeah , felon be great in bed . they be just so psyched you be not aman , you know ? even later -- the bottle be nearly empty Amy stare off , dreamy , as kiki and carla listen , buzze ... amy you know what my biggest mom fantasy be ? have a quiet breakfast ... by myself . kiki and carla nod in agreement . carla yeah , that 's hot . kiki sometimes when I be drive and I be all alone I fantasize about get into a car crash . not like a big car crash with fire and explosion , just like a little one , and then I get to go to the hospital for two week and I sleep all day and watch tv and eat jello and it 's all cover by insurance and my family come and they be so nice to I and Kent have tear in he eye and he pretend it 's hay fever but we all know why he 's cry , we all know , and my kid bring balloon and the nurse rub cream on my foot and oh my God it 's so amazing ... kiki notice Amy and carla look at she like she 's nut . kiki ( cont ’d ) be that like ... something you guy fantasize about too ? no ? 32 . carla the only thing I fantasize about be a old man with a ten inch dick who want to buy I a car . even later -- the bottle be now empty and the girl be pretty well sloshed . kiki .».. and you know who do not deal with any of this crap ? men. amy yup . to be a great dad , all you gotta do be show up to a couple of you kid 's soccer game . that 's it . but if my daughter do not play cello and speak portuguese and volunteer at the homeless shelter she build by hand from the fuck tree farm she 's grow in we backyard , I be a bad mom . kiki seriously , in this day and age , it 's impossible to be a good mom . amy so screw it ... ( raise she glass ) let 's be bad mom . kiki oh my gosh this be so exciting ! carla if this be gonna involve a lot of drink , I be in . they splashily toast : amy to bad mom ! they drink up . kiki be plaster : kiki I love you guy forever . carla dude , we just meet -- 33 . amy we love you too , sweetie . now let 's get you home , okay ? kiki no , no , no , I still need to go to the supermarket ... kiki stand , wobbly . Amy stabilize she , look at carla : amy then let 's go to the supermarket . int . supermarket -- night it 's late and the market be full of exhaust , overworked mom . then the sliding door OPEN , 2 chainz kick in , and amy , kiki and carla enter the supermarket like a fuck hurricane -- slo mo , hair blow , beat pump , and , for some reason , carla be drive one of that electric three - wheel shopping cart . the tire mom turn to see Amy , kiki and carla enter in all they glory ... and they be totally blow away . one of the tired mom lip , in dramatic slo mo : '' who be this bitch ? '' amy , kiki and carla attack the cereal aisle they rip open box of cereal and pour they in they mouth ... then into each other 's mouth ... then they just shower each other -- and passersby -- with cereal ! then amy , kiki and carla race past a older employee restock the shelf , tired . then carla double back , french kiss the fuck out of he , and race on ! then amy , kiki and carla attack the liquor aisle wearing sunglass with the price tag still on they , Amy , kiki and carla mix mudslide by drain milk jug and add kahlua and vodka ! booze and milk splash all over the floor ! then , as Amy and kiki cheer she on , carla chug she entire jug ! 90 % of the fluid splashes onto she face and clothes , but she do not care ! when she finish , she drop-kick the empty jug across the store ! Amy and kiki jump up and down yay ! then 34 . a security guard storm around the corner and charge right at they , piss , in action movie slo- mo ! Amy and kiki turn and flee , laugh : oh shit ! but carla frown and run right at the security guard like a bull ! the security guard sees carla running right at he and he suddenly look less confident -- umm ? -- then he look scared -- who be this chick ? -- and then , slip on the wet floor , he turn and hightail it away from carla , terrify ! she chase he around the corner , scream , insane ! amy , kiki and carla run through the aisle high - five the tired mom , encourage they , keep go ! you can do it ! one mom cover she kid 's eye , do not look at the crazy woman ! all the while , 2 chainz blast , until - - amy , kiki and carla pass a adorable baby in a stroller and the deafen hip - hop abruptly stop , and the three mom stop to coo at the beautiful baby . amy oh my God : so cute . kiki adorable . carla I want to eat she face . then 2 chainz kick in again and the mom race off again ! amy , kiki and carla push overflowing grocery cart towards the exit . they be fill with junk food , beach chair , inflatable toy , etc . they descend on the self -checkout machine and start swiping they selection . carla pretend to fuck the face of the machine as the supermarket manager watch on , freeze in horror . then , as the 2 chainz song build to its epic climax , amy , kiki and carla exit the supermarket with cart full of ridiculous item . drink a Bud Light tallboy , Amy flash the tire mom the peace sign , we out , while kiki dance very whitely in she cart and carla angrily make the '' I be shoot my wad at you '' hand gesture at all the tire mom in line , who just stare , dumbstruck ... dissolve to : 35 . int . amy kitchen -- the next morning Dylan and Jane sit at the empty kitchen table the next morning , dress and concerned . Jane look at the wall clock . dylan should we just wake Mom up --? just then , amy , hungover as fuck , wear a oversize sweatshirt and giant slipper , shuffles into the kitchen ... jane oh my god ! be you okay ?! amy it 's cool . this be just how I look when I be incredibly hungover ... Amy pull a hostess ding dong out of a box and start eat it . Jane watch , worried . dylan be not you go to make we breakfast ? Amy look at she kid , chew , consider ... amy yeah , no . I be not gonna make you meal anymore ... Jane and Dylan exchange a horrify look : jane but ... what be we gonna eat ?! amy ( mouth full ) I would recommend the ding - dong , but you can have whatever you want . ( shuffle off ) we be leave in five minute ... or however long it take I to find my pants . she shuffles off . Jane and Dylan look alarmed ... ext . amy house -- later wearing big sunglass and frowzy sweat , she hair in a bun , Amy exit she house with she kid and make for she minivan . then she notice a cover car park in the garage , stop . 36 . amy you know what ? screw it . let 's take daddy 's special car today ... dylan be ... be we allow to do that ? Amy cross to the car and yank off its cover to reveal a beautifully restore red 1968 ford mustang . she smile : amy oh yeah . momma 's gonna get you to school on time for once . CUT to : the classic mustang fishtailing around a corner and roaring through the neighborhood ! Amy grin , wind in she hair , radio blasting ariana grande or some other teen pop sensation ! Jane sit shotgun , dance in she seat , while in the back , Dylan hold on for dear life , he face peel back ! dylan this ... be ... so ... awesome ! ext . norchester high school -- day a group of yoga mom chat by the curb when Amy roar up in the mustang and squeal to a diagonal stop . the yoga mom look appal but Amy do not care , smile at she child : amy have a great day , kid ! Amy kiss she child as they get out of the car ... amy ( cont 'd ) oh , and do not forget you lunch ! she throw two bag of mcdonald 's out of the car and she kid catch they , psyched . jane thanks mom ! dylan you be the best mom ever ! Dylan and Jane hurry off towards the school as gwendolyn and she crew appear , eying the bag of McDonald 's with horror . gwendolyn call over to Amy : 37 . gwendolyn we be have a pta meeting to discuss the upcoming election at 2 - - will we see you there ? amy God I hope not ! Amy grin and floors the mustang off , leave gwendolyn and she crew stand there , shocked . gwendolyn seethes , ominous : gwendolyn this bitch be play a dangerous game . vicky latrobe I like she red car ! mean stacy shut the fuck up vicky . CUT to : ext . latte cafe -- morning Amy sit at this sunny outdoor cafe , read a newspaper , happier than we have ever see she . a waiter bring she a large cup of coffee , a delicious pastry , and a side of bacon . amy oh my god this be so amazing ! ( to a mom sit nearby ) this be amazing , right ?! mom ( a bit throw ) oh . yes . I suppose it be . amy do people actually live like this ?! mom yeah ? I mean , I do . amy really ?! what 's the secret ?! mom well , I be super rich ...? amy right ! that 'il do it -- Amy 's cellphone ring . she answer it : 38 . amy ( cont 'd ) best morning ever this be Amy ! intercut with amy boss dale kipler as he angrily pace in he huge ultra-hip office . tessa and a dozen hipster sit in a circle on the floor , scared , as Dale bark into a speakerphone , furious : dale kipler Amy , where be you ? the Morning huddle start a hour ago ! amy yeah , I be not gonna go to that anymore . they be a total waste of time . several employee stymie laughter . Dale redden , embarrassed : dale kipler be you feel okay Amy ? amy never feel better Dale . I be eat a quiet breakfast and read a newspaper for the first time in 12 year , plus I just meet a very nice rich lady name -- Amy nod at the nearby mom , what 's you name ? mom j- Janet ? amy ( back to phone ) -- name Janet . and I think we might be best friend . dale kipler listen to I Amy : you need to come into the office right now ! amy actually I do not , Dale . I only work for you three day a week . if you want I to work more , you should pay I to do that instead of preying on my classically female desire to go above and beyond what 's ask of I -- dale kipler whoa , no one be preying on anyone -- amy because it would suck for the ceo of a company that market itself as pro-woman and pro-mom and whose customer base be 68 % female to get sue by a work mom for unfair labor practice . dale kipler okay ! okay ! there 's no need to talk about lawsuit ! and just for the record , I be very pro-mom ! amy great ! then act like it ! ( hang up , smile at Janet ) you gonna finish you scone ? 39 . ext . downtown norchester -- shopping district -- later Amy stroll down this quaint street line with cute shop , carry several shopping bag , whistling to herself , happy . then she dial she phone . intercut with kiki in she house , irone she husband 's dress shirt while she twins play at she foot , scream . she answer , kiki hello ? amy kiki , it 's Amy ! kiki oh hey ! how be you ?! amy I be awesome ! hey , I just see in the paper that the new Channing Tatum movie where he 's a astronaut but he never wear a shirt be play at the century 12 , and I want to know if you want to come with I . kiki wait ... you be just gonna go to a movie ?! in the middle of the day ?! stress : 40 . amy yal kiki be we , like ... allow to do that ?! amy I think we be ! call a sitter ! kiki oh no I could not ! Kent would kill I if he ever find out ! amy how would he find out ? kiki look around , she heart racing ... amy ( cont 'd ) come on , live a little ... kiki okay okay okay I be gonna do it ! amy great . I be gonna call carla . kiki fun ! I like she but I be also very scared of she ! see you soon ! smiling , Amy hang up and dial ... intercut with carla answer she phone , eat a hot dog and talk loudly : carla yo . amy hey , it 's Amy ! do you want to come to the movie with I and kiki ? carla I be already here . go wide to reveal that carla be , in fact , watch a movie at the theater . everyone glare at she for talk on she phone : moviegoer get off you phone , lady ! carla blindly flip off the entire theater and keep talk : 41. carla what do you bitch wanna see ? int . movie theater -- day Amy , kiki and carla eat popcorn and watch as , onscreen , channing tatum , wear a skin-tight astronaut 's outfit and helmet , spacewalk outside of a space shuttle towards a female astronaut . then he rip off he shirt . in outer space . the mom high - five each other , nice ... int . the bistro -- restaurant -- day the mom eat lunch and have drink at a bistro after the movie , still excited about they newfound freedom . amy this have be such a great day . thanks for come out with I . kiki be you joke ?! this have be the best day of my life ! carla yeah , my ex have my kid for the day so it work out perfect -- carla touch the latin busboy 's hand as refill they water : carla ( cont 'd ) thank you sir . you water service today have be exemplary . the busboy smile , a bit confuse , and hurry off . amy so be it hard share you son with you ex-husband ? carla fuck no . have you see my son ? he 's nine foot tall and all he talk about be baseball . you know what 's interesting about baseball ? amy what ? carla nothing . it 's a bunch of fat redneck stand around chew tobacco in they pajamas . ( more ) 42 . carla ( cont 'd ) honestly I wish my son be into collect feather -- it have be way more interesting . kiki do you go to all he game ? carla his dad do , but I just can not anymore . the last game of he I go to last six hour and the final score be 1 to 2 . in the 17th inning I nearly take my own life . I would rather go to Iraq than to another kid 's baseball game . amy and how do you think you divorce affect you son ? carla stop , look at Amy , read between the line . carla you get problem at home ? amy what ? no ! no. I just -- carla because when marry bitch ask I 900 question about my divorce it 's usually because they be think about do it themselves . Amy frown ... then open up to the girl : amy I find out that my husband have be masturbate on skype with the same woman for ten month . carla hello ! kiki what 's skype ? carla do you torch he car ? because you have to torch he car , that 's just standard operate procedure -- 43 . amy no , no , it 's actually okay . I think I would be devastate when Mike leave , but mostly I just feel relieved . and the kid do not even seem to notice he 's go . carla kid be so fuck dumb . amy the truth be ... we marriage have be over for year . I just have this vision of what a perfect family be suppose to be like , and be divorced do not really fit into that , so I do not let my marriage end even when it be clearly over , you know ? carla nod , sympathetic ... kiki wow . I feel really grateful for my marriage now -- voice behind they kiki ? the girl turn to see kiki 's husband kent , 40' , handsome , preppy . kiki immediately stand up from the table , scared . kiki oh ! hey babe ! kent what be you do here ? kiki I be just have lunch with my new friend ! this be carla and this be -- kent who 's watch the kid ? kiki rosie . kent but be not that you job ? carla whoa whoa whoa check you privilege , son --! 44 , kiki yes Kent of course it be ! sorry , I be head home now . bye guy ... kiki quickly grab she purse , throw some cash on the table and hurry off , anxious and scared ... Kent shoot Amy and carla a look , then head off after she . ext . Amy and int . the carla Nice to meet you , ike Turner ! have a good one ! amy well . that be alarming ... carla yeah . ( beat ) on the plus side she leave way too much money so it look like we be gonna get fuck up . ( to waitress ) can you send we water server over here as soon as possible thank you . CUT to : norchester school -- day pull she mustang up to the school , park in a red zone , get out , eat hostess donut hole from a box ... norchester school -- day bake sale be go on in the main lobby of the school . anxious mom stand behind decorate table sell they very elaborate home - make confection : hand - dip pastry , origami brittle , personal souffle . then amy drop her half - eaten BOX of donut on a empty table and sit , put she foot up . a kid instantly hurry over . kid oh my God I love do nut hole ! how much be they ?! amy twenty buck each . the kid look appal when -- voice behind her oh my ! what be this ?! 45 . Amy look over to see gwendolyn and she crew approach , carry dazzling ornate homemade pastries . gwendolyn stop , she smile thinly mask she horror : gwendolyn umm , be that store buy do nut hole ?! amy oh no , I make they by hand and then I put they in this box . vicky latrobe oh thank god because we do not allow store - buy --! gwendolyn seriously , vicky ?! vicky silence , chasten . amy look , gwendolyn , who care what kind of food people bring as long as it raise money for the school ? gwendolyn and she friend recoil as if slap . mean stacy oh no she do not ... vicky latrobe I think she just do ... mean stacy give it to she , G. gwendolyn inhale , she fake smile tighter than ever : gwendolyn I care what food people bring , Amy , because this school have extremely high standard , and that 's why we have the best test score in the state , the best college acceptance rate in the state , and yes , the best artisanal bake sale in the state , six year run . vicky latrobe boom ! 46 . gwendolyn and I believe -- no , I know -- that excellent school build excellent child , and that 's what we all want , be not it Amy ? amy I do not know , I sort of want happy child ? vicky latrobe oh that 's a good point actually -- gwendolyn excellent child be happy child because loser be never happy and everyone know that ! gwendolyn get right in Amy 's face , at she break point . gwendolyn ( cont ’d ) now I do not know what 's be go on with you lately , with you weird outburst and you terrible style , but it end now . I run this school , and I can make life very difficult for you and you underachieve child , do you understand ? Amy stand toe- to - toe with gwendolyn , unafraid . amy can I be honest ? I think you need to chill the fuck out . here , have a donut hole ... ( offer the box ) seriously . they be amazing . they be make in China - - gwendolyn swat the box and do nut hole go fly everywhere ! then gwendolyn get right up in Amy 's face , insane : gwendolyn you just cross the red line little girl -- and now I be gonna have to get crazy on that ass . mean stacy oh my God you be so fuck ! Amy swallow , scared , as gwendolyn spin and storm off -- smashing into a mom carry a fragile gingerbread house as she go ! the mom , and the gingerbread house , go fly ! 47 . gwendolyn out of my way , brie ! brie ( on ground , scared ) sorry gwendolyn ! CUT to : ext . norchester / int . amy 's mustang -- day still rattle by she clash with gwendolyn , Amy drive Jane through norchester after school . Jane be stress as ever : jane I be so not ready for sat bootcamp right now ! do I tell you that there 's always a line for the bathroom because everyone be in there throw up ? amy be you serious ? jane ya ! Sydney Green barf like three time a class . she 's so thin . Amy frown , troubled , as they pull up to the sat bootcamp storefront . several stressed -out teenager pace out front . amy wait ... why be we even do this ? jane umm so I can dominate the sat and get into a sick college and have a awesome life ? suddenly Amy start accelerate . Jane look confuse . jane ( cont 'd ) wh --? you be pass sat bootcamp ! why be you pass sat bootcamp ?! amy fuck sat bootcamp . jane what ?! amy we be play hooky . 48 . jane but I need to learn this stuff ! amy the only thing you need to learn how to do be relax . and I know just where to take you . ext . high -end day spa -- day Amy and Jane pull up to a lush , super - expensive day spa . a valet whisk away porsche 's and bmw . Jane 's eye be wide : jane Mom ! we can not afford this place ! amy I know . just be cool . smiling , confident , Amy get out and lob she key to the valet , act very much like she belong . jane keep she close . Amy and Jane make they way towards the spa entrance ... then , at the last second , Amy duck around the side of the build , and Jane hurry after she ! jane ( cont 'd ) where be we go --?! amy shhh ! Amy and Jane sneak along the back of the building until they reach a windowless door . Amy knock twice . a beat . then carla open the door , dress in she white spa uniform , smile : carla what up bitch ?! carla look around , then wave they inside , hurry ! int . day spa -- day carla guide Amy and Jane through the ultra-lux spa ... amy thanks again for do this ! jane yeah this be so cool ! 49 . carla no worry . you have full access to everything in the spa . have fun -- carla unlock the locker room door and they scramble inside . carla ( cont 'd ) just do not pee in the hot tub because I be gonna use it later -- carla hurry off . Amy and Jane look around at the beautifully appoint locker room , then hug each other and jump up and down , conspiratorial and excited ! jane this be so much better that sat bootcamp ! amy I know ! what do you want to do first ? int . day spa -- mud bath room -- day Amy and Jane lie in side - by-side mud bath , relax . amy oh my god this be so nice ... jane how many people do you think have shat in here ? a beat . then mother and daughter laugh together ... int . spa -- korean massage room -- day Amy and Jane lie on wood table as tough old korean women in panty and bras walk on they back , support themselves by rope run along the ceiling . wincing with every step , Jane whisper over to she mom : jane why be ... this chick ... in they underwear ? amy I do not ... know but ... it feel ... really good . 50 . int . spa -- facial room -- day Amy and Jane get facial , side - by-side . they face be cover in thick white cream . amy you look like a juggalo . jane you look like anonymous . int . day spa -- zen garden -- day Amy and Jane recline in a zen garden wear plush white robe while a monk play soothing flute music in the corner . Amy and Jane inhale deeply , completely relaxed ... jane I be really glad we do this , mom . I have not feel this chill in , like , forever . amy oh I be so glad , baby . you need a break from sat and school and soccer and the whole dad thing and -- jane wait , what whole dad thing ? amy nothing ! nothing . jane do dad have a brain tumor ?! amy what ? no ! it 's just ... you father and I be go through a bit of a rough patch right now . jane Holy shit you be get divorced ?! amy no! no. we be ... probably ... not get divorced ... right away . jane I can not believe you be tell I this life - change information in a rock garden while some weird monk play the flute ! what be the matter with you ?! 51 . amy Jane , listen . no matter what happen with you father and I , I need you to know : it 's not you fault . jane why the hell would it be my fault ?! why would you even say that ?! amy I be sorry , I be so not good at this -- jane I can not believe I be go to be from a break home ! what be we go to do at Christmas ?! amy baby , Christmas be in like 8 month - — jane wait : be I go to be a whore ?! amy what ?! jane debby tiner 's parent get divorced and now she give handjob to anyone who ask for one ! amy I do not think that have anything to do with she parent 's divorce . jane no mom , that 's what happen ! for the rest of my life I be go to struggle with intimacy , and I be go to search for approval from weird old man , and the odd of I get divorced just go up like a thousand percent ! thanks , mom ! amy baby , please -- jane I just do not want to be weird okay ?! tear start down Jane 's cheek . Amy put she arm around Jane , comforting , she heart break for she daughter ... 52 . amy sweetie , no matter what the future bring , I love you , and you dad love you , and you will be okay . I promise . jane how do you know that ? amy because I be you mom and I know you better than anyone in the world . Jane frown , comfort , sniffle back tear ... jane I just have my whole life work out so perfectly and now it 's ... not perfect anymore . amy I know . I do too . but maybe life be suppose to be messy , you know ? and maybe try to make it perfect be what mess everything up in the first place ... Jane nod , dry she eye , feel a little better ... amy ( cont 'd ) do Debbie tiner really give everyone handjob ? jane yeah . she 's really popular now . CUT to : ext . norchester school -- soccer field -- day carry a bag of soccer ball , coach patel walk off the field when gwendolyn chase he down : gwendolyn coach ! coach patel ! coach patel ( see she ) fuck. ( smile , friendly ) hey gwendolyn ! she reach he , carry two starbucks beverage . 53. gwendolyn I bring you fave -- macchiados ! coach patel oh thanks ...? gwendolyn I want to chat about the start line - up for next week 's game . in particular I want to talk about Amy Mitchell 's daughter , Jane ... coach patel okay , but you know I can not really discuss that with you -- gwendolyn do not fuck with I deepak that 's what the last coach do and now he 's coach tee-ball in Canada . coach Patel swallow hard , suddenly scared ... CUT to : int . amy 's house -- night Amy and Jane return home , happy and relaxed from the spa . jane thanks again mom . that be awesome . amy I be so glad you like it , baby . Jane cross to the stair , stop . jane so wait -- do this mean you be go to start dating dude ? amy oh. I do not know . I have not really think about it ... but then she just do . CUT to : amy ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) I want to get laid . 54 . int . spa -- hot tub room -- night carla sit in the hot tub , on she phone with Amy . she nod : carla I be on my way . int . amy bedroom -- night carla root through Amy 's closet while Amy pace in she bedroom , drink a glass of wine , nervous . amy this be so scary ! I have not even think about be with another man in like 20 year ! just then kiki bustles in , excited . kiki sorry I be late I have to tell my husband I be go to a night gynecologist ! carla ( flipping through clothes ) dude , what be you gonna wear ? amy well , I be think ... my sexy purple dress . Amy pull a very drab purple lane bryant mom dress out of she closet and hold it up to she body , hopeful ... kiki carla I love it ! no . carla you look like you be go to grimmace 's funeral . frown , Amy hang up the dress and flip through she closet . she pull out a huge wool sweater / dress . amy oh ! I like this one . kiki I too ! it look very warm ! carla ( repulse ) be it a dress ? or a sweater ? 55 . amy it 's a dretter ! they be huge like five year ago ! carla be they , though ? a little desperate , Amy pull out a black floor - length gown . carla ( cont 'd ) who be you , Jackie onassis ? Amy flip through she clothes , flustered : amy I be a mom , I do not have any sexy clothes ! carla goddammit get I a pair of scissors . CUT to : carla cutting the black gown with a pair of scissor as Amy watch , horrify ... carla all right , take off you shirt , I need to see what I be work with . Amy hesitates , then pull off she shirt to reveal she 's wear a giant tan bra . carla startles : carla ( cont 'd ) Holy shit look at you mom bra ! it have so much surface area ! kiki it look like two tan mixing bowl tape together . carla you could make three regular bras out of that one mom bra ! amy this be not a mom bra ! this be my sexy bra ! carla ( smile , then ) oh shit you be serious . ( more ) 56 . carla ( cont 'd ) kiki : go to she daughter 's room and steal she sexy bra , okay ? amy oh no , my daughter do not have a sexy bra , she 's only 16 . ( think about it ) look behind she dresser . kiki race out -- CUT to : carla blowing out amy hair to a sizeable coif ... carla wax - strip amy mustache area as kiki iron Amy 's dress ... carla struggle to zip amy into her dress as kiki slide earring into Amy 's ear ... finally amy step in front of her full - length mirror .+- and she look super fuck hot . kiki and carla appear on either side of she and nod , impressed : carla damn . kiki you look like elsa ! Amy smile at she reflection -- it 's be a long , long time since she 's feel this sexy ... amy someone call a motherfuck uber. CUT to : the three mom exiting amy 's house in sexy slow motion , dress to murder . jay-z blast as the mom strut down Amy 's suburban front walk like it be a fashion runway in Paris ... on the sidewalk , two boy on bike stop short and gape at the hot mom come down the path . still in slo - mo , Amy nod at the kid , whatup . the kid nod back , whatup to you . 57 . then Amy pass in front of she super dorky uber driver , who 's hold open the back door of he honda civic , and slide inside ... dissolve to : ext . boston -- night establish shot of downtown Boston at night ... int . hillstone bar -- boston -- night hillstone be a sexy , high - end Boston hotspot . Amy , kiki , and carla enter . Amy look nervous ... carla this be one of my favorite stomping grounds . kiki why ? carla because it 's really fuck dark . the girl take a seat at the bar . Amy glance at the menu . amy hey , check out this typo : it say the drink cost 25 dollar each ! kiki hilarious I love typo ! carla that 's how much drink cost now you fuck hick . Amy and kiki exchange a shocked look . carla scan the crowd . carla ( cont 'd ) okay let 's get to it : what kind of guy do you like ? amy I do not know ! I have only be with Mike and like three other guy ... ( spot a hot latin guy ) oo , what about a Latin guy ?! I have never be with a Latin guy before ! 58 . carla whoa whoa why do not you start with a nice pudgy jewish guy and work you way up to Latin dude , okay --? voice behind they Excuse I , be this seat take ? the girl all turn to see a handsome man in a suit smile at Amy . Amy stammer , suddenly overcome with nerve : amy yes ! no! sit. please . here . as the man sit next to Amy , she hiss over to she friend : amy ( cont 'd ) oh my god what do I do ?! carla just laugh at he joke and agree with all the stupid shit he say -- Amy turn back to the man , smile , try to be cool : amy I be Amy , by the way . man in the suit ( shaking she hand ) Braden . I like you wedding ring . carla face - palm . Amy blushes , stammer : amy oh , no -- I be not -- I just find this ring on the subway ! man in the suit and then you decide to wear it ? amy yes ! yes. because ... it make I feel like a... princess ...? man in the suit ( weird out ) yeah I think I be gonna sit somewhere else . the man hurry off . Amy groans , full of self - loathing . kiki lean over , smile , ever-positive : 59 . kiki you do great , sweetie , but maybe next time you should try it without you wedding ring on -- amy yup , it 's already off . the cute bartender approach , friendly , throw down napkin : cute bartender hey lady , where you in from ?! amy oh , we live out in norchester with we kid ! the bartender 's attention instantly cool : bartender great what can I get you . as kiki order , carla turn to Amy : carla also maybe do not mention that we have child -- amy yup . that be my bad . we start cutting quickly to Amy crash and burn with various guy around the bar : -- Amy talk to a hip music guy : amy ( cont 'd ) I love music too ! have you hear the new ariana Grande CD ?! -- Amy talk to a very young - looking guy : amy ( cont 'd ) seriously , do you mom know you be here ? -- Amy smile at a super -hipster with pink - frame glass : amy ( cont 'd ) why be you wear a costume ? -- Amy dab a stain on some guy 's shirt with a shout wipe . 60 . amy ( cont 'd ) this will just keep the stain from set ... the man quickly pretend to see a friend and hurry off ... back at the bar Amy sit down with kiki and carla , defeat and depressed . amy guy , I suck at this . carla no you do not . what about donnie wahlberg over there ? carla nod at a guy who look kind of like donnie wahlberg . kiki oh my god be that actually donnie wahlberg or be it just a guy who look kinda like donnie wahlberg ?! carla what 's the difference ? amy look , I think I just want to go home . the girl nod , sympathetic , and collect they purse ... then a group of guy walk past , and one of they recognize Amy : passing man Mrs. Mitchell ? Amy look up to see jessie harkness , the way-too- attractive English teacher at norchester who we meet in first act . amy Mr. harkness ?! instant spark between the two of they ... jessie please , call I jessie . amy and I be Amy . hi. jessie what be you guy do here ? 61 . amy oh , we be have a girl night out . jessie Nice . so Mr. Mitchell have to stay home with the kid ? amy no , um , Mr. Mitchell be no longer ... on the scene . carla she catch he jerk off on skype - amy that 's great thank you carla . jessie oh my god , I be so sorry ... ( to he friend ) you guy go ahead without I . jessie sit down next to Amy , concerned ... jessie ( cont 'd ) be you do okay ? he touch she arm . it 's electric . Amy swallow . amy I be , you know , I be suddenly do a lot better ? jessie smile , warm . Amy smile back . kiki just watch on , grin , wide - eye , weird , until carla pull she away . carla okay creepy let 's give they some space . come on . carla lead kiki off through the bar ... kiki I can not believe Amy be talk to Mr. harkness ! I name my vibrator after he --! carla can you not walk so close to I ? I be still try to get laid . kiki sure thing you get it ! 62 . back on amy and jessie they talk by candlelight , close , intimate , connect ... jessie yeah , I love teach English . book allow kid to talk about what they be really feel but be too embarrassed to say , you know ? ( off Amy 's dreamy gaze ) oh no be I the guy in the bar who will not stop talk about he job ? amy no ! no . I love how passionate you be about what you do ... jessie you work at coffee for the people , right ? amy yes ! how do you know ? jessie I do not know , I might have ask around about you a little bit ... amy what ?! no way ! you ask about I ? jessie yeah ! I have always have a thing for you , you know that ... Amy stammer , blow away ... amy actually ... I do not know that ... jessie really ? I always feel like I make it way too obvious ... a beat . then Amy lunge and kiss he -- jessie ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! he quickly pull away . Amy be mortify : amy I be so sorry ! I have not do this in a really long time ! 63. jessie no it be great , you just scared the shit out of I ! she laugh , embarrassed ... then he cradle she face gently , and kiss she properly ... nearby carla flirt with donnie wahlberg -- until kiki spastically hit she , look look look ! carla turn to see Amy kissing jessie , and smile , nice . then kiki raise she phone to take a photo of they , and carla slap she hand down . dissolve to : ext . amy house -- morning the sun rise . bird chirp . Love be in the air . int . amy bedroom -- morning Amy wake up in she bed , still glow from the night before . her phone ring with a text . she quickly grab it , read : text from jessie : '' Nice see you last night Mrs. Mitchell . '' Amy grin and texts back : '' the pleasure be all mine Mr. harkness . '' Amy hold the phone close , and smile up at the ceiling ... int . amy house -- stair -- morning Amy bound down the stair , breeze into the kitchen ... and scream ! sitting , eat cereal , read US weekly , be mike . mike what up babe . amy what --?! what be you do here ?! mike I want to get back together . I never should have leave you , that be a total dick move . amy what be you talk about ? Three day ago you tell I you have feeling for another woman . 64 . mike I know but then I meet she in person and she 's super weird . amy so that 's why you want to get back together with I ?! mike no ! that 's not the only reason ... ( think ) I also miss Jane and Dylan . mostly Dylan , but I miss Jane too . Mike search for forgiveness , but Amy be not buy it ... mike ( cont 'd ) look I just need a break . have not you ever just need a break ? amy of course I have , but I do not blow up my family to do it . mike Mark feinstein facetime with a hooker and he wife take he back . amy I do not give a fuck about Mark feinstein . mike look , here 's the deal : I love we kid and I be willing to do whatever it take to fix we marriage . amy you have even go to therapy ? mike no way therapy be dumb ! Amy start physically shooing Mike towards the door . amy great , thanks for stop by . mike come on aim , do not be a dick ! I be try to do the right thing here -- they reach the door , and Mike stop , panicked : 65 . mike ( cont 'd ) okay okay ! even though it 's a total waste of time and money ... and a little gay ... I will go to therapy . Amy look at he , highly skeptical ... amy and you really gotta get into it too . like you gotta feel stuff and cry and talk about you fuck up family and the whole thing . mike Babe I have not cry since the Sox trade nomar in ' 04 . amy ( shove he out ) great , have fun on skype -- mike okay okay I ’1l1 cry ! i’1l cry the whole fuck time ! Jesus ! maybe while we be at therapy we can also talk about how you be a little crazy sometimes -- amy Goodbye , Mike . mike so be we do therapy or what ? amy I 'il think about it . mike can I get my US weekly back because I be in the middle of a article about khloe kardashian -- Amy slam the door on he face and stare off , conflict ... CUT to : int . norchester school -- athletic department -- day Amy stroll through a hallway near the gym . female soccer player hustle to and for ... then Amy see Jane , in she uniform and cleat , sit on a bench outside coach Patel 's office , crying . Amy race over , concerned : 66 . amy oh no baby what 's wrong ? jane coach just tell I I be not start ! I be a benchwarmer ! amy what ?! but you be the best forward on the team ! jane oh my God my life be ruin I be never go to college I might as well just become a prostitute ! amy okay okay , settle down . momma 's gonna fix this , okay ? Jane nod , try to pull herself together ... jane okay but please do not make a scene . amy of course not , baby . Amy look at she daughter reassuringly , then turn and kick open coach office door ! Inside coach patel spin , see Amy and how piss she be , and blurt out , terrify : coach patel gwendolyn make I ! CUT to : gwendolyn hosting a p.t.a. tea in the library gwendolyn sit with a group of proper mom in the library , wear fancy hat and drink tea out of tea cup ... gwendolyn .+- my goal be to make this year 's pta luncheon the great luncheon this school have ever see . one of the mom laugh , assume she 's joke . gwendolyn shoot she a icy look . the Mom silence , shrink . just then amy blow in , furious : amy how dare you bench my daughter ! 67 . the proper mom startle and turn to see Amy , she eye afire . gwendolyn oh hello , Amy . how be you ? amy you have no right to do that ! gwendolyn actually I do . soccer be a pta sponsor activity , and I be the president of the pta , so ... this be clearly news to Amy ... she stammer , floundering : amy okay ... well ... you know ... ( then , get a idea ) not for long . gwendolyn oh dear , what do that mean ? amy it mean I be gonna run against you for pta president ! gwendolyn you can not be serious ... amy I be sick of you run this school like a dictator ! it suck ! gwendolyn I be really sorry , lady , Amy 's husband recently leave she and she 's go through a bit of a mental breakdown right now . Amy gasp , shocked ... the mom recoil , embarrassed for she ... Amy point at gwendolyn , she blood boil : amy I be come for you gwendolyn ! gwendolyn okey doke ! Amy storm out . gwendolyn smile , completely unworry . CUT to : 68. int . amy house -- live room -- day Amy pace in she live room , still amp up , as kiki and carla counsel she . kiki there be no way you can beat she ! gwendolyn have be pta president for the last six year ! amy I know , but she mess with my kid , and I can not let that stand . kiki right , but gwendolyn control all the voting bloc . she 's get the attachment mom , the Tiger mom , the sad mom , the drunk mom , the divorce mom , the Black mom , the lesbian mom -- she even have the divorce Black lesbian mom , and that be not a easy group to win over . Amy frown , start to realize just how impossible this be go to be ... kiki ( cont ’d ) plus if you lose gwendolyn will destroy you . she 'il put you kid in all the dumb class and give they all the crappy teacher and forget about soccer -- you kid will not even get milk ! amy but be not that exactly why we need to take she down ? she 's a bully , and she want to turn we all into perfect little Nazi mom just like she and she want all we kid to be hyper-stress over - schedule freak and I do not want that ! my daughter have a new rash every week and she 's only 16 ! we gotta fight back against this perfect mom ! carla you have I at Nazi -- let 's punch this chick right in the tit . Amy look over at kiki , hopeful ... 69 . kiki I still think it 's a really bad idea with long - term ramification for you child but okay let 's do it I be totally in ! amy okay ! let 's get start ! CUT to : amy xeroxing thousand of campaign flyer at work as she look over she shoulder for she boss come ... CUT to : ext . norchester school -- afternoon Amy , kiki , and carla enthusiastically hand out campaign flyer to mom pick up they kid for the day ... Amy staple a flyer to the school kiosk that read '' amy for pta president ! come meet the candidate tomorrow night ! '' kiki slide flyer under car windshield wiper ... carla try to hand flyer to a group of mom walk past , only they refuse they . carla chase after they , yell at they to take the damn flyer . the mom literally jog away ... gwendolyn remove one of Amy 's flyer from the windshield of she Range Rover . she read it and smirk , smug ... int . family restaurant -- that night finish with flyering , Amy , kiki and carla eat dinner in this casual family restaurant while all they kide eat at the next table over . the mom be in a great mood : kiki so how many mom do you think be gonna come to you meet the candidate night ?! carla I tell all the mom that if they do not come I would fuck they husband so hopefully we will have decent number . Amy laugh ... then notice she daughter study a textbook , stress , over at the kid 's table . Amy frown , concerned : 70 . amy Jesus that kid never stop study ... carla you be lucky . all my kid do with book be try to rip they in half . amy I be try so hard to get she to chill out and take life less seriously , and sometimes I feel like I be do a okay job , but then like two second later I feel like I be fail miserably . I just wish I know how I be do , you know ? kiki yeah , the most frustrating part of be a mom be you have no idea if you be do a good job or not until you kid be fully grow . carla yeah , and then it 's too late . they be either cool or they be meth head serial killer . amy the worst part be Jane be exactly like I -- she want everything to be perfect and of course all that do be drive you completely insane . luckily Dylan turn out like he dad and he 's lazy as shit . the mom look over at they kid ... kiki yesterday I give Bernard the wrong juice box and he call I a cunt . carla my son still watch sesame Street . kiki my daughter steal money from a homeless woman . carla I have no idea who jaxon 's dad be . 71 . amy my son fail Study Hall . the school say no one have ever do that before . kiki Clare kill we neighbor 's ferret and we all pretend it be a accident but it be not . carla I do not like my kid . kiki one time I leave Bernard at the mall on purpose . the mom frown at they kid , troubled ... amy but fuck I love they so much . kiki I too I would literally die for they right now . carla every time I think about that big dumb motherfucker go off to college I cry like a baby ... carla look at she giant son , grow emotional . amy damn you be gonna make I cry too . kiki ( pour tear ) I be already go ! look at I ! Children be such a gift ! over at the kide 's table the kid glance over and see they mom all cry together . jane what be they cry about now ? bernard who care . they be so weird . dissolve to : 72. ext . amy house -- morning another sunrise over Amy 's house ... int . amy 's kitchen -- morning Amy brews coffee while Dylan grumpily make himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast next to she . milk splashes all over . dylan cook be hard . amy I know , right ? dylan hey , so where 's my science project ? amy oh . I do not do it . dylan what ?! but it 's due today ! amy yeah , from now on you be actually gonna have to do you own homework . dylan what ?! that 's so unfair ! amy oh boy -- dylan I be a slow learner , remember ?! I need help ! amy you be not a slow learner , sweetie , you be just really entitle . do you know what entitle mean ? dylan no ! because I be a slow learner ! amy it mean mommy and daddy have be spoil you and now you think the world owe you something , but it do not . ( more ) 73 . amy ( cont 'd ) and if you do not learn how to work hard now , you be gonna grow up to be just another entitle white dude who think he 's awesome for no reason and you will start a ska band and it will be so terrible and you 'il be mean to girl and you 's 1ll grow a ironic mustache to look interesting but you will not actually be interesting and I really do not want to be responsible for put that kind of poison into the world , so just do you homework , okay ? dylan Fine . Jesus . Dylan head off with he cereal , totally eviscerate ... CUT to : int . coffee for the people -- MAIN area -- day coffee for the people be as casual as ever . Young hipster play ping pong , ride scooter , and drink coffee . a dj spin . Amy enter , smile , and stroll over to tessa 's desk ... tessa hey man , Dale be ask about you hotel project . he seem really miff . do you want to work on that this morning ? amy Nah . I think I be gonna work as hard as everyone else today ... Amy walk right past tessa to the nearest ping pong table where two hipster dude be play : amy ( cont 'd ) I get next . CUT to : amy kicking ass in ping pong ! she dominate the hipster , smash impossible shot after impossible shot ! CO - worker gather around , impressed . Amy high - fives one of they after hit a great shot ! wooo ! 74 . amy oh my God this be so fun ! why do not I play with you guy before ?! ping pong hipster # 1 I do not know . you be surprisingly good for you age . ping pong hipster # 2 hey , you wanna come to karaoke lunch with we ?! amy Nah , I be gonna eat a yogurt at my desk and work on my hotel account . the ping pong guy nod , not surprised ... amy ( cont 'd ) I be just fuck with you ! let 's go make some music ! they all laugh and exit . tessa watch Amy go , concerned ... dissolve to : ext . amy house -- that evening Amy tie balloon onto a sign mount next to she front door read '' meet the candidate night , come on in ! '' int . amy house -- evening Amy and kiki set up a very casual wine & pizza party while carla recline on the couch read a magazine . kiki where be you kid tonight ? amy stay with my very old neighbor . carla be he hot ? voice at the OPEN door knock knock ? Amy look over to see a lesbian couple stand in the open front doorway . Amy cross , welcoming they : amy hi guy , come in , come in ! 75 . the woman enter . amy ( cont 'd ) sorry no one 's here yet . lesbian mom # 1 yeah we figure , what with gwendolyn 's party and all ... amy wait , what ? lesbian mom # 2 oh , you do not know ? gwendolyn hear you be have a campaign party so she throw a compete party at she house . Amy , kiki , carla exchange a shocked look . carla that fuck whore ! lesbian mom # 1 yeah -- and she have wolfgang puck . CUT to : wolfgang puck slicing prime rib at a buffet in gwendolyn 's beautiful mansion . the buffet be stock with every food imaginable , and the house be pack with mom , eat and whisper about how delicious everything be ... then gwendolyn breeze in like the belle of the ball in some ludicrous dress , smile and greeting people as she pass . gwendolyn Wolf the crab be divine ! the program will start in five minute lady ! in the meantime please enjoy koko malumbo and the nigerian boy choir ! gwendolyn smile at a african child 's choir in the corner as they launch into a cover of '' teach you Children . '' CUT back to : int . amy house -- night Amy , carla , kiki and the lesbian mom sit on the floor of Amy 's live room , eat pizza and drink wine , depressed . 76 . amy I can not believe gwendolyn would do this ... kiki I be so sorry , sweetie ... carla I know a guy who will burn she house down if that 's a call you want I to make . Amy just frown at all the case of cheap wine in the corner . amy what be we gonna do with all this wine ...? CUT back to : int . gwendolyn 's mansion -- night the mom sit in row of chair in gwendolyn 's huge live room , listen to she give a speech into a headset mic : gwendolyn ... raise child capable of compete in the global marketplace be not just a economic issue , it 's a matter of national security . to discuss this issue further , I would like to welcome the former head of centcom , General David petraeus . impressed applause as david petraeus make he way to the front of the room . gwendolyn take a seat next to a mom ... thirsty mom so sorry to bother you , gwendolyn , but where 's you bar ? gwendolyn that 's really not what tonight be about , Cara . gwendolyn smile tartly . the mom frown . then she covertly pull out she phone and text : doe amy have booze ? CUT to : 77 . amy chugging a glass of wine and then high - fiving the lesbian Mom next to she ! the mom be sit on the floor , buzze , play that drink game where you hold you iphone to you forehead . everyone be laugh and yell and have a blast : carla drink again ! drink again ! amy why do I have to drink again ?! lesbian mom # 1 because you say the clue word ! amy what --?! I do not understand how this game work ! fuck ! laugh , Amy drink more wine as the mom keep play . then - thirsty mom hello --? the mom all turn to see the thirsty mom enter Amy 's house . the second she see the game they be play , she chuck she purse aside and charge inside , psyched : thirsty mom ( cont ’d ) oh hell yes ! CUT to : int . gwendolyn 's mansion -- night petraeus sit as gwendolyn stand , address the mom : gwendolyn thank you General petraeus . now for the next 45 minute I would like to talk to you about the advantage of year- round school ... a bore mom in the audience get a text on she phone . she open it -- and startles to see it 's a selfie of the thirsty mom drunkenly flipping they the bird while Amy , kiki , carla , and the lesbian mom don gangsta pose all around she ! it look crazy fun ! the text read : come to amy 's U bitch ! Wide -ey , the mom look around and see that all the mom in gwendolyn 's house be get the same text -- and smile . CUT to : 78 . a line of mom streaming into amy house ! Old school hip hop play and a few mom dance with each other in Amy 's live room , happy and free ! Amy circulate with bottle of wine , pour drink for everyone who want one ! a drunk mom grab Amy , look she in the eye : drunk mom this be the best pta meeting ever ! CUT back to : int . gwendolyn 's mansion -- night gwendolyn watch the last mom hurry out of she mansion ... gwendolyn you sure you can not stay ? departing mom sorry I only have my sitter till 9 ! the mom race out , leave gwendolyn 's giant house empty save for vicky and mean stacy . gwendolyn frown , disturb ... gwendolyn well . that end a lot earlier than I expect ... vicky latrobe you do not think ... they be all go to Amy 's party , do you ? mean stacy do not be fuck stupid vicky , we have wolfgang puck and David petraeus , what do she have ? a awkward silence . mean stacy ( cont ’d ) gwendolyn we should go . I will drive . int . white range rover -- night gwendolyn , mean stacy and vicky drive through norchester at night , tense , look for Amy 's street ... mean stacy I be sure she party be super-lame . Amy be so poor . they turn down Amy 's street ... and they jaw drop : 79 . vicky latrobe Holy shit . Amy 's party be go off ! minivan clog both side of the street as mom eagerly stream into Amy 's house ! bass thump as mom drink and laugh on Amy 's front porch . one mom already lie face down on Amy 's front lawn , pass out . gwendolyn , stacy , and vicky stare in disbelief ... then : vicky latrobe ( cont 'd ) that look awesome ! int . amy house -- dine room -- night a line of mom down shot then slam down they glass down on the dining room table ! carla yell at they : another ! in the live room the entire room be now pack with mom dance like woman who have not cut loose in year -- wild , reckless , alive ! TIGER mom dance with attachment mom dance with way too jewish mom dance with gay dad dance with workout mom ... in the hallway kiki and another mom show adorable picture of they kid to each other on they phone -- until carla blow past , swat they phone to the floor , and charge onward , insane ! a large mom breakdance as everyone clap and cheer she on ! she spin around and around and even try to helicopter on she head ... in amy 's bedroom a weird mom garishly paint she face with Amy 's make - up ... in the hallway carla make out with one of the lesbian mom , then turn and make out with the other lesbian mom ... in the kitchen a mom show kiki how to do whippet out of a cool whip can ... in the back yard three mom drunkenly do double- dutch while another mom stand on a dirt -bike , expertly bounce on one wheel , while nearby wolfgang puck smoke a joint with two hippy mom , laugh ... 80 . in amy live room Amy dance with the mob of woman , have a blast , until the song finally end . then carla stand on Amy 's coffee table : carla welcome to meet the candidate night ! now please welcome you candidate amy ... fucking ... mitchell ! the mom applaud as Amy climb up onto she coffee table . out of view , gwendolyn , mean stacy , and vicky quietly slip into the back of the room and listen ... amy hey guy , thanks for come out ! I do not have a speech or anything , I just want to say that I think we all do way too much stuff , and if I be elect we be gonna start do way less ! less pta meeting , less bake sale , less luncheon , less bullshit ! the mom roar they approval ! in the back , gwendolyn look genuinely surprised by the mom 's fury ... amy ( cont 'd ) we kid need a break too ! School start way too early ! and why do they have six hour of homework a night ?! we kid have no time to be kid anymore ! and do they really need to take five standardize test a week ?! we should not be teach we kid to be good test taker we should be teach they to be good people ! even more rabid applause . gwendolyn roll she eye ... amy ( cont 'd ) who give a shit if we kid do not go to Harvard ?! my boss go to Harvard and he 's a total douche ! the crowd cheer as gwendolyn look horrify ... amy ( cont 'd ) also I think we should all stop do Zumba ! there 's no science support it plus you look super embarrassing when you do it ! 81. the crowd hesitates a bit , not ... totally ... behind she ... amy ( cont 'd ) okay I could be wrong about Zumba , but I think I be right about the other stuff ! so if you be tired of be overworked and under - appreciate and if you be tired of you school make you feel like shit while slowly drive you kid insane or if you be just a mom who want to do less , then vote for I ! the crowd goe nut ! smiling , Amy step down from the coffee table as mom swarm she , hugging she , high - five she , take photo with she like she 's famous ! some be even cry : crying mom I love you so much Amy Mitchell ! insane mom can we have a playdate ?! I want a playdate with you so fuck bad ! intense mom I will do whatever you tell I to . in the back of the room gwendolyn , stacy and vicky stare in disbelief : mean stacy this basic bitch be go to win the election ... gwendolyn no she 's not -- because I be gonna hit she where it count . vicky latrobe you be go to punch she in the vagina ?! gwendolyn I literally do not even know why we hang out with you anymore . vicky latrobe because we kid play lacrosse -- but gwendolyn be go . stacy and vicky hurry out after she ... 82. int . amy house -- later that night the party be over -- and Amy 's house be decimate . bottle , cup , and trash be everywhere . Amy , kiki and carla sit on the kitchen counter , eat cookie dough from a tube , happy . amy you know the best thing about a mom party ? everyone leave at 11:00 . carla I make out with a lot of woman tonight . kiki I really like whippet --! man 's voice in hallway ( 0.s. ) hello ? Amy look at she friend , confuse . then jessie appear in the kitchen doorway , ruggedly handsome -- and a bit confuse . Amy straighten , surprised : amy oh hey ! what be you do here ? jessie umm , you kind of ... booty - texted I ? amy what ?! carla hop off the counter and grab kiki-- carla great party aim we will see ya later . carla and kiki hurry out . Amy smile , understanding ... amy I be sorry , I think carla booty - texted you with my phone . jessie thank god , because what she write be deeply disturbing . Amy laugh . then there 's a awkward pause . jessie ( cont 'd ) so should I ...like ...go ? Amy look at he ... consider ... 83. amy no . you really should not . a beat . then they start make out like crazy , drive each other around the kitchen , upsetting glass , bowl , plate ! with he free arm , jessie clear the kitchen counter and bottle and can crash to the floor ! he lift Amy up onto the counter as she pull off he shirt ! Amy stop for a second and take in he incredibly chisell physique : amy ( cont 'd ) oh fuck yeah . she pull he down on top of she out of frame ... match CUT to : int . amy 's bedroom -- later that night Amy and jessie collapse back on she bed , sweaty , exhaust , post-coital . Amy smile , extremely satisfied . amy mm , that be nice ... jessie just stare at the ceiling , wide - eye , he mind blow . jessie I do not -- I can not -- what be that thing you do at the end ? amy I do not know . I just come up with it in the moment . jessie honestly , that be by far the best I have ever have . amy really ? aww ... Amy smile , a bit proud . jessie look over at she , smitten : jessie I have never meet a woman like you before , Amy ... amy that 's because you be very young and you have not meet a lot of people yet . but thanks , you be very sweet . 84 . jessie can I go down on you again ? amy ya ! sound great ! jessie grin and eagerly scoot downward ... CUT to : ext . norchester school -- later that night it 's very late and the school be dark and empty and ominous . then gwendolyn 's Range Rover quietly pull up and gwendolyn , stacy , and vicky get out and make for the entrance ... vicky latrobe I still do not understand what we be do here ! mean stacy that 's because you be fuck stupid . gwendolyn unlock the front door and they slip inside ... int . norchester school -- girl locker room -- late night gwendolyn , stacy and vicky walk briskly through the spooky locker room , past row of locker , until gwendolyn find the one she be look for . use a master key , she unlock the locker and start riffling through someone 's gym bag ... dissolve to : int . amy 's house -- morning carry overnight bag , Amy 's kid return home -- jane hello ? then Jane and Dylan stop cold : the house be a disaster . empty wine bottle and beer can be everywhere . lamp be break . a random mom sleep on the couch . Jane look disturb : jane ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ...? then Amy shuffles down the stair , hungover , in she robe ... amy hey guy how be you night ? 85 . jane Fine , how be yours ? Amy stop , look around at she totalled house . amy it be pretty good . ( then ) oh crap what time be it ?! jane 8 o'clock ? Amy wince and race back up the stair ! Jane just frown ... int . family counselling office -- day hungover , hat life , Amy sit on a therapist 's couch with mike . they both sit as far apart as possible . across from they sit a very positive therapist , smile , sunny : therapist good morning ! I would like to start by say that every marriage be save - able , it just take two people who be willing to work at it , okay ? Amy and Mike nod , not so sure ... therapist ( cont ’d ) awesome ! let 's begin with a affirmation . Mike and Amy , I have like you to look at each other and say three thing that you like about each other ... Mike and Amy look at each other , try to think of 3 thing . mike can I go second ? therapist sure ! Amy , go ahead . amy well , I like that you give I my child . and I like that you pick up the kid after school sometimes , that 's really helpful . and I like that you come to therapy . therapist great ! Mike , you turn . 86 . mike okay , um , I like you spaghetti ? and you make a pretty good calzone . that 's two . amy do you have any that be not pasta ? mike and I like that you have never crash the car . Amy just turn to the therapist , tired . amy okay I know you have to be neutral , but do you see what I be work with here ? mike what ?! what have I do wrong ?! slightly rattle , the therapist smile bravely : therapist you know what , let 's try a different tack ! I would like to try a role reversal exercise . Amy , I want you to pretend to be Mike , and Mike I want you to pretend to be Amy , and now I want you to just talk about you day ... a beat . then Mike put on a ridiculous high - pitched voice : mike ( as amy ) hi I be Amy all I do today be rub lotion on my face and talk talk talk ! amy ( as mike ) what up I be Mike . today I make toast in the oven and stare off into space . therapist we usually do not do the voice but , okay ! how do it feel to be you partner ? 87 . mike ( as amy ) I feel great ! I have get a super - chill husband and two healthy kid and a beautiful house and a fully - load minivan and a closet pack with expensive clothes I never wear -- my life be amazing ! I really do not know why I sit around all day complain and eat cake ! therapist wow . okay Amy , would you like to --? amy yes I would . ( as Mike ) hey , I be Mike and I have no idea how good I have it ! I have get a wife who take care of everything in the world for I and all I have to do be not jack off on skype three time a day but I still do that anyway because I be a fuck idiot -- therapist okay guy this have officially go off the rail -- mike ( as amy ) actually I be the idiot ! I do not even know how to work the tv remote ! it 's like '' help I be a girl what do all this clearly - label button do ?! '' amy ( as mike ) hey Doc we have be here five minute can I splooge all over you computer now ?! therapist okay that 's just gross -- mike ( as amy ) I be too judgemental to ever love someone ! amy ( as mike ) I be too self - center to ever love someone --! 88 . therapist enough ! enough . okay , look , I know I start out say all marriage can be save ... but it be not gonna happen for you guy . Amy and Mike look surprised by the therapist 's candor ... mike you do not even think we should stick it out for the kid ? therapist in my experience , parent who stay in unhappy marriage for they kid just end up make they kid twice as unhappy . amy so what should we do ? therapist as a therapist , I be not allow to tell you what to do . but as a human be with two fuck eye in my head , I think you should get divorced as soon as possible . Amy inhale , wow ... after a moment , she look over at Mike ... amy what do you think , Mike ? a long silence , then Mike nod , I agree . Amy nod too ... ext . family counselling office -- day Amy and Mike slowly exit the therapist 's office together . they stand on the sidewalk , awkward , unsure of what to do ... amy can I give you a hug ? Mike nod and they hug . it 's actually a beautiful moment . amy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . mike I be sorry too . then beep beep , a woman sit in a park car on the curb wave at they . it 's the fuck skype woman : 89 . skype woman hey Mike ! hey Amy ! take you time ! amy tell I that be not the chick from skype . mike it be . turn out she 's not as weird as I think . maybe all of we could get brunch sometime --? but Amy be already walk away , just over it ... CUT to : int . coffee for the people -- amy 's office -- day Amy storm into she office , sunglass on , still angry ... and find dale stand there with a huge security guard ... amy oh. hey Dale . dale kipler can I have a hug ? Amy hug he , immediately suspicious ... amy what 's up with the security guard ? dale kipler I be so sorry Amy , but I have to positively transition you . amy what ... do that word ... mean ? dale kipler it mean that you use to work here , but now you be transition , in a very loving , positive way , to somewhere else that be not here . amy you be fire I ?! dale kipler yuck I hate that word ! but yes . I be totally fire you . amy why ?! 90 . dale kipler well , you sort of stop show up ...? amy yeah , because I be part time . dale kipler you only come in once this week . amy it 's only Tuesday ! dale kipler Amy . it 's Friday . Amy raise she sunglass and look at the Security Guard , really ? the Security Guard nod , yeah it 's Friday . dale kipler ( cont 'd ) in appreciation of everything you have do , I get you a gift . Dale hand she a tiny bag of coffee . Amy just look at it . amy really ? you could not spring for the 16 ounce bag ? dale kipler daryl will walk you out . good luck on you path Amy -- amy I bust my ass for six year and all I get be 8 ounce of coffee ?! the security guard guide Amy out as she resist : amy ( cont 'd ) fuck you Dale ! you have terrible clothes ! you all do ! you all dress like clowns ! as stunne hipster watch on , the guard wrestle Amy out . int . amy 's car -- day Amy drive , super -stress , hit she steering wheel ! amy fuck ! fuck ! her phone ring . she answer , irate : gl . amy ( cont 'd ) what ?! stern voice on the phone Mrs. Mitchell , this be principal burr . we need you to come in . Amy swallow , suddenly very meek : amy yes sir I will be right there . int . principal burr 's office -- day it 's a typical principal 's office with class photo and plaque on the wall . Amy and Jane sit opposite principal burr at he desk . he 's frown , exude authority ... amy you find what ? principal burr we find adderall in you daughter 's gym bag . principal burr place a SMALL ziploc of pill on the desk . amy oh my god -- jane that 's not mine ! and why be you look in my gym bag ?! principal burr we be tip off by a concerned parent . Amy stop , immediately smell a rat ... amy wait , be it gwendolyn James ? principal burr I be not at , um , liberty to say . amy that bitch ! Jesus , I know gwendolyn be evil , but this be insane ! principal burr please note that I have neither confirm nor deny the identity of the parent in question -- what ?! 92 . amy look , my daughter do not take adderall , though , admittedly , she kind of act like she do . gwendolyn do this to get back at I for -- principal burr I literally have no idea what you be talk about . what I do know be that adderall be a schedule 2 performance enhance drug and therefore Jane be ban from participate in any athletic program effective immediately . amy jane no ! you can not do that ! principal burr ( cont 'd ) I be sorry but my hand be tie . you be off the soccer team . Amy and Jane just stare at he , reeling in shock ... ext . norchester school -- day Amy and Jane blow out of the school . Jane cry , hysterical , as around they , parent and student turn and gawk ... jane this be all you fault ! amy I know sweetie , and I be so sorry -- jane there be no way I be get into a good college now ! soccer be my ticket ! by now everyone around they be listen . amy I know , honey , but I do not mean to - jane yes you do mean to ! you be tired of be a mom so you quit and you start party with you weird new friend and blow off work and -- oh yeah -- fuck my English teacher ! yup , hear about that on twitter today ! thanks mom ! 93 . Amy gasp , mortify . Jane call out to everyone on the lawn : jane ( cont 'd ) that's right ! my mom be fucking mr. harkness ! several mom shake they head disapprovingly ... one mom , however , nod , impressed , you go girl . amy Jane , I know you be mad -- jane well this be what happen , mom ! this be what happen when mom act really fuck selfish ! they kid pay the price ! it 's not so funny anymore , be it ?! Amy look overwhelm with guilt : amy baby , please -- jane I want to stay with dad tonight . even he 's a better parent than you ! Jane get into the car and slam the door . Amy just stand there , destroy ... then she notice two dozen mom freeze on the lawn , gape at she . Amy scowl , hustle into she car , and race off ... back on the lawn gwendolyn turn to a group of mom , sad and concerned : gwendolyn be that really the kind of mom we want run we school ...? the mom frown , clearly agree with she . gwendolyn can barely to contain she glee ... dissolve to : ext . amy house -- front porch -- day Amy anxiously pace on she porch . Mike stand next to she . amy if you need anything just call I , okay ? 94 . mike Babe , I will be fine . I be at the four season , they have get a indoor / outdoor pool , room service , 18 hole golf course , it 's incredible . amy I can not believe you be stay at the fuck four season -- then Jane storm out of the house , carry a enormous suitcase , still mad at she mom . Amy smile at she , desperate : amy ( cont 'd ) bye angel ! have fun with daddy ! but Jane just march off down the stair , ignore she . Amy swallow , try not to look hurt ... then dylan exit , lug a duffel bag , a XBOX 360 , and a SMALL flatscreen tv . amy ( cont 'd ) whoa , buddy , be you go too ?! dylan the house smell funny . Dylan hurry off down the stair ... mike you know they have a tv at the hotel , right ? ( to Amy ) I will see you later . Amy nod , try really hard not to cry ... int . amy 's house -- day Amy walk into she filthy house , heartbroken and alone . her home have never be this quiet before . it 's awful and eerie . int . amy house -- upstair Amy slowly walk upstairs , touch the family photo hang on the wall . there be shot of family vacation ... and Amy and Mike at they wedding ... and the kid at the beach ... then Amy pass she kid 's bedroom , and stop . both room be empty . it 's just too much , she can not hold it in anymore ... Amy slide down the wall and start quietly cry , finally let it all go ... dissolve to : 95 . ext . norchester school -- day it 's a overcast day . Drop -off be wind down . then Mike pull up in he sedan and Jane and Dylan pile out , dishevel . they make for the school , glum ... ext . norchester school -- soccer field -- day the girl soccer team practice . on the other side of the fence , jane watch on in school clothes , heartbroken , before turn away and walk off alone ... ext . norchester school -- day mean stacy and vicky hang a banner over the school entrance read pta election tonight ... principal burr ( v.o. ) welcome to the annual pta election ! int . norchester school -- auditorium -- night the auditorium be fill with 300 mom sit in they seat . gwendolyn sit on stage , beautiful and confident , next to a empty chair that be clearly mean for Amy . principal burr stand at the podium : principal burr we will start today with we candidate statement . and , as only one of we candidate have show up , we will start with Mrs. James ... polite applause as gwendolyn stand and make for the podium . CUT to : int . amy 's house -- live room -- day Amy 's house be still in shamble . Amy sit on she couch in she bathrobe , she hair all fuck up and she makeup runny from cry . she eat stale pizza out of the box on she lap and watch '' 12 year a slave '' on tv , depressed ... then kiki and carla burst through the front door and stop cold : carla why be not you ready to go ?! amy go where ? 96 . carla to the pta election ! it 's start right now ! amy oh God I be not go to that . kiki what ?! why not ?! amy well let 's see , my kid leave I , my husband leave I , I lose my job , my daughter hate I , all the mom at school hate I , and I be a complete failure as a mother . who in they right mind would vote for I ?! Amy angrily eat pizza . kiki and carla exchange a look ... carla wow . kiki yeah . someone have a case of the feeling sorry for myselfy . carla first of all , you daughter do not hate you , Amy , she think you quit on she . and every second you sit on you ass eat really old pizza and watch '' 12 year a slave , '' she 's right . Amy guiltily lower she pizza back into the box ... carla ( cont 'd ) mom do not get to quit , Amy ! quitting be for dad ! kiki preach it sisterfriend ! carla it do not matter how hard shit get for we mom , we keep come back for more -- and you wanna know why ?! kiki because we have low self -esteem ! 97 . carla no ? no. because we love we kid -- we stupid , selfish , ungrateful little kid -- so much that we will do anything for they ! kiki we lift car off of they sometimes ! amy guy , I can not win the election -- carla this be about stand up to the bitch who hurt you little girl ! it 's that simple ! be you gonna let gwendolyn get away with this shit , or be you gonna rise up like a beautiful phoenix and say , I do not care what you do to I , you fuck with my daughter and now I have to fight you ! I will fight you on the playground ! I will fight you in the cafeteria ! I will even fight you in the lady restroom if I have to -- I will have justice for my little girl because I be a fuck mom and that 's what mom 's do ! we protect we young ! Amy nod , jaw clench , she blood rise ... carla ( cont 'd ) so get off you gross couch , run a brush through you disgusting hair , and let 's body - slam this bitch ! Amy look up with the eye of the tiger : amy let 's do it . smash CUT to : a key turning in a ignition a hand jam a stick shift into gear ! a foot stomp down on a accelerator and the mustang peel rubber out of Amy 's driveway ! 98 . ext . norchester STREET -- night the bad mom fishtail around a corner and rocket down a leafy suburban street ! Amy drive , focuss , intense , while carla sit shotgun and kiki get toss around the back ... kiki I can not ... seem to locate ... my safety belt -- ext . norchester STREET / int . amy 's car -- night a man walk he fancy poodle down this quiet street . then Amy 's mustang rooooar past ! the man angrily gesture , slow down ! carla lean out she window and yell at he : carla I hate you dog ! ext . norchester STREET / int . amy 's car -- night Amy make a hard right and fly down a suburban street ! carla what be you do ?! this be not how you get to school - -! then Amy throw the wheel and start drive the wrong way down a one way STREET ! the girl scream as oncoming car honk and swerve aside to avoid crash into they ! amy I have always want to do this ! it would save so much time out of my day ! Amy dodge a truck then skid back onto a two lane street ! ext . norchester STREET / int . amy 's car -- night the girl rocket up another street when kiki 's phone ring . she read the caller id and smile , cheerful : kiki oh look Kent be call I ! Amy and carla exchange a concerned look as kiki answer : kiki ( cont ’d ) hi Kent how be you ?! 99 . intercut with kent in they house , get overrun by they kide ! one of the twins pull he hair while he yelp into the phone : kent kiki the kid be go insane ! kiki I know I deal with they every day ! they be crazy , right ?! kent I can not do this ! you have to come home ! kiki you want I to come home ...? Amy and carla turn and gesture back to kiki : no way ! kiki ( cont ’d ) b- but I be go to the pta meeting with my friend ... kent I say come home now dammit ! Amy and carla gesture furiously , fuck he ! kiki hesitates , tear ... then she sit up , strong : kiki and I say I be go to the fuck pta meeting with my fuck friend now stop be such a pussy and just make it work ! kiki hang up the phone , excited , as the girl cheer : amy that be awesome ! carla good for you dude ! kiki thank you I can not feel anything my entire body have go numb ! CUT to : int . norchester school -- auditorium -- day gwendolyn wrap up she speech in the crowded auditorium . 100 . gwendolyn .-. and it be for that reason , and the 29 other I laid out earlier , that I humbly request you vote . thank you . polite applause as gwendolyn return to she seat and principal burr return to the podium . he eye the empty chair next to gwendolyn ... principal burr thank you Mrs. James . well , it appear that only one of we candidate decide to show up , so -- wham ! the door at the back of the auditorium blast OPEN and amy , carla and kiki dramatically enter ! everyone turn and gasp ! onstage gwendolyn 's smile waver , but she stay cool ... in the front row vicky hit mean stacy , amaze : vicky latrobe oh my God look Amy come this be so exciting do you see she ?! mean stacy yes shithead everyone see she . amy , kiki and carla stride up the aisle like total badass , three - across , confident as hell ... amy sorry I be late guy . principal burr actually , you be just in time to make you candidate 's statement ... Amy hesitates slightly , whisper to she girl : amy what 's a candidate 's statement ?! kiki I think maybe it 's a speech ?! 101 . carla do you have one of that ?! amy no ! five minute ago I be on my couch watch '' 12 year a slave ! " the girl keep walk , try to stay confident ... carla well I be sure you be gonna do great . kiki yeah ! just speak from the heart ! or whatever ! carla and kiki peel off and take seat in the front row as Amy walk up the stair and cross to the podium , scared ... she look at the crowd stare silently back at she . Amy clear she throat ... feedback ring in the mic ... amy hi , um , my name be Amy Mitchell , and I be run for pta President . the auditorium be silent . gwendolyn smirk , not worried . gwendolyn keep go . you be do great . amy I know after the other day a lot of you think I be a pretty bad mom ... various mom in the audience frown , confirm this ... amy ( cont 'd ) and you know what ? you be right . in the front row , kiki whisper over to carla : kiki why do we make she do this ?! carla I do not know I think we make a huge mistake ! back onstage Amy wipe she brow , nervous , she voice quivering ... 102 . amy sometimes I be too strict with my kid , sometimes I be too nice , and sometimes I be just a crazy bitch who do not make any sense ... a couple mom in the audience chuckle knowingly ... amy ( cont 'd ) what work on my daughter almost never work on my son , and whenever I think I might actually be figure my kid out , they grow older and I be back to square one . the truth be , when it come to be a mom ... I have no fuck clue what I be do . more know laughter from the mom ... amy ( cont 'd ) but you know what ? I do not think anyone do . scatter applause . kiki and carla look around , surprised . amy ( cont 'd ) I think we be all bad mom . and you know why ? because be a mom today be fuck impossible . even more applause . Amy be start to win over the crowd ... amy ( cont 'd ) so can we all just stop pretend like we have get it all figure out and maybe stop judge each other all the time ...? the applause grow . kiki whisper to carla , excited : kiki she 's do great ! carla I know I never doubted she . onstage , Amy start gather steam , she confidence grow : amy I be run for pta president because I want we school to be a place where you do not have to be perfect . ( more ) 103 . amy ( cont 'd ) a place where you can be yourself and make mistake and where you be judge by how hard you be try not by what you bring to the fuck bake sale . bigger applause . in she seat , gwendolyn shift uncomfortably . amy ( cont 'd ) I want we school to be a place where it 's okay to be a bad mom - - just then , a mom stand up , excited : mom my kid have not have a bath in three week ! all the mom laugh and applaud . amy yes ! we all do that sometimes --! then a hippy mom stand : hippy mom I confiscate my daughter 's pot and then I smoke the shit out of it ! more laughter and applause . amy good for you ! pot be awesome --! then a TIGER mom stand up : TIGER mom I drive over my son 's violin because I could not go to another fuck recital I just could not ! the mom applaud like crazy ! more and more mom stand and confess they bad mom transgression : business mom I let my seven year old watch mad Max : fury Road ! way too jewish mom when my kid be really bad I tell they they cause the holocaust ! drunk mom I drink margarita 's for breakfast ! frumpy mom I sleep with my son 's math tutor ! stay at home mom I secretly get my tube tie because I do not want any more kid ! strange mother I think I hit someone on my way here ! 104 . annnd the applause taper off a bit ... Amy jump back in : amy okay well you get the point ! if you be a perfect mom who 's get this whole parent thing down cold , please vote for gwendolyn . but if you be a bad mom like I and you have no fuck clue what you be do and you just want you school to stop make you feel worse than you already feel about yourself , please vote for I ! the mom all jump up and give Amy a stand ovation ! Amy nod , thanks ! in the front row , kiki and carla clap wildly ! kiki she should run for President of the World ! carla ( clap , then ) you know that 's not a actual job , right ? across the aisle vicky clap too , so excited , while stacy just glare at she . mean stacy be you fuck kid I ? vicky latrobe ah blow it out you ass stacy ! vicky keep clap while stacy gasp , shocked ... back onstage gwendolyn frown , suddenly feel very nervous . burr return to the podium and the crowd quiet .. principal 105 . principal burr thank you Mrs. Mitchell , for that rouse and completely inappropriate speech . okay , let 's vote . by show of applause , who would like Amy Mitchell to be President of the pta --? the auditorium erupt with applause ! on stage , Amy laugh , humble . principal burr quiet the crowd . principal burr ( cont 'd ) okay , okay . and who would like gwendolyn James ? only mean stacy and one very weird mom stand and applaud . the sound be tiny in the giant auditorium ... onstage gwendolyn seethes , completely humiliate . at the podium , principal burr bang he gavel . principal burr very well . the new President of the pta be ... Ms. Amy Mitchell ! the entire auditorium goe nut ! kiki and carla race onto the stage and jump up and down and hug Amy ! dissolve to : ext . norchester school -- evening as the sun set , mom spill out of the school , amp up from the election . then Amy exit with kiki and carla , laugh . kiki I still can not believe you win ! amy I know ! thanks for get I off my couch and make I do this . carla of course it be all my idea . kiki no it be not --! carla not now kiki we be have a moment . 106 . amy you know , it 's funny , I give up so many thing when I become a mom , but I think the biggest thing I give up be have friend . and I have no idea how much I miss that until I meet you guy . kiki I know I do not have any friend either I be so alone ! carla yeah , you be pretty much the first bitch at this school to ever talk to I ... Amy smile at she two fellow loner , heartfelt ... amy I be so glad we find each other . carla I too . kiki I three let 's hug each other for a really long time ! kiki pull they into a group hug . Amy laugh . carla smile in spite of herself ... after a while , Amy notice , on the curb , gwendolyn crying in her range rover Amy 's smile fade , and after a moment , she excuse herself . amy just give I a second , okay ? Amy cross the lawn , reach the range rover , and gently rap on the window . gwendolyn look up , see Amy , and lower she window , scowling : gwendolyn what , do you come to gloat ? amy no . I just want to see if you be okay . gwendolyn ( wiping away tear ) yeah I be fine everything 's fine ... 107 . amy okay , well , if you want to -- gwendolyn it 's just that the pta be the one good thing leave in my life and now it 's go too . amy oh come on , you life be awesome ! you have like three boat ! gwendolyn oh God my life be so not awesome . both of my parent be die of cancer and my husband be be investigate by the FBI for embezzle 300 million dollar from Iceland -- spoiler alert , he do it -- and my secret son who nobody know about be live on the street again and I be basically the only thing hold my family together but it 's cool everything 's cool I be sure we will be fine ... gwendolyn quietly cry , a total mess ... Amy be floor : amy Jesus gwendolyn , I have no idea ... Amy take gwendoly n 's arm , really feel for she ... gwendolyn amy ( cont 'd ) you know what ? I do not know how to be pta President -- why do not you help I out next year ? look up , hope return to she tear- stain face : gwendolyn really ? amy yeah . gwendolyn oh my God I would love that ! I have so many idea ! amy all right , good . I look forward to work with you . 108 . Amy smile and turn to go ... gwendolyn hey -- I be sorry I go after you daughter . that be way over the line . amy hey , we be all bad mom , right ? gwendolyn yeah . that 's the only thing you say tonight that make any sense . Amy laugh as gwendolyn revs she car to life ... she ext . the int . Amy Amy gwendolyn ( cont ’d ) do not tell anyone I cry , okay ? amy no one would believe I anyway . gwendolyn good night , Amy . amy good night gwendolyn . drive off , leave Amy stand there , smile ... dissolve to : amy house -- morning sun rise over Amy 's house . it 's a beautiful new day ... amy bedroom -- morning sleep in she bed . then someone climb into bed with she . roll over and see it 's jane , look contrite . jane hey mom . amy hey sweetie ... jane I be sorry I get so crazy about the soccer thing . that be so uncool . amy oh it 's okay -- 109 . jane no it 's not . I have really be try to chill out about stuff , and it 's just soccer , right ? screw soccer ! use you hand like everyone else --! amy I get you back on the soccer team . Jane stop , sit up : Amy nod . jane you do ?! Jane hug she mom , so excited : jane ( cont 'd ) oh my God I love soccer soccer be my life thank you ! amy you be welcome , baby . I be always go to fight for you , you know ? you be my little girl ... Jane nod and hug she mom tight ... int . amy house -- kitchen -- moment later Amy and Jane enter the kitchen arm - in - arm , smile ... to find dylan work at the stove . Amy startles and hurry over : amy oh no what be you do ?! Dylan turn and smile , wear a apron : dylan make frittata 's ! you want one ?! Amy stare , dumbstruck , at the perfect frittata in he pan : amy you make frittata 's ?! dylan yeah ! you say you be not gonna cook for we anymore so I have to teach myself . try a bite , it 's get basil and a hint of tarragon . 110 . amy ( take a bite ) it 's so light ! dylan I know , right ?! I love cooking ! and it 's like the harder I work at it , the better I get , which just make I want to do it more ! it 's remarkable ! a beat . then Amy hug she son , emotional ... amy I have literally spend ten year of my life try to teach you that . dylan all right , let go , I have gotta go finish my homework . Amy just look at she son , baffle : amy seriously : who be you ? ext . norchester school -- morning it be once again morning drop-off at the norchester School . mom happily load up they kide with backpack , lunchbox , and science project before kissing they goodbye . then amy pull up in her mustang and get out with she kid . she hug they goodbye , warm . amy have a great day , guy . I love you both so much . jane and dylan Love you too Mom . Amy watch she kid walk off together , wishing that time would slow down ... then jessie approach , grin . jessie hey ! amy oh hey . 111. jessie look , I can not get you out of my mind . I need to see you again as soon as possible . amy well , Mike have the kid next weekend . why do not we go ona proper date ? jessie I would rather go on a improper date . amy ( laugh ) Goodbye Mr. harkness . jessie Goodbye Mrs. Mitchell . he smile and walk off . Amy admire the view , proud ... amy momma 's still get it ... nearby carla get out of her car with her huge son frown , she hand he a tupperware lunch : carla okay , for lunch I make you a hummus wrap with kale , okay ? ( she kid just look at she ) I know it 's gross but it 's really good for you . i’1ll see you at you baseball game tomorrow night , okay ? carla 's son ( touch , surprised ) you be really gonna come ? carla yes . I be . for all nine inning . because I love you that much . the ginormous kid smile and walk off . carla watch he go . carla ( cont 'd ) I still can not believe I push that thing out of my vagina . a moment later amy and kiki stroll up . 112. amy Morning ! carla hey ! kiki so : what be we do today ?! amy I do not know . I be think maybe brunch ? kiki or maybe a matinee ?! carla what if we do something that do not suck ? just then a white range rover squeal up to the curb , music bumping . gwendolyn yell out the passenger side window : gwendolyn get in , bitch ! I have get my husband 's plane for the day ! the girl look at each other , and smile : carla I think I be gonna like we new addition . the girl pile into the range rover and the four bad mom race off together in search of they next adventure as we smash to black . roll credit as the name of we wildly talented cast and crew scroll by , we play interview with the actual mom of our cast recount they favorite memory of be bad parent . because everyone have a bad mom story . even you mom .