one saliva bubble screenplay one saliva bubble - the screenplay typed by Mike Dunn about the format : I have try to retain as close as possible the format of the original script , but it 's not a exact copy . all the text be the same , but the space might be a bit different here and there . also , I have remove the page number . this script be provide for archival purpose and for you information . if you absolutely must have a exact copy of the original script , I suggest you buy a copy of the original script from someone . also , the original of this script contain many different font size which I have try to keep here . but be forewarn : if you save this as a text file you might get some html character as well . also , there be two drawing that be in the script that be here , but obviously would not be save in a text file . one saliva bubble David Lynch Mark frost first draft 5/20/87 o N E S a L I V a B U B B L E fade in : int . high - tech tracking station - night a top -secret , experimental , offensive / defensive military installation hide away in the countryside outside Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . close on a beautiful , intricate , state of the art computer panel as it be lift out of a large console . a huge , dimly light display board , sport a galaxy of small run light , loom above . the panel 's removal create a large , vulnerable open , inside of which be a massive confluence of electronics . as a small group of refine , well - groom scientist studiously examine the remove panel , they intense concentration be periodically disrupt by the hysterical guffaw of a nearby group of three uniform security guard , who appear to be refugee from the neolithic period . the Guards , totally oblivious to the scientist , be regaling each other with pitiful and infantile joke . guard # 1 ... so she say to he , " poo - poo on you pee-pee " . the Guards explode like a pack of howling hyenas . the scientist glance over at they with a look that seem to say , " how be it possible for we to be share the same planet ? " guard # 2 do you just cut a big one or be suzie back in town ? Guard # 3 , the biggest neanderthal of the bunch , stop laugh long enough to contribute a rude , tounge - flap raspberry , during the course of which ... CUT to : close on flapping tongue unbeknownst to he , Guard # 3 jettison a perfect saliva bubble out into the air and we follow it through space , across the room , past the unknow , refine , well - groom scientist and down into the microscopic copper wire , create a tiny , seemingly insignificant electrical short circuit , which will soon prove to have monumental consequence . CUT to : closeup computer control panel unnotice by anyone in the room , a small , yellow light emit diode blink on , then blink off . CUT to : ext . earthas statosphere - night a simple , streamline satellite , which resemble nothing so much as a large red onion surround by a hula-hoop , suddenly stop , then spin on its axis . as we move in close on the satellite we hear a loud metallic click , and a small panel slide open revealing a digital clock with a readout of : 24:00 . another click and the clock begin to count down . CUT to : extreme close up on the bubble rhythmically pulsate between the two copper wire . bubble music begin and we roll credit . CUT to : ext . newtonville , kansas - morning a billboard beside the highway on the outskirt of town read : welcome to newtonville lighting capital of the world ... we're zappy to see you !!! pop. 43,108 behind the billboard , two lightning bolt crack the dry desert sky , follow by a peal of distant thunder , under which fade in the melodic strain of a happy country waltz . CUT to : ext . newtonville roller rink - morning a gigantic , old red barn , its roof adorn by a huge , cement roller skate , whose weatherworn wheel revolve lazily in the warm morning sun . neon spark spray out from under the wheel . a sign under the skate read : get a charge on our lightning fast speedway ! CUT to : int . newtonville roller rink - morning big tom and woody , the rink 's proprietor , sit on a small balcony overlook the rink , directly above the concession stand , manned by randy , a pear-shape menial . Randy pour two coffee , under the critical supervision of Woody , a man particularly obsessive about the preparation of he java . woody one lump you idiot . randy how many lump ? woody one !!!!!!!!!!!!! big tom ( lean down , kindly ) Randy , defrost the " beefy cheese Louise " . randy yes , sir . Randy move to a refrigerator , plaster with a garish sign that read : " hot and juicy beffy cheese louise " he open it , revealing neatly arrange row of bright yellow , cheese - cover hamburger patty . Big Tom and Woody sit back , sip they coffee , gaze out at the lone couple skate around the rink . big tom not bad business for a Wednesday . Woody look nervously at he watch , hardly reassure . CUT to : ext . roller rink - morning moving off the huge skate , we travel down the road and can not help but notice the large , rotate , neon lightning rod on top of a electric pink , pearlescent stucco building . the sign below the rod read : nnie' lightning rod coming soon sammy " the stomp " johnson ominous jazz music fade up and out as we pass vinnie 's . across the street , on the marquee of the rialto theatre we see the word : one week only the fabulous chinese acrobat from the far province dissolve to : ext . used car lot - morning the sign above read : lucky buck' used car and truck : 14u don't pass the buck a young couple examine a use rambler , park outside the sale office . CUT to : int lucky buck' sale office - morning wally newton , a forty year old milquetoast salesman , wilt under the stern finger of he boss , militaristic , ramrod-stiff lucky buck . lucky buck before you fall out for chow , you yellow - belly , jelly - spine , you march directly out there , soldier , engage the enemy , and don 't let they look under the hood . wally ( quivering ) but , but the engine -- lucky buck mister , the only but I want to hear from you be , " my butt 's out there sell that vehicle " . move out ! wally yes sir , lucky Buck . wally head directly out the door . the door close . lucky Buck watch he go . intercut : lucky buck' Pov wally move to the couple , engage they in a conversation we do not hear . the husband point to the hood . wally nervously glance back at lucky Buck , who stare at he . wally pull he neck in and open the hood . lucky Buck shake he head in dismay , mutter ... lucky buck mister , you be one sorry piece of poop . CUT to : int . rambler hood empty . no engine . CUT to : ext . company " B " - day a large , impose , 30 's style , concrete office building , top by a gigantic , blue : " B " CUT to : int . company " B " - day the lobby reception area ; blue carpet , blue wall . two employees pass by the receptionist , all wear standard company issue yellow uniform that sport a big blue " B " on the lapel . look through the glass front door we see horton thursby , a man who from a distance you might mistake for wally Newton , until you get close enough to feel he radioactively terrifying aura of twisted , homicidal power . his eye be like black , malignant bumblebe . his sport coat be a hundred decibel . the door fly open as if to flee from he and he enter without break he juggernaut stride . the receptionist , who on the face of it appear she could give he a run for he money , look up as he reach the desk . horton Horton thursby . receptionist I be sorry , there 's no one here by that name . horton ( extremely ominous ) what do you say ? receptionist I s-s-said , no one here , that name . horton because that 's my name , tubby . receptionist ( nail to she chair ) w- who shall I say be call ? horton ( lean in very close ) Horton thuraby . panicked , she rifle through she appointment book and slam she finger down when she find ... receptionist uh-huh , I s-s- see you name right here . horton I have a pointment with Mr. bigg , bean brain . receptionist indeed you do , of course you do , you certainly do , he 's expect you , he 's set aside the time to -- horton ( a finger in she face ) that 's enough . receptionist ( nod vigorously , can not look at he , point ) ma- Mr. thuraby , if you would like to take the ex-exec-executive Elevator -- Horton 's already make a beeline for the elevator ; its door zip open and shut behind he as he enter . CUT to : int . executive elevator Horton stand underneath a speaker , piping out insipid muzak . his icy stare travel up to the speaker . it sputter , gasp and go silent . his gaze move back down . CUT to : ext airport , zurich , switzerland - day deep , deep snow and more fall . the matterhorn be visible in the distance . a sign read : zurich INTERNATIONAL airport always on time lederhosen clad porter on skis carry in the curbside luggage of passenger arrive in a variety of sleds and toboggan . a small herd of bell - clad cow part as a horse - draw sleigh pull up and out hop a sprightly , middle - age , bright - eye , frizzy - haire genius , professor hugo zinzermacher . he walk up to the driver and hand he a note . hugo International Airport , please . the Driver look at he , look at the note . the note read : " please take the professor to zurich INTERNATIONAL airport " the Driver turn back to the Professor . driver you be here . hugo that may be , however I have a plane to catch . driver please . this be the airport . the Professor look around , look back at the Driver . hugo thank you so much . he take off he coat , hand it to the Driver and get back into the sleigh . the Driver exhales heavily . CUT to : int . zurich airport terminal - day Doors open , the Driver hustle the Professor in through the door , carry he bag and coat . two young clean - cut man , bert fine and mel gleason , both in bright blue uniform with a big yellow " a " on the label , spot the Professor , rush across the terminal to he . bert Professor Zinzermacher ? hugo ( cheerfully ) no , I be Professor Zinzermacher . bert and mel look at each other . the Driver shake he head , hand the bag and coat to bert and mel and walk away . hugo ( cont 'd ) I be Professor Hugo Zinzermacher . Hugo you way und I will go mine . he extend a hand . they each shake it . under the follow wail the low , sonorous boom of a Alpine horn . bert bert Fine . mel mel gleason . it 's a honor to meet you , sir . hugo you boy seem a bit confuse at first . bert it 's a long flight from Kansas , we be a little jet lag . CUT to : bert , mel and the professor mel look at he watch . mel that 's we . have you ticket , Professor ? hugo well , I do not mind if I do . what kind ? mel and bert look at each other again . bert would you mind go through you pocket , Professor -- mel and see if you be in possession of a airline ticket to Kansas . hugo ( with a faraway look ) what if we relate the vector on a parallelogram , equidistant to but not exceed the bifurcation of the remain cardinal coordinate ? bert mel , go through he coat -- mel ( search he ) you can bet that plane 's go to leave on time . bert there be something in the report about he sock ... they both kneel down and each pull up a pant leg , revealing droopy sock of vastly different color . one sock yield a toothbrush and the other a crumpled airline ticket which mel immediately grab . mel let 's move . they each grab one of Hugo 's arm and start run he towards the gate . CUT to : meanwhile , back in newtonville , Kansas ... int . company " B " boardroom - day thwack ! a telescoping pointer in the hand of company " B " 's ceo , mr . bigg , smack into a lifesize photograph of Professor Zinzermacher on the wall of the company " B " boardroom . in the photograph , the Professor 's shoelace be wildly askew . his rumple , tweed suit be encrust with food . his frizzle hair look like a bird 's nest . a small retinue of yellow - clad functiomaries sit at the conference table , give Horton , at the far end , a wide berth . mr. bigg he can not even tie he own shoe , yet he 's one of the great mind of western civilization , and who 's get he ? company " a " !! accord to Mr. posthole , we worthy mole who 's penetrate the innermost sanctum of company " a " -- camera drift over and find mr . posthole , the company " B " spy , a shifty blonde guy in brick - thick black hornrim . mr. bigg ( cont 'd ) -- they have purchase Professor Zinzermacher 's brainpower for they covert Center for Advanced nucleacly abritrary permutation experimentation , also know as c.a.n.a.p.e . yes , they have get the Professor . but , lady and gentleman , not for long , because we have get Mr. Horton thursby . everyone smile and all eye turn to Horton . he do not flinch . mr. bigg ( cont 'd ) thursby , this ... be you target . close on Horton , as he squint at Hugo 's picture . CUT to : horton' Pov Hugo 's picture come into focus and cross-hair appear between he eye , as if look through the telescopic sight of a elephant gun . CUT to : horton as he light a cigarette , inhale a big drag . his eye flit back to Mr. bigg . horton it 's you money . the functionary nearest to Horton subtly move the tabletop " thank you for not smoking " plaque out of Horton 's sightline . CUT to : int . airplane - night mel and bert be asleep under blanket , both smile blissfully , but they sleep become more troubled and they be eventually wake by a atrociously loud cellophane rustling SOUND . the Professor be try desperately to open a small airline bag of peanut . CUT to : ext . vally newtone house - day wally drive he 1950 two -tone , four-door pontiac firechief into the driveway of he modest house . he stop the car , cut the engine and cautiously peer out the window . silence . he carefully open the car door , try to minimize all sound , get out and tip -toe towards the front door . out of nowhere , fly a tiny , yapping pekinese dog , sport a yellow ribbon in its hair and bare its hideous little tooth . wally break into a sprint and be about to reach the door when the dog overtake he and clamp its jaw onto one of he ankle . wally wildly flail he leg around , try to dislodge the beast , finally succeed and send it soar into the air over a hedge . wally bolt into the house , slamm the door behind he , just as the dog jet back on the attack , make a hair net out of the screen door . CUT to : int . wally newton be house - day wally catch he breath , turn . a savage cry be hear and he son , gordie , roll out from behind a overstuff chair and empty a toy machine gun at he father 's chest and head . wally just stand there . polly' voice where have you be ? do you realize what time it be ? ( appear around a corner ) I will tell you what time it be , gordie , what time be it ? gordie activate he talk military digital . watch voice sixteen hundred hour . time to bivouac . polly sometimes I think you be stupider than you cousin newt , do not you realize what we be suppose to do tonight ? gordie newt 's a idiot . polly we be suppose to look at we video before dinner so we could practice during dinner . I suppose you forget the wine , too . wally I have a -- polly be you go to give I a excuse ? you be go to give I a excuse , be not you ? wally ? do I look like the type of person who would be interested in a excuse ? demoralize , wally slouches towards he overstuff chair , reach under he leave arm to scratch . polly ( cont 'd ) do not you touch that rash ! you will keep I up all night with you scratch ! ( wally slump in the chair ) if I be really interested in hearing some pitiful story do not you think I would ask to hear it ? do I look like the type of person who life in a fantasy world ? look at I , wally . wally , look at I when I be talk to you , what do you see ? hmm ? ( wally shake he head ) do you see a poor , tired housewife , hold we life together by sheer force of will , who receive today a phone call ? a phone call from you rich relative up at the manor who do not otherwise even know I be alive , who ask I to ask you to please pick up you idiot cousin newt tomorrow at the airport ? do you have any idea how humiliate that be ? she stand and scream towards the ceiling , repeatedly . wally cover he eye and face with he hand . when he uncover they , gordie be right in front of he , assume the classic police stance . he fire six quick round from he toy pistol , empty the magazine point blank at wally 's head . CUT to : a tv monitor close on the grainy image of a sophisticated couple seat at a candlelit table . syrupy music and a dry , industrial film narrator over ... narrator's voice sniff the cork along with we now and let its heady bouquet transport you into the wonderful World of wine tasting ! part two. ( big music cue ) wally and polly sit face the television , each hold a large glass of red wine , stare attentively at the screen . wally wear a apron that say : don't bother I i'm cooking narrator's voice ( cont 'd ) you have make you selection , and by the sommelier 's sly little smile you know he approve . the wine 's be decant , it 's have a chance to b-r-e- a- t-h-e . it sit , poise in you glass , a ruby nectar beckone you lip . ( hushed tone ) now , band forward ... a little further ... a little further , that 's right ... wally and polly follow the action of the couple on the screen . narrator's voice ( cont 'd ) extend the neck ... imagine you lip form the perfect letter " of " ... lower the " of " to the rim ... now , remember the babbling brook ... the couple on screen loudly suck up AIR and wine , make a weird flute whistling sound . wally and polly mimic it . narrator's voice ( cont 'd ) ... and again ... both couple repeat the action . CUT to : ext . soothing breeze sanitarium - day close on a sign that read : soothing breeze sanitarium a fierce wind be howling , violently wave a tree limb in front of the sign . CUT to : int . soothing breeze office - day dr . angela rutherford , in a sharp , tailore tweed suit , be consulting with the sanitarium 's administrator , dr . ethan flord . as they speak , he watch the fish in a small aquarium on he desk . Angela hold a thermos of coffee . angela so all I really need be you signature here , Dr. flord , and we can release newt Newton for he annual visit home . she put a form in front of he on the desk . dr . flord you know , he 's not even leave we yet and it 's as if I miss newt already . when I be with he , of course I be always with he in spirit , as I be with all we patient , even now , against all evidence to the contrary , I sense some small spark of mental activity behind that bulg eye . perhaps this be a projection on my part . a projection fill with a physician 's unquenchable hopefulness . angela uh-huh . dr . flord have it be a year already ? it seem it be only last week when he be fly off to the bosom of he family , when in fact three hundred and sixty five day , give or take a few -- this be not a leap year be it ? no , of course not . ah , remembrance -- remembrance . Fighting off the wave of crippling boredom and mental exhaustion induce by the Doctor 's monotone , Angela quickly pour a large cup of coffee , stifling a yawn . angela I only need you signature -- dr . flord be it March of last year when my aunt be fitte for she prosthesis ? I suppose it be . what a difference it make , how it change she ! in way one could not possibly imagine . first , the new carpete . inexplicable perhaps , at first glance . but on closer scrutiny , however , a underpin of rationality seem to emerge . Angela take a big gulp of coffee , grab a arm of a chair and lower herself into it , struggle to keep she eye open . the fish in the aquarium begin to slow perceptibly . angela only you signature . please , Doctor . dr . flord ( look at he hand ) as if creation , splinter into a hundred million reality , be actually nothing less than the complicated interweavings ... ( lock he finger together ) ... of one , grand design . well -hidden , mind you , but upon deeper examination , open the door ... ( he open he hand and wiggle he finger ) ... and there 's all the people . ( a small , vanilla chuckle ) and of course that 's when I realize aunt hildy have friend and have purchase a pet . which bring I back to newt . be not it odd how every Newton since newt 's grandad have be strike by lightning ? newt 's grandad be strike by lightning . he 's a complete idiot . newt 's father be strike by lightning . he 's no longer with we . and of course newt be strike by lightning and by golly , he 's a complete idiot . and all of they be name Newton . Newton Newton . Newton Newton . Newton Newton ... we hear the SOUND of liquid pour slowly onto the carpet . we see Angela 's relaxed hand tipping she coffee cup towards the floor . we see Angela be sound asleep . a fish in the aquarium slowly roll and go belly up . dr . flord ( cont 'd ) that eye . that bulg , happy puppy eye . CUT to : newt newtone eye bulg . happy , gleam puppy eye . we periodically and rhythmically hear the SOUND of break egg . with each crack he eye widen . CUT to : int . soothing breeze corridor - day Angela be lean over a drink fountain , splash cold water onto she face , try to shake off Dr. flord 's torpor . she move on and stop to speak to a patient stand in the hall , dress as and in fact bear a uncanny resemblance to napoleon . angela have you see newt ? patient helping out in ze kitchen . assemble all ze man ; tomorrow we march on Moscow . angela thank you , you highness and good luck tomorrow . patient we will need it ; zose beast haf no soul . I hope ze weather hold . I see Bing crosby in a dream . she move on towards the kitchen . CUT to : int . soothing breeze kitchen - day we see a cook pick up a egg , crack the egg on top of newt 's head and empty it into a huge bowl . we move around and down the customize chair newt be strapped into , to he right knee ; as we hear another egg crack , newt 's knee jerk up and hit a pedal device that flip a pancake on a long , conveyor - belt griddle . we follow the pancake on the beltway to he end of the line where another cook spatulas the pancake onto the plate of seven ravenous but polite patient , all dress as Jesus , pass the maple syrup back and forth . the jesus ( variously ) thank you , brother -- you be too kind -- do not mention it -- Angela enter and move to the first cook . angela unstrap newt , I have get he sock in the car -- ( to newt ) time to go home , newt . newt can I pee ? angela yes , in just a moment , newt . newt ( a happy eye-roll ) rock ' em-sock ' they . CUT to : int . soothing breeze sanitarium - day a door open , newt sprint down the hallway and into a door , mark with the symbol : Angela cool she heel outside the door . CUT to : ext . soothing breeze sanitarium - day Angela and a orderly walk newt to a wait van . the orderly be steering the meander , easily distract newt by a handle attach to the back of he jacket . just above the handle be the embroider word : gimme five Angela hand the orderly a plane ticket . angela be sure to walk he onto the plane yourself , fasten he seatbelt , remember to tell the stewardess no liquid for newt and do not let they check he sock , it 's carry on . his cousin wally will be there to meet he in newtonville . ( turn to newt ) newt , the whole staff will miss you and I will miss you , too . newt two. Zero. one. two -- she grab newt by the shoulder . angela have a wonderful time at home , newt . Angela give newt a big kiss ; he smile enigmatically and try to deck she with a roundhouse right , which she expertly duck , and he complete he compulsive reaction to she kiss with a sly wolf whistle . the orderly tighten he grip on newt 's handle . Angela attaches a large , adhesive badge to newt 's jacket that read : hi my name be newt be you my cousin wally ? CUT to : ext . outer space the satellite click and we see that the digital countdown readout be t-minus 12:00 and count . CUT to : ext . loading dock - night we see the back of a large semi pack solid with large brick of a yellow substance , wrap in waxy paper . a foreman with a clipboard walk back and forth as the two driver finish tidy the cargo . foreman boy , you have pack you load / and it 's time to hit the road / let the slowpoke eat you dust / it 's newtonville or bust / let the highway be you heyday / and I will see you here on payday . the driver , who hate this rhyme business , close and lock the door . a picture of a large wheel of bright yellow cheese be paint on the door , along with the word : cheese be made from milk the driver move to and enter the cab , as the Foreman work himself into a rhyme frenzy . foreman ( cont 'd ) please , boy , please / be careful with that cheese / for the beefy cheese Louise / if anything should happen / you will put I in a squeeze / you will bring I to my knee / I could lose all my fee / be you sure you have get you key ? ( the truck start ) watch out for all that tree ! hi-ho , hi-ho / I hate to see you go / we will see you back here soon / remember : newtonville by noon ! the truck thunder off into the night , obscure the last wretch rhyme of the Post Foreman . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY limit - night a police car be park behind the sign : welcome to newtonville lightning capital of the world ... we're zappy to see you !!! pop. 43,108 we see a bright flash of lightning in the distance . CUT to : int . police car - night dougy " sherlock " watson , a heavyset , easy - go highway patrolman , sit behind the wheel , look up at the sky . dougy " sherlock " watson four hundred and one ... ( pause -- then , more lightning ) four hundred and two ... CUT to : int . wally newtone live room - night wally sit catatonically in he overstuff chair , with he shirt off , he leave arm raise in a uncomfortable position . a big red rash under he leave arm be cover with pink lotion . the room be strewn with gordie 's toy weapon . gordie himself be violently stomping up and down on a newspaper - stuff dummy / enemy soldier , scream as he gut the dummy and plunge the toy knife into its brainpan . gucci - gucci , the dread pekingese , be busy rending one of wally 's argyle sock . CUT to : int . airplane - night close on peanut in the aisle , as we hear a plastic crunching SOUND . while everyone else sleep , the Professor futilely struggle to pry open he salad dress container with a plastic fork . CUT to : int . horton thursby's room - night Horton sit in he ' 40 's noir hotel room , in a sleeveless t-shirt , boxer short and garter sock , clean he massive , chrome - plate .357 Magnum pistol , stare hole in a picture of Professor Zinzermacher on the table in front of he . his moll , lorraine , a irresistible , shapely blonde bombshell , loll on the bed , blow kiss to the ceiling and watch they float . CUT to : int . newtonville roller rink - night Randy slowly clean the concession area . Woody sit at a table near the rink , play a beautiful , forlorn county waltz on a steel guitar . Big Tom be slowly and gracefully skate around the rink in time to the music . CUT to : ext . newtonville roller rink - night the light around the big skate on top of the rink turn off . the distant waltz merge with the cricket . slow fade out : fade in : ext . newtonville airport - day a huge lightning rod in the shape of a key sit atop the modest terminal . a sign on the building read : newtonville's " BEN franklin " airport the key to all you TRAVEL need BEN say , " charge it !! " a black stretch limo with a big " a " on the side pull up in front of the terminal . the stocky cockney chauffeur , bob mcnabb , get out , and open the door for he petite and proper wife , alice , who get out of the passenger side . both be dress in yellow uniform that sport a big blue " a " . bob mcnabb watch you loaf , love . alice ( middle -class English ) wait here , Bobby duck . back in a tick with bert , mel and the Professor . bob mcnabb standin ' by , ready to stab it and steer . go on , plant one on I boat . come on then . she shyly give he a kiss on the cheek . he give she a affectionate hug and tickle , which make she giggle . she start towards the terminal . Bob admire she small , shapely figure . bob mcnabb ( cont 'd ) what a butcher 's ; make I want to fall to I chip an . CUT to : ext . parking log - day wally Newton pull into a slot , park and start digging through the mass of gordie 's toy , pile high from the front seat to the back . he retrieve a piece of paper with some flight info on it , stick to a huge wad of gum . the array of weaponry and gordie-and - polly - generate filth in the car be staggering . CUT to : int . BEN franklin terminal - day Alice move through the terminal , past a small newsstand . we pick up and stay with Horton thursby , lurking near the magazine rack . he set down the copy of " detective in love magazine " he be pretend to read and follow Alice toward the arrival gate . CUT to : a heinz 57 company banner near a arrival gate . the banner read : welcome to our 35 new employees from lubbock , TEXAS 35 new reason why 57 be number 1 we move off the banner to see Horton walk away , still follow Alice towards the gate . we pick up and stay with wally , as he enter through a side door , look for a trash can . he carry a large conglomeration of hundred of pink gum wad and other sticky car refuse . we stay with wally until he cross path with a group of thirty - five robust texans , all in goofy , double - knit leisure suit , carry briefcase . wait to greet the texans under the heinz banner , beside a big black cauldron be three large chef in white outfit and large chef 's hat , bear the distinctive , ketchup - red " 57 " logo . as the texans approach , a tap dancer dress as a bottle of heinz 57 sauce rise out of the cauldron and begin enthusastically tap dance to tape musical accompaniment . the chef shake the hand of the happy texans and hand each of they a large bottle of steak sauce . CUT to : wally still look for a trash can . near another gate , he pass another welcoming committee , under another banner that read : mayor billy benson be zappy to welcome the renowned chinese acrobatic team from the far province it's very rice to see you mayor billy benson and he wife , dotty , stand behind two baton - twirling blond and a trick dog jump back and forth through a hoop . a sousa march blare as the chinese acrobat come off the plane , all wear identical chinese red sweatsuit with Nehru collar . a great deal of bow and smile and unintelligible greeting ensue . CUT to : ext . outer space the countdown on the satellite continue : it now read : 00:10 . it change to : 00:09 . CUT to : int arrival gate - day wally 's at a trash can , try to dislodge the sticky gum wad from he hand , when he look out a window and spot newt in a crowd of people exite a plane down a portable stairway . instead of crossing the tarmac to the terminal with the other passenger , newt stop at the bottom of the stair and be quickly leave alone . a concerned stewardess move towards newt . he smile and back up . the stewardess stop , newt stop . wally watch . within moment half a dozen assort airport personnell be give chase to newt , who gleefully dart in and out around the plane 's landing gear . CUT to : horton ( near another gate ) position behind a column , watch mel , bert and the Professor deplane off the jetway , where they be greet by Alice . mel and bert be rhythmically bob they head and knee , because they have to urinate with such urgency they back tooth be float . CUT to : mel , bert , the professor and alice as the Professor shake Alice 's hand . hugo I be Professor Hugo Zinzermacher . Hugo you way und I will go mine . Alice stare at he . mel lean over to bert and whisper . mel I gotta pee so bad I can taste it . bert I too , mel . my bladder 's stretch out like a water balloon . alice do you check you bag , Professor ? hugo unfortunately no ; they take it from I at the other airport . Alice stare at he again , nod slowly and turn towards the baggage claim area . CUT to : horton as Alice , mel , bert and the porfessor pass by , Horton cautiously follow they . CUT to : ext . outer space the satellite countdown move from : 00:04 to 00:03 . CUT to : int . arrival gate - day two burly security guard carry a rigid , smile newt up a jetway into the terminal to the wait wally . newt see wally , point at he and break into a wild , moonbeam smile . the Guards carry he to wally . guard # 1 be you he cousin wally ? wally yes , sir , I be . where 's he sock ? the other Guard hold up a bulg grey sock with a red stripe . the Guards set newt down . he and wally immediately start to circle each other , quickly accelerate into faster and faster revolution . they stop at the same time and break into huge , identical grin . CUT to : int . newsstand - day sammy " the stomp " johnson , a middle - age black musician be buy a big cigar from the cashier behind the counter . he carry a well - travel guitar case , stencile with the word : sammy " the stomp " johnson as he move on , lighting the stogie , hank the barber , a tall , thin man , wear sleeve garter and a racy bow-tie , exit the barber shop across the corridor and move towards the newsstand . CUT to : ext . outer space the satellite countdown move under : 00:01 and start count in second : 00:00:59 . the satellite begin emit a beep sound which gradually increase in tempo , pitch and volume . another panel slide open and a large , metallic nozzle slide out . CUT to : int . newtonville airport baggage claim area - day the baggage carousel start revolve and bag begin to appear . we see the follow grouping : Alice , the Professor , mel and bert . mel we will be right back . bert we be go to the men' room . they begin fast - bob towards the men' room . sammy " the stomp " Johnson wait just to the right of Alice , who take out a make - up mirror and powder she nose . Horton lurk behind a nearby column , watch the Professor . the texans and the chinese acrobat be on opposite side of the carousel , along with they respective welcoming committee . wally lead newt to the carousel , take off he belt , loop it though the handle on newt 's jacket and tie it around a column . newt can I pee ? wally soon as I get you bag , newt . newt rock ' em-sock'em ? wally ( hand newt he sock ) I will be right back , newt . I see you bag right there . wally start after a plaid bag with a " soothing breeze " tag on it , try to dart through the texans to reach the bag before it disappear . CUT to : ext . outer space we see the satellite countdown : 00:00:03 / 00:00:02 / 00:00:01 and as it hit 00:00:00 the beep crescendos and go silent for one brief moment . then , the satellite produce a emission . ; a small burst of light shoot from the nozzle and hear a sound like a sharp slam on a ping - pong ball . CUT to : ext . outer space high angle , look down on the United States . the emission , a short piece of light , enter the earth 's atmosphere and head down towards Kansas . CUT to : ext . newtonville airport - day the emission strike the Ben Franklin key on top of the terminal . the key light up and spin . CUT to : int . newtonville airport baggage claim area - day high angle , look down on the carousel area . the emission zoom down , strike the carousel and a glow four - way beam in the shape of a " X " appear . one arm of the " X " connect Horton thursby and wally Newton ; the other arm connect Professor Hugo Zinzermacher and newt Newton . the glow " X " vibrate wildly and spin , send off small piece of the emission in various direction . one piece hit the group of texans , bounce over and strike the chinese acrobat . another shard hit Alice , make a sharp right and slam into sammy " the stomp " Johnson . a third bolt hit Alice 's open make - up mirror , bounce behind she and nail mel and bert just as they open the door to the men' room . this piece of the emission then hit the mirror in the men' room and shoot back out into the corridor , strike the cashier and hank the barber at the newsstand . the bolt continue out a open door , bounce off the three heinz 57 chef , the tap dance 57 sauce bottle and the trick Dog , all stand by the curb , then smack into the head of Bob mcnabb , sit behind the wheel of company " a " 's limo . from there , the beam spread out towards all of newtonville . the three chef , the tap dance bottle and the trick Dog be suddenly compel to leap into Bob 's limo . and Bob , as if possess by the spirit of a mad hot rodder , put the pedal to the metal , lay two hundred foot of rubber , slam on the break when he reach a stop sign , throw it in reverse and come roaring backwards through the pick - up area in front of the terminal . CUT to : int . baggage claim area - day the glow " X " of light burn brightly ; the clothes of the two oppose pair fly off and land on the person opposite ; newt now wear the Professor 's clothes and the Professor be wear newt 's clothes . Horton thursby be wear wally Newton 's clothes and wally Newton be wear the clothes of Horton thursby . newt 's sock fly into the Professor 's hand . he immediately drop it . Horton 's .357 Magnum fly across and land in wally 's hand . he immediately drop it . the " X " hit another level of intensity and now the two pair literally change place ; newt Newton , in the Professor 's clothes , now stand next to Alice . he lean down and pick up he sock . the Professor be in newt 's clothes , strapped to the column . wally wear Horton 's clothes , lurking behind a column and Horton wear wally 's clothes , look for newt 's bag . Horton bend down , pick up he Magnum and stick it in the waistband of he pants . the " X " hit its brightest level and completely evaporate . the carousel make a stressful , screeching sound . newt , the Professor , wally and Horton blink they eye and shake they head , feel confuse . for no reason they can understand , the texans be compel to march en mass to the other side of the carousel , just as the chinese acrobat , equally befuddle and compel , walk around to where they texans be stand . Alice and sammy " the stomp " Johnson be still stand side by side . however , they position have be reverse , she 's wear he sharkskin suit and aviator shade and he 's wear she company " a " dress suit . the carousel stop suddenly , smoking slightly . stun silence . Mayor billy benson be the first person who rouse himself enough to speak . he make a few strange noise , before squeezing out the word ... mayor billy benson it -it-it - it - it be only lightning . stay c-c-c-c-calm . the crowd , instantly reassure and pathetically grateful for this convenient explanation , murmur , as one ... crowd it be only lightning . the carousel slowly start to revolve again . people begin to move forward to claim they luggage . CUT to : int . men' room mel and bert , who have be freeze near the door , shake they head clear and bob to the urinal . CUT to : int . newsstand hank the barber pick up a newspaper and hand it to the cashier . cashier the hank , usual ? hank the barber Bet you . the cashier take the paper , open the cash register drawer and try to stuff the newspaper inside . meanwhile , hank unwrap a candy bar and smear it in a tight circle on he forehead , near the third eye area . the cashier take out a handful of nickel and dime , hold out he arm and throw the coin onto the corridor floor . the barber and the cashier look at each other for a moment with a look of complete blankness . the barber spin violently and storm back to the barbershop . CUT to : ext . CITY limit - day the satellite emission beam zip towards the " welcome to newtonville " sign , hit the city limit , stop dead , glow brightly for a second , then disappear with a loud pop . a moment later , a semi-tractor trailer barrel down the highway , enter newtonville . on it 's back door we see the word : cheese be made from milk CUT to : ext . the pentagon - day High angle . stock shot . establish . CUT to : int . pentagon corridor - day close on a high - tech security door , with a sign that read : SDI section four code six clearance require CUT to : int . SDI section four - day moving along a heavily instrumented control panel , we come to rest on a blink , and as yet undetected , red warning light . Printing above the light read : random coll . deep space emission CUT to : int . newtonville airport baggage claim area - day horton-as - wally , undoe the belt that hold the Professor - as - newt to the column . he hand the plaid bag to the Professor . horton-as-wally time to go , newt . the professor -as -newt where ? horton-as-wally ( slight pause ) to the manor ? the professor-as-newt I think we would go to the ... Institute . horton-as-wally you just come from the Institute . the professor-as-newt oh , I see . they start towards a exit . CUT to : int . baggage claim sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice take newt -as - the - Professor by the arm . sammy " the stomp " -as-alice this way , Professor Zinzermacher . newt-as-the- Professor smile , grip he sock and they march towards the exit . stepping out from behind the column , wally -as-horton shadow they . CUT to : ext . airport - day sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice and newt-as - the - Professor exit the terminal to the white zone and stop at the curb . wally -as-horton exit after they , hang back behind a trolly of luggage . a moment later the company " a " limousine rocket by , the top of the tap Dancing 57 bottle stick out of the sunroof . the limo screech to a halt at the same stop sign , then shoot back past the white zone again , 70 mph in reverse , tire smoking and scream . sammy " the stomp " - as-alice ( after the limo pass ) what be my husband do ? newt-as-the- Professor stare blissfully . mel and bert come hustling out of the terminal . due to the peculiar nature of the satellite emission , they , along with everyone else affect by it , be only dimly aware that any change have occur . mel sorry we be late , Alice . a slight pause . they both look at she somewhat curiously , then dismiss whatever doubt might have arisen . mel ( cont 'd ) we be bobbin ' like a cork . bert we would be hold we water since Zurich . the limo roar by yet again at 95 mph . mel where 's Bob go ? sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice take out a white hankie , step to the curb . he speak in he voice , but with Alice 's accent and vocabulary . sammy " the stomp " - as-alice ( wave the hankie ) yoo-hoo ! Bobby ! duck ! oh , duck , come right over here now , we be all ready to go . the limo scream back into view , stop on a dime . Bob mcnabb be a desperate man , a vessel for a twisted a.j. foyt from Hell . his " good " side control the foot on the break , the " demonic " side pump the accelerator like buddy righ assault he bass drum pedal . the entire car shake and smoke like a dragster on the start line . bob mcnabb ( eye pop ) jump in , mate , and make it snappy ; I be ridin ' a rhino in a brushfire . Doors fly open , mel and bert lift newt -as-the- Professor into the back seat with they , wedge in between the chef and the tap Dancing bottle . stricken with a profound love , the trick Dog instantly leap into newt -as- the - Professor 's arm . equally infatuated , newt -as -the- Professor grab the little Dog 's cheek and they smile at each other , point blank . sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice climb into the front seat beside Bob . sammy " the stomp " - as-alice ( a bit stern ) robby-ducks , remind I to speak to you about you tea consumption . it seem to be affect you drive -- Bob can not hold back the surge any longer and the limo leap forward like a cheetah on the trail of a leaping ibex . wally -as-horton come forward to the curb , hail a cab , jump in the back and say to the driver wally-as-horton follow that limo ! the cab start after the limo . CUT to : ext . parking lot - day the Professor - as - newt stand by , as Horton - as - wally open the door to wally 's car . enrage with revulsion , he reach in and with two or three violent motion sweep gordie 's toy and polly 's garbage out of the car , spraying it into the parking lot . horton-as-wally what a load a ' crap . the professor -as-newt so it would seem . horton-as - wally look at he askance for a moment , then open the door for the Professor - as - newt , place he in the front seat and fasten he seat belt . the professor -as - newt ( cont 'd ) I have a feel we be not in Zurich anymore . horton-as-wally you say a mouthful there , buddy . horton-as - wally start the car and they drive off . CUT to : int . limousine - day the limo zoom towards a intersection . the light ahead turn red . Bob slam on the break . the passenger tumble like ten-pin . Bob throw the limo into reverse and floor it . the passenger , just regain they balance , get throw again . CUT to : int . cab - day the taxi Driver react in horror as the limo shoot backwards towards he . panicked , he put the cab in reverse and floor it . wally - as - Horton hold on for dear life . wally-as-horton do we do something wrong ? cab driver ( nonchalant ) I see this sort 'a stuff every day ; the whole world 's comin ' apart . the limo shoot back past they , swerve , do a 360 and head back straight for they . the cab Driver shift back to drive and burn rubber , the limo right on he rear fender . cab driver ( cont 'd ) I gotta admit though , this one 's something ' special . the cab be push forward down the road by the limo . they disappear over the crest of a hill . CUT to : ext . newton manor - day a palatial estate , high on a hill , hard by the sixteenth tee of the newtonville country Club golf course . a sign read : newton manor CUT to : int . newton manor entryway - day in the grand foyer , at the base of a grand , circular staircase , tidman , a nervous , middle - age , slightly dishevel butler be address the assemble manor staff . tidman as you know ... newt ... be come home . he will be arrive momentarily . you will recall two year ago , due to a former employee 's negligence , one of the garage be not secure . newt crawle into the working of the furnace ; during the six month it take to undo he handiwork we suffer through the coldest winter in recent memory . Black smoke issue from the faucet . boil water be find in the toilet . thermostat circuitry be hardwire to all the baking oven . yes , as a result chef Pierre do develop he " jiffy bake Alaska " , which we have all enjoy , he also develop a rare skin disorder from work in the 113 degree kitchen . a sheepish chef pierre , wear heavy medical mitten and hat with asbestos ear flap , shrug . chef pierre cis la'vie . tidman I want the follow word engrave in the core of you being : this year there will be no such incident . if air can reach a hide place , so can newt . if water can flow through a crack , there too newt will go . readiness . vigilance . perseverance . May God be with we all . CUT to : int . / ext . manor house - day Quick cut : Fine crockery 's lock in high cabinet . hallway closet door be nail shut . Iron grate be padlock over air duct . in the garage , a steel box be lower by winch over the roll . in the basement , a guard take he post in front of the new furnace . CUT to : ext . manor house - day the electric gate swing open . Horton -as - wally drive wally 's car up the circular drive to the front walk . tidman approach the car , flanke by a pair of orderly -- ike and mike -- build like refrigerator . tidman open the door , ike and Mike stand by to pounce . the Professor - as - newt look up at they and smile . Horton - as - wally get out on the driver 's side . tidman ( a big cheesy smile ) welcome home , master newt . hello , wally . horton-as-wally who be the goons ? tidman help for you - know - who . come along , newt , we have get the rocking horse room all ready for you . the orderly lift the Professor - as - newt out of the car . he smile at they benignly . the professor -as-newt two big assistant . this be good . tidman ( shocked , to wally ) what a tremendous improvement . ( go to the Professor - as - newt ) can you say anything else ? the - professor -as -newt as I be say to bert and mel , if we relate the vector on a parallelogram , allow the azimuth to intersect but not confirm the dimensional factor contribute to the parameter of the logarithmic module , it will not necessarily be a part of it . tidman turn back to wally , almost relieved . tidman still a idiot . he gesture to the goons . one of they pick up the Professor - as - newt by the handle on he coat , the other take he plaid bag . tidman ( cont 'd ) where 's he sock ? ( he shush himself ) never mind , let 's not upset he . ( quietly to Horton - as - welly ) we have get duplicate . tidman be ready to lead the other into the manor , when he realize Horton -as - wally be still stand there . tidman ( cont 'd ) you do not want to ... come in , do you , wally ? horton-as-wally what do you say ? tidman ( shocked , instantly cow ) I say , would you like to come in ? horton-as-wally what would I want to go in there for ? I get a home of my own , pal . horton-as - wally cooly get into the car and drive away . tidman frown , perplex , then escort the goons and the Professor - as - newt into the manor . CUT to : int . newton manor - day tidman lead the Professor - as - newt , he foot barely touch the floor , half - carry by ike and Mike , into the grand foyer . the manor staff be assemble like shock troops about to charge enemy trenches . some wear chest protector , other shin guard , a few carry can of mace and stun gun . the Professor - as - newt smile at they with grow excitement . the professor -as - newt ( to tidman ) if you could show I to my room I will start work immediately . tidman ( apprehensive ) what do you have plan , master newt ? the professor -as-newt as you know from my letter , I hope to make a massive breakthrough . it come to I while contemplate a large , smooth concrete floor . tidman very good , master newt. ( aside , to a aide ) get Gordon Cole on the phone ; I want a complete inventory of all we floor system . the Aid move off , ike and Mike start carting the Professor - as - newt up the grand staircase . CUT to : ext . company " a " - day a massive office building , across the street from and nearly identical to company " B " . on the roof be a gigantic yellow : " a " the limo tear up in a series of short , brutal stop and start . tremendous grind sound , billow smoke , the throttle wide open , fan belt scream . sammy " the stomp " -as-alice get out quick before he kill we . ( scream at Bob ) no more tea ! I will speak with you at home . mel and bert quickly help newt -as - the Professor out of the limo . newt -as - the Professor and the trick Dog still cling to each other . sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice be the last one out , before the limo explode backwards away from the curb , the three chef and the tap Dancing bottle still trap inside . passer - by cover they ear at the excruciatingly deafen SOUND of engine and tire . CUT to : the taxi stop across the street . the taxi Driver hose down he flame engine with a fire extinguisher , while wally -as-horton take out a pair of binocular and look through they ... intercut : wally -as -horton' Pov - binocular matte we see sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice , mel , bert and newt -as - the Professor enter a side door in the company " a " building . the door be flanke by two uniformed guard . wally -as-horton move the binocular up to read the sign above the door : c.a.n.a.p.e. Center for Advanced nucleacly arbitrary permutation experimentation a division of company a wally -as-horton lower the binocular , put they in he pocket . he take a matchbook and a pack of cigarettes out , light one up like a nerd version of James Dean , inhale deeply , plunging himself into a spasmodic cough jag . he jettison the cigarette into the gutter and while try to recatch he breath , he notice the printing on the matchbook : vinnie' lightning rod a glimmer of confuse memory flit across he feature . he reach under he coat and gingerly scratch he rash . CUT to : int . company " a " canape corridor - day bert and mel follow sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice and newt -as - the Professor through automatic -open , glass , slide door , border in red suede . on the door be the word : c.a.n.a.p.e top secret as they move through the door , camera drift to find Mr. posthole , the company " B " spy , lurking in the corridor . he smile , as he watch they enter the clean room . CUT to : int . canape clean room - day Inside the " clean room " reception area be assemble the top brass of company " a " , form a reception line to greet they , all gently bob they head . the President , delbert corrigan , a young , dandify , old - money ivy leaguer , give sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice a slightly strange look . sammy " the stomp " - as - alice gentlemen , may I present Professor Hugo Zinzermacher . polite applause . newt -as - the Professor beam , still hold the trick Dog in one hand and he dirty , bulg sock in the other . delbert corrigan step forward to shake he hand , accompany by he young , blonde bombshell wife , simone . sammy " the stomp " - as - alice Professor , I would like you to meet the President of company " a " , Mr. delbert corrigan and he lovely wife , Simone . corrigan shake newt-as - the Professor 's hand . newt - as - the Professor will not let go , happily pump away . delbert corrigan this be one of the proudest moment of my life . I can safely say I speak for everyone here when I tell you that with you pull you oar in we shell we will be at the mouth of the Charles before you can sing three bar of the whiffenpoof song . just dandy . ( get a little uncomfortable ) what a darling little pooch . ( newt -as - the- Professor continue to smile blankly and shake he hand ) do you know my wife , Simone ? Simone , in a devastating little chanel number , step forward . simone ( bad radcliffe french ) Professor , je suis tre heureux a faire votre connaissance . she grip newt -as - the Professor by the shoulder and kiss he on both cheek . his eye light up like a pinball machine , he rear back and throw a roundhouse right . Simon and delbert , use they good genetic reflex , both shy back in shock . the punch sail past they and land squarely on mel 's nose with a resounding smack . mel grab he break honker , tear squirt from he eye . he grab the nearest wall and a pierce , high - pitch , one - note wail of contain agony escape from he . mel turn back around . bert ( stunne ) the Professor hit mel . holding he nose , mel turn back to they , in extreme pain and feel somehow responsible for it . mel I must have provoke he . everyone else be still speechless . newt-as-the professor ( look around ) can I pee ? delbert corrigan ( try to smile ) yes , c.a.n.a.p.e. ( he refer to he canape security badge ) and please be assure , the Center for Advanced nucleacly arbitrary permutation experimentation be absolutely thrilled to have you here . please , be assure of this . hiding behind she husband , eye darting nervously , Simone try to light a cigarette , she hand shaking like a frog on a hot plate . newt-as-the professor can I pee ? delbert corrigan ( slight pause ) what be it , exactly , that you be confuse about ? newt-as-the- Professor make a fast beeline to the nearby men' room , clearly mark with the follow symbol : mel and bert quickly confer . mel that could explain a lot . bert we should 'a let he go when we get off the plane . they both quickly turn to delbert corrigan . mel we should 'a let he go when he get off the plane . sammy " the stomp " - as-alice ( also try to explain ) one must continually bear in mind that this geniuse be a queer lot . delbert corrigan ( the " good sport " ) I have a few eccentrics swinging from my own family tree . if he deliver the " massive breakthrough " he 's promise in correspondence , believe you I , we will put up with the best the Professor can muster in the peculiar behavior Department . from inside the bathroom , we hear the trick Dog happily bark in a conversational way , as if talk to newt-as- the - Professor . a moment later the door open and a big , black puff of smoke roll into the room . CUT to : ext . pentagon - day the same stock shot . CUT to : int . SDI section four - day a corporal stare at the blink red warning light we see earlier under the word : random coll . deep space emission the corporal flick the bulb once or twice , make sure it 's not malfunction . it continue to blink , unabate . the corporal take out a key , unlock a small box , open it , flick the switch inside . the blink red light turn green , continue to blink , turn back to red , rotate and a small telephone slide out of a panel beneath it . the corporal pick up the phone , without take he eye off the still blink light . corporal ( try to remain calm ) put I through to Colonel mofler ... ( pause ) Colonel mofler ? ... corporal gumm . Sir , we have get a tuna on the line . yes , sir , a verify tuna . CUT to : int . colonel mofler' office - day Colonel mofler sit at he desk , hold the phone . colonel mofler thank you , corporal . I do not need to remind you this be code six ... he hang up , grimly take a key from he desk , insert it into a lock on the edge of he desk . the desk top slide open , revealing a large red book emblazon with the word : fish Colonel mofler page through the book . we see subheadings that read : trout , halibut , grouper , anchovie , mackeral . he come to a page that read : tuna . he read something that shock he . colonel mofler Holy jump George ... CUT to : int . situation room - day general conrad stand at the head of the long conference table . a pack of very cool general with the right stuff be gather around . a number of large , stuff , mount fish adorn the knotty - pine wall . general conrad ( high fury ) a tuna !!?? a tuna !!?? colonel mofler ( also stand , data in hand ) yes , Sir , prelim 's indicate a albacore ... general conrad that 's white meat !!! colonel mofler yes , Sir ; a emission . general conrad be you try to tell I that thing peed !!!!???? colonel mofler yes , Sir , a contain pinpoint emission somewhere in friendly Delta forty . general conrad ( cover he eye in despair ) friendly !! gahhhh !! ( question the other ) Delta ? Delta forty ? the other Generals calmly confer . the group 's spokesman , general thrasher , turn to General conrad . general thrasher Kansas . general conrad it peed on Kansas ? that thing peed on kansas !!!??? colonel mofler Sir ... uh , should we notify , uh , the , uh , Commander in , uh , Chief ? General conrad look at the red phone on the table in front of he . he pick up the entire instrument and then bang it on the table with increase intensity . the other Generals do not move a muscle , brim over with the right stuff general conrad no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no !!!!!!! General conrad do a backflip and land heavily , out of sight , with the SOUND of major fracture . the other Generals respond with slight head shake , sympathetic whistle and other small , compassionate gesture . a general ( pause , calmly ) mofler , call a ambulance . CUT to : ext . vinnie' lightning rod - day the wounded taxi limp up to the door . wally -as-horton get out of the cab and cautiously enter the rod. CUT to : int . vinnie' lightning rod - day pearlescant stucco and a persistent South Seas motif ; weathered rope net , varnish blowfish lamp , dusty spear and shield . the customer , a hardboil bunch of sleazy criminal type , freeze in they track when wally -as-horton enter and tentatively make he way across the room ; the denizen part for he like the Red Sea . vinnie , the short , stocky , bald proprietor , behind the bar be the only person who dare to speak to he . vinnie hey , Horton . what 's happen ? wally-as-horton ( stop , terrify but handle it ) not much . what 's happen with you ... vinnie ? he look at vinnie with some confusion . vinnie ( clearly frighten of he ) not much . wally -as-horton nod and continue on . he pass a booth full of four gangster , clearly a few notches tougher than the bar 's other customer . they leader , jimmy " crawlin " underwood , a big irishman , rise as wally -as -horton approach . wally -as-horton 's knee shake and he smile politely . the whole room tensely watch the follow exchange . underwood ( timidly ) I and the boy be wonder what a guy name Mr. bigg be do up in front of you apartment . wally-as-horton why do not you ask he ? underwood ( self -deprecate laugh ) okay , Horton , sure , it 's none of we business , you know we , always lookin ' for a taste of the action . wally-as-horton would you like I to ask he for you , Mr. underwood ? underwood ( severe anxiety , back up ) no , no , come on , Horton , you know we , we be not tryin ' to muscle in , you be the man , you call the shot . wally-as-horton I be go upstairs now . underwood sure , Horton , sure . so , same time for drink tonight , huh Horton ? wally-as-horton why not , Mr. underwood ? they look at each other uncertainly . wally -as-horton exit up a rear stairway and the room come back to life . underwood return to the table full of gangster . gangster # 1 ( a italian ) what would he say ? underwood ( talk tough ) something stink , big . Pew . he keep call my Mr. underwood . gangster # 2 ( a black guy ) that 's you name . underwood twist gangster # 2 's nose . underwood Mr. schmaty pant : my name 's Jimmy ! that guy , maybe he 's be on top too long . lemme tell you something ; the bigger they be , the harder they fall . ( the gangster mutter agreement ) hey vinnie , how ' bout a round a ' cheeseburger ? gangster # 3 ( a mexican guy ) con mucho queso . the other gangster grunt they approval . vinnie ( in front of the open fridge ) sorry , gent , look like we be fresh outta cheese . the gangster raise a ruckus , each in he own dialectical style . CUT to : int . vinnie' second floor - day wally -as-horton reach the top of the stair . Mr. bigg step out of the shadow , flanke by two big bodyguard in company " B " jumpsuit . they head be bob like bert and mel 's be before they peed at the airport . mr. bigg so ? have the deed be do ? wally-as-horton ( fearfully think on he foot ) I be go to march right out there and engage the enemy . mr. bigg every second that genius ' brain be work for company " a " , a fog of trouble engulf we enterprise in a cloud of uncertainty . ( move closer ) one twenty - five cent bullet , Mr. thuraby , deliver in a timely fashion , will spell victory for company " B " wally-as-horton and I will bet there 's no butt about it . mr. bigg I think we understand each other . Mr. bigg head down the stair , follow by he bob bodyguard . wally -as-horton quickly duck into the door of Horton 's apartment . CUT to : int . horton' apartment - day wally -as-horton shut the door , lean back against it , gulp air . he turn on a light and find himself stare at two huge gun rack , one for rifle , one for pistol . wally -as-horton hyperventilate , terrorize . he take off he jacket and be shocked to see himself wear a empty shoulder holster . CUT to : ext . wally house - day horton-as - wally pull into the driveway in wally 's car . he get out , head for the front door . we hear the ferocious yapping of gucci-gucci the pekingese and a moment later it burst through the underbrush and make a beeline for Horton -as - wally . Horton - as - wally turn and he gaze narrow menacingly just as gucci-gucci leap up at he face for the kill . in mid-flight , the look in Horton -as - wally 's eye register in gucci - gucci 's little mind . gucci-gucci put on the brake and stop in mid-air , inch from Horton - as - wally 's face , linger there a moment , then retreat along the same trajectory , with a squeal of total capitulation . gucci-gucci roll over and surrender , begging for mercy . Horton - as - wally snap he finger . gucci-gucci leap up into he arm and obsequiously slather horton-as - wally 's face with gucci-gucci devotion . horton -as-wally ( to gucci-gucci ) in China they eat dog . gucci-gucci freeze and put its paw over its eye . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) lucky for you we be not in China . horton-as - wally drop gucci-gucci and enter the house . gucci-gucci heel after he like a dog with a phd from rin-tin-tin University . CUT to : int . wally house - day horton-as - wally enter . with a Apache war whoop , gordie leap around a corner , point a toy pistol at Horton -as - wally . with reflex faster than a jungle cat , Horton - as - wally whip out he huge , chrome - plate .357 Magnum , put the barrel against gordie 's forehead and kick he leg out from under he . gordie hit the floor like a sack of rock , Horton - as - wally kick the toy pistol away , put he foot on gordie 's neck and bend gordie 's nose back with the Magnum . horton -as - wally do not anyone ever tell you it 's dangerous to play with firearm ? gordie be shocked into a semi-coma of terror , whimper like a lose baby seal . we hear polly come before she turn the corner . polly wally , do you remember to pick up the cheese for the wine and cheese -- ( she turn the corner and see they ) wally !!! get off my child this instant !! what be you do !! i'll knock you into the middle of next week !!! horton-as - wally 's head slowly turn towards she like a robot 's . his cold steel eye meet hers . horton-as-wally what do you say ? polly you be in serious , serious trouble , mister !! i'll spank you bottom so hard you won 't be able to sit for a -- horton-as - wally shoot out a arm with the speed of a cobra , snare she adam 's apple between he thumb and forefinger and lift she gently , slide she up the wall . horton-as-wally that 's ... enough . she faint dead away . gordie , afraid to move a muscle , watch they out of the corner of he eye . gucci-gucci sit obediently at horton-as - wally 's foot , wag its tail and smile , gaze up at he with blind adoration . CUT to : ext . newtonville roller rink - day the wheel on the neon skate be revolve slightly faster than the last time we see they . CUT to : int . newtonville roller rink - day country -waltz music . the rink have a few dozen skater , all push themselves forward with a strange and somehow familiar bob motion . over at the skate check - out desk , a sweat , beam Big Tom be distribute skate to a eager crowd ; he ability to supply barely keep up with demand . we hear comment from the crowd : crowd ( variously ) Boy , I have not be skate in year ... you know I must have driver by this place a hundred time and this be the first time I even notice it be here ... hey , Jane , you come here often ? ... it 's the strangest thing ; I be just stand there hold the baby and I suddenly get this urge to skate ; I end up bring the baby-sitter ... I take a nine , Big Tom ... Woody sit at the add machine , ecstatically cranking out number and banking cash . woody this be not bad business for a Thursday . randy'' voice how many lump , Woody ? woody one !!! randy , one !!! randy'' voice one lump , come up , Woody . woody ( embitter , to himself ) sure thing , mister memory . CUT to : int . rollerrink kitchen - day a bunch of kide on skate be cluster around the snack counter , all bob they head . Randy be add a lump of sugar to a cup of coffee like Madame curie handle uranium . the kide hey , Randy , six beefy cheese Louise ... man , I be so hungry I could eat a horse ... I , too ... I three and I just eat lunch ... I , too ... randy how many ? the kide six !! Randy nod and he head start to bob , somewhat erratically . he go to the beefy cheese Louise fridge , open it . the patty be brown and naked . no cheese in sight . Randy do not change he expression . he close the fridge , pace back and forth , reopen the fridge , look at the cheeseless patty again and make a high whining sound . we hear three loud beep from a truck horn . Big Tom call out to Woody . big tom cheese truck 's here . woody I get it . Woody rise , start towards the back . Randy stare at the fridge , fill with the wonder of life . randy what a coincidence . CUT to : ext . roller rink loading dock - day the driver be swinging open the rear door of the cheese truck . Woody 's face fall when he look inside . the driver look at each other , then a Woody . the truck be empty . no cheese . White wax paper print with the word " cheese be made from milk " waft in the breeze . driver # 2 that damn truck be fill with cheese . driver # 1 where 's that much cheese gonna go ? woody ( fight back panic ) you want to try to explain this to I and a barnload of hungry skater ? out of the driver shake he head , gently kick a rock . woody ( cont 'd ) hmmm ??!! CUT to : ext . newtonville heinz 57 plant - day we see a banner in the plaza in front of the building : welcome to our 35 new employees from lubbock , TEXAS 35 new reason why 57 be number 1 a dais be set up under the banner . a relentlessly cheerful heinz vice president be make a speech into a microphone , to the heinz employees gather in the plaza . heinz vp ( head bob slightly ) it 's the start of a brand new tomorrow today and what a beautiful day it be . the sun be shine brightly on heinz 57 . we have get the welcome mat out today -- the microphone pick up a loud rumbling from the vp 's stomach . heinz vp ( cont 'd ) -- will , 'scuse I , guess I be run on empty -- good thing for I we have get the welcome lunch out , too. ( enthusiastic applause ) good thing for I and for the thirty - five new reason why heinz 57 be number one . now I understand you folk be all from lubbock , be that right ? we now see the thirty - five chinese acrobat in they chinese red sweatsuit , stand at the front of the crowd . they all rapidly confer in a obscure chinese dialect , then a spokesman step forward and beam proudly . spokesman rubbock . applause from the crowd . CUT to : ext . the rialto theatre - day a stagehand bob he head while plaster up a bill on a wall outside the theater : open tonight the fabulous chinese acrobat from the far province as he finish a delivery truck pull up . letter on the side read : lightning fast chinese the non - chinese Delivery man get out , carry a very large box of chinese food in the familiar cardboard bucket . stagehand be not you just here ? non - chinese delivery man they phone up for more . off screen we hear a horrendous screeching and squealing . the Delivery man hurry across the street and enter the theater . a moment later the company " a " limo fly by , lurching and buck like a harpoon whale . CUT to : int . backstage - day the thirty -five , leisure - suite texans be spread out all over the stage , wolfing down chinese food like there 's no tomorrow . empty cardboard bucket litter the area . in b.g. , the Delivery man distribute more bucket from he big box . the texans ( variously ) damn ; finish one a' this , two minute go by it 's like I never et ... stuff sure do not stick to you rib ... stuff 's startin ' to talk back to I ... this beer wash ' it down real good ... ' question be , how far down 's it gonna go ? ... and will it stay there , pa'dner ... sompin ' tell I this stuff will repeat on ya ... roger , the light - in- the-loafer stage manager mince on state , bob he head in a esthetic way . roger ( clap he hand ) all right , girl , chop -chop -- ( point to he watch ) clockse say time for rehearsee , I be not get any young , the band 's pay by the hour -- down with the food , on with the tight -- the texans stare at he balefully . a large one rise , put a hand on Roger 's shoulder , tower over he and turn to the group . texan # 1 what do you think , boy ? should we kill he ? roger ooh , quell macho behind the bamboo curtain -- Roger read you loud and clear , you angry samurai ; time to zippee my lippee . he mime zipping and lock he lip , then throw away the " key " . Roger turn to the band , in the pit , and mouth the word : roger ( cont 'd ) play something ! the Band lurch into a loony chinese overture . as if hypnotize , all the texans drop they food container , run to prearrange spot on the stage , roll they sock up over the bottom of they pants leg and bow to each other . half the troupe lean down and form stirrup with they hand . the other half of the troupe take lumber run at they and strain one foot up into the stirrup . with agonize , muscle - rip heave , the runner be clumsily lift in unison a few inch into the air and fall as one to the stage , landing on they back like fell redwood . roger ( cont 'd ) ooh . CUT to : int . pentagon situation room - day Doors open and General conrad be wheeled into the room on a mobile rig . the General wear a full - body cast , stick in a position like a freeze frame of someone be toss into a swim pool . the other Generals , seat as before around the table , give low - key , respectful greeting . a aide stand behind each of the Generals , hold a stack of computer printout data . the general ( variously ) hey , pappy ... touch break ... good to see you back in the saddle ... guess you be gonna make that barbecue Saturday , eh pappy ? Colonel mofler rise as General conrad reach the table , in the middle of a extremely long slow burn . general conrad ( low , angry , control ) tell I about the fish . colonel mofler Sir , that tuna 's be gaff and he 's come on deck now -- general conrad what have we get !! colonel mofler ( a look to the other Generals ) Sir , luckily the emission be confine . ( look at the Generals again ) confine to the limit of one small town . ( look again ) newtonville . Kansas Long pause . general conrad that 's it ??!! we be talk about fist piss , what the hell do it do ??!! mofler look at the Generals again , then at he note . colonel mofler uh , possible impact on basic metabolic process . negative , uh , infringement on calcium and magnesium molecular structure . uh , very likely some compulsive hyperkinetic rebalance -- general conrad CUT the crap !!!!!!!!!!!! you tell I , colonel , what the hell be we pulling up on deck !! another look at the Generals . colonel mofler well , Sir , there 's one thing we can say for certain ; newtonville sure as hell be not go to have any cheese . silence . General conrad tighten . his face turn the color of borscht . SOUND of plaster strain . hairline crack appear up and down the General 's body cast . strangulate moan escape from the General as the cast shatter and he fall out of view like a man go through a trapdoor . the Generals shake they head in admiration . they clench they cigar , summoning up the stuff for the ordeal that clearly lie ahead . CUT to : int . wally house - night in gordie 's room , Horton - as - wally pound the final nail into the last in a wallfull of professional look gun rack . the other be already load with gordie 's toy weapon . Horton -as - wally turn to gordie . horton -as-wally load 'er up . gordie load the rest of he toy into the rack . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) how many round in a luger magazine ? gordie nine , Sir . horton -as-wally what 's the range on that kalishnikov ? gordie accurate to three - hundred yard , Sir . horton -as-wally do you ever point a load weapon at another human be if you do not intend to use it ? gordie no , Sir , never , Sir . horton-as-wally that 's good , Gordon . tomorrow we be go to talk about hand - to-hand technique . now go tell you mother we be ready to eat . gordie yes , Sir , I sure be hungry . horton-as-wally you and I both , junior . gordie exit happily . CUT to : int . wally newtone dine room - night as Horton -as - wally enter , polly , wear a blond , plastic neck brace , ios set out large amount of food on the table , where gordie 's eagerly seat , he head bob . polly ( she voice strangely munchkine ) wally , I do not appreciate one little bit be tell by gordie that you be ready to -- horton-as - wally sit down , calmly take out he Magnum and set it on the table beside he plate . polly inhale she next word and immediately sit . gordie stare directly at Horton -as - wally in a trance of admiration . horton -as-wally dig in , Gordon . you will need plenty of energy when we go hand - to-hand . polly 's impulse to interrogate be just barely contain by she sheer terror . gordie start to eat , still gaze worshipfully at Horton - as - wally . polly wally , you will remember we be have the wine and cheese get-together tomorrow evening and I will need you to pick -- ( he shoot she a look ) -- to remind I to pick up the wine and cheese in the morning . horton-as-wally ( nod , then to gordie ) if we have some cheese , we could have a wine and cheese party , if we have some wine . gordie crack up . he love he dad so much now . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) Son , you be bob like a boy who need a pogo stick . what do you say we pick one up tomorrow ? gordie ( thrilled ) gee , dad , that would be great -- what 's a pogo stick ? CUT to : int . rocking horse room - day a basketball court size room , the ceiling almost out of sight . the wall be cover with mural of animal and fantasy land . a gigantic , electric rock horse sit in the middle of the room , near a desk where tidman be empty the content of a large , grey sock in front of the seat Professor - as - newt . ike and Mike be stand guard nearby . the Professor - as - newt stare at the object analytically , on the assumption they hold some hide , symbolic significance . tidman ( puzzle ) do not you recognize this item , master newt ? the Professor - as - newt look at tidman , as if to say , " should I ? " tidman ( cont 'd ) this be the content of you sock . the professor -as-newt my sock . tidman that 's right -- ( pick each object up ) this be you rock . this be you piece of string . this be you pink rubber pig . this be you record player and you very own record . see ? tidman put the plastic record on the plastic , toy turntable and turn it on ; a frantic , emotional child 's song play . assume this be all a test of he brilliance , the Professor - as - newt cock he head like the rca dog , listen intently . he pick up the rock , scrutinize it , measure it with he finger . the professor -as - newt ( shrewdly ) instantly I see a relationship to ze string . tidman ( humoring he ) yes . they be all in the sock . the professor -as-newt all in ze sock ? tidman all ... in .... the sock . the professor -as-newt ah , a frame of reference . ( put it all together ) the sock ... be my universe . I be go to need a large chalkboard . tidman master newt , you have come a long , long way . the professor -as - newt halfway around the world . tidman yes . of course CUT to : int . vinnie' lightning rod - night as the curtain open on the small stage , black musician be play a introductory , three - chord blue riff . jimmie underwood and he croney be seat over drink in they booth at the back . vinnie come out on stage and take the microphone . vinnie lady and gentleman , it give I great pleasure to introduce one of the great legend of the blue , it 's he first visit here to the lightn Rod , direct from gainesville , Florida , the one and only stompin ' Machine , sammy " the stomp " Johnson ! round of applause , whistle . jimmie and he group stomp they foot and yell , head bob in unison : the stomping spread around the room . the musician start to stomp , the beat be pick up and amplify by the bass drum . a spotlight hit the stage and out stomp Alice - as - sammy - the-stomp , wear a baggy , blue-sequine suit , a purple pearlescent silk shirt , white buck and a black string tie . the audience immediately accept she at face value and the applause - o- meter shoot into the danger zone . alice-as- sammy -the-stomp , sounding like a bizarro mixture of b.b. King and princess Di , skillfully sing a blue standard with a great deal of conviction , passion and diction . through the bead curtain at the back , wally -as -horton enter the Rod , scan the room , spot jimmie and company and make he way to they booth . gangster # 3 hey , Horton , where 's lorraine ? wally-as-horton lorraine ? jimmie backhand gangster # 3 across the nose . jimmie what the hell business be it of yours where she be ? ( to wally - as -horton ) guy 's get a deathwish , huh Horton ? you gotta forgive a knothead like this . the gangster scrunch together to make room for wally -as-horton to join they in the booth . they watch Alice - as - sammy - the-stomp finish she number . applause . under which , lorraine teeter in on stiletto heel , dress in a cling , cocktail sheath dress , with a slit up the side halfway to duluth . she lean down and give wally -as-horton a big wet kiss . lorraine sorry I be late . wally -as-horton 's eye roll back , close to lose consciousness . lorraine ( cont 'd ) what be you doin ' sittin ' with this creep ? wally-as-horton they be go to give I a drink . lorraine you mean a mickey . jimmy lighten up , lorraine , you gonna stop a man from buy a man a drink in this oh-by-gosh - by -golly world ? lorraine who I ? ( she sit ) jimmy if you be not gonna stop I ... ( Jimmy wink at the other ) ... then I be not gonna stop you . I can not stop you . and if I can not stop you , then -- the other gangster ( stupid sing ) -- " who will stop lorraine ? " on stage , Alice - as - sammy - the-stomp overhear the gangster and interprete it as a request , launch the band into a tight , explosive cover of ccr 's " who will stop the rain ? " Jimmy raise he wine glass . jimmy I would like to propose a toast ... wally -as-horton , lorraine and the other gangster raise they wine glass . jimmy ( cont 'd ) to Mr. Horton thuraby , the fastest gun in the west , with all good wish for continue success , especially in whatever it be you might be do at the present time , which we have not be let in on but tomorrow 's a new day ... they wait to see if he 's finish . wally - as-horton lean way forward , form a perfect " o " with he lip , attaches he lip to the glass and make like the babbling brook . the other look at he like he just fly in from Mars . he continue to make the sound . the gangster and lorraine look at each other . cautiously , they all lean forward and duplicate wally -as-horton 's wine taste technique . the band stop play , all eye turn to the booth . the sound of the babbling brook continue . CUT to : int . newtonville roller rink - night busier than before . a few happy skater be seat at the lunch counter , head all bob . holding a sheet of hamburger bun like a accordion , Randy lean in uncomfortable close to one skater . randy I be tell Big Tom I smell gas . and I still smell gas . strip receipt off the spindle nearby , Woody grimace and pull on he hair . CUT to : int . vinnie' second floor - night lorraine and wally -as-horton make they way up the stair . wally - as -horton be half in the bag , lead they in sing a mutilate version of " stranger in the night " . they stop outside the door to Horton 's apartment . wally - as-horton extend a hand . wally-as-horton well , this be where I get off . lorraine you and I both , you animal . wally-as-horton ( shaking she hand ) thank you for a wonderful evening , Laura . lorraine you clown -- oh , I see , you want to play perfect stranger , I like this . ( she grab he necktie ) why do not you take I into you apartment , harley and let 's see if I can get that big engine of you 's start ? we hear a rapid thumping , increase in volume and intensity and wally -as-horton 's shirt start to kick out like he 's hide a mule undergo shock treatment in he chest . she open the door and pull he by the tie into the dark apartment . the door close . from inside , we hear wally -as -horton 's heart beat faster . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY limit - dawn the early morning sun illuminate the " welcome to newtonville " sign . park behind the sign in he patrol car , dougy " sherlock " Watson be catch some Z's . his head bob slightly in he sleep . in the distance we hear the grind and screeching of the company a " limo as it tear down the highway and roar past the sign . " sherlock " Watson wake up like someone just pour ice water in he short and see the limo racing away . he start the engine , hit the siren and screech out onto the highway , bubble light flash , chase the limo . camera hold on the sign . a few moment later , the patrol car zoom back past the sign in reverse , the limo gain on he front bumper . " sherlock " Watson testing the envelope of landspeed - backwards travel . the wretch whine of torture engine fade . lightn strike the desert in background . moment later , what seem to be a sandstorm erupt in the dry desert around the sign . descend into this malstrom , we see a contort , white apparition attach to a harness on a cable ; General conrad , in a new plaster body cast . as he near the ground , two troop carrier and a jeep speed into frame , combat- ready ground troops pour out and lower General conrad into a steel - tube scaffold that allow he to stand in the back of the jeep . he 's strapped in , a microphone in front of he face and large speaker on either side of he . during above , the Generals with the right stuff and Colonel mofler arrive in a fleet of staff car and three more transport disgorge three company of Marines . general conrad ( into the loudspeaker ) fall out ! fall out ! secure the perimeter of newtonville ! no one get in or out without my say-so ! move , move , move ! CUT to : ext . heinz 57 plant - dawn songbird . peace . no one in sight . CUT to : int . heinz 57 plant - dawn a empty corridor . a blaring alarm start fill the corridor with sound . we hear frantic , run footstep approach and moment later a panicked heinz employee come into view around a corner , scream ... heinz employee there's no cheese !!! there's no cheese !!! CUT to : int . company " a " canape area - day carry he sock and the trick Dog , newt -as - the- Professor be escort into a small , sparsely appoint laboratory by bert and mel . in the room be a chalkboard , a box of chalk , a chair and a periodic table of element hang on a wall . bert this be all the thing you ask for , Professor . newt-as-the professor four mel ( nose expertly bandage ) for you work . you be sure there 's nothing else you need ? newt-as-the professor Zero . bert okay , Professor . mel we be go now . bert we will leave you to it . no response . bert and mel exit . CUT to : int . canape hallway - day bert and mel stop in the corridor . bert he seem pretty preoccupy . mel I be sure he 's get a lot on he mind . CUT to : int . canape lab - day newt-as - the Professor look at the close door . newt-as-the professor one . two . three. four. five . newt-as - the Professor sit on the floor and open he sock . the trick Dog sit beside he , watch attentively . newt-as -the professor ( cont 'd ) Zero . he take he piece of string out of he sock and lay it out on the floor . newt-as -the professor ( cont 'd ) one . he take he smooth rock out of the sock and set it down a certain , exact distance from the string . newt-as -the professor ( cont 'd ) two . we move off he towards a large mirror in the wall to he leave . CUT to : int . canape observation room - day in a room fill with whirring computer , the group of company " a " scientist we see earlier observe newt -as - the Professor through the one - way glass mirror . some of they sit at computer console , ready to input newt -as - the Professor 's every action into they massive hard disc . mel and bert enter and stand at the back of the room , near sammy - " the stomp " - as Alice . bert this be what we have be wait for . mel to watch a authentic genius at work . one of the scientist shush they . the group watch as newt -as - the Professor take he plastic record player out of the sock and carefully set it down . video camera record he every move . newt-as-the professor ( through a speaker in room a ) Three . they watch as newt -as - the Professor take out he record and put it on the turntable . newt-as -the professor ( cont 'd ) four. newt-as - the Professor turn it on ; we hear the same frantic child 's song we hear on the other record player at Newton manor . the scientist look at each other , a little wide - eye . scientist # 1 ( reassuringly ) look like he 's get warm up . scientist # 2 he 's prime the pump . sammy-the-stomp-as-alice ( aside to bert and mel ) that be one peculiar pump . bert and mel look he / she up and down . newt-as - the Professor take the pink , rubber pig out of the sock and set it down near the other object . newt-as -the professor ( cont 'd ) five . newt-as - the Professor open the box of chalk , take out a piece of chalk and feed it into the open hold in the pig 's mouth . he stand up and start fly the pig around the room in time to the music . he occasionally graze the chalk that extend out of the pig 's mouth against the blackboard . the trick Dog start jump back and forth over the chair . newt-as-the professor candy Pigs . candy Pigs . scientist # 1 I would hear he method be unorthodox . scientist # 2 stand by on computer ; we will have to be on we toe ... school be in session . the other scientist nod in uncertain agreement . CUT to : int . canape lab - day newt-as - the Professor cruise around the room with the pig . as he pass the periodic table on the far wall , we notice a eyeball watch newt -as - the Professor through the letter " of " in the word " oxygen " . CUT to : int . canape secret observation room - day the eyeball belong to Mr. posthole , the company " B " spy , secrete away in this tiny , dark space . he speak into a small transmitter hide in he pen holder . mr. posthole now he 's simulate a kinetic flow with the porcine symbol ... my guess be he 's establish a spatial vector between the object for the purpose of conceptual comparison ... ( overwhelm by the " brilliance " ) ... my God , I can not believe what I be witness , tell Mr. bigg he 's shed more light on arbitrary permutation in the last three minute than we get in two year out in the bush observe the mystic sufis -- ( back to business ) be I kid myself , or do the dog represent Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle ? CUT to : ext . lucky buck' used car and truck - day a beautiful summer morning . Horton -as - wally drive up , park beside the sale office and head inside . he feel like whistling and get out a note before catch himself . he enter the sale office . CUT to : int . lucky buck' sale office - day as Horton -as - wally enter , lucky Buck gesture to he from behind he desk . lucky buck soldier , first bugle 's at 0900 hour , I would like you to take a good long look at you timepiece , bedbug , and give I one good reason why I should not dock you three minute wage . you be a slacker , a slouch ; the original sadsack . horton-as - wally , motionless , stare at this creature in disbelief . a twinge of uneasiness filter down to lucky Buck 's cortex but he shake it off , crook a finger and summon horton-as - wally . lucky buck ( cont 'd ) walk that butt of yours right over here . private , I want to show you what put I off my breakfast this morning . horton-as - wally , stoke a nuclear power slow burn , amble over to the desk , under ... lucky buck ( cont 'd ) the most pitiful , the most sicken and embarrassing sale record it 's ever be my misfortune to encounter . we be talk court martial . dishonorable discharge . horton-as-wally what do you say ? lucky buck ( on micro- thin ice ) I say if this be Japan and I be to hand you the hari-kari blade and you be anything but the most miserable excuse for a man in this outfit -- horton-as-wally that 's enough . horton-as - wally reach out , grip lucky Buck by the Adam 's apple and put he gently against the wall and speak calmly . horton-as-wally the thing you have be say and this attitude you be express towards I be unacceptable . you will never do this again . lucky buck ( up about two octave ) I agree completely . horton-as-wally Fine . let 's sell some car . lucky buck I be all for it . horton-as - wally release lucky Buck . lucky Buck tell he tremble , uncooperative facial muscle to smile , but the result look like the mouth of a catfish in a wind tunnel . lucky buck ( cont 'd ) thank you . CUT to : int . rocking horse room - day tidman enter , with ike and Mike behind he . the Professor - as - newt sit at he desk , contemplate the content of the sock laid carefully out on the desktop , deeply lose in think . a large , blank blackboard stand at the ready . tidman good morning , master newt . no response . the Professor - as - newt do not budge , do not blink . tidman ( cont 'd ) sleep well , do you ? master newt ? master newt ? tidman touch the Professor - as - newt 's shoulder . the Professor - as - newt snap out of he reverie and look up at tidman . the professor -as - newt ( instantly alert ) vhat kind of day be it ? be it a cloudy day ? or be it a pleasant day ? tidman it 's a pleasant day , master newt . the professor -as-newt that 's good . ( they smile at each other ) you be the fellow who be in here before . tidman yes , I be tidman . the professor -as - newt tidman . you will understand if I return to my work now . he turn back to the desktop . tidman look at ike and Mike , sigh . tidman master newt ... it 's time for you morning bath . the professor -as - newt ( get aggravate ) please , kind sir , can not you see ... I be this close -- ( hold up thumb and forefinger ) -- this close -- this symbol be swim , swarm in my mind like you bumblebe I have hear so much about -- what pull and push be look more and more like the interwoven fiber of the sock !! tidman ( a pause , sternly ) do you see you pig ? the professor -as - newt ( think it 's a clue , excited ) yes ? tidman you be just as dirty as a pig . the professor -as - newt ( eager to know more ) I be ? what do this mean ? tidman it 's time to see you grandfather ... it 's time for you bath . the professor-as-newt ( a new tangent ) dirt ... water ... like a membrane !! tidman motion to ike and Mike . they pick the Professor - as - newt up by the arm and carry he towards the door . tidman master newt ? they stop . the Professor - as - newt look back at he . tidman ( cont 'd ) ( hold it up ) do not you want to bring you pig ? the professor -as - newt ( consider ) vell , yes . I suppose I do . CUT to : int . newton manor bath room - day ike and Mike carry the Professor - as - newt , who 's cradling he pig , into the Roman bath -size room . tidman follow . ike and Mike wear regular bathing suit and t-shirt . the Professor - as - newt be wear a 1890 's style bathing suit . also wear the same style suit , grandad newton , a ancient , shrivel version of newt , stand unsteadily in the far end of the steamy , swim pool size bathtub . on the back of both they suit be the word : long distance swimmer ike and Mike carry the Professor - as - newt down step into the bath and drop he kitty - korner from grandad . tidman announce : tidman grandad , master newt be here . grandad look at the Professor - as - newt , shake he head . grandad that 's not newt . tidman do not be mean , grandad , newt 's come such a long way to see you . and I will bet he would love to hear you record ; would not you like to play it for he ? the professor-as-newt I vould like to hear you record . do it have any bear on the pig ? or perhaps , dirt or a membrane of some kind ? grandad smile warmly ; he like this guy even if it be not newt and he 's the only one who realize it . grandad reach out of the pool and turn on he plastic record player , similar to the one from the sock . we hear a sweet , tender , warm - heart song . as it play , grandad take out he own pink rubber pig and start to sud it up with a little brush . the Professor - as - newt watch he intently , smile when grandad smile at he . grandad clean pig . the professor-as-newt ( aha , another clue ) a...clean ...pig. the Professor - as - newt start to scrub he pig . use long - handle brushes , ike and Mike begin scrubbing down grandad and the Professor - as - newt . tidman steal behind a column and sneak a smoke . CUT to : int . airport - day move off a clock that read 12:33 , we see hank the barber exit the barber shop and move to the newsstand . he pick up a newspaper and hand it to the cashier . cashier the hank , usual ? hank the barber Bet you . the cashier take the paper , open the cash register drawer and try to stuff the newspaper inside . meanwhile , hank unwrap a candy bar and smear it in a tight circle on he forehead , near the third eye area . the cashier take out a handful of nickel and dime , hold out he arm and throw the coin onto the corridor floor . the barber and the cashier stare at each other with a look of complete blankness . the barber spin violently and storm back to the barbershop . move off they we find General conrad , Colonel mofler and the other Generals observe the exchange . a soldier approach , urgently . soldier General , if you would like to follow I . general conrad what be it ? soldier I think we have get a nibble . they quickly follow the soldier , mofler and the other Generals carry General conrad to the baggage claim area . the carousel have be roped off and a number of soldier be crawl around , carry weird , geiger - counter - like device , all glow and emit whooping noise . general conrad you smell that , mofler ? colonel mofler what 's that , Sir ? general conrad tuna piss . colonel mofler yes , sir. Ground Zero . general conrad mofler , you know what happen when tuna go bad ? mofler nod , apprehensive , as the other Generals gather round . general conrad ( cont 'd ) gentleman , we have get twenty - four hour to cook this fish before it start draw fly from Washington . I do not have to tell you who will have he barnacle scrape in drydock if that happen . CUT to : int . lucky buck used car and truck - day the sale office be teeming with a crowd of anxious , head - bob car purchaser . lucky Buck , in seventh heaven behind he desk , be processing purchase agreement as fast as he can write . lucky buck ( over above , voice still high ) take a number , please ... lucky Buck will get to you lucky shopper as soon as he can ... car purchaser ( variously ) I have get to have that car ... wally say it be the car for I and I think he be right ! ... I love that car ... wally want I to have this car and I do not want to upset he , he be quite insistent ... CUT to : ext . lucky buck' lot - day horton-as - wally walk a slow , rheumatic little old lady firmly by the elbow through the lot . as she head bob , she eye be draw to a flashy , sporty convertible . little old lady but I be really kind of partial to that one -- horton -as-wally no . he stop she in front of a sensible , four- door sedan . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) ( finger in she face ) this be the car for you . they Lady 's eye 's quiver . we hear a splash on the tarmac . we see a puddle form between she orthopedic shoe . little old lady ( not eager to disappoint he ) where do I sign ? CUT to : int . vinnie' lightning rod - day jimmie underwood and the boy sit around a table , over beer , head bob , deeply troubled . jimmie how can you tail a guy who do not go out of he room ? mexican gangster what be they do up there ? they all punch he on the shoulder . mexican gangster ( cont 'd ) no , I mean , this be not like Horton ; he do not mix business with pleasure . jimmie Horton 's beginning to act like a enigma . the other gangster brush off they sleeve and pick lint off they lapel . Mr. bigg and he two bodyguard be eavesdropp on this conversation from the next booth . Mr. bigg get up and move to jimmie underwood . mr. bigg I could not help overhear what you gentleman be discuss . I , too , have concern with regards to the behavior of Mr. Horton thursby . perhaps we can find a path through this thicket of doubt and confusion to a golden pagoda of mutual satisfaction . jimmie underwood you be Mr. bigg . mr. bigg indeed I be , sir. let 's talk turkey . mexican gangster con mucho queso . jimmie underwood there be not gonna be any turkey or cheese . you deal 's with thursby . mr. bigg until this moment . I consider it void for non- performance of service . take thursby out ... and the deal be yours . jimmie underwood one , two , three ... the gangster all give the thumb up sign on the silent count of " four " CUT to : int . horton thursby's room a clock read : 2:00 pm . wearing a smile as wide as the Mississippi , wally -as -horton lounge between the sheet with lorraine . wally - as-horton sing she a little ditty . she giggle like a adore and adorable schoolgirl . wally-as-horton ( picture Gary Cooper , happy drunk ) gosh , I think you be peachy / and I will bet you would look real swell / in a swimsuit at the beachy / you really ring my bell / gosh , of gosh , oh gosh . he pinch she nose , then hold up the tip of he thumb between two finger . wally -as-horton ( cont 'd ) if I keep this , will it start to smell ? she giggle . he kiss she " nose " and put it " back " . lorraine oh , Horton , this be the most romantic day we have ever spend . wally-as-horton oh gosh . lorraine if I feel anymore love I think I will just wiggle right out of my skin !! wally-as-horton awww . I too . she kiss he tenderly and quickly accelerate passion . wally - as - Horton 's t-shirt start thumping like a jackhammer . CUT to : ext . grazing pasture - day a number of dairy cow stand in the field , move they lip and make a eerie , melodic yodel . move over we find General conrad , Colonel mofler and the Generals stand on the edge of the field . behind they , a mass of Soldiers be stand by . one of the Generals look through a huge pair of binocular . Colonel mofler hold a tape recorder 's microphone towards the cow . intercut : binocular Pov close on a big pair of yodel cow 's lip . CUT to : int . canape observation room - day newt-as-the- Professor lay out the piece of string on the floor , pick up the rock and bang it up in down on the string in time to the song on the record player . CUT to : int . canape bunker - day we see newt -as - the Professor on a video monitor mount on a wall in company " a " 's secret boardroom . cinderblock wall , low green fluorescent light . the group of scientist we see earlier observe newt -as - the Professor be seat around the table , watch the monitor with Chairman delbert corrigan and he lovely wife , Simone . bert and mel be stand quietly in the back near sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice . everyone watch the monitor intently , head bob , as we hear the tap- tap -tapping of newt -as - the- Professor 's rock . a plate of small sandwich sit in the middle of the table . delbert corrigan ( watch the monitor , dumbfounded ) interesting . but , somehow , vague . simone ( cut the bullshit ) what the hell be he do ? we pay top dollar for this dimwit . scientist # 1 ( cow but unbroken ) Mrs. corrigan , please , this be a intuitive , rhythmic translation of pure think into interpretive kineseology . simone oh please . scientist # 2 we think it 's a code . we just have not crack it yet . simone I will tell you what 's crack around here , he be . he be crack when he get here . delbert perhaps he be damage in shipping . at the back , bert and mel exchange a anxious glance . mel grimace and draw a finger across he throat . bert ( nod , whisper ) pink slip , mel . mel time to update that resume . scientist # 1 ( show scad of print-out ) we data indicate he 's in the process of establish the formula . still in time to the music , newt -as - the- Professor be now hit the pig with the rock and jump it down on the string . each time he hit it , the pig emit a high , sharp squeak . delbert corrigan ( try to grasp it ) ah , the frustration of the layman . scientist # 2 ( try to be helpful ) might I suggest you read Smyth on the encode of natural process in syncopate pygmy drumbeat ? Simone let out a heavy , critical sigh and roll she eye . delbert corrigan ( try to sum up ) I think what Simone and I be try to say , old boy , be that we be somewhat concerned , as anyone would be after a cash outlay of this magnitude , with no apparent return other than this inscrutable , albeit intrigue abstraction . ( lose he train of think ) company " a " be behind you one hundred percent . ( bite into a sandwich ) crack good sandwich , this . sandwich , Simone ? CUT to : int . canape computer room - day montage : whirring computer ; on computer monitor , black and white still of the lab floor be overlaid with a grid , computerize vector compute distance between the object with caliper , feed the data over microphone to programmer at keyboard ; a scientist with headphone on analyze the music from newt 's record on computer . in the secret observation room behind the element chart , Mr. posthole video tape newt -as- the - Professor through the peep hole . in another computer room at company " B " , the video data from Mr. posthole 's camera be on a big monitor , be analyze by company " B " 's battery of computer . CUT to : int . ext . toy store - day a sign read : zap toy CUT to : int . toy store - day horton-as - wally lead gordie stand in front of the counter where kindly old mister zap climb up a tall ladder , pull a pogo stick down off a shelf and blow off a thick layer of dust . mister zap ( still on the ladder ) yep . have not sell one of this thing in year . get a back order die on the shelf . be clogging up my inventory since ' 59 . use to be I would see kid bounce all over Main Street on this thing . ( get carry away ) wished I have a nickel for every one of this I see bounce by my window . could 'a sell this old shop . could 'a move up to granny 's farm ' fore the rheumatism take she . yep , I -- horton-as-wally ( no good can come from this ) that 's enough . at 8 fps , Mr. Zap zip down the ladder and ring up the sale . CUT to : ext . toy store - day regular speed . horton-as - wally watch with a smile as gordie hop on the stick and bounce away down Main Street . a couple of head bob kide spot gordie and be thunderstruck with desire for a stick of they own . CUT to : ext . roller rink - evening Sun set over the big skate . the exterior light come on . the parking lot be jamme with car and would - be skater . CUT to : int . roller rink - evening in front of the empty skate dispense shelf , Big Tom , Woody and Randy stare in amazement at the rink , pack solid , shoulder - to - shoulder with happy skater , a mass of human flesh travel around and around . woody ( incredulous ) this be great business , even for a Friday . big tom pinch I , Woody , I think we be dream . woody ( have to worry about something ) who be this people ? they look like total stranger . randy ( at he most insistent ) Big Tom . I still smell -- Woody clamp a hand over Randy 's mouth . big tom oh , the sound of many skate on wood . close - ups of many skate thunderously wheeling around the rink . CUT to : int . wally horton be house - night horton-as - wally scrutinize pair of polyester - clad guest enter the house for the wine and cheese party , each carry a bottle of wine . polly greet they at the door and they all pointedly ignore horton-as - wally . guest and polly ( variously ) we be so fortunate to find this last dusty little bottle ... Ted 's so silly he think neuf de pape be the sound champagne make when you open it ... we think you would like this adorable burgundy ... I have read about it ; it 's ingratiate without be impudent ... polly glance over at horton-as - wally . he 's just turn the heat up on he slow burn . CUT to : int . rialto theater - night thunderous applause from the pack house , among they some soldier , watch strategically . a spot come up on Mayor billy benson as he walk out on stage . watch from a gold circle box on the mezzanine level be General conrad , Colonel mofler and the other Generals . mayor billy benson thank you , thank you and welcome , one and all . ( he hand be bob erratically ) before I introduce the illustrious chinese acrobat I have a important announcement to make . ( the crowd hush ) during the last twenty - four hour I , Mayor billy benson , have struggle mightily with the question and issue weigh heavily on all we mind in this , we troubled time . lady and gentleman , atlas do not shrug . general conrad ( whisper to mofler ) where 's my bozo gun ? mayor billy benson and so it be tonight , with a heart fill with joy and promise , that I be announce my candidacy for the office of President of this United States of America . Dead silence . benson twitches , salute sharply and stride off . general conrad Drop a net on that one , mofler . colonel mofler he 's get trout farm write all over he . the band strike up the chinese overture . light dim . curtain open . to tumultuous applause the thirty - five texans stride out and take a bow . general conrad ( squinting ) kind 'a big for chinese . colonel mofler maybe the stage be small . a steady drum bead -roll , the texans scramble back and , paunch strain , begin to form a massive , five - tiere human pyramid . Roger , the stage manager , watch from the wing , crossing all he finger and bite a nail , as he head bob . the man of the last tier climb precariously up to complete the clumsiest and least graceful human pyramid in record history . the bottom tier start to shake and shimmy ; the keystone man 's knee start to buckle . the tier sag inwards towards the middle . with a look of eye-popping strain , the keystone man fart . a split-second later , another first - tier Texan rip a cheese - cutter and the pyramid collapse like a dynamite housing project . roger ( averting he eye ) chinese food . ix - nay on the chinese food . CUT to : int . vinnie' backstairs - night wally -as-horton and lorraine come down the stair , happily glue to each other . they enter the main room of the rod. customer be wolfing down huge portion of vinnie 's bad food . jimmie and the gangster , seat at a table in the middle of the room , all rise , apprehensive , on edge . vinnie approach . vinnie even , Horton . wally-as-horton ( happily ) even . we be starve ! lorraine for food , that be , but not for anything else . vinnie two deluxe dinner , come right up . ( he move off ) jimmie ( strain ) have a seat with we , Horton . we have get plenty of room . wally-as-horton gee , thanks , Mr. underwood . the other gangster back away from the table , as wally -as-horton and lorraine take a seat . vinnie set down two sticky plate full of undifferentiated sludge . vinnie buon appetito ! ( he move off ) the other gangster sit down again . wally -as-horton feel some tension and start to get nervous . jimmie underwood move behind wally -as-horton into the shadow . High violin / rash music fade in , as wally - as -horton 's rash start to bedevil he . he move he leave be uncomfortably as he start to eat . lorraine ( pick up on the danger ) Horton , something 's not right . wally-as-horton yeah , this food be terrible . lorraine no. where 's jimmie ? behind they , in the shadow , jimmie underwood slowly draw a pistol from he jacket . his itch intensify , wally -as-horton reach into he jacket to scratch he rash . the other gangster dive lean back , expect the worse . as wally - as-horton scratch he rash he accidently discharge the Magnum in he shoulder holster . bang ! the bullet shoot a hole in wally -as-horton 's jacket , ricochet off the metal chairleg , fly up and knock the gun out of jimmie underwood 's hand . wally - as-horton spin around . the other gangster dive under the table and the rest of the room take cover . wally-as-horton oh geez , Mr. underwood , I be so sorry , be you okay ? jimmie underwood ( reduce to a whimper mass ) go ahead , finish I . wally-as-horton be you dinner that bad , too ? I could cook better than that . in fact I could cook a lot better than that . lorraine ( puzzle ) you cook ? silence . the other gangster stare at he in bewilderment and fear . wally-as-horton well ... yeah , I cook . jimmie underwood ( frantically look for a foothold ) you cook ? cook , too . italian gangster you guy cook ? so do i. black gangster no kid ? I love to cook . mexican gangster yo , tambien . con mucho queso !! jimmie underwood I be always kind 's afraid to say so . wally-as-horton hey , there 's nothing wrong with cooking . lorraine some of the world 's great cook be man . maybe vinnie will let you boy cook something . customer ( variously ) anything would be better than this slop ... let them cook ... hey , vinnie , let them cook ! ( stomping as they shout ) let they cook ! let they cook ! let they cook ! vinnie ( happily join in the chant ) they can cook ! they can cook ! jimmie underwood ( offer a hand ) whadda ya say , hort ? wally-as-horton let 's cook ! CUT to : int . wally newton be house - night the entire room full of guest , and polly , be do the " babbling brook " . Horton -as - wally watch they in disgust disbelief . a Guest with thick glass turn to horton-as - wally . thick -glasses guest you be very quiet this evening , wally . horton-as-wally yes I be . dick , a big , mean sportsman , have hear this exchange . dick I suppose it 's a little past you bedtime , huh wally ? horton-as-wally no . I just want to make sure polly enjoy she party . within earshot , polly smile , enormously pleased , then start offer a tray full of turgid treat around the room . polly cheese substitute ? cheese substitute ? a second sportsman Guest , hal , slightly looped and smell a bit of fun , move next to Dick , near Horton - as - wally . hal Dick and I be wonder if you would sell you first car yet , wally . dick yeah , how long you be work there , ' bout fifteen year now , be not it ? you be head for the Guinness Book of World record there , wally boy . a moment of tense silence . polly Dick , I will have you know wally 's sell almost every car on the lot in the last two day . hal there 's a sucker bear every minute and even a sucker can get a driver 's license . polly ( a bit aglow : can it be love ? ) well , I be very proud of wally . lucky Buck 's make he a full partner . dick I guess lucky Buck throw himself on too many grenade . polly ( see the bumblebe in Horton 's eye ) Dick ? be you try to provoke wally ? dick full partner ? selling car ? be polly wean you , wally boy ? horton-as-wally Excuse I ? dick think for sure there would be a little rubber nipple on you glass there tonight . you know ; per usual . a buzzing like twelve cubic yard of killer bee fill the room . a row of nervous female guest " babble brook " they wine . horton-as-wally what do you say ? dick you hear I , wimpy -- horton-as - wally throw a six -inch uppercut that put Dick twelve block down on " queer Street " . hal move three centimeter towards horton-as - wally and one punch later find himself on the floor , look for he eye-teeth . in one fluid motion Horton -as - wally whip out the Magnum and fire a single shot down the row of female guest , sever the stem of they wine glass . the wine empty onto the carpet like sand through a hour glass . horton-as-wally goodnight . at 8 fps the room empty out the front door . returning to normal speed , Horton -as - wally holster the Magnum . polly point a not - entirely - angry finger at he . polly wally Newton ! horton-as-wally ( respond in kind ) polly Newton ! he grab she , spanks she once playfully . she spanks he back and giggle . he throw she over he shoulder and march she upstairs to you - know - where . CUT to : int . gordie' bedroom - night Little gordie sleep peacefully , a blissful smile on he face , as he cradle he precious pogo stick . CUT to : int . vinnie' lightning rod kitchen - night wally -as-horton and jimmie underwood be the boy be all in apron , labor over different pot and griddle , each eagerly prepare he own specialty , move in and around each other with precision choreography , taste-testing , ponder , adjust ingredient . lorraine be work as wally -as-horton 's spice gofer . vinnie come back into the kitchen , carry a huge stainless steel baking tin . vinnie this one big enough , Horton ? wally-as-horton that should do it , what do you think boy ? the other nod and continue cooking . vinnie stand around like a fifth wheel . vinnie so , how 's it come along ? wally -as-horton vinnie , vinnie do not bug we . we be work on something that 's never be do before , ever . ( to lorraine ) lorraine , a dash of cardomon seed . ( lorraine comply ) vinnie sound expensive . wally-as-horton yes it be . we be not gonna lie to you , vinnie , but we pull this off and the michelin people be gonna need a extra star to rate this joint . vinnie gee , that 's great . kind of a meal on wheel sort of situation , what with the tire and the food and all . wally -as-horton and jimmie underwood look at each other . wally-as-horton not the tire company , vinnie , this michelin be a snob outfit that rate swanky restaurant and when we be finish you be goin ' right to the top of the list . vinnie wow . wally -as-horton now if you can not stand the heat get out of the kitchen , vinnie . vinnie boy , you ever see a man my age do something like this ? he reach up , grab the pot rack and do a one - arm chin up . they stare at he . CUT to : int . rialto theater - night the stage be litter with break crockery . a leisure - suite Texan , sock pull over he pants to he knee , hold two plate high in the air . General conrad , Colonel mofler and the Generals , some of whom be doze , stare on from they box , drift into a surrealistic haze . drum roll . a fat Texan swing in from the wing , hang from a trapeze by he knee . he make a grab for the plate , miss by a good fifteen foot before swinging out of view on the other side of the stage . we hear a faint barking from that direction . the Texan on the trapeze zip back into view , twice as fast , zip back again even faster , out of sight . pause . off screen we hear a cacophony of trash can and other high quality off - screen crash noise . the empty trapeze swing back in and come to a stop above the motionless Texan , hold the plate . the violin section of the orchestra stand and execute a strange , stringe tremolo . CUT to : int . vinnie' kitchen - night wally -as-horton and each of the other gangster , wear large mitten pot-holder , hold the pot that contain each of they speciality over the large baking tin . lorraine stand by , hold a small container of spice . jimmie underwood give the word , Horton ; all we speciality be ready . wally -as-horton boy , I have a feel what we be do in this kitchen tonight could change the course of cooking history . black gangster the aromas themselves be already intermingling in a way that make I dizzy with excitement . wally-as-horton on three . one ... two ... three ... they all pour they specialty into the baking tin , a bubbling cauldron of hot food . wally -as-horton ( cont 'd ) go , lorraine lorraine dump the spice into the mix . the mix appear to turn combustible ; a cloud of smoke appear and we hear a sound like soft , continuous surf , punctuate by small pop noise . they wave away the smoke and see that the tin be pack with small , attractive green pie . CUT to : int . newton manor hallway - tidman be Pov - night creep down a hallway , toward ike and Mike , station on either side of the door to the rocking horse room . as we approach we hear the SOUND of chalk racing over blackboard . carry a healthy rum toddy , he fourth , tidman , in nightcap , flannel nightshirt and slipper nod to ike and Mike . Mike crack open the door and we catch a glimpse of the Professor - as - newt scribbling away at a massive blackboard . the professor -as-newt ( to himself , as he write ) one ... clean ... pig . tidman ( tipsy , nearly win over ) no lack of energy , we newt . Mike close the door . tidman ( cont 'd ) first thing tomorrow move in that extra chalkboard he ask for . give he whatever he need ; this be the first constructive thing newt have ever do , we must do all we can to encourage he . ( a sudden terrible think occur , which he make light of ) let 's hope he 's not design a bomb . tidman toddle away down the corridor , hum snatch of a Cole porter tune . CUT to : int . the mcnabb house - night sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice sit in a veddy English parlor , wear a flannel nightgown , robe and slipper , sadly sip a cup of tea . we hear screeching engine , horn and siren approach . sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice rise , move to the curtain , part they and look out . intercut : ext . the mcnabb house - night Bob mcnabb , lurch up near the curb in the company " a " limo , try to stop , which he 's able to do only long enough to make a shaky wave towards he house 's window before he 's off again like a bullet , flame shoot from the tailpipe . moment later " sherlock " Watson follow in he patrol car and close behind he be a couple of Army jeep . sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice dab at he eye with a handkerchief and slowly close the curtain . dissolve to : ext . desert - morning at sunrise , Mayor billy benson wander across the desert , hold a portable tape player play " hail to the Chief " CUT to : ext . wally newton be house - morning a beautiful morning . gordie bounce by on he pogo stick . CUT to : int . wally bedroom - morning bird chirp . Sun pour through the window and gordie 's smile face be visible as he bounce by . polly lounge luxuriously in bed , sip coffee . her smile and the gleam in she eye tell we she 's wake up a new woman , as she watch Horton -as - wally curling a barbell in he sleeveless t-shirt and boxer short . polly ( dreamily ) wally , wally , wally . horton-as - wally wink at she as he continue to pump . polly sigh contentedly . CUT to : int . canape computer room - day all the scientist be assemble , watch the computer disc drive whirring at supersonic speed , give off a high -pitch whine . then one by one , like cherry tumbler click into place on a slot machine , each computer stop . on each monitor be the readout : 3.1416 the scientist be stunne and amaze . scientist # 1 gentlemen , all road lead to Rome . mel Three point one four one six . bert what the heck be that ? sammy " the stomp " -as-alice that mean " pi " , which be a magical number have to do with the relationship between the diameter of a circle and its circumference . scientist # 2 ( calmly raise a alarm ) have anyone see the Professor ? all eye turn to the one - way glass : newt -as- the- Professor be no longer in the room . the cover of a air duct have be pried loose . mel oh geez , he 's go into a duct . bert ( mobilize ) we will need a blueprint of the whole system . sammy " the stomp " - as - alice get Gordon Cole on the phone . delbert corrigan and he lovely wife Simone saunter in . everyone stop , try not to look concerned . delbert corrigan Morning all . everyone Morning all . delbert corrigan Simone and I just stop in for a juice and seltzer and , of course it could not have be but we think we see the Professor in the cafeteria . everyone ( slight pause , then , variously ) the cafeteria ! he 's in the cafeteria ! they stampede out of the room at 8 fps , leave delbert and Simone alone . delbert corrigan perhaps it be he . CUT to : int . company " a " cafeteria - day the stampede come to a skid halt just inside the door . newt - as- the- Professor sit alone at a table across the room , happily eat a huge slice of blueberry pie . the trick Dog sit on the table in front of he , on its hind leg , begging . scientist # 1 pie ... pi. gentleman , we be on the right track . scientist # 2 ( in awe ) it 's almost as if he 's toy with we . bert ( aside to mel ) he must have be pretty hungry . mel we could have get he something . newt-as-the- Professor take the pink rubber pig from he pocket , dip he napkin in ice water and begin to clean the pig . newt-as-the-professor clean ... pig. clean ... pig . scientist 1 and 2 look at each other , think hard . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day blackboard , fill with mathematical scrawling , line the room . cover in chalk dust , hair in wild disarray , aflame with the white heat of creative genius , the Professor - as - newt write away on the last board . seat in a wheelchair , beside the two record player which be each play one of the record , grandad Newton watch the Professor - as - newt . ike , Mike and tidman watch from a portable bar , where tidman , for fortify himself against the jarring musical confluence , be mixing a second pitcher of martinis . the Professor - as - newt stop to listen to a passage in the music , then write another equation . the record both end . the - professor-as - newt again !! grandad happily start both record again . tidman sigh and pour himself a triple . the Professor - as - newt wait for the music to catch he up , then write another equation . he look at what he 's write : ii x pig ^2 x C = ( bob ) the - professor-as-newt stop the music !! grandad take the needle off the record . silence . without he foot leave the floor , the Professor - as - newt bounce he butt down onto the floor , then bounce back up into the air , he leg stretch like rubber band . the - professor-as -newt Eureka !!! tidman lift he martini glass then drain it . tidman Eureka . grandad tug on tidman 's sleeve , point to the Professor -as - newt . grandad that 's not newt . tidman remember he be strike by lightning , just like you be , grandad . grandad nod and make two lightning gesture with he hand . the - professor-as-newt tidman !! tidman ( weaving slightly ) stand by , master newt . the - professor-as-newt ( frantically write on a pad ) I be go to require a few additional item . tidman very good , sir. CUT to : int . newton manor hallway - day tidman be on the phone , another martini in he hand , read from the Professor - as - newt 's list . tidman -- no , that be one inch alloy plate ... in the titanium , yes ... fourteen gallon of liquid ... liquid ... ( squinting ) ... would that be nitrogen ? yes , liquid nitrogen . one thirty - thousand cubic foot porcelain - line steel tank . thirty eight pound of uranium -- be we building a bomb ? that 's very amusing , sir -- ( a high , rouge panic run through ) he ) -- oh you do have it ? how convenient yes , then we would also like the strontium 15 ... six barrel ... yes , the large ... no , I think that 's everything -- oh , yes , one semi-conductor fero-electric solenoid capacitor kit -- ( finish he drink ) -- and throw in a fifth of Gordon 's ... this afternoon ? how marvelous . bye CUT to : int heinz 57 headquarters - day Colonel mofler and the Generals carry General conrad , enter the lobby of heinz 57 and approach the chinese woman at the reception desk . another caucasian heinz employee be stand at a nearby filing cabinet . chinese woman herro , gentremen , how may I herp you ? colonel conrad missy , you can tell the President of this outfit that General conrad and a few of the Joint Chiefs be here to see he and he better get out here , pronto . chinese woman Light away , sirl . she jump up from she chair and do a series of backflip into a inner office . pause . a moment later , we hear a whoose SOUND approach from down a corridor in the background ; a chinese man , hold a file , flip he way out of sight , down the hall . moment later , another chinese woman sail by , hold onto a wire with she tooth . the officer all look at each other and smoke they cigar . the heinz vice President we see earlier come out of the inner office , accompany by a male chinese assistant , do cartwheel . heinz vice president officer , what can I do for you ? general conrad how do you do . we hear you have some trouble up here with you new employee . heinz vice president trouble ? ( chuckle ) if you call a 45 % increase in productivity trouble , we have get plenty of it . this be one of we new employee and I can safely say he 's one of the best assistant I have ever have . general conrad mind if I ask he a few question ? heinz vice president go right ahead . general conrad ( smile at the chinese man ) what 's you name , son ? chinese man flank loberlt . general conrad ( to mofler ) what would he say ? colonel mofler he say he name be Frank Roberts . general conrad well , Frank , where you from ? chinese man rubbock ... wellr , neal rubbock , ' bout twelvre mire as the clow fries . general conrad ( eye narrowing ) and you be a citizen of this here United States of America ? chinese man boln and ble . General conrad bite through he cigar . we hear a slurping sound . the chinese receptionist be back at she desk , eat a big bowl of chili . CUT to : ext . newtonville elementary school - day a sign read : nickolai tesla elementary school CUT to : ext . newtonville elementary school playground - day a number of kid be bounce around on pogo stick . gordie be show a couple of they how to work they pogo stick , when he 's suddenly push down from behind . victor eichorn what be you do , pogo-wimp ? victor eichorn , the class bully , stand over gordie and grab he pogo stick , flanke by two of he little henchmen . other kid start to gather around , head bob . gordie stand back up . gordie I like to pogo . pogoing be cool . victor eichorn you be stupid . where would you get this stupid thing ? gordie my dad get it for I . victor eichorn you dad 's the biggest wimp who ever live , everyone know that . gordie that 's a lie -- give it back . victor eichorn why do not you make I , pogo-wimp ? gordie I be warning you ; I know hand - to-hand . Victor and the henchman chortle menacingly . one of the henchmen kneel behind gordie , the other henchman step forward to push gordie backwards . gordie sidestep the push and toss one henchman over the other . victor eichorn oh yeah ? Victor step forward and try to punch gordie ; gordie expertly flip he onto he back in the sandbox . the other kid cheer . other kide yeah ! a thin , nasty teacher , miss henke , appear out of nowhere and grab gordie by the ear , twist it viciously . miss henke it look like I be go to have to make a example of you , Gordon . gordie he start it -- miss henke do not start with you cry and whimper , a ugly trait you inherite from you father . ( drag he towards the school ) maybe we can beat it out of you . CUT to : int . gordie' classroom - day we see the whole fifth grade class seat , face the front . whap ! gordie be lean over miss henke 's desk , while she wield two ruler tape together on he . whap ! gordie stoically bear the punishment . whap ! Victor and he henchman smile sadistically . gordie I tell the truth . this be unfair . miss henke life ... be unfair . ( whap ! ) gordie I be go to have to tell my dad about this . miss henke good . you tell he to come see I . I can use this on even bigger baby . and I have get a hankie for when big baby cry . ( whap ! ) CUT to : ext . newtonville roller rink - day a fleet of Army truck and soldier surround the barn . the wheel on the big skate be revolve so fast that real spark be shoot out with the neon one . a tremendous roar rise out of the barn . CUT to : int . newtonville roller rink - day General conrad , Colonel mofler and the Generals watch the solid mass of skater move around the rink . Big Tom and Woody be in a quietly ecstatic state of euphoria . the noise from the skate on the rink be nearly deafen . General conrad notice that small spray of sawdust be be throw up from the hardwood rink . CUT to : int . lucky buck' sale office - day horton-as - wally be on the phone , the slow burn turn up to boil . horton-as-wally what do you mean tomorrow , gordie ? you tell she I will be there in ten minute ... you bet I believe you , son , you do the right thing . he hang up , turn to lucky Buck , busy with a bunch of customer . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) be there a fruit stand nearby ? lucky buck ( still munchkine ) yes , Sir , one block , leave face , forward march about four door down . horton-as-wally I will be back . CUT to : ext . elementary school - day a car zoom up , park next to the school and a seethe Horton - as - wally get out and stride towards the classroom building , carry a small paper bag . CUT to ; int . gordie' classroom - day gordie be stand in the corner , face the wall . Horton -as - wally kick the door open ; miss henke and the class be stunne . Horton - as - wally go right for miss henke . miss henke what be the meaning of this ? you can not just barge in here like -- horton-as-wally ( a finger in she face ) that 's enough . horton-as - wally pick she up with one hand and hang she on a hook over the blackboard . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) gordie , you can take you seat with the rest of the kid . gordie do . Horton -as - wally take out a switchblade and pop it open . miss henke gasp . the class be petrify . Horton -as - wally pick up the two tape ruler from the desk and break they in half . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) ( to the kid ) there will be no more beating in this classroom . horton-as - wally take a big grapefruit out of the paper bag , set it on the desk and cut it in half with the switchblade . he pick up half the grapefruit and move to miss henke . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) my boy do not lie , sourpuss . he grind the grapefruit into she face , use it as a juicer , then toss the rind across the room into a trashcan like Magic Johnson . Horton - as - wally turn to face the class . horton -as-wally ( cont 'd ) at this moment , I consider myself the luckiest man on earth . I have a wonderful son , who do not lie , and he 's make I very proud . gordie run up and embrace Horton -as - wally with all he might . victor eichorn ( snidely ) I think I be gonna puke . horton-as - wally turn to Victor . horton -as-wally Victor , come up here . frightened , Victor stand and move to they . victor eichorn you be not the boss a ' I . horton-as-wally calm down , son . ( a hand on Victor 's shoulder ) Victor , I know what a hard life you have live , what with you folk divorce and you father 's alcoholism . it be not so long ago that I do not know the meaning of a family either . Victor , I know about the loneliness , lie awake at night , feel like no one in the world care for you . I know what this can do to you ; the rage and frustration . and I just want you to understand you have get a friend here and he name be wally Newton . you be welcome at we house , gordie 's and mine and polly 's , anytime , day or night , for good food or hand - to-hand lesson and for just go out to the range with a uzi or a thirty - ought -six . ( Victor 's dissolve in helpless tear ) now you character shake hand and call it square . gordie extend a hand . Victor shake it . the class cheer and applaud . Victor 's henchmen be fight back they own tear . CUT to : ext . newton manor - day a squadron of truck be back up to the front of the manor and a platoon of jump - suite delivery men be dolly ton of supplies past a worried House staff through the double door . stencile on the side of the truck be the various company name : lightning fast electric , lightning fast steel , co. , lightning fast plumbing , lightning fast hardware , lightning fast nuclear supplies . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day the Professor - as - newt be work frantically on a scaffold that surround the superstructure of a huge , black , steel trojan pig ( as in trojan horse ) . a steady steam of Delivery man dolly in and deposit they load under the supervision of a tipsy tidman . ike and Mike be lift heavy object and other member of the House staff be joyfully engage in various support activity . grandpa sit in he wheelchair near the scaffold , beam up at the Professor - as - newt . grandpa ( happily , to anyone who will listen ) that 's not newt . the professor -as - newt bring up my uranium rod ! ike and Mike do just that . tidman turn to rayburn , the ancient manor staff accountant , who 's inventory the income supplies . tidman make a note , rayburn ; triple this year 's donation to sooth breeze sanitarium . rayburn the lad have improve , take , many , so much more , step , that I , hard to find the , but then , word be -- tidman thank you , rayburn . the professor -as-newt be I wrong ? I feel as though I have ask for the plutonium three or four time already -- tidman just come off the truck , master newt . chef Pierre wheel in a large silver serve trolley . chef pierre my treat : jiffy baked Alaska for everyone ! CUT to : int . canape observation room - day the computer be whirring at top speed . Three sense device be point through the mirror at newt -as-the- Professor , who 's move chalk on the blackboard in a rhythmic pattern . the scientist watch gather around , mel , bert and sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice be in the background . scientist # 1 we be very close now . scientist # 2 pick up a red phone . scientist # 2 alert the corrigan ; we be close CUT to : int . canape hallway - day delbert and Simone corrigan hurry down the hallway towards the observation room . CUT to : int . observation room - day as the corrigan enter , the computer start to click in , one after another , the slot machine effect . scientist # 1 lady and gentleman , the Eagle have land . the room be hushed ; more click from the computer . scientist # 1 ( cont 'd ) come up now ... come up now ... a image come into focus on the big monitor ; a large pig and below it a list of ingredient . stun silence . bert ( aside , to mel ) kind 'a look like a pig ) CUT to : int . company B computer room - day the company " B " group , include Mr. bigg and Mr. posthole , be stare at the same image on a similar monitor . mr. bigg ( somewhat confuse ) good work , posthole . but what in the Sam Hill be it ? mr posthole Sir , unless I miss my guess there 's enough arbitrary nucleic permutation on the cobalt theme inside that porker to turn this world into a corn flake . mr. bigg this be worth a fortune but Lord it 's dangerous . thank God we get it before that animal cracker at company " a " . start building immediately . now it 's more important than ever we pop the weasel and drain the tub of Professor Hugo Zinzermacher . ( look at the monitor again ) damned if that thing do not look like a pig . CUT to : ext . highway - day temporary Army Command headquarters , set up just outside the newtonville city limit , near the newtonville sign . Colonel mofler hold a field phone to General conrad 's ear , as the Generals stand by . general conrad no , no , no , nothing 's " up " ... the boy and I find a great little trout stream out here in Kansas ... we be fry up some rainbow right now , couple a ' beer , we will be back inside the beltway before you know it ... yes I be in Bethesda -- no , nothing serious , slip on a rock go for a carp in the potomac -- no , I be fine now , never better ... thanks very much for call , you have a nice day , too , Mr. President . mofler hang up the phone . general conrad ( cont 'd ) he be suppose to be out clear brush today , mofler , what the hell kind of intelligence be you give I ? we get the feed off that uplink back to section six ? colonel mofler ( read from a file ) " conclusion : the emission have cause unusual behavior and activity -- " general conrad I could 'a tell you that , mofler . colonel mofler ( nod , keep read ) " -- which do not at this time appear to be life - threaten , but consider the nature of the deep space random collection sampling , a accurate projection of long - range consequence be not possible at this time . " general conrad recommendation for response ? colonel mofler Three option , Sir ... ( read again ) " option # 1 : do nothing , return to Washington , deny everything . option # 2 : reduce newtonville to a smoking pile of ash , litter the area with sheep with they eye sewn shut and blame it on ufo 's . " ( close the file ) general conrad I be lean towards two . what 's number three ? colonel mofler option # 3 be a second emission . general conrad so . it 's time to fish or cut bait . ( pause , jaw set ) alright , boy ... we will pee again . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day the " pig " be completely finish . tidman and the staff stand back and gaze at it in wondrous admiration . High up on the scaffold , ike and Mike help the Professor - as - newt pour a smoking liquid into a funnel on the end of the coiled copper " tail " . down on the floor , grandad wheel himself away from the staff , towards a small red button on the " pig 's " underbelly . the professor -as -newt do not pour too quickly . this stuff will come back up at you and burn you hand off at the elbow ... ( as they finish ) very nicely do . now we can climb down and take some liquid refreshment . ike and Mike start to climb down . the Professor - as - newt spot grandad down below , about to touch the small red button . the professor -as - newt ( cont 'd ) grandad , you must not touch that , no , no . grandad smile and point at the red button . the professor -as - newt ( cont 'd ) move away , move away now -- tidman , if grandad be to touch that button , that would be very bad . the Professor - as - newt come down the scaffold , as tidman and the whole staff cautiously move towards grandad , who hold he finger next to the button . tidman and staff ( variously ) grandad , do not touch the button ... that 's a no - no ... bad to push the button , grandad , must not push the button ... grandad push the button . we hear a click , then a roar like a blast furnace inside the " pig " . a panel slide open and a readout appear , count down from : 10:00:00 . the professor -as-newt I be so sorry he do that . that 's very bad . tidman surely you can turn whatever it be off , master newt . the professor -as - newt ( flick tidman on shoulder ) oh no , the plutonium be light now . once you light the plutonium , pffft . tidman ( quietly and completely insane ) ah . so it be a bomb ... the professor-as-newt a real dandy . tidman and how big be you bomb , master newt ? the professor -as-newt oh , very big . some member of the House staff faint dead away . tidman I see . and you be absolutely certain there 's nothing we can do , really ? the professor-as-newt I wish . tidman you would not kid we about something like this , would you , master newt ? the professor -as - newt ( shaking he head ) once you light that plutonium ... tidman how much time have we get ? the professor -as - newt just about enough for one more good cup of coffee . tidman walk to the desert trolley and pour a cup . tidman ( stiff upper lip ) cream and sugar , master newt ? the professor -as -newt please , thank you . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY limit - day just outside city limit , Soldiers finish building a hastily erect sandbag bunker . more soldier complete chalking a white line across the highway with a baseball boundary - line chalking machine . Colonel mofler hold a field phone for General conrad : general conrad I say pee immediately ! -- I do not give a damn about procedure , let 's hose this deck down quick ! CUT to : int . pentagon section six - day some technician be look at the fish book , open to the tuna section , throw switch and turn dial accord to the print instruction . light , bell and whistle be activate . CUT to : ext . space the panel on the side of the satellite slide open the nozzle slide out . the other panel open , a countdown begin : 00:05:00 . as the countdown proceed we notice a large yellow mass loom up behind the satellite . we notice a number of " cheese be made from milk " wrapper meld into the mass . it silently sail past the satellite . CUT to : ext . vinnie' lightning rod - day a long line of hungry , head - bob newtonvillonian be receive little green pie to go , dispense by lorraine and the gangster , all in chef 's hat , from vinnie 's new " take - out window " . wally - as - Horton and jimmie underwood be put up a sign above the window that read : vinnie' GREEN - pie take - out 100 % cheese -free try out red wine and GREEN pie special vinnie move up and down the line , pass out free cigar . CUT to : ext . industrial park - day the plaza between company " a " and company " B " be pack with the delivery truck we see earlier outside Newton manor , with the Delivery Men dolly ton of stuff into both building . the company " a " limo with Bob mcnabb at the wheel skid into view , weaving in and out between the truck , send Delivery Men and they load skyward . in hot pursuit be " sherlock " Watson in the patrol car and the army jeep . CUT to : int . company " B " - day Mr. bigg look down at the truck through a pair of binocular , follow a dolly into company " a " , look up through the binocular and see delbert corrigan look at he through a pair of binocular from company " a " window . they look at each other through the binocular for a while . CUT to : int . canape observation room - day under the supervision of bert , mel and sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice , newt -as - the- Professor be slowly and carefully pack he object back in he sock . the trick Dog jump back and forth over a chair . bert that flight back to Zurich 's leave in less than a hour , Professor . mel how long can it take to pack a sock ? sammy " the stomp " -as-alice I can tell you how long it take to pack a suitcase . ( dab eye with handkerchief ) can either of you recommend a good marriage counselor ? bert ( pause , embarrassed ) I do not seem to remember the Professor have a dog on the plane , do you mel ? CUT to : int . company " a " work area - day worker in blue company " a " jumpsuit scramble like beaver , quickly assemble a large blue " pig " bomb . CUT to : int . company " B " work area - day worker in yellow company " B " jumpsuit scamper around the large yellow " pig " bomb they be quickly put together . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day the entire House staff lie unconscious on the floor . ike and Mike , feel woozy , sit with cold compress on they head . tidman be down he third pitcher of martinis , straight from the pitcher . grandad listen to he record player , wheeling himself around in a circle . the Professor - as - newt sit watch the countdown , sip he coffee . the professor -as - newt ( to tidman , gallow humor ) do you hear the one about the farmer / scientist ? tidman be it a long joke ? the professor -as-newt no , no , we have time . anyway , this farmer / scientist . he be outstanding in he unify field . tidman I see . tidman finish the pitcher . we see the countdown be down to : 00:06:10 . CUT to : ext . outer space the countdown on the satellite continue , not t-minus 00:01:02 and count . a few " cheese be make from milk " wrapper float by . in the distance , the cheese asteroid be tumble around in space . CUT to : int . wally newton be house - day a picture of the perfect , happy family . Horton -as - wally and gordie beam , as polly serve they each a plate of small delicious green pie . a " vinnie 's take - out " bag be on the table . Horton -as - wally sneak a piece of green pie under the table to gucci-gucci the pekingese , who do a backflip of appreciation . CUT to : int . vinnie' lightning rod - day as the gangster turn out batch after batch of green pie in the kitchen , wally -as-horton and lorraine circulate around the jam - pack dining room , where satisfied , head - bob customer be gorging themselves on green pie and red wine . customer ( variously ) best pie I ever eat ... could not believe something that look so simple could taste so good ... the aroma , the flavor , I be in seventh heaven ... I will never eat at home again ... Mr. bigg and he two bodyguard stride in and corner wally - as - Horton . mr. bigg when I pay for a kill , I expect somebody to die and thursby , you number just come up . the bodyguard pull out pistol and point they at wally -as-horton . wally -as-horton snake out he hand and grab both bodyguard by the adam 's apple . wally-as-horton put that away before somebody get hurt ! bodyguard ( munchkine ) yes , Sir , Mr. thursby . wally-as-horton sit down and have some green pie , which we recommend with the house red for a particularly pleasing taste sensation . the bodyguard immediately sit and lorraine set pie and wine in front of they . mr. bigg say , who do you think -- wally-as-horton ( put a finger in bigg ' face ) that 's enough . ( grab bigg by the throat ) there will be no more kill in this town . mr. bigg I agree completely . wally-as-horton sit down , behave yourself and have some delicious green pie and red wine . mr. bigg I be look forward to it . vinnie enter , hold up a handful of paperwork . vinnie I have get the contract prepare . I have decide to make you all full partner . I will have the fella sign first , then you , okay Horton ? wally-as-horton that 's jake with I . partner . vinnie enter the kitchen . lorraine embrace wally-as-horton . lorraine Horton , I always know you be a strong man . I always know you have courage . but this new tenderness ... it 's ... it 's ... ( she cry sweetly ) I just love you ever so much . they kiss . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day tidman be sway at attention , sing " nearer my God to thee " . the Professor - as - newt be count down with the bomb . the professor-as-newt there it be , less than a minute now . fifty -nine , fifty -eight -- be not it interesting how time pass so much more slowly at moment like this -- ( a hint of wistful regret ) no time to solve that one . CUT to : int . roller rink - day the skater have skate away during the night , buzzsave down through the floor and a additional five foot of bedrock . only a mass of hand be visible through the thick dust , circle , circle . the roar be louder than Niagara Falls . Woody and Big Tom be dumbfounded , nearly catatonic , glue to they chair , eye bugging out of they head as they stare at the mad spectacle . Randy , stand nearby , completely oblivious to what 's transpire , still obsessed by the one detail which plague he . randy I still smell gas , Big Tom . Woody 's chair break , splinter out from under he and fall away . he remain freeze in a sit position . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY limit - day General - conrad , Colonel mofler and the Generals be ensconce in the concrete bunker , all wear strange goggle . a soldier pass out think copy of the Washington , D.C. phonebook . colonel mofler ( watch he watch ) t-minus fifteen ... fourteen ... ( etc . ) general conrad hitch up that phonebook , boy , no tell what this sucker will do to you procreative recreational system . the Soldiers all hold the phonebook over they crotch . General conrad already have one tape to the crotch of he cast . general conrad ( cont 'd ) check that tape for I , mofler . CUT to : ext . outer space we see the satellite countdown : 00:00:03 / 00:00:02 / 00:00:01 and as it hit 00:00:00 the beep crescendos and go silent for one brief moment . then , the satellite produce a emission . ; we see a small burst of light shoot from the nozzle and hear a sound like a sharp slam on a ping - pong ball . CUT to : ext . outer space high angle , look down on the United States . the emission , a short piece of light , enter the earth 's atmosphere and head down towards Kansas . CUT to : ext . aerial shot - day a mile above newtonville , look straight down at the center of town . the emission descend down , strike the center of town and a giant " X " of light form over the entire city . from the center of the " X " , a line of light spiral out like a watch spring . when it reach the edge of town the entire " X " rotate 90 degree and stop . CUT to : int . vinnie' lightning rod - day in the middle of he passionate kiss with lorraine , wally -as-horton disappear and it replace by the Professor-as - newt-now -horton . he stop kissing lorraine . we notice that the green pie have turn red and the red wine have turn green . Alice - as - sammy " the stomp " be now sing a operatic aria . the professor -as - newt-now-horton let I clarify something ; be I in Heaven ? be you a angel ? lorraine see what I mean ? this day you say the sweetest thing . and who ever know you be such a wonderful cook . I hope this do not frighten you , but I suddenly find myself fill with maternal longing . the professor-as -newt-now-horton frighten I ? it 's the best news I have have since the discovery of sub-atmoic particle . she look at he with the slight touch of curiosity . CUT to : int . company " a " canape room - day carry he sock , newt -as - the- Professor move down a line , shaking the hand of company " a " employee as he depart . the trick Dog , bert , mel and sammy " the stomp " - as- Alice trail behind he . just as he reach delbert corrigan and Simone , newt -as - the- Professor disappear and wally -as-horton - now - the- Professor appear in he place . the trick Dog be the only one who notice the switch ; he growl and bite wally -as-horton - now - the Professor 's ankle . wally-as-horton-now - the Professor point a finger and glare bumblebee eye at he ; the trick Dog leap up into he arm and lick he face . delbert corrigan extend a hand . delbert corrigan Professor , it 's be a absolute delight -- wally-as-horton-now-the-professor ( with a finger ) first of all , that be absolutely the worst cafeteria food I have ever taste in my life . delbert corrigan shrink back , shocked . Simone aggressively intercede . simone you get a lotta nerve , you fruitcake -- wally-as-horton-now-the-professor ( the finger ) that 's enough . she slam on the brake . wally-as-horton-now-the-professor you two ought to spend a little more time think about tenderness . and cooking . wally-as-horton-now - the Professor move along the line , leave the bewilder corrigan behind . delbert corrigan perhaps we should try a little tenderness . sammy " the stomp " - as - Alice , as if in a trance , sing " try a Little tenderness " , ala otis redding . simone delbert , have you ever see a woman my age do something like this ? she leap up , grab the pipe of the sprinkler system and do a one - arm chin-up . delbert corrigan definitely a little tenderness . CUT to : int . wally newton be house - day horton-as - wally sit at the dinner table with polly and gordie . Horton - as - wally disappear and newt-as - the Professor - now - wally appear in he place . they look at each other . the pie be now red and the wine be green . newt-as-the professor-now-wally ( struggle to form the word ) I be ... so ... happy . polly so be I , darling . gordie I , too , dad . I feel so good about we family . newt-as-the professor-now-wally can I pee ? polly of course you can , wally . newt-as - the Professor -now - wally rise and start towards the bathroom . gucci-gucci leap into he arm and lick he fact . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day the Professor - as - newt vanish from he place beside the " pig " bomb , where the countdown be at : 00:00:16 . horton-as-wally -now - the Professor appear in he place , near a completely sloshed tidman . the " pig " be emit a irritation whining noise that rise in pitch and intensity . tidman perhaps it shall be a finer place we go to , leave behind this veil of tear -- ( countdown at :00:00:09 ) -- where we fortune rise and fall on the seas of destiny like a tiny ship , where a action once set in motion cannot be reverse -- mother , I will be home soon , in fact ... ( squint at the countdown ) ... in about another three second -- horton -as-wally-now-the professor hold you horse , tea bag , we be not go anywhere . horton-as-wally -now - the Professor whip out he .357 Magnum and drill the " pig " right between the " eye " . the " pig 's " jaw drop open and a loud " oink " escape . the irritate noise cut out and the countdown stop ; the last second stop halfway to zero . tidman look over at he , look at the " pig " , look back at Horton - as - wally - now - the Professor . tidman martini , master newt ? horton -as-wally-now-the professor shaken not stir . CUT to : int . roller rink - day the skater head be visible , go around and around the rink . the roar be louder than two Niagara Falls . Woody and Big Tom remain stare at it , catatonically . CUT to : ext . aerial angle - day the glow " X " over newtonville vanish . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY limit - day the Army officer remove they goggle and peak out over the top of the bunker . the smoke and dust clear , revealing the seventy texans and chinese acrobat seat on fold chair , in front of a raise dais , where Mayor billy benson address they over a p.a. system , with " hail to the Chief " play in background . mayor billy benson ( oratorical fervor ) one office ... one man / one world ... one people . Three army jeep shoot by in reverse , follow by " sherlock " Watson in the patrol car and the company " a " limo , also in reverse . a cow in front of the bunker turn to the Generals and let out a melodic yodel . General conrad turn to Colonel mofler . general conrad pee again . colonel mofler ( into a field phone ) pee again ! through the smoke we see the tap dance heinz 57 bottle , do complicated time step down the highway . CUT to : ext . outer space the nozzle on the satellite let go with another emission . the bolt of light zip past the float cheese meteor and head towards Earth . CUT to : ext . aerial shot - day a mile above newtonville , look straight down at the center of from the center of the " X " , a line of light spiral out like a watch spring . when it reach the edge of town the entire " X " rotate another 90 degree , stop and hover over the town . CUT to : ext . rollerrink - day the wheel on the sign lazily revolve . the roar from inside be go . bird sing . int . rollerrink - day the skater be go . the crater where the rink once stand remain . the silence be shatter . freed from they trance , Big Tom and Woody blink at the emptiness . Big Tom shake he head , emerge from a deep confusion . woody ( not without bitterness ) ridin ' high in April ... shot down in May . over to the side , with a look of sudden alarm , be Randy . randy Big Tom , I still smell -- Randy spontaneously combust , leave behind a small pile of ash and a pear-shape smudge on the wall . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY light - day the Generals climb out of the bunker and the dust clear , revealing empty chair in front of the dais . they move up to close to the cow stand in front of the bunker . it moos . colonel mofler I think it work . general conrad just go to prove a old say of mine : two wrong do not make a right . but three do . CUT to : ext . newton manor - day sunlight , bird , shady tree . peace . in the far distance , we see a foursome of golfers on the green of the fifteenth hole of the newtonville country Club . CUT to : int . newton manor rocking horse room - day horton-as-wally -now - the Professor disappear and newt , just newt , take he place , hold he sock , a piece of green pie and a fork . the room be empty , except for tidman , slouched in a chair , and grandad , who turn around in he wheelchair , see newt and stop short . they look at each other and smile . CUT to : ext . newton manor - day a bolt of lightning shoot down out of the clear blue sky . CUT to : int . rocking horse room - day the lightning bolt zap through a open window and strike newt in newt ( blink he eye , articulate ) grandfather , the star and funny animal be go . grandfather , I have so many thing to tell you . tidman try to clear he head , can not believe what he 's see . CUT to : ext . newton manor - day one of the golfers , now on the sixteenth tee , hit he drive , a tower smash that we follow up into the air , slice severely to the right and head directly for a window on the second floor of the manor . CUT to : int . rocking horse room - day newt ( cont 'd ) I want to live here with you , with you and tidman , chef Pierre and the rest of the staff , forever and ever and -- the golf ball smashes through the window and hit newt in the head . his eye get that starry / funny animal look again . he smile . newt ( cont 'd ) rock -'em -sock -'em . grandad turn to tidman , point at newt and smile . grandad that 's newt . CUT to : ext . newtonville CITY limit - day the Generals and Colonel mofler , gather off to the side , shake they head , toe the ground and mutter . General conrad sit envelop in the top of the giant cheese meteor , send a slow burn towards the heaven . CUT to : ext . industrial plaza - day the building of company " a " and company " B " have merge into one giant green building , with the letter " ab " on top . wally-as-horton-now - the Professor be at the curb with bert , mel , Alice ( just Alice ) and the Professor 's bag . wally-as-horton-now - the Professor disappear and the Professor , just the Professor appear in he place . the limo pull up , look brand new , with the insignia " ab " on the door . the three chef and the tap Dancing heinz 57 bottle climb out . Bob mcnabb , behind the wheel , wave to Alice . bob mcnabb hello , duck . alice hello , love . CUT to : ext . aerial shot - day look down on newtonville , the large , glow " X " disappear . CUT to : ext . company " ab " - day the Professor be just about to get into the limo when we hear a raucous alarm blaring from the green building and the scientist we have see , from both company , come run out , all wear green jumpsuit . scientist ( variously ) stop he ! ... Professor ! we have a emergency ! ... do not let he get in that car ! ... bert and mel , bring he back inside ! alice for goodness sake , he will miss he plane . scientist # 1 there be not go to be any plane if he do not get inside fast ! bert Professor , will you come with we please ? mel it 's a inconvenience , but it do sound urgent . they pick he up by the elbow and hustle he back towards the green building . they be follow by the three chef and the tap Dancing heinz 57 bottle . the professor ( set off a think ) here 's yet another example ; time be go by so slowly and suddenly the universe seem to curve back in on itself . CUT to : int . company " ab " - day the Professor be carry into a large room by bert and mel , sweep along with the scientist and the rest of the group that be outside . a nervous crowd be gather around a huge , green double - head " pig " bomb . the countdown panel have sly open and the countdown be count down from : 00:00 : 27 . beside it be a large chalkboard with a formula write on it : ii x pig ^2 x C = ( bob ) the scientist crowd around the Professor . scientist ( variously , accuse each other ) he push the button ... no , you push the button ... it be a accident ... I do not mean to do it ... scientist # 1 this could be a catastrophe of unprecedented proportion ! the professor ( sniff the air , they ) no , no , you get it all wrong . the countdown continue . the Professor sidle over to the blackboard and point to the formula . the professor ( cont 'd ) let I explain something ( point to the formula ) " pi " time " permutation interact geometrically " , and it go without say arbitrarily -- the countdown be at : 00:00:12 . people be praying , weep , ducking and cover . the professor ( cont 'd ) -- time the speed of light , which be very fast I can tell you , equal -- ( point to the first " b ) -- bomb . a huge groan from the crowd . the professor ( cont 'd ) -- however , let I direct you attention to this little " 2 " , do you see ? this mean " pig " square and we can clearly discern , or lucerne where my grandmother 's from , that this pig have two head . which bring we back to " bob " -- b - of - b -- bomb or barbecue . the crowd be totally bewilder . the countdown reach zero . both mouth of the " pig " head drop open , we hear two loud " oink " . a panel in the side of the " pig " slide open and a large mass of sticky , brownish - red substance glop out onto the floor . the crowd let out a collective sigh of relief . a incredibly delicious aroma fill the air . the professor ( cont 'd ) so unless I miss my guess we be look at and smell the best barbecue sauce in the whole darn world . the three chef be the first to step forward , fill with trepidation and envy . they cautiously dip they finger in the sauce and taste it . the incredibly delicious sauce completely overwhelm they . chef # 1 ( almost in tear ) twenty year we at heinz have be search for a sauce like this . chef #2 manna from heaven . the crowd press forward to taste the sauce , which quickly degenerate into a spectacle not unlike a frenzied pack of piranha feed on a bloat zebra . CUT to : int . cinderblock room in a nearby fallout shelter , Mr. bigg and delbert corrigan , wear big goggle and blast suit , watch the above proceedings on video monitor . mr. bigg ( speak over a intercom ) we be on the phone to heinz now ' we will deal , we will deal -- do not eat all that sauce , do not let they eat all that sauce -- delbert corrigan ( overlap , on a phone ) Mr. heinz , Mr. heinz , we have the ultimate sauce -- no , not just steak sauce , it will go on everything -- ( cover the phone , over intercom ) do not eat all that sauce !! CUT to : int . large room - day the crowd continue to feed . the Professor stand alone , with mel , bert and Alice . the Professor , tracking down another think , whistle , grab a handful of empty air and snap he finger . the professor time . bert yes , it be time . Professor -- mel if we hurry you can still catch you plane . they pick he up by the elbow and hustle he out . Alice follow CUT to : int . company " ab " - day bert and mel carry the Professor towards the limo . the professor ( snap he finger , to himself ) time ( he whistle ) time . mr. bigg' voice just one minute ! delbert corrigan I say , hold on ! they stop . Mr. bigg , delbert corrigan and Simone rush out of the building to they . bigg and corrigan wear green suit , Simone wear some green , high - fashion weirdness . delbert corrigan Professor , company " ab " be prepare to offer you a seven figure contract -- mr. bigg stock option , access to the corporate jet -- delbert corrigan first rate health and dental coverage -- mr. bigg and you own key to the executive washroom . delbert corrigan for life . the professor ( look they up and down ) how do you do . ( he shake they hand ) my name be Professor Hugo Zinzermacher . Hugo you way , und I will go mine . the Professor get into the limo , turn back to mel and bert and give they a big smile . the professor ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas / everywhere I go ... ( and so on ) the limo drive off CUT to : int . computer panel - day extreme close up on the saliva bubble , catch between the copper wire . it pop . Music in . Bing crosby 's version of " it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas " CUT to : ext . heinz 57 plant - day Music continue over . the texans and the chinese acrobat , work together , make the last adjustment on the sign above the plant , as they install a huge " 8 " next to the " 5 " and slowly lower the " 7 " to the ground . the sign now read : heinz 58 CUT to : ext . wally newton be house - day Music continue over . a move van be park in the driveway of the house next door . mover be carry box and furniture into the house . kide on pogo stick bounce up and down the street . wally , a visibly pregnant polly and gordie come out of they house with a sack of green pie take - out from vinnie 's and move to the fence between the house , where they shake hand with they new neighbor , Horton thursby and a visibly pregnant lorraine . polly give lorraine the take - out food . roll credit dissolve to : ext . wally and horton' house - day Music continue over . wally and Horton be both mow they lawn gordie bounce around on he pogo stick , pack two six shooter . a horn honk , they all look up and wave , as a massive , convertible isotta fraschini touring car drive by , tidman at the wheel , newt and grandad in the rear . they wave . newt honk he rubber horn as the car move out of sight . polly and lorraine , chat over the fence , both carry they new bear infant , wave to the pass car . as the car move on , polly and lorraine return to they conversation , fussing over the baby . the infant be dead ringer for wally and Horton . fade to black : the end back to the unproduce work page