ext . work farm - nightfall all we see be a elevate shot of the distant mountain , roll landscape and mcmurphy -- one cheek laid - open and crust over with dry blood , he face and prison work clothes cake with dry sweat and dust -- as he sit on the very top of a water tower watch the last ray of sunlight . a long moment pass before mcmurphy 's attention be draw elsewhere and he look down . reverse shot - mcmurphy's Pov Far below , in the prison yard a man be see hurry acrcss the yard where he join a group of man compose of armed prison guard , official , and medic -- a stretcher , a ambulance , a fire truck and safety net spread out at the base of the water tower . the man be see talk to the official , then a bullhorn be hand to he and they all look up at mcmurphy . mcmurphy as he look down at they , a searchlight be turn on he . man ( v.o. ) ( through bullhorn ) mcmurphy ! this be Doctor shankle , from the infirmary . can you hear I ? mcmurphy do not respond . shankle ( v.o. ) ( through bullhorn ) can you hear I , mcmurphy ? mcmurphy do not respond . another searchlight go on as a second voice be picked up on the bullhorn . second voice ( through bullhorn ) why do not we blast ' im , for Christ sake , he be not gonna come down ... you ... the bullhorn be turned off . a long moment pass as mcmurphy continue to squat on the tower and wait . he shiver against the come night when ... shankle ( v.o. ) ( through bullhorn ) mcmurphy ! I have the warden 's promise . if you come down , nobody will hurt you ! you will be in my custody ! I promise ! a imperceptible smile appear on mcmurphy 's face . int . men' dorm - oregon state hospital - dawn strange humming sound , clanking pipe and hissing radiator as we see bed , with patient lie asleep , line two wall . the third wall be a heavy gauge steel grill , with a door that open on to the day room . the door be open . on the far side of the day room , a long hallway with other door open into room : the latrine , washroom , tub room , mess hall , seclusion room , psychiatrist 's office , visitor ' room , etc . across the day room , a glass enclose nurse ' station where turkle , a negro night attendant , be see prepare to go off duty . the camera pan the bed in the man 's dorm . one man turn , another twist , a third lie as if dead . camera pan end on bromden , who lie still , eye wide open , very alert . he reach down , pluck a stale piece of gum from under the bed frame , put it in he mouth and start chew . a beat , then bromden carefully undoe the leather strap which bind he to the bed . he slip out of bed and quietly make he way down the aisle , pay no attention to the other patient , some of who be beginning to stir awake . ahead , at the end of the hallway , the door open and three negro day attendant , WASHINGTON , warren and miller , dress in white uniform , enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room . bromden continue he silent journey towards the day room as turkle emerge from the side door to the nurse ' lounge , go up the hallway as miss pilbow , the day nurse , come in , pass turkle on the way out . she cross to the nurse ' station and enter as bromden reach the day room . int . day room - day as bromden make he way across the day room , past the nurse ' station , unnotice by miss pilbow who be busy prepare the day 's medication . bromden be slide along the hallway wall , when he be suddenly cut off by a mop which thud against one side of he neck . a second mop yoke he on the other side . bromden freeze . terrify . miller where you goin ' , Chief ? warren you goin ' t'see the Big White fathuh ? WASHINGTON he goin ' t'see the Big White muthuh ... they cackle , leg jiving , as the ammonia sting bromden 's eye and burn he nose . he try to twist he head , but Washington jam the mop harder . bromden freeze , panic spread across he face . WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) haw , look at ' im , big ' nough to eat apple off my head a ' he mine I like a baby ... a key be heard hit the lock in the main door . Washington very adroitly release bromden , hand he the mop , and turn , along with Warren and Miller , to they duty , as big nurse enter the ward . three attendant ( simultaneously , as Big nurse pass ) mornin ' , miss ratched ... big nurse good morning , boy . she sweep by and disappear into the nurse ' station . the three attendant put they mop and rag aside and start towards the men' dorm , leave bromden press against the wall , mop in hand . int . nurse ' station as Big nurse enter to be greet by miss pilbow , who wear a enormous cross between she breast . miss pilbow good morning , miss ratched . it 's a beautiful day , be not it ? big nurse mean old Monday , miss pilbow , mean old Monday ... ( she flip on the intercom ) good morning , boy . rise and shine . rise and shine . int . men' dorm - day as Washington , Warren and Miller roust the patient out of bed . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ) time to get up ! come on now , it 's a beautiful day ! let 's not straggle ! everybody up , up , up ! the chronic be physically help out of bed as the acute , who can handle themselves , cross out into the Day room , rub the sleep out of they eye . Big nurse step out of the nurse ' Station . Washington and Warren be hustling the patient toward the washroom . Miller stay behind , stripping blastic 's bed and roll up he mattress . int . day room - day as the acute straggle past Big nurse . big nurse good morning , mister sefelt ... good morning , mister fredrickson . good morning , billy , I speak to you mother last night and she send she love ... good morning , mister harding ... good morning , mister cheswick . mister scanlon ... bromden come drift by , go in the opposite direction . Big nurse take he hand and reach up and pat he face . big nurse ( cont 'd ) oh , mister bromden ... ( call out ) mister Washington ! Washington come run . WASHINGTON yes , miss ratched ? big nurse mister Washington , why do not we get a good head start on the day by shave mister bromden and see if we can not avoid a disturbance . WASHINGTON ( take bromden by the hand ) yes , miss ratched ... int . washroom - day the patient be busy wash and shave . Warren be assist a vegetable wash himself as Washington guide bromden through a cage- like partition ... where a antique barber chair stand . WASHINGTON ( call as he go ) Warren ! he sit bromden down and strap he band and leg in , then plug the electric shaver in and turn it on and bring the buz instrument towards bromden 's face . bromden turn away . WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) ( shouting out ) get you black ass in here ! Warren prop the vegetable up against the sink . warren tha 's it ... be right back ! Warren leave ; the old man start slide . quick CUT to : bromden as Warren enter and take a firm grip on bromden 's head and Washington go to work on bromden 's face . camera push into extreme closeup of bromden 's fearfully distort face as the buz SOUND of the electric razor intensifies until it be insupportable . quick CUT to : int . day room - day no sound as we see Big nurse watch the last few patient file past the side door to the nurse ' Station where miss pilbow hand out little cup with pill . Washington stand by , check to see each man take he pill before fill they cup with orange juice . the last patient take he pill and return to he place in the Day room . miss pilbow close the window . satisfied that all be well , Big nurse turn on a old 45 record player with a stack of record , then she settles down to she work as a soft , nostalgic number from the ' 40' be heard over loudspeaker . camera begins slow pan of the Day room . the patient , under the influence of drug , have settle down for the day . harding be play card with martini , cheswick and billy . sefelt and fredrickson be put a jigsaw puzzle together in brotherly love . sorensen be off by himself , rub he hand clean . taber , pencil in hand , sit ponder over a blank piece of paper . scanlon pace back and forth . on the chronic ' side of the room , ruckly be turn a grimy photograph over in he hand . bancini sit wag he head , mumble over and over , " tire , awful tired ... " ellis stand against the wall , arm outstretch , hand nail to the wall by imaginary nail . bromden be push a mop around . Washington , Warren and Miller be in the men' dorm make up the chronic ' bed when o.s. the telephone ring . CUT to : int . nurse ' station - day as miss pilbow pick up the phone . miss pilbow eighty-two , miss pilbow speak ... yes ... ( she make a note and hang it ) ... New admission , miss ratched ... miss pilbow go to the mirror , quickly preens herself , then turn and flip the intercom on . miss pilbow ( cont 'd ) ( over loudspeaker ) mister Washington ! mister Warren ! she exit . CUT to : int . day room as miss pilbow exit nurse ' station and head down the hallway , Washington and Warren on she heel . Miller look wistfully after they . CUT to : int . MAIN entrance - state hospital - day staff personnel be see move in and out of the main entrance where a state penitentiary car be park . a deputy sheriff lean on the fender smoking a cigarette as second deputy sheriff come out of the building and motion down to first deputy , who crush he cigarette out , then open the rear door to the car . deputy sheriff ( to a unseen occupant ) okay , let 's go . a long beat , then mcmurphy slowly emerge from the car . he 's wear handcuffs and dress in fade jeans , flannel work shirt , leather jacket , black motorcycle cap , and heavy black boot . he 's be scrubbed clean and have a Band - Aid on he cheek . mcmurphy do a couple of knee bend to get the kink out of he leg as deputy reach in the car and take out a small gym bag contain mcmurphy 's belonging . deputy sheriff ( cont 'd ) let 's move it ... mcmurphy go up the stair , follow by the deputy , and cross into the building . int . MAIN build - day as mcmurphy enter the building follow by the deputy , where nurse pilbow , mcmurphy 's folder in hand , and Washington and Warren stand wait -- all in a pleasant , receptive mood . first deputy hand mcmurphy 's gym bag to Washington , who hand it to Warren . second deputy okay , this be it ! mcmurphy turn and hold out he hand . as cuff be remove , mcmurphy impulsively take hold of the deputy 's head and plant a kiss on he forehead . second deputy ( cont 'd ) ( squirming out of mcmurphy 's grasp ) Jesus , you be crazy , mcmurphy . mcmurphy yeah , be not that the truth . deputy sheriff ( to miss pilbow ) he 's all yours , miss . miss pilbow thank you , Officer ... the two deputy start down the stair . mcmurphy so long , fella ... the two deputy merely shrug they back at mcmurphy who take a deep breath of fresh air . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) yes , sir , it 's a mighty nice fall day ... miss pilbow this way , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy yes , mar 'am ... mcmurphy follow nurse pilbow into the hallway as the door close behind they . CUT to : int . hallway - day other staff member be administrative personnel be see as mcmurphy walk alongside nurse pilbow , who be noticeably nervous by he close proximity . Washington and Warren casually bring up the rear . mcmurphy ( as he peel the Band - Aid off , revealing a scar ) I tell ya , this goons shower I at the courthouse this morning , last night at the jail , and I swear they would have swab my ear out on the way over if they could have find the facility ... a young japanese nurse , name itsu , pass by . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) ( to nurse itsu ) hey , how ya doin ' , cutie ? nurse itsu okay . how you do ? mcmurphy just great ! ( call after she ) see ya around ! nurse itsu laugh and disappear around the corner . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) ( to nurse pilbow ) yes , sir , I sure be gonna enjoy my stay here . miss pilbow I be sure you will . mcmurphy ( to nurse pilbow ) ya know , I be not never be in a institution of psychology before . miss pilbow oh ... they arrive at the ward door . nurse pilbow unlock the door and open it as ... mcmurphy yeah , I be here on a ninety - day observation period . short -timer , like they say ... Soft nostalgic music be heard over . miss pilbow of course . ( indicate door ) mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy after you , mar 'am . miss pilbow thank you . nurse pilbow enter the ward and mcmurphy watch she cross the visitor ' area to a heavy - gauge steel screen wall , with security gate which she open . mcmurphy ( to Washington and Warren as they step into ward ) man , there sure be a awful lot of poontang around here . spivey ( call ) hold it ! mcmurphy turn to see doctor spivey approach . spivey ( cont 'd ) good morning , boy . WASHINGTON and warren ( simultaneously as spivey pass into the ward ) mornin ' , Doctor spivey . spivey great day for fishing . WASHINGTON and warren ( simultaneously ) yes , sir ! the door close . camera hold on sign that read : smile at the next face you see . it may save he life . mcmurphy ( o.s. ) yeah , I be just think the same thing , Doc ... CUT to : int . ward - day as mcmurphy , spivey , Washington and Warren cross the visitor ' area towards nurse pilbow , who stand hold the security gate open . at the far end of the hallway , which open into the day room , patient can be see . spivey ( to mcmurphy ) oh , what 's that ? mcmurphy why , I will betcha there must be a million albacore and tuna run of the coast right this minute . spivey oh , do you do much fishing ? as they pass through the security gate : mcmurphy Fish ! Hell , Doc , I would like to have a nickel for every fish I land between Point conception and the Alaska coast ... Washington and Warren continue down the hallway , pass sefelt , who shyly approach and wait at a respectful distance . spivey ( to mcmurphy ) be that so ? mcmurphy yup ! worked right outta depoe Bay for just about every season since I be able to haul my own weight . spivey my , my ... ah , who be you ? mcmurphy mcmurphy , doc. r.p. mcmurphy . they shake hand . nurse pilbow mister mcmurphy be a new admission . spivey ah , yes . well , we must talk soon , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy you bet , doc. spivey turn to sefelt . spivey good morning , Jim . how be you feel ? sefelt ( approach and point to he mouth ) Doc , my gung hurt I . spivey start check out sefelt 's mouth . nurse pilbow this way , mister mcmurphy . as mcmurphy follow nurse pilbow down the hall , spivey 's voice trail after he . spivey ( o.s. ) have you be take you dilantin , Jim ? sefelt ( o.s. ) uh-huh ... spivey ( o.s. ) well , we will send you over to the dentist and see what he can do . okay ? sefelt ( o.s. ) okay , Doc ! mcmurphy and nurse pilbow reach the day room . miss pilbow make yourself at home , mister mcmurphy ... mcmurphy thank you , mar 'am , nurse pilbow enter the nurse ' station , close the door behind she . next to the door be a bulletin board which , among other bit of information , read : today be monday september 30 , 1963 . the next meal be lunch . the next holiday be halloween . another notice read : sign up now ! basketball tournament staff versus patient . Washington , Warren , Miller there be no other name list . sefelt pass by . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) hi. sefelt hi. sefelt cross into the day room where he join fredrickson , who be put a jigsaw puzzle together . int . day room - day as mcmurphy drift into the room and look around . the room be as it be . the music end . there be a click . mcmurphy 's attention be draw to the nurse ' station . mcmurphy's Pov of nurse ' station where miss pilbow be see through a large plate glass window , busy type a nameplate for mcmurphy . Big nurse , she back to mcmurphy , be turn over a stack of record . she press the phonograph button . a record fall on the turntable and music begins as she turn and see mcmurphy . another angle mcmurphy smile and tip he hat to Big nurse . Big nurse smile back and take she seat . mcmurphy turn and drift into the day room . Big nurse look up and study he . mcmurphy catch the eye of a patient , sit by himself . mcmurphy how ya doin ' , buddy ? patient poorly , thank you . mcmurphy oh , yeah ? what 's ail ya ? patient I get the fever . mcmurphy well , that 's too bad ... taber , pencil and paper in hand , cross to mcmurphy and tap he on the shoulder . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) yeah , buddy ? taber be you a doctor ? mcmurphy no , ' fraid not ... taber walk away . martini tug at mcmurphy 's sleeve . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) yeah , buddy ? martini can you borrow I a dime ? mcmurphy sorry , buddy , I be clean outta change ... scanlon move in . scanlon get a cigarette ? mcmurphy sure ... martini I too ! I too ! as mcmurphy hand out he cigarettes bromden drift by , mop in hand . mcmurphy hey , how 's it look up there , big boy ? scanlon he can not hear you . he 's just a deaf and dumb indian ! mcmurphy that right ? harding ( o.s. ) martini , it 's you turn ! martini be stare off into space . harding ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) martini ! mcmurphy ( to martini ) you buddy be callin ' ya . martini cross back to the card game as taber return . mcmurphy what 's troubling ya , buddy ? taber I want you to write I a letter to my brother for a hundred dollar to bury I . mcmurphy you look pretty healthy to I . taber ( cont 'd ) I be the next one . mcmurphy how do ya know that ? taber ( cont 'd ) because I quit breathe . mcmurphy you be breathin ' right now . taber walk away . mcmurphy watch he go . nearby , a old vegetable squeak . mcmurphy ( crossing to he ) what 's that , pop ? the old man squeak again . mcmurphy ( lean in close ) can not hear ya , old - timer . old vegetable ai not this a pisser ? mcmurphy Hell , compare to where I just come from , this be a country club . mcmurphy cross to the card game and stand watch the game . mcmurphy whatcha boy playin' ? billy h-h-heart . mcmurphy shoot ! no wonder you do not care nothin ' ' bout showin ' you hand . billy hold he hand close to he chest . mcmurphy what 's you name , buddy ? billy b-b-billy . mcmurphy well , put 'er there , billy boy , my name 's mcmurphy . they shake hand . mcmurphy what I wanna know be who 's the top loony around here ? billy ( cont 'd ) y-y - you m-mean th- the pr-president of the p-p-patient C - Council ? mcmurphy yeah , that will do for opener ! billy ( cont 'd ) ( to harding ) h-h-hard , the m-m-man w-want to t-talk to you , y- you be the pr-pr pr ... harding do he have a appointment ? cheswick yeah , do you have a appointment ? mcmurphy what for ? cheswick ( to harding ) what for ? harding I be a busy man ! cheswick ( to mcmurphy ) he 's a busy man ! a beat ; then : mcmurphy I can wait ... mcmurphy pick up a chair and sit down right next to harding and look at he . another beat ; then : harding ( to mcmurphy ) what be you do ? mcmurphy I be see what a busy man do . harding , very nervous at mcmurphy 's proximity , turn back to the game . harding you turn , martini ! martini be lose in the cloud . harding ( cont 'd ) martini , throw a card ! martini throw a diamond . harding ( cont 'd ) no , throw a club ! cheswick yeah , throw a club ! martini throw a spade . harding do not you have any club ? martini no ! harding let I see you hand ! martini no ! harding ( slamm he card ) well , if you gentleman will excuse I , I have some press matter to attend to . harding get up and cross to the hallway , gather he pride as he go . mcmurphy slide into harding 's seat and rake all the card in . mcmurphy yessir , that 's why I come to this establishment for , to bring you bird fun and entertainment ' round the gamin ' table ... mcmurphy fan the deck out and lay it on the table . everyone 's eye pop as he scoops the card up in one movement -- he 's a card shark , a magician -- leave the acute with they mouth hang open . mcmurphy easy now , do not smudge them , we get lot of game ahead of we ... big nurse ( o.s. ) mister mcmurphy ! mcmurphy turn to see Big nurse approach , Washington casually bring up the rear . mcmurphy yes , mar 'am ... big nurse ( cont 'd ) ( hand he he bag ) will you come with I , please . mcmurphy ( rise ) hold the fort down , will ya , fella ! billy sure , mack ! mcmurphy walk with she toward the man 's dorm . big nurse my name be miss ratched . I be the head nurse here . you have already meet miss pilbow and aide Washington and Warren . mcmurphy yes , mar 'am . Big nurse and mcmurphy stop at the security gate to the men' dorm where Miller open the gate . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister Miller , this be mister mcmurphy , who will be stay with we . greeting be exchange as they pass through . int . men' dorm - day as Big nurse and mcmurphy cross down the aisle . big nurse we do appreciate the way you have take it upon yourself to meet the other patient . mcmurphy thank you , mar 'am ... Big nurse stop at a empty bed where Warren be turn the mattress down . big nurse this be you bed . you may leave you thing in that cabinet . mcmurphy yes , mar 'am ... big nurse please use you time to familiarize yourself with you new home and if there be anything you need to know , do not hesitate to ask we . mcmurphy now that you mention it , I sure would like to call my aunt up in Portland and tell 'er where I be so she can come visit I . big nurse all in good time , mister mcmurphy . all in good time . mcmurphy yes , mar 'am . big nurse good . now if you will just go along with mister Washington , he will see that you be properly orient . mcmurphy do not move . big nurse ( cont 'd ) be there anything else ? mcmurphy just that I be glad to be here , miss ratched . I really be . big nurse good . I be sure we will be friend . they smile , size up each other . mcmurphy yeah , you be not half so bad look for a head nurse . big nurse yes . now go along , mister mcmurphy . go along . mcmurphy yes , mar 'am . ( to Washington ) lead the way , Sam . they cross out of the man 's dorm . Big nurse watch they go . spivey ( v.o. ) what other work have you do ? int . doctor spivey' office - day Doctor spivey be seat behind he desk , on which be several glass - frame photo of spivey 's family , plus a nameplate : JOHN M. spivey , M.D. , and mcmurphy 's papers . mcmurphy , freshly shower and wear hospital - issue clothes , sit face he . mcmurphy Hell , Doc , I have be everything from a hoopla man with a two - bit carny show to a top mechanic and bull goose catskinner for every gypo loggin ' operation in the Northwest till the Army teach I what my natural bent be . spivey oh , what be that ? mcmurphy poker ! spivey I see . mcmurphy yeah , but you know how society persecute a dedicated man . spivey ( cont 'd ) in what way ? mcmurphy they say I be a habitual hassler . like I fight some . sheeut . they do not mind so much when I be a dumb logger and get into a hassle . that 's a hardworkin ' feller blow off steam , they say . but if you be a gambler , all you have to do be spit slantwise and you be a goddamn criminal . spivey I see ... mcmurphy to tell the truth , ever since I find my natural callin ' I do time in so many small - time jail I could write a brochure ... spivey yes ... ah , do you know why you be here ? mcmurphy well , ya know , Doc ... ( indicate he papers ) do not it say so there ? spivey ( look over papers ) well , accord to the warden at pendleton , you be a disturbing influence on other . ' it appear that there be a potential in he for instigate a revolt among the other inmate . ' ( look up at mcmurphy ) what do you think of that report ? mcmurphy I do not , Doc ... spivey ( go back to papers ) arrested on a assault charge five time ... mcmurphy that 's correct , Doc ... spivey ( read from folder ) the doctor at the prison state : ' do not overlook the possibility that this man may be fake psychosis to escape the drudgery of the work farm ...' what do you say to that ? mcmurphy Doc , what can I tell ya ? spivey ah , it seem you have no other psychiatric history , mister Murphy ? mcmurphy no , this be my first trip , Doc . spivey ( close folder and sit back ) well , you be here for a ninety - day observation period , mister mcmurphy . I would like you to understand you be here on a court order and we be responsible to the state . so , I would like you cooperation ! mcmurphy you bet , Doc ! spivey good. good . int . day room - day camera be on Big nurse as she stand , in front of a chair , do a deep breathe exercise . the patient and staff , stand in front of chair arrange in a circle , follow suit as best they can . after a couple of exercise Big nurse sit . the other do the same except bancini , who remain stand , wag he head back and forth . bancini I be tired . whew . o Lord . oh , I be awful tired ... big nurse ( busy with she papers ) somebody please see to mister bancini , so we can start the meeting . billy do ... gently lay a hand on bancini . billy t-t-t-take it e-e-easy , p -p-p Pete ... bancini awful tired ... billy gently ease bancini into he chair and sit beside he , patting he skinny knee . big nurse at the close of Friday 's meeting , we be discuss mister harding 's problem , concern he wife ... ( read from logbook ) mister harding state that he wife make he uneasy because she draw stare from man on the street . be that correct , mister harding ? harding yes , that 's perfectly correct . big nurse ( read ) he also think he may have give she reason to seek sexual attention elsewhere , but he do not say how . he have be hear to say to he wife , ' I hate you , I do not ever want to see you again . you have betrayed I . ' ( she close book ) so. do anyone care to touch upon this further ? Big nurse wait . a long beat . harding sit , chew he nail , tensely wait , almost want someone to begin . the patient shift uncomfortably , look in all direction . mcmurphy look around to see what will follow , when he see Ellis , nail to the wall ; he pants leg darken and a puddle of piss form at he foot . mcmurphy look to see if Big nurse or the aide have notice . if they have , no one pay any attention . mcmurphy fidget in he seat , then get up , cross to Ellis , unhook he from the wall , and move he over a few foot . the other patient be aghast at this move , look at each other quizzically . Big nurse merely watch . mcmurphy cross back to he chair and sit . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister mcmurphy , this ward be a democratic community run by the patient and they vote , so you should feel at ease in you new surroundings to the extent you can freely discuss emotional problem in front of the patient and staff . however , the cardinal rule , and I must emphasize this : everyone keep they seat during the meeting ! mcmurphy yeah , well , it just pain I something ' awful to see a full grow man sloshing around in he own water ... big nurse yes ... we be discuss mister harding 's problem with he wife . now , who will start ? ( no response ) billy . billy m-m-m-ma 'am ? big nurse would you like to start ? billy n-n-n-n- n- no , ma'am . big nurse mister sefelt ? sefelt shrug and sink into he seat . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister fredrickson ? fredrickson pass . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister taber ? taber pass . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister martini ? martini no ! big nurse mister scanlon ? scanlon look at the floor . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister cheswick ? cheswick wag he head ' no . ' big nurse ( cont 'd ) be I to take it that there be not a man among you who have a opinion concern this matter ? ( no response ; she focus in on harding ) mister harding , you have state on more than one occasion that you suspect you wife of see other man . harding yes , miss ratched , this be correct . big nurse but you have no proof . harding no , miss ratched ... big nurse and yet you suspect she . harding yes , that be correct . big nurse why ? harding I can only speculate as to the reason why . big nurse have you ever speculate , mister harding , that you be impatient with you wife because she do not meet you mental requirement ? one of the chronic laugh like a child . harding miss ratched . give all the condition of that sublime relationship , couple with the subsequent annihilation of all that I hold to be sacred , mentally , physically and emotionally , the only thing that I can speculate on , at this late date , be how I will justify the very existence of my life , with or without my dear wife . sefelt what 's he talkin ' about ? taber yeah , harding , why do not you knockoff the bullshit and get to the point . several acute chime in , " yeah , get to the point , " ad lib . harding the point be , I will carry on until I fully understand what the function of that relationship be regardless of form or content . several hand go up . big nurse yes , billy ? billy I -i- I - I - I d-d - do not s-s- see how anyone could lu- lu - lu - love a man who t-t -t - talk the way he do . taber yeah , harding , you be so fuckin ' dumb I can not believe it . harding that 's a matter of opinion . sefelt yeah , harding , where do you breathe anyway ? fredrickson through the ass . sefelt and fredrickson snicker into they hand . a few of the other laugh . harding ( smart ) be that you sense of humor or be you try to say something ? fredrickson ( innocence itself ) now what would I be try to say ? harding I do not know . I do not know , but it make I feel very peculiar when you throw in something like that . fredrickson peculiar ? sefelt why ? taber yeah , why ? scanlon yeah , tell we why . harding I hesitate to go on . big nurse no secret , mister harding . let 's get it all out in the open ... harding I mean , the other day you make a allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problem we might be have . I know that to be the case , but the way in which you broach it , if that 's you idea of teach I something ... harding ( cont 'd ) ( he voice rise as he go on ) ... or make I aware of a condition in my life , then I say , categorically speak , the hell with you , taber ! I do not have to justify the condition of my life to you or any of you . no matter what I will carry on until I fully understand what that function be regardless of the form or content . regardless of the fact we must try to understand the function of we capacity to obtain , to personify the condition , the condition of we existence , we existence ... taber you know what , harding ? I think you be some kind of morbid asshole or something . you have be talk about you wife evere since I can remember . you know , she 's on you mind and blah , blah , blah and on and on and when be you go to wise up and turn she loose ! fredrickson yeah , wise up , harding . sefelt yeah , turn she loose ! acute ( start pour it on ) yeah , who do you think you be anyway ?... he think he 's God almighty ... he 's a snob ... he 's a schmuck ... dumbbell ... creep ... cretin ... idiot ... get rid of he ... ship he upstairs ... ruckly ( chime in ) ffffffuck da wife ... bancini ( wag he head ) tire ... awful tired ... acute ( not let up ) Zap he ... give ' im lobotomy ... cut he nut off ... he do not have any ... fag ... pervert . bancini ( in a strong angry voice ) I be tired ! everyone hush . big nurse somebody see to mister bancini . two or three acute get up and try to soothe bancini , but he be not to be hushed . bancini tire . tire . oh God , I be tired ... Big nurse nod to Washington , who go to Pete , and give he arm a jerk toward the door . bancini be unmovable . Big nurse signal nurse pilbow , who head for the nurse ' station . Washington sense danger , let go of Pete 's arm , back away . WASHINGTON you a good boy , mistah bancini ... nurse pilbow return , hypodermic needle in hand . Pete turn to he fellow inmate . bancini you see ... it 's a lotta baloney ... it 's all a lotta baloney ... nurse pilbow yes , yes , mister bancini , now if you will just be calm ... bancini that 's all it be , just a lotta baloney . ya see , I can not help it , can not ... nurse pilbow ( work she way around bancini ) yes , I know , I know ... she get he in the ass , with the needle , and spring back . bancini ... do not ya see . I be bear dead . not you . you be not bear dead . ahhh , it 's be so hard ... ( start go over , slowly ; sighing and cry ) tire ... I be tired ... aw - ful tired ... mcmurphy look around at the other . each patient be lock in he own world -- oblivious to bancini 's state . ext . basketball court - day wide shot of entire court , surround by a high fence top off with barb wire , as Washington and Warren escort the acute -- include bromden , Ellis , a lobotomy case and several other chronic -- through the gate onto the court , which be run down , with crack in its surface and leave scattered everywhere . martini , who be carry the ball , run ahead , follow by scanlon , where he start dribble the ball in a frantic circle , suddenly pass the ball to nothing . martini ( as he throw ball ) catch it ! catch it ! the ball roll to the corner . WASHINGTON martini , there be not nobody there , ya dumb goon ! go get the ball ! martini no ! martini turn away , he feeling hurt . Washington go after the ball , when martini go run after it . martini ( cont 'd ) I get it ! I get it ! but Washington give martini a body check and beat he to the ball . martini try to get the ball from Washington , who be quite agile and tease he as he return to the court where he and Warren start shoot basket , freezing martini and scanlon out . the other patient just hang around or walk , as if in a prison yard . cheswick stand in close proximity to mcmurphy and harding , who stand watch the action . mcmurphy finally offer a cigarette to harding , who accept . they both light up . mcmurphy well , say , buddy , be that the usual pro-cedure for that Group ther 'py shindig ? bunch of chicken at a peckin ' party ? harding a peck party ? mcmurphy that 's right , buddy . and you want to know who peck the first peck ? harding and cheswick who ? who ? mcmurphy ah , come off it ! it 's that Big nurse , that 's who ... the other acute have gather around mcmurphy and harding . harding it 's as simple as that . you have be on we ward six hour and have already simplify the work of Freud , jung and maxwell Jones in one grand analogy : it 's a peck party . mcmurphy I be not talk about Fred yoong or maxwell Jones , buddy , what I be talkin ' about be that crummy meeting and what that nurse do to you ! harding do to I ? mcmurphy do to you and all the rest of you guy . billy y-y-yes ! yes ! y-y-y - you s-s- see wh wh- what she c-c-can do to we ! mcmurphy what do I see ' cept a grow man gettin ' whipped so bad he can not laugh anymore . fredrickson it 's the question she ask . mcmurphy tell 'er to go straight to hell ! harding miss ratched be a competent psychiatric nurse , not some , some kind of monster peck out we eye ! mcmurphy ( as calm as blue water ) she be not peckin ' at you eye , buddy . mcmurphy grab harding by he ball and harding go up on he toe . mcmurphy she 's peckin ' at you ball , buddy , at you ever - lovin ' ball . harding be double over . sefelt that kind of behavior will get you a p.a. rating , my friend . mcmurphy p.a . what the hell be that ? sefelt potential assaultive . fredrickson which get you ship up to disturb for a nice little zap job . mcmurphy huh ? harding electro - shock therapy , my friend . five cent ' worth of electricity and you be out of everybody 's hair . mcmurphy tell 'er to go to hell anyway ! harding ( cont 'd ) and if you persist in you way , they can always ship you over to Medical surgery . mcmurphy what for ? harding ( cont 'd ) lobotomy ! mcmurphy lobotomy ? harding ( cont 'd ) ( point to lobotomy case ) that ! mcmurphy look . shot of a lobotomy case a vegetable , complete with two half - dollar scar in he forehead . mcmurphy as he absorb this bit of information the basketball roll to he foot and he pick it up . mcmurphy ( to harding ) be that you sense of humor or be you tryin ' to say something ' ? harding now , what would I be try to say ? martini and scanlon rush over and try to get the ball . scanlon gimme the ball ! martini no. me! I ! WASHINGTON ( o.s. ) pass the ball , mcmurphy . mcmurphy cross to the court , bounce the ball as he go . when he reach the court he hold the ball out to Washington , who reach for it , but mcmurphy snap it back over he shoulder to martini . mcmurphy ( turn to martini ) pass it to I , martini . martini hold back . mcmurphy c'mon , I will give it back ! martini pass to mcmurphy . mcmurphy Atta boy , martini . he pass it back to martini , who laugh and pass it back to mcmurphy , who pass it to scanlon , who pass to mcmurphy , who pass to billy , etc . bromden just stand watch . mcmurphy ( encourage they ) back and forth , that 's it . shoot , man , we will be takin ' on the New York knick before we be through ... mcmurphy look to see Big nurse look out a window at they . he catch she eye . she turn away . mcmurphy ( v.o ) hey - ya , hey - ya , come on , come on , I be waitin ' on you sucker , you hit or you sit ... int . day room - night the music be playing . the tv be on the six o'clock news as mcmurphy , card in hand , be deal blackjack to cheswick , harding , sefelt , billy and martini . fredrickson and scanlon be look on as bromden ease up to the game . cheswick be at the nurse ' station talk to Big nurse . sefelt hit I ! mcmurphy hit , you say ? well well well and with a king up , the boy want a hit . whadaya know . so comin ' at you and too bad , a little lady for the lad and he 's over the wall and down the road , up the hill and drop he load . sefelt booger ! mcmurphy rake in sefelt 's cigarettes , add they to a pile of loose cigarettes , pack of cigarettes , several carton of cigarettes . as cheswick sit down , depressed : mcmurphy ' Kay , place you bet . martini ( hold up a cigarette ) what 's this ? mcmurphy that 's a dime , martini . martini break a cigarette in half . martini ( cont 'd ) Bet a nickel ! mcmurphy ( to cheswick ) whadaya bet , cheswick ? cheswick she will not give I any more cigarettes ! mcmurphy that okay . I will take you marker . how many ya want ? cheswick ( cont 'd ) lend I twenty . mcmurphy count out twenty cigarettes , mark it down on a piece of paper , and pass the cigarettes to cheswick , who bet all twenty . the Sports have come on tv and mcmurphy 's attention be divide . mcmurphy ( check the board ) ' Kay , all bet be down , let 's wheel them a ' deal them . he deal the card out , the first one face down , then the next one face up . mcmurphy Big king ... little deuce ... another king ... a lovely lady ... big ten ... and a trey ... hey , hey , whadaya say ? ya hit or sit , martini ? martini hit I . mcmurphy ( hit with a picture ) that 's twenty up , martini . ( turn to tv , he shout across room ) hey , taber , who 's pitching the open game ? taber call back something but it 's lose in the other sound . martini ( cont 'd ) hit I ! mcmurphy wait a minute , martini , I can not hear a thing . ( turn back to taber ) what ? taber ( shouting back ) koufax against Ford ! miss pilbow ( v.o. ) ( over loudspeaker ) medication time ! medication time ! medication ! martini ( simultaneously with pilbow ) hit I ! mcmurphy slam he card down , stand up , cross the day room , head for the nurse ' station . he pass Washington , who stand there wait to dispense orange juice . int . nurse ' station - night as mcmurphy enter . nurse pilbow be the only one there . mcmurphy pardon I miss , but would you mind turn ... nurse pilbow ( scared out of she wit ) stay back ! patient be not allow to enter the ... oh , stay back ! mcmurphy all I be askin ' be ... nurse pilbow grab at she cross , scream and shut she eye , hold the cross in front of she . nurse pilbow ( cont 'd ) oh , stay back , I be a Catholic ! Big nurse enter from the nurse ' lounge . big nurse mister mcmurphy . patient be not allow in here . mcmurphy sorry , mar 'am . mcmurphy step out of the station , close the door behind he . int . day room - night as mcmurphy go around to the front of the nurse ' station and queue up behind the other acute who be get they medication . mcmurphy reach the window , take the cup , but do not take he pill . mcmurphy ( to Big nurse ) pardon I , mar 'am , can I ask you somethin' ? big nurse ( politely ) yes , mister mcmurphy ? mcmurphy how ' bout turn off that music for a while so a man can hear himself think ? big nurse ( pleasantly ) that music be for everyone , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy lean in , place he hand on the window . mcmurphy ( confidentially ) well , say , how ' bout easin ' it down a bit so a man do not have to shout ! big nurse ( cont 'd ) ( aware of he physical proximity ) mister mcmurphy , there be old man here who could not hear the music at all if it be lower . that music be all they have , and I wish you would not lean against the glass there , you hand be stain the window . mcmurphy jerk he hand away . mcmurphy sorry , mar 'am ... sorry ' bout that ... mcmurphy breathes on the glass and wipe it clean with he sleeve . mcmurphy sorry to have bother you . big nurse not at all , mister mcmurphy ... mcmurphy turn to walk away . nurse pilbow you medicine , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy ( turn back , he examine the content of the cup ) what 's the horse pill for , honey ? nurse pilbow it 's just medication , mister mcmurphy , good for you . now down it go ... mcmurphy look , miss , I do not like swallow something without know what it be ! nurse pilbow ( step back a little ) do not get upset , mister mcmurphy ... mcmurphy I be not upset . all I wanna know , for the lovva Jesus ... big nurse that 's all right , miss pilbow , if mister mcmurphy do not wish to take he medication orally , he may ... mcmurphy no , that 's okay , mar 'am . down it go . mcmurphy make a big show of pop the pill in he mouth , hold he paper cup upside down , for all to see , then move on to Washington , who fill it with orange juice . mcmurphy gulp it down , not without some difficulty , then he smile at all the concerned face and cross the room to the card table , where he sit to see the acute look at he . harding why do not you tell she to go to hell , lover boy ? taber yeah , whattsa matter , mack , she too much for ya ? mcmurphy hold the pill up and flick it into harding 's forehead . mcmurphy you boy seem to think you have get a champ in there , huh ? harding I do not see you scoring any point , buddy . and you be just the man for the job , right ? mcmurphy Hell , I could not get it up over old hatchet - face if ya pay I ! harding ( cont 'd ) she 's not all that homely , mister mcmurphy . in fact , she must have be a rather beautiful young lady . the man look at Big nurse . the patient look at the nurse ' station . patient ' Pov Big nurse be busy at she work . int . nurse station - big nurse's Pov - night the patient look at she . they turn back to they card game . reverse angle camera hold on Big nurse as mcmurphy 's voice be heard over intercom . mcmurphy ( v.o. ) ( through intercom ) yeah , a ' I be tellin ' ya , she 's just a icy-heart over - the-hump gal who never get enough of the old wham - bam to straighten 'er out ... okay , who want a card ? martini ( v.o. ) ( through intercom ) me. hit I ! Big nurse look up and study the man gather round the table . int . men' dorm - night the patient be asleep except for bromden , who stand by the window look out . mcmurphy be asleep in the bed next to he . a beat when turkle , a fifty - year - old negro night attendant , slightly drunk , lay a gentle hand on bromden 's shoulder . turkle Le 's get back to bed , mistah bromden ... bromden allow himself to be lead back to bed . turkle fumble around for the security belt , find it , strap bromden loosely in bed , then go off cluck to himself . bromden reach under he bed and pluck a stale piece of gum from under the bed frame . he start chew it when he see mcmurphy look at he . bromden go right on chew and look mcmurphy right in the eye . mcmurphy ( whisper ) Chief ? I wanna ask ya somethin' . ( sing ) oh , do the spearmint lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight ? when you chew it in the morning , will it be too hard to bite ? this question 's get I goin ' , will not somebody set I right ; do the spearmint lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight ? mcmurphy hold the last note , reach over and rustle through he nightstand . mcmurphy here ya go , Chief ... a small object land on bromden 's bed . it be a fresh package of gum . bromden pick it up . examine it . unwrap it . deposit he old piece of gum under the bed frame , then insert the fresh gum in he mouth and start chew . series of shot showing the men' dorm , the empty day room , turkle asleep in the nurse ' station , empty hallway , the night superintendent at her desk , more hallway ... ending on : int . men' dorm - sunrise aberrated shot of institutional ground see through steel mesh screen -- as the sun rise above the treetop . reverse shot - bromden look out of the window . his face wash by the sunlight . his eye have a vague look , almost vacuous , as ... big nurse ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ) good morning , boy . rise and shine . rise and shine . int . men' dorm - day as Washington , Warren and Miller roust the patient out of bed . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ) time to get up ! come on now , it 's a beautiful day ! let 's not straggle ! everybody up , up , up ! mcmurphy be in bed , not ready for the world , when Washington cross to bromden , who be look out the window , and lead he off . WASHINGTON Le 's go , Chief . Le 's go get ourselves all nice and clean ... ( to mcmurphy ) you too , mistah mack -murphy ! Washington go off with bromden . camera hold on mcmurphy as he slowly pull it together and sit on the edge of the bed . he 's naked as he open the drawer to he nightstand and fish around for a cigarette . mcmurphy ( look in the drawer ) what the ... ( look around ) who the fuck steal my cigarettes ! int . day room - day as the acute straggle past Big nurse . big nurse good morning , mister sefelt , be you tooth any better ?... good morning , mister fredrickson ... good morning , mister harding ; my , my , you have be bite you fingernails again ... she see mcmurphy approach , wear a towel around he waist and a scowl on he face . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister mcmurphy , patient be not permit to run around in towel . mcmurphy I wanna report a robbery ! big nurse on this ward ? mcmurphy yeah , some creep steal my cigarettes ! big nurse oh , I have they remove . mcmurphy what for ? big nurse patient be ration to one pack of cigarettes a day . bromden come drift by , go in the opposite direction . Big nurse take he hand . big nurse ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) mister Washington ! Washington come run . WASHINGTON yes , miss ratched ? big nurse please see to mister bromden . WASHINGTON ( take bromden by the hand ) yes , miss ratched ... Washington lead bromden off . Big nurse turn to cheswick and several other acute , who have crowded around . big nurse now you boy hurry along and wash up for breakfast ... ( to mcmurphy ) you too , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy well , say . how ' bout spring a pack of cigarettes loose ? big nurse after breakfast , mister mcmurphy , after breakfast . mcmurphy you sure run a tight - ass ship 'round here , do not ya ! big nurse yes . now run along like a good boy and see that you wash up properly . wider angle a beat , as the acute wait for mcmurphy 's next move , then : mcmurphy ' Kay , let 's go brush we tooth , fella ... mcmurphy turn and cross toward the washroom , sing at the top of he lung . mcmurphy oh , lulu have a baby , his name be sunny Jim , she put ' im in a piss pot , to teach ' im how to swim . oh , he swim to the bottom , he swim to the top , lulu get excited , a ' pull ' im by he ... cock -tail ginger - ale , five cent a glass , a ' if ya do not like it ya can shove it up you ... ask I no more question , I will tell ya no more lie . big nurse watch mcmurphy who remove he towel as he enter the washroom . int . washroom - day as mcmurphy enter to see Warren take a firm grip on bromaen 's head and Washington go to work on bromden 's face . camera push into extreme closeup of bromden 's fearfully distort face as the buz SOUND of the electric razor intensifies until it be insupportable . int . mess hall - day we see the attendant spoon food into the suck pink mouth of the vegetable , a shade too fast for swallow . mcmurphy ( o.s. ) what 's wrong with you guy ? we see mcmurphy seat with the acute , shoveling food down he guillet . the other be barely touch they food . mcmurphy why , if I would have know how soft this place be gonna be , I would have arrange for my transfer sooner ... ( hold up he orange juice ) look at this here , real orange juice ! ( slugging it down ) hooee , that 's good . why , you could not pay I to leave this place ! ( slap he belly ) all this place lack be a couple of sweet gal to live thing up ... he get up and carry he tray to the proper place , where he notice Miller load several other trays onto a dumbwaiter . Miller push a button and the dumbwaiter go down . mcmurphy cross to the door to find it block by Washington . mcmurphy stand aside , Sam , nature 's callin' . WASHINGTON nobody leave here till seven thirty . mcmurphy turn Washington over in he mind , then he look up at the clock above the door . the time be 7:28 . the second hand sweeping its way toward 7:29 . mcmurphy do not know if I can hold it that long , Sam . WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) tha 's you problem . mcmurphy ( confidentially ) who do you like in the open game , Sam ? WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) huh ? mcmurphy ( turn away ) asshole . mcmurphy turn and walk away . Washington watch he go . cheswick ( v.o. ) I wanna know about my cigarettes ! int . day room - day a group meeting be in progress . Doctor spivey be there . cheswick be on he foot . big nurse sit down , mister cheswick . cheswtck ( not sit ) no , I be not no kid to have my cigarettes keep from I like cookie ! ai not that right , mack ! ( mcmurphy do not respond ) mack ??? big nurse sit down , mister cheswick ! cheswick sit -- stunne . a beat ; then : big nurse ( cont 'd ) ( to cheswick ) you should have think about that before you gamble all you cigarettes away . be that clear ? cheswick sulk in he seat . big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister cheswick , be that clear ! cheswick yeah ... big nurse good ... ( open she book ) now , as I recall , we be make quite a bit of headway , last time , with mister harding 's problem . so , do anyone care to begin ? mcmurphy 's hand go up . no one else 's do . big nurse ( cont 'd ) yes , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy right ... I have be givin ' some serious consideration to what you tell I about the democratic something of this therapeutic community of ours , an' I get a few thing I wanna get off my chest , before we get back to harding 's problem . big nurse certainly , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy right ! mcmurphy take a fold sheet of paper out of he pocket , unfold it , study it and begin . mcmurphy ' Kay ... item one ... I have be thinkin ' ' bout the age problem we get on this ward . you know , the young a ' old livin ' together , an' I be thinkin ' what a great thing it would be if the music be turn up louder . louder so the old fella could hear better ... Doctor spivey nod with approval . Big nurse do not . the acute be bewilder . mcmurphy but then I get to thinkin' , the music be so loud already , it make it difficult for the young fella to hold a decent conversation ... nod and murmur of approval from the acute . Big nurse can only wait for mcmurphy 's next move . mcmurphy well , I be turnin ' this dilemma over in my head , when I happen to hit on that old tub room out there , an' I say to myself , mcmurphy , I say , that place would make a great second day room . a sort of game room for the young fella . whadaya think , Doc ? spivey it be worth consider ... miss ratched ? big nurse the point be well take , Doctor , but do we have the necessary personnel to cover a second day room ? spivey well , since it will be largely the chronic who remain here , one aide and one nurse should easily be able to handle any situation that might occur . ( he turn to the patient ) what do you think , man , be it workable ? cheswick right , Doc . it 's workable . several other acute voice in the affirmative . spivey Fine ! big nurse good. good . yes , yes , I think we should give it a trial period . so ! May we get back to mister harding 's problem ... ( she see mcmurphy 's hand up ) yes , mister mcmurphy ? mcmurphy I be not finish yet . big nurse go on ... mcmurphy ( look at he list ) ' Kay , item two . tomorrow , and listen carefully to I , you ding - a ling . tomorrow be the open game of the World Series a ' what I want be to take a vote on switchin' the group meetin ' to later on in the day , so we can watch the ballgame . big nurse just a minute , mister mcmurphy ! mcmurphy yeah ? big nurse please understand , the schedule have be set up for a delicately balanced reason that would be throw into turmoil by a switch of routine . mcmurphy the hell with the schedule , you can get back to the schedule next week when the series be over . what I want be a vote on it right now ! cheswick I second the motion ! mcmurphy Atta boy , cheswick ! big nurse very well ! all that in favor , please raise you hand . Big nurse cast a watchful eye over the patient . mcmurphy ( raise he hand ) okay , raise you hand . only cheswick 's go up . mcmurphy come on ' , what be this crap ? who want to watch the World Series ? martini and scanlon 's hand go up . several acute look at they . scanlon and martini 's hand go down . mcmurphy can not believe he eye . big nurse ( cont 'd ) ( politely ) I count only two , include you , mister mcmurphy . certainly not enough to change ward policy . mcmurphy 's hand go down . big nurse ( cont 'd ) yes . now be there anything else you want to discuss , mister mcmurphy ? mcmurphy no way . cheswick no way . mcmurphy start tear he sheet of paper up into a thousand piece . big nurse ( check she watch ) then I suggest we turn we attention back to mister harding 's problem . would anybody care to begin ? she look around . mcmurphy be slouched in he chair . harding put he hand up . no one else do . big nurse ( cont 'd ) yes , mister harding ? harding yes , thank you , miss ratched . since we last meeting I have be reflect , quite seriously , on the nature of my problem . naturally , I be refer to the capacity to obtain the necessary result in order to obtain ... no , no . to personify the very existence of that relationship regardless of the function ... ( he stop , chew he lip , then continue ) regardless of the function , we will confront the question of ... yes. yes . the question of ... existence ... relationship ... function ... confront ... yes , confront we in the moment of deep crisis ... yes , the crisis of we soul . of we soul , which I be try to fully understand the problem ... the problem . not to shut ourselves off , but somehow ... somehow to understand fully we capacity ... to obtain ... to personify ... the question ... existence depend ... depend on the question ... to reflect ... to reflect ... harding , break off , sweat ; he begin to knead he forehead and chew he nail . harding ( cont 'd ) to reflect ... angle silence as the camera reflect : the room , the patient , the staff , the hallway , the hospital , the grounds , the tree , the sky , end on . martini ( v.o. ) hold it a minute . what 's a man need to buy thum hotel ? int . tub room - night bromden be press against the wall , watch mcmurphy , martini , scanlon and cheswick play a game of monopoly . the other be play card or just hang around , a little chagrine . billy be most disturb by this separation . mcmurphy you need four house on every lot of the same color , martini . now let 's go , for christsake . martini hold it a minute . there 's a flurry of money from martini , red , green and yellow bill blow in every direction . cheswick let 's go , for christsake ... mcmurphy it 's you dirty roll , cheswick . cheswick roll the dice . mcmurphy snake eye ! hoooeee , that put you on my marvin garden , which mean you owe I three hundred and fifty dollar . cheswick start count out the money . martini what 's thum other thing ? hold it a minute . what 's thum other thing all over the board ? cheswick ( to martini ) how can a man concentrate with you sit there hallucinate a mile a minute ... mcmurphy you just come on with that three fifty and martini will take care of himself ... you dice , scanlon . scanlon gimme that dice . I will blow this board to piece . here we go ... ( throw the dice ) lebenty leben , count I over eleven , martini ... martini pick up a house ... scanlon ( cont 'd ) not that one , you crazy bastard , that 's my house ... scanlon grab martini 's hand and try to get he piece back . martini will not let go . mcmurphy break it up , God dammit ! ai not I get enough trouble without you guy messin ' around ... can not depend on nobody . billy ( from the next table ) some of we ha-ha-have b-b- be here a long t-t-time , randle , and will b b-be here long after this wo - wo World Series of yours be oh-oh - oh , what 's the use anyway ... mcmurphy slam he fist down on the table , send the monopoly piece fly . martini be crestfallen . mcmurphy what 's the use ! hooee ! it would do you bird some good just to get a little exercise lift you arm to vote ! harding a baseball game be not worth the risk , my friend . mcmurphy it be to I ! a ' if I hafta bust way outta this place to see it , I will ! cheswick right ! fredrickson oh , yeah ? mcmurphy yeah ! sefelt Big man ! mcmurphy yeah , how much you wanna bet ? sefelt on what ? mcmurphy that I a ' my buddy , cheswick , we will be downtown tomorrow watchin' the ballgame while you sucker be sittin ' around this goddamn nursery ! harding and how do you propose to accomplish that little feat , my friend ? mcmurphy that 's between I a ' myself . so why do not you boy just shove off . I get some plan to do . mcmurphy sit and resume he game of solitaire . martini and scanlon be put the monopoly game back together again . bromden spot ( or he think he spot ) one of the attendant listen at the door . he want to warn the other , but do not know how . sefelt maybe he will just show miss ratched he big thing a ' she will open the door for he . sefelt and frederickson smile at each other . bromden slide along the wall toward the door . mcmurphy maybe I will just use that thick skull of yours as a batterin ' ram , sefelt . sefelt ( cont 'd ) why , my head would just squash like a eggplant , mcmurphy . fredrickson and sefelt snicker in they hand . mcmurphy you think it 's funny , huh ? taber yeah , you do not know how to get outta this place ! bromden reach the door and look out . no one be there . mcmurphy put you money where you mouth be , taber . taber ( cont 'd ) yeah , yeah , you be a fuck phony , mcmurphy ! bromden turn back to the room to see mcmurphy slam he fist down on the table ; the monopoly game go fly . mcmurphy ( rise and turn on the other , who back off ) you want I to show ya ! you want I to show ya how ! taber ( cont 'd ) yeah , yeah , show I . show I how ! mcmurphy all right ! he look wildly around the room , spot the machine , cross to it and smack it with he hand . mcmurphy with this thing ! I be gonna put this thing right through the window , that 's how ! harding you mean you be go to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window ? mcmurphy you be fuckin ' a-right , I be ! harding ( cont 'd ) with you own two hand ? mcmurphy you hear I the first time ! taber I will bet a buck you do not do it ! mcmurphy you be on ! billy m-m- mack , y-y-y - you c-c- can not l-l lift that thing ! mcmurphy stand aside , son . any more taker ? sefelt I will bet a dollar . fredrickson I , too ... mcmurphy right ! martini a nickel . scanlon a dime . mcmurphy okay . who else ? harding twenty - five dollar . mcmurphy ( know he 's take a bad bet ) okay , harding , you be on . harding okay , sucker . mcmurphy yeah ... okay , stand aside , you guy ! you be usin ' up my oxygen ! the acute stand aside and mcmurphy step up to the machine . he shift he foot to get a good stance , wipe he hand on he thigh , lean down and get hold of the lever on each side , and strain . bromden watch , in awe of mcmurphy . mcmurphy turn loose , straighten up and shift he foot for a better position . harding give up ? mcmurphy just warmin ' up . he grab the lever again . his whole body shake with the strain . for just a second we hear the cement grind . then he breath explode and he fall back limp against the wall . there 's blood on he hand . no sound but he rasp breath . he open he eye and look around . then pull out a pocketful of iou 's and try to sort they out , but he hand be freeze into red claw . he throw the whole bundle on the floor and walk out . at the door , he turn back . mcmurphy but I try . goddammit , I sure as hell do that much . do not I ? mcmurphy exit . reaction shot of acute shot of bromden look at the machine . a long beat . int . men' dorm - night the patient be get ready for bed when billy approach mcmurpby , who be in bed . billy m-m-mack ... mcmurphy turn away from billy , who cross to the other side of the bed . billy ( cont 'd ) m-m-mack , I - I - I be sorry ! harding leave he alone , he 's pout . billy y-y-y - you leave he alone ! mcmurphy that 's okay , kid ... billy th-th - then y-y - you be n- n - not m-m mad ? mcmurphy no , kid , it be my own stupidity , that 's what piss I off . billy o-o-o-oh ... mcmurphy what we be gonna have to do be pull this ballclub together for we next play . ' Kay ! billy ' k - k - kay , mack ! int . hallway - day Washington , Warren and Miller be at the end of the hallway , listen to a small radio . we can hear the sport announcer give the line - up for the open game of the World Series . washington's Pov Way down the hall , the Group meeting be see in progress . int . day room - day a Group meeting be in progress and Big nurse be hone in on billy . big nurse try , billy , try ... billy try , but can not talk . the other acute be bored , restive , wait . mcmurphy have ant in he pants as Big nurse speak to billy . big nurse ( cont 'd ) be it you idea to visit she on Sunday ? billy y-y-y-yes ... big nurse tell we about it ... billy i-i- I - I c-c-c-came over s-s-s Sunday m-m-m-morn after ch-ch -ch church and br-br-brought she s-s some flower , and I s-s-said , I say , 'c -c -c - celia , will you muh muh-muh-muh-muh ... ' till the girl break out l-l- laugh . billy laugh at himself . big nurse what be it about she that disturb you so , billy ? billy ( rub scar on he wrist ) I be in luh- love with she . big nurse billy , be you afraid of she , or of she love ? no response from billy . big nurse ( cont 'd ) that be the first time you attempt to commit suicide , be not it ? ( no response ) you must try to talk about it , billy . mcmurphy Jesus Christ , the man do not want to talk , so get off he back a ' let 's get on to some new business . big nurse mister mcmurphy , the purpose of this meeting be therapy . Group therapy . mcmurphy yeah , yeah , the hell with that crap ! the World Series be goin ' on right ' now a ' that 's therapy also ! big nurse let I pose a question to the group : do any of you feel that mister mcmurphy be perhaps impose he personal desire on you too much ? mcmurphy what the hell do that have to do with it ? this be a important event and I want a vote on it ! cheswick yeah , let 's vote on it ! big nurse will one more vote satisfy you ? mcmurphy yeah , it will satisfy I . big nurse very well . what be it you be propose , mister mcmurphy ? mcmurphy I be propose a re-vote on watchin' the ballgame ! big nurse ( to the patient ) a vote be before the group . mcmurphy okay , I wanna see the hand . I wanna see which of you bird have any gut . big nurse everyone in favor of change the schedule raise he hand . the first hand to come up be cheswick 's . then mcmurphy 's . then martini , scanlon , sefelt , fredrickson , billy and taber . harding do not vote . Big nurse start count the hand . mcmurphy , he face beam , count the hand . mcmurphy that 's it ! we make it ! big nurse I be sorry , mister mcmurphy , I count only eight . mcmurphy so do I ! big nurse but there be eighteen patient on the ward , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy ( the light dawn ) you mean to tell I you be gonna count that old bird over there ? big nurse I be sorry , mister mcmurphy , but you must have a majority to change ward policy . mcmurphy well , I will be a son-of - a-bitch ... billy b- but , m-m - miss R- ratched , y- you n never c-c-count th-their vote before ! a beat . big nurse ( lose ground ) you mean you do not want they vote to count , billy ! billy I - i- I ... mcmurphy well , screw that noise ! mcmurphy rise and , take he chair , he cross toward the television set . big nurse sit down , mister mcmurphy ! mcmurphy turn the tv on , flip the channel , then sit and wait for a picture . big nurse ( cont 'd ) I want you to turn the television off and return to you place ! a picture swirl onto the tv screen . the ballgame be in progress ( documentary footage to be use ) . martini rush over and join mcmurphy . scanlon follow hot on he heel as -- mcmurphy hoo-wee ! man , all I need I now be a can of beer and a red-hot . cheswick get up and start across when -- big nurse sit down , mister cheswick . cheswick stop and stand there , helpless to move . cheswick mack ... mcmurphy be deep into the game . insert - tv screen on the screen a great play be take place , and at the breathtaking moment the tv picture swirl into a little eye of light -- then nothing . back to scene the acute be leave with they mouth hang open . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( over loudspeaker ) I want you man to return to you proper place . the group meeting be not over ! mcmurphy continue look at the blank tv screen as the acute look from mcmurphy to Big nurse , not know what to do next when -- mcmurphy ( jump up and shouting at the blank tv screen ) a hit ! it 's a hit ! he 's round first , head for second . here come the throw . he 's slide ... and ... he 's safe ! he 's safe ! ( mcmurphy whistle and clap he hand ) hoo -wee ! whatta game ! whatta game ! come on , koufax ! Strike them out ! the acute be stunne at mcmurphy 's outburst . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( over loudspeaker ) mister mcmurphy , you be deliberately violate the rule !... mcmurphy he 's into he wind -up . here come the pitch . Strike on the inside corner ! sefelt , fredrickson , billy and taber get up and cross toward the tv . harding be the only one who do not join they . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( over loudspeaker ) you man remain seat ! mcmurphy ( focus in on tv screen ) he 's into he wind - up . here 's the next pitch ... and it 's a hit ! it 's a hit ! martini ( jump up and down ) I see thum ! I see thum ! scanlon I , too ! I , too ! sefelt yes , I see it ! I see it ! mcmurphy ( on he foot , shouting ) ya-hoo , let 's ' play ball ! the other acute pick up on mcmurphy and start shouting at the blank tv screen . acute ya-hoo ! it 's a hit ! a triple ! it 's a home run ! a double ! he 's out ! whadaya blind ? he 's safe by a mile ! ( ad lib ) big nurse ( v.o. ) ( over loudspeaker ) you boy , stop this and go to you assignment ! mister mcmurphy , I want you to set a example ... mcmurphy ' Kay , it 's two out , basis load as koufax step up to the mound ... check the runner ... go into he wind - up ... here come the three - two pitch ... and it 's a fly ball into deep center . mantle be go back . he 's go back ! back ! his back be up against the wall ... and ... he catch it ! he catch it ! the acute be shouting , cheer , stomping and dance in each other 's arm . big nurse's voice ( over loudspeaker ) you man stop this ! mister Washington ! Miller ! Warren ! Big nurse 's last word overload the intercom and the system peak out . Big nurse 's mouth continue to work in frantic circle as Washington , Miller and Warren rush to quell the uproar . int . spivey' office - day Doctor spivey be seat behind he desk , look over mcmurphy 's papers . mcmurphy sit face he . spivey how be you feel ? mcmurphy just fine , Doc ... in fact , I think I might have put on a couple of pound since I get here . spivey good , good , and how be you get along on the ward ? mcmurphy come on , Doc , you know as well as I do what 's be comin ' down in that loony bin . spivey yes , well , miss ratched feel that you be a disturbing influence on the other patient . mcmurphy shoot , Doc , the only one I be disturbing be that old nurse and she fix way . that 's all . spivey yes , that may be so , but in make a careful study of you past record , along with you behavior since you arrive here , my feel be that you be not mentally ill and it be go to be my recommendation that you be return to pendleton where they be better equip to handle you case . this be the kiss of death to mcmurphy . mcmurphy come on , Doc , you must be kiddin' . spivey I be afraid not . mcmurphy Jesus , that old nurse sure want my ass in a sling , do not she ! spivey no , mister mcmurphy , it 's just that we cannot offer you the guidance and assistance that you would receive at pendleton . mcmurphy guidance and assistance ! that 's insane ! Doc , ya gotta help I . spivey I be sorry , but I can not keep you here . mcmurphy when ? spivey we will let you know . reaction shot of mcmurphy . ext . basketball court - day Washington and Warren be sit on the grass watch martini , scanlon , harding and billy , who be position on the court wait on mcmurphy who be under the board with bromden . cheswick and the other patient hang around off court as : mcmurphy ( with great physical and vocal emphasis throughout entire scene ) okay , Chief . this be you spot ! I do not want you to move from this spot ! never !... ' Kay , now , take the ball ! raise you hand , like this ... mcmurphy raise he hand above he head . bromden follow suit . mcmurphy that 's good ! that 's a good boy , Chief ! now jump and put it in ! mcmurphy jump . bromden do not . mcmurphy do this a couple of time . each time bromden remain motionless . harding he can not hear you ! mcmurphy I know , goddammit ! you do not have to tell I that ! harding so why be you talk to he ? mcmurphy I be not talkin ' to he ! I be talkin ' to myself ! it help I think ! harding it do not help he . mcmurphy well , it do not hurt he either ! ( turn to bromden ) do it , Chief ! ( no response ) see , it do not hurt he . ( to bromden ) jump ! a ' put it in ! mcmurphy jump . bromden do not move . harding well , I think you be just confusing he ... bromden jump . mcmurphy ha ! do ya see that ! ( call to cheswick on the sideline ) hey , cheswick ! cheswick yeah , mack ? mcmurphy come here ! cheswick run over . cheswick yeah , mack ? mcmurphy let I get on you shoulder . cheswick sure , mack ... mcmurphy climb on he shoulder . mcmurphy ' Kay , wheel I around to the basket ... ' Kay , easy , easy . hold it ! ' Kay , now . ( he see bromden have walk away ) hey , Chief , come back ! bromden do not hear . mcmurphy cheswick , go get 'im ! cheswick go after bromden , catch he , and mcmurphy latch onto he . mcmurphy now , wheel I to the basket . cheswick , strain under the weight of mcmurphy , turn toward the basket . int . men' dorm - night as bromden , chew he gum , watch mcmurphy ease he way out of bed and silently cross down the aisle , past the sleep patient , toward the day room . int . day room - night as mcmurphy cross the day room , past the nurse ' station where turkle be asleep . int . hallway - night as mcmurphy cross down the hallway and stop at the mess hall door . he try the handle . the door be lock . mcmurphy look up at the open transom , ponder it , then jump up and grab the door lintel . he try to lift himself up , but can not make it when suddenly he be lift up to the level of the transom by bromden . mcmurphy worm he way through the transom and disappear down the other side . camera hold on bromden who wait . a long beat . there be a strange humming SOUND heard o.s. another beat , then the door open . mcmurphy smile at bromden . mcmurphy ( point to the floor ) wait here , Chief . ( more to himself as he start down hall ) heh , heh , I will show them who 's crazy . int . men' dorm - night mcmurphy be nudging cheswick awake . mcmurphy hey , cheswick ! wake up ! cheswick ( waking up ) yeah , mack , what be it ? mcmurphy I be leave . Goodbye ! cheswick ( sit up ) where ya goin ' , Mac ? mcmurphy shhh ... mcmurphy turn and cross to billy . mcmurphy ( waking billy ) hey , billy . billy boy , wake up and say goodbye to you ol ' buddy . billy ( waking up ) w-w - with - what be it , m-m-mac ? mcmurphy so long , kid . billy wh-wh - wh- wh ... mcmurphy shhh ... mcmurphy turn from the bewilder billy and cross to martini . mcmurphy ( nudging martini awake ) psst ! hey , martini , wake up ! martini ( waking up ) yeah , Mac ? mcmurphy bye-bye . mcmurphy turn to scanlon . mcmurphy scanlon ! hey , scanlon , wake up ! scanlon ( waking up ) yeah , what 's up ? mcmurphy shhhh . see ya around the ball park . mcmurphy cross to fredrickson and wake he . fredrickson ( waking up ) what ? what ? mcmurphy so long , freddy . do not take any wooden nickle . fredrickson ( sit up ) what ? mcmurphy shhh ... the other patient be sit up , some of they get out of bed as mcmurphy turn to sefelt who be snore . mcmurphy pinch he nose and sefelt wake up . mcmurphy bye-bye , pussy cat . mcmurphy cross to taber . mcmurphy ( waking taber ) up a ' at them , taber . taber ( waking up ) what 's go on ? mcmurphy shhhh . time to say goodbye . mcmurphy turn and cross to harding . mcmurphy hey , hard -on . wake up , dumbo . harding open he eye and look at mcmurphy . mcmurphy ( cont 'd ) ya owe I twenty - five buck . harding what for ? mcmurphy I be busting outta this place . harding that 's nice . send I a post card . harding turn he back to mcmurphy . mcmurphy ( turn to the other who have gather around ) so long sucker . billy wh-wh - where ya go , m-m-mac ? cheswick how ya gettin ' out , Mac ? mcmurphy shhh ... that 's for I to know a ' you to find out . taber bullshit . you be not get no way out ! mcmurphy oh , yeah ? taber yeah ! mcmurphy how much ya wanna bet ? taber ( cont 'd ) ten buck . mcmurphy you be on . ( to the other ) let 's go ! a ' keep it quiet . mcmurphy start down the aisle . the other follow . int . day room - night as mcmurphy and the other patient cross the day room , past the nurse ' station , where turkle shift in he sleep . int . hallway - night as mcmurphy and the patient cross down the hallway and enter the mess hall follow by bromden . int . mess hall - night cheswick , bromden , martini , scanlon , sefelt , fredrickson , billy , taber and mcmurphy , stand look at the dumbwaiter . billy wh-wh - what 's d-d-down th-there , m-m Mac ? taber where 's it go ? mcmurphy out . it 's the way out . so just keep it in you mind if ya ever wanna make use of it . taber I do not believe it ... fredrickson neither do I ... sefelt I too ... martini I wanna see it ... scanlon I too ! I too ! billy y-y-yeah , p-p -prove it , m-m-mac ! cheswick yeah , show we , Mac ! mcmurphy shhh . wait a minute . you guy be gonna screw up my plan . so just go on back to bed like nothin ' happen . martini no ! I wanna go ! scanlon I too ! I too ! several of the other chime in . mcmurphy shhh . hold it down ! I will take you guy down , but ya gotta come right back up ! ' Kay ? patient ( simultaneously ) ' Kay , Mac ! mcmurphy shhh ... remember this be a privilege , so I do not want none of you goons fuckin ' up . Kay ? patient ( simultaneously ) ' Kay , Mac ! mcmurphy ' Kay , let 's see ... ( he check the man out ) cheswick first ... then billy ... martini ... scanlon ... sefelt ... fredrickson ... taber a ' the Chief ... ' Kay patient ( simultaneously ) ' Kay ! mcmurphy shhh ! int . tunnel - night the patient be wait in the tunnel , which be use as a underground connect system to the institutional building , as mcmurphy get out of the dumbwaiter . mcmurphy ( look around ) where 's martini and scanlon ? cheswick ( point ) they go that way . mcmurphy Charlie , ya can not ever let that goons outta ya sight ! understand ! cheswick right , mack ! Far down the tunnel martini and scanlon be briefly see as they skitter across the tunnel . sefelt there they be ! mcmurphy hey , martini ! psst ! scanlon ! ya dumb goons , come back here ! ( start after they ) come on , let 's get them ! mcmurphy start down the tunnel . the other do not move . mcmurphy ( call back ) come on , you guy , let 's stick together . the acute follow mcmurphy . they run down to the intersection and turn the corner . no sign of martini or scanlon . somewhere a door be heard slamming close and footstep be heard come they way . taber somebody 's come ! mcmurphy shhh ! ( he listen then ) this way ! mcmurphy hustle the man round the corner as two aide push a gurney come wheeling by . billy I - i- I th-th - think we sh-sh - should go back ! sefelt yeah , my foot be gettin ' cold . fredrickson mine , too ! mcmurphy we will go back just as soon as we find that guy ! ' Kay ? acute ( simultaneously ) ' Kay , mack ! the band take off down tbe tunnel , call out in loud whisper , " martini ! scanlon ! psst ! where be you ? " down one tunnel and up another -- till they turn a corner and see a open door . they go to the door and peer out . step lead up to the outside world . mcmurphy they must be up there ! cheswick yeah ! billy l-l- let - 's go b-back ! several acute express the same desire . mcmurphy come on , do not crap out on I now . we get two buddy out there ! billy ( cont 'd ) I - I d-d - do not know ! m-m- miss R ratched g-g-g-g ... mcmurphy fuck miss ratched ! mcmurphy cross out and up the stair . the acute look at each other . a beat , then : mcmurphy ( o.s. ) wow ! look at this ! the acute do not move . mcmurphy ( o.s. ) hey , you guy , come on up here and take a gander at this ! the acute inch they way out the door and up the step . ext . institutional ground - night as the acute join mcmurphy to see the moon low in the sky , silhouett the tree and building , and martini chase scanlon across the wet grounds . cheswick there they be ! mcmurphy ( he attention elsewhere ) hey , what 's that ? several acute ( simultaneously ) what ? where ? mcmurphy ( point ) over there ! sefelt ( squinting ) I do not know ... billy I - i- it 's a b-b-bus ! mcmurphy a bus ? billy ( cont 'd ) y-y-yes , a b-b-bus ! mcmurphy well , shoot , man ! whadaya say we take ourselves a little spin around the place . taber we will get in trouble ... cheswick yeah , maybe we ought to go back , Mac ... fredrickson yeah , my foot be cold ... sefelt my foot hurt ... billy I - I - I be w-w- wet ... mcmurphy ( walk towards the bus ) go ahead ! go back ! the acute cast frighten look at each other then go after mcmurphy . martini and scanlon join they . billy ( cont 'd ) h-h- how d-d - do we g-g- get b-back ? mcmurphy have reach the bus and begin check it out . taber yeah , take we back to the dumbwaiter , Mac . mcmurphy I be not go back in there . I tell ya this be a one way trip . now stand aside . mcmurphy lift the hood to the bus and begin jump the wire . the acute stand helplessly by as the engine turn over and catch . mcmurphy close the hood and get on the bus to a chorus of , " please , Mac , take we back ... please ... " mcmurphy put the bus in gear and the bus start move . the acute start run alongside of the bus call out for mcmurphy to take they back . mcmurphy ( shouting to they ) get on asshole ! they leap on . ext . institutional ground - another angle - night as the bus make a full circle and stop alongside of bromden . mcmurphy ( wave bromden onto the bus ) come on , Chief ! let 's go ! bromden board the bus . mcmurphy let out a war whoop as he close the door and start the bus move . ext . institutional ground - night as the bus pick up speed and churn across the grounds . int . bus - night the acute look out with wild - eye excitement . ext . institutional ground - night as the bus careen out the main entrance and down the thoroughfare . int . bus - night as the acute cast worried look at each other . ext . highway as the bus turn a corner past a sign that read : dalle 6 , salmon creek 8 , depoe BAY 11 , cape lookout 22 , portland 46 int . bus - night mcmurphy be sing at the top of he lung . mcmurphy ( sing ) you horse be hungry , that 's what she do say , come sit down beside I , a ' feed they some hay . my horse be not hungry , they wontt eat you hay - ay - aeee ... billy h- hey , m-mack . mcmurphy yeah , kid ? billy w-w - where we g-g-going ? cheswick yeah , where we go ? mcmurphy I dunno . where do ya wanna go ? martini I wanna go home ! scanlon yeah , it 's cold ! martini I be hungry . taber yeah , we will miss breakfast ! mcmurphy Breakfast ! Hell , I know just the place where we can chow down a ' thaw out before we shoot back on home . ' Kay ? billy ' k - Kay , m-mack ! mcmurphy ( sing ) soo , fare - the-weel , darlin' . I be go on my way , my wagon be load , my whip 's in my hand ... dissolve to : ext . depoe BAY - dawn the dawn be just crack the horizon as the bus pull up behind a corrode tin sheet building . a sign read : depoe BAY , seamanis service , sport fishing , boat for charter Beyond the boathouse be the dock with several fishing trawler and beyond that -- the open sea . the door to the bus open and mcmurphy get out . mcmurphy ( as he step out of the bus ) this be it ! as mcmurphy walk directly to the wall , alongside the door , lift the edge of the siding , come up with a key , open the door and enter . a beat , then the light go on inside the building . shot of bus the acute ' face press against the window , look out . int . seaman' build - dawn as mcmurphy lift a cold bottle of beer out of a coca - cola cooler , open it , take a long pull on the bottle , then cross to the heater and turn it on . nearby , a sign read : all equipment can be rented on the wall be old photograph of people with they prize catch . fishing equipment , tackle and wet weather gear crowd the room . there be a counter which mcmurphy walk behind and take a bag of potato chip off a wall rack , full of beer nut , hostess cupcake , etc . mcmurphy eye the keyboard to the fishing boat . several key be there . insert - keyboard with the name of the fishing boat : the lark . Mary ann. noel. annabella . the capri . int . build depoe BAY - dawn mcmurphy study the board as the acute stick they head in the door . they be all miserable and cold . mcmurphy come on in a ' warm up . you can put some of that gear on to keep warm . a ' there 's beer an' Coke in the cooler a ' some food over here ... they hesitate . mcmurphy come on , do not be shy now , you be among friend . the acute come in , bromden bring up the rear . martini go for the candy . scanlon go for the Coke . sefelt and fredrickson go for the wet weather gear and boot . the other go to the heater . bromden stand in the middle of the room . mcmurphy why do not one of you boy help ol ' Chief there get warm up ? billy go to bromden 's aid as mcmurphy cross to a window and look out . mcmurphy turn and look out the window . a long beat . cheswick when do you think we will be go back , mack ? mcmurphy ( look out the window ) come here a minute , cheswick . you , too , sefelt . hey , all you guy , come over here , I wanna show you somethin' . the acute cross to the window and look out , say , " what ? what be it ? whadaya lookin ' at ? I do not see a thing . " martini oh , look at the pretty boat . acute ' Pov nestled against the dock be a trim fishing trawler , beautifully frame in the bay window . mcmurphy ( v.o. ) yeah , do you ever see a boat like that ? why , I will bet you could go all the way to Hawaii in that boat ! tahiti ... the Philippines ... tibet ... camera hold on full shot of the boat . back to scene a long beat , then we see the acute , wear wet weather gear , complete with boot and squall hat , each man carry soda pop , food , fishing equipment , etc. , be lead onto the boat by mcmurphy who carry a case of beer . ext . fishing boat - dawn as a white gorge of smoke and water pour from the stern and the boat pull away from the dock , leave a boil foam of water . int . ship' bridge - dawn the entire crew be jamme into the bridge , mcmurphy behind the wheel . mcmurphy's Pov as the dock and other fishing boat slip by . ext . harbor jetty - dawn as the boat pass out of the harbor and head for the open sea . dissolve to : ext . boat deck - day the sun be up . the engine be dead . the ballgame be heard over ship 's radio . the man be scattered over the boat . taber and mcmurphy , beer in hand , be sun themselves , listen to the ballgame . on the stern martini and scanlon be try to rig up a pole . fredrickson give they a hand . billy have a line out . so do bromden and sefelt who be seat nearby , fishing the ocean floor when he suddenly get a bite and look over the side , surprised . his line go straight down into the depth . his glass fall off into the water . sefelt sigh and slowly begin reeling he line in . billy get a strike and start fight the fish . billy h-h-help ! mcmurphy ease up on the star drag , keep the tie up , up and work hell outta that fella . martini get a strike and lose it . scanlon come up and start to take the pole from he . scanlon my turn . martini ( hang onto the pole ) no. they start a tug of war . fredrickson try to break it up , when he get a strike and he line spin out . billy 's fish break into the sun in a shower of silver scale , and he get so excited he let the end of the pole go down and the line snap . mcmurphy up , I tell you ! keep that tip up ... up ! you have you one big silver there . fredrickson land he salmon in a spray of scale and blood . the fish be flopping all over the deck . billy grab the fish and wrestle it down . bromden land a fish when -- sefelt ( o.s. ) oh , my God ! I see something ! everyone rush over to sefelt and look down into the water . reverse shot deep down in the water a gigantic white form slowly rise out of the depth , become solid , alive . scanlon Jesus God ... martini what be it ? fredrickson we will never get that on the boat . the fish be now clearly see . billy ( call ) m-m- mack ! m-m-mack ! mcmurphy pull himself up . mcmurphy what be it , kid ? billy C -c - come here and l-look at th this ! mcmurphy cross down and look over the side . mcmurphy he 's a big flounder . could weigh two , three hundred . you get to lift he in with a winch . fredrickson do that mean we have to cut he loose ? mcmurphy like hell we will ! we get the muscle stand right here . all we need be a couple gaffin ' hook and some rope . billy I - I - I will get they . martini I , too . scanlon I , too . mcmurphy turn to sefelt who be sweat under the strain . mcmurphy steady do it , sefelt ! sefelt Pov the massive fish be closer to the surface . dissolve to : back to scene all the man be stand by as gaff hook and rope be make ready . the fish be gaff and slowly haul out of the water . mcmurphy and bromden lean over , hold by the other , grab the big fish by its gill and , with a heave - ho , the fish be sly in and flop to the bottom of the boat . the man go sprawling over the big fish . there 's a lot of laughter , handshake and back -slapping go on when -- voice ( over bull horn ) all right ! stand to ! stand to ! the man look up . reverse shot - acute ' Pov off the bow be a Coast Guard cutter , and on the deck stand Doctor spivey , Washington , Warren and several other aide dress in white . int . hallway - state hospital - late afternoon as the acute , sunburn and cover with dry brine and fish scale , be escort down the hallway by Washington , Warren and Doctor spivey . it 's a triumphant procession as they wheel the giant flounder with a sheet over it on a gurney , hold up they catch for all to see . mcmurphy be lag a bit behind as they pass the mess hall where workmen be busy install a security screen over the transom , while inside the mess hall another workman be see welding a lock on the dumbwaiter . int . day room as Big nurse step out of the nurse ' Station . spivey ( to Big nurse ) here they be , miss ratched . safe and sound ! big nurse good . well , boy , do you enjoy yourselves ? a burst of exuberance as the inmate hold up they fish . fredrickson ( to sefelt ) show she the one you catch , Jim . sefelt whip the sheet off the big fish . big nurse my , my ... no one can find superlative or gesture big enough to describe he catch of the big fish , " bring it in himself " ad lib . mcmurphy yeah , ya should have come along with we , miss ratched , a ' get a little sun on you cheek and maybe catch a fish or two . big nurse Mr. mcmurphy , you have no right to take this man out with you ! mcmurphy ( loudly ) yeah , that 's kind of crazy , be not it ! big nurse no , it be irresponsible ! Big nurse turn to the other , leave mcmurphy dangle . big nurse ( cont 'd ) ( respectfully ) that 's quite a catch , Jim . whaat be you go to do with it ? martini ( crossing to mcmurphy ) gimme a cigarette ! sefelt I think I might donate it to the mess hall . mcmurphy ( reach in he pocket ; he have none ) I do not have any . ad lib : " they could use it . " " take a picture first . " big nurse ( cont 'd ) that 's a excellent idea . now , why do not you boy place you fish on the gurney and we will see to it that everyone enjoy a fresh fish dinner . the man toss they fish on the gurney as martini join the group and start hit the other up for a cigarette . all he get for he trouble be a series of " no , " " get lose , " " I do not have any . " big nurse ( cont 'd ) thank you , boy . now if you will just go along with mister Washington to the shower , supper be in half a hour . the inmate start ad libbing and laugh , " we be not hungry , " as martini see harding light up a cigarette and cross to he . martini ( to harding ) gimme a cigarette ! harding no ! martini why not ? harding I be not run a charity ward ... martini snap the cigarette out of harding 's hand , and take off with harding chase he . martini dash around the room , pull chair in harding 's way , take a drag on the cigarette whenever he can . harding corner martini , but martini toss the cigarette over harding 's head to scanlon . scanlon take off with harding after he , absolutely livid . scanlon pass to billy who pass to martini . everyone in the room be get wire . martini throw it away as harding jump he and nail he to the floor . martini ( hold he hand up ; empty ) all go ! all go ! do not hit ! do not hit ! harding start pound martini 's head on the floor when billy and scanlon jump harding and start pound he . fredrickson pick up the cigarette and stand there watch the fight as he smoke the cigarette as Washington , Warren and Miller move in and start separate the man . mcmurphy , watch the fight , sigh , then deliberately cross toward the nurse ' Station . int . nurse ' station - miss pilbow be Pov - day as mcmurphy reach the nurse ' Station and put he hand through the plate glass window , he fist stop inch from miss pilbow 's startle face . miss pilbow 's scream be add to the SOUND of the shatter window . int . day room - day mcmurphy reach in and pick up he carton of cigarettes . mcmurphy I be sure sorry , mar 'am . gawd , but I be . that window glass be so clean I do not even see it ... mcmurphy turn and cross back to the day room , open the carton of cigarettes as he go . mcmurphy you guy want cigarettes ! here 's the goddamn cigarettes ! mcmurphy start toss package of cigarettes into the mass of struggle body as Washington grab mcmurphy by the arm and try to wheel he away . mcmurphy shake he off and throw a pack of cigarettes in Washington 's face . Washington go after mcmurphy , grab he , and drive he against the wall , right next to bromden , who watch as mcmurphy shove Washington away , go into a crouch and start circle Washington . Washington dance in and out , chipping away at mcmurphy 's face until mcmurphy drive he fist square into Washington 's white , starch chest , draw he against the wall . mcmurphy move in for the kill . WASHINGTON Warren ! Miller ! the acute have stop fight and be watch . mcmurphy tag Washington , then be grab from behind by Warren , who pull he back . Washington move in and go to work on mcmurphy , when bromden grab Washington , from behind , in a bear hug . Miller jump on bromden 's back . bromden , still hold Washington , back up into the wall , squashing Miller , who scream out . ext . hallway to disturbance ward - late afternoon as mcmurphy , bruise from the fight , and bromden , handcuff to a special belt , wait while a aide unlock the first of a double set of heavy security door . the first door be lock , leave mcmurphy , bromden , and the three aide cramme in the small space between the two door while another aide open the second door and mcmurphy and bromden step through , follow by the aide . int . disturbance ward - late afternoon as the aide lock the door behind they , the other aide lead bromden and mcmurphy toward a bench , where they unshackle they . aide ( point to a bench ) wait over there ... the three aide go down the hall , leave mcmurphy and bromden who sit and look at they new surroundings . there be a man sit next to they . mcmurphy's Pov the architecture be the same as the ward we leave below , but it be the atmosphere that be different . a heaviness pervade all . heavily sedate patient sit isolate from each other . other stand shifting from one foot to the other , while other walk up and down the hallway , they locomotive power not unlike that of parkinson 's Disease ( cause by too much sedation ) . suddenly , one patient get up , speak very angrily , shouting incoherently at no one ; he cross the hall and enter a side room . a aide go in after he . a long beat , then the aide come out with the patient and gently lead he back to he seat , talk softly to the man . further down the hallway , a gurney be wheeled out of the east room with a patient lie on it , out cold ; he be wheeled further down the hall to the man 's dorm , where he be leave to sleep it off . two aide come out of the EST room and head in mcmurphy 's direction , where one of the aide motion to the patient sit next to mcmurpby . aide ( cont 'd ) ( approach he very gently ) come on , joey ... this be not go to hurt you ... good for you ... make you feel better ... the patient cling to the bench , terrify , weep . the aide peel he off the bench and escort he down the hall to the EST room . another angle as mcmurphy watch the patient go , he take out a package of gum . take a stick for himself and give bromden one . mcmurphy turn back to he own thought . bromden thank you . mcmurphy look up . a long beat . mcmurphy say it again . bromden thank you . another beat . mcmurphy say ... God bless America ! bromden God bless America . mcmurphy ( slapping he thigh ) goddammit , you sly son-of - a-bitch ! do anybody else know ? bromden no . mcmurphy shit ! this be too much ! ( he mind go a mile a minute ) Chief , I tell you we be gonna bust outta this place a ' make it all the way to Canada before they know what bit them . bromden ca-na-da ... mcmurphy ya like that , Chief , huh ? bromden yeah ... mcmurphy yeah , well , well , well . ' Bout time the rest of the world get a gander at Big Chief bromden cuttin ' down the boulevard , stop just long enough for virgin ... oh , man , I tell you , I tell you , you will have woman trippin ' you and beat you to the floor ... bromden ca-na-da ... mcmurphy shhh , Chief , do not talk . never talk ! remember , this be just between you a ' I . do ya understand ? bromden nod . nurse itsu ( o.s. ) mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy turn to see nurse itsu . the two aide be stand behind she . mcmurphy ( recognize a long - lose friend ) hey , how ya doin ' ? nurse itsu Fine , thank you . ( offer pill ) here , please take this . mcmurphy what be they ? nurse itsu to help you relax ... please ... mcmurphy take the pill and downs they . bromden take he pill . nurse itsu ( cont 'd ) please take off you shoe . mcmurphy take off he shoe . nurse itsu ( cont 'd ) please follow I . mcmurphy ( rise , thumb up ) you a ' I , Chief . mcmurphy , flanke by the two aide , follow nurse itsu to the EST room . mcmurphy ( to itsu ) you know , I never get you name . nurse itsu ( stop at the door ) miss itsu. ( indicate the room ) in here , please . mcmurphy you comin ' in to hold my hand ? nurse itsu no ... mcmurphy yeah ... well , see ya around , itsu . itsu smile at mcmurphy . mcmurphy yeah ... mcmurphy give bromden one last wave and go in . bromden watch the door close behind mcmurphy . int . EST room - late afternoon there be four other aide in there , stand around a empty gurney . a doctor be at the head of the gurney , a nurse alongside of he . mcmurphy ( as he enter ) hi ... mcmurphy look around at the six aide . mcmurphy you boy can take a cigarette break now ... the nurse smile at he . doctor that 's all right , mister mcmurphy , just climb on the bed and lie down ... mcmurphy whatever you say , Doc ... mcmurphy climb on the bed and lie down . the Doctor move around to the side of the bed and take mcmurphy 's pulse , while the nurse dip she finger into a jar of salve . doctor ( to mcmurphy ) this will not hurt you at all ... mcmurphy uh , uh ... the nurse start apply salve to mcmurphy 's temple . mcmurphy what 's that for ? nurse conductant . mcmurphy ( smile up at she ) surely , goodness and mercy will follow this , eh , honey ? doctor ( hold a mouthpiece ) please , put this in you mouth ... mcmurphy take the bit in he tooth . the Doctor move back to the head of the gurney and place the thongs on mcmurphy 's temple . the Doctor nod to the six aide , who move in and gently place they hand , in a very professional manner , on mcmurphy 's knee , hip and shoulder . once set , the Doctor turn to he control . shot of mcmurphy as he look around , not nearly as scared as he be mystify by the whole process , when suddenly , without warning , mcmurphy be hit by the shock . his face be a contort mask of surprise and pain . his whole body catch in a sudden spasm . a moment of rigidity , then mcmurphy pass out and he body relax . another moment , then a series of violent body spasm begin flow down he body . now the aide ' function be very clear , as they press down , hold mcmurphy firmly to the gurney , until the last spasm subside . slow fade out to : fade in : int . day room - day a Group meeting be in progress . Doctor spivey be there . big nurse ( to sefelt ) it 's be bring to my attention that you be give mister fredrickson you medication , be not you , mister sefelt ? sefelt it 's the dilantin that make my gum soft ! big nurse now , Jim , you must be honest with yourself . at the end of the hall , the door open and mcmurphy and bromden enter the visitor ' room , accompany by Washington and Warren . they cross to the security gate , open it and pass into the hallway . Washington and Warren disappear into a room , leave mcmurphy and bromden , who walk slowly towards the day room . the Group meeting continue over as fredrickson raise he hand . big nurse ( cont 'd ) yes , mister fredrickson ? fredrickson I wanna know why the dorm have to be lock in the daytime and on weekend ? taber yeah , why can not a fellow even have the weekend to himself ? cheswick ( stand up ) yeah , whadabout we cigarettes ? big nurse sit down , mister cheswick , and wait you turn ! he sit . big nurse ( cont 'd ) if the dorm be leave open , you would just return to bed after breakfast ... fredrickson so what ? be it a mortal sin ? I mean , normal people get to sleep late on weekend ... big nurse with few exception , time spend in the company of other be therapeutic , while every minute spend brood alone only increase separation . cheswick ( jump up as he see mcmurphy ) mack ! everyone look at mcmurphy and bromden . bromden be as he always be , as mcmurphy slowly drag himself into the day room . he look like a zombie as he take the room in . then , suddenly , he slap he thigh . mcmurphy hey , hey , you ding - a-ling , you creep , you goons ... he enter the room do a jig . the acute ' face light up . mcmurphy I get ten thousand watt and hot to trot . first woman take I on be gonna light up like a pinball machine a ' pay off in silver dollar ... mcmurphy do a full circle of the room , greeting the chronic . but it 's a effort for he . his voice be slower , he footwork slightly out of sync . billy h-h-how 's it g-g-going , mack ? mcmurphy just fine , billy boy , just fine . full of piss a ' vinegar ! they check my plug and clean my point ... big nurse mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy ( turn ) yes , mar 'am ? big nurse welcome back . mcmurphy thank you , mar 'am . big nurse I hope everything be settle . mcmurphy ma'am , I be as gentle as a puppy dog . why , I have not lick the tar out of a aide for two week ! hi ya , Doc ! spivey greet mcmurphy . big nurse good . why do not you join we ? mcmurphy why , thank you , mar 'am ... ( he get a seat and sit heavily ) whew . man , I tell you , that place up there be something ' else ! ( pull it together ) well , ya boy be practicin ' up for the big game ? ( no response ) I figure as much ... billy w-w - we h-heard y- you w-were n-never c-c-come back ! mcmurphy yeah , well , let I tell ya something ' ... while I be up there gettin ' in - lighten , I come up with one hellava plan ... a great sadness suddenly sweep over mcmurphy 's face and he break off . billy wh-wh - what p-plan , m-mack ! no response from mcmurphy . harding what 's you plan , mack ? mcmurphy ( come out of it ) plan ?... oh , yeah , the plan ... yeah ... mcmurphy get up and cross to the window , where he join bromden who be look out the window . reaction shot of the other as they look at mcmurphy and each other with quizzical look . int . gymnasium - day on the court both team be line up take photograph for the local newspaper . the bulb pop a few time . photographer ( wrapping it up ) thank you , boy . the line break up . mcmurphy cross to Big nurse , who sit in the front row . it 's the big Saturday game between the acute and aide , as spectator enter the gymnasium already half - fill with male and female patient , staff member and visitor . Doctor spivey stand nearby at the timer ' table , basketball in hand , whistle around he neck , talk to the timer . mcmurphy miss ratched , would you please save a space for my aunt ? she 's comin ' down from Portland . big nurse certainly , mister mcmurphy , with pleasure . mcmurphy thank you , mar 'am ... o.s. the whistle blows . mcmurphy gotta go now , mar 'am ... big nurse yes . good luck , mister mcmurphy . mcmurphy thank you , mar 'am . mcmurphy cross onto the court . Big nurse watch he go . basketball court Doctor spivey be at half - court , basketball in hand as the player take up they position : Washington face mcmurphy for the jump at center . harding and billy be play guard with Warren and Miller on they . martini and scanlon be in the forward position , with the two white aide cover they . the other acute sit on the bench as substitute . mcmurphy ( to Washington ) hey , Sam , bet ya two buck ya lose . WASHINGTON shit , man , tha ' be not even worth considerin' . mcmurphy how ' bout twenty ? WASHINGTON now you talkin' . mcmurphy Bet ! WASHINGTON Bet you ass ... mcmurphy ( to spivey ) you be a witness , Doc ! spivey I ? I do not hear a thing ! let 's play ball ! spivey check the court , then blow the whistle as he toss the ball into the air . Washington tap the ball to Warren , who pass to Miller , who hand off to Washington , who go up for a layup . two point . the acute have not even move from they spot . the scoreboard read : aide 2 patient 0 . mcmurphy ( take the ball out ) come on , wake up , you ding - a-ling . the game be on . the acute snap to and mcmurphy pass the ball into harding , who fiercely dribble down court , mcmurphy run alongside he . mcmurphy pass the ball , harding ... ( no pass ) do not hang onto it ... ( no response ) pass it , goddammit ! harding dribble into the corner and find himself bottled in by two aide . mcmurphy harding , here , over here ! the ball be snag from harding 's hand by a aide , who pass it down court to another aide , who turn and make another basket . scoreboard : aide 4 patient 0 mcmurphy ( to harding ) ya deaf ! I say pass the ball ! harding what be you talk about ??? everybody be cover !!! everybody be cover !!! mcmurphy I be open ! come on , let 's play ball ! mcmurphy and harding turn to see martini , down court , pass the ball into billy . WASHINGTON ( slapping he hand ) gimme tha ' ball ! billy panic and hand the ball to Washington , who turn around and make another basket . score : aide 6 patient 0 . mcmurphy and harding run down court , mcmurphy take the ball away from martini , who would like to bring it in . mcmurphy ( to Washington ) what kind of crap be that ??? WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) jus ' playin ' the game , sucker ... Washington chuckle and trot on down court . mcmurphy ( to martini ) get down there where ya belong , martini . you , too , scanlon . ( toss ball to harding ) you take it out , harding ! harding take the ball and pass it in to mcmurphy , who turn and dribble down court exactly like harding do . harding ( run alongside mcmurphy ) pass the ball ! ( no response ) pass it ! ( no response ) pass it ! pass it ! I be open , mcmurphy , pass the ball ! mcmurphy stop dead in he track and fling the ball at harding . the ball bounce off harding 's head and go out of bound . the whistle blows . harding spin a few time . mcmurphy ( o.s. ) harding , get back here ! harding turn to see the other team go by . they score another basket . score : aide 8 patient 0. billy take the ball and pass into mcmurphy , who turn to see candy enter the gym , with she friend , rose . mcmurphy ( call out ) candy . candy , over here . ( to Doctor spivey ) hey , Doc , time out . spivey ( blow he whistle ) time out ! mcmurphy toss the ball to spivey , then cross the court to candy and Rose , who have have a couple of drink on the way down . candy mack , you sonofabitch , you ol ' fucker , how have you be ? mcmurphy ( swinging she around in he arm ) terrific , baby , terrific ! ( to Rose ) hi ya doin ' , Rose ? rose okay , mack ! ( look around ) whoowe , candy girl , be we in a insane asylum or be not we ? mcmurphy ( to candy ) how 's you ass be holdin ' up , honey ? candy poke she ass at mcmurphy . he give it a squeeze . o.s. a whistle blows . mcmurphy come on , girl , we be hold up the game ! mcmurphy lead the two lady across the court . the entire gymnasium be rivete on the three of they . as they reach Big nurse : mcmurphy miss ratched , this be my aunt candy and she friend Rose ... greeting be exchange . mcmurphy miss ratched be kind enough to save you lady a seat ... the two lady wedge themselves in next to Big nurse . o.s. the whistle blows . mcmurphy talk to ya at half time ! mcmurphy turn and cross onto the court . candy ( call after he ) sock it to them , kid ! rose ( take in the player ) be they all crazy ? big nurse no . rose oh , just that guy dress in white ? big nurse no , miss , it 's the other way around . rose well , you could have fool I . on the court , mcmurphy throw the ball to martini . martini throw the ball to mcmurphy . mcmurphy throw the ball back to martini . martini throw the ball into the stand . the whistle blows o.s. mcmurphy whadaya doin ' , there 's no one there ! martini I see them ! I see them . harding ( o.s. ) ( shouting ) mack , get back here ! mcmurphy turn to see the other team go by and score a basket . billy pass the ball into memurphy . martini gimme the ball ! mcmurphy ( hold the ball ) okay , martini . that 's okay . now you watch I . mcmurphy dribble the ball down the sideline . stop . go into he routine of ball trick : fake one way , then the other , over he head , under he leg , finally end on a pass behind he back which go straight into Washington 's hand . Washington dribble down court for a easy layup . score : aide 10 patient 0 mcmurphy ( to spivey ) time out ! spivey ( blow he whistle ) time out ! mcmurphy ( shouting to timer ) replacement come in ! harding out ! mcmurphy cross to bromden , take he hand , and lead he onto the court and under the acute ' basket , where he maneuver he into the proper position . then mcmurphy raise he hand above he head and bromden follow suit . mcmurphy ( start back up court ) time in ! ( see harding still on court ) hold it ! time out ! ( to harding ) I say harding out ! harding I refuse ! mcmurphy I say out ! harding ( casting a quick look at he wife ) no ! mcmurphy I be the coach ! harding I just start ! mcmurphy you can come back later ! harding I do not trust you ! mcmurphy ( look for another victim ) scanlon out ! scanlon no ! mcmurphy martini out ! martini no ! mcmurphy look at billy . billy I - I - I - I - I will g-g- g - go , m-m-mack ... mcmurphy good boy , thank you , billy . billy go off and sit by Big nurse . now , the lineup on the bench be billy , Big nurse , candy and Rose . spivey blow the whistle . under the aide ' basket , harding pass the ball into mcmurphy , who dribble to half court , take he mark , and lob the ball over the outstretch arm of the aide right into bromden 's wait hand . bromden turn and slam the ball into the basket . the crowd go bananas . score : aide 10 patient 2 bromden walk in majestic dignity the full length of the court and take up he position under the aide ' basket , while mcmurphy and he teammate have be put tremendous pressure on the aide , not allow they to pass the ball in . as soon as mcmurphy see that bromden be firmly set , hand hold up , under the aide ' basket , mcmurphy turn and run down court , follow by the other acute , where they take up they defensive position . Washington and the aide easily bring the ball down court , work themselves into position , and take a shot at the basket , which bromden swat aside . each aide get a shot at the basket , and each time bromden swat it aside ; send the last swat into mcmurphy 's wait hand . mcmurphy dribble the ball up court , where he run into heavy pressure from Washington . harding ( off to the side of mcmurphy ) mcmurphy , pass the ball ! mcmurphy pass the ball to harding and cut toward the basket . mcmurphy ( as he cut past harding ) harding , pass the ball ! harding ignore mcmurphy , as he run by , and throw the ball to bromden , who turn and slam the ball into the basket . the crowd go bananas . score : aide 10 patient 4 candy ( at the top of she lung ) Atta boy , mack ! ( to Big nurse ) what 's he in for ? big nurse who ? candy mack ! big nurse miss , it 's a complicated case . it would take too long to explain . candy yeah , well , he look like hell ! cheer be heard o.s. candy turn back to the game . camera hold on candy , Big nurse and billy , who be stare at candy . big nurse ( to billy ) billy , it 's not polite to stare ! billy sink back , think it over , then press forward . billy ( to candy ) miss ! candy look at billy . billy ( cont 'd ) hi! candy ( give he a big smile ) hi ... billy sink back in he seat . on the court , mcmurphy dribble down to half court where he be stop by Washington and Warren , who put the squeeze on he . mcmurphy turn and give they he ass to contend with , then manage to throw the ball under he leg and Washington 's leg . the ball roll to martini , who scoops it up and throw it wildly away , the ball ricochet off the backboard and go in for two point . the crowd go bananas . score : aide 10 patient 6 bromden start stride down court when the aide make a fast break past he , but miss they shot . mcmurphy retrieve the ball as bromden , not more than several foot from he own basket , do a about - face and return to he basket where he turn to see mcmurphy lob the ball full court to bromden , who catch the ball on one bounce , turn and slam the ball in for another basket . score : aide 10 patient 8 the crowd go bananas and bromden turn and start stride down the court when he see mcmurphy at the far end of the court yell at he . mcmurphy ( yell and gesture ) run , Chief , run ! bromden get the idea and start lope down court abreast of Washington , who be make another fast break towards he own basket . Washington and bromden go up together and bromden swat the ball to scanlon . mcmurphy ( yell and gesture ) run , Chief , run ! bromden start run towards he own basket , Washington hot on he heel , when the ball be pass to he and he go up , make the point , but take a bad spill , crash head over heel to the floor . the crowd gasp . the whistle blows . spivey ( shouting ) foul ! as mcmurphy charge across court and grab Washington by he shirt ... mcmurphy ( breathe in Washington 's face ) ya fuckin ' coon , you be not on the ward now ! WASHINGTON ( cool as a cucumber ) take you han 's offa I ! spivey come run , blow he whistle . spivey break it up , boy ! ( to timer ) Point count . one free throw ! mcmurphy push Washington away and turn to bromden , who be be help off the floor by harding , as ... martini and scanlon great shot , Chief ! ya okay ? you be doin ' great ! they lead bromden to the foul line . mcmurphy ( to Washington as they line up at the foul line ) we get you black ass now , Washington , wanna bet another twenty ? WASHINGTON no way ... bromden take the ball at the foul line . set himself up and lob the ball underhand . it go in . the crowd go wild . int . men' dorm - night the patient be asleep except for bromden who sit on the edge of he bed watch mcmurphy , he face press against the window , look out . turkle ( approach ) what you boy doin ' up at this ungodly time o' the night ? mcmurphy prayin ' , brother . prayin ' . turkle well , you boy finish it up a ' climb back into you bed . ' Kay ? mcmurphy ' Kay ... the man slide into they bed and turkle go off , cluck to himself . a beat , then mcmurphy rush back to the window and look out . mcmurphy's Pov outside , in the dark , candy and Rose be see wander around . reverse angle - bromden and mcmurphy mcmurphy there they be , Chief ! mcmurphy try to get the girl 's attention and fail . mcmurphy where be they goin ' ? mcmurphy take off , towards the day room , follow by bromden . int . day room - night as the two of they cross into the day room head for the window , turkle stick he head out of the nurse ' station . turkle I think I tell you boy to go to bed ! mcmurphy ( flagging the girl ) we prayer have be answer , turkle ! we prayer have be answer ! mcmurphy's Pov as we see the girl come . reverse angle turkle oh yeah ... mcmurphy I tell ya , there 's a angel of mercy stand out there , turkle . turkle hallelujah , brother , now get back in bed ! mcmurphy come a ' see . turkle come out of the nurse ' station , leave the side window open . turkle ( crossing to mcmurphy ) that angel of mercy , he be not a she , be he ? mcmurphy you 's better believe it , brother ! turkle reach the window and see the girl outside . candy and rose's Pov - the men look out . back to scene as turkle turn to mcmurphy . turkle ah believe ya , brother . ah believe ya ! mcmurphy ( take turkle aside ; hold up $ 20 bill ) now , would not you pray for twenty buck , a bottle booze a ' a piece of that angel cake ? turkle ( take the $ 20 and reach for he key ) ah be on my knee , brother , ah be on my knee . turkle unlock the security screen and raise the window . mcmurphy stick he head out the window . candy and rose ( both slightly tipsy ) hiya , mack . mcmurphy hiya , girl ... turkle shhh ... candy pass a heavy bag of bottle in . then mcmurphy and turkle help she in . her dress be above she thigh , she ass visible as she swing over the windowsill and into mcmurphy 's arm . candy whew ! make it ! mcmurphy ( embrace candy ) man , you look good ' nough to eat ! candy yeah , well you look like hell warm over ... rose ( o.s. ) hey , pssst ! whadda ' bout I ? turkle turn to help Rose in , but she 's not as easy to handle , be a good deal heavier and twice as plaster as candy . turkle hey , Mac ! gimme a hand , will ya ! mcmurphy disengage himself from candy and lend turkle a hand . Rose be finally haul into the room . rose ( giggle ; loud ) whew ! hiya , boy ! turkle shhh ... let 's move it away from the window ... the group shift a few foot as turkle close the window and lock the screen . mcmurphy turn back to candy . mcmurphy ( arm open ) come here , sugar ... candy move into mcmurphy 's arm as Rose , straighten she dress , turn to see bromden loom . Rose scream . turkle what happen ? rose ( back into turkle ) what 's that ? turkle ( mystify ) what ? rose ( point at bromden ) that ! turkle oh , that . that be not nothin ' to be afraid of , mar 'am . just ol Chief bromden . that 's all ... rose be he one of the loony ? mcmurphy he 's a patient , Rose ... rose oh , yeah ... mcmurphy yeah ... rose ( approach bromden tentatively ) hi ya , big boy ? how 's it goin ' ? like it in here ? mcmurphy he can not hear you , Rose . he 's just a big deaf a ' dumb indian ... candy pssst ! hey Rose ! there they be ! rose ( look around ) what ? where ? candy point to the patient sleep in the man 's dorm . candy in there . rose wow ! they be so quiet . turkle they be sleep , miss . they be sleep . a ' we gotta keep it down so we do not disturb they sleep . rose be they dangerous when they be awake ? turkle oh , no , miss . not this loony . this be nice guy . Nice guy . candy what 's that smell ? turkle what smell ? candy smell weird . smell like pneumonia . turkle ammonia , miss ... rose smell like piss . be this real , candy ? be this really real ? I mean we be in a insane asylum , an' I wanna know how we get ourselves into this scene . turkle shhh , please , miss . keep it down ... Rose turn to mcmurphy who have open a bottle of booze and be take a long pull . rose ( to mcmurphy ) who be he ? mcmurphy ( pass the bottle to turkle ) he 's in charge . rose be you a doctor ? turkle ( pass the bottle to Rose ) not exactly , miss . not exactly . rose ( drink and pass the bottle to candy ) yeah , well , I will tell ya somethin' . I will tell ya somethin' . I have this boyfriend , Chuck . ( to mcmurphy ) ya know he , Mac . ya remember , Chuck . mcmurphy sure , I know Chuck . I know he . rose well , listen to this . he get mad at I one day . Boy , do he get mad at I . he take the light bulb , ya know . I think he be go to cram it right up I , ya know . but he eat it . he eat the whole fuck light bulb . ( to turkle ) now , tell I ! be he crazy ? tell I ! be he crazy ? turkle well , miss ... I would say ... I would say , yes . yes , he 's crazy . rose I think so . turkle be he in a asylum ? rose he 's dead . turkle oh , I see . he be a very sick man . very sick . rose that 's what I tell he mother . and she say I be crazy . her son eat the whole fuck light bulb and she say I be crazy . turkle I do not know anything about that , miss . I would have to examine you first ... rose you ol ' fucker ! turkle well , I be run a risk by let you in , miss . you know I be runnin ' a risk of gettin ' my black ass fire . if you understand what I mean ... mcmurphy sure , she understand what you mean . she 's not dumb . why do you think Rose come to visit we ? Rose be very interested in hospital and hospital facility . be not you , Rose ? rose what ? turkle I will be very glad to show you around , miss ... mcmurphy yeah , that 's a good idea , turkle . why do not ya take Rose on a little tour of we facility ... rose wait a minute ... candy it 's okay , Rose . you can go with he . rose oh yeah ! well if ya do not mind , I will decide on my own date ! candy shit , Rose ! what 's there to decide ? there 's only four of we . rose whaddaya talkin ' about ? there 's at least twenty guy in there . let 's wake them up and get this party on the road . turkle now , miss . what do you want with twenty zomby when you get a twenty gun salute look you right in the face . rose oh , yeah ... turkle you better believe it , you sweet little thing . you better believe it ... rose do not you sweet talk I you ol ' spook , you ! turkle oh , I be all through talkin' . now , let 's just you a ' I trip on down that hall . candy go with he , Rose . go with he . rose well , okay , but I just want to look at the facility . that 's all . turkle that 's all I be go to show you . mcmurphy's Pov - turkle and rose as the two of they cross out of the day room toward the hallway , turkle suddenly turn and hurry back to mcmurphy , take the bottle of booze and hurry off cluck to himself . back to mcmurphy and candy . mcmurphy ' Kay , let get under way . mcmurphy cross to package of booze , select another bottle , unscrew the top and take a long pull , then hand the bottle to bromden . mcmurphy down the ol ' hatch , Chief . bromden take a long pull on the bottle , gag and pass the bottle to mcmurphy who cross to the nurse ' station and peek around the corner . mcmurphy as he peek around the corner . mcmurphy's Pov - turkle and rose far down the hallway , as turkle show Rose one room , then another , and then the seclusion room , into which turkle playfully lure Rose , who playfully resist , but finally enter . a beat pass and they do not come out . back to mcmurphy satisfied , he cross to the nurse ' station , reach in the open side - door window , open the door and enter . int . nurse ' station - night as mcmurphy enter the nurse ' station and look around . int . men' dorm - night the patient be all asleep . a very long beat , then -- mcmurphy ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ; very low , ominous , draw out ) who know what evil lurk in the heart of man ... ominous laughter , then the light go flash on and off . mcmurphy ( v.o ) ( through loudspeaker ) medication time ! medication time ! rise and shine ! rise and shine ! time to say goodbye ... everybody up , up , up ! some of the patient immediately pop awake as candy come in and start hustling the patient out of bed . candy up and at them , boy . billy ( waking up ) h-h- hi , candy ... candy hi , billy . int . day room - night music over as the patient be queue up at the nurse ' station where candy be hand out cup full of whiskey , mcmurphy back she up , pour the booze into the cup . harding take he cup and move back into the day room as Ellis automatically downs the booze , gag and go spin off across the hallway and be nail to the wall . quick CUT to : down the hall - turkle stick he head out the door to check the scene out . see what 's happen and come rush down the hallway , without he shirt , and zipping up he pants . int . nurse ' station - night as turkle shove he way to the intercom system and switch off the light and music . turkle ( furiously push they out ) you crazy goons ... shut up a ' get outta here ... out ! out ! out ! int . hallway - night silence as the last man be drive out of the nurse ' station . down the hallway , a light go on in the visitor ' room . turkle shit , it 's the soo-per-visor come to fire my black ass . a key be heard hit the lock at the end of the hallway . without lose a beat , turkle reverse he movement and start push everybody back into the nurse ' station . turkle ( cont 'd ) ( push ) get back in there ! in ! in ! in ! as turkle push the last man into the nurse ' station , he see Rose stick she head out of the seclusion room . turkle ( cont 'd ) ( motion and shouting ) stay in there ! stay in there ! Rose duck back into the seclusion room as , simultaneously , turkle close the door behind he to the nurse ' station as the door to the ward open and the night supervisor , a middle age woman , enter the ward . int . nurse ' station - night as turkle , shushing the crowd , make he way to the nurse ' lounge and open the door . turkle ( harsh whisper ) alla ya goons , get in here ! the patient pile into the nurse ' lounge , turkle cram the last one through the door and close it . he turn and cross to the side door and step out . int . hallway - night as turkle step out of the nurse ' station , close the door behind he . night supervisor oh , there you be , mister turkle . turkle evenin ' , mar 'am . night supervisor be everything all right ? turkle ( block she way to the day room ) why , sure , mar 'am ... night supervisor the light be flash on and off , mister turkle . turkle jus ' cleanin ' up , mar 'am . night supervisor at this hour ? turkle cleanliness be a twenty - four-hour job , mar 'am ... harding pass by and enter the latrine . night supervisor what be this man do up wander around ? turkle ( lean in ) ah guess the native be restless , mar 'am ... night supervisor ( get a whiff of he breath ) you have be drink on the job again , have not you , mister turkle ! turkle ah , no , mar 'am ... well , yes , mar 'am ... ( lean in close ) a man get awful lonely at night , if ya know what ah mean , mar 'am ... down the hall , Rose stick she head out the door , see what 's happen , and duck back in as the night supervisor turn on she heel and start back down the hallway , turkle at she heel . night supervisor I want that man put back to bed , mister turkle ! turkle yes , mar 'am ... night supervisor and you have not hear the last of this ! turkle yes , mar 'am ... she open the gate , slam it behind she , cross to the main door , oper it and exit to : turkle ( cont 'd ) ( call after she ) night , night . turkle turn and the smile leave he face as he hurry down the hallway . o.s. the toilet flush as turkle stop at the seclusion room and stick he head in . turkle ( cont 'd ) be right back , honey ... turkle close the door , cross down to the nurse ' station , and enter as harding come out of the latrine . int . nurse ' station - night as turkle enter , cross to the nurse ' lounge and open the door to see the patient , silhouett against the open refrigerator light , move around , pull the room apart . it smack of Dante 's inferno as turkle snap on the light and step into the room . int . nurse ' lounge - night as turkle step into the room and see the extent of the plunder . the filing cabinet be open . so be the medicine cabinet . roll of medical gauze be strewn around , cough syrup and orange juice be flow . the patient start pile out of the room , carry they plunder . fredrickson and sefelt be see sit on the floor , in front of the open refrigerator , look through they dossier . fredrickson Christ , they even get my first grade report card here ... sefelt lemme see ... sefelt lean in , unintentionally tipping a bottle of cough syrup in he hand which go " glug , glug , glug ... " all over the papers . sefelt ( cont 'd ) Jesus , they be terrible grade , Fred ... turkle stoically take in the shattered remain of he job , unscrew the top to he bottle of whiskey , and take the biggest swig of he life as , o.s. , Rose be heard scream . int . hallway - night as Rose , naked as the day she be bear , run scream down the hall , Ellis lope after she , reach out he hand . int . day room - night as the other , who be lay out food , drink booze and string up hospital gauze , turn to see Rose enter the room . she run behind mcmurphy , press she body to he , as he gently take hold of Ellis ' outstretch hand . mcmurphy ( to Rose ) do not scream , honey ... he gently guide Ellis to the wall , with Rose still cling to he back . mcmurphy Ellis be not gonna hurt you ... Ellis be nice ... Nice Ellis ... see the nice lady ... he pin Ellis to the wall . mcmurphy there , see , nice lady touch Ellis ... Rose reach out and touch Ellis . the other stand agog , look at this Holy trinity . dissolve to : int . day room - night a soft nostalgic number be heard over loudspeaker as harding , billy and cheswick watch mcmurphy dance with candy , fredrickson with sefelt and Rose , who be dress , dance with taber . martini and scanlon be busy drape hospital gauze around the room . bromden sit by the window -- wait . dissolve to : int . day room - night another soft nostalgic number be heard over loudspeaker as mcmurphy , candy , harding , cheswick , taber , sefelt and fredrickson watch Rose , on a table , do a solo bump - and grind dance , while martini and scanlon race around the room in wheelchair . billy sit , watch candy and mcmurphy , who sit across the room . candy be tired and bored . mcmurphy be drunk and start to fade . candy it 's time to hit the road , mack ... mcmurphy ( snap at she ) do not worry ' bout the road ! we will hit the road ! it will be there when we be ready ! ( to the room ) ai not that right , fella ? he get up and cross to he friend . mcmurphy I jus ' want you guy to have a good time ... be ya havin ' a good time ? you ... you ... good ... good ... lez have some fun ... he turn to see billy , who be not have fun . mcmurphy whatsa matter with ya ... billy turn away and mcmurphy cross to he . mcmurphy ai n'tcha havin ' a good time ... ( no response ) whadaya want ? ya wanna drink ? a cigarette ... billy look up at mcmurphy , he eye be flood with tear . mcmurphy whatsamatter , kid , what 's botherin ' you ...? billy ah-ah - ah - be y-y - y - you g-g-g-going t-t - t - to muh-muh - muh -marry she ? mcmurphy marry who ? billy c-c-c-c -candy ! mcmurphy candy ? Hell no , billy , she 's just a good friend , that 's all ... billy wu-wu -wu i- I - I - I th-th - think sh-sh sh-she 's th-th - th - the ma-ma- ma- most bu- bu- bu-beautiful wu- wu - wu-woman in th- th - the whole world ! a long beat as mcmurphy look at billy , then candy , then billy . mcmurphy ( softly ) why do not ya go tell 'er ... billy do not move . mcmurphy go on , son , now 's you chance ... billy slowly cross toward candy , stop halfway to look back at mcmurphy , who give he a affirmative gesture . he cross to candy , who just look at he . billy c-c - candy , wu - wu - will y-y - you mu - mu marry I ! candy ah , billy ... candy rise , kiss billy on the cheek , and dance with he . mcmurphy beam on the twosome , unscrew he whiskey bottle , take a long pull on the juice , and look at bromden . bromden sit by the window wait . dissolve to : int . day room - night as the music end . a long silence , then another number begin as mcmurphy , who have nodd off , start awake and look around . mcmurphy's Pov bromden sit by the window wait . cheswick be asleep on the table . martini and scanlon be sit in they wheelchair fill they cup from through the enema tube . harding sit , maintain he aloofness , smoking a cigarette . sefelt be sit on the floor , in a drunken stupor , while fredrickson dance around he . candy and billy stand , lock in each other 's arm , sway to the music . mcmurphy struggle to he foot , steady himself , cross to the nurse ' station . int . nurse ' lounge - night as mcmurphy enter and go to turkle , who be dead asleep . mcmurphy lift turkle 's key and leave . int . day room - night as mcmurphy cross to billy and candy , and gently parting they , he put he arm around they -- as much for support as affection . mcmurphy come on , you lover , it 's gettin ' late ... they move toward the hallway . bromden and harding be the only two who watch they go . int . hallway - night as mcmurphy pass several door , reach the door of he choice , fumble with the key , find the right one , and open the door to the seclusion room . mcmurphy ( stand aside ) in ya go ... billy ( hold back ) m-m-m-mack ? mcmurphy it 's okay , kid . everything it go to be okay ... I will come back a ' getcha in a while ... ' Kay ... candy and billy , hand in hand , enter the small room , which have a bed in it . mcmurphy close the door , look at the key , and pocket they . camera track with mcmurphy , who be a very weary man , back into the day room . int . day room - night music over loudspeaker as mcmurphy crash heavily into he chair . he can hardly keep he eye open as he look around . harding sit nearby . taber be lie on a couch , he head in Rose 's lap . cheswick be asleep on the table . Ellis stand nail to the wall . bromden sit by the window -- wait . camera hold on bromden . mcmurphy ( v.o. ) hey , harding , wake I in a hour . harding ( v.o. ) sure , mack ... camera push into window . time lapse shot of the dawn and SUN rising . WASHINGTON ( v.o. ) ( very far away ; get closer ) bibbit ? where 's Bill bibbit , ya damn goons ? int . day room - early morning as Washington jostle mcmurphy awake . WASHINGTON come on , get over there ! mcmurphy allow himself to be lead to the heavy security partition , by the man 's dorm , where all the patient be line up . it be morning and the day room be a mess : a few chair turn over . Paper cup and empty bottle . puddle of cough syrup , orange juice and apple juice work into sticky mass . Rose sit by herself on the couch . bromden be the last one lead to the lineup , where Big nurse wait . big nurse thank you , mister Washington ! mister mcmurphy , do you know where billy be ? mcmurphy shrug " no . " big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister harding , have you see billy ? harding shrug " no . " big nurse ( cont 'd ) mister sefelt ... Big nurse 's question be cut off as all the patient and attendant turn they head toward the hallway and start laugh . Big nurse turn to see turkle , without he shirt on , walk into the seclusion room and close the door behind he . Big nurse turn and start down the hallway , the laughter trail after she when , suddenly , the laughter break off as Big nurse stop and in the silence , she open the door . int . seclusion room - early morning as Big nurse open the door to see candy snuggle up to billy , who lie there , eye close , a smile on he face . turkle ( buttone up he shirt ) Morning , miss ratched ... he slide out of the room as billy open he eye . a long beat as they look at each other . billy m-m-m-m-m-m- Big nurse shake she head and exit , close the door behind she . int . hallway - morning as Big nurse head for the day room , walk straight for mcmurphy when : billy ( o.s. ) ( shouting ) m-m-m-miss ratched ! Big nurse stop and turn to see billy , half naked , pull he pajama pants up as he run , stumbling toward Big nurse . billy ( cont 'd ) ( cry out as he run ) p-p-p-please du - du - do not t-t - t-tell m-m- my muh-muh-muh-mummy ! he trip on he pajamas and fall sprawling at Big nurse 's foot , he bare ass expose to all . billy ( cont 'd ) ( blubber as he rise ) p-p-p-please du-du-du - do not t-t tell she , p-p-please ... big nurse you should have think about that before you bring that woman in here ! billy n-n- n - n- no , no , I du -du-du-did not , I do not ! big nurse I do not want you mother to believe something like this but what be I to think ? billy sh-sh - sh - she m-m-made m-m- I do it ! big nurse billy , that girl could not have pull you in there forcibly ... billy sh-sh - she do ! everybody do ! big nurse who ? tell I ! billy m-m-muh-muh-mcmurphy ! mcmurphy ahhh , billy ... billy ( catch in he own anxiety ) p-p-p-please duh-duh-duh -duh t-t tell , m-m-m - miss r-r - ratched , y-y you do not need to ! big nurse get up , billy . billy ( scream ) no! no ! no ! billy pitch forward and collapse on the floor , scream , pound he fist and foot against the floor . billy ( cont 'd ) n-n-n-n-duh-duh-duh-pl-pl-pl-pl-muh muh-muh ... big nurse ( ignore mcmurphy ) mister Washington . mcmurphy ( helplessly to billy ) hey , billy , stop cryin ' . you do not have to cry ... you be not get nothin ' to be ashamed of . she be not gonna tell you mother ... stop cry ... WASHINGTON yes , miss ratched ! big nurse ( to Washington ) put he in Doctor spivey 's office ! WASHINGTON yes , miss ratched ... Washington nod to Warren and the two of they scoop billy off the floor and carry he scream to Doctor spivey 's office as Big nurse cross into the nurse ' station and pick up the phone as candy ease she way into the day room and join mcmurphy . a beat , then Miller start herding the patient toward the washroom , stay clear of mcmurphy and bromden , who do not move . mcmurphy pull the key out of he pocket . mcmurphy ( to candy ) let 's go ! mcmurphy check the nurse ' station , see Big nurse be busy on the telephone . mcmurphy ( to bromden ) let 's go , Chief ... mcmurphy cross to the window , follow by bromden , candy and Rose , where he begin fumble with the lock . miller as he herd the patient out of the day room . he turn to see mcmurphy try to open the screen . Miller cross to mcmurphy . miller hey , what 's go here ? mcmurphy turn around and punch Miller . int . nurse ' station - morning as Big nurse , still on the phone , see Miller go sprawling across the floor . she grab the intercom . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ) Washington ! Warren ! to the day room , immediately ! int . day room - morning mcmurphy open the screen , raise the window , and help candy and Rose out as Washington and Warren converge on they . mcmurphy and bromden wheel around . Washington , Warren and Miller appear around the corner , take one look , and head straight for mcmurphy . WASHINGTON ( stop just short ) ' Kay , let 's have the key a ' nobody get hurt ! Washington 's word be cut off as , o.s. , nurse pilbow scream ... a bloodcurdle scream . they turn to see nurse pilbow enter the nurse ' station , she uniform splatter with blood , hysterically talk to Big nurse ( we can not hear she ) . Big nurse and nurse pilbow rush out of the nurse ' station and head down the hallway . mcmurphy be glue to the spot . candy ( call from outside ) come on , come on , let 's go ! mcmurphy hesitates , then move across the day room toward the hallway . int . doctor spivey' office - morning camera shoot toward the door , cramme full of patient , who stare at the scene with curious detach look , as Big nurse and nurse pilbow force they way through the patient . the crowd part and Big nurse stop in the doorway , horrify at what she see . camera hold on Big nurse 's reaction . a beat , then mcmurphy appear alongside Big nurse and be stricken by what he see . mcmurphy and big nurse's Pov - reverse shot - doctor spivey' office the office be splatter with blood . billy be lie face up , hang over spivey 's desk , dead . his throat and both wrist be cut . a break picture frame , contain a photograph of spivey 's family , lie nearby . mcmurphy billy , oh , billy boy ... mcmurphy cross into the room and kneel alongside billy 's body . he gently lay he hand on billy 's face . big nurse get away from he ! do not you dare touch he ! mcmurphy turn and leap at Big nurse , grab she throat ; he drive she into the acute and nurse pilbow . int . hallway - morning as mcmurphy , Big nurse , nurse pilbow and several acute go down , arm and leg intertwined , kick , try to get away as mcmurphy strangle Big nurse . nurse pilbow scream , as Washington , Warren , Miller rush in , try to break he hold on Big nurse 's throat , she face turn blue . mcmurphy 's face , twisted by he passion , when Washington land a rabbit punch and memurphy 's face relax as he pass out . dissolve to : int . day room - day music over loudspeaker . the day room be as it be in the beginning . harding be deal out a game of blackjack to martini , scanlon , cheswick and fredrickson . taber , pencil in band , sit ponder over a blank sheet of paper . ruckly be turn a grimy photograph over in he hand . bancini sit wag he head , mumble over and over , " tire ... awful tired ... " Ellis stand against the wall , arm outstretch . harding ( v.o. ) ( over last scene , in mcmurphy 's style ) okay , sucker , place you bet ... int . hallway - day bromden be mop the floor near the security gate to the visitor ' room , when a key hit the lock . bromden look up expectantly . bromden' Pov as sefelt and Miller enter the visitor ' room , cross to the security gate and pass into the hallway . bromden go back to he mop . int . day room - day as sefelt jauntily enter the day room . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ) do everything go well , mister sefelt ? sefelt turn to the nurse ' station where , inside , Big nurse sit very erect , wear a back brace that reach up around she neck . sefelt show he tooth and gum to Big nurse . big nurse ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( through loudspeaker ) that 's very nice . now , do not that make you feel better , mister sefelt ? sefelt yes , mar 'am ... big nurse good ... she turn back to she work . sefelt cross to the card game , where he sit and catch fredrickson 's attention ; show he he tooth . fredrickson smile at sefelt and blow he a kiss . harding ( who have be deal ) Big Ace ... a lovely lady ... another ace ... a ' a little trey , hey , hey , whadaya say ... hit or sit ? scanlon hit ! sefelt ( to fredrickson ) ya know what , Fred ? fredrickson what ? harding ( deal a card to scanlon ) Big king , too bad ... sefelt just wait till you hear ... harding hear what ? sefelt mcmurphy kill two attendant and escape ... harding when ? sefelt yesterday ... harding who tell you that ? sefelt Gary blinker ... scanlon Gary blinker 's fulla shit ! martini he 's not ! scanlon he be ! harding slam he card down on the table , rise and cross to the nurse ' station where he tap on the side window . Big nurse get up , cross to the window and slide it open . big nurse yes , mister harding ? harding be it true mcmurphy kill two attendant and escape yesterday ? big nurse no. mister harding , that be not true . dissolve to : int . hallway - late afternoon bromden be squatting , lean against the wall near the security gate to the visitor ' room , when a key hit the lock . he look up expectantly . this time it be mcmurphy . or what be mcmurphy , for he head be bandage , and he tongue hang out of he mouth as he be lead across the visitor ' room by a attendant . mcmurphy show bromden no sign of recognition , which bromden pay no attention to , think mcmurphy be put on the same act he do when he come back from electro - shock therapy . bromden joyously turn and run down the hallway to the day room . int . day room - late afternoon as bromden cross into the day room , get a seat , and sit face the hallway , burst with expectation . a long beat , then the attendant appear with mcmurphy and tap at the side door to the nurse ' station . the acute break off they card game and look at mcmurphy ; they face hang open at he appearance . Big nurse cross to the side door , open it , and step out into the day room . to the attendant as she take mcmurphy by the arm : big nurse thank you ... attendant yes , mar 'am ... the attendant exit . big nurse ( to mcmurphy ) now , let 's find you a place to sit , shall we , mister mcmurphy ? Big nurse gently guide mcmurphy to a seat on the chronic ' side of the room . bromden can hardly contain himself as he wait for mcmurphy to go into he act . the acute have already absorb the reality of mcmurphy 's condition as they exchange look with each other . fredrickson ( whisper ) lobotomy ... harding yeah ... scanlon yeah , that Gary blinker be fulla shit ... the acute turn back to they card game as harding shuffles and deal the card out . bromden keep he eye glue to Big nurse and mcmurphy . big nurse ( sit mcmurphy down ) here now , you sit here ... that 's it ... Big nurse pat mcmurphy 's face and cross back to the nurse ' station . mcmurphy just sit there , he head lolling to one side . bromden wait for mcmurphy to go into he routine . mcmurphy just sit there . bromden snap he finger and slap he thigh , then wait for mcmurphy to follow suit . mcmurphy just sit there slobbering . bromden slap he thigh again . no response from mcmurphy . the music plays on . dissolve to : int . men' dorm - daybreak as bromden stand by the window look out . a long beat , then he turn into the room and look around . bromden' Pov the patient be all asleep . the new night attendant be fast asleep in the nurse ' station . bromden quietly take he pillow and go to mcmurphy 's bed , where he kneel and put he head very close to mcmurphy 's . a long beat as bromden study mcmurphy 's face . bromden ( whisper in mcmurphy 's ear ) when I first come here I be so scared of be lose I have to holler so they could track I ... I figure anything be better than be lose ... on the last word , bromden place he pillow over mcmurphy 's face and begin to suffocate he . mcmurphy start thrashing and bromden lie full length on mcmurphy . a long beat , then the thrashing end . bromden get off mcmurphy , replace he pillow , and cross down the aisle toward the day room . int . day room - daybreak the night attendant continue to sleep as bromden pass the nurse ' station , head for the tub room . int . tub room - dawn as bromden cross to the heavy machine which mcmurphy have once try to lift , size it up , then bend over and take hold and heave . the grinding weight be heard as bromden exert all he strength , slowly lift the machine off the floor , balance it above he shoulder , then cross out of the tub room . int . day room - dawn as bromden come around the corner and past the sleep night attendant in the nurse ' station . bromden line himself up with the window across the room , then start toward it , pick up speed as he go . then , at the last moment , he stop and , with a enormous effort , he hurl the machine through the security screen and the window . a loud crash . in the nurse ' station , the night attendant start awake and look around . too late as bromden vault through the window . camera hold on window as bromden run across the grounds and disappear into the pine tree . int . day room - dawn as the night attendant come out of the nurse ' station and look confusedly around . then he spot the shattered window . ext . countryside - extreme long shot - sunrise Rolling hill , forest and distant mountain , bath in sunlight , as bromden run across a far-off meadow . credit over . the end