one Way passage MAIN title over a ocean liner anchore in a harbor . dissolve to image of the cast with they name and role superimposed , over which we hear the film 's love theme . fade out fade in ext . hong kong - day a couple of shot from stock footage of the city . superimposed text read : hongkong dissolve to int . SALOON - day swing door open as the camera track through they and into the crowded barroom . it 's lunchtime on November , 21 , 1932 , and the place be full of westerner , mostly civilian but also some scattered sailor . we hear a trio sing " if I have my Way , " a pop ballad from 1913 . we have miss the first line of the chorus ( " if I have my way , dear , forever there would be " ) but it hardly matter : trio ( sing lustily ) a garden of rose for you and for I ... we pan over to a piano keyboard where a burn cigarette be balanced upright on the next - to - last key . the pianist , accompany the singer , snatch the butt and take a drag . trio a thousand and one thing , dear , I would do ... we pan over to the trio stand in a corner by the swinging door -- three ugly , heavyset westerner , two man and a woman . someone toss they a coin from off screen and the guy in the center fail to catch it . he have to bend over to pick it up off the floor . trio just for you , just for you , just for you . another coin be throw . this time , the guy on the leave fail to catch it . the coin fall toward the floor with a loud metallic clank . the singer look down at the floor . we pan down just long enough to reveal a spittoon near the singer 's foot , then pan back up to the singer who reluctantly decide not to retrieve that particular coin . never once during all this do they miss a note . trio if I have my way , you would never grow old , and sunshine I would bring every day ... on the word " day , " a female patron approach the heavy woman and whisper a question in she ear . conveniently , there be a pause in the song , just long enough for the singer to reply : heavy woman ( brusquely ) first door to you leave , dearie . the female patron depart . we track down the crowded bar and see : two sailor and a bartender toast one another with huge glass of beer ; a bartender pour drink for other sailor and they " date " ; various civilian man and woman wear the latest style ; uniform chauffeur ; ship 's officer and crew of various nationality ; etc . at one point , we briefly glimpse someone carry away the spittoon to retrieve the coin . trio you would reign all alone like a queen on a throne , if I have my way . the song end . patron applaud . we pause at a middle - age american bartender mixing a complicated drink . he grin and speak to a unseen patron who sit at the bar , just off screen . bartender # 1 I have not make one of this since the fourth of July . in the background , we hear the trio begin a new song , another standard , this one from 1918 : '' till we meet again . " the bartender take a long whiff of the drink 's aroma and add some more ingredient . bartender # 1 I be makin ' one when the quake hit " Frisco . the bartender stir the drink expertly and glance around . bartender # 1 believe I , friend , I would not go to all this trouble for any of this foreigner . with great pride , he add a few finish touch , pour the content into a glass and top it off with a olive . the unseen patron 's hand reach in to pick up the glass but the bartender raise a finger at he . bartender # 1 uh uh . gotta wait a minute to let the oil sink in . the patron withdraw he hand . toss a lemon slice behind he back and catch it in midair , the bartender twist it with a flourish over the glass . he inspect the drink closely , glance at the patron , then give the lemon slice another grand twist before proudly slide the glass away . simultaneously , we hear the trio conclude they song to much applause . bartender # 1 there you be , partner . you can tell you grandchild about that one . finally , we catch we first sight of the patron , dan hardesty , a handsome thirtyish american man , as he put the glass to he lip . but before he can drink he 's bump into from behind by a woman with she back to he . half the drink spill out and end up on the floor . Dan turn angrily to the woman who wear a big floppy hat . dan say , what in the name of --?! the woman , a dark - haire american beauty name joan AMES , also turn and the two come face to face . she , too , have spill some of she drink and be wide - eye with anger . but as soon as they eye meet , they attitude change . both be somehow instantly smitten . and both realize they be hold the same obscure cocktail . in the background , we hear the pianist play the film 's bittersweet love theme . after a pause , Joan find she voice first . joan why , I be so sorry . dan ( a slight grin ) I be so glad . joan ( off he glass ) such a beautiful drink , too . dan yes . paradise cocktail . ( glance at he ) seem to be a few drop leave . joan ( steadily ) always the most precious , the last few drop . that 's luck . dan ( surprised ) yes . ( beat ) uh , my name be Dan . joan mine 's Joan . dan hello , Joan . joan hello , Dan . they shake hand like old friend . dan May we , er , drink to we meeting ? joan we should . ( raise she glass ) here 's ... here 's " hail and farewell . " dan oh , that seem a bit ruthless . let 's say , uh -- abruptly , two german voice drift in from the crowd -- apparently a couple of sailor say " till we meet again " to each other -- " auf wiedersehen ! " " auf wiedersehen ! " -- Dan glance in they direction , then turn back to Joan and raise he glass , inspire . dan auf wiedersehen . Joan look at Dan sadly for a beat and then agree : joan auf wiedersehen . they swallow they drink , never take they eye off one another . Dan hold he empty glass by the stem and slowly turn it upside - down . Joan watch , puzzle , as Dan smashes the top of the glass against the side of the bar and drop the stem on the countertop where it roll back and forth for a moment . he grin at Joan who promptly respond in kind , smash she glass and place she stem on top of he , much to he surprise and delight . we get a close view of the cross stem . Dan gallantly tip he hat to Joan . dan and so . Dan appear ready to leave but Joan put a arm on he . joan please . shall I introduce you to my friend ? Joan gesture to some people crowded behind she at the bar . Dan glance at they and think it over but decide against it . dan I think not . luck have allow we a few drop of a paradise cocktail -- joan and that would destroy the charm . you be right . let 's trust luck will come again . Joan put she hand in dan' . they stare into each other 's eye for a long moment . a dark look cross she face . her eye waver and , with a slight grin , she abruptly turn she back on he , as if he be suddenly a total stranger . Dan look thoughtful and puzzle but take it in stride . he turn and head for the swinging door . Joan turn and stare , watch he walk away . one of Joan 's friend notice she interest and watch , too . joan' friend known he long ? joan ever so long . joan' friend where ? joan I - I can not quite remember . joan' friend ( wryly ) better skip a few cocktail , darling . Joan watch sadly as Dan exit out the saloon 's swinging door . he pause just outside and turn back to look over the top of the door at Joan . after @ moment , he raise a hand in farewell . at the bar , Joan force a smile and wave at Dan , just as the pianist strike up a happier tune and she friend crowd around she . joan' friend come on , everybody . how about a little drink to Joan ? another friend ( hand Joan a drink ) Joan , we be drink to you . joan' friend to Joan , dear . Joan , distract by she friend , turn she back on Dan -- and fail to see any of the follow : at the swinging door , Dan - he hand still raise - suddenly freeze with fear . his face cloud over , he eye lower -- and he slowly , cautiously , raise he other hand . it look as if he 's surrender . and he be . we pan down as one of the door swing open briefly to reveal a automatic pistol point into Dan 's side . we pan up to show the guy hold the pistol : a tough -look , square - jaw man name steve burke . burke it 's be a long chase , Dan . dan ( never lose he cool ) yes . what detain you ? burke lean in to pat down he captive . burke never mind the wisecrack . Dan catch a whiff of burke 's breath . dan still on the garlic , huh ? burke , insulted , back off a little . burke well , nevertheless , it look like you be out of luck this time . dan ( nod ) apparently . Dan desperately knock the gun out of burke 's hand . flash CUT of the gun hit the pavement outside the saloon . dan and burke struggle momentarily but burke be the bigger man and Dan be no match for he -- one punch in the jaw from burke knock he silly and drive he backwards . ext . SALOON and STREET - continuous burke easily push a stunne Dan into a nearby wall like a rag doll . burke handcuffs himself to Dan , then shake he captive violently to wake he up . burke come on ! come out of it ! Dan regains consciousness , blink at burke , look down at the cuff unhappily , and nod , reluctantly accept the situation . dan okay , you win . burke I always win . if you try to pull another break like that on I , I will deliver you in a basket . let 's go . the two man pull they sleeve over the cuff in a vain effort to look inconspicuous as they start walk away from the saloon . while Dan cast a brief , backward glance at the swinging door , burke stoops and retrieve he pistol , pockete it . as they walk leisurely down the street , various passersby gawk and point at the two handcuff man . dan well , now what ? burke the boat . and then , uh , San quentin . dan can I get my clothes ? burke oh , they be on the boat . dan considerate . burke yeah . dan ( rub he sore jaw ) you know , I think I ditch you way back in Berlin . burke when I leave ' Frisco , the chief say to I , " Steve , do not come back alone . '' and he know I would not . burke abruptly stop and stare at something off screen . Dan , still walk forward , be jerk back . burke I will be a son of a sea cow . Dan and burke watch as skippy , a tipsy little american man in a straw boater and bow tie , wait for a chinese shop owner to turn he back . skippy instantly snatch a alarm clock from a display and smoothly hide it in he jacket . but , just as instantly , the alarm clock go off , ringing loudly . the chinese shop owner turn to look at skippy who roll he eye in disgust , sigh , and return the clock to its proper place , give it a light tap . it stop ringing as skippy stagger drunkenly out of the shop and encounter Dan and burke . burke well , if it be not the light - finger skippy . skippy ( a happy drunk ) hello , Dan ! dan hello , skippy . burke ( to skippy ) so this be you hide - out . Hong Kong must be pretty soft . skippy ( nod ) I like it fine . burke yeah , well , ya better walk around that u.s.a. of America like it be a swamp . skippy ( to Dan ) it 's gettin 's so a guy can not go nowhere nowadays without bumpin ' into all sort of people . burke duluth want you , Detroit want you , Sacramento want you . skippy I be want everywhere and welcome nowhere . I be just a vagabond . ( spot the hand - cuff , to Dan ) ohhh , that 's too bad . dan you can not win all the time . burke ( to Dan , lead he away ) come on . skippy anything I can do for you here , Dan ? dan ( off burke ) you might poison he . Dan and burke walk off down the street . skippy call after they . skippy hey , flatfoot ! burke look back at skippy with annoyance . skippy tell that bull I be a alien ! ha ha ha ha ! ha ha ha ha ha ha . skippy 's laugh be even more irritate than he be . the handcuff man walk on -- burke peeve , Dan understandably glum . fade out fade in ext . ocean liner - that afternoon a loud boat whistle blow . a sign read : sailing today 3 p.m. S. S. maloa to san francisco " stopover in honolulu " we dissolve to a brief glimpse of the railing on the liner 's deck , then dissolve to Dan and burke , still cuffed , as they approach the railing and lean against it . dan stateroom be like a turkish bath . thanks for the outing . they mop they face with handkerchief . burke oh , I could not stand it myself . dan thanks anyhow . ( off the handcuffs ) say , how long ? the cuff ? burke I be takin ' no chance . they break five of my pal when you escape . dan well , that be not right . they do all they could . they be shoot at I for three block . burke yeah , well , it 's lucky for you I be not among ‘em . dan yes ... Dan 's attention be catch by something : a sailor on the opposite side of the deck , lock the railing into place . dan ... undoubtedly . Dan glance around and find that he hand rest near the lock mechanism of the railing they be lean against . he look thoughtful , then glance at burke . dan I may as well tell you now , I be not such a good sailor . burke hmph ! get seasick , huh ? dan mm . burke well , ya better enjoy everything while ya can , good or bad . dan I suppose that include be harness to you , garlic and all . stung again , burke be about to say something , then change he mind . burke well , anyway , you better stand it and like it . dan ' rraid I can not agree to like it . suppose this ship be to sink . imagine my embarrassment to be find dead anchore to you . burke this ship be not goin ' to sink . dan oh ? they have be know to . burke well , listen , sucker , when it do , I will make you a little present of this . burke pull the handcuff key out of he vest pocket , show it to Dan , then pocket it again . dan when I be a kid , I use to swim around a pier like that . remember you kid swim day ? burke ( increasingly irritate ) no. dan do not you ever have a boyhood ? can not you swim ? burke no . dan ha ! burke what 's so funny ? dan I be wonder what you would do if you be a cop in Venice . burke be that suppose to be a funny crack ? dan well , it have its humorous side . without burke see , Dan rapidly unlock the railing mechanism , push the railing hard to make it swing free , then jump backward off the deck , drag burke with he as he fall . the two disappear over the side . CUT wide as Dan and burke fall backward into the water below , still cuffed together . they hit the surface with a splash and disappear from view again . in the water Dan and burke bob to the surface . Dan force burke 's body under the water and dig around in burke 's vest pocket for the handcuff key . somehow , he be able to find it and unlock he cuff as the two man struggle . burke try to come up for air but Dan force he down again . somewhere above , a whistle blow and someone shout , " man overboard ! " on deck officer and passenger rush to the ship 's side to see what 's happen . in the water Dan look up to see : on deck a crowd gather at the railing , peer down at he . in the water with all that people watch , Dan have no choice but to haul burke out of the water by he hair . on deck a even larger mob gather . in the water Dan reluctantly put a arm around burke and start swim for shore . dan ( to the crowd ) it 's all right , I have get he ! on deck among the passenger watch with concern be none other than Joan . she peer down at the two man in the water , fail to recognize Dan . in the water Dan struggle toward shore with a unconscious burke in tow . peer up , he see : on deck ( telephoto zoom shot from below ) Joan , wear she big floppy hat , lean over the railing . in the water Dan see Joan ( and she hat ) and smile in recognition . he keep swim . on deck the crowd of onlooker , group near a raise anchor , watch with interest . in the water Dan reach a wooden pier and help burke on to a float log lash to it . dan here ya be . reach for the log . hold on . burke , regain consciousness , grip the log as Dan pull himself atop it . straddle the log , Dan help burke out of the water . on deck the crowd at the anchor watch in relief . in the water Dan and burke sit on the log . Dan rise . dan lucky for you I know where that key be . burke ( still daze ) yeah . thanks . Dan help burke to a nearby ladder . dissolve to : int . dan and burke's stateroom - later Dan put on dry clothes as burke , already change , sit behind he , check and holster he pistol . burke hey , you know , somebody must have leave that rail unfasten . leanin ' there and , all of a sudden , we be in the ocean . dan ( dryly ) yes . we ought to sue the company . burke I still can not see why you save my life with what 's face you . dan ah , suppose we do not discuss that . burke well , anyway , I - I kind o' feel like I ought to do you a little favor . dan what ? for a little thing like you life ? Dan hear the click of the handcuffs behind he and glance in burke 's direction . pan over to burke hold the open handcuffs in he hand . dan I will tell you what you can do . burke what ? dan that be not particularly become to the well - dress man . ' side , once this ship 's at sea , there 's no chance for a getaway . kind o' tough on both of we to be irone . what do you say ? burke look at the cuff and think it over . after a beat , he pocket they . burke all right , Dan . dan ( surprised but pleased ) thanks . burke but if you try to pull a fast one on I , I will knock you off cold . be that understand ? dan obviously . burke I be not kiddin’ . dan well , I could not suspect you of that . burke give Dan a double take . Dan look amused . dan well , it 's kind of stuffy in here . all right if I go on deck ? burke ( casually ) sure . Dan grab a cap and head for the door . burke rise and follow , grab a jacket . burke but I will go along with ya . Dan nod in reluctant agreement and the two man exit the stateroom . dissolve to : a neon sign shape like a arrow . it read : " to gangplank " we pan over and down from this to the purser's station where Dan be in the middle of a conversation with the uniform purser . dan I have a important message to deliver to she and , like a idiot , I forget she last name . her first name be " Joan . " purser I be sorry , sir , but -- dan ( gesture ) she 's about , uh -- oh , she 's about so tall . jet black hair and large brown eye . purser well , without she last name , it will be awfully hard for I to find she . during this conversation , we pan over to burke who watch and listen from under the gangplank sign , shaking he head in disbelief . burke look in the direction of the gangplank as he hear a noisy crowd . the gangplank be be unhook from the ship . a huge crowd of well - wisher fill the dock , wave to passenger on deck and chatter noisily . running through the crowd be skippy who race up the gangplank just as it be pull away and jump onto the ship ahead of the two Hong Kong policeman who be chase he . skippy , relieved , sit in the doorway where the gangplank be anchore a moment ago and wave to the policeman who , leave strand at the dock , wave they nightstick at he angrily . skippy ( salute the police ) you must come and see we sometime ! skippy , sit in the gangplank doorway , laugh he inimitable , irritate laugh and wave good - bye . as he do , a man come up to skippy from behind and pause next to he - at first , we see only the man 's leg . the boat 's whistle blow ominously as skippy look down to see the two flat foot beside he . his face fall as he look up to see burke , hand in he pocket , tower over he grimly . fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean this map will reappear throughout the film to mark the ship 's progress . Three point on the map be identify : Hong Kong , honolulu and San Francisco . a superimpose text read : ist day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear in the center of the map , head east on the high seas . dissolve to : cabin door a brief glimpse of the door to cabin B - 55 upon which hang a please do not disturb sign . dissolve to : a closer view of the sign which allow we to see a handwritten addition : " by Doctor 's order " dissolve to : int . joan be cabin - day a tray load with medicine , powder and pill -- the sort of thing take by terminal heart patient . doctor' voice no more party . no more cigarettes . no more dance . and no more cocktail . dissolve to : joan and her doctor Joan sit glumly as the doctor stand over she , try to be gentle . doctor you be cut you month into week , you week into day -- joan and my day into hour . be that it ? doctor it be . joan what you really mean -- and you be too kind to say -- be that if I stay in my stateroom , lie in bed , deny myself everything , even the - the mildest diversion , I may live to arrive at that charming sanitarium . doctor you state it very cruelly . Joan rise and cross to she cabin 's window . she look out . joan it 's not a pretty picture , be it ? ( reluctantly ) all right . all right , doctor . I will do what you say . ( chuckle ) funny how we cling to life even after it 's worthless . Joan hear the sound of Dan 's voice drift in through the open window . dan' voice she 's about so tall , black hair , large brown eye . her first name be Joan . peer through the window , Joan see Dan walk the deck with a steward . delighted , she watch they pass and then turn back to the doctor . joan oh , no . no , I be wrong . I know now what I want . I want to crowd all the intense , beautiful happiness possible into what life I have get leave . that 's all live 's for . if it 's only for a few hour , I want to have it . and I be go to have it -- all I can get my hand on . Joan leave the window , move toward the door . the doctor try to stop she . doctor Joan , I -- joan now , doctor , I be go on deck . doctor but , jo -- joan Goodbye ! with a huge smile , she break away from he and be instantly out the door , slamm it shut behind she . CUT to : int . ship' lounge - moment later dan sit at the bar as a young bartender mix he a drink . bartender # 2 ( to Dan ) I do not know , she might have be in here , but I do not notice she . joan enter the lounge and look around anxiously . she spot dan who be busy lighting a cigarette and fail to see she . dan ( to the bartender ) mm , then she be not here . you would have notice she . joan , smile radiantly , check she hair and then move toward Dan . at the bar Joan join Dan at the bar , approach he from behind so that he do not see she . the bartender , have just pour Dan 's drink , now look up from he work and notice she . he raise he eyebrow and smile in recognition . she indicate with a gesture that he should pour she the same drink -- which he promptly do , with a grin . the bartender watch with interest as Dan put he glass to he lip at the same moment Joan speak to he : joan hello , Dan . Dan turn and look at she , pleased and surprised . we hear they love theme . dan hello , Joan . joan the luck 's come back . Dan nod , notice that , once again , they both hold the same drink . dan this time , in full glass . joan we must not lose a drop , Dan . dan ( toast she ) Health . a dark look cross Joan 's face . she recover with a smile and correct he : joan luck . once again , they swallow they drink , never take they eye from one another . they exchange grin . the bartender smile warmly at this . Joan , hold she glass by the stem , smashes it against the bar . the bartender 's eye pop in surprise . Joan place she stem on the countertop . then , Dan smashes he glass . the startle bartender flinch . as before , Dan cross he stem with joan' . they smile at each other as we truck forward for a closer view of the cross stem on the countertop between they . dissolve to : ext . ship be deck - sunset Dan and Joan stand at the railing together watch the sun go down . joan the day know how to go out . ina blaze of glory . forgive I if I be go poetic on you . but life be wonderful , Dan . dan and its best moment be when we find it out . Joan think about this a moment and then turn to look at the ocean . fade out Iris in ext . S. maloa - night the ship sail east under a night sky . CUT to : ext . deck - night Dan and burke , in dinner clothes , stand outside the ship 's lounge , peer in through the well - light window . classical piano music . the two man enter through a nearby door . CUT to : int . lounge - night a smartly - dress crowd listen as a attractive , aristocratic woman elegantly play a grand piano . we get a close view of the woman , know to she fellow passenger as countess bettina de barilhaus , but whom we shall call betty for short . Dan and burke arrive as Betty conclude she number . the crowd applaud . Betty rise and catch sight of Dan and burke . burke stare at she with interest Dan lower he eye and try to look bored . Betty , carry a expensive fan , join she stiff british date -- a tuxedoe , monocle nobleman name sir harold . betty ( pleasantly , with a vaguely european accent ) now , we must be go . Sir harold nod and the two begin to walk off together . member of the crowd groan and protest , " aw , countess ... " " please ! " —- but she wave they off politely . betty no , no , no , no . you will forgive I . I be very fatigue . some other time . but before she can get away a bejewel dowager stop she . dowager oh , countess , be you of the bavarian barilhause ? betty ( coolly ) mm , the elder son . dowager I have the pleasure in meeting they last summer . betty ( unenthusiastic ) delightful . we must have tea together some time . Betty move off . Sir harold follow like a puppy dog . sir harold countess , you play divinely . as she pass , Betty ignore burke but pause ever so slightly to get a good look at Dan who pointedly show no sign of recognize she . burke watch Betty , strike by she beauty . Betty and Sir harold stand apart from the other . sir harold shall I see you ... later , countess ? betty not tonight , Sir harold . tomorrow night , I promise you . Betty put she hand in he . sir harold I shall live ... in anticipation . Sir harold kiss Betty 's hand grandly . burke jealously watch all this with interest -- it 's not the sort of activity a Frisco cop see much of . dan ( amused , to burke ) do not let the royalty get you down . Dan move off as burke smile self - consciously and give he a dismissive wave . fanning herself , Betty watch Sir harold walk away . he pause , turn , and deliver a courtly bow to she . she nod in reply and they turn from one another . as they do , skippy abruptly enter and nearly bump into Betty . his face light up with recognition : skippy well ! if it be not -- skippy offer a hand in greeting . but Betty ignore this , instantly drop both she voice and she european accent : betty ( american accent ) play dead , chump . tail I to my joint . skippy watch with surprise as Betty , fan herself , briskly walk off . he put on he hat and nonchalantly stroll after she . at the bar burke join the same young bartender who wait on Dan and Joan earlier . self - conscious about he garlic breath , burke screw up he face and glance in Dan 's direction while decide what to order . bartender # 2 something I can do for you , sir ? burke ( unhappily ) buttermilk . bartender # 2 yes , sir . bartender pull out a tall glass and a pitcher of buttermilk . burke say , pal , will ya do I a favor ? bartender # 2 yes , sir ? burke what do you call a countess when you wanna speak to she ? bartender # 2 hmm. ( unconvincingly ) " Madame la countesse . " we pan down the bar to another bartender who assemble a elaborate tray of bottle , glass , ice , and other mixing . a steward take the tray and carry it off . dissolve to : int . betty' cabin - later the steward arrive at the cabin door with the elaborate tray and knock . after a moment , he open the door and enter , place the tray on a table . also visible on the table be skippy 's foot which be propped up on the edge . skippy toss a coin onto the tray -- a tip for the steward . skippy thank you ! the steward take the coin and depart , close the door behind he . skippy take he foot down off the table , reach over and grab a bottle of gin from the tray . we see he smile face for the first time as he open the bottle and bring it to he lip . he chug the content . and chug . and chug . we CUT wide to reveal that Betty be loung nearby on a sofa , watch he . after a moment , she speak to he -- not with she fancy european accent , but with she tough american one . betty say , do not you ever breathe ? skippy stop drink , exhales deeply , and hand Betty the bottle . she wipe the mouth of the bottle and take a fairly long swig herself -- much to skippy 's surprise . skippy look over the tray with all its mixing . skippy what 's the idea of all the landscape gardening ? betty ( haughtily , use she fake european accent ) oh , straight gin be so vulgar , my dear -- ( instantly lapsing into americanese ) oh , boy ! be my pup growl ! Betty lean over and rub she sore foot . skippy ( amused ) Betty , do not they ever get on to you ? you have be gettin’ away with this for year . who be ya suppose to be now ? betty sucker ... ( strip away she bang ) -.. meet bettina , la comtesse de barilhaus . she toss she fake bang aside . skippy oh , barilhaus . oh , I get it ! " barrel House " Betty ! barilhaus , sure . have you get anything line up ? betty mm , do ya get a load of that englishman with the single cheater ? she mean , of course , Sir harold and he monocle . Betty dab a cloth with gin and scour she forehead . skippy I do . full face , he look like the Bank of England . look , I have a idea -- betty now , lay off ! no petty larceny in this one . say , if I make this touch , I be through . sick of jump every time there 's a knock at the door . you know , this sticky stuff 's bad for my scalp . hm. guess I be just tired . skippy you hustler be all alike . spend all you time in the twilight sleep . what have ya get on you mind ? betty say , I 'ma sucker , just like the rest of they . I want a chicken ranch . skippy oh , sure , I know that one , too . all you need be five thousand hen and one rooster . betty that 's the set-up . skippy stop kiddin ' yourself , Betty . you will be ridin ' this tub till they count ten over ya . betty I may fool ya . skippy I hope ya do . she take a swig of gin and hand he back the bottle . betty spray you throat . skippy here 's to the rooster . cluck , cluck , cluck , cluck , cluck . Betty chuckle as skippy drink betty say , uh , who 's the mug with Dan hardesty ? skippy he 's a copper . the toughest one out of Frisco . betty pinch ? skippy nothin ' else . betty tough rap ? skippy the toughest . betty ( stunne ) murder ? skippy if you can call it murder for croakin ' the dirtiest heel that ever live . betty well , any chance to beat the rap ? skippy no , no . he 's already be sentence . betty well , then , how 's he - skippy he break . he break when they be takin ' he to San quentin . betty ( realize what that mean ) the rope . skippy ( soberly ) the rope . betty whew . shaken , Betty rise in disbelief and end up at the cabin window . betty he 's a swell guy , too . gee , he come to the front for I in Singapore when I be in wrong . ( with emphasis ) and I be in wrong . ( shake she head ) take a long chance for I . ( sigh ) certainly wish I could pay he back the same way . Betty see something out the window and draw back the curtain for a better look . she glance over at skippy , motion with she eye for he to join she , then continue to stare out . betty look . we hear Joan and Dan 's theme as skippy join Betty at the window . the two crook stand together and see : dan and joan stand at the ship 's railing . betty' voice he 's get everything . strength , youth , courage . ... betty and skippy watch Dan and Joan glumly . betty ... everything that make life fit to live . ( beat ) it 's just a ghost . skippy nod solemnly . dan and joan stand at the railing and look out at the ocean . CUT to : ext . on deck - continuous Joan stare out at the water . Dan smoke a cigarette . joan be it late ? dan do it matter ? she turn to he with a smile . joan not any more . ( dreamily ) the world and time seem somewhere else . Dan move in warmly to give Joan a kiss but before they do , we CUT to : betty and skippy watch at the window . Betty shut the curtain and look thoughtful . betty death be not tough enough . ( beat ) he 's gotta fall in love . fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean a dot line , mark the ship 's progress , stretch from Hong Kong part of the way to honolulu . San Francisco seem very far away at the moment . a superimpose text read : 3rd day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear in the center of the map . dissolve to : ext . deck - day Dan and burke , casually dress , stand at the rail . burke let 's take a turn around the deck . Dan show no interest , calmly puffing a cigarette . burke I do forty lap a day . keeps you in shape . dan ( dryly ) what 's the percentage of I keep in shape ? burke why , it 's , uh , better than , uh , moon around the deck all night . a smile Joan appear in a doorway and head for the man . Dan chuck he cigarette over the side and tip he cap as he take Joan 's hand . dan oh , good morning . joan hello . dan May I present Mr. burke ? miss Ames . joan how do you do ? Joan and burke shake hand . burke how do you do ? dan Mr. burke be a old friend of mine . we be ... travel together . joan how nice . burke yeah , we be together all the time . dan practically inseparable . joan ( pleasantly , to burke ) well , I be take he for the afternoon . ( drag Dan away ) come along , Dan . burke that 's all right . burke watch they go , then take a few deep breath and start he first lap around the deck . farther down the deck , we see betty sit in a lounge chair with a book in hand . she grin at skippy stand nearby . he ready himself and then adopt a drunken attitude , staggering forward . wide shot skippy stagger down the deck and pretend to lose he balance , collapse on top of Betty who scream . skippy , sit on she leg , tip he hat to she apologetically as burke stride into view , grab skippy 's collar and haul he to he foot . burke hey , you little tramp ! I ought to throw you overboard ! burke shove skippy who wobble away . betty sigh , whimper , and employ she european accent , pretend to be a damsel in distress to engage burke 's sympathy . betty be not it possible for a lady to to go anywhere nowadays without bump into all sort of people ?! skippy peer around a corner at burke and Betty . burke holler at skippy . burke if I have you on shore , I would --! betty and burke betty ( whimper , clutches she throat ) oh , I be so frighten . burke ( tip he cap ) nobody 's gonna harm you . betty ah , you be good . so brave . I be very , very grateful . burke ( genuinely pleased ) aw , do not mention it , eh , Madame la countess . betty oh , you know I , huh ? who I be ? I have not the pleasure to know you . burke oh , uh , my name 's Steve burke . betty delighted . monsieur burke . Betty offer burke she hand . he be about to bend over to kiss it when he look around self - consciously and decide instead to shake it vigorously . she invite he to sit in the lounge chair next to she . betty now , come , you sit down with I for a few minute , hm ? ( burke sit ) oh , that terrible man , he might come back . burke aw , nobody 's gonna bother you -- not with I here . betty you know , I could not feel safer if I think you be a policeman . burke say , now , listen , lady ... burke take she hand . skippy watch from around the corner , laugh he irritate laugh to himself and head off to the bar . CUT to : int . ship' lounge - day at the bar , a patron downs a drink and then walk away , just as skippy arrive . see that the bartender at the cash register have he back turn to he , skippy , leave alone with the patron 's empty glass and a nearly full bottle of liquor , pour himself a drink . he knock it back rapidly , hold onto he hat to keep it from fall off . he quickly set the glass down and try to look nonchalant . see that the bartender be still busy at the register , skippy pour himself another shot , downs it fast , and resume he nonchalant pose . finally , skippy ignore the glass and simply grab the bottle to chug down even more alcohol . satisfied , he exhales deeply , grin , hiccup , button he coat and start to move off . at last , the bartender , hand full of money , turn from the cash register and see skippy try to leave unnotice . bartender # 2 hey ...! skippy oh , yes . almost forget . my change . the bartender raise he eyebrow in surprise and squint in confusion . bartender # 2 I beg you pardon , sir ? what be it you give I ? skippy I give ya a five dollar bill . the bartender count out the change . bartender # 2 yes , sir , I be - I be sorry , sir . sorry , sir . skippy oh , oh , wait , you only take off for one drink . I have three . skippy shove some of the change back . bartender # 2 oh , thank you , sir , thank you . skippy think nothing of it , my good man . the smile bartender watch skippy walk off with the money . CUT to : int . hallway - day a drunken skippy bumble down the hallway toward a full - length mirror , mistake he own reflection for a oncoming passenger , and back up a little to let the person pass . he take off he hat and bow apologetically . skippy I beg you pardon . after a pause , he straighten and head toward the mirror again . and , exactly as before , he mistake he own reflection for a oncoming passenger , back up a little , take off he hat and bow . skippy after you , sir . another pause . skippy straighten and again head toward the mirror , spot he reflection , and back away . this time another passenger actually do walk by . skippy look up at the man . skippy ( annoyed , to the man ) say , how long be this parade gonna last ? puzzle , the man look at skippy for a moment , say nothing , then walk off . skippy ( to the man ) oh , you will not talk , huh ? skippy snap he finger with contempt at the depart man , then turn and head back toward the mirror -- where he once again run into he reflection . this time , he raise a hand in protest . skippy no , you do not ! no , you do not ! new angle - skippy ( mirror not visible ) skippy beat he chest . skippy it 's my turn now ! skippy adjust he jacket , barge forward and smashes into the mirror , shatter it with a crash . skippy and the broken mirror we discover he on hand and knee amid break shard of glass , talk to himself . skippy well , you get away with it that time . but I know what you look like . and it will not happen again . fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean the dot line , mark the ship 's progress , stretch from Hong Kong almost to honolulu . a superimpose text read : 16th day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear in the center of the map , head toward the camera on a foggy night . dissolve to : ext . ship - night a couple of view of sailor dress warmly , sport binocular , peer into the fog-enshrouded night as a fog horn blow . dissolve to : int . ship' lounge - night start with a tuba ( match to the fog horn ) , we pan over the ship 's orchestra as it play dance music . then , we pan over to the numerous dancer in the lounge . Betty dance with Sir harold but smile at burke who stand to one side watch she . he scowl a little , annoyed and puzzle that she 's dance with another man . we pan over to Dan and Joan , also on the dance floor , in utter bliss . the song end . nearly everyone break and applaud the musician . but Dan and Joan stay in each other ' arm and regard one another lovingly . the next number begin , a livelier uptempo piece . Sir harold attempt to dance with Betty but burke muscle in , brusquely grab Sir harold 's wrist and push he away , show no regard for etiquette . Betty merely hand she elegant fan to Sir harold who nod politely and watch as burke grab Betty and dance away with she . Betty and burke turn out to be the best rubber - legge dancer on the floor . skippy , hat in hand , watch the couple from the sideline . burke put a lot of energy into he eccentric dance move . skippy point and laugh he irritate laugh . burke and Betty pause at the sound of the laugh to stare at skippy . but he just keep laugh at they . Betty smile as burke give skippy a long dirty look . they dance even more energetically . a grim Sir harold watch all this unhappily , fan himself with Betty 's fan . after a moment , he peer down at the fan , realize he look ridiculous and fold it up . dan and joan , meanwhile , be also still on the floor . on the sideline , Joan 's doctor watch the two of they with concern . she be clearly overexert herself . Joan look stricken , pause , and lean on Dan for support . joan dan. Dan , wait . dan oh , my dear . what be it , sweet ? joan I be all right . let 's - let 's go out on deck . dan yes , of course , dear . as the music end and the crowd applaud , Dan help Joan off the floor . the doctor , see this , shake he head sadly and move off . CUT to : ext . deck - night as the ship 's orchestra play they love theme , Dan and Joan sit together in the fog . dan better ? joan much better . out here . dan it be rather nice to get away from people , be not it ? joan oh , Dan , I be so happy . Dan kiss Joan 's hand affectionately . joan tomorrow , honolulu . I have the whole day plan . first , we will hire a car . drive across the pali . just we two , hm ? dan yes . joan you do not sound very enthusiastic . dan only because ... there 's something that may prevent my go ashore . joan oh , Dan . and I would count on it so . dan oh , do not worry , I will get out of it somehow . joan sweetheart . Betty and burke emerge on deck , laugh . joan think you can lose friend Steve ? dan ( wryly ) I will make it my supreme effort . Joan laugh . Betty and burke approach Dan and Joan . burke ( to Betty ) I can not dance with everybody -- but with you , countess -- betty ( amused , to Joan ) you know , Steven dance like a gigolo . burke I would not say that exactly . you two be not so bad yourselves . why be not you go at it ? joan I be save my strength for tomorrow in honolulu . Dan 's take I for a long drive . burke do not like the sound of that . burke ( to Dan ) oh , so you be go for a long ride , huh ? Dan avert he eye . Betty sense the need to intervene . burke that 's swell . betty I think I need a lemonade . come steven. ( to Joan ) we will see you later . joan au revoir . Dan politely rise as Betty and burke move off . betty and burke stroll down the deck . burke be moody . betty what 's the matter , Steven ? burke I wonder if that guy back there think he 's pull I . betty why ? what about ? they pause . burke decide to level with she burke I may as well tell ya now . we be not pal . he 's my prisoner . betty wha -at ? you be a police officer ? burke sergeant , first grade . betty ( pretend to be impressed oh ! ohhh . burke and I know what 's go on in that guy 's mind like I can open it and look in it . betty oh , you be wonderful ! you know , I always want to meet a detective . burke honolulu 's the last stop . that mean it 's he last chance to make a get - away . and that 's what that guy 's thinkin' , thinkin ' every moment . but he 's only wastin ' he time . dan and joan Joan tell Dan she plan for the next day . joan Cross the island , I - I know the most divine spot . I will take you there . have you all to myself . Dan and Joan kiss , deeply , passionately . betty and burke continue they conversation farther down the deck burke let he once get near the shore and he will risk he life to make a getaway . but if he make one phony move ... burke show Betty he holster pistol . betty ( laugh nervously ) oh , you frighten I . what be you go to do ? burke I be gonna put he in the brig . betty brig ? what be " brig " ? burke that 's what they call a jail ona ship . betty ( understand ) mmmm . the two stroll off , arm in arm . dissolve to : int . ship - later that night Dan see Joan to she door . she open it and they regard each other lovingly . joan good night , Dan . dan good night , Joan . we hear they theme again briefly as Joan start into she room . Dan take she hand and kiss it as she go . dan until tomorrow . Joan close she door and Dan head off down the hall , lose in think . dissolve to : ext . deck - later that night a fog horn blow as Dan , in coat and cap , walk the deck , think . a pass officer salute he but he pay little heed . dissolve to : int . betty' room - later that night Betty open the door for skippy who enter and look around puzzle . Betty close the door behind he and cross to a table . skippy follow . skippy what 's the matter ? Betty scoops a half dozen bullet off the table into she hand and give they to a delighted skippy . skippy from the copper 's gun ? how would you get " they ? Betty merely glance over to a nearby chair . burke 's bow tie be drape over it . in the background : a unmade bed . skippy start to laugh but Betty cover he mouth to hush he . betty now , get this . you go to Dan hardesty ... dissolve to : ext . deck - later that night a fog horn . skippy , conceal between some lifeboat , step out to peer down the deck and see Dan approach . as Dan near , skippy emerge , tap he on the shoulder and instantly retreat . Dan look around to make sure he 's not be watch and join skippy between the lifeboat . skippy you be slate for the brig , any minute . dan I be afraid of that . skippy but , look . skippy show Dan a handful of bullet . dan from burke 's gun ? skippy yeah . Betty pull he tooth . dan that give I a chance . skippy whip out a wad of bill and hand it to Dan . skippy hey , here 's a bankroll . you will need it . compliment of Betty . dan English money ? skippy well , that 's the only kind Sir harold have . dan what a girl . skippy come on , Dan , get goin’ . dan thanks , skippy . skippy all the luck in the world , pal . dan I will need it . Dan hurry off . fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean the dot line , mark the ship 's progress , stretch from Hong Kong to honolulu . a superimpose text read : 17th day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear in the center of the map , head east . dissolve to : int . ship be brig - day early morning . a officer show burke a cell in the brig . officer he will not get out of there . the officer hand burke the key . burke look the cell over . burke that 's okay . officer can I help you bring he down ? burke no , no , I do not need any help . I can handle he myself . the officer salute and walk off . burke give the cell door a hard tug and , satisfied , start to leave . CUT to : int . dan and burke's stateroom - day Dan sit at a desk , write a letter which read : Joan - I be run away - a fugitive condemn to death . I have try to tell you but could not . I will attempt to reach Mexico . if you can forgive I , come to I there . if not , know that I understand and love you always . he sign it " Dan " and blot it . CUT to : ext . ship - day swimmer approach the ship as it motor toward the shore . diver jump off the ship and into the water . CUT to : int . ship - day in dan and burke's stateroom a british - accented steward stand by as Dan sit at the desk , sealing the envelope and issue instruction . dan I would like you to deliver this to miss Joan Ames in stateroom b-fifty -five -- about a hour after the ship dock in honolulu . steward yes , sir . dan ( hand over the envelope ) you understand ? about a hour after we dock , not before that . steward very good , sir . dan ( rise ) and ... do not disturb I for a couple of hour . I think I will take a nap . I will ring you if I want you . steward very good , sir . Dan watch the steward exit , then quickly grab a heavy glass water decanter from a nearby table and dump it out in the bathroom sink . spot a towel , he grab it and carry the decanter and the towel to the rear of the cabin . he place the decanter strategically on the table , then open the towel , twist it into a gag and place it against he mouth for measure . satisfied it will gag burke effectively , he hide it under a bed sheet . in the hall outside the cabin , burke arrive . he pause at the door , look around . then , take no chance , he draw he pistol and check it . no bullet . he take out the clip : empty . he cast a suspicious look at the door . in the room Dan ready a rope with which to tie burke . in the hall scowl , burke nod in understanding , guess that Dan have steal he ammunition . he take a fresh clip from he pocket , load and reholster he gun . in the room Dan hear burke open the door and stuff the rope under he pillow . then , smoothing he hair , move to a bureau and grab a cigarette . he turn to see burke stare at he grimly . Dan light he cigarette . dan well , pal , you look pretty smooth . go ashore ? burke yeah , but , I be sorry , pal . you be goin ' in the brig . burke move casually into the bathroom . Dan , just as casually , move in he direction . dan that 's a bit tough but ... I can not say I blame you . burke , in the bathroom , keep a eye on Dan in the bathroom mirror . burke yeah , you know how it be . a guy 's gotta do he duty . burke watch in the mirror as Dan set down he cigarette and pick up the heavy glass decanter . burke reach for he pistol . Dan raise the decanter and move forward rapidly . grinning , burke spin and fire . the decanter shatter and Dan freeze , stare first at burke and then at the break glass in he upraise hand . Dan look stunne and puzzle , then lower he hand and sigh at burke . dan not bad . burke cover Dan with he pistol . burke and now , if you have no serious objection , pal , let 's get go . dan no objection . Dan set what 's leave of the decanter down . the two man move to the door and exit . in the hall passersby murmur noisily , have hear the sound of a gunshot . burke holster he pistol . burke all right , pal , across the hall and down through the engine room . ignoring passenger and officer , the two man walk off . watch all this from a corner be a worried skippy . below deck noise from the engine room reverberate as Dan and burke walk down several flight of narrow stair . they pass a good deal of machinery , deep in the bowel of the ship . occasionally , Dan must pause to get direction from burke who stay behind he at all time . finally , they arrive at the brig . skippy trail behind , peer around a corner . burke unlock and open the cell door , then point for Dan to enter . Dan enter and burke lock he in . burke start to leave but then decide to say something to Dan through the door . burke listen , sucker , the next time you take the shell out of a smart guy 's gun , remember to put some blank back ! skippy overhear this and watch closely as burke pocket the key in he left-hand jacket pocket . CUT to : ext . ship - day passenger disembark and file down the gangplank . CUT to : int . ship - minute later Betty stand near the purser 's station read a brochure when skippy wobble past she and speak rapidly out of the corner of he mouth . skippy Dan be in the brig . the copper 's get the key here . skippy pat he he left-hand jacket pocket . Betty show no emotion whatsoever . betty oke . skippy wobble off and take up a position down the hall . Joan , wear a gorgeous white dress for she day in honolulu , join Betty . joan good morning . betty good morning . I , er , I be just wait for Mr. burke to take I ashore . joan see Dan ? betty uh , no , no , but he will be along soon . burke join Betty and Joan . burke good morning , lady . joan good morning , Mr. burke . Betty immediately coo over burke and run she hand over he . betty ( to Joan ) oooh . do not he look handsome ? Betty easily pick burke 's pocket and palm the key . skippy , watch this from a distance , laugh he annoying laugh . joan have you see Dan anywhere ? burke ( uncomfortably ) why , er -- no , I - I have not . ( to Betty ) we gotta go . joan see you ashore . betty au revoir . burke sure . burke and Betty walk toward the gangplank . burke gee , that be a tough spot . betty mm , poor kid -- ( catch herself , switch to french ) Le pauvre enfant , hm ? as they pass skippy , Betty hand he the key , then put she arm around burke . skippy look at it with delight and hurry off to free Dan . CUT to : ext . ship - day burke and Betty be among the passenger filing down the gangplank . CUT to : int . ship - day in the brig skippy unlock and open the cell door . a amaze Dan appear in the doorway . skippy the cop and Betty have go ashore . give they plenty of time for a head start . Dan be speechless . he grip skippy 's shoulder warmly and rush off without a word . skippy watch he go , then shut and lock the cell door below deck Dan stride past the heavy machinery and climb the narrow stair to the deck . at the gangplank Joan look around with concern for Dan . below deck Dan hustle up the stair , then slow to a walk as he reach the deck . at the gangplank Joan move off in search of Dan . Dan round a corner and see the empty gangplank . he put on he hat and head for it . but Joan spot Dan as he start down . joan Dan ! Dan , startle , stop and turn . Joan join he . joan oh , Dan , oh , I have be look all over for you . dan I be so sorry , but I - - joan it 's all right now that you be here now . well , come on . let 's go , shall we ? dan of course . they start down the gangplank . Joan open she parasol . joan wait will I get this up . there we be . they descend the gangplank . Dan 's eye shoot around nervously . at the bottom , they meet Joan 's doctor . doctor good morning , Mr. hardesty . dan good morning , Doctor . Dan look around uncertainly . doctor ( to Joan ) now , please be careful . not too strenuous today . joan ( cheerily ) do not you worry about I , old dear . ( take Dan 's arm ) come along , dan. ( to the doctor ) bye ! the doctor watch they skeptically as they leave . CUT to : ext . dock - day burke and Betty stroll along , chat amiably . skippy run up from behind and blunder into they . in the process , skippy separate they momentarily , just long enough to pass the key to Betty who , sobbing and cling to burke in a pretense of fear , stealthily return the key to burke 's pocket . burke ( angrily , to skippy ) when you get to Frisco , I will bounce you in the can so fast , you will not come out till chinese New Year ! skippy buddy , when I get back to Frisco , you will be trippin ' over you beard ! skippy laugh he inimitable annoying laugh and walk off . fade out ext . island - day Dan and Joan park a rent car in front of a spectacular collection of flag which fly in the stiff tropic breeze . Dan climb out . dan now , if you do not mind wait for just a couple of moment , I have a little surprise for you . joan I will wait . dissolve to : int . waterfront dive - minute later Dan speak to a ape-jaw bartender . dan so I have get to get out of here today . bartender # 3 ( nod ) I see. ( think ) I have get the man . have you get plenty of money ? Dan show he he wad of English bill . dissolve to : int . waterfront dive - minute later seat at a table , Dan show the wad of bill to another man , a tough - look ship 's captain . Dan pass he some cash under the table and the captain pocket it . the two man rise and Dan follow the captain to the rear where the captain gesture . captain there she be . you can not miss it . Dan look and see : a steamship at anchor . captain what time do we sail ? dan just as soon as it 's dark . captain we will be ready to shove off the minute you step aboard . dan ( nod ) good . the two man go they separate way . dissolve to : ext . island - day Joan , still seat in the park car by the flag , smile as Dan rejoin she . she sigh in delight at a giant lei , dense with flower , that he carry and present to she as he climb in next to she . dan gardenias , [ pekakee ? ] and camillia . joan it 's too beautiful . Dan put the car in gear . joan now , over the pali . [ ? ] dan we be off . they drive away . dissolve to : ext . beach - later that day Dan and Joan sit together in some shelter spot with beautiful island scenery for a backdrop . Dan , pensive , smoke a cigarette . Joan , dreamy and content , lounge against a tree , wear the lei . Hawaiian guitar play they theme . joan I could stay here forever . dan I wonder . joan I know it . dan would you be content to spend the rest of you life with I in some ... far - away place ? joan anywhere , Dan . he look at she , wonder how to break the news to she . she remove the lei and sit up to question he more closely . joan why so serious ? dan Joan , dear , I have get to tell you this . joan Dan , if it 's serious , I do not want to hear it . dan but I must tell you , dear . joan not today . dan but , my dear -- she put a finger to he lip and shush he . joan May I have a cigarette ? he reluctantly break eye contact with she and fish out he cigarette case . dan you be incorrigible . she take a cigarette . he tap some ash off the end of he butt and light hers . as she exhales , they stare into one another 's eye for a long moment and then slowly draw in for a passionate kiss . after a moment , Dan lower he cigarette and flick it away . we pan with the half - smoke butt as it land in the nearby sand . after a pause , Joan 's barely - smoke butt land next to it . dissolve to : ext . STREET in honolulu - day skippy stand in a shop doorway , look around . he see Sir harold approach he on the sidewalk . skippy look thoughtful for a second , then pull out a half dollar , which he flip in the air like a expert . he give the coin a kiss for luck , then drop it on the sidewalk in front of he . he instantly turn he back to Sir harold , assume a nonchalant pose , and start whistling . Sir harold approach , see the coin , pause , step on it , look around smugly , then bend to pick it up . as he do , he expose the wallet in he back pocket . skippy , whistling , turn casually , pluck the wallet out of Sir harold 's pocket and stroll away with it . Sir harold , not realize he 's be rob , straighten with a satisfied smile , pocket the coin , and walk off . skippy , chuckle he inane laugh to himself , pause in a doorway to inspect the content of the wallet . he open up the wallet expectantly -- only to find it empty . skippy oh , boy , it 's dark in there . he throw the wallet down on the sidewalk in disgust . angry and upset , skippy count to ten to hold he temper . skippy two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten ! as he reach ten , skippy round a corner and spot Sir harold buy cigar . clerk four dollar , please . skippy watch Sir harold pull out a wad of cash from he other back pocket . skippy keep count , through gritt tooth , as he stalk angrily away . skippy eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen ! fade out fade in ext . beach - evening twilight . Hawaiian guitar play . we open on the two cigarettes lie in the sand , then pan over to a deeply satisfied Dan and Joan . he sit against the tree and hold she in he arm as she lie in he lap , look at one another , very much in love . Joan sigh a little . joan this be live , be not it , Dan ? he lean he head against the tree and shut he eye . dan could we ask for more ? joan ( apprehensive ) only ... that it would never end . it will not end , will it , Dan ? dan ( reassure ) my dear , whatever happen , we belong to each other , always . joan hold I closer . they embrace . and kiss . and kiss . when they break , she run she hand over he cheek . he take she hand and kiss it . they look out at the sea : a spectacular sunset . Dan notice Joan 's moist eye . dan what 's this ? tear ? oh ... joan can not help feel a little bit sad . it 's be such a happy day . I guess we ... we ought to go back , should not we ? dan I suppose so . reluctantly , he rise and help she to she foot . they walk off as the evening sun sink down into the sea . dissolve to : ext . near the dock - night the ship 's horn blow as Dan and Joan drive up in they rental car and stop . joan the dock 's over there , Dan . dan yes , it 's still there . joan the gangplank 's there . we can - we can make it if we hurry . they climb out . Dan take Joan in he arm . dan Joan , dear . joan Dan , we have to hurry . dan I have get to tell you this . joan what ? dan you must go the rest of the way alone . joan what do you mean ? dan I have be try to tell you all day . I be not go back on the ship . Joan 's face fall , devastate . joan you be ... not go back on the ship ? dan ( shake he head ) I can not go back , dear . because I be -- Joan 's heart give out -- she faint , collapse into he arm . dan my dear ? Joan ? dear ? but she be unconscious . a ship 's horn blow . Dan look up to see he charter steamship anchore nearby . he glance down at Joan in he arm , then turn to see the S. S. maloa in front of he . joyful Hawaiian music play . passenger line the deck , toss streamer and wave " aloha ! " also on deck : Joan 's doctor , who peer at the shore , worriedly . Dan glance at he steamship , and at Joan who clearly need medical attention , then make a decision . he hoist Joan up and start to carry she toward the maloa just as a friendly Hawaiian man approach . hawaiian man might I help you ? dan yes , will you turn that car around ? and -- keep the engine go ! hawaiian man yes , sir . Dan rush off toward the gangplank with Joan in he arm . CUT to : ext . the maloa - continuous on deck , burke and Betty lean on the railing , watch the festivity . both suddenly spot Dan on the dock haul Joan in he arm . incredulous , burke feel in he pocket for the brig key , pull it out and look at it . Betty , fully aware of what 's happen , keep a stone face . Dan carry Joan up the gangplank which be festoon with streamer . the doctor meet he and they hurry off to Joan 's cabin . burke , grim , pocket the key and rush off -- without a word to Betty who , after a moment , follow he . CUT to : int . the maloa - continuous the doctor open the cabin door for Dan who carry Joan inside and set she on the bed . the lively Hawaiian melody give way to the more somber '' aloha oe " as the doctor quickly examine she . dan be she all right , Doctor ? after a moment , the doctor look at Dan and nod . doctor I believe so . Dan start to withdraw . Joan look like death warm over . Dan take a last look and turn to go . but Joan , without open she eye , regains consciousness and call out to he . joan Dan ... he pause and reluctantly return to the bed , lean over she . dan yes , dear ? she can not open she eye but somehow have the strength to put she arm around he . joan Dan ... do not leave I ... the ship 's horn blow noisily . Dan look around , realize he can not get off the ship . he stroke she hair and press he cheek to hers gently . she manage a smile . the doctor , pleased at this , withdraw . Dan pull away from she , see that Joan have fall unconscious again . burke brusquely enter the cabin but pause at the sight of Dan at Joan 's bedside . clearly , Dan be not go anywhere . Joan 's hand fall limp at she side . burke turn away thoughtfully and slowly exit , take one last look at the couple before quietly close the cabin door behind he . in the hall burke fail to see Betty stand behind he as he shut the door , turn and talk to himself , sadly . burke poor guy . betty what do you say ? startle , burke turn to see Betty . he be immediately self - conscious . burke oh , I do not say nothin' . Betty watch as burke , flustered , walk off . after a moment , she follow he down the hall . in the cabin as Dan watch over a unconscious Joan , he notice a envelope on she night stand : the farewell letter he have write to she early that morning . somewhere off screen , a chorus of singer croon " aloha oe " as Dan take the envelope and pocket it . on deck streamer fly as a sour-face burke lean against the railing and watch the crowd . a sympathetic Betty join he and take he hand affectionately . she maintain she european accent even as she tell he : betty ah , you be a swell guy , Steve . she rest she head on he shoulder . burke give she a puzzle look , then brighten a little and straighten up . the two look down to see : the gangplank be unhook from the ship . a huge crowd of well - wisher fill the dock wave to passenger on deck and sing " aloha oe . " burst out of the crowd be skippy , wear a lei . he race up the streamer - clogge gangplank just as it be pull away and jump onto the ship , well ahead of the two Hawaiian policeman chase he . Left strand at the dock , they shake they finger and yell for he to " get out ! " and " do not come back ! " on deck burke rush away from a amused Betty to join skippy at the gangplank doorway . skippy point to the policeman . skippy do not forget to write now , will ya ? skippy laugh he annoying laugh as a grim-look burke , hand in pocket , stride into view behind he . skippy turn to see burke and stop in mid - laugh . smugly , burke nod and give skippy a sneering smile . burke the next stop , sucker , be San Francisco . without a word , skippy adjust he jacket and wobble off . the ship pull away from the dock as the crowd wave and finish sing " aloha oe . " fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean the dot line , mark the ship 's progress , stretch from honolulu in the direction of San Francisco . a superimpose text read : 19th day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear in the center of the map , head northeast . dissolve to : int . dan and burke's cabin - morning Dan lie half - asleep in bed . Joan 's doctor sit at he bedside . doctor I be sorry to disturb you . Dan awaken and sit up , with concern . dan it 's you , Doctor - - doctor oh , nothing 's happen . I just want to have a little talk with you . dan well ? doctor you be the only one that can help I . ( shake he head sadly ) her condition be desperate . she must have absolute quiet and rest if she 's to reach the mainland alive . she survive this attack but it be not humanly possible for she to survive another . the slight excitement might kill she . a shock surely would . can I depend upon you ? dan of course . doctor thank you . now , try and get a little more rest . the doctor rise and head for the door . Dan reach a decision and climb out of bed . dan oh , Doctor . Dan rise and the doctor rejoin he . dan I have get to tell you this . there be a shock come . and I do not know how to avoid it . when we reach San Francisco , I will be meet by the police . they be take I to San quentin ... for murder . the doctor stare at he , speechless . fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean the dot line , mark the ship 's progress , stretch from honolulu to about three -quarter of the way to San Francisco . a superimpose text read : 22nd day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear in the center of the map , head northeast . dissolve to : ext . ship be deck - day we pan along a row of lounge chair to discover Dan and Joan seat together , dress warmly against the chilly ocean breeze , a share plaid blanket cover they leg . Joan , recover but restless , be in a playful mood . joan I will play you a game of peg . dan I think you would better rest . joan ( chuckle ) you be beginning to even look like my doctor . we pan farther down the deck to discover Sir harold asleep and snore noisily . skippy , sit beside he , see this , then chuckle and rub he hand greedily as he sidle up to he sleep victim , prepare to pick he pocket . fade out fade in int . betty' room - later skippy , cautiously look around , walk to Betty 's door and knock a secret knock . Inside , Betty , brush she hair , pause , go to the door and open it , careful not to be see from the hall . skippy enter , look to see she behind the door . skippy oh. Betty close the door behind skippy and go back to brush she hair as he pull out a wad of money and count out some bill . betty should not come here . skippy nobody see I . I come to pay you the money I owe you . Betty inspect the bill : English pound . betty Sir harold ? skippy ( chuckle ) uh huh . betty uh huh . think I tell you to lay off he . skippy well , what be the use of lettin ! he go to waste ? you be not usin ! he . betty I have be busy . skippy oh , sure . with that copper . ( wag a finger at she ) you know , I think you be fall for he . betty not such a bad guy . skippy ah , sure . copper-lover ! falling for the Law . the fox fall in love with the hound . I be ashamed of ya . I tell ya , that guy 's no good . betty now , wait a minute . his racket ! son the other side of the fence but he 's play it on the up and up . he 's one hundred percent copper just the same as you be one hundred percent thief . and , you know yourself , a hundred percent put you at the head of the class . skippy I wonder if I be hearing all this right . Betty pointedly fold up the bill and stuff betty scram . skippy tip he hat as he retreat and exit . skippy good night , countess . they down she front . Left alone , a smile Betty brushes she hair even more vigorously . CUT to : int . ship' lounge - later skippy rush up to the bar in great excitement . skippy Quick , bartender , give I a drink , quick ! bartender # 3 yes , sir . skippy Quick ! before the fight begin ! bartender # 3 yes , sir . here you be , sir . the bartender rapidly pour a shot which skippy knock back just as rapidly . agitate , skippy look off , then back to the puzzle bartender . skippy good . gimme another , another one , quick . Quick ! before the fight begin ! the bartender pour another shot . bartender # 3 wait a minute ! wait a minute ! what fight ?! skippy knock back the second drink . skippy ( suddenly calm ) the fight between you and I . I can not pay for this drink . the bartender watch with amazement as skippy laugh he obnoxious laugh and stagger away . fade out fade in a map of the pacific ocean the dot line , mark the ship 's progress , stretch all the way from honolulu to San Francisco . a superimpose text read : 24th day a superimpose image of the S. S. maloa appear over the map , head into the San Francisco Bay . dissolve to : ext . deck - day Dan and Joan stand at the deck . bell ring . dan the Golden Gate . joan I remember a old hymn . how would it go ? " keep that golden gate wide open ... " dan and joan " keep that gate ajar ... " dan yes , I remember that . I be bear here in San Francisco . and when I be a youngster , I use to think they be sing about this Golden Gate . I think it be the only one . joan I hope you be wrong . dan ( nod ) I hope so . a forward tracking shot of the city as see by Dan and Joan from the bay . whistles and horn blow . dan and joan take in the view . joan Lovely , be not it ? dan lose in think . vision of san quentin and a silhouett gallow be superimposed across he face . dan and joan stand silently together at the railing , both lose in think . burke and betty emerge on deck , walk side by side to the railing in another part of the ship . betty voila ! you San Francisco , hm ? Home . burke ( unhappy ) yeah . radio room - that moment a headphone - wear radio operator hand a newly -receive wire to the british steward . radio operator here , get a load of this . as a ominous horn blow , the steward read the telegram : s6 kph 26 hongkong 312 pm dec 15 1932 steve burke ss maloa hongkongradio woman masquerading on ship as countess barilhaus positively identified as barrel house betty notorious confidence woman stop investigate chief of police the steward hand the message back to the radio operator who put it in a envelope for delivery . steward I have see some royalty in my time but I think she be the grandest of the lot . I hate to deliver it . amuse , the radio operator hand the envelope to the steward who promptly exit the radio room with it and head off grimly down the deck . burke and betty stand together at the rail . burke you know , I be sort of tired of bein ' a copper . Betty look at he , puzzle . burke oh , I do not know . I - I just sort of feel that I will not enjoy be the Law any more , after what 's happen . and I be wonder if you would be , well , I sort of - I sort of think that -- well , anyway , I get a ranch half pay for . betty a ranch ? burke sure . I get a chicken ranch in petaluma . Betty be , of course , stunne . she reach a decision . betty oh , I would love it , Steven , but -- there 's something I have to tell you , first . ( drop she phony accent ) aw , you be a right guy and I be gonna come clean with ya . now , it be burke 's turn to be stunne . betty in the first place , I be not a countess - — abruptly , the steward arrive and hand burke the envelope . steward beg you pardon , sir . Betty turn away in embarrassment . even as he stare at she , burke accept the envelope and wave off the steward who depart . burke open the message and read it . he look up and squint at Betty , then crumple the message in he fist . burke ( darkly ) you be sayin ' ? Betty turn back to he , bluntly . betty I be sayin ' I be not any of the thing you think I be . I have be a long way . and I have leave a wide trail . burke if it 's you past , mine be not be no bed of violet . burke take Betty 's hand and smile . burke what do you say we forget about it ? let 's start from scratch . betty you on the level , Steve ? burke on the level . what do you say ... " countess " ? betty do not smear my bang . they kiss . behind he back , burke drop the crumpled telegram overboard . CUT to : int . ship' lounge - later dan and joan smiling into each other 's eye , they stand at the bar , hold drink joan remember we first ? dan we think it be we last . you never can tell . joan four glorious week . so many happy hour . and there 's so many more , too . be not there , Dan ? dan of course , dear . joan must not miss one of they . Dan offer he hand . dan we will not , dear . Joan take he hand . a pause . joan where shall we dine tonight ? dan do it matter ? joan not as long as we be together but ... it 's fun to plan ahead . let 's see . I would like to ... to be in caliente for New Year 's . dan that 's just a month , be not it ? well , then . ( a toast ) here 's to agua caliente , New Year 's Eve . they be suddenly serious . joan nothing can keep I away . dan nor I . they clink glass gently and drink , never take they eye off one another . they drain they glass and break into smile again . and they smash they glass on the side of the bar -- simultaneously . the bartender , nearby , wince . dan and joan cross the stem on the countertop . the bartender , frustrated , snatch up two glass in front of he and throw they to the floor with a crash . burke sit read a magazine nearby . he look up to see : dan and joan exite the lounge , arm in arm . burke nod to Dan , make eye contact dan look at burke , know he time be up . Dan turn to Joan . dan I will finish pack and ... join you . dan and joan hold hand . joan all right , sweet . Joan smile and exit . Dan watch she go , then turn and move off to join burke . CUT to : ext . S. S. maloa passenger line the deck as the ship pull up to the noisy , crowded dock . CUT to : int . joan' cabin Joan check she wristwatch and look out the window at the crowd . CUT to : int . dan and burke's stateroom burke , hold the handcuffs , confer with Dan . burke sorry , Dan . Dan peer down unhappily at the cuff . dan you have to use that ? behind the two man , the british steward appear in the doorway -- he overhear : burke I have get to deliver you accord to hoyle . you know , this be not any petty larceny rap , it 's murder . the steward raise he eyebrow at the word " murder . " he watch in amazement as Dan pull up he sleeve and burke put on the cuff . quickly , the steward turn and walk off , unnotice by either burke or Dan . dan if we could get off the boat without she see we -- burke I will do my best . dan thanks . let 's go . the two man head for the door . Dan pick up he overcoat and drape it over they arm , conceal the cuff . he pick up he hat and pull the cabin door open wide so that they may leave . after a pause , the man exit , with Dan lead the way . CUT to : int . ship joan stand in she cabin , look unwell . she turn and exit into the hall . we track with she as she walk nervously along , glance around for any sign of Dan . she head down a stairwell . dan and burke arrive at a purser 's station on they deck , prepare to check out . joan descend the stairwell and arrive at Dan 's door . she 's just about to knock when she hear the voice of the british steward come from inside the room . steward voice you could have knock I down with a belay pin . and then , as nice as you please , he put the handcuffs on he . Joan , confuse , knock . in dan and burke's stateroom the steward turn from the may he be speak to and open the door . Joan enter and look around in surprise . joan where 's Mr. hardesty ? steward I be just tell she , miss . right here , in front of my very eye , he friend , he best pal , as you might rightly call he , take out a pair of handcuffs and -- snap , snap ! -- and he 's a prisoner . with they hand at they side , out they go . grow pale , Joan stare at the steward in disbelief . joan Dan ? steward the very same , miss . and a nicer gentleman you would not wish to meet . and he , a red-hand murderer . and here 's I , bobbin ' in and out of here , with no think of I own life , turn I back on he . why , he might have cut my throat from ear to ear . before the steward can finish , Joan , breathe hard , stagger back to the door and lean in the doorway , eye shut . after a moment , she open she eye in horror , then desperately rush back to the stairwell and rapidly climb the stair . dan and burke still at the purser 's station . Dan glance around uncertainly . joan have reach the top of the stair , look up and down the hall worriedly , then we track with she as she rush in the direction of the deck . dan and burke still at the purser 's station . tracking with joan who struggle through the crowd of passenger , search for Dan . but there 's no sign of he . she clutches a hand to she head , then press forward through the mob . dan and burke still at the purser 's station . tracking with joan through the crowded deck . she pause and put a hand to she head again . she grow dizzy . the camera mirror she dizziness but she press on , disappear into the mob . dan and burke finally depart the purser 's station . at a stairwell the hallway be empty . Joan rush into view and climb the stair . a brief moment later , Dan and burke emerge from the lower deck and head toward the gangplank . joan on upper deck apparently lose . she duck in a doorway . dan and burke stick in the line at the gangplank which have apparently not be hook up yet . they look around unhappily , unable to disembark right away . dan fail to see Joan appear several yard behind he . joan see Dan . she pause , relieved . dan still have not notice she . joan raise a hand to he . joan Dan ! dan hear she but do not want to look in she direction . finally , he do . we hear they theme . dan Joan ! he put out he free hand to she . joan press forward . dan and joan hold hand and stand together . joan peer into Dan 's face , know she will never see he again . she smile . joan Goodbye , Dan . dan shake he head , with a slight grin . dan not goodbye , dear . auf wiedersehen . until New Year 's Eve . joan glow happily . in the background , we hear the gangplank . joan auf wiedersehen . dan and joan kiss deeply . passenger begin to file out behind they , down the gangplank . they break the kiss . joan watch , smile , as Dan , too , retreat toward the gangplank . joan be Pov - dan nearly lose in the crowd . he look back at she over the top of the crowd and wave , just as he have over the saloon 's swinging door way back in Hong Kong . joan delighted , return the wave . dan and burke on the gangplank . Dan turn away from Joan . he and burke descend . we track with they for a moment and then pan back up , past the other depart passenger , to joan who smile and wave . she pause , she hand in the air . a strange look cross she face . she stare into space for a long , long moment as the passenger press forward all around she . her eye close . her head tilt back . she lean backward into a passenger behind she dissolve to : a toy balloon upon which be print : agua caliente happy new year a crowd roar and holler , " happy New Year ! " a band play a lively version of " auld lang syne . " someone stick a cigarette in the balloon and we hear but do not see it burst . instead , we CUT to a fast tracking shot that run parallel to a nightclub -- part of the agua caliente resort in Tijuana , Mexico . the place be pack with well - dress reveler : tuxedoe and evening gowns and party hat . streamer and balloon and noisemaker be everywhere . they dance , they drink , they sit at table and order food , they make merry . we swoop past they all to the far end of the club which be nearly desert . two bartender stand together , polish glass at a bar . at one end of the bar , a lone figure sit on a stool . we do not recognize he at first . but then we abruptly leave we parallel track and rapidly glide in and past the man for a brief , second - long glimpse : it be skippy as we have not see he before -- well - groom in a black tux , nursing a drink but look very sober , lose in think . in a moment , he be go and we catch a short view of the party mob behind he as we pan over to the two bartender , wiping they glass nearby . bartender # 4 I will be glad when this thing 's over . bartender # 5 you be tell I ? this holiday be dynamite . they hear the sound of glass shatter . bartender # 4 hey ! look out for they glass with you elbow ! bartender # 5 ( indignant ) I never touch any glass . confused , the bartender turn in the direction of the noise . we hear Dan and Joan 's theme as we push forward and between the bartender to discover the stem of two break glass cross on the countertop , dance couple visible in the background . after a moment , the break glass vanish , ghost - like , into nothingness . fade out end title till we meet again smile the while you kiss I sad adieu when the cloud roll by I will come to you then the sky will seem more blue down in lover 's Lane , my dearie , wedding bell will ring so merrily ev'ry tear will be a memory so wait and pray each night for I till we meet again where be I ? [ Dan and Joan 's love theme become a # 1 pop hit in 1940 with Al dubin 's word set to W. Frank harling 's music . the song be introduce in '' ' til we meet again " -- the 1940 remake of " one Way passage " ...] oh , where be I the night that you surrender to a sigh ? where be I ? the moon be high the night that you first listen to a lie where be I ? I always feel that you would melt in someone 's arm some night and I be right the moment come but what a shame that someone else come by where be I ?