only angel 's have wing ( o cs wed continuity from film pade in : ext . barranca dock - night 1 long shot ship come in out of fog , 2 long shot dock crowd start gather , walk right - camera pan as ship enter , 3 long shot dock ship enter - dove fly through scene , é. mo . long shot ? mule with bananas exit leave f.g. follow by people , {ad lib crowd noise ) ext . dock 5 long clown shot crowd on dock ship docking in b.g , mate eeave the starboard line . heave the port line . make fast that starooard line , 6 long shot dock . . Men load - camera pan right to ship . ( ad lib order ) exd , STREET 7 long shot crowd move about as Joe and Les walk leave - camera dolly right with they , . man allo , amigo . joe como the va , moreno . look like more passenger this trip . ( o 3 7 continued : les keep you finger cross and we may have some luck , 8 long shot crowd on dock Les and Joe enter and walk leave as camera pan to purser by step . purser | El barco sale a las cuatro . ' man a las cuatro , muchas gracias , purser El barco sale a las cuatro . man what do you say ? purser oh , I beg you pardon . the boat leave at four . . joe hi , rafael , 9 mo . long shot joe , ' les & purser passenger pass through scene in f.g . purser hello , amigo . come estan ? les here you be , rafael , only two sack this time . joe well , how be the talent this trip ? purser oh , very bad - very bad , senor , joe not much to choose from , huh ? . les you can nave my share be this all you have get on board ? purser there be not one you would give - that - for. os barco sale a las cuatro , ( ad live in Spanish ) ( o 10 close shot purser : a hand reach in , lift cay , , show black eye . joe' voice wait a minute . hey , Les - look at that . il hed . shot joe and less back of purser leave f.g , . Les oh , what a@ pretty mouse ! joe who laid that on you ? : purser no , no , senor . nobody laid that on I . we have some oad weather '' I fall against door kmob . joe - you ought to cut its fingernails . una muchacha ? no ? cs purser no , no muchacha - no muchacha . . exd . ship . 12 mo . long shot boat deck bonnie at top of step by captain start to exit . captain the boat leave at four in the morning , miss , bonnie '' I will be here , ext . dock 13 long shot : bonnie on step walk down to purser , Joe and Les ~ then start through crowd right b.g. as camera pan with she . . purser El bareo sale ... ( oq bonnie bool . 14 15 mo . close shot group look right . joe why , I think you say there be not -- '' les you chump - that be the doorknob . joe : come on , Les , we get some work to do . long shot Joe and Les pick up mail - bag and exit from purser =~ walk right as camera pan to crowd . purser's voice be careful , boy , be careful ext . STREET 16 17 18 19 20 long shot bonnie walk pigh through crowd and mule , as camera pan with she . she stop , look leave , exit rignt . ( ad . lib noise ) mo . long shot Joe end Les run od ght through crowd , exit right . ned . long shot bonnie in crowd , look back . ( ad lib noise ) long shot Les and Joe in crowd , walk right as camera pan . long shot bonnie enter leave to shed as child enter to she . in street beg . . . boy tortillas '' senora . . - girl Dame dinero . bonnie exit right pee crowd ( CO to 22 25 will of 279a 27-3 27-c long shot corrected pace - 5 fab. 23 , 1939 Joe end Les enter to shed , then right as camera pan . ( ad lib vendor ! voice ) mo , long shot bonnie by vendor - other pass through d . man buenas noches , mo . long shot Les and Joe in street , stop - crowd mo . long shot bonnie by vendor - crowd in b.g. man senorita , le puedo vender idade . bonnie no . - bonnie walk to group gather b.g. hed . long shot Les and Joe in street * people in st : vignt as Les stop he . les wait a minute . take it ea close shot bonnie . in crowd peek over door , ( Music vb . long seot crowd scene b.g. in b.g curios= reset d.g. = sy . g . ) Joe start gather around native girl dance - man rise and dance 2 i with they - man seat mo , long shot crowd gather around dancer dance . close shot bonnie in crowd . ong shot dancers dancin n erowd play guitar . ( Music bog . ) crowd gather around es man continue play . ( Music and ad lib ) 27 - D 27-5 2707 27-6 28 26-4 28-3 28-d 28-5 add page - 5 a Feb , 23 , 1959 , =d. long shot Native girl and boy dance - crowd bg . close shot man . seat in crowd play guitar , sing as group join in chon . ( sing " chiquichi ' ' ) closeup eative men sing and move to rhythm , close shot man seat play guitar - other b.g. closeup native mo . long down shot tro native girl and boy dance in circle of native gath - ere . girl and boy start to exit right . close shot bonnie in crowd . bonnie ( sing ) " chiquichi " close shot Native . girl and boy dance - other in b.g. close shot bonnie in crowd - group around she applaud - she wave , close shot . native girl and boy in crowd -- they bow . ( o 29 closz shot bonnie ov in crowd . shs sing as crowd applaud . she wave , then start to exit to b.g. : 30 mo . long shot . bonnie walk toward camera , meet Les and Joe , they raise hat - she mimick they and exit right fig . joe well , there be a strong charace ~ ter for you , my boy . les probably the wrong approach . joe , come on , we will try it again . les easy do it , they start to exit leave , aim ol long down shot ( & bonnie in crowd walk b.g. , stop noar vendor , vendor senorita , quiere comprar un some . brero del pais , un cuchillo . Les and Joe enter , walk b.g. , turn and walk to she as she turn with huge butcher - knife , . job . Lady , wetve decide to appeal to you better nature , bonnie - what ? - les it be not I , lady , he think it up all by himself , joe we just want to buy you a drink . _ 32 close shot bonnie e - . bonnis * , be you Americans ? 34 nmed . shot Joe and Les - bonnie right side - angle - people in street b.g . bonnie I think you be a couple of -- why do not you say so ? oh , gee winniker , be I giad to see yous you buy I a drink , I will buy you a drink . joe you will not need this any more . les come on , let 's go . Joe tax imife from she as they start leave b.g. mo . long shot Joe , bonnie and Les walk leave down street , pass other as camera pan with they . bonnie it sure sound good to hear some thing that do not sound like pig - latin . where you from ? joe net 's Les Peters and itm Joe soither - New York and Kansas . les what 's you name ? bonnie Lee . joe Lee what ? bonnie bonnie Lee + from Brooklyn , | les look out ! at sound of horn , they all step back to leave . . long shot ' fram enter and start to exit leave f.g. - man in tram =~ other in street . 37 '' ed . long shot sae , Les and bonnie - crowd b.g. - tram enter and exit b.g. as child run after it , : . bonnie what be that ? les the fifth Avenue bus line , here we be . . they turn and start to exit leave , long shot Les , bonnie and Joe walk leave through crowd to step of dutch - man 's - man seat on porch . Les fall on step , rise , joe too bad it be not you neck ! les hey , who see she first ? they start to enter building . ( '' ext . dutchman be - night 38 39 long shot : . bonnie , Les and Joe enter through door , walk leave as camera pan to dutchman behind counter - other b.g. and f.g. - put mail bag on counter . : les eere you be , dutchy . mo , shot dutchman back of bonnie and Les f.g , les dutehy , meet miss Lee . . bonnie how do you do . dutchman how be you . : les miss Lee , this impose gentleman be postmaster and lead banker of barranca , 41 mo . close shot bonnie and joe mo . long they walk bonnie well , I have always want to imow q I joe also the owner of the general store , on you right -- shot group leave f.g. as dutchman follow . joe . proprietor of the bar on you leave , and chief cook and bottle washer of the luxurious hotel and restaur - _ ant you see before you , they all start leave . long shot bonnie well , that hardly seem enough that -- dutchman ( shake bonnie 's hand ) John Van ruyter 's the name . please do not pay any attention to they , miss Lee , . soe how about a drink , dutchy ? dutchman sure = sure , sit down . Group walk leave to table - bonnie sit . dutchman . make yourself , at home . well , what be you go to have ? bonnie eow be the local scotch ? dutchman well , I carry only the dest , huh , boy ?. les make mine bourbon . joe yeah - I , too , . 43 - 10 mo . long down shot bonnie seat at table - Joe and Les sit by she , Joe right f.g. back to camera - other at bar in b.g . bonnie well , I , too . dutchman my scotch be good - I drink it my - self , bonnie why do not you have one with we , Mr. Van ruyter . dutchman I will . the dutchman exit b.g. Les take out cigarettes and pass they to bonnie . bonnie it sure feel good to be off that boat . what be you look at ? what 's the matter with I ? joe nothing - only you be sure easy on the eye . les goon , you mug - you hear I use that two week ago , medium shot bonnis seat - Joe and Les seat f.g , side - angle = hand enter serve drink ... - bonnie well , it still sound good anyway . what be you fellow do down here ? les - just the same as everybody else -- work for the dutchman . bonnie what be that ? ° soe - we fly a little mail and bhing | here and there . . bonnie flier . I be wonder what you be wear that gun for ? mh ee cont '' 11 ww y nued : . joe do you think we be a couple of ' banana cowboy ? bonnie whotd ever think there be a fly - ing field in a place like this . where be it ? les dust outside the door . long shot _ dutchman stand by group seat ~ other b.g. - they drink dutchman well , skol , Les to we . . bonnie down the hatch . joe happy landing ! dutchman what be you go down here , miss ee «= : mo . long shot dutchman stand by group ; seat , . dutchman ' -- on you way back to the States ? , bonnie yes , if I do not get a job in pan= ama . dutchman oh - professional ? of bonnie '' yeah , I quit a show in valparaiso . . waer insist she take money from purse and offer it , as on pay . bonnie this be on I . ce 46 continued : 47 long shot . 12 les no , no . do not do that -- bonnie oh , but I say I want to buy a drink , les ( get out money ) I will pay for this ... dutchman let he pay for it ... : joe no , now wait a minute , dutchy , if you take he money , I will never step toot in here again . dutchman but , Joe , where be you go to eat ? joe ( get out money ) well , I '11 starve first . I will not cone in here again . dutchman by group , seat - he walk around table to Joe = then back to Les , dutchman in that case , I better take Joe 's " money . Les now , wait a second . if you take he money I will never come in here again , right be right . who ask first . joe no , I be go to pay for this , dutchman I guess you -- joe I mean what I say , dutchy . les so do I , dutchy , dutchman you -- 48 49 13 mo . close shot dutchman dutchman the drink be on the house , mo . long shot dutchman by group , seat at table - he start b.g , as bon - nie turn and call he - boy shake hand over table . dutchman satisfied , les very well satisfied . bonnie oh , that 's a shame ... het so cute , hey , dutehy , come on back = and no more monkey business . les and bring a bottle with you , dutchman ( enter ) no , no , you boy better go easy , joe what for ? les why ? dutchman one of you have to fly the mail tonight , les I think tony be first out . dutchman well , tony have a touch of fever , it will be either you or Joe . joe can you beat that ? les Fine thing . joe all right , dutchy , take a number , . - , dutchman a number ? what for ? 49 51 52 continued : les anything up to ten . mo . close shot dutchman , dutchman one to ten -- oh , no , not I , if you want to gamble on who be go - ing up in bad weather , you would bete ter pick somebody else for a nume ber . . mo , shot Les seat - back of Joe f.g. Las all right , bonnie . mo . shot bonnie seat - Joe and Les seat fg , - side angle - part of dutchman b.g. - Joe hold match . joe any number -- anything up to ten . bonnie no , siree , not I . I foel the same way he do . les nobody be worry sbout who be go up . what we be wrry about be who -- joe who be go to take you to dinner , bonnie who say anything about stay for dinner ? . joe we will send you a formal invitation . odd or even -- . les odd . - . joe : too bad . bonnie , how do you like you steak ? ( o qo 52 continued : 53 54 : bonnie well , I do not know . do you mean real american steak ? mo . long shot dutchman stand by group seat at table , dutchman well , I do not like to brag , but how d' you think I keep that boy down here ? bonn Ie well , I guess I be stay for dine ner . dutchman that be the girl , why do I always say odd when -' ~ sound of plane . dutchman I hate that noise -- brrrr ... voice Joe souther , Joe souther = you be up next . joe that 's you , Les , Joe souther -- sorry , kid , Les rise and follow dutchman b.g. as they start to exit , mo . long shot Carter enter through door . carter Joe «= mo . shot voe and bonnie seat at table - other at bar b.g. a carter' voice stand by -- tex say it 's clear . 5s 57 60 16 mo , long shot Carter in doorway - he start to exit leave f.g. jce' voice oh , no , not I , voppa . Les lose and I be have dinner with 's miss Lee . mo . long shot Joe and bonnie seat '' he rise as Carter enter . dutchman and Les enter . 's joe miss Lee - Mr. Carter . bonnie how do you do . carter hello , miss Lee . sorry , Joe , the mail go on schedule and so do the pilot . ' joe since when ? carter anyway , I want Les to go to the warehouse and check over the stuff that come in on the boat , mo . shot Les , Joe and Carter . _ les . say , trat 's a allenight job . when do you think that up ? carter just now , mo . long shot dutchman - Les by bonnie seat ~ back of Carter f.g . dutchman look , they gamble and he lose = let he go . mo . shot - . Carter , Joe and les. carter ' be that a order ? cs él 62 63 64 65 66 67 17 mo . close shot djtchman dutchman yes = no -- who be run thing here , anyway ? mo . shot : : Carter , Les and joe. Carter curn to Joe , then face camera , garter |s that be what I mean . come on , get go , Joe . joe what about miss Lee , carter do not worry about miss lee , I will be glad to take up where you leave off . mo . shot bonnie seat = part of dutchman leave . , bonnie - now , look here , mister , I have some= thing to say about this , you know , closeup carter carter chorus girl ? close shot ' bonnie se part of dutchman leave , bonnie no . I do a specialty , close shot carter by Joe . he start beg . carter so much the better . mo , shot . Carter by Joe ant he walk right b.g. as camera pan carter pick up that stuff on you way back from Las cruce , Joe . see you la= ter , miss Lee , 68 69 70 721 18 long shot dutchman , Les and Joe by bonnie seat - she rise and walk right fig . - thmy back to Joe and group . bonnie oh , you will , will you ! now wait a minute -- say , who do that guy think he be anyway ? joe that 's the boss . les as you might have gather from the conversation . bonnie well , he 's not my boss and -~ joe well , bonnie , I hope you win , I will be see you . ~ i bonnie Goodbye , Joe . joo walk right follow by dutchman to door . camera pan as bonnie enter - Joe start to exit . . dutchman now , Joe , be careful -- no chance , joe oh , now dutchy = you ought to find something to worry about . * dutchman that be what you should be do . ext . dutchman be = night long shot Joe walk right = other on porch b.g. mo . shot lily by tree , sho rise . lily Joe .. mo . long shot Joe walk leave from walk as camera pan to lily . 13 71 continued : ( o . job hi , lilly . come esta ? ( how be you ) lily : Te estaba esperando , the querio : ver . ( I be wait for you . I want to see you . ) joe lo siento , lily . pera tengo que : ir a las cruce . ( sorry , lily put I have to go to Las érucess lily oy , Joe -- job I get to go . I will be back , see you lator . ( he kiss she ) lily darling , que 's dios the cuide . nos vemo manana ? ( God take care of you , will we soe each other tomor ~ ( & . row ? ) Joe exit right , > 72 mo . long shot , . joa walk to b.g. carry mail - sack - to plane run . 13 long shot plane Men prepare plane - kid and man walk f.g. as Joe enter . . . soe hyta , kid ? kid : hey , Joe , there 's plenty of water over there , but the ground be har - der on the leave . I would keep out of that soft stuff on the right side . jor ckay , okay -- thanks , kid . . kid exit right f.g. as joa walk to plane b.g. - back of man leave f.g. py porch mo . long shot bonnie , dutchman and Les walk leave as camera pan to ext . Radio room . bonnie how can he fly in this fog ? . les oh , it 's just on the ground . he will pull right up through this , it 's only will or three hundred foot thing . what he be wait for be the heavy stuff pile up in the pass . bonnie sound like double - talk to I , les the only way of get inland from here be through a deep pass -- it 's right -- mo . shot Les , bonnie and dutchman les : -- up well , you can not see it . it 's about fourtecn thousand foot in the low spot . wind and cloud make it , a bad place , so we keep a lookout part way through to tell we when it clear , ' voice Calling barranca , izs_ - oh , here it come in now . radio room long shot Radio operator seat - Carter enter as Les , bonnie and dutchman watch through door b.g. oper ator go ahead , tex , go ahead , tex's voice standby . she be move fast now , how do it look down there ? operator all right , if tha wind do not shift . u7 78 ( sceye missing ) tex ! voice break now . look like the last of it . mo . long seot Carter stand by Operator seat by mike - ext . porch 79 so 81 82 83 84 tex ! voice okay , she be open -- let they fly . operator okay , tex . Carter exit leave f.g. long shot group Carter enter to porch . carter hey , Joe = joe} hey , mikel long shot . Mike stand by plane back to camera , turn . mo . long shot group on porch Carter motion , long shot plane . Carter in f.g. - man by plane in b.g. mike ( motion ) hey , joe} Joel mo . long shot Carter , bonnie and Les on porch ~ Carter motion . mo . long shot plane 21 Joe motion , then climb into plane as man close door and camera pan to cockpit . 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 long shot plane ~ . 22 face camera = man b.g. plane start to take off leave f.g. , splash through water , long down shot plane travel leave f.g. as camera pan , mo .. shot Carter and bonnie on porch . carter come on = get 'er up , Joe ! ked . close shot - dutchman and Les , tehman motion for plane to rise , mo . close shot ~ Carter and bonnie . bonnie it 's the most wonderful thing I have ever see , carter * remind you of a great , big , beautiful bird , do not it ? closeup bonnie bonnie : no , it do not , it be not like a bird at all . that be why it be so wonderful . it be like a fly human be . mo . close shot carter. start to b.g. carter well , you be right about one thing . a_bird would have too much sense to fly in that kind of muck ... 23 92 nmed . shot = : bonnie and Carter -- he start through door back , int . radio room 95 long shot : Carter enter to Operator and sit on desk as he pick up phone . . carter Joe souther -- call Joe souther . joe' voice go ahead , geoff , go ahead . carter Radio check , one = two - three = four -= joe' voice . oo five -- six . clear as a bell , poppa . ( ee on top at four hundred between lay - = . er , say , geoff , there 's a light fog-bank lay off the coast , any= thing else ? ~ , carter : no , that 's all , all right , Joe . Carter hang up receiver and start to exit right f.g. ent . porch - night i 94 long sirot o kid walk right as camera pan to porch of Radio room and start through door . kidd hitya , dutch -~ ~ dutchman on porche uo dutchman hitya , there . : other pass through scond . int . radio room 95 mo . long shot . . Carter seat at desk - kid enter to he . kid hey , geoff . . : carter hello , kid . kid o the wind 's swing around . it be move that fog bank in . . carter yeah = yeah ~- he rise as they walk right to operator seat = pick up phonee ' carter Calling lookout . how much time ? kid better move fast ~ she be . tex's voice go ahead , geoff . go ahead . 96 mo . long shot kid and Carter at desk with phone . back of operator seat in f.g- bonnie and other be in door in dege carter how do it look up there ? ce 25 '' 96 continued : tex's voice iwas just go to call youe geoff - youtd better hold joc down there for a while . carter icantt . Ho 's already go . you ought to be able to see he by now , tex's voice seo he ? I can not see the tip of my nose . geoff -- it 's close in again , you can not tell what this stuff will do . . : 97 mo . shot '' carter . ‘by desk with phone -~ back of operator seat right f.g. carter stand by to put out a flare in case I do not get hold of he . . joe be : voice never mind the flare , foo = little ' jody hear every word . what will I do , come back ? carter : ( sit on desk ) , : yeah . take , doo , it be pretty thick . down here , start let down . when you get over the fog . i'11 line you up and talk you in . . joe' voice say , geoff ~~ carter what ? _ ice' voice you tell that beautiful blonde I be still in the run . carter will you stick to business , Joe ? jos' voice all I want to do be order two steak . for. dinner , 0 — _ 99 100 ( S lol cs 26 mo . shot dutchman , les and bonnie in doorway . jor 's' voice how about it , dutchy ? dutchman yeah , I hear you . sil he it 's all right . : bonnie it 's all pight with I , too . close shot carter with phone . carter all right , Joe - you be all set . ( scens missing ) joe' voice okay , here I come . long shot . Carter seat on desk ~ he rise and exit through group in door - way , follow by kid and Shorty = back of operator at desk . carter hey , Shorty , plug in that field set . come on , get go . . . shotty yes , sir . d4 radio room long shot . Carter and group walk right f.g. as Carter take field set . Shorty exit . kid put coat on Carter . lily enter b.g . carter Shorty , get the big light ready . shopty' voice all right , sir , : . carte turn it straight up , a & 102 continued : kid kind of colcé out here , carter pancho , light that tub . pancho' voice okay . carter jos souther + Joe souther . joe' voice okay , geort - come down . on top of the fog at fifteen hundred , kid Higher than I think , carter watch carefully , Joe . we be turn= ing on the leht . kid turn they on , Mike . mike here they go . carter there you be , Joe . can you see they ? joe' voice no -- not a thing . can not even see the glow , poppa . - : carter must . be thicker than it look , kid wo not hurt to take a stab at it . hey , baldy , shut off that piano . baldy voice yes , sir , carter and keep it quiet over there . . baldy voice yes , sir , shut off that piano and keep it quiet . 103 ( CO ) ~ , 104 105 ( e " 106 i ) 28 mo , shot Carter , kid and lily . kid. point leave . carter yeah . now look , , Joe - pay attention . it 's all close in down here , you be west of the field - west of the field , fly due east ~- fly due east , mo , shot - dutchman , bonnie and Les , long shot group Carter with field set . joe' voice Flying fifteen hundred due east = due east at fifteen hundred . carter hey Joe , blimp you motor . all right , Joe , you be pass over the field . go one mile , turn ~ one hundred and eighty degree , and start let she down and watch for the light . kid sound a little that way . carter Joe , you be a little south «=a little south . joe' voice okay , poppa , turn north , carter - kid , turn out the light , will you , ( ad lib noise ) carter keep it quiet back there ! mo . shot Carter and kid with field set . joe' voice here I come - twelve hundred , one . thousand , eight hundred , six hundred s= 106 ( o 107 108 109 29 continued ; - carter hey , Joe = Joe , you be come in too high . you will overshoot the field . make a turn , Joe = go farther back and try it again . : joe' voice oxay , I be turn . carter look , ' can not you see the light ? joe' voice nothing that even look like a dim candle , kid his line be okay . carter weah -- Joe , you direction be per~= '' foct . bee sure to keep the same line , mo . long shot Carter , kid and lily . joe' voice all right , geoff - I be turn -- here I come . six nundre -- carter cut it up in hundred , Joe . johs voice five hundred «~ . mo . shot tes , bonnie and dutchman . : joe' voice four hundred - = dutchman take it easy , sonny ~ take it easy . mo . long shot Carter , kid and lily . carter shut up ! 109 continued : joe' voice Three hundred -- carter look ~ gun ter , joe} joe' voice - I be down to one hundred now , geoff , kid geoff , that do not sound -- lily ( point ) ahi esta - ahi esta . ( there he be ) carter Joe , pull she up - pull up = you be head for -- they all duck down , ext . field 110 ° mo . long shot plane fly right . ill long shot plane fly right as camera pan - through tree , take off top . ext . radio room 112 | mo . shot sonnie , dutchman and Les - as they turn watch plane . bonnie ~ say , that be not right , be it ? les no , lady , not quite . 113 mo . shot . Carter and kid - Carter take up set - bonnie and other deg . carter look , Joe - Joe you have the wrong line , you be way off -- ia 113 continued ; joe' voice okay , okay , geoff . I see the light . I will get it next time . carter nothing do , Joe . do not take any more chance . now , you have get three hour gas -~ joe' voice - Three hour -- | aw , geoff , she will be almost on the boat by then . carter . listen , I tell you to stick to bua ~ iness . now , get up on top and eruise around until it open up down here , 114 mo . long shot Carter , kid and lily . dutchman' voice that 's right , geoff - do not let he do it ! joe' voice aw , geoff , give I one mor chance , I - I think I see a hole . yeah , I do see one . : carter now , Joe == : joe' voice I be come down , geoff -- lily please do not } carter now listen , Joe - you have get you order , stay up there - and quit worry about that blonde , joe' voice it 's all right , geoff , I see the light . I 'li make it easy -- '' I will make -- carter listen , Joe - joe Joe = pull up - pull up - you be headin ! for that tree ... sl ( o 115 | 116 - 117 118 119 .52 ( scene missing ) plane crase long shot group lily and other exit leave f.g. - as Les enter to Carter who Zive order . lily Joe «= + carter Mike , get the wagon . take along . a big pair of shear in case you have to cut he out . mo . . long shot groip Carter give order - carter Les , you get the mail . he stop baldy as he run to building ' be &- - bonnie and dutch - man b.g. . . carter hey , baldy - baldy ! baldy yes , sir - = carter telephone the police -- tell they to clear the field and keep it that way . hurry up . baldy . yes -< closeup kid smoke cigarette . close S hot carter ~ : back of kid in f.g. . kid well , you do all you could , carter _ yeah , Mr , wiseguy . ' 120 121 122 123 33 mpd . shot bonnie and dutchman she start to exit right f.g. long down shot Carter and . kid - bonnie run to they - dutchman and other dig bonnie do something ! do something ! he may be alive -- do not just stand there } . carter ( grab and shaking cut it out -- cut it out ! pull yourself together . have not you cause enough trouble ! tex ! voice Calling barranca - call barranca = call barranca ! carter go ahead , tex , tex ! voice geoff , do you get Joe down all right ? carter all except for one tree that stick up too high , tex ' voice . oh - sorry -- mo , long seot dutchman and bonnie - man on porch beg . dutchman Joe , you crazy fool ! nobody could tell you anything -- you meew it all , eh ? well , it serve you right ! I be not a bit sorry for you -- no skin off my nose . if you can take at - I can . : ( turn and start back ) long shot group dutchman start for building b.g , ~ kid exit leave f.g. as Carter start b.g . kid ef I will take a look over there . int . radio room '' 34 124 mo , shot bonnie with back to camera = Carter and dutchman exite to building beg . - she turn . 125 " long shot dutchman enter - walk f.g , and sit at table , spark en - ter follow by Carter - spark exit b.g. as Carter pick up telephone . carter spark , I forget to tell Les = have the mail put in no. Seven - get it out and warm it up . Calling look« out - call lookout . . tex ' voice go ahead , geoff , carter any change , tex ? tex ! voice no - just about the same . carter all right - we be all set to go down here , . tex ' voice okay - I will let you know . dutchman now , wait a minute , geoff , carter ( walk to dutchman f.g . ) what ? : dutchman you be not go to -= carter go ahead - say it . : dutchman now , look here , geoff ~ when you get I into this fly business a . year and a half ago , I be do pretty good . I make good money -~- I eat good - I sleep good night ~- ( CO N ce se '' 125 continued : carter and in about a week , you will either collect or lose you shirt . : tpulchman . I be not think about that . I just can not go on kill nice kid like that - not if I lose a dozen shirt . carter ( pace back and forth by dutchman seat ) you think you be the only one that feel that way -- dutchman then what do you send they up for in that kind of weather ? carter . because I be run a airline , and I be not run it any differently than anybody I ever fly for -- dutchman now , geoff -- carter now , look dutchy . Joe die fly do not he ? and that be he job . but he be not good enough , that be all . dutchman why do you hiré he ? carter aw , he could fly all right , as a matter of fact . I teach he . but there be ore thing no one could teach he -- he would not take order and on he own he just be not good enough , that be all - and that be why he get it . , / dutchman I be not build like you be 's , geoff , I should not be in this business , we can not go on like that , carter why not ? wetve get another pilot come in on the next boat . 35 CC \oe 56 o 125 continued ( 2 ) : dutchman aw , geoff , you be a hard man much too hard . carter cut it out ! dutchman I can not «= / , carter cut it out ! look , dutch , what 's the use of feel bad about some= thing that could not be help ? give I a match , will you ? I tell you , Joe just be not good enough , . and if he hed not get it tonight , he be bound to get it sooner or later . dutchman then you have no business to let he fly} carter what ? Ground that kid ! why , he would sooner be where he be than quit , here =- . hey , dutch , Joe hada sister somewhere up in the States , do not he ? dutchman yeah . . carter well , I owed he a hundred buck -- here , send it to she , dutchman seat . dutchman you do not owe he no money , geoff . carter' voice how do you know ? . dutchman well -' I - because he have get two ' month pay come -- why should he loan from you ? nard 127 128 129 37 mo . shot carter - carter all right , dutchy , if you have get so much dough to throw around , why do not you get that plane out of hock that come in on the last boat ? ° - mo . long shot Carter by dutchman seat , rub dutchman 's head and start to exit through door b.g . carter take it easy , fellow - we will get along int . dine room and bar mo . long shot ven by table - Carter enter and walk leave as camera pan to kid . man Sam , how shout that food ? SAM come right up -- man make it snappy will you , Sam - we be hungry . - SAM ( enter to table ) come right up . man Atta , boy -- carter how be it out there ? kid . everything be all righ carter yeah . come on , let 's get a drink . they walk to bar as he take drink . ' carter hey , baldy , I '1l take that . hello , . pancho -=-. ( '' er ) 129 130 continued ; pancho ( greeting in ppanish ) carter wait a minute , kid -- I can use that . hello ! man hello , geoff -- Carter walk leave pass bonnie seat at table , and follow as he turn to she . bonnie Mr. Carter - Mr. Carter -- do you think - I mean , do you think that it be my fault what happen out there ? carter . sure , it be you fault . you be go to have dinner with he . the dutchman hire he - I send he up on schedule - the fog come - and a tree get in the way . all you fault . forget it , unless you want the honors , Carter exit leave as other pass through scene beg . int , cafe mo . long shot lily and woman seat around table . - other bege - enter with drink to lily . women ' no llore , ya no tiene remedio -- lily ( sobbing ) yo le querio tanto . carter hello , lily . lily oh , Mr. geoff , carter throw this down - you will fel bet ~ 's ter , come on , bottom up - salud ! °33 she rise Carter " 130 ( CO 7 131 132 '' es 133 | 134 om lo continued : 39 lily salud ... carter that 's the way . mo . long shot pancho by table with Les seat right f.g. - bonnie enter end sit - other b.¢ , pancho she be a good one - = . les it be a card =~ watch this ( ad lib ) gent enter , ies ' hi , gent , mo . long shot gent point to himself - other b.g. . mo , close shot Les seat . les oh , all right , gent . meet miss Lee - gent sheldon , . mo , long shot other beg . - gent shake hand with bonnie as Carter enter . gent stand by Lee - Les and other seat at table - | gent hello . bonnie how do you do ? gent Fine , and how be you ? . : carter hi , gent , where have you be ? gent down at the warehouse , check up that spare part for you . 13s ( o | 136 os 137 c& fy m7 13s ked . shot Les soate - other b.g. les oh - I get it . mo . long shot Carter and gent stand by table , back to camera . Zonnie ahd group seat f.g. at carter do I send you down here ? lfs do not try to -- mo . shot bonnie seat - other b.g. les ! voice -- think up some other job to get ~- rid of I . capter' voice do not worry about it , less . gent voice I hear I miss all the excitement around here , carter' voice yes , you do . les ! voice you will not see a better one ina long time . pancho' voice she be a good one . carter' voice what will you have to drink , gent ? yes , gent voice oh , anything -- you name it , carter ' s' voice how about you , miss Lee ? bonnie ‘hat do you say ? wed . '' long shot . om gent and Carter by table , back of Les ~ bonnie seat as table - pancho leat f.g. carter how about a drink ? -138 continued : ( rc bonnie '' . I do not want a drink , carter . better have one , anyway . les | ~ ' make mine bourbon . | pancho ' I will have one too , geoff , carter hey , baldy , send over some drink , will you ? 139 mo . long shot : baldy behind bar = kid and group stand at counter ag waiter walk leave with tray to bonnie and group at table seat , : waiter gangway , please . here 's you steak , miss -- here 's the other one -- who want it ? ( '' . . carter ( as he bend into scene ) put it right here . waiter yes , sir . camera pan as waiter exit leave . 140 long shot Carter by bonnie and group seat at table - other at bar beg as waiter put steak down , Carter sit - gent stand back - kid stand by bonnie . carter and some coffee , will you ? waiter will you have some coffee , miss ? . bonnie . . : no. cy carter co that look all right . 1490 143 tt wa bh 42 on tinued : gent ( walk to Carter ) you get in just in time for the firework , huh ? '' ed . shot bonnie and Carter seat = he be leave f.g , : bonnie how can you do that ? . - carter do what ? bonnis eat that steak ? carter what be the matter with it ? oo , bonnie - it be he . mo . shot Carter seat - other b.g. . carter look , what do you want I to do - have it stuff ? mo . shot bonnie seat - other by and in b.g. bonnie have not you any feeling ? do not you realize he 's dead ? msd . shot Carter seat ~ other b.g. carter who 's dead ? long shot . gent and xid stand by eonnie - Carter and group seat at table - other b.g . gent . yeah - who 's dead ? ( & 146 ww 43 continued : bonnie Joe . gent Joe ? _ carter who 's Joe ? les anybody imow a Joe ? bonnie ( prise ) what 's the matter with you ? he be sit here with we talk and laugh just a few minute ago , and now 's he 's < = group ( they all start to sing " just break the News to mother '' . -= just break the news to mother , and tell she there 's no oth -= - bonnie slap Carter and exit right as he rise and start to follew . : bonnie you <= . gent ? . well , how do you like that ! long shot cafe bonnie run towards camera follow by Carter - other b.g . she run to door as he grab and shake she as they turn to '' ned . shot - side angle . : carter wait a minute , you little fool , Way 'do not you use you head -- 47 , come on , stop it , bonnie ( sobbing ) I do not know how you can act like this . why , that poor kid -~ he be -- ' carter yeah , I know , he 's dead , bonnie yes , he 's dead . 148 44 that 's right , and he 's be dead for about twenty minute , and all the weep and wail in the world will not make he any deader twenty year from now . if you feel like bawling , how.do you think we feel ? : | carter bonnie oh - I be sorry . carter now , come on = go on outside and ! walk around and stay there until you can put all that -- bonnie exit through door , caf - night long shot : bonnie on porch walk towards camera from Carter in doorway . carter -- together ) ee turn and exit into cafe . bonnie sit on porch as radio Operator enter ~ walk down step to she - people in .cafe 0.e -sparky be that you they be razzing in there ? well , do not feel too bad about 1t . I do the same thing my= self when I first come down here , sed . long shot : . sparky stand by bonnie seat on porch , he back to camera leave fg . bonn Ie say , mister , can you kick real hard ? sparky maybe you will not need it . ved , close shot . - Zonnie seat on porch . . bonnie . i_tnink I would feel better , you know , all my life I have hate funeral -= 168 ( ce 150 '' 151 152 continued : mo . mo . shot bonnie ( cont would ) the fuss and bother that never bring anybody back and just spoil remember they as they really be , and yet when I see people actually face it that way , I have to act like a sap . you know , this fly business be all new to I . sparky sparky they have to have some crazy way of look at it to go on . long shot bonnie seat = back of sparky leave f.g. - people in cafe b.g.. bonnie do this sort of thing happen very often ? sparky oh , that depend on the weather and luck . we ' tve draw spade twice in the last three month - not count ing this one . bonnie . I suppose they will be at it again tomorrow , sparky tonight - if it clear . bonnie they must . love it -- fly , I mean . — : sparky why , do you think they come to this kind of a place ? mo . close shot bonnie seat . . bonnie it be just like be in love with @ buZzesaw . . ( o 154 ( 's 155 156 46 ed . close shot sparky sparky there be not much future in it . =d. long szhor Sean , seat on step by s5onnie seat , eonnie what be there about it that get they ? ' kid enter from cafe door and walk to they . - sparky ( rise ) i'm not a flyer myself , here , you would better ask the kid . miss Lee = Mr. dabb , . bony Ie eow do you do , sparky she want to know why you like fly - ing . : 35d. close shot kid kid I have be in it twenty - two year , '' iss Lee , and I could not give you a answer that would make any sense . lsd . sh@ bonnie seat , kide voice what 's so funny about that ? bonnie that be what my dad use to say . . kid be voice Flyer ? bonnie . no - trapeze - high stuff . he . would not use a net , : iD. shot sparky . " * sparky there be not much future in that , either , : 258 xed . shot bonnie seat = she start to rise . ( oc , bonnie yeah - we fourd that out . 159 long shot . kid stand by sparky and bonnie seat - she rise , turn ~ . back to camera . bonnie tell I about this head - man - this geoff -- do he go up , too ? kid only when he think it 's too tough for anybody else . boynie well , that just go to show how wrong you can be , 160 mo . shot sparky seat . . sparky a) the kid could tell you -- he 's — geoff 's best friend . . 161 mo . shot kid and sonnie . _ kid the only thing I can tell you be he 's a good guy for gal to stay away from .. ~ ' bonnie ( patting nis arm ) thanks - I will remember that . bonnie start to exit through door b.g , as kid turn back to camera , watch she . int , cafe 162 long seot . crowd gethere around - bonnie walk leave through crowd , as ; camera pan , to Carter seat at piano ; he play as she * interrupt -- crowd stand eround . we girl buenas noches . vy " bonnie hello . gent ( hum " one of this day " ) bonnie ugh , no , there be no B flat << it go like that . . carter hello what do you want ? bonnie I come back for that drink you of= fere I . carter grown up yet ? , bonnie I hope so . . gent a big girl . carter hey , Charlie ! charlie' voice yes , sir - yes , sir , ( playing and humming of " one of these day " contintie ) * bonnie that be awful . can not you hear it ? no B flat . : carter . yes , I know - but will you go away , ' please , we will get it - we will get it . , bonnie do you want to know how it really go ? carter ° sure , ' . eonvie move over . carter you would better be good . . 48 ay continued ( 2 ) ( CO bony Ie ( turn to crowd ) wo not sound as corney as you do . all right , boy , you take the pick - up with the horn . take it nice and slow and easy - rest of you watch for the creak , ready now . rey gr 0 bonnie sit by Carter and start play as other join in , 's : bonnie ready now -- here we { 06 ( playing ) 163 mo . shot , . bonnie and Carter seat at piano - she take drink ~ other deke : ( continue playing ) be '' long shot . . bonnie and Carter seat at piano - crowd gather around . ( ad lib applause ) q 185 mo , shot . bonnie and Carter seat at piano - other beg . carter hello , professional . - boxnie that 's par of that specialty I wag tell you about . carter yes , well , here 's to you . bonnie continue play " break the News to mother " , carter who 's Joe ? bounie . never hear of he ! do anyone . know the peanut vendor ? will ) BP q @ qo hj '' 2 long shot bonnie and Carter seat at piano - crowd gather around , ( ad lib " yes " in spanish ) gent I ( take stick from - girl ) : : ' give I that thing , honey ! carter . { sing ' peanut - peanut ! ) . ' ( ad lib as they play peanut vendor ) ' mo . long shot ... . : toe , bonnie seat at piano ~ other bigi . ad lib 0.8 , goodnight , dutcny ... buenas noches ... mo , long shot door : % open as sparky enter , walk right f.g , long shot . sperxy walk right as canera pan past man , exite bsg . - walx to dutchman , Carter and Mike , : . mike I will take care of it the first thing in the morning . - carter all right , Mike - goodnight ! | Mike exit leave b.g. as sparky enter , with Joe 's belonging , put they on counter as dutchman turn . spary here 's all the stuff that be turn in , I give he clothes to the man in the field dutchman enter , carter well , he do not have much to show for it , take you pick , spark . SPARKS I have get a whele drawer full of ° that junk . I be go to get some sleep - the hid be sit in for I , goodnight . . 51 v. 169 continued : 170 171 , 172 173 174 carter goodnight , spark . see anything you would like to have , dutch ? : dutchman I do not need , anything to remember he by . , dutchman walk back and turn off light . . dutchman if you want a drink or so = help yourself . mo . long shot . _ bonnie seat , play plano mo . long shot dutchman dutchman Goodbye , miss Lee .. mo . long shot bonnie seat at piano - play " tiebestraum " , bonnie Goodbye , dutchy . mo , long shot dutchman on stair , dutchman ( start up stair ) Drop in again sometime when you come this way . . bonnie' voice '' thank you - I will . mo . long shot bonnie seat at piano - teke hat and purse , long shot bonnie at piano - rise - walk leave f.g. as gamera pan to mo . shot Carter . ane bonnie - ' - a well , goodbye , mister , it be tco bad barranca be so far from Brooklyn . ( * 175 continued : carter what be you hurry ? it be only a few minute after twelve . you boat do not leave until four o'clock . Carter reach under : tar , take bottle and pour drink . carter here ~ say when . bonnie when be you go to get some sleep ? carter - after you boat sail , , bonnie so be not you just waste you time carter well , there be a point that be open to argument . . bonnie : that be what I be afraid of . carter what ? bonnie that argument . carter what be the matter with they ? bonnie oh , they be too one-side . carter well , no hard feeling . bonnie ( pick up drink ) you apology accept . carter ( pick up drink ) . how about take along a little souvenir - why not ? help your self . . hmm - you have get a good eye , Lady . mo : aetuitienee 175 -o™ ( CD ~ ive 177 ( & - 178 179 versus 180 continued ( 2 ) : long shot bounie . ( pick up bracelet , exit right b.g . ) well , someone must have give you a awful beat , once . - lily and woman seat at table vise as bonnie enter and put watch on lily 's arm . mo . shot at bar , mo . long Si , si , muy bonito . muchas gracias . lily oh , el reloj de ' Joe . muchas gra ~ cias , senorita , muchas gracias . mira tia , el reloj de Joe . aunt ( yes , yes , very pretty ) carter aunt' voice vamo a casa , nina . ( let 's go home , child ) lily voice oe shot bonnie , lily and aunt by table walk to door as woman exit - bonnie turn . mo . shot Carter at mo . long Carter at she head , lily El reloj de joe ..- muchas gracias . bonnie come on now , you better go home , aunt buenas noches , . bonnie goodnight . bar - turn and pick up glass shot bar - walk to table %.g. as bonnie enter , shake pick up purse and start back , 280 ( '' isl ( = 182 163 continued : carter you be a quee > duck , bonnie so be you . carter I can not make you out bonnie : ( turn to he ) same here . nat be she like , any= way ? carter who ? bonnie that girl thet make you act the way you do . close shot carter back of bonnie in f.¢. '' ' / carter a whole lot iike you -- just as nice and almost as smart . she . bonnie v ghore girl ? carter , y only by tempsramenty : a close shot bonnie back of Carter in f.g. bonnie well , at least you be tris to the type . mo . long shot bonnie and Carter by table = he sit . carter co let 's sit down and make yourself . comfortable , bonnie . still carry the toreh for she , . be not you ? 185 continued : ( o . carter y get a match ? bonnie 4 do not you ever have any ? 184 mo . long shot | Carter seat - back o2 bonnie f.g. - she sit on edge of : table , carter xope — aron it believe in lay in a a supply of anything . : . soni ,ct match , marble , momey or woman ? '' — ee. no pen cei ete eee enue ae . that 's right , . bonnie no look ahead - no tomorrow = just today , carter that 's right . ° . bonnie ~ be that why she give you the air ? carter who ? bonnie . that girl . carter | say , listen , I would not ask any woe man to -- say , you can think up more question . here -= he hand she match as she lean towards he . bonnie what would not you -- carter ( take drink ) what ? : LA bonnie ask anybody to do ? 184 continued : of cart ? R ( co . id you ever lnow a woman who do not want to make plan ? ilap out every - thing - get it all set ? Carter rise and reach to bar leave as camera pan . - take ' bottle then walk back to table ~ side - angle of the two . carter oh , well , I do not blame they I guess . it be the only way they can operate = run a home and have kid , bonnie ° I suppose you think that be a lot easier and less dangerous than fly ? ° carter I do not know =~ I never try it . . : bonnie . but do not you ask she to ? carter ; who ? . ( S : bonnie that girl . carter . . I tell you I would not ask any woman -- bonnie what if sne be willing to ? carter yeah - that be what they all say . Carter walk leave as camera pan to bar = then back to table , carter . woman think they can take it , but - - they can not . the minute you get up in the air , they start call the airport = and when you get down you find they weit for you so scared they hate you inside , . bony tie '' what if she be the type that do not will scare so easily , naf carter ( open bottle ) . , there 's no such animal , '' 184 conpinued ( 2 ) : bonnie why ? how do you know ? carter ( pour drink and sit ) well , the girl I be tell you about come as close to it as any ~= body I ever meet . but one night 's when I would be lose in a fog = some - 's thing like this - radio beam be out and I be glad to get my foot on the ground «= what do you think my welcome - home speech be ? she be hope I would crash . 185 mo . close shot bonnie bonnie what ? _ : carter' voice emm - could not stand the gaff , Said she would rather see I dead and have it over with . she tell I if I would not quit fly - it be all off , : ut . '' bonnie you would not , would you ? 186 ned . shot Carter seat = back of bonnie , seat on table , right f.g. carter I be still fly . bonnie I wonder what happen to she . carter . who ? I do not know for sure . I hear she marry another flyer . well -- 187 mo . long shot . . Carter seat - bonnie seat on table - he rise and walk to she «-side - angle . - et oo carter . now , be there anything else you would . like to know about I ? would you like to go over to my room ? get some letter from nome . picture is7 18¢ ( '' is0 1s2 continued : - carter ( cont would ) of my father and mother - picture of I the first time I go up in the air -- picture of my first crash . bonnie any picture of you when you be a baby ? close shot carter back of bonnie f.g. carter I do not remember , want to go and look ? oo . close shot bonnie back of Carter f.g. - : bonnie ( start to rise ) sure . long sx0t . Carter oy bonnie ~- she rise from table as they start leave s* he stop she = they walk right to door back as camera pan long shot , . bonnie and Carter walk to door with back to camera . 's carter bonnie -- mo . " sh bonnie and Carter by door - side - angle , carter keep on the way we be go = just follow you nose and it will take you right to the boat . . bonnie on ! carter ' I have get to stick sround here , bonnie oh , so that 's where we be go . 192 continued : xd carter . '' ( put hand on she shoul - der ) take care of your== - 193 long shot kid walk right as camera pan to Carter and bonnie at door ) ~— debe , kid 's | oh , geoff ] | carter' voice what ? : | . | kid . tex just call from lookout - he : say the pass be clear . 7 ' 194 mo . shot - Carter and bonnie by door , : * carter oo oy yes - do you wake Les up ? ? ( & '' 195 mo . shot kid 4 . kid . , no , because - well - tex say it 's - nobody 's picnic , 196 mo . long shot . Carter and bonnie at door =-he pate out cigarette . : : carter '' yeah - all right , wind up number seven and put some coffee - in it . - 197 mo . long shot kid . , kid I already do . ext . port a ) 198 long shot plane . be 's / warming up - travel towards camera . : 199 mo , long shot . bonnie and Carter by door - he kiss she arid exit leave f.g. t ( '' : carter , so long , bonnie - have a nice trip . bonnie ( she start to follow ) hey , wait a minute -- int . cafe 200 long shot - Carter walk to dee. = - bonnie enter and follow to bar - bonnie you go . up yourself ? carter sure ! bonnie when will you be back ? 201 mo . long shot - Carter enter behind bar = hack of bonnie right f,g , he pour '' ~ water over head . carter oh , it take three hour each way . I will not be back until after you boat . : sail , I '11 look you up in New York : sometime , bonnie what ? carter what -- huh ? . bonnie do you say you would look I up in New York sanetime ? . carter sure ! I will see you there <- bonnie when be you come =- ° ° carter " + what dia you say . bonnie when be you come -- cart=r . next week at fivo o'clock . Carter walk around ber as . caiera pan to she - they embrace . carter . rey , I like thot say goodbye = " ; let 's try it again , huh ? so long , . ; bonnie -- . : | Carter exit through door b.g. as bonnie watch =- as she { turn kid enter -- they start right b.g . ' bonnie say - thing happen awful fast - - around here . . '' kid uh huh ! '' porch 202 mo . shot bonnie and kid enter through door . exe , airport : lo'g shot plane . warming up - Carter 's walk from f.g. to plane . 204 mo . lohg sect cartyr walz - examine it , as man get out , he climb - other work around exit as plane take off left . '' porch 205 mo . shot bonnie and kid in doorway . bonnie . be it go to be dangerous ? kid ¥het do you want to do - put a net under he , ' yell , lady you be really better off this way -- bonnie - ( turn to he ) yeeh I guess -= but look , I nerdly imow the man . ( > 62 205 ccntinchd : kid : sure , but you will get over it . good= pye miss Lee - I get to keep tabs on he . bonnie Goodbye «- - hid turn and exit b.g . she turn , olose door and exit into house . : fade out . fad in : D long shot bunk id in bed wake - rise and walk leave to window , then jeft to door and open it as camera pan -< 207 mo . shot noe Zia at door - take cirarette - then walk right b.g. 43 camera pan and pick up telephone . kid . Calling loovout - call lookout , tex! S voice hello , kid -- do geoff get down all right ? kid , ' sure he 's ell right -- tex's voice tnat 's gooé - T could not see he when he pass here , sign off . , kid okaye seior_ porch . 208 long shot ( shoot frgi porch ) Carter walk towards camera carry mail bage - to doore ( .. ( e oe 63 '' int . radio room 209 long shot Carter through door walk towards camera and enter = a3 kid enter lighting cigarette - Carter take it and walk leave follow by kid to door and start through - as cambra pans= < . kid that be a pretty quick trip you make , I still say that be a pretty quick trip . : : : carter aw , shut up . kid well , it be not slow == int , cafe : . 210 long shot ~ : . Carter and kid walk to Charlie f.g. . carter good morning , Charlie -- how about a hot cup of -- 211 long shot bonnie seat at table - salute . oo '' bonnie hello . 212 mo , shot | , Carter , kid and Charlie ~ Carter start right f.g. 213 mo . 's long shot bonnie seat - Carter enter to she - " carter what be you do here ? 2 bonnie havin ! my breakfast , . carter '' be you boat still here ? bonnie ( shaking she head = con= tinue eat ) no «- 213 continued : '' 214 , . mo . shot have it sail ? 64 carter bonnie ( nodd ) uh huh ! . carter well , how do you happen to get leave behind ? * : bonnie seat at table - 215 mo . long : bonnie : oh I - just -- carter' voice well , go on =-- bonnie well , I just tell the man == carter' voice told he what ? bonnie to put my trunk on the dock , . carter' voice yeah , why ? bonnie well , well = could not stay over without have anything to wear = now could I ? - shot . Carter stand by bonnie seat - side angle . : bonnie ' what 's so strange about that ? carter do not it seem strange to you ? bonnie what ? carter get off that boat - well , do not ... it ? 65 bonnie seat at table . ' '' . bonnie well , I do not know , you know the girl that get off thet boat be a -. perfect stranger to I - it do not " now = I do not know whether this be I or another fellow , . 216 mo . shot ) ™~ pt 217 mo . long shot Carter stand by bonnie seat at table right f.g. with | back t-o camera = . bonnie you know by all rights , bonnie Lee ought to be sound asleep on that boat far out to sea , carter . yeah , - well , she 's not so far out to sea as you think , bonnie what be not ? , oo ( ; carter / ( turn . . = the boat ! . : . . 218 long shot : bonnie seat .at table with back to camera - kid by bar - Carter in center address kid - : '' carter hey , kid . kid yeah . : carter : put some more gas in # 7 and cali up Santa haria and have they hold - the boat till we get there . ' ( turn to . bonnie ) where 's you luggage - where be it ?- bonnie ( point ) . . over there , '' . . charlie ne . ( he turg to kid ) good ! hey , Charlie -- well , what , be you wait for , kid ? 219 mo . long shot kid against bar = back of Carter right f.g. ( oq kid . . the boat do not stop at Santa Maria this trip . . carter why not ? : oo . kid : | they have no bananas . carter they have no bananas ? . kid — yes , they have no bananas , . carter aw , shut up .. 220 mo , shot . bonnie seat = bonnie do not worry , mister . look_you do not ( & have to bother about I - I be cure . '' os I suppose there 's the first time for everything . , . . carter' voice what do you mean ? bonnie well , I have never quite make such a . chump out of myself - I be sorry , I be sorry I ~ no , I be not either = ! she rise . 221 mo . shot carter bonnie' voice I be glad -~ . : carter you be not make sense , ( = 222 223 224 225 226 67 close shot bonnie bonnie you be tell I , if I would talen that boat I would of go ont of here remember a swell guy -- someone who live up to a screwy ideal that _ I -- I do not know -- long shot : Carter and kid by bar - bonnie right , with back to camera , carter look , I do not ask you to stay -- I would not ask eny woman -- bonnie I know - you would not ask any woman to do anything . . carter : that 's right , and what 's more - there 's something else I would not do . bonnie get burn twice in the same place , there 's another boat leave next week . I will be on ite : carter good ! I have get to get some sleep , Carter turn and exit through door , beg close shot bonnie she turn back to camera , mo . shot kid by bar - he exit right , f.g. , mo . shot : bonnie with back to camera - kid enter as she turn : kid well , bonnie , if you be go to be here a week - we would better fina someplace for you to park , . bonnie yes , I guess so , can I have a nice room with a bath . . kid . I will see what I can do . with vo oo continued : i cy ) bounte 4 you know , I always do like a bath - better . than a shower . she sob cn kid 's shoulder as he pat she back . fade out . fade in : T. bldg . = day 227 long shot . Carter walk right down step to Doctor and crowd as canera pan . carter good morning , Doctor . doctor ' buenas dias . ( good morning ) _ carter ( rd oe what be you do here ? , doctor que ? ( what ) . carter motion ) aw -- - pancho que hace aqui ? ( what be you do here ) doctor estamos espereando el aereoplane que fue a buscar al joven hartwood ala mina de San felip . ( we be wait for the plane that go to get young hartwood at San felipe mine ) comprende ? ( understand carter sure - sure . Carter turn and start leave b.g. '' '' 228 = mo . long shot sparky and dutcmzan - Carter enter , 228 continued : 69 carter what 's he say ? sparky ' they be wait for young harte wood who have a bad accident at San felipe mine . carter . yeah , that 's a bad place to land , who do you send out to get he ? sparky the kid , he take number seven . carter ( turn to dutchman ) why do not you call I , dutch ? dutchman I pull you out of bed twice , but each time you crawle back on I , carter well , next time I do not wake up , do not send kid out on a tough job . like that ! W Carter turn and start to exit through door d.g. follow by dutchman int . radio room 229 long shot and sparky . Carter , dutchman and sparky walk right as camera pan = Carter pick up book as sparky exit right for ,g . carter ' who 's go to meet the southbound boat ? dutchman why do not you send Les ? carter you would better go yourself , dutchy - you get that new flier come in . dutchman what ! 8 he name ? carter I do not know what it be - what be it , sparky ? o c3 ( = 229 230 int . 70 continued : SPARKS macpheerson , be not it ? carter macpherson , be not it ? dutchman but who be he ? carter * oh , what 's the difference , dutch , as long as he can fly ? we can not afford to be too fussy down here , go on , baby , go meet the boat - = that be right . Carter push dutchman as he tease he . dutceman ( as he start to exit b.g . ) all right , carter tell charley to fix I some break= fast , will you ? : dutchman yes , sir , : ( scene missing ) radio room 251 long shot . Carter enter through door and walk to sparky seat at phone - as camera pan . kid be voice number Seven call barranca <= number Seven call barranca . . sparky go ahead , kid . kid be vorce : hey , let I talk to geoff , will you ? carter hello , grandpa , ( & 231 continued : '' kide voice say , geoff - you need a elevator to get down in this place . carter . what 's the matter - the wind bad ? ' kide voice not especially - but it do not look so good . 232 ned . shot Carter with phone . . carter oh . it be up to you , kid . if you do not think you can make it , come on back , kide voice do you ever set down in here , geoff ? carter yeah - once . it 's about as easy as get a piano over a transom , kid be voice ' well , it will not do any harm to take a stab at it . carter well , suit yourself , kid , but you will not be do young hartwood any good if you crack up . 233 mo . long shot Carter stand by desk with phone - sparky seat right with back to camera . kide voice well , that 's right . okay - I be come back . . sparky you would better call old man hartwood . carter . yeah .. get he for I , will you . sparky rise as they walk leave - camera panning - sparky exit as dutchman enter through door with milebag . 255 continued : dutchman ( put down bag and walk to Carter ) well , here 's the mail and he name be macpherson <- carter yeah ~ how do you find out ? dutchman he tell . carter well - well , where be he ? dutchman he 's put he thing in he room , , carter I will be out in a minute , dutchy . dutchman ( turn and start through door b.g . ) all right , : carter do not strain yourself , dutchman yes , sir , '' cafe 254 long shot : people seat at table , other milling through scene - dutchman walk towards camera as bat come down stair . : ( ad lib koise ) dutchman you room all right , Mr. macpheerson ? bat it will do , . dutchman - well , let 's get you acquainted around here , they walk leave as camera pan with they to bar - es bat be introduce - mo . long shot ° dutchman boy - this be Mr. macpheerson - we new flier , to 234 continued : ' les i oc welcome to we fair city , 235 wed , shot Les , gent , dutchman . and bat - other b.g. no dutchman ° ee Les paber . : les how do you do ? dutchman ; ; gent shelton -- . gent how be you ? dutchman ( as Mike enter right , shaking hand ) oh , Mike -- this be Mr. macpheerson , we head mechanic , . mike il . how be you ? ( & y , bat / how be you ? be it too early to . buy a drink ? : les I guess not , let 's sit down . '' 236 long shot - Group at bar walk towards camera end sit at table . les where be you from ? bat -. Mexico City . les what kind of stuff be they use up there ? - bat . oh , some old fokker and ford . oo ) , gent ~ well , well - look who be here ? o 235 237 ( & 238 '' 239 74 ontinued : Les rum right as camera pan to felisa and Elena - follow by gent = other b.g , - they turn and walk to table as camera pan Les ( embrace they ) Elena - felisa - how be you ? I do not know you come in on that boat . aw , mack , you will have to buy a couple more drink . this be Elena - Elena silva and felisa .. felisa torres ! ur Girls sit at table , bat how do yous long shot : ' bonnie enter and walk through crowd towards cemera as Carter enter and pass she . . les ! voice torres - macpherson this «= carter have a good sleep ? bonn Ie no ! long shot dutchman and group by table - felisa and Elena seat = as Carter enter - other b.g. - they greet . dutchman oh , geoff - hr , macpherson be here . carter Mr. macpherson , I be glad to see you . : felisa geoff} mo . ot dutchzan , Carter ' and bat - Carter walk rignt and lift up felisa as calzra pan =~ other b.g. ° " carter well = hello , lola -= oo a! continued : felisa not lola -- felisa . carter oh , yes , that 's right . well , felisa , hov 's Panama ? . felisa oh , geoff , it be Puerto Rico . carter be that where it be ? felisa yes . carter well , I - can not remember name - I be better at face . Carter let go of felisa 's hand , walk leave as camera pan to bat and group . . carter you name be not macpherson - it 's kilgalion . 5d . long shot bat and group felisa sit leave by he as they all look at Carter right , with back to camera . bat you be not so bad on name , after all , - les kilgallon -' bat you hear he , les bat kilgallon . bat ( take out cigarette ) that 's right . gent 75 well , what of it . he 's not the se first guy that come down here under a different name , 240 continued : 241 ned . long dutchman , Les no . but he be the first pilot who ever bail out of he plane and let he mechanic crash . - bat : oh , habit of yours be right - be not it ? les ( move to fight ) look , you --« carter cut it out , les. hey - do you kmow the kid be work down here ? bat what ? . carter ' he be . les I do not think there be anything funny about that . bat you be right - there be not , but I have to come a long way to find it out . les of all the cast- iron crust -= - bat ( lighting match ) do not flatter I . shot 16 bat , Carter - back of Les leave f.g , = other b.g. dutchman but wrat 's the kid get to do with it ? carter nothing - except it be the kid 's young bvrotner that be kill when this guy take to he parachute , - " dutchman oh -- ( les I think I have = 22 enough of this . gent ( enter ssene f.g. with back to samera ) : I , too . come on , baby , let 's si over here , Girls rise and they exit f.g. les - come on , Zlen -- come , geoff ?. carter ( take é>ink ) no , this be eccd enough for I . bat not so particular , huh ? carter no . I do not think even you could spoil good licxor . 242 closeup bat bat thanks - I be mst use to this staall favor . will wo a close shot carter * carter I be sorry I say it . I be not use to be arouz people like . you . ld . seot group other b.g. NY its a carter well , here it zoe , that 's the kid come in now . , : dutchman . geoff , what be we < = carter quiet , dutch you would better . - because for 7 listen , brother , 2ke yourself scarce - be information , the '' kid carry a gun , . ~77 o 265 247 248 249 250 78 continued : bat 7 be not you get kind of careful of I all of a sudden ? carter I be not worry about you -= but it be go to be -- closeup bat carter' voice -- inconvenient for I if they - slap the kid in the hoosegow . bat I will have to meet he sooner or la - ter , will not I ? close shot carter carter . well , maybe you be right . well , it 's you funeral , . ned . group shot Carter turn as dutchy start right . : dutchy all passenger aboard the boat . purser ( speak in spanisn , tell pase senger avout board boat mo . shot bonnie in crowd - as people start exite . msd , shot Carter by bar - other b.g , - he kiss felisa as she exit . carter i!1l remember -- it be Puerto Rico . so long , pet . ( scene of kid landing missing ) 251 long shot , Group around = kid enter through door , walk leave to bar as camera pan . . kid whew - it 's hot down here on the un ground , give I some cold water , ~ baldy . who 's get a match ? what 's , the matter - it 's like walk in a graveyard . oh , hello , be you the new guy ? kid waik leave to Carter and other at bar = put out hand , then stoops - as bat rise up into scene . fid welcome to we city . my name 's < = bat hello , kid -- 252 closeu ? kid other b.g. = he have cigarette . ( S kid hello , kilgallon - long time no see . ~ bat that 's right . 253 mo . long shot kid at bar - Carter and bat leave - side - angle - other b.g. kid I think there be - something - look <- carter ( strike match ) here , kid I be all right . 254 close7 ? kid other 0.g. kid two year ago I would have break you -- 255 hed . close shot bat ee lock down . ( S 257 258 259 260 261 BU mo . long shot Group at bar - kid turn and wall right beg , as camera pan pess other , as they turn watch he exit . kid keep out of my sight - I might still do it . ned . long shot group at bar . les well , it 's none of my business = but I do not know why you .stopped he . judy' voice oh , bat ! , carter ° you be right - it 's none of you business , mo . long shot sudy on step , walk toward people below . zed . long shot . carver , bat and Les at bar - other b.g. - bat exit right . long shot vucy - bat enter , other b.g. - they walk leave as canera pan to Les and other as they greet , bat oh , Judy - I want you to meet this people . gentlemen , this be ers. mepherson = nr ... gent shelton be my name . judy Mr. shelton , gent this be Les Peters , ned . shot carter les ! voice how do you do . ( > 265 266 bat let 's get this over with = when do the next boat leave ? : carter have you get enough dough for you passage ? bat no , carter . that 's fine . I wonder if I could -- a bat what ? carter cram you down they throat . bat that bunch out there ? I would not mind choke a few of they . sound of telephone . Carter exit right . loxg shot Carter walk to phone as bat rise from desk and pace floor = walk to window back , carter _ hello . oh , yes , Mr. hartwood . I have be try to get you . hartwood's voice geoff , I have get to cet my boy out of there , or at least bring a doce tor in here . carter well , I would like to help you , but I can not take a chance on lose a plane . . . , hartwood's voice ( ad lib ) you can write you own ticket - I will take full responsie= bility for the plane . 2ed . close shot Carter at phone = he turn , . carter yeah ... wait a minute . hey , fella - ( & C 84 mo . long shot bat n om with carter' voice - - you want a chance ? . bat what do you think ? 269 mo . close shot Carter at phone , carter I be not promise you a job = but at least , you will make you passage home , ° : 279 mo . long shot bat : Carter at phone right f.¢ , bat that 's all right with I , carter Mr. hartwood , you have get a deal «= yes , right away . put out some smoke so we can tell about the wind ... good. Goodbye , ah Carter turn as spark enter and walk to door back - Carter start leave , carter spark - get the doctor in -- 271 mo . long shot - Carter sit at desk opposite bat as he walk around by Carter , carter you take a doctor in to a boy who 's hurt . it 's a bad place to get in to = but worse to get out , : bat have you get a map ? : carter I will make you one . . spark at door b.g. - Doctor enter as they walk to Carter . - . SPARKS : : setae genga Doctor - here he be geoff , 271 continued : o . ( & carter hello , doc. spark , you would better tell the doctor this be no cinch = he do not have to go wnless he n want to . - doctor hola ! SPARKS . dice que es peligroso y que no vaya usted si ho quiere , doctor que se imaginan usted - yo digo come Shakespeare , carter sure ~ sure , doctor por mis vida no I importa . que a dios la debi al nacer . nada I amedrenta y cumplo con lo que alla esrito este , mi destino sea el que se , solo se muere una ves , carter { ad libbing over Doctor 's speech about direction on map ) sure - sure , doctor . doctor ( turn and exit through door b.g . ) I go - I voy a preparar - I go , . carter well , he be evidently go . SPARKS oh , you hurt he feeling . : carter yeah - why ? 272 . < sdium shot Carter and bat seat - spark stand right - side - angle . SPARKS he be quote Shakespeare . Henry the fourth , I think . ' a man can die but oncet . we owe a death if we pay it today , we do not owe it tomorrow . add page = 86-a feb.. 23 , 1939 ext . build = day CO 273-a mo . long shot bonnie turn to sparis . 273-b mo , shot bonnie he certainly take a awful beate ing . I never see anybody treat that bad before . the way they look at he - like something that crawle out from under a rock , SPARKS yes , that 's about right . bonnie '' I would like to kmow why he jump , SPARKS well , something go wrong ; what it be nobody will ever know «= just that he 's alive and the kid lose he brother , bonnie suppose he could have save he if he stay with the plane ? SPARKS who know ? let 's say he could not . : bonnie then why should not he jump if he '' couldntt do any good by stay there ? SPARKS they do not look at it that way . bonnie but I would jump - believe I , SPARKS you be not in they business , they look at it the same way sailor do . SPARKS SPARKS Captain desert a ship ... radio operator leave he post . you be suppose to stay , and if you do not , among you own kind you be a mark man . no matter where you go ~ you story travel ahead of you . you mow they have hear it the way they look at you . add page = 86 - B Feb , 23 , 1939 - ‘od 273-c close shot bonnie , '' '' SPARKS ! voice + .and when you tell they who you be - and if they have not hear it you think they have , so what they do not do to you , you do to yourself , 273=d mo . long shot spark and bonnie = he exit leave f.g. SPARKS and that go until you find som place where ... 1t 's not easy to hide . bonnie Holy smoke ! ( i ( & . 87 int . radto room vw 274 . long shot _ Carter at window draw shade then walk léat as camera par and kid enter through door , . carter . hello , kid - put down that ' shade , ~ . will you ? : kid ( pull shade ) hey , what about this guy killgal - on = macpherson ? 275 ° mo . long shot ' , eye - chart on wall , 276 long shot Carter at desk adjust light - kid at window back = he en- ter to Carter as ho put down chair '' kid sit . kid you be not put he to work , be you ? carter weta talk about that later , a ' , kid be you give I a eye test ? : carter yeah - read that fourth line , kid you be not worried about my . eye , be you ? ~ carter I have be for some time . go ahead , kid . kid ( sit ) - just because I do not see that guy right off ? . . carter quit ' stalling , kid . kid c L. P. b.d. carter - that 's very good . : ( & 276 277 278 279 88 kid ( start to rise ) I could have tell you . carter ( restrain kid ) . stay there - I have get a new one for you . Carter take new chart from under blotter and exit leave . mo . loxe shot . : chart on wall . Carter enter - change they , then turn , point . carter fourth line on this , mo . close shot kid seat , kid P. D. EL 0 , carter' voice try the fifth . - : kid f. Z. B. D. E. ned . long shot kid seat - Carter enter to desk , : carter now , read it backwards -' kid - E. D. bz . Fe carter why , that 's better than I can do . kid well , that 's that . now , what about that guy -- carter '' ( start right ) hey ; wait - you be not through yet . - oo . o on ( > 261 continued : ' and -< '' bl judy' voice Mr , Peters , . gent voice and this be Mr , van ruyter , we boss . judy' voice Mr , Van '' uyter meet we at the boat . gent voice 262 mo . shot judy she react - Les and other by - Carter leave f.g. , back to camera . gent geoff Carter < = carter Mrs , macpherson . judy ( turn to bat ) Mr. Carter . I be - I be sorry , bat - but I forget to ask you for the trunk key . bat oh , yes , you do , _ judy I be afraid that I interrupt something . . carter not at all . . bat here you be . run along - I will see you in a few minute . judy I be glad to have meet everyone . she exit right . 263 long shot statrway Judy enter with back to camera and exit . ( ) 82 284 medium shot Carter , bat and group at bar ~- bat and Carter 's gaze meet . 's bat no , she do not know about I , carter ' come on , - . les geoff , you be not go to put this man to work ? carter ‘( as they start right ) that , too , be none of you business , dutcexan : wait a minute , georf , oe carter who 's run this airline , dutch ? | dutchman you be . - '' carter that 's what I mean . dutchman but you do not seem to remember that .. Carter and yat exit right . int . radio room 265 long shot . - bat and Carter enter to sparky . carter do you get old man hartwood yet ? sparzy no , the line be still busy . sparky exit right as bat and Carter enter to desk . bat sit on edge of desk as Carter pace floor , carte ! . : you do some queer thing , kille . . galon . bat macpherson be the name . - carter . that 's what I be talxing about . why do not you teil ner what you have do ? ( * ne 280 ‘281 282 283 284 285 286 287 89 long shot Carter pick up box and place it on table . carter here = take a shot at this . kide voice where do you get that ? . carter Mike make it -- Carter take string - walk leave to kid seat with back to camera - as camera pan = then back to box , turn on light . carter go ahead - line they up . wed . shot kid seat - smoking cigarette ~- pull string , mo . down shot Carter by box as post slide up and down . mo . long shot kid seat f.g. back to camera - Carter by box beg as kid puil string . | kid they be together now -- mo . down shot . Carter by box , put peg together , carter yeah . mo , long shot Carter by box , turn off light and pick it up and walk b.g. mo , shot " kid seat , kid ~ how do I do ? . long shot Carter put box away , walk leave as camera pan , put up shade , carter not bad . well , what about kill - galon ? 90 288 mo . shot kid seat . kid ad he 's not stay here - be he ? 289 long shot Carter by window - walk leave to kid seat , as camera pan ! ue _ carter po why not ? kid . . : why not ? I think ' you would be the last guy to ask I that . he 's no good , and you know it . why , he be <= : '' carter take it easy = take it easy , Te kid he 's no good , , carter : ( walk to kid ) ' think he 's any worse than a guy who would double - cross he best . - friend ? ( e . kid . wf ' huh ? . : oo carter . . look , kid , I do not care about my = " . . self - anything you do be all right with I -= but if the dutchman ~ lose enother plane , he 's cook . 290 mo . close shot soe kid seat - back of Carter right f.g , kid . cook ? I think he be roll : in dough . : . . . carter . nsit on desk ) why do you think that new troy moe tor be still down there in the dock ? : kid yeah , . I do wonder about that ? oo - . .91 ( > ) 290 . contrnve : / | i : carter well , look , kid - here it be : dutehy make a agreement that if he could get the mail out of here twice a week on schedule for six month , he '1l not only get a long contract by sub= ' sidy do you know what that would = mean - plenty of money around here = no . more secondhand junk to fly - no more pass to monkey with . why , this new job can get over the top of = that peak in any kind of weather ! " kid : yeah , that would be nice - when aia the schedule start ? will carter - ' six month ago , - kid . well , then , you be -- 5 carter ( '' only one more week = or at least until the northbound boat arrive . kid : oh , that 's why you have be force ~ thing = huh ? , carter uh-huh . kid ~ well , why do not you tell a fella ? ~ oo carter dutehy . : ~ kid . dutchy - why ? carter well , he be afraid that if you guy know the spot he be in , you would - . start take unnecessary chance . @ 2 % ( lose , sor kid " seat , kid . what a guy ! ( '' 92 close shot carter carter yeah . long shot senter seat on desk by kid seat . kid you be right about my eye . I could not see that card . I learn ' they by heart . carter what about the new one ? kid dutchy tell I where you hide it . carter ( rise ) the old foot - double -crossing hime self , kid he be not think about / that . he be think how you would feel ground= ing I , ~ carter ( turn back to camera ) you be through fly , . kid , kid uhh - after twenty year - well , I guess that 's long enough for any ~ body , you be go to need that kilgalon , be not you ? carter I might . kid yeah , well , if you do , forget how I feel about he . carter thanks , kid - there 's a lot of thing you can do around here to help I , you know , kid oh , ' sure - I can help Mike - I can - sure -- kid turn and exit b.g. as Carter kick chair then site on , desk = rise and start to exit right . txt . radio room - _ '' 2 c¢ mo . long shot | Carter enter 's take phone .. | carter Calling macpherson == call mac~ pherson , bat' voice ( ) go ahead . . : carter | Radio check . bat' voice 1 - 2 -3 = 4 - 5 . . carter '' okay , report when you get there . — Carter hang up phone - pick up chair . dissolve to : . . : 295 mo . shot . . co Carter seat at desk . vo . bat' voice Calling barranca - call barranca , carter go ahead . bat ! S voice the Doctor say we have get to get . this fellow to the hospital . they be load he in now . his father be come , too , . carter can you get out of there with that extra weight ? . bat' voice I get a little help from the wind . itll go right off the ledge and use the canyon to pick up speed . : ° . carter # @ let me.t kmow if you make it . a bat' voice okay . 93 295 continued : a no ( cd 296 297 293 299 @ 300 Carter put down phone - then pick it up again . bat' voice Calling barrama - call barranca , carter go ahead . bat' voice we get out all right - all in one piece . carter what do you want I to do <= pat you on the back ? bat' voice . sign off . : sound of knock , , carter come in . mo . long shot door it open as Judy enter . : : judy busy ? . long shot Carter . seat at desk . mo , long shot Judy in doorway - she enter , close door . . judy it all seem very natural . mo . long shot Carter walk towards camera to mo . shot carter yes , it . do - do not 1t ? mo . shot Judy against door , judy do you like my hair this way ? ( + 502 503 504 '' so do I . 95 mo . close sect carter I think it be different , long shot Judy against door , walk right as camera dolly to Carter - mo , shot they greet as he kiss she = she start leave f.g. judy I could hardly believe my eye . I have no idea that you -' carter pretty small world , hello , Judy . judy I be not sure you should have do that . carter the same old goo , you have not chenge a bit , : judy " nos mo . long shot . Judy enter to desk ard turn . judy be you surprised to find I mar - rie ? long shot carter . carter . : no - somebody write I something about it .. Carter walk leave as camera pan to Judy = take cigarette , carter i= I think you would have enough of flier . judy ( sit on desk , light he cigarette ) carter : : well , be you get along all rignt ? 7 ) ( = 305 s07 508 309 - -96 mo . close shot Judy seat - back of Carter right f.gi . judy very happy . carter ( lighting cigarette ) do - do you tell he about we ? he judy he 's never ask I . ° . carter . hmmm _- well , Judy I wish you all . the luck in the world - if there be anything I can do for you -- judy while you be jn this mood , would you mind do something about we room . . mo . shot Carter = back of Judy seat f.g. carter why ? what 's the matter with it ? judy do you remember the one I have at catalina ? well , it be even smale ler than that and no bath , mo . long shot - Carter by Judy seat on desk - he turn , walk right as camera pan to door = open it as bonnie fall in . : carter well , I will dowhat I can , Judy , mo . long shot judy : carter' voice Mrs. macpherson - this be miss Lee , mo . long shot bonnie and Carter by door , carter miss Lee have to find out about everything go on around here -= miss Lee would probably like to , ask you a couple of question , 309 continued : uv . bonnie 's ' , é I would not never mind . bonnie turn , bump into door - then exit bear gi as Carter start to close door . 310 mo . long shot Judy at desk - she walk right as camera pan . judy still at . it , '' be not you , geoff , C ) . 311 mo . long shot Carter by door - Judy enter , carter ( walk to she ) huh ? what ? oh , you mean that -- oh no , she 's stop over . between boat -- judy . at you invitation ? , * . carter my invitation ? I would not ask any woman -- judy any woman to do anything . I have hear that before , no , geoff , you can not keep that up forever . you will meet someone sometime you will have to ask -- carter I have not so far . ( ad lib noise ) aoe Carter walk leave as camera pan and open door , int . cafe 312 long shot . my Carter as Les fall on step - he walk leave as camera pan - kid choke gent on table - dutchy stand by - Carter i 4 separate they . . kid it be not you brother he kill , to you do not have to pick up nobody with a sponge . you get no call ' to run out on geoff -- : ) '' 312 continued : CO carter cut it out . kic turn , start fight as Carter punch he , then grab hiz , shaking he head . : carter ~ . how be you = all right ? 313 mo . down shot group mechanic take kid right as Carter examine gent - then walk right as camera pan to Les on step = he risese carter take he in there , take it easy . ' you will do =- why do not you two guy | pick on somebody you can handle -= les wait a minute , geoff - I think it 's bust . carter -( rarr ) try to move you finger . tes not a wiggle -- . : carter . that 's fine - what start this ? gent enter to Carter and Les - Judy and other bg , les well , the kid come in - have a coupie of . drink . gent and I get to squawk about work with this fellow bat == and one thing ied to another . carter you be go to quit , huh ? les that be the main idea , end the next thing I know I wound up on the floor , . gent 2 . that guy do not make sense - he ace - . '' _ sl ted like he be crazy , carter you would be crazy , too . 313 continued : '' gent why ? carter I have to ground he . he 's through ' fly . gent - nol les . his eye ? : / carter uh-huh . gent that 's tough . les . no wonder he go nut . carter come on , Les , you would better take of ' that thing to the hospital . ( les yeah , in just a minute . I want to talk to , the kid a second , first . gent I , too . they all turn and start b.g. 314 mo . shot > Judy - as les , gent and group with back to camera start by hor. , : judy . oh , Mr. Peters , what do you say - about work with my husband ? les ( turn to she ) why , I do not say anything , do I ? . : . gent , why should you ? a , -. tes . oh , I guess you must 'a misunder - * stand I , they all exit from she . J > int . radio room 315 316 200 long shot Les , gent and Carter enter to kid wash face - dutchman enter deg . . ies look , kid == kid yeah ? : les we do not know anything about -= geoff just tell we -= about the bad news , kid yeah . mo . shot gent , Les and kid ~ dutchman b.g . kid still figure on quit ? les . I guess if you can stand that guy - we get no right to kick . kid ( hold out hand ) okay ~ forget it . hey ? les I just do not pick - out a good place to land . I be sorry . about that other thing . gent well , what about be - I do not get this by walk into any door , come on = kiss it , daddy - make it well , kid blow kiss to gent as he end Les exit b.g. - other fol - low as kid walk go door leave - camera pan take in dutch - man and Carter - sparka beg gent feel better already . kid . now , you be another guy short , ' oc ci 316 continued : carter well , that 's how it go , kid I certainly ama great help to you , geoff , ' garter we will get along all right - maybe I could teach dutchy to fly . ° dutchman who = I ? no , no - I do not want to . carter now , look = who 's run this air= line ? dutchman oh , geoff - please include I out , kid ( turn and exit through door ) that 's not a bad idea , dutchman no , geoff - I do not want to fly . carter ( rumpling dutch 's hair ) now , now - cheor up . SPARKS ( walk to Carter & dutch ) airplane , they all turn and look through door back 317 ( scene missing ) 318 mo . long shot . 101 . spark and dutchman by door ~ bat enter and walk leave as camera pan to mediim shot Carter seat , bat ( start right ) . hartwood say to give you this check =~ he say if it be not satis - factory to let he kmow . 102 318 continued : 319 " 320 s21 carter wait a minute . bat . oh , yeah - I forget , what about my passage money . * carter you do not need it yet == you have get the job . mo . close shot bat = dutchman bog . . bat maybe I ought to pat you on the back . . mo . shot Carter seat . carter you do not have to -= just do what I tell you to do . mo . long shot . bat by Carter seat : : bat : you mean anything that 's a little too tough for somebody else , huh ? ' carter yeah , yeah - that 's about it . look fellow , I be lmee -deep in friend . around here , but you be one guy I can send out on any kind of weather , in any kind of job and only worry about the ship get back . bat I see . carter on that term , do you still want the job ? ~ bat I do not lmow of any other way I would want it , 103 s21 continued : 1s i 322 523 carter good . go on out on the field and get acquainted , anything you want to lmow = ask Mike , bat turn and exit leave , mo . long shot dutchman by : door - Mat enter , ' carter' voice and if he will not talk to you -- tell he it 's order , bat yes , sir , bat exit through door right as canera pan = man bebe mo . long shot : Carter seat at desk - dutchman enter . carter ( hand he check ) hey , dutchy - come and get it . get the chip out of hock , . dutceman ( take check react ) I be afraid we need more than anr be not it too much ? carter not for thet kind of fly . dutchman aw , geoff - I do not mow <= carter if you want to thank anyone , thank he . and one way to do that be to get he a decent room . dutchman - I have not get anything , . carter what about the one up on the bal - cony ? : . oe - _- dutchman . miss Lee 's in there , 104 323 continued : . ld carter : what ~right next to I ? dutchman yes -- I think -- _ carter ow ' well , stop think and get she ~ out of there ! , dutchman all right , geoff - if you want < = carter well , I do -~ dutchmen walk right to door as camera pan carter' voice but get the ship first , . dutchman yes . . . carter and get it over here as fast as 4 ec you can . sure = sure , dutchman tchmax exit through door , close it . 324 mo , shot : Carter seat = pick up hat and start toe xit . carter oh , spark , have the boy ready to go to work on that new ship as soon as she get in . oh , never mind , I will tell they myself , 325 ( scene missing ) ext . build - day 's ) 326 long shc ? man_anc woman walk from f.g , to b.g , as bonnie enter from building and walk leave - camera pan ~ to kid work on machinery . . 4 cy ) ( 326 continued : 105 woman Buenos dias . . bonnie hello . kid hello , bonnie , how you do ? bony Ie oh , not so bad , after spend a night in that mouse auditorium I be sleep in - just sbout room for . I and a flitegun . kid I think we have you fix up pretty good . 327 close shot bonnie pack of kid in leave f.g. 328 mo . long bonnie by bonnie you do , but Mr. Carter have other idea , : . . kid oh bonnie . you warn I . say , be not tha girl the one he use to be in love with ? eid " bonnie , when it rain , every third drop fall on one of they . bonis I cen believe that all right . they come right cut of the woodwork . well , more power to he . shot kid work on machinery - side - angle . . kid oh , sure , of bony Ie say , you do not think I care about he e« . . ‘329 331 332 uheuh ! map bonnie well , I do not . but I would like to tell he what I think about he , kid all you have to do be raise you voice a little , kid point up as bonnie react . bonnie be that he ? kid the old master himself , ( scene missing ) mo . long shot bonnie and kid . bonnie what 's he do ? kid test a old smashed - up plane ~ that might stick together with a little glue -- mo . iong shot Mike , Les end man . kid' voice or do you use bail wire this time , Mike ? mike do not worry = that wing ! 11 stay on all right , long shot group look up . . kid : we will soon see . he 's high enough . here he come , 106 553 ( CO 334 335 4 ce ( 388 : ; 337 cod ( scene missing ) ned . shot kid and bonnie look up . bonnie hey , hey == kid het not try to do that . I can not see = what 's happen , Mike , . mo . lowg shot Mike and group . . mike windshield give way = hit the tail , lo : les look like she 's out of cmtrol . mo . shot bonnie and kid = look up . . kid pull she out , geoff - pull she out } bonnie he be not go -- . xid aw , he 's all right - safe as a church , just like he be sit on , a rock chair . mo . shot Les and Mike look up . : mike now , he 's out of it . les now 's you chance , geoff - come on -. get out . kid jump , you fool 108 . 338 mo . long shot ( cy kid and bonnie . bonnie jump , jump ! what 's he do ? kid , he 's go to try to land . mike' voice he can not make it ! ( ad lib ) . o kid Mike , get set for a crash ! les ! voice not with that tail smashed -- not in a million year . : mike' voice start that truck ! bonnie why do not he junp ? kid why ? why should he jump ? he 's make of rubber - that 's what he : be , he want to hit the ground . and see how high he can bounce . _ bonnie a aw , shut up . 339 close shot bonnie and kid kid shut up - that 's fly , you fool . that be what you have be ask for , be not it ? see what you be up against ? see how little he care ~ ' about you , sbout I , about anybody ? : all he 's worried about be to get that crate on the ground in one piece , 340 mo . shot . : bonnie and kid . 's she put she hand on he shoulder . nw bonnie he will make it , will not he , kid ? : kid I do not know , but he will come as close as anyone , 343 109 ( scene missing ) mo . shot bonnie and kid he wip 's brow as she hold stomach . kid oh , I be get too old for «= what 's the matter ? bony Ie ido not know , I be = ifm «= ' bonnie turn , hold hand over mouth and exit into house +&e : int. room long shot bonnie seat on bed - kid enter with glass of medicine , kid can I come in ? bonnie sure . kid here , this be good for you stom= ach , but it will not help much for what ail you , . . bonnie you do not tell he what a baby . I be «= kid no , I skip that . bonmie you will not tell he , will you ? kid after that sample , you still get you chin out for more ? . bonn Ie oh , I 'know I 'ma fool , tut there be not anything I can do about it . se / kid well , he will not quit fly , bonnie , 343 continued : 344 -' oo 545 rie '' 546 347 sy 34 co 6 bonnie I would not ask he to . mo . close shot bonnie seat - kid sit leave with back to camera . bonnie you do not believe that , do you ? kid you would have a hard time make he believe that , think you could take that sort of thing - day after day ? bonnie : you love hin , do not you , kid ? mo . shot kid seat - back of bonnie right f.g. kid yes , I guess I do , bonnie why can not I love he the way you do ? mo , shot bonnie seat - back of kid leave f.g , bowie why could not I sneer when he try to kill himself , and feel proud when he do not ? why could not I be there to meet he when he get back ? why could not I -= what do you do when he do not come back when you expect he to ? mo . shot kid seat - back of bonnie right f.g.. . kid I go nut ! mo . shot / bonnie seat - back of kid leave f.g. - she sob . ~ bonnie gee whiz , you be a great help . ss ull Inc , radio room é *c ) 349 ° long snor spark at telephone - Carter and kid enter - he hang up be - ceiver and meet they . SPARKS - Si , si , para cuando sera ? esta bien , gracias - adios . ( yes , yes , when will it be ? very well , thanks - goodbye . ) well , * thatts fine . . carter ( ) what 's up ? SPARKS the weather bureau revort a new low form out on the ocean . it 's go to bring that storm from the north right over here , carter when do they expect it ? SPARKS we might get the first of it tonight , ( S carter how big ? . of : SPARKS . I do not know . I will get more dope later . ( he exit right ) kid Fine time for dirty weather -- poor dutchy , carter ' well , there 's no use worry about that yet -- get out on the field and give Mike and pancho a hand with that new ship . 1 kid well , what good will that do , if the storm hit ? . . carter . . ( exite to door b ,g . ) tell they to stay with it all night . ( , > kid . some day I will get a straight answer from you and will not know what to do with it .. - 112 349 continued : carter '' oq . surel as gent start to enter through door gent hey , geoff - geoff -= . int , dine room 350 long shot . , : bat and man seat at table -. Carter enter follow by gent = back cf dutchman f.g . carter wrat ? gent . welt a minute - they be load member eight with nitro-glycerin . carter . {as he sit at table ) I know = you be take it to the etl field on you way out . hey , ( . : '. belay , anything you have get . ( '' gent est , say <= . dutchman . geoff , we be not suppose to fly that scuff with the mail . — carter I know we be not , . of gent f-sre 's nothing in my contract that say that . i'il fly nitro-glycerin . carter tou be get a buck - and - a- half a mile for do it . - 351 mo . long s=ot gent by Bas and Carter seat at table - back of dutchman f.g. ° . gent not mee - carter what ? , CD v4 as ico 351 continued : 115 gent say , listen , geoff - I see a guy blow a tire once . I be way down the other ond of the field and it break a bottle in my hip pocket . carter where 's you map ? : gent I do not like that stuff , geoff , carter who do ? . '' gent : just can not . help it . you know I , I do anything else ~-- , carter ( hand map to bat ) I know . here you be , macpherson = once you get through the pass , the oil field be about 200 mile north . give I a match , dutchy . bat rise , take coat - turn to garter and exit through door bebe bat you be not kid I the other day , be you ? carter dutchy , figure out gent 's time , gent what ? dutchman what do you say ? , carter you be through , gent. : ' gent . what 's the matter with you ? dutchman wait @ minute , geoff = you can not blame that boy . 114 351 continued ( 2 ) : '' o carter | NY : I be not blame he . ut he 's fire , that 's all , sorry , gent . dutchman geoff , I do not like that <- carter 's . D : dutehy , dutchy , you would better clear : the field before macpherson take off - nitro , you know , duichman - my goodness , yes. ( ad lib ) 352 long shot dutehy and Carter seat at table ~ gent stand back , dutchy rise ami exit through door leave bog . ' dutchman ' I do not think of that at all . see . carter hey , baldy - hurry it up . ( sceye seme ) % , vous - h } bus a man , ole , exp . porch 354 long shot Carter and group watoh plane take off man . whew = none of that for I . 385 ( scene missing = plane in AIR with nitro ) 's int . radio room 356 long shot . ( Carter seat at desk '' spark exit through door as Judy enter . SPARKS watch it for I , will you , geoff ? 356 ( o > ' 6 357 2115 continued : carter sure . hello , Judy ? judy geoff , itd like to talk to yous carter why , what 's on you mind ? . 2 judy geoff , I just hear that he be carry nitro-glycerine , . Carter rise and walk right as Judy follow to second desk - camera panning - carter do not worry , Judy - he 's pretty good , you imow , . judy yes , I kmow - but it 's very danger ous , carter not as long as you be in th air , 's it be not , close shot judy - pack of Carter right f. ae carter now , why do not you run along and let bat do the worry . judy : how can you be like that with I ? why do he always get thing like this to do ? , carter oh , Judy ! . ' : ' judy : oh , please , geoff - I tell you I waa happy - but I lie to you , hin ? do not people want to work with m? os '' / 358° 359 360 361 116 close shot carter back of Judy fig judy . what 's he do that make people act the way they do ? carter why ask I ? judy well , you be the only one I can ask . close shot judy back of Carter right f.g. judy it be the same at the last place . everything be all right - end then he meet someone that he know , oh , what make they act that way ? you would think he be a leper , or something . mo . close shot carter back of Judy f.g. y } judy oh , please , geoff , I have get to know . can not you see what -- tex ! voice Calling barranca , . mo . long shot . Carter enter to desk and take speaker , : tex ' voice Calling barranca -- carter go ahead , tex . he sit at desk as Judy enter . tex ! voice wind come up - do not look so good - come in pretty fast . . : carter m yeah . have you see macpherson yet ? tex ! voice he go by here a coupla minute ago . 361 362 363 continued : 117 carter yeah - all right . Calling mace pherson . you would better run along , Judy . judy no , geoff + I be stay . carter call macpherson = call mace pherson = bat' voice macpherson speak = go ahead . carter . how 's you wanather = good or bad ? ( scene missing ) mo . long shop Judy by Carter , seat . bat' voice ' look like ' there 's a chance to . get thru. , ' carter I do not ask you that -- be it good or bad ? bat' voice it 's bad . . carter all right - tuw 'o around and cane back . : bat' voice turn . : carter and listen , when you get in the clear , dump that nitro . bat' voice I can get this stuff down all right . 11 363 cqntinued : carter ( o you hear I - I ssid dump it . and watoh yourself while you be do it . I be worry sbout that mail you be carry . - bat' voice a - oka ye ~ : tex ! voice say , geoff - . carter what ? tex ! voice there 's a flock of dig bird settle in the pass = look like condor to I = why not have nim drop that soup on they ? . , carte not a bad idea at shat , do you hear he , macpherson , bat' voice ( sé : yeah , : ( S carter all right + tex will line you up on they . and , tex «+ tex ! voice yeah ? carter why do not you recert that bird before ? tex ' voice they just come in , poppa . carter '' i all right , . oe 364 mo . lorg shot . Carter rise and turr to Judy , feeling better , juay ? CO : tut . thanks , geoff . New , tell I what he 's do . ( 2 new page = 119 Feb , 23 , 1939 364 oontinued : . i . carter * no = you will have to ask he , judy do you think that will be easy . to do ? : - Judy exit leave f.g. as Carter start back . 365 ( scene missing ) ( bat dump nitro , ) ' ext . build _ 566 long shot kid walk right to radio room back , as camera pan , wind be blow - he hang onto hat , int . room 367 mo . long shot kid enter through door as Carter walk leave to desk with papor and sit - spark enter and exit right . . kid . . hey , what 's he dump the nitro for ? carter __ ( grab at kid 's coin ) well , I have to tur he back , the pass be close in tight -- - kid who say the pass . be close in tight ? : carter he do . mopherson -- , kid huh ! carter do not you believe it ? '' - '' kid ° . . _ do you ? carter . yes. . . - kid when he land shall we load he up with that stuff again ? 120 s67 continued : 368 '' 389 : 370 al e : 371 co garter I do not like to disappoint you , but the mail be the most important thing he 's carry . kid do you want this ? kid throw up coin as Carter reach for it and miss . kid turn end exit through door bige ( scene missing ) ( bat landing plene on field ) . long shot bat walk right as camera pan to radio room . back , | as Carter enter to porch from door , . mo . long shot . . bat and Carter . Carter put on coat , bat oh , too bad I could not get through . I ' leave the mail in the ship . . carter well , stand by . you be take it up again as soon as tex clear you . bat all right . bat exit right f.g. carter fey , mepherson < = . bat' voice yeah ? carter why do not you tell you wife what 's the matter with you ? mo . shot bat . _ bat there 's something I would like to ask you . do - do you know judith before wa be marry ? ( ) revised page 121 March 22 , 1939 . on porch . carter yese 373 ned . shot bat bat I have a hunch you do . what do you think she would do if I tell she ? 374 mo . shot carter on porche carter I never try to guess what a woman will do , ned . shot bat he turn and start bef . : - bat then why should I ? to 2 or 375 mo . shot carter on porch , ee exit leave , int . bar room 376-8 mo . long shot _ Carter enter through door . 576-3 long shot judy vehind bar , judy hello , 376-c mo . loug shot carter at door - start to exit leave . carter what be you do here -- . 375-d long shot . Carter enter to Judy behind bar . . ae judy lock for a corkscrew . add 121 - a 78-d continued : carter do not you think you would better get some sleep ? o judy seem like a excellent suggestion= look what I win on the punchboard , welll make a night - cap of ite as goon as I can find a corkscrew , oops= lock the door , Judy 's lose she equilibrium , qo 375-e mo . close shot carter and judy carter Judy 's apt to lose something else if you put that stuff on top of it . judy I do not care , I be get use to lose thing , : carter do you ask he ? cs | uh huh -- I carter be that what you be celebrate ? judy uh huh = he would not tell I =~ say it have nothing to do with we . so ‘it seem that be that . 37&-f close shot carter pack of Judy leave f.ge judy it 's all over , '' ) , carter and yout be go to let he go it alone -- judy uh huh . carter do you ' ever hear the word trust ? add page 121-3 37s-g close shot judy | 37898 276 cs pack of Carter fee judy I do once , but I forget it . carter I do not blame he for not tell you . maybe he want to find out what he would get . you be no good , Judy - you never be . here , give I that - you be go to cut yourself , I always win - dere if I be right when we break upe I will not worry about it any more . judy what have I do ? mo . shot judy and carter vehind bar . — carter oh , you do not know what I be talk about , do you ? you have get something to listen to , and I be go to make sure you hear every word of it . Carter take Judy 's head and pour water over she from pitcher dissowe to : I mo , shot carter and judy behind bar = he be rub she head with a towel , carter what would you care what he do , come here , why d' you have to know all about he ? here , wipe you eye , if it 's so bed he can not tell you , _ how d' you think he feel ? why do not you think of he side of it ? no , you be just like all of they ~ you do not know what it mean to stick , here , blow you nose , you be all right . Carter pick up hat and coat and exit right -- tor ( '' ) efsf dole suor Carter go upstairs to door back 'w add page 121-c ( C ) 377 long shot ~~ garter enter through door , close it , show storm out - side - ( sound of plane ) . Carter remove coat and walk . right to shower , start to enter as camera pan to mo . long shot . bonnie' voice ~*~ hey , no - do not come in = do not ws come in ! carter . ( back leave as camera pan ) what be you dodag*here ? bonnie' voice I be take a bath . carter I know that . well , you have get a nerve bonnie' voice well , you can not take a bath in a washbasin , you know . ( '' 377 continued : 378 379 o carter why pick on my room ? bonnie' voice it 's the only clean one I could find , I '11 be out in a minute . carter all right - hurry it up , will you ? bonnie' voice . I be hurry . '' gamera pan to long shot as Carter walk to stove leave . carter what 's all this ? bonnie' voice what 's what ? carter all this cooking . mo . long shot bonnie enter from shower with robe on - walk leave as camera pan to stove . ' Carter take pot , burn hand . she take he hand , turn back to camera . . bonnie why , that 's coffee . do not touch it - it 's hot . you will burn your . self , carter it 's boil . wait a minute -- ouch ] bonnie oh , I tell you so -- let I see , . long shot bonnie and carter as he back away from she . she turn to table , take knife with butter , : . carter oh - cut it out ..( ad lib ) bownie oh , that 4s a burn . I 'l ] put some butter on it , . . carter I do not want any butter on it , bonnie it will make it feel better . o ( CO ( '' oo oo continued : she walk Carter by 123 carter I do not want any butter on it . bownie well , my grandmother always use butter -- carter I do not care what you grandmother == ( point ) look , it 's still boil . leave as canera pan to stove , take pot , return to table to mo . long shot - they turn to side angle , carter what 's all this about ? bonnie ( rub hand ) oh , I think I would like to have a nice cup of coffee -- it 's so cold and rainy outside , and so nice and warm and cozy in here . do not you want one , too ? carter hmmm - no , I do not , and stop mak= ing a lunchstand out of my place . now , take this thing out -- : ( pick up pot , burn himself ) bonnie do not ! — — — ~( laugh ) I think you never do that ? carter do what ? bonnie get burn twice in the same place . they laugh , then turn and look b.g , . judy' voice - oh , geoff - geoff ! carter ( start b.g . ) come ' in , ice mo . shot C . it ac Judy enter , 386 at door = ( , judy o . geelrr , I have «- she stop as she look right , then start through door as he stop she . . judy I will go < = oh , I be sorry . carter no , wait a minute - it 's all right . 381 mo , close set bonnie bonnie , mayce I would better go . judy no , please do not , bonnie ( laugh ) I really do not intend to , ( c382 wap . saor Carter and Judy by door , . judy yo do not understand ? I just wane tea to thank geoff for something - nerel no reason for you not to hear , you be right , geoff - I be no good , 383 close shot jtdy back of Carter right f.g. judy I be only think of myself - ne about he . I be glad you do not teil I what he 's do . I do not evs ? want to know . o 384 close shot carter back of jucy leave f.g. : g udy I ‘ust want another chance , carter woy do not you tell he that ? 56 to o37 o58 o o59 CO mo . shot judy & carter - side angle . judy I will , when will he be back ? carter in two or three hour , judy that 's a long time , carter well , if it 's too long + tell ~ spark I say you could talk to he on the radio , judy thanks , . Carter button up she coat , open door as she exit ) he face camera .. : long shot bonnie & carter be walk to f.g. bonnie well , I know you run almost every = thing around here = but I do not know you run a matrimonial agency on the side . just go to show you how wrong you can be , vsd . shot bonnis by dresser , bonnie where do you keep that picture ? mo . shot carter carter what picture ? long shot bonnie & carter : bonnie that picture of you when you be a baby ? they walk to f.g. . vee ete carter vetre right back where we start , be not we , bonnie ? 389 continued : bonnie oh , that be a million year ago . I know you a lot better now . carter what 's wrong with you foot ? bonnie oh , I slip on the porch , carter you little chump , do not go walk around on it . sprain -- bonnie wen , nothing 's the matter with it . carter ( pick she up ) let I put you down somewhere , bonnie it 's not sprain . I just lose the heel off my slipper , that 's all , ( es 390 close shot carter hold bonnie in he arm , carter well , why do not you say so ? bonnie do not I have the darndest luck = lose one heel right after another . carter you be a queer duck , bonnie . bonnie so be you , they embrace as he let she down - side angle . - bonnie geoff - you do not have to be afraid of I any more , I be not try to tie you down . I do not want to plan . I do not want to look ahead . ° I do not want you to change anything . I love you , geoff , there 's hothing I can do about it - I just love you , that 's all , I feel the same way about you the kid do == anything you do be . all right with I , 392 7 - carter the gid ? bonnie . yes , he do not ask you for any= thing - or get in you way - or bother you , do he ? . so . carter he drive I nut , they embrace . . kide voice hey , geoff -- mo . long shot kid enter through door , , kd geoff - = . oh , I be -- carter' voice ° come in . kid sorry . mo . shot bonnie & carter with back to camera , they walk b.g. to kid by table , side angle , - bonnie oh , cane in - we might as well be in the Grand Central Station . you lmow , I could have make a fortme tonight with a hotedog stand right here , kid I be sorry , bonnie , ths boy - be ready to test that motor , carter oh , all right . . ( turn and exit leave ) , bonnie will you have yours with mustard - or without it - or oerhap you would vather have all mustard and no hotedog --+ . Carter enter beg. with coat and hat on . turn 128 392 continued : oe : kid . CO oh , this have get to be do , bonnie . versus kid turn and start to exit as Carter hand bonnie box . carter . here you be , bonnie . see if you can find it = it 's somewhere there PD ) " in that box , . bonnie | what ? carter ( put on ' rain coat ) ooo . that picture we be talk about . and keep the coffee warm , will you ? kid I do not know =-- I -= ( ad lib ) kid and Carter turn and exit through door b.g. ( sound of plane ) 393 ( scene missing ) . ' ht . radio room ~ day 304 mo , long shot : oo . Carter enter through door with cup of coffee , walk right as camera '' pan to bonnie seat on edge of desk by spark seat , carter hey , spark - spark ? ( reach hand out to bonnie ) . Heard anything about the north - bound boat ? SPARKS what ? D : carter . Heard anything about the north - bound boat ? SPARKS ( remove ; head set ) not much - the transmission be bad . too much static . it 's go to be ( . late , though , it run square into ~— the storm , ' . ' carter ~ all right . , ee eee oe ae - _ ~ . ) 395 continued : Carter turn and walk leave as kid enter through door - camera panning . bonnie reach into he pocket from desk right . kid well , that motor be ready ~ : turn 1800 same as the other , too , ' carter ( push bonnie 's hand away ) yeah . . kid she will be ready to fly this after - noon , : carter . ( start to exit leave ) good ! mo . shot kid Carter exit leave f.g. kid walk leave to Carter at desk as camera pan , put hat on desk = Carter buttone coat up . kid sure , it 's good , but if I may ask again = what good be it go to do you in this kind of stuff now - that she be ready to fly . carter well , even if the pass be close in - she 's still get a chance , , kid | chance for what ? _ . carter ( put on hat ) take that mail right over the top . kid over the whole thing ? carter ( take down overcoat ) yes . she ought to get high enough . kid uh-huh , . - carter we will see . . 396 closeup kid . light cigarette . 4 kid : CO you be go to try it , erentt you ? 397 mo . shot kid & carter side angle . Carter take kid 's cigarette and exit right . in carter V yes , if the boat get in with the mail . } — 398 long shot bonnie seat on edge of desk by spark seat - Carter walk to door b.g. and exit as kid enter to spark . kid hey , spark -- SPARKS yes «- . kid what chance be there of that boat come in tonight ? ( 6 SPARKS I figure she will be at least six hour late , . bonnie kid -- 339 mo . close shot kid & bonnie : bonnie do you think that . -~ kid . ever pray , bonnie ? just pray that that boat do not get in until this storm 1s over , oo kid turn end exit through door b.g. ext . dock : . 400 - long shot boat 's come in + blow whistle , etc , . oe ~ 131 €01 long shot - Carter seat at desk - spark by mike - as camera pan SPARKS Boat be in , geoff . carter . ( pick up mike ) thanks , spark , I hear it . Calle ing lookout - call lookout . spark exit close door . tex ! voice go ahead , geoff . carter standby , tex , the boat be in . num - ber four be take off as soon as the mail get up here . tex ' voice . pop , you can not get through this stuff , carter ( sit on edge of desk ) - I do not expect to , tex . gonna try '' to go over the top . tex ' voice that do not sound so good to I , say , geoff -- carter what ? tex ! voice I almost forget -=- I need another generator belt . — carter what happen ? . tex ! voice napoleon eat a piece out of the spare . carter what 's he do in there ? ° tex ! voice have to. bring he in to keep he . _ _ from blow away . kid enter to Carter , remove hat . 401 continued : it. radio room 402 mo . lons carter well , better rig up something . tex ' voice with what ? carter - do not ask I -- take a piece out of napoleon 's hide , tex ! voice okay - I will find somthing . carter all set ? kid all ready , geoff . can not do any more , besides , I take out all the seat and stripped she clean . carter Fine . kid get out almost 400 pound . that !s more than twice what I weigh , carter that 's about all you can do . kid ( put on hat ) now , look here , geoff -- carter ( walk out to leave ) I hear you the first time . . kid ( follow Carter ) but geoff -- carter - . you be not go , kid , forget it ! shot kid why not ? carter forget it . cs m '' oo n continued : kid x'1l toss you a coin for it . read I go . he fip coin as Carter hit it and knock it on the floor as bota seramcle for it . ( 4d lib ) mo . close shot kic and Carter rise into scene center of room . Carter have coin in right hand - hold kid with leave - kid try to get coin . dad oo a carter ( examine coin ) what be you so anxious about this ching ? whatedo you think of that - head on both side } kid be it really ? no kid ? carter it be . no wonder I have be buy you drink all yoar . kid : geoff , I want to go with you , please . carter oxay , if you feel that way about . kid {takes coin from Carter ) gimme , gimme .. carter you better put another bottle of oxygen in the ship -- . kid - I already do . dutchman be 404 mo . long shot . certer enter through door , walk leave as camera pan to charley and spare , then to group at bar , carter I will take a cup of that , Charlie . charlie . yes , sir , not oa »~ ao o carter hey , dutechy - who go down to meet the boat ? dutch ( turn to . Carter ) why ask I , Mr. Carter . what have I get to do with it -- carter . ( take cup from Charlie ) any sugar in it ? dutchman you be run this airline , be not you ? les macpherson 's go to pick up the mail , - garter good . utchman for you information , I want to ask you a question . do not you think you be crazy to try to fly in that kind of weather ? carter pancho , get the light ready out on the field . pancho exit right f.g. dutchman I have tell you so many time that what - ever = 0h , geoff , whatever you do , do not think you have to do it for I . mo . close shot bonnie . dutchman' voice I know what it mean , but I would rather be break . : mo . shot dutchman & carter : side angie - bonnie and other 0.g. dutchman I do not care whether we get the contract or not = you understand ? Carter nend cup to dutchman and exit right f.g. , as dutchman start to exit leave . . carter do not strain yourself , dutchy . dutchy oh , what 's the use ! 408 ( o 409 o Carter enter throus take out scarf as '' pox on gesk , lightn through window b.g. ° door - walk to desk to mo . long shot , rie enter through door - put lunch carter hello bonnie . what 's this ? bonnie oh , I have start . that lunch wagon we be talk about - be careful of the coffee - 1t be boil hot when I put it in there - so do not burn yourself again . carter thanks , I will not . bonnie have a nice trip , geoff , see you next week = two o'clock , . carter where you ' goin ' ? bonnie turn and exit right f.g. as Carter put on watch . mo . long shot bonnie enter to radio desk - pick up coat . bonnie over to the room . mo , dong shot Carter by desk . carter what for ? bonnie' voice ch , my boat be in ~ and I have get to finish pack . carter | on , yeah . Carter walk right as camera pan to bonnie put on coat . carte . aw o- be not that the outfit you come ashore in ? . - bonnie how do you remember that ? 459 ( @ — 410 ( S 412 cty qo , 156 carter oh .-- get a match ? bonnie say , do not vou think it 's about time you start carry some ? she light he cigarette then turn right as lightning show through window beg . clcse shot bonnie oh , I be sorry , geoff -- I be sorry to be so silly , . I want to do this just the way you =~ bonnie pack of Carter leave f.g. mo , shot embrace . bonnie I be all right up till the time you ask for that match , be not 1 ? carter you sure be , say bonnie - be you sorry about anything ? . bonnie be you ? carter no. bonnie I be not . : carter ( kissing she ) so long , Zonnie , . carter and bonnte , . bonnie oh , geoff , I can not let you go . . carter now look , gear , this have get to stop . a bonnie no ! no , I can not . eonnie take gun from Carter 's belt and step back pull it . 412 ( as 41 é 7 416 o onnie iwo not let yon ae - you be not <= go to go , geoff -- you be go to stay right here . I will not let you kill yourself , mo . shot carter back of bonnie right f.g. carter ' so you be go to do it to keep I from do it . well , bonnie '' you be just like all the rest , he turn and walk to door beGe mo , shot bonnie - with gun . she start the cry , throw gun on table as it go off , bonnie no ! no , I be not -~ mo . shot carter by wall , 4s hit by bullet . carter well , that 's fine . . sz0t bonnie she run leave and exit , bonnie geoff ? . mo . close shot carter bonnie enter , carter go away - bonnie - go away . bonnie oh , darling - darling . I do not mean to . . carter I mow you do not , it be my own fault . I should have know better , a 418 ( S '' ccntinued : door open as they gather around Carter , dolly back to ned , long shot . rk enter , follow by other xamine wound as camera bes. as Les and '' les what go on ? bonnie he 's shot . les . shot ? where 's the first aid ? SPARKS over there in the corner =~ do this hurt , geoff ? mo . long shot . door open as kid enter from rain - he exit leave f.g. mo . close shot group by carter kid enter Les enter and examine wound . kid . do you send for the doctor ? SPARKS not yet . ° kid : yell , get he right away . who do it ? . bonnie I do . kid you ? how do it happen ? with first aid kit , bonnie ( they start to doctor Carter ) I do not want he to go . kid well , he 's not likely to now , charley . gee - that sure look bad , kid come on - what be this ? a side show ? clear out of here - go on . cs o 429 bonnie and spark . 139 Don 's get excited , granpa - baldy get meat drink , will you ? kid bonnie , put some water on the stove , baldy exit - other exit but kid , Carter and kid hold that , will you , spark ? well , it do not come through - it 's still in there . Les and baldy enter ~ he hand drink to Carter . macpherson close shot srark doge baldy here you be , geoff . carter thanks , well , what do you say , kid ? kid it 's all right , but you be not go to do much fly with it . enter be& . carter you be crazy . kid be I - try to move it . you can join the rest of we cripple . les ( start to exit right ) pretty soon there will be none of we leave . , , carter that 's perfect , carter and kid k you do not think I can fly dlone , do you ? . carter you be not good enough alone , kid . | 420 ccs ned . bat b.g. - Carter take drink - kid turn back to camera -- shot 140 kid , carter , lightning enter through window beg . kid I 'ma lot better than anyone you have get leave around here . bat . ( walk to Carter ) how be you go to get through that stuff ? 's carter over the top with the new tri-motor . . bat will she go that high ? carter I do not know , kid I will see that you find out . carter the kid waa go with I , kid you think I might get lose , do not you ? / carter you do not have to go , macpherson = it 's not ' that kind of job . bat that 's fair enough -- there 's the mail , I will see you out on the field in five minute , . bat turn and walk to door back as camera pan and exit through door as lightring appear - Les f.g. look 0.8 . kid tril have wait for you . CO 141 '' = bat and xid run beg . towards plane . camera '@ from porch . 422 long shot ~ plan bat and kid enter to plane around front as camera pan . long shot - shoot from cockpit into cabin door of plane be open by mechanic , kid and bat enter ~ remove wet coat . 1 nd a kid there 's a parachute , if you want it . bat exit leave ~ follow by kid. ing . plane 424 mo . . shot attendant in plane rise and exit as bat and kid enter an@ sit at control . stendant she 's okay . xid all clear , ex . field 425 long down shot ~ plane on field in rain . '' plane 426 mo . shot j kid and bat seat ~ kid take earphone 4s plane start to take off , ext . pield 427 long shot - plane teking of for leave . 428 long down shot = , plane take off , travel towards camera . 429 mo . long shot - plane taxing off leave in rain . lett . ( o '' long shot - plan ing off - kid and bat seat inside . 32 long shot . plane leave ground and start over tree , etc. in b.g. doesor and group by Carter - back of bonnie in f.g. doctor seria mejor ilevarlo al hospital -~ prefiero hacerie una radiografia ante de extraerle la bala = SPARKS Si - he say he would rather take that '' at the hospital . carter no , tell he to probe for it right ( & here . ~ SPARKS El dice -- kid be voice Calling barranca - Calling barranca =~ as and walk right to radio and sit , camera th rim . . kid be voice ( cale barranca = 's SPARKS go ahead , kid . mo . seot bat and kid seat . : as Radio check - one , two ~ three - four = cu ) o a will roo + long shot spark seat at set with back to camera , side angle . whe oo oo SPARKS wait a minute , kid - wait a minute = you be cover - try it again -= . '' shot bat and xid seat - kid with radio set . kid one , two , three , four , five - six . up we badio room 457 iD. long shot spark seat at radio set , side angle . SPARKS there , that 's better , but there 's a lot of hash , kid ; you may have to ree peat everything . kide voice okay . plane mo . shot bat and kid seat . sg down shot - plane fly up as camera pan with it leave over mountain . dissolve to : 449 long shot - plane in sky climb . . dissolve to : ( o o ( '' U £42 mo . shot seat , eid barranca '' Calling barranca . 500 = 3500 = still on instru - still on instrument -~ '' sky 445 long shot = in sky , clin dissolve to : 446 mo . long sect - plane fly leave tnrough fog . 445 mo . shot - plane bat and kid seat inside , rain on windshield . 446 long shot - plane fly leave . BA ? seat , xic zex radic - end cigarette , xd mge barranca - Calling barranca . 8000 = on top first layer «= p first layer - he light cizarette , . szy ax ce ss zhz . plan '' shot and bat seat - kid take . radio . kd Calling barrenca - Calling barranca ~ 14,000 - 14,000 - pick up a little ice ~ vwetre to climb three twenty = we be to climb three twenty - : hang up soeaker and get out oxygen tube ; hand one to bat . as they put they in mouth -- long shot - plane in sky fly leave through cloud and fog , as camera pan . 451 ed . shot ~ bat and kid seat . bat point to control as kid try they . . bat hey << kid take radio . kid Calling barranca ~ Calling barranca = 15,600 - 15,600 = near ceiling = near ceiling ... okay , papa - I never see one of this thing yet that could sail through the side of a mountain . nid hang up radio , as <= exd . sky 452 shot - plane 453 isd . long shot hid end bat seat . plane start dow . kid eere she go < = ( o 146 mo . shot - kid and bat seat in plane . they hang on as plane be go dow , bat what have we get under we . kid you be safe till six thousand . bat I will wait till the air get heavier . tature shot = plane ing down . 455 + plan 456 sed . long shot bat and xid , seat side angle , take tube from mouth as plene straighten up . kid take radio . bat want to try it again ? kid ( take radio ) no use = she 's not good enough for more than a thousand foot -= Calling barranca = call barranca . rade CO room 457 Love sh svark seat at radio with back to camera . geoff enter , follow vy doctor . geoff take speaker . kid be voice ' Calling barranca = < SPARKS go ahead , kid . kid say , spark , tell geoff we could not make it . get almost 16,000 and the pottom fall out . : geoff all right , tell he to come on back . kid '' Heard you , geoff - not come back = go through the pass . 459 457 ccndinued : msd . shot 147 . '' geoff . De not be foolish , kid , tex asy it 's close in tight . kid be voice : itve be fly she blind for two month == will not hurt to do it once morée geoff - all right - now listen , kid = turn around and come back . that be orcer = do you hear ? kide voice no dice , geoff - kid and bat seat , kid hang up radio . ext. radio room kid sign off , ed . long seot - geoff , doctor and SPARKS geoff sit as Doctor work on he - opposite spark seat at speaker . geoff tell tex to watch for they . SPARKS Calling lookout == tex's voice go ahead , spark . SPARKS dex , watch for number 4 = they be go to try the pass -~ . tex's voice chey can not make it . it 's close in thicker than glue . 148 - be lane mo . shot bat and kid seat . kid remove ear phone . kid it 's all clear now -=- get into one of that chute and jump . bat be there any reason I can not go too ? kid you do not have to . bat which way be the pass from here ? kid ten degree north and three thousand upe : = , sxy 461 long shot flane in sky travel leave through rain and fog . as camera pan -- plane bed . @ ( side angle ) _ kid anc bat seat . £63 long shot plan in sky travel leave through cloud , etc. as camera pan . @ ( side angle ) 464 xx kid and bat seat . xid motion to bat , kid to the leave . . exd . sxy 485 long shot plane . in sxy travel leave as camera - pak through fog . . 149 436 ned . shot ( side angle ) kid and bat seat , 487 . long seot plane pass over mountain top - pass behind peak leave as amera pan . = radio room 4638 mo . long shot os Doctor by Carter and spark seat at table . tex's voice Calling barranca -- SPARKS go ahead , tex . tex's voice they just go by here throttle down and feel they way . I try to talk to they but they would not answer , : carter keep try . tex be voice ' okay . 489 long sect plane travelling left as biré fly up into path . int . plane 470 . mo . shot kid and bat seat - bird fall through windshisid , hit kid as bat lay he down . ~ 471 long sho ? plane in sxy , travel towards camera as camera dolly with plane - fire appear on right engine . o 150 472 hed . shot . bat seat in plane at control . exe . plan . 473 ned . long shot Fire appear . ind . plane é74 ved . sho bat at control try to rouse kid . em. sky 475 long seot plane travel towards camera - engine on fire . 478 | long shot plane in extren b.g. , travel leave , start to turn right as camera pan plane mo . shot bat try to rouse xid , as fire eter through windshield , bat kid - kid - xid ! 478 ned . long shot plane on fire - bat seat in plane . 479 mo . shot bat av control try to rouse kid . bat kid - kid. 480 mo . close shot ' kid on seat - blood on forehead . bat' voice kida ! kid yeah , 151 €30 continued : ( oo bat' voice get out quick and jump '' kid something 's break - can not move = jump yourself . 48 . wed . shct bat seat at control . bat not this time - we will get down , 482 mo . close shot kid on seat . kid oh , you fool - go on jump ! 485 mo . shot bat seat at control - fire enter thmy windshield . plane on fire travel through pass towards camera - exit right fvg . radio room yed . long shot . Doctor oy Carter and spark seat at radio - they rise , ' tex ' voice geoff - geoff - number four be on fire ~ leave outboard and nose motor == they be head back to you and I @ontt think they can make it -- they all rise and start to exit through door beg . carter get go - plug in that outside . set . give I a coat , somebody . ( \o to poon '' ah a of loig shot Carter and group run to f.g. , other exit as they turn on light . ch 486 487 488 489 491 494 De -o of continuzd : . carter kid -- ¥ed . hot Carter with set - other by . carter kid -- call no. four - call no. four. ° man look -=- there the be . long shot plane afire in air - travel right . . shot carter and group vith sete les ( ' they will never get she down , geoff . carter hey , kid - kid - no. four - jump - bail out < = long shot plane afire in sky , come down , exite — nighin long shot plane on field - travel right as camera pan - long shot plane on field , crash - on fire . owosttl long shot gan=er and group all exit leave f.g. long shot plane afire . ae and group run in , start around plane . oye ? mo , long shot Men enter to plane afire , j\ arter yelve eok fa pot gek oie es 4 loz 155 i '' '' eee long shot cee brett o4 eee be try to eet ic up as cartes 's enter timeadewsaclonof 'i reall through doomrethensturn : to help Bet with kid as other tare whe oak ~ ichntngrasthis~madl . sate of look out - he 's hurt pretty bad . fire right . a exe Watt let I have he . take he there , . poy -~ look out , he 's hurt pretty baa ude k wed sa pomtomexdtawith ~ ba the ‘ney exit with hed as man enter and of + < ad - lib sonsocng — bet — g - et '' out —of - nsbom , '' a shof plane . on , ~ sora afipe . '' Men kith 's bat ard Kia -sdart to oxth right . b uG seot ne on it , and start to : wwe enter to stretcher and place kid exit - plane afire beg . dissolve to : 500 omitted int , room 502 ned . long shot Doctor be work on kid on bed - Carter seat by - other dese : : kid okay , Doc - that 's fine - that 's fine - cut it out -- come on , mo . shot carser and Doctor by kid on cot . kid , - geoff , tell this guy to quit fuss - ing with I , will you ? I be all right . carter leave he alone , Doc = go on . . kid cigarette , pop. carter ( hold cigarette for kida ) sure - here you be . kid how 's the other guy ? carter hand burn - one side of he face . kid he 's all right , geoff - he could have jump but he do not - just sit there and take it like it be a ice cream soda . buy he a drink for I , will you ? carter sure , I will . kid . if it have not be for that bird , we would have make it . close shot carter . '' 7 garter . : sure , you would . 504 on q oI kide votce might design a windshidld at a angle tren they would bounce off . carter not a bad idea . . kide voice . make you a present of it , poppa . close shot kid on bed . kid when i’ get on my foot we will work it out , or will we ? close shot carter . carter you necx 's break , kid . close shot kid on bed . kid funny - no wonder why I could not feel anych . ' well - guess this be it , huh ? close shot carter close shot kid on cov , kid geoff -- mo . seot carter by kid on cot . carter what ? lot kid get that bunch out of here , quick . loo 510 512 513 514 515 156 long shot group by Carter and kid - Carter turn to they as they exit b.g. , then turn back to kid . carter hurry up - and you , too , Doc , use both you foot . close shot carter by kid on cot . carter what be it , kid ? you can tell I . kid , I do not want they to see I . I be not afraid , geoff -- I do not want tem to see I = I be not scared , geoff -- carter sure - I know . close shot kid on cot . kid it 's like do something new - it 's just like my first solo - I do not want anybody watch I then , either . close shot carter kide voice I do not ' mow how good I will be at this . carter you want I to go , too ? close shot kid on cot . - kid ita hate to pull a boner in front of you , geoff . close shot carter . carter | sure - sure , fellow - I will go , CO 517 157 closs shot carter yy eid on cot = he rise up out of scene . carter so long , kid . kid so long , geoff . mo . long shot carter in doorway enter close door . . radic room 518 519 520 s21 mo . long shot sch seat on edge of desk - Carter enter through door and exit leave - he arm in sling . . carter hello , dutch . mo . close shot dutch , dutch ' be that all you have to say ? . wed . long shot carter ~ hang up hat and turn , take out cigarette . carter get a match ? hed . long shot dutch . . ee rise and walk leave as camera pan to Carter - hand he match . dutch you crazy geoff -- jf lose shot dutch pacyof Carter 's head for , g. , light cigarette . duich nobody could tell you snything - you know it all - well , you have have '' it you way ; now you have kill you test friend . - 525 ( o 52 '' 525 -f s&s 526 ( will i158 close shot carter dutch voice -- and it serve you right . close shot dutch . Carter in f.g. ~ side angle , smoke cigarette , . dutch I do not feel a bit sorry for you . it 's no skin off my nose = if you . ! can stand it , , I can . msd . shot dutch & carter | dutch walk b.g. carter hey , hey - you forget something . - Carter throw dutch match as dutch stop at door , turn and walk to Carter , dutch I be sorry , geoff , I blow up , I do not mean what I say = but you lmow how I be =~ you be not mad at I , geoff , be you ? carter not any more than usual . dutch {takes out envelope and . put on table ) well , here be the final pay - check -- the field be shut down -- we be lick , carter okay , dutchy -- dutch turn and walk to door b.g. and exit as Carter start right . . mo , long shot Carter enter and pick up speaker , , carter Calling lookout -- Calling lookout -~ . tex ! voice go ahead , geoff , . CC ( oe '' 159 garter : let I mow the minute it clear , tex . we be all set to go down here . tex ! voice what abcut the kid , geoff ? carter break he neck . he take off a few minute ago . x tex ! voice on ! Carter take off scarf , put down speaker , and exit leave . Carter walk to dcor leave as camera pan and start to exit . Men seat and stand at 'table -' Carter enter and walk as calzra pan to Les , bonnie , etc. at bar . . men deal I out -- {ad lib at card ) carter hello , Les . Las I take care of everything out on the field . . carter : thanks , fellow , give I a drink , will you , baldy . , les : youtd better make I another one , too , baldy . open as bat and Judy enter - bat 's hand be bandage , 526 continued : 527 lon ? shot ied . bar 528 lon shot lez 629 . lon ? shot Deer burn on face - they walk leave as camzra pan pass bonnie anc other to Carter at bar . bat : do you send for I , Carter ? ( o j ( 530 531 5352 160 mo . shot group at bar they turn to bat . : carter yes , the - the kid ask I to buy you a drink . mo . shot bat and judy . back of man leave f.g. - bat start leave , bat thanks , baldy , put it over on . the table , will you . les wait a minute -- mo . shot Les , Carter and group nat par . . les : why not have it with we ? - , carter '' sure , why not ? how about you , Judy . judy thenks . Carter turn to bar as pancho enter f.g. , put cigarette into bat 's mouth . carter come on , baldy - fill they up . - pancho cigarette , bat ? les how be the hand come ? bat not bad , carter ~ here you be , fella . . . les . oh , be careful ! get it ? carter ~ okay now -- can you make it , bat I be all right . c2 533 ns 534 535° 536 537 538 539 161 mo , long shot group Carter hand Judy glass . carter here you be , Judy . mo . shot bat and group judy thanks . : : carter all right , let 's go -- here 's how . - les here 's how . they all drink , dissolve to : closeup clock | mo . close shot . maciste with guitar play - sing napros marquita linda " . maciste - ( sing ) adios , marquita Linda - ya == long shot bonnie seat at piano - pancho and maciste seat f.g. = Les and group.stand around b.g. maciste ( sing ) I voy por que tu ya no I quere .. mo . long shot Carter at bar with drink . maciste's voice ( sing ing ) como yo the quere a ti. mo . shot bonnie seat at piano - back of pancho and maciste seat for . be - other bog . ad 5359 ( o 540 - 541 543 1s 2 continued : maciste ' ( sing ) adios , chaparrita -=- close shot maciste side angle - play and sing - other debe maciste ( sing ) . chula -- mo . long . shot Carter at bar with drink . * maciste's voice ( sing ) ya I voy para tierras muy jana y ya nunca -- spark enter through door back with hendkerchief in hand and walk to Carter at bar . mo , shot Carter and spark at bar with article in handkerchief , spread they out . SPARKS here 's everything I could find . carter help yourself , SPARKS no , I do not want any . Carter finger article , pick up lucky piece , carter not much to show for twenty - two year , Carter pick up handkerchief with article and start through door beg , . long shot bonnie seat at piano by group - she rise and walk leave f£.g - as camera pan . mo . sho ? SPARKS . at bar - start to exit right , 545 for o 546 163 long shot 5o : cnnie at stair with back to camera - spark enter as she turn and walk right to table - spark follow . bonnie pick up hat as canera pan to mo . long shot . bonnie ( whisper ) well , so long , spark . SPARKS ( whisper ing ) be you go , bonnie ? bonnie nobody ask I to stay . - SPARKS oh . eonnie can you imagine all the thing that have happen to I in the last few day and I have not get one picture to show for it . . SPARKS be not you go to say goodbye to he ? =d. close shot bonnie peek of spark leave f.g. - side angle . . SPARKS I think you ought to , bonnie + you do ? : SPARKS i.think he would want you to . bonnie you sure ? SPARKS he might not act like it , but I think he would , bonnie well , if you think I ought to < = ' SPARKS it think you should . ( oc G '' 847 mo , long shot bonnie & SPARKS she turn back to camera then turn ‘to spark , then turn and walk to door b.g. as camera follows - back of spark f.g . bonnie I do not mind do it if you say 80 . SPARKS I do say so . bonnie you do ? well , I guess I would better go ahead and do it , then , carter' room int . 548 549 551 552 mo . long shot Carter be seat at table with kid 's trinket - bonnie enter from decor to hin . bonnie hello , geoff , . carter hello , bonnie . bonnie I think I ought to -- well , spark say that - he think that before I go I would better -- gee , I do not imow what to say -- closet ? bonnie bonnie all I want to say ~ be -- he say that you would like it -- but I do not kmow , you never -- close shot carter ery . close shot bonnie geoff ! bornte mo . seot carter . seat - bonnie imeel down into scene beside he . CO _ 553 8 554 continued : bonnie geoff - oh , geoff , you be cry ! oh , please " aon " -- I will never be able to -=- carter * you will never be able to what , bonnie ? bonnie I will never be able to say ite- carter say what ? . bonnie iwas go to say goodbye . close shot bonnie & carter side angle . bonnie . geoff , do you want I to stay or ' do not you ? carter well , bonnie -- tex ! Calling barranca --— voice mo . long shot bonnie and Carter seat - - he rise and walk right as canera pan to radio speaker , pick it up , sit on edge of desk . bonnie tex ! voice ° Calling barrance -- whet 's the mat - ter down there -- call barranca -~ : carter go ahead , tex . tex ' voice say , geoff - the storm 's break up . carter ye ah ? tex ! voice the wind ! 's drop down to a whisper 1 enter to Carter . _165 166 554 continued : carter yeah = wait a minute .. 555 . long shot . . bonnie stand by Carter , seat on edge of desk . carter hey , spark - get he , will you , bonnie . how 's the pass ? bonnie walk to door back as spark enter , follow by Les and other . tex ! voice it 's clear up faster than a cat can lick up cream , bonnie spark . SPARKS what do you want ? carter wind up no. Seven = pass be clear . - SPARKS Mike , start no. seven. carter what do you say , tex ? tex ! voice the moon 's break through . . carter yeah ? hey , Les - come here . - tex ! voice here she come - she 's shine hard - er than seven hundred dollar . . 556 mo . long shot Les and bonnie by Carter , seat on edge of desk with mike . carter ~ . yeah ?.. ue tex ! voice . let ‘em come , poppa . . carter we be come . how about it ? cs ' s56 557 cond inded : Les you and I ? carter why not ?. . les that 's what I say in th first place = let 's get go . Carter rise and he and Les start leave as camera pan to . dutchy and group . ' les Charlie , get I my jacket . carter what do you say to that , dutchy ? : dutch well , what -- csater ( put on coat , etc ) the pass be clear . we just get time to make it . . dutchy who 's go to fly it ? carter I have ' get one good arm , have not 1 ? mo . shot bonnie les ' voice I have get another , dutch I do not know -- ( ad lib ) carter | dutchy , you contract 's as good as + in the bag . mo . long shot bonnie Carter and Les enter = he turn to bonnie and kiss she and start to exit as Les exit through door . ~ ' les . oe eee come on , geoff , 559 560 carter so long , bonnie . keep that coffee warm = I will be back for breakfast , bonnie - . I will not be here = I be go on the boat . carter yeah . Carter walk right f.g. to bonnie - mo . shot . bonnie nobody 's ask I to stay . carter they have not ? x bonnie no . you would not ask anybody to do anything , would you ? carter . that 's right , here , we will flip . a coin - tail you go , head you stay . it 's head - what about 1t ? mo . shot bonnie back of Carter leave f.g. bonnie iwo not stay that way . carter you will not ? '' : '' bonnie I be hard to get , geoff -- all you have to do be ask I , : mo . long shot bonnie and Carter - side angle . . carter - here 's a little souvenir for you , bonnie . I like that say good - bye . - Goodbye , bonnie , Carter pick up bonnie - kiss , she and exit leave as she examine coin then run leave and exit . : oy 169 '' 560 continued : ~ bonnie Son of a gun ! hey - hey -- exz . radio room porch '' 1 6610 mo . long shot . bonnie enter to rain from eave . i / . . bonnie } hey , geoff -- o. } 4 ext . geoff' plane 562 process shot geoff at control ~ Les seat next to he . they start to take off . Water on field . 563 long . shot plane in sky . i ; '