only GOD forgive written by nicolas winding refn second draft script with the support of the media programme of the european Union the SOUND of muay thai box ... the Art of eight limb ... thrust and move ... foot shuffle across the ring ... fade in : int . back room - night close on a pair of hand from various angle ... the sound of the fight grow louder . punch , kick , elbow ... the hand tense into fist . they be strong hand . fighter 's hand . zoom out to reveal Julian ( mid-thirty ) stare at he hand . even though he 's keep in shape , he have not fight for a long time . the SOUND of the box match get louder still as Julian continue stare at he hand - it 's almost as if he 's meditate . suddenly he breath in . behind he sit a young kid dress in thai box clothes - this be liang , barely sixteen . he look nervous , occasionally glance at Julian 's reflection through the huge mirror that hang on the far wall . Julian continue to stare at he hand and close they into a tight fist . CUT to : int . corridor - night the sound of the box match reach FEVER pitch as we track with Julian and liang make they way towards the ring . CUT to : int . thai boxing ring - night two Young thai boxer beat the crap out of each other . the crowd be wild with excitement , people place bet on which way the fight will turn . one of the thai boxer go down and money immediately start change hand ... the ring be clear and liang jump in as Julian push he way though the crowd , nodd at people as he pass . they know he here . again bet be place .... pick out a face in the crowd . billy . Julian 's older brother ( late thirty ) . Julian sit down next to billy who 's delighted to see he , throw he arm around he , pull he in close . billy ... I love violence ! billy offer Julian a hit from he bottle of mehkong whiskey . Julian refuse . he 's more interested in the fight . back to the ring where the fight have just start . liang be immediately on the rope . Julian watch , concerned . billy take a phone call but he can not hear . he nod to Julian and take it outside . back to the fight where liang pull a amazing move . turn the table . take the bigger man down with a series of jab , swing and backfist . as Julian applaud liang 's success , billy slink off out of the auditorium . liang win the fight with a knock out ... the crowd go wild with adulation ... Julian watch , transfix ... liang be light up by a beatific white light ... as he stand triumphant in the middle of the ring , the crowd start to gather round he ... Julian continue to stare at what 's take place before he ... ... which be almost like a religious ceremony ... the audience bow down before liang as he stare out into the light ... a look of calm wash over he face ... a sense of stillness and peace ... enlightenment through victory and violence ... CUT to : ext . bangkok street - night billy stalk the street of the city of vice . a man on a mission . CUT to : int . changing room - night liang be sit on a bench , he constantly - smile mother beside he , as Julian peel off fifty bhat note . we get the sense that Julian 's proud of he , that liang be something of a protege of he and that liang be incredibly pleased to have gain he approval . julian two fifty , three hundred ... liang take the money . Julian pull off two more note . a bonus . julian ( cont 'd ) you do well out there . you have get something , liang . potential , yeah ? liang nod . julian ( cont 'd ) do not spend it all in once place . CUT to : ext . back alley - night billy come down a back ally and knock on a door . after a moment the door open . the doorman recognise he and let he enter . CUT to : int . underground nightclub - night we track with billy as he make he way through the small subterranean nightclub . a thai man - know as the lizard - sit by a table with a few local gambling ... he spot billy and follow he with he eye as he continue to gamble . billy move across to a small private corner ... ... where he meet various man and woman , all smoking methamphetamine . billy join in but a argument quickly start up between he and another thai man . the music 's too loud to hear what they be argue about but it suddenly get out of control ... billy start viciously hit the thai man and quickly the room explode in a frenzy of violence . CUT to : int . back room - night a fan do what it can to cool Julian down as he count out money at he desk . sitting opposite he , foot on the table , be Gordon , Julian 's lieutenant and the close thing to a friend he 's get ... Julian 's phone ring . he interrupt he count . pick up and listen ... julian ( on the phone ) hold on , hold on . what do he say ? beat as Julian listen . he glance over at Gordon who look up , concerned . julian ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) no , tell he to stay there . tell they both to stay there . beat . julian ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) I be come over . CUT to : ext . back alley - night the lizard sit outside the nightclub , somehow manage to smoke a cigarette at the same time as he stem the flow of blood from he nose with a handkerchief . Julian and Gordon arrive . julian he still in there ? the lizard ... no . beat ... Julian glance at Gordon . julian you tell he I be come ... the lizard would not listen ... Julian stare at he ... julian well maybe you do not try hard enough . the lizard take the handkerchief away from he nose . show the bloodstain to Julian . julian ( cont 'd ) when be the last time you sleep ? the lizard smile but stare at Julian with hatred in he eye . the lizard just cause I be not sleep for three day , do not mean I do not know right from wrong ... and you brother have become a real problem ... again Julian stare at he - clenching he fist . the lizard notice this but gaze up into Julian 's face blankly . the lizard ( cont 'd ) you be not go to cause another ruckus in my club now - be you ? a long pause as Julian consider it . julian no . the lizard good - ' cause billy rip I off and then he break my face ... Julian turn to Gordon . gordon like I always say . one day he 's go to meet the devil . beat . julian you know where he be now ? the lizard stare at Julian . the lizard bangkok have million of people my friend . you and you brother , you be lose to my world ... the lizard get up - put out he cigarette and look at Julian ... the lizard ( cont 'd ) so what you go to do ? you wanna come in ? very good amphetamine in here ... Julian look over to Gordon . see he 's keen . julian you go . I be gonna look around . see if I can find he . gordon sure --? julian go on . he turn back to the lizard . julian ( cont 'd ) which way would he go ? the lizard nod he head towards the busy street . Julian turn and head off ... Gordon step up to the entrance to the club . the lizard stick out a arm , block he way . the lizard his brother do not pay . gordon so ? that 's he problem . the lizard now it 's you problem . gordon I be with you mate . billy 's fuck -- the lizard you do not pay he debt - you do not enter . Gordon think for beat . take out he money ... gordon how much ...? ... and the lizard smile for the first time . CUT to : int . ma long brothel - night Julian be talk to ma Long , fifty , the mother figure to a group of girl who stand in the background . julian you see billy ? ma long not this evening . a particularly pretty prostitute catch juilan 's eye . he stare at she , stone face . julian well if he come in , tell he I be look for he , yeah ? ma long he 's not come in . I tell he to stay away . he hurt one of my girl Julian . not good ... Julian consider . pull out he wad of note again . hand a few to ma Long . julian yeah , well ... if you see he , tell he I be look for he ... ma Long nod as she take the money . Julian be about to leave . he look at the pretty prostitute again . stare at she for a moment . then walk out . CUT to : ext . bangkok street - night billy 's so waste he 's bump into people . he start window shopping the various brothel that line the street : group of girl smile at he ... anything for a price ... pick out one particularly young - look girl . just fifteen . she make eye contact with billy ... he smile ... pull out a roll of note ... CUT to : ext . bangkok street - night Julian out in the middle of the road . Girls on the pavement , girl in the window . a steady line of punter cruise past . he stand alone . focuss . watchful . a island in a sea of neon . it feel ominous . like something really bad 's about to happen ... CUT to : only GOD forgive fade in : int . taxi - night close on chang , mid-forty , a man who look like he 's carve out of stone . the neon light bleed over he face in a seemingly unending flow as he 's drive towards he destination . CUT to : ext . seedy HOTEL - night Police car be park up outside . chang get out of he taxi . pay the driver . make he way inside . CUT to : int . seedy HOTEL - night chang make he way up the stair to a landing where a group of policemen be gather . they circle open up as chang approach and they bow as he join they - like he 's a God . one of the group , Kim han Ho , gesture towards the door of room 610 where two cop stand guard . chang give a nod and the door be open . CUT to : int . room 610 - night chang stand silhouett in the doorway . stepping into the room he move into the light in close up . his face be a mask . the bed be drench in blood . the fifteen year old prostitute lie naked on she back . she 's dead , she body have be savagely beat in some sort of brutal sex game go wrong . billy be slump in the corner in he underpant , he eye glaze , stare at MTV , a bottle of mehkong whiskey in he hand , a crack pipe on the floor . chang stare at he , give nothing away . CUT to : int . room 611 - night the Hotel owner serve tea to chang who sit in silence with Lieutenant Kim . the door be open and we can see into room 610 across the corridor where billy be still sit stare at the television . CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night a young cop , daeng , who have be watch chang , summon up courage to whisper to he superior officer , phaiban . daeng ( in thai ) who be that guy ? phaiban say nothing . daeng ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) be he a cop ? phaiban ( in thai ) he be ... before daeng can ask another question , two more cop lead a older thai man , choi yan Lee ( 50' , overweight , drag straight from he bed ) down the corridor towards the crime scene . CUT to : int . room 611 - night as choi yan Lee be deliver to the doorway , chang get up and go over to he . a moment of uncertainty in choi yan Lee 's face . fear . he do not know why he 's be bring here . he look for some comfort from chang . chang give he nothing . CUT to : int . room 610 - night chang lead choi yan Lee to the doorway . slowly choi yan Lee realise what he 's look at . his daughter . dead. mutilated . every father 's worst nightmare . chang ( in thai ) be this you daughter ? beat . choi yan lee ( in thai ) yes . chang ( in thai ) how could you ? ... but choi yan Lee just stare at he daughter . finally : choi yan lee ( in thai ) ... what ? chang ( in thai ) how could you let this happen ? choi yan lee ( in thai ) I do not do anything . chang ( in thai ) well now 's you chance . a long moment between they as choi yan Lee fail to understand what chang be suggest . chang stand back . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) do what thou will . choi yan Lee nod . chang leave the room , close the door behind he . CUT to : int . room 611 - night chang sit drink tea in silence with Lieutenant Kim . the guard in the corridor stare at the close door of room 610 from where we hear the cry of billy be beat to death . angle on : daeng who 's start to look scared . phaiban put a reassure hand on he shoulder . as the beat reach its climax , with choi yan Lee scream out thai obscenity , we hear the sicken sound of billy 's neck snap . and then a regular thud as blow after blow rain down on he body . CUT to : int . room 610 - night chang open the door and look through . choi yan Lee be sit breathlessly on the floor cover in blood . in he hand he hold a piece of wood he have rip from a chair . billy lie dead , he head completely smashed in . CUT to : ext . bangkok - night a police car drive through the city street and onto the freeway head out of town . CUT to : int . police car - night the bloody choi yan Lee sit in the back , chang on one side , Kim on the other . as the police car turn onto a more major road , choi yan Lee start to get nervous . choi yan lee ( in thai ) you miss my turn . I live that way . beat . chang say nothing . phaiban be drive , daeng in the passenger seat . daeng look back at they through the rearview mirror ... kim ( in thai ) we will get you there . CUT to : ext . bangkok - night the Police car head over the mega Bridge and continue its way out of town . dissolve to : ext . countryside - night the bright white headlight of the stationary police car blind choi yan Lee who 's catch in they glare , rigid with fear . choi yan lee ( in thai ) I be so sorry . please . please . please do not hurt I . I be so sorry . chang ( in thai ) what be you sorry for ? choi yan lee ( in thai ) I think ... you be there . he kill my daughter . I think you be let I ... chang ( in thai ) answer the question . what be you sorry for ? beat . choi yan Lee be wrongfoote . tentatively ... choi yan lee ( in thai ) I kill the westerner ? chang ( in thai ) and why do you do that ? choi yan lee ( in thai ) he kill my daughter . chang ( in thai ) and why do he do that ? choi yan Lee can not answer . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) how old be she ? choi yan lee ( in thai ) Fifteen ... chang ( in thai ) you know what she be do and you do nothing . choi yan lee ( in thai ) how else can we make money ? four daughter . no son . what else could I do ? daeng watch as Kim open the boot and pull something out . he walk towards chang and hand it to he . daeng see that it 's a axe . choi yan lee ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) what do you expect I to do ? you have to have pity on I . my daughter 's just be murder . chang ( in thai ) this be not about she . this be about you other three daughter and make sure you do not forget they . chang nod to Kim and phaiban who grab hold of choi yan Lee . Kim slip a plastic strap around choi yan Lee 's arm , use it as a tourniquet . they wrestle he to the ground and pull he arm out . choi yan lee ( in thai ) I will not forget . I promise . forgive I . chang approach with the axe . he stop for a moment . look down at he ... choi yan lee ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) I will change . I will be a better man . chang ( in thai ) I know . chang slam down the axe , sever choi yan Lee 's arm at the elbow . choi yan Lee scream in agony . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night the anonymity of a hotel room . Julian open the curtain and we see the sky line of bangkok - he look out . he lie back on the bed , surfing through two hundred tv channel . settles on a box match . start drift off ... as he drift we hear the SOUND of singing . a karaoke rendition of ' I hung my head ' by johnny Cash . voice I set off run to wake from the dream my brother 's rifle go into the sheen I keep on run into the south land that 's where they find I my head in my hand CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night reveal that the voice be that of chang and he 's not half bad either : deeper than you would have though , and with it come a stage presence , a sort of John Wayne swagger ... chang the sheriff he ask I why I have run and then it come to I just what I have do and all for no reason just one piece of lead I hang my head I hang my head . the policeman , still dress in they uniform , watch in respectful silence . daeng sit with they . he too watch in awe . CUT to : int . skytrain - dawn chang travel home across the city . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / landing - morning chang open the door as quietly as he can . he slip off he shoe and walk gingerly into the apartment . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen - morning on the kitchen table chang see a picture . a badly - draw house with a man , a woman and a child . across the bottom : " love you daddy from daughter and wife xxx ' chang stare at it and smile - pick it up and pin it to the fridge with a magnet . CUT to : int . chang' house / kanita's bedroom - day chang and kanita , he eight year old daughter , be play with she doll who have capture a soft toy . chang ( in thai ) so now that they have catch he ... what be they go to do ? kanita think for a moment . kanita ( in thai ) put he in jail . chang ( in thai ) come on . they have not get a jail big enough . look at the size of he . again kanita think . kanita ( in thai ) keep he as a pet ? chang ( in thai ) but he blow down all they house . would you want to keep a pet that could do that ? kanita shake she head . kanita ( in thai ) what if they just let he go ? chang ( in thai ) how could they be sure he would not do it again ? kanita ( in thai ) they could ask he ...? very nicely ? chang pick up the soft toy . peel off a sticker from a sheet and place it between its eye . satisfied with he work he put the soft toy back in the middle of the game . chang ( in thai ) " and so the king and the fairy that live in the village say to the creature : this be you mark which will stay with you forever . if you ever try and blow down we village again , it will heat up until it boil you brain , for it have magical property . go in peace . kanita nod , happy with the judgement . she pick the soft toy up and ' walk ' it away from the village of the doll . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / MAIN bedroom - day chang walk into he bedroom where he wife nadee be just waking up . he kiss she good morning . as he start to undress , she start to get dress . they share a smile about this . finally chang lie down on the bed and close he eye . nadee kiss he good night . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen - day nadee start make breakfast as kanita watch cartoon . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / bedroom - day as chang sleep the heavy curtain be draw to keep out the light of the day - but they cannot deaden the sound of the city outside as it go about its frenetic everyday business . the camera move through the apartment , briefly settling on the sleep chang , then roam through the various room , picking out different object ... we see that chang be obsessed with cowboy film and a keen collector - the sit room be stuff with movie poster , photograph and other bit of movie memorabilia ... amongst the many family photo we also pick out several picture of chang when he be in the army and shot of what look like a very successful career as a thai boxer . at the end of the tour we be back with chang . we zoom in to a tight close shot . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - day we see a hotel room door and hear a knock - Julian enter frame and open to reveal ... ... two thai girl - one be mai - stand in the hallway . Julian let they enter . mai embrace Julian , kissing he on the mouth as Julian close the door . they turn to consider the other girl who be start to undress . she smile compliantly , eager to please . Julian turn back to mai and kiss she again . as the kiss become more passionate , the other girl join they and the three of they begin to have sex . CUT to : int . chang' apartment - day chang be sit eat alone at the dinning table , watch a old western on tv . CUT to : ext . bangkok street - day chang walk down the street towards a school . stand at the gate , kanita be wait for he . he hug she and they hold hand as they continue down the crowded street . CUT to : int . toy store - day chang wait patiently at the counter as kanita sort through various doll , try to choose which one to buy ... chang look round and gaze out the window into the street where pedestrian stream past . suddenly chang have a strange vision : all the woman disappear . in the street there be only man . we cut to a close up of chang and then back to he vision again : now all the man have go and he can see only woman . back to the close up of chang who continue stare out of the window : ... where everything be back to normal . Men and woman walk up and down the sidewalk . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - dusk the remnant of various room service order litter the floor along with the trapping of a heavy session : empty bottle of alcohol , drug paraphernalia , etc . Julian lie sleep , entwine in the limb of the girl ... there be a knock on the door . Julian and the girl ignore it . a pause and then Julian 's mobile phone start ringing . he do not answer . the knock start up again , this time louder . finally : julian Julian 's not here mate . fuck off ... beat - then we hear a voice from behind the door . gordon ( o.s. ) Julian ? still they ignore he . either too waste or too tired to do anything else . gordon ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Julian ...? I need to talk with you ... beat . finally Julian answer with zero energy ... julian what be it ? gordon ( o.s. ) it 's about billy ... julian I can not deal with my brother right now ... beat . gordon ( o.s. ) he 's dead ... Julian open he eye , confuse - still out of he head on drug . julian what ? no answer . finally Julian get up and wrap a towel around he body and slowly open the door . Gordon stand in the hallway - behind he two thai man from Julian 's crew . julian ( cont 'd ) what happen ? gordon they find he body in a hotel room ... Julian do not know what to say ... neither do Gordon . gordon ( cont 'd ) look , get dress and I will see you downstairs . Julian nod and close the door . he stand still - glance out the window - see the sun set and the night come in . he glance at the pretty girl still sleep on the bed . he go into the bathroom where mai be dress and put on make up . mai what happen ? Julian look at she . julian someone kill billy ... the camera zoom in on mai . CUT to : int . morgue - night a mortuary attendant pull a sheet back to reveal - billy . his body completely mutilate . Julian stare at he brother 's corpse intensely , not betray any emotion . he turn to Gordon who 's stand behind he . gordon what do we do ? julian for now ... we wait . Julian glance back at the body ... CUT to : ext . alleyway - night Julian stare up at the night sky , he mobile phone grip tightly in he hand . he put the phone down . he look out across the city again then back to the phone . it 's like he 's scared . he pick it up quickly and dial . a moment as it ring then it 's answer . julian hello mum . beat . julian ( cont 'd ) it 's I ... Julian ... something 's happen . CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL - day the camera track as we follow a pair of high heele shoe belong to a elegant woman in she fifty , who look like she 's in she forty and could actually pass for late thirty . she stride towards reception , a porter struggle to keep up with she . this be Jenna hopkins . head of a notorious London crime family . mother of both Julian and billy . newly appoint Lady macbeth of bangkok . she hand she passport over to the concierge . jenna I would like to check in now please . the concierge check the computer . concierge I be afraid the room will not be ready until four o'clock . beat ... Jenna just stare at he ... concierge ( cont 'd ) ... it 's policy jenna I would like to speak to you manager . beat . concierge yes of course ... the concierge retreat . Jenna light a cigarette . manager good afternoon madam , what seem to be the problem ? jenna listen to I ... I have just travel six thousand mile to see the corpse of my first bear son and I have not sleep for thirty hour and he say I can not go to my room . the manager just stare at she but be clearly take back by she force ... manager I be sorry madam ... jenna how much ? manager ... it simply be not possible . Jenna pull out a massive bundle of note . peel off a couple of hundred dollar bill . jenna ... fuck off you cunt , just hand I the fuck key ... she lay the money on the desk . the manager look around ... manager well I might be able to arrange something ... the manager turn to the concierge . jenna do not leave the money there . some cunt will nick it . put it in you pocket . the manager hesitates . jenna ( cont 'd ) put it in you pocket . manager there 's really no need -- jenna put it in you fuck pocket . the manager take the money . pocket it . place the key on the desk . manager room 300 . CUT to : int . four season' HOTEL / corridor - day the lift door open and Jenna walk out , the porter struggle to keep up with she as she swishes down the corridor . CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / room 300 - day the struggle porter open the door and let Jenna in . she walk into the suite and give it the once over . satisfactory . the porter place she bag on the side and hang up some of she clothes , desperate to try and get out in one piece ... as soon as he 's finish he bow and start to shuffle out of the room . jenna hey ... open this . Jenna point to the duty free bag then start run a bath , beginning to undress . jenna ( cont 'd ) I need a drink . the porter be stunne . jenna ( cont 'd ) well do not just stand there ... the porter fumble , take the gin out of the duty free bag , spilling the tonic in he nervousness as he make she cocktail . Jenna return in a dress gown , take the drink off he and take a huge slug . the porter be terrify , stunne . rooted to the spot . Jenna sit on the bed and stare out of the window . just as the porter think it 's safe to try edging out of the room again , she start talk to he ... jenna ( cont 'd ) I love he so much you know ... billy ... beat . the porter do not know what the fuck she 's talk about . jenna ( cont 'd ) everyone love they child do not they ? well , not everyone , but ... she look over at he . the porter smile at she . jenna ( cont 'd ) do you want to see a picture ? the porter nod , uncertain . Jenna get up , go over to she purse . open it up . a picture of billy . she hand it to the porter - who take it and just look at it , not know what to do ... Jenna start to cry . for a long time . finally ... porter madam . I have to return to my station . Jenna snap out of it in a instant . jenna what , yeah , thanks . she pull a fifty dollar bill out of she purse . she hand the money to the porter who leave as quickly as he dare . CUT to : black . we hear Dave Berry sing ' mama ' . fade in : int . HOTEL hallway - nightmare the elevator door open . Julian step out into the empty hallway . everything be normal ... but everything be also not normal . the camera track from behind as Julian walk - look at the door as he pass they and finally stop in front of one : he knock but there be no answer . realizing the door be not lock , he push it open and step in . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - nightmare the room be exactly the same as the one Jenna 's stay in . however , instead of she , Julian see a man sit on the bed , he back to he . his feature be obscure ... Julian slowly begin to walk towards he , but before he can reach out , the figure turn to face he ... it 's chang . but there be blood smear all over he face ... Julian stare at he in horror . slowly he look down at he hand only to discover that they be drip in blood ... we zoom in on he hand . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night Julian wake from he nightmare - cover in sweat . he be alone . he sit up . look at he hand , still very shake by he nightmare ... we hear the traffic of bangkok . Julian get up and walk to the table ... Light up and begin to smoke morphine ... he walk to the window and look out over bangkok ... his phone ring - Julian answer ... julian ( on the phone ) hello ? jenna ( v.o. ) it 's I ... julian ( on the phone ) hi mum . where be you ? jenna ( v.o. ) I be in bangkok ... julian ( on the phone ) what ? Julian look at he watch . julian ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) ... I think you do not get in till midnight ...? beat . jenna ( v.o. ) I need to be by myself ... julian ( on the phone ) okay ... so , what d' you want to do ? jenna ( v.o. ) raise Hell ... Julian turn he back to the window . CUT to : int . four season' HOTEL / bar Jenna look immaculate . she stub out she cigarette when she spot Julian make he way towards she . she get up and they embrace . she hold on to he . a little too long . finally she pull away . she look at he for a long time . jenna could it be have be one of the gang ? julian maybe . take you pick . billy be not popular . jenna what do you mean ? julian you know billy ... he be eccentric . Jenna smile to herself as if this bring back memory and Julian even smile . both sit in silence for a moment . jenna but you be go to find out who do it , right ? julian I will make sure it get do . jenna no , it need to be you that do it . we need to show they . do you understand what I be say ? julian yeah , okay , I will do it . jenna good . hold on Julian as we bring up the SOUND of johnny Cash 's Ring of Fire . voice Love be a burn thing and it make a firey ring bound by wild desire I fall into a ring of fire CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night chang be sing again ... chang I fall into a burn ring of fire I go down , down , down and the flame go higher and it burn , burn , burn the Ring of Fire / the Ring of Fire and the cop be all there , daeng include , watch he ... CUT to : int . thai boxing club - night chang 's sing continue as we see a assortment of tough look thai Men listen to Gordon ( mute ) . chang` ( v.o . ) I fall into a burn ring of fire I go down , down , down and the flame go higher and it burn , burn , burn the Ring of Fire / the Ring of Fire Gordon explain the situation : what information they be after , how much they will get pay for good lead . all the while Julian watch from the background . CUT to : ext . bangkok street - night a montage of Julian 's crew spread out , shaking down they various contact : doormen , pimp , dirty cop , stall holder , barmen ... chang ( v.o. ) the taste of love be sweet when heart like ours meet I fall for you like a child oh , but the fire go wild . one of the crew , the rat face Charlie ling , start talk to the Hotel owner who be there the night of the murder . a couple of hundred bhat note and he start talk ... CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night chang reach the climax of the song . chang I fall into a burn ring of fire I go down , down , down and the flame go higher and it burn , burn , burn the Ring of Fire / the Ring of Fire the cop watch with total devotion . CUT to : ext . slum - day a tuck -tuck make its way through the crowded street drive by one of choi yan Lee 's Three daughter 's . in the back sit choi yan Lee , he stump of a arm in a sling , a daughter either side of he . his arm 's only just be bandage up and he 's clearly still in a lot of pain , he face go into spasm with every bump in the road . CUT to : ext . choi yan lee' kiosk - day Julian stand on the street corner sip a soft drink . wait . behind he Gordon , he phone glue to he face . on the other side of the road be choi yan Lee 's kiosk , big enough to double as he home , currently manned by he long suffer wife Kim yan Lee . she serve a chill coconut to a man . as he turn round we reveal ... he 's a particularly murderous look member of Julian 's crew - ko Sam . we pick out Charlie ling a little further down the road , who 's look at a tray of battery power robot that some Street kid 's sell . they be all count down the minute . bide they time . wait for choi yan Lee to turn up . finally the sound of the tuck-tuck approach ... ko Sam drink he coconut down in one - slurping as he hit the bottom . letting the empty shell fall to the floor . Charlie ling stand up . feel the gun under he jacket . the tuck -tuck pull up and choi yan Lee 's daughter help he into the kiosk that double as they home . Julian and he man close in . CUT to : int . choi yan lee' shack as choi yan Lee enter he home and he daughter make a fuss of he , the shutter of the kiosk counter be suddenly slammed shut . they all turn round in panic , but before they can do anything about it , the last of the three daughter be push into the kiosk , follow by ko Sam , Charlie ling , Gordon and Julian . choi yan Lee snivel in the corner , wave he bandage arm in the air . choi yan lee ( in thai ) you can not kill I . I be a cripple . kim yan lee ( in thai ) who be you ? what do you think you be do ? get out or we will call the police . ko Sam shake he head at she . not a good idea . Julian turn to Charlie ling . julian ask he if he 's choi yan Lee . at the mention of he name the colour drain from choi yan Lee 's face . his eye lock with julian' . charlie ling ( in thai ) be you name choi yan Lee ? choi yan Lee nod he head . julian ask he why he kill my brother . charlie ling ( in thai ) you kill he brother . Big mistake fat man . why would you do it ? beat . choi yan Lee know he 's be catch ... choi yan lee ( in thai ) he murder my daughter . charlie ling he say he kill he daughter . Julian consider he for a moment . slowly he pull out a gun ... aim it at choi yan Lee 's face ... choi yan lee ( in thai ) oh God . please do not kill I . please . I will give you anything . anything you want . my daughter . my shop . please . I have pay for what I do . look at I . in he desperation choi yan Lee suddenly lurch forward , brandish he wounded arm at Julian . he pull the bandage off , expose the bloody stump . choi yan lee ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) I have pay for what I do . do not you see ? Julian turn to Charlie ling . julian what 's he say ? beat . charlie ling he say ... he say he 's pay for what he 's do . that he 's be punish already . choi yan Lee nod he head enthusiastically . choi yan lee ( in thai ) he tell I to do it . then he take my hand . look . again he thrust he stump at Julian who glance at he . julian who do that to he ? choi yan Lee look at the various face that surround he - then stare directly at Julian . choi yan lee ( in thai ) the angel of Vengeance ... Charlie ling look at he surprised ... yet there 's a sense that deep down he know what he 's talk about ... charlie ling ( in thai ) it 's a lie - he do not exist ... choi yan lee ( in thai ) I be tell the truth . it be the angel of Vengeance . julian what 's he say ? charlie ling he 's lie ... julian tell I . charlie ling it 's a story old woman tell they grand child ... ' the angel of Vengeance ' be suppose to come down from the heaven and judge the live ... restore karma to the world .. Gordon laugh ... but Julian listen with great interest ... julian how do he do that ? charlie ling lead people to they destiny ... that 's the myth anyway . ko Sam smile . Julian do not . finally : julian ask he who cut he hand off . Charlie ling 's reluctant to question he further . Julian insist . julian ( cont 'd ) do it . charlie ling ( in thai ) who turn you into a cripple - and no bullshit this time . choi yan Lee continue babbling hysterically ... choi yan lee ( in thai , quietly ) I be tell you the truth ... the angel of Vengeance be real ... he make I do it ... you have get to believe I ... I have already be judge . charlie ling he say it be the angel of Vengeance ... choi yan Lee start to giggle uncontrollably . choi yan lee ( in thai ) the angel of Vengeance . yes . you do not find the angel of Vengeance . no. he find you . julian what 's he say ? charlie ling ( in thai ) pull yourself together fat man . if you do not talk sense I will cut off you cock and shove it down you throat . choi yan lee ( in thai ) I be tell you the truth . he will find you . choi yan Lee retreat to the corner of the room . julian what do he say ? Charlie ling consider choi yan Lee . realize he 's not go to get a better answer out of he ... charlie ling he say you do not find the angel of Vengeance . he find you ... Julian consider this for a long time . he realise he 's not point he gun anymore . put it away . gordon be we go to kill he or what ? the room suddenly feel stuffy . the atmosphere oppressive . Julian 's get to get out ... gordon ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? but Julian 's already stumbling out of the kiosk ... julian nothing ... we be not go to do anything ... just leave he . leave they all . CUT to : ext . kiosk - day Julian stumble out of the kiosk and breath in lungfulls of air . disorient , he career into a stall sell various religious artefact , send candle , incense and statue of buddha fly ... he fall to the ground . when he get to he foot everything around he seem intense and incredibly vibrant ... the dog fight on the street , the buddha that lie in piece on the ground , the child that stand watch he , he crew as they come out of the kiosk , hide they gun ... Julian take a long moment to get he bearing ... finally he stand up , but as he do he feel different ... as if the axis of he world have shift ... CUT to : int . thai boxing club - night the camera track from the side as we see Jenna walk through the box gym . all around she people be fight and sparring . she spot Julian and Gordon through the large window of the office . they see she and stand up . we linger outside in the training area as Jenna go through the door ... CUT to : int . back room - night boxer train in the background . Jenna , Julian and Gordon sit in silence . finally : jenna do you kill he ? beat . a share look between Gordon and Julian . julian it 's a little bit more complicated than that mum . jenna complicate ? he kill my son ... what 's so fuck complicated about that ? julian mum , calm down ... jenna do not tell I to calm down . I want he dead . beat ... Julian do not know how to explain the situation . Jenna stare at he . jenna ( cont 'd ) we do not forgive . only God do . julian I know , you always say that - but this be different ... jenna how ? silence . Julian do not know how to answer . Jenna watch he carefully ... julian maybe ... maybe billy have it come ... jenna what be you talk about ? julian ... because of what he do . Jenna think it over for a moment . jenna I do not care . julian why ? jenna just do not - some thai cunt murder you brother and we be not go to let he get away with it . julian what if ... what if it be the angel of Vengeance ? Jenna stare at she son like he 's finally lose the plot . jenna the angel of fuck what ...? julian ... it - or he - restore karma and order in the world . jenna ' restore ' thing ? who say anything about ' restore ' thing ? beat . julian he love all human ... jenna I do not know what kind of spiritual journey you be on , but you will kill he -- julian I be not , I be just ... Julian can not get the word out . he get up . julian ( cont 'd ) ... I have get to go . ... and Julian leave - let the door to the office stay open . we pick up the sound of the fighter training outside as we slowly zoom in on Jenna . she turn to Gordon . jenna how 's business ? gordon it 's alright , yeah . well , what with billy not be around , it 's tricky to be honest ... jenna what d' you mean ? gordon well , we be suppose to be move five key out the end of this week . but billy 's not here , be he ? jenna I be here . Julian 's here . Gordon shrug . Jenna clock it . jenna ( cont 'd ) what 's get into he ...? be he high or something ? gordon I do not know . earlier today - we have the guy ... the guy that kill billy . have a gun against he face . but then - nothing ... jenna nothing ? gordon Julian let he go . now there 's all this stuff about angel ... I do not know what the fuck 's wrong with he . jenna not like you ... Gordon smile at she uncertainly . gordon I know how to do what need to be do . that 's all . she stare at he , long enough to make he uncomfortable . jenna so tell I ... what do he mean when he say it be complicated ? gordon there 's this other guy ... might have be involved ... jenna so we kill they both . gordon we do not know who the other guy be yet ... jenna okay . well how about we start with the guy we do know ? CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night a girl sing ' another woman 's man ' by dolly parton . Julian 's sit alone at a table , nursing a drink . mai enter , look much more sophisticated than when we see she in the hotel . she sit next to Julian and give he a kiss on the cheek . mai sorry I be late . julian it 's alright ... he drink he drink . silence ... mai what 's wrong ? julian nothing . mai look around the bar ... it 's half empty - some girl and man spread out . the waitress come over and mai order a drink . they sit in silence , listen to the song ... mai see anyone you want we to take home tonight ? Julian glance round but shake he head . look at mai . mai ( cont 'd ) what ? julian nothing ... mai what 's with you ? you want to get high ? beat . silence . finally ... julian I want you to meet my mum . a pause , mai slightly take about . mai be she here ? Julian nod . mai ( cont 'd ) d' you want I to ? Julian nod . mai study he . mai ( cont 'd ) why d' you want I to meet she ? julian to show she ... to show that I have get something here ... mai what , like we be a couple ? Julian stare at she for a long time . can not quite say it out loud , but the answer 's yes . CUT to : ext . choi yan lee' shack - night choi yan Lee oversee he daughter 's serve hot food to customer . focus on liang , the young kick boxer , watch he from across the street . liang pull out a knife which glint in the light of the street lamp . he head over to the shack . liang ask choi yan Lee a question . choi yan Lee lean over to hear he better . liang grab hold of he hair and pull he over the counter , slitting he throat with the knife . choi yan Lee 's wife and daughter look on as blood flood from he neck , over the sweet and snack on sale and down to the ground below . life slip away from choi yan Lee in a matter of second . liang hold onto he until he 's dead and then let go of he head and run off into the night . CUT to : ext . bangkok STREET - night Gordon be wait on a street corner smoking cigarettes . liang come up to he , breathless . Gordon pull out several hundred dollar . gordon never come back - you understand I ? liang nod . gordon ( cont 'd ) good ... liang take the money . a proper pay out . gordon ( cont 'd ) you be a fighter , kid . no doubt about it . good luck with that . CUT to : int . back room - day Julian 's talk to liang 's mother and sister who be sit in front of he , both upset . Gordon hover in the background ... julian when do you last see he ? liang sister last night . he go out . julian do he have any enemy ? liang sister none . liang mother ( in thai ) someone call he . liang sister someone call he mobile . julian who ? liang sister she do not know . they speak in English . liang 's mother pull out a mobile phone . pass it to Julian . julian this he phone ? liang 's sister nod . Julian scroll through the number . all have thai name against they - except one . Julian consider the number , then redial . a beat . then the SOUND of a phone ringing in the same room . Gordon look round . realise he 's bust . take he phone out . kill it . Julian stare at he . before he get a chance to say anything , there be a knock on the door . julian ( cont 'd ) what be it ? thai man ( v.o. ) there 's some cop here to see you . juilan what do they want ? thai man ( v.o. ) probably just money . you want I to find out how much ? Julian think it over ... julian no , I will talk to they . CUT to : int . boxing club - day Julian clock the cop who be wait for he . he walk over , strangely on edge . as he get closer he see chang - stand on the other side of the room by the box ring , he back to he , watch the sparring fighter ... Julian stare at he ... turn back to the cop ... julian good morning officer . how can I help you ? slowly chang turn to face he . Julian stare at he as if he 's in a trance ... kim we be investigate the murder of choi yan Lee . Julian recover . turn to Kim and shrug . julian never hear of he . kim his arm be cut off . here . Julian manage to cover he reaction . julian I run a box club . not much call for one armed man . a beat . mexican stand off . julian ( cont 'd ) what 's this get to do with I ? kim he be the father of the girl that be find dead with you brother . julian then I guess you boy have get a lot of work to do - so have I , so if you ' will excuse I ... kim that 's why we be here Mr hopkins . if you could just answer we question . julian sure , sorry . what do you want to know ? Julian look over to chang who continue stare at the boxer . the way the ring be light he 's almost silhouett . kim where be you last night ? julian with my mum ... some of the boxer come over to chang . they know he . they be reverential . with the effect of the lighting , it seem to Julian like they be bow down before a God . julian ( cont 'd ) you want to speak to she ? kim that wont be necessary at the moment . julian be I suspect ? chang turn round to face Julian . his presence be magnetic . Julian stare back at he , realize that this must be the angel of Vengeance ... chang walk over to they . Studies Julian for a long moment and then turn to Kim . chang ( in thai ) this be not the man . and as soon as he 's say it , he turn on he heel and leave . the cop back off and away . zoom in on Julian . deflate and strangely disappointed ... he turn to Gordon who 's stand behind he . julian I want you to find out who that guy be . okay ? gordon sure . no problem . julian now . the SOUND of nadee sing ' lonely coming down ' by dolly parton . CUT to : int . karaoke bar chang sit on he own drink apple juice as he watch he wife sing on stage . Julian enter , see chang but can only see the back of he face . he walk over to the bar , order a drink . Julian start to watch nadee . when he turn back to the bar he see chang reflect in the optic - somehow stand right next to he , stare at he . Julian turn to face he . chang why be you here ? julian you be he ... be not you ? chang who ? julian the one who kill my brother . chang say nothing for a long time . chang I love all live thing . beat . chang ( cont 'd ) I restore karma . be that why you come ? julian I come here to kill you . chang what 's stop you ? julian I do not know ... chang would you like I to tell you ? Julian nod . chang ( cont 'd ) you want the angel of Vengeance . julian yes . chang why ? julian Cause , all my life ... I do not know . chang yes you do . julian my mother want I to kill you . chang stare back at he . chang and what do you want ? julian ... I love violence . chang you want to fight I ? Julian nod . julian thai style . CUT to : int . restaurant - night Three cop sit eat noodle . kim ( in thai ) what about he brain ? phaibun ( in thai ) it 's a risk ... one hit in the wrong place and he will be straight back in hospital . and maybe he wont be so lucky as last time . daeng ( in thai ) then why 's he go to fight the westerner ? the question hang in the air . it 's what they be all wonder . phaibun he use to be a great boxer . kim he have to do it . since he come out of the coma , that 's what he 's do . whatever 's be ask of he , he 's do it . he can not help it . it 's all a mystery ... a mutual pause . daeng and if he lose ? phaibun he can not lose . he 's the angel of Vengeance . CUT to : ext . chang' apartment - night nadee be stand behind chang . they be play a game in which they speak in English . she point out the window . chang View . nadee window . ` she point at the table . chang table . nadee do you like the table ? chang yes . I like the table . chang stiffen . nadee detect the change in he . nadee what be it ? chang take she in he arm . he start kissing she neck . chang I need to speak to you in thai . a pause . nadee ( in thai ) what be it ? chang ( in thai ) I love you . she stare at he for a long moment . it 's odd for he to have confess he feeling in such a way . not bad , just odd . and then she start to kiss he back ... CUT to : ext . STREET - evening Julian be anxiously wait outside . he look up as mai come out of she apartment in a red dress . Julian 's face drop . mai what be it ? julian you can not wear that . mai why not ? julian my mother 's ... very particular about colour . mai you be kid ? julian she hate red . come on , we will get you something else . mai stare at he , reluctant to give in . julian ( cont 'd ) come on . mai this be insane . julian look , I be tell you . it 's easier this way . trust I . mai give in . take he hand . CUT to : int . clothes shop - night chang pick out a dress for mai . she take it , find it hard to believe that he 's make she do this ... CUT to : int . restaurant - night Three people sit around a table awkwardly . Julian , Jenna and mai ( dress very conservatively ) all eat soup . a long silence . jenna so ... May , be not it ? julian it 's mai , mum . jenna how long have you two know each other then ? mai 's about to answer but juilan get there first . julian a year and a half be not it ? beat as mai quickly count in she head ... mai ... that sound about right . jenna well it 's always a rare treat to meet one of Julian 's lady friend . julian mum , please ... jenna so , where do you two meet ? julian I see she walk down the street . Jenna raise a eyebrow ... julian ( cont 'd ) and I think - this be the most beautiful girl I have ever see - so I just walk up to she and start talk . jenna I hear that happen a lot in this part of the world ... tell I , what 's you line of work , mai ? mai I work in the service industry . jenna I bet you do . but tell I mai , before you start serve my son , how many cock be you serve ? be it over a thousand ? mai stare at Jenna in disbelief . jenna ( cont 'd ) I know girl like you . just because you might be pull the wool over my son 's eye do not think it 's go to work with I . julian mum , stop it , for fuck 's sake . jenna I be sorry Julian , but I will not stand by and let a dirty little hooker take advantage of my son in the vain hope that she womb be not so disease that she can trick he into impregnate she and put another cocksucke child on to this earth . julian leave she alone mum . you have get she wrong . she 's a good girl . jenna what do you know about what 's good ? beat . Julian say nothing . mai he 's good to I ... jenna well that 's nice be not it , I be really happy for you -- julian mum ! a pause . julian ( cont 'd ) the cop come by my club today . beat . she stare at he . julian ( cont 'd ) they be investigate a murder . the guy that kill billy turn up dead this morning . Jenna look bored . light a cigarette . jenna oh really , shame that , still , live by the sword , die by the sword ... julian I know it be you , mum . jenna I do what have to be do . julian he be there . he be with they . jenna who ? julian the angel of Vengeance . jenna d' you kill he ? julian no . jenna Cause he as good as kill billy . what I want to know be , what be you go to do about it ? julian I be not go to kill he ... jenna yes you be . you be go to do it for I and you be go to do it for you brother . julian this be not about billy . this be about I . all my life I have be run ... jenna that 's right you cunt , cause you always run away whenever there 's a problem ... just like you be run away from kill this fuck angel of whatever - julian - he name be chang - jenna chang ?! mai stand up . mai I should be go now . jenna sit down you cunt . julian mum , do not talk to she like that . mai sit down . jenna so what be I leave with ? Julian stare at she . julian me. Jenna calm down . she look at they reflection in the mirror behind the bar . we zoom in on the mirror , they face refracted by the glass . jenna you be right . we be family . we stick together . but billy be family too . julian billy be a fuck up ... he deserve everything he get . you know it and I know it . jenna that 's it . I be not listen to this . I do not ever want to hear you mention he name again ... do you hear I ? julian yeah we be brother , but we be never close ... and he be only in bangkok cause you could not control he . so you send he to I -- julian ( cont 'd ) -- so you send he to I and what could I do ? jenna you could have protect he . julian I do what I could . and that 's more than you ever do . jenna I would have do anything for he . okay , he be not bear with as many advantage as you be . he struggle with thing . but I always stand by he . julian and what do that get he ? I will tell you what , a one way ticket to this fuck place , just like I . jenna do not you dare blame I for what happen back then . julian I be only here ' cause of you . if you do not exist , I would not be here . beat . julian ( cont 'd ) I could have be someone , mum . I be on my way ... Jenna stare at he - this be a conversation she do not like have ... jenna you would have be a great fighter ... you could have go pro . julian do not you think I know that ? and look at I now . I be a front for a drug smuggle . he turn to mai . julian ( cont 'd ) it 's true ... the whole thing 's a front . every day I see kid come in with great potential . and every day I see kilo of heroin go out . and it 's all because of you , ma. you and the money and the drug . Jenna silently seethes , wait for Julian to shut the fuck up . he quieten down ... jenna at least you be not behind bar and that 's more important to I . Julian turn to she - he have be wait all he life to say this . julian that 's right mum . that 's what 's more important to you . but what about I ? sometimes I think you only get I out of there so the cop could not trace it back to you ... Jenna stare at he . her face a mask . julian ( cont 'd ) ... that 's right mum . think about it . with I go you be safe . and it turn out to be good for business as well . all very convenient . silence between they . Jenna light another cigarette - she hand now shaking . julian ( cont 'd ) be that what happen with billy ? do billy become a problem like I do ? would not surprise I , he be a big fuck problem when he be here ... still , at least you do not have he kill . Jenna slap he hard on the face . Julian recover . look up at she . very intense . julian ( cont 'd ) I be not go to kill he for you , mum . do not matter what you say . and do you want to know why ? jenna surprise I . julian ' Cause I be go to fight he . in the ring . I versus he . jenna well that seem sensible ... and what do you hope that 's go to achieve ? julian I do not expect you to understand . Cause you do not understand anything that be not about you . jenna and when you lose , what 's go to happen then ? julian I do not know ... but maybe this time I will win . like you say , only God forgive . maybe this time he will forgive I ... Jenna turn to mai. jenna do you understand what he 's talk about ? ' Cause I have not get a fuck a clue . julian you never do , mum . a pause . Julian 's touch a nerve . Jenna recover . jenna I hope you find what you be look for . ' Cause if you do not , it 's go to find you and I be not always go to be there to look after you . Jenna compose herself . suddenly brighten . a different person . jenna ( cont 'd ) Nice to meet you mai . hope to see you again soon . Jenna shake she hand . mai 's too shocked to resist . and then , as if nothing have happen , Jenna leave . Julian cover he face with he napkin . mai be you alright ? he 's not . he 's cry . but he do not want anyone to see . julian I be fine . beat . julian ( cont 'd ) I will be fine . in a minute . Julian wipe he face clean . pull himself together . julian ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . CUT to : ext . four season be HOTEL - night Jenna get out of she cab and walk toward reception , a look of steely determination in she eye . CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL - night the concierge and the manager see Jenna come towards they and brace themselves ... however , to they relief , she divert to the palm court area where Gordon be wait for she . gordon Nice evening ? jenna Lovely , yeah . just catch up , you know . Jenna sit down . light a cigarette . jenna ( cont 'd ) you be a piece of work , be not you ? Gordon blushes . Jenna blow out she match . jenna ( cont 'd ) no fuck hang about with you , be there ? gordon well , I do not know about that . just be out here a while ... know how to get thing do . jenna I bet you do . gordon but thing be go to shit . since billy die , Julian 's all over the place ... jenna we will have to something about that the , wont we ? but , first thing first , what about chang ? gordon who ? jenna my son 's guardian angel . gordon he 's just a retire cop ... jenna good , then he will not be to hard to kill , will he ? gordon it 's not that simple ... be there somewhere we can go that 's a little more private ? beat . she raise she eyebrow . jenna what do you have in mind ? Gordon blushes . move closer , conspiratorial ... gordon you can not just go round kill cop here anymore . it 's not that easy . jenna I do not say it be easy . but then , you be a resourceful man , be not you ? gordon I look into it . chang 's a hard man to get to . none of the thais will go near he ... jenna well then you be go to have to find someone who 's not a fuck thai then , be not you ? gordon there might be a way ... but Julian can not find out ... Jenna look at Gordon - smile and cross she leg . jenna do not you worry about that . there be certain thing that a mother and son should not - and do not - discuss ... Gordon think he do but be not a hundred per cent sure . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night Julian sit on a chair , hold he hand over a flame . mai finish apply make up , come out of the bathroom wear she red dress . she watch he for a moment . mai what be you do ? julian see when it hurt . mai watch he . he do not flinch . mai I be go to go . Julian take he hand off the flame . see she 's leave the clothes he buy she behind . julian do not you like what I get you ? mai it 's fine , but you know ... it 's not my style . julian what do you mean ? mai maybe you should give it to you mother . julian do not to be so hard on she . her life have not be easy . mai come on Julian . she 's a fuck bitch . julian do not say that , okay ? you do not know what you be talk about . she would do anything for I . mai the way she talk to you -- julian do not go there . mai what ? ' do not talk about my mother ' ? come on Julian . Julian stand up , angry . mai ( cont 'd ) why do not you fuck she instead of I ? Julian grab hold she neck . throw she hard against the wall . julian you do not get to judge she . you think she 's bad ? you should have meet my dad . but he 's not around anymore , and do you know why ? Cause she love I too much . he let go of she neck . mai rub she neck . mai you be fuck . he pull money out of he pocket . julian how much do I owe you ? he force a roll of note into she hand , force she to take it . mai fuck you . she open the door , set fire to the money , and walk out of the room . as she walk down the hotel corridor , Julian slam he fist into the wall . CUT to : int . skylight bar - night a mix clientele . High class . asian and european . but there 's a edge to the atmosphere . the music 's that bit too loud , that bit too aggressive . and the people inside do not look like they be have a good time . it seem evil . sleazy . Jenna introduce herself to yuri karkov , a well dress and charismatic Russian in he forty who be surround by thai girl and fellow Russians include he distinctive look bodyguard , dimitri . as the camera track closer to they we start to hear what they be say ... yuri karkov ... so why do you want to kill a policeman ? policeman be good . they mind they own business and keep the street safe . stop people steal my car ... jenna you really want to know ? yuri karkov yes . it may effect the price . jenna he kill my son . yuri karkov revenge . pricey ... jenna this be bangkok . nothing 's that expensive . yuri karkov you be right . most thing be cheap in bangkok . especially life ... we will take care of this business for you . but it will not be easy and it will not be cheap . CUT to : int . restaurant - night chang and he crew eat dinner together . CUT to : ext . restaurant - night a crappy van pull up outside . out get three cambodian man . very poor , badly clothed . they look like farmer . only they pull out semi automatic firearm and head for the restaurant . CUT to : int . restaurant - night chang have just finish a meal with the cop include Kim , daeng and phaiban . chang be just settling the bill when the Three gunmen walk in . he look up just as they OPEN FIRE . a insane storm of lead rain down on the room , shatter all the mirror on the back wall , take out two Waitress and cover the room with break glass . chang hit the floor and start to drag himself towards some cover . chang 's man be completely pin down . phaiban 's be hit and he white shirt have turn dark red with blood . chang keep edging towards where he jacket 's hang on a chair . in it , he pistol . the gunmen keep fire . as soon as a clip be finish , they pull it out and put a fresh one in and keep shoot . a stray bullet hit the waiter who knock over the chair chang 's jacket 's on . it fall to the ground . with it , he pistol . he grab it and return fire , let off four round . he take gunman one . head shot , right between the eye . gunman two see this and spray at chang - - but chang manage to dive to cover . he roll and fire again , shoot gunman two in the chest three time . chang 's out of ammo and need to reload . gunman Three 's weapon jam . he drop he weapon and run . before he 's finish reloading he pistol , chang 's after he . he see phaiban . Dead . daeng try to stem the flow of blood from he chest . chang keep run , determine not to lose he man . CUT to : ext . restaurant - night the driver of the crappy van smoke nervously in the drive seat as he wait . as soon as he see gunman Three , panic-stricken , run in fear , he put the van in gear , revs the engine and start to pull away . gunman Three run after he , cry out for he to slow down . the Driver slow . gunman Three struggle to jump into the open door . chang burst out of the restaurant . stop dead . aim and fire off two round . blood spatter across the inside of the windscreen . the Driver fall forward , dead . the back door of the van slam shut . gunman Three think he 's make it . he 's wrong . the van be not go anywhere . chang approach the back door of the van , ready to fire . chang ( in thai ) do you want to die ? do you want I to kill you ? for what you have do ? a long pause . finally : gunman three ( o.s. ) ( in thai ) no. please . do not kill I . chang ( in thai ) tell I why not . tell I why I should not shoot you as soon as you come out of that door . gunman three ( o.s. ) ( in thai ) I be sorry ? chang ( in thai ) not good enough . gunman three ( o.s. ) ( in thai ) it 's my first time . I have never do anything like this before . chang ( in thai ) I know that . you be wear sandal . hitmen do not wear sandal . the door open . sandale foot step out of the van . gunman Three come out with he hand up , fall to he knee . chang continue to point he weapon at the unarm man . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) give I a reason . the cop appear behind he in the doorway . chang hold he ground . his finger twitches . it look like he 's go to pull the trigger . gunman three ( in thai ) I be begging you . please -- chang ( in thai ) you show no mercy in there . why should mercy be show to you ? gunman three ( in thai ) I do not know ... chang ( in thai ) yes you do . a long beat . gunman three ( in thai ) I do not know he name . chang ( in thai ) but you know where he be . gunman Three look up ... nod . CUT to : int . cover electrical market - night flanke by the cop , chang frog march gunman Three through the crowd , pass various stall that seem to sell anything you could ever want for you tv , computer or hi-fi . gunman Three be so scared that he keep forget the route and fretting about which way to turn at every junction in the warren - like market . finally they reach the entrance to a particular shop . CUT to : int . electrical shop - night chang enter , follow by the other . gunman Three be incredibly relieved to have find it . Li po stand behind the counter - beside he sit Pan , a twelve year old boy who be severely handicapped . as soon as Li po see chang and he crew arrive with gunman Three next to they he know the game 's up . he can not run . his kid 's sit there ... he approach they with a heavy sigh . chang ( in thai ) you know why we be here . li po ( in thai ) yes ... gunman three ( in thai ) he set it up . he know who order the hit . he will tell you . chang ( in thai ) do not talk unless I ask you to . understood ? gunman three ( in thai ) yes . completely understand . chang turn to Li po. chang ( in thai ) do you have anything to say for yourself ? li po ( in thai ) I be a salesman . some of the thing I sell be not exactly legal ... but I will give you the man that hire the hit ... chang stare at he ... chang ( in thai ) good ... Li po summon the contact detail on he distinctive look mobile phone . proffer it to chang . li po ( in thai ) as for myself , I be not scared of pay for what I have do . I just ... just do not hurt my son . chang look down at Pan - who be just stare at they , not understanding the situation . chang take the phone from Li po . gunman three ( in thai ) you see ? he know . he 's get the detail . I tell you he would . chang ( in thai ) and I tell you not to talk unless I ask you . chang aim he gun at gunman Three . gunman three ( in thai ) wait . you say if I take you to he you would let I live . chang shake he head . chang ( in thai ) I never say that . chang fire . gunman Three 's brain spatter across the tv screen on the far side of the wall . Pan begin to cry and Li po hug he and tell he how much he love he ... think they be next ... chang study the mobile phone . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) this he ? Li po nod - scared . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) where do I find he ? li po ( in thai ) skylight bar at the Jupiter .. every night . chang study Li po make sure he speak the truth ... then nod . chang ( in thai ) I be take you phone . chang turn to leave . li po ( in thai ) what about I ? beat . chang consider . look at Pan who 's stare at chang in fear . look back at Li po. chang ( in thai ) I forgive you ... CUT to : ext . the jupiter - night a people carrier pull up outside the hotel . the doormen open the side door and step back when they see the heavily armed and bloodstain policeman get out , lead by chang . CUT to : int . skylight bar - night pick out dimitri and the group of Russian criminal . yuri karkov be in the centre of they , a girl on either arm . chang lead the cop into the bar . he fire two shot into the ceiling . that shut everyone up and get the Russian criminal up and ready for a confrontation . half the bar 's emptied by the time chang reach yuri karkov . yuri you better have a fuck good reason for do this . do not you know who you be fuck with . chang look at he . chang ( in thai ) you live in my country . can not speak my language ... too bad the one guy on my team that could speak English get murder today . yuri look round for help . he can not understand a word . yuri can someone tell I what the fuck this guy 's try to say ... chang call over to the barman . chang ( in thai ) can you turn the music off . it will not be long , I promise . the music 's kill . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) that 's better . thank you very much ... chang pull out Li po 's distinctive mobile phone . dimitri , currently flanking yuri , turn white . chang call a number . a beat . then a phone start ringing in dimitri 's jacket pocket ( with a really cheesy ringtone ) . dimitri wince . chang shake he head . yuri pull a gun . Kim shoot he dead . chang move he gun across to dimitri . hold he mobile phone up to he ear . dimitri answer . chang speak through the phone . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in english ) you be under arrest ... CUT to : int . skylight bar - later we track in on dimitri as he stare at chang , a rabbit in the headlight . chang slowly sit down next to he . talk to he in English . chang ( cont 'd ) I need information . phaiban spin a spotlight onto dimitri . chang ( cont 'd ) and you be go to help I . suddenly the atmosphere in the emptied club shift . it 's as if dimitri and chang be lock into some kind of surreal performance ... chang ( cont 'd ) whether you like it or not . dimitri 's body start to shake in fear . dimitri it be a English woman - she want you dead ... a beat . not what chang expect ... chang why ? dimitri Said you ... murder she son .... chang who be she ? dimitri I do not know ... chang how do she know I ? dimitri shake he head . he really do not know . dimitri she ask for you by name ... chang and what 's my name ? dimitri chang -- chang start to circle he . dimitri 's terrify . do not know what the fuck he 's on about . suddenly he 's grab from behind by phaiban . chang smashes a beer bottle and walk up behind dimitri ... chang ( in thai ) I see the way you look at my people . the way you abuse they with you eye . for this , I take you sight . he push the break bottle into dimitri 's eye . gauge they out . dimitri scream hysterically - call out for he mother in Russian ... chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) you live in my country , but you fail to learn we language . you do not even try . for this I take you tongue ... phaibun grab dimitri 's head from behind . chang press down on he stomach with he knee and open he mouth - grab hold of he tongue and with a blade slowly cut it off . ... dimitri 's scream become more like the howl of a die animal ... chang look at he and he man release dimitri who stumble around the room like a chicken without a head ... chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) you have opportunity . you could have choose other path ... but you would not listen ... for this I give you silence ... chang grab dimitri and push the knife into he ear . first one side , then the other . SOUND out . we can not hear dimitri 's scream . we can not hear anything at all . beat . music start . painful and beautiful , but also tacky ... the open bar to one of dolly parton 's classic . karaoke style . nadee ( v.o. ) if I should stay , I would only be in you way . so I will go , but I know I will think of you every step of the way . and chang with he crew just stare at the torture Russian as he scream until he lung be ready to burst . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night nadee and chang on stage . sing they heart out . chang and nadee and I will always love you . I will always love you . you , my darling you . hmm . his crew watch , emotion etched on they face ... CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / jenna' room - night Gordon be sit on a chair in Jenna 's hotel room , a whiskey in he hand , the bangkok skyline behind he . nadee ( v.o. ) bittersweet memory that be all I be take with I . so , goodbye . please do not cry , Jenna walk in from the bedroom wear she dress gown and walk over to he - a commanding presence . he make to get up but she push he down and then lean down and kiss he hard on the mouth . chang ( v.o. ) we both know that I be not what you , you need . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night nadee and chang continue sing - a spotlight beam down on they , singling they out in the shadowy bar . chang and nadee and I will always love you . I will always love you . CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / jenna' room - night Jenna and Gordon be still kissing as the guitar solo of the instrumental section kick in ... CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night as chang wait for the instrumental section to end , he start to cry , let the tear flow without embarrassment . nadee put she arm around he to comfort he . the rest of the crew start cry as well , daeng in particular . nadee I hope life treat you kind and I hope you have all you have dream of ... and I wish you , joy and happiness . chang but above all this , I wish you love . and I will always love you . CUT to : int . thai boxing club - night Julian train alone in the night ... nadee ( v.o. ) I will always love you . chang ( v.o. ) I will always love you . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night nadee and chang hold hand ... chang / nadee ( o.s. ) I will always love you . I will always love you ... I , I will always love you . CUT to : int . thai boxing club - night ... Julian stare at he reflection . chang / nadee ( v.o. ) you , darling , I love you . ooh , I will always , I will always love you . Julian lift he fist up . the same fight pose we see he in at the very beginning . he 's ready . ready as he will ever be . CUT to : black fade in : int . thai boxing ring - night two figure kneel on either side of the ring . Julian and chang . both wear mongkol . totally still . the ceremonial music begin ... slowly Julian and chang start to perform Ram muay , the ancient , traditional dance which the rule of the game say must be carry out before a fight take place . it be both strange and spiritual : Julian and chang move they arm rhythmically , in time to the music , they hand describe shape and outline fight position . as the dance develop , so they position become more combative ; now crouching , now stand , hint at the kick and punch that they be about to perform ... but all carry out with a almost beatific precision that be at odd with the violence that be about to follow ... fade out . the Music end . a moment of stillness , and then slowly we bring up the SOUND of the bay crowd . chant . scream . Wild excitement . ready for the fight they have all be wait for ... fade in : int . thai boxing ring - night the crowd be pack . in one corner : Julian . Charlie ling beside he along with ko Sam . he look focuss . confident . in the other corner : chang . Kim next to he along with a couple of he crew . he look incredibly calm . the first bell sound . five second warning ... chang look over into the crowd . kanita with nadee . kanita offer he a ' thumb up ' . chang smile . returns it . Julian look over . see mai take a seat . she hold he gaze . the second bell sound . the first of five round . Julian and chang walk up to the centre of the ring . the referee stand between they . bring they together . a quick look down to the Three judge . then a look between the two fighter . Julian eye chang . steely determination in he eye . chang look back at he without emotion . referee ( in thai ) fight . Julian and chang circle each other . Julian move in to attack first . he throw a straight leave first to chang 's face and step he leave foot forward at the same time . chang bend he right leg , dodging the attack . he then pounce on the upper part of Julian 's arm with he right hand and catch he wrist with he leave hand . he try to turn Julian 's front wrist up , but Julian 's too strong . this be a surprise for chang . he break and step back . Julian move in to attack again , raise both elbow to make a attack on chang 's head . chang step forward and pull a uppercut , connect hard with Julian 's chin . Julian move back , daze . take a moment to get he bearing back . that hurt . chang do not take the opportunity to attack . he hang back . wait for Julian to come at he again . this piss Julian off . he move forward and throw a offensive kick with he right foot . chang move back to dodge the attack and swivel to try and strike with a counter attack . he move too slow . the right foote attack be a feint . Julian slam he right foot down on the floor and use it to swivel , unleash a kick with he leave which connect with chang 's jaw and send he fly back . Julian use he forward motion to propel he onwards . he bound over to the disorient chang and hit he with a series of jab and punch to he upper body and face . chang 's almost on the rope . Julian come in hard with kick to the shin with he right foot . chang bend he body to pass under Julian 's right foot . Julian miss the target . chang manage to place he right foot on Julian 's leave knee - joint which make he fall down . Julian 's in a vulnerable position , but chang do not move to make the killer blow . he step back to let he recover . again this enrage Julian . he get up and move forward towards chang . he come in with a high right kick . again chang manage to dodge the attack and return with a right foot to the back of Julian 's leave knee . Julian swivel , punch air , and get a trio of punch in he gut . his guard 's down . but again no killer punch . julian come on . chang retreat . shrug at Julian . you come on . Julian move towards he , but before he get a chance to take out he frustration , the bell go . end of round one . Julian stalk back to he corner . he turn to look at chang , a look of intense anger and frustration . CUT to : int . thai boxing ring - night Julian move towards the middle where chang be already wait . Julian wait for chang this time . chang be reluctant to attack . a wait game ... who will strike first ... chang win . Julian move to kick chang in the rib , keep both he hand down as he move in . chang predict this and prepare to throw he own kick as it come in . chang step back , but again Julian swivel , use he right foot instead to pivot and unleash a killer strike with he leave foot . chang go fly backwards . pick out the look of concern etched on the face of nadee and kanita . chang recover but Julian move in fast with a series of punch and elbow . chang 's on the rope now and get badly beat . he cling on to Julian to limit the damage . referee ( in thai ) break . the two fighter step back from each other . chang 's face be damage . juilan 's about to get stick into he again when the bell sound . end of the second round . round three : Julian slamm punch into chang . nadee comforting kanita . telling she it will be okay . chang respond with kick and elbow . defensive block and counter attack . mai willing Julian on . Jenna watch with Gordon ... end of round : Julian feel more confident . again he eye scan the crowd . this time he see what he 's look for : Jenna . chang eyeball Julian from the other corner . see he stare into the crowd . look over . tries to see what he 's look at but can not make it out . Pov from chang as he see Jenna make she way toward Julian . when she get to he we see she say something to Julian about the fight - urging he to hit harder ... Jenna then walk back to Gordon ... on chang . deep in think . he get up early . walk around the ring . look into the crowd . Jenna see he . stare at he . suddenly nervous . everything slow down as chang clock she again . the colour of the room change from blue to yellow to red . he 's see she and she know she 's be see . and he know . and she know that he know ... the bell go off . back to reality . chang turn round . too late . he get a massive blow to he head . he go down hard . the referee start count . nadee and kanita watch on , fearful . Jenna hold she breath . hopeful that he might be down and out . Kim watch on , concerned . kim ( in thai ) get up . please get up . after a long , terrible pause ... chang get up . he look over into the crowd . make eye contact with he wife . it 's okay . she shake she head . she can not bear it . tear run down she face . back on he foot , chang suddenly drop he guard . Julian hesitates , confuse . chang lean in close to he . wink . chang it be not you , be it ? Julian shrug , put he guard up . chang ( cont 'd ) you be innocent . julian what be you talk about ? chang it 's not you fault . chang raise he arm again . ready to fight . Julian get ready to attack but something 's change . the fire 's go out of he . he look over to he mother , to mai , chang 's word echoing in he mind . it 's not he fault . then chang come in with a flurry of punch . Left , right , leave , right . Julian just take they ... chang pause in the onslaught . Julian stay motionless in the middle of the ring . chang run at he , fling he right foot , swivel , pull out a roundhouse leave kick - - which make contact with Julian 's draw . slow motion as Julian 's head take the impact . he 's out cold before he hit the floor . CUT to : black . fade in : int . corridor - night Jenna hurry down the corridor . she reach the dress room door . she 's about to knock but she stop . she open the door silently and let herself in . CUT to : int . changing room - night Julian 's sit on the treatment table , he face cover in cut and bruise ... Jenna watch he in silence from the shadow , steady she breathe and then slip back out of the room . CUT to : int . corridor - night Jenna come out of the change room as mai approach . Jenna shake she head . jenna he do not want to see anyone . mai be disappointed . do not know what to say . jenna ( cont 'd ) just give he time ... mai ... tell he I come ? jenna of course . Jenna hug mai close . jenna ( cont 'd ) we will get he through this together . CUT to : int . changing room - night Julian turn when he hear a knock at the door . say nothing . Jenna enter and close the door behind she . she stand there for a moment as if consider what to say ... jenna you deserve to win . you should have won -- julian give it a break mum . just ... give it as rest . he step into the light . she reach out to touch he . jenna I will never get use to see you get hurt - even when you win . julian yeah , well I lose . jenna and do it make a difference ? Julian say nothing . jenna ( cont 'd ) I want to know ... do it make a difference ? slowly he shake he head . julian ... no ... it do not make a difference ... no difference at all . jenna and how do you feel now ? julian nothing . I do not feel anything at all . jenna do not you see , that 's how I feel when billy die ... Julian study he mother . julian what do you want , mum ? beat . jenna what d' you think I want ? I want it to be like it use to be ... I do not want to lose you ... Jenna start cry . could be real , could be a act - hard to tell she 's so good ... julian what 's wrong mum ? she shake she head . can not say it . julian ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? jenna he know ... he know it be I . julian who do ? beat . Jenna say nothing . Julian think ... cog turn ... julian ( cont 'd ) chang ? Jenna nod . julian ( cont 'd ) what do you do , mum ? what do you do ? Jenna make she hand into a pistol . pretend to fire it into she skull . she try to have chang kill . Julian 's speechless . jenna he 's go to come after I . and after he 's come after I , he 's go to come after you . Julian stare at he mother ; fragile , terrify , alone . jenna ( cont 'd ) I be scared , Julian . Julian stare at he mother . jenna ( cont 'd ) what be we go to do ? Julian begin to realize what he have to do ... and he look at he hand . finally ... julian we will be okay - I will do it , I will take he out ... jenna not just he . we have get to take they all out . Julian stare at she - the power she have over he ... jenna ( cont 'd ) kill they all . the final solution . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen - night chang , nadee and kanita be have a nice dinner - happy that chang win and enjoy each other 's company in silence ... CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kanita's bedroom chang tuck in he daughter . nadee watch from the doorway . kanita still have some doll on she bed . he start take they off . notice one of they be break . chang ( in thai ) what happen to the princess ' head ? kanita ( in thai ) the monster be angry . they bit it off . chang ( in thai ) I think the King banish they all from he kingdom ? kanita ( in thai ) this be new monster . the wood be full of they . chang hold the break princess ' body . a sudden wave of fear wash over he . a sense of doom . kanita ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) what 's wrong dad ? chang ( in thai ) nothing 's wrong . go to sleep . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen chang speak on the phone . chang ( in thai ) they be go to come after I ... okay . good . he end the call . stare at he reflection in the window . CUT to : int . chang' apartment / MAIN bedroom - night chang get into bed next to he wife . switch off the light . the two of they be bath in moonlight . he hold he wife 's hand . CUT to : int . car - day it 's still early - the sun be only just start to rise over he city . Charlie ling 's drive , ko Sam beside he . Julian 's in the back street . his face be a mask , he eye hide by he sunglass ... next to he be a silver shine motorcycle helmet . CUT to : in . chang' apartment / kitchen - day chang be eat breakfast as he watch a western on tv . CUT to : ext . thai shopping STREET - day nadee and kanita walk through the various stall buy grocery . CUT to : int . chang' apartment - day chang be dress - finish put on he tie - ready for the day . he walk into he sit room as he hear he mobile ring . chang ( in thai ) hello ... voice ( in thai ) she be in she room ... chang ( in thai ) you sure it 's she ? voice ( in thai ) yes ... chang ( in thai ) good ... see you very soon . ...and chang hang up ... the angel of Vengeance get ready to strike again . CUT to : int . chang' apartment build - day chang step out of he apartment into the hallway where a uniform policeman sit on guard read a manga comic . chang ( in thai ) what 's you name ? li hom ( in thai ) Li Hom . chang ( in thai ) listen Li Hom . you see anyone you do not like ... you call I , okay ? Li Hom nod . chang leave . li hom ( in thai ) and by the way ... chang turn . li hom ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) congratulation . last night . everyone in the station 's talk about it . chang nod . leave . CUT to : int . / ext . car - day the car 's park outside Gordon 's apartment block . Gordon 's not show . Julian 's call he ... julian we be outside . gordon ( v.o. ) sorry mate , something 's come up . Julian pause . can not believe it . julian I need you here . right now . gordon ( v.o. ) I know but ... I be busy . what I be do , it 's important . I be sorry mate . Julian 's incredibly frustrated but have not get time to argue . julian okay . Julian kill he phone . he 's still for a moment , then : julian ( cont 'd ) let 's make a move . CUT to : ext . four season be HOTEL - day chang and the cop walk into the hotel . chang head for the elevator while Kim approach reception . chang call the lift and wait . Kim come back . kim they wont disturb we . chang nod . the elevator door open . chang what floor ? kim top. CUT to : int . elevator - day chang and the cop be stand in the elevator wait to get off . Elevator music play ... CUT to : int . chang' apartment - day Julian be walk around chang 's apartment ... look at all family picture ... get a sense of how they live . he open drawer and closet and study all the photo of chang as a boxer and soldier . ...on a wall be a frame article in thai that Charlie ling be read . julian what 's it say ? Charlie start read the article out : charlie ling " box cop hero back from grave " . one of bangkok 's finest , blah blah blah , come out of a coma that last for a entire year , waking up as if nothing have happen ... wife be really happy , blah blah blah ... " it 's hard to describe " chang say , " but I do feel different . " Charlie start to sneer as he read . Julian be listen intently . charlie ling ( cont 'd ) " I experience something metaphysical , impossible to explain ... I travel to many place and see many thing ... and when I wake up I be no longer the man I once be ... " julian the angel of Vengeance . CUT to : int . chang' apartment build - day nadee and kanita come out of the elevator and nadee quickly see that police guard from before have be replace by someone else ( ko Sam ) ... ko Sam smile ... ko SAM ( in thai ) I be the new guard . please , go on in . nadee look at he suspiciously but enter the apartment with kanita . ko Sam pretend to go back to read he manga comic . CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / jenna' room - day Jenna sip tea from a China cup . she put it back down on to she saucer . Kim be sit opposite she . chang stand in the background . jenna I come here to collect my son 's body . now it 's release , my business in bangkok be complete . kim when be you leave ? jenna tonight . kim and you other son - be he go with you ? jenna I have have no real contact with Julian since he run away . kim you watch he fight . Jenna look over to chang . jenna I watch he lose . and he deserve to . you be the better fighter . my only sadness be that billy get catch up in what he 's do out here . and pay for it with he life . Kim and the rest of the crew take this in . jenna ( cont 'd ) I will never testify against my own flesh and blood , Officer chang . but he 's a killer . chang sense something . start to become agitate . jenna ( cont 'd ) ... it pain I to say it , but my own son be a killer . he kill a cop back in England ten year ago . he 's be on the run ever since . I say son ... but he have not be a son to I . chang stare at the door to the bedroom . feel the presence of someone the other side of the door . jenna ( cont 'd ) not for a long time . not since he kill that cop back home ... that be ten year ago . he 's be run ever since . and he will never stop until he 's catch . until you catch he . chang start to push the door open ... behind he Jenna stand up . before chang fully open the door , he mobile phone ring . it sound incredibly loud . he take it out and look at the display with a feel of dread . he answer ... chang ( in thai ) hello nadee ( v.o. ) ( in thai ) it 's I ... do you change the guard ? CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen - day nadee be in the kitchen put away the grocery as she be speak with chang ... chang ( v.o. ) ( in thai ) no . nadee ( in thai ) someone else be out there now ... CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / jenna' room - day chang begin to panic . his eye fall upon Jenna . chang ( in thai ) get out of the apartment ... CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen nadee hear 's kanita call for she from the live room . nadee ( in thai ) hold on ... CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / jenna' room - day chang scream down the phone : chang ( in thai ) get out of the apartment ! CUT to : int . chang' apartment / kitchen - day ... but nadee be hold the phone against she chest and can not hear chang as she walk into the live room ... CUT to : int . chang' apartment / live room - day ... where Julian be sit on the couch wear the motorcycle helmet , a shotgun on he lap . kanita be stand in the middle of the room , stare at Julian . Charlie ling lean against the opposite wall , a pistol in he hand . nadee remain silent , try to think fast . CUT to : int . four season be HOTEL / jenna' room - day chang listen to the phone , know something 's wrong . Jenna stare at he , defiant . they eye lock briefly . but chang have not get time for this . he barge past she and out of the room . CUT to : int . four season' HOTEL / corridor - day the camera track with chang as he run down the corridor in total desperation . CUT to : int . chang' apartment build - day the camera zoom towards the main door . CUT to : int . chang' apartment - day close on nadee who stare at the main door then slowly turn back to Julian . she know they be trap . beat . nadee ( in thai ) kanita - go to you room . but kanita stand still - fear in she eye . nadee ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) ... go to you room now . and slowly kanita walk towards she room as Charlie ling watch she ... kanita close the door . beat - silence ... Julian stand up and walk toward nadee - raise he shotgun and blow she head off . blood spatter onto the wall , bit of brain and skull everywhere as she body fall to the ground ... CUT to : ext . bangkok street - day chang stop in he track . it 's as if he can feel the shotgun blast in he heart . he know what 's just happen ... he stand still . he close he eye as if he have only to wish to make it all go away ... he open they again to see ... the street be completely desert . chang stand alone in the middle of a ghost town . CUT to : int . chang' apartment - day Julian take off he helmet that 's cover in blood , throw it onto the floor and walk toward the front door . charlie ling wait ... Julian turn back . Charlie ling nod towards kanita 's room . charlie ling ( cont 'd ) the kid . Julian shake he head . julian no way . charlie ling she say -- julian who say ? beat . julian ( cont 'd ) my mother ? Charlie ling nod . julian ( cont 'd ) what kind of a mother say that ? charlie ling if you have get a problem , talk to she . julian no . we be not do it . charlie ling you do not have to . I will . Charlie ling kick open the door . Julian realise he can not let he do it . and as Charlie ling see kanita ... Julian shoot he in the back . Charlie ling slump to the floor . Julian approach the doorway . he look in . see kanita sit on she bed . she stare at Julian , Charlie ling 's dead body at he foot . they hold each other 's gaze ... and then Julian slowly bow he head and leave ... CUT to : int . chang' apartment build - day Julian walk out of the apartment with the shotgun raise , expect to shoot ko Sam ... but the hallway be empty ... CUT to : ext . bangkok street - day Julian stumble out of the apartment , desperately catch he breath . he end up lean on a stall - similar to the one he knock over outside choi yan Lee 's kiosk . candle and incense . buddha 's smile back at he ... Julian look around he and again everything seem intense and incredibly vibrant ... a group of school child , all of whom be downs syndrome , be crossing the road . smile plaster across they face ... Julian stare at they ... they presence seem to have a calming effect on he , as if they be give he new energy to do what he 's start to realize he have to do next . CUT to : int . chang be house - day chang stare at the body of he dead wife . perfectly still . his crew in the background ... CUT to : int . four season' HOTEL / reception - day Julian walk across towards the lift , the shotgun hide inside he shirt . CUT to : int . lift - day lift music . Julian stand perfectly still in the lift as it go up ... just like chang do before ... CUT to : int . corridor - day as Julian walk down the corridor he take the shotgun out - hold it out in front of he as if it be a sacred weapon ... he reach the door to he mother 's room and pause . Julian stare at the door as if it be heaven 's gate ... he load the shotgun with two fresh cartridge . julian only God forgive . and now mother - you will die ... he ring the bell , raise the shotgun , ready to shoot . the door open - - but it 's Gordon who open it , dress in a bathrobe . confused , Julian continue to level the weapon at he head . Gordon back away into the room . gordon easy ... Julian say nothing . edge into the room . the gun still point at Gordon 's head . Julian say nothing . kick the door close with he foot . julian where 's be she ? gordon she 's go ... picked up billy 's body ... she 's go home . finally Julian lower the shotgun . gordon ( cont 'd ) do not she tell you ? Julian sit down . gordon ( cont 'd ) you alright mate ? d' you want something ? Julian mumble to himself ... then turn to Gordon . realisation dawn on he : julian I be so fuck ... CUT to : int . police station / interview room - day kanita sit in a chair , she father stand behind she . very formal . Kim be show she various head shot of criminal ... kanita shake she head until chang put down a picture of Julian . she look up at she father - nod ... CUT to : int . car - day Jenna gaze out of the window . she take out she compact and adjust she make up . CUT to : ext . bangkok - day Jenna 's taxi head over the mega Bridge , take she away towards the airport . CUT to : int . underground carpark - day Gordon and Julian walk towards Gordon 's car , the sound of they footstep ricochete off the concrete wall . reaching the car , Gordon stand by the driver 's door as Julian head for the passenger 's side . Gordon pause before unlock the door . look over to Julian , talk across the roof of the car . gordon we be good mate be not we ? beat . Julian 's instantly suspicious ... julian ... yeah . gordon I be sorry about this Julian . I wish there be another way ... Gordon level a pistol at Julian 's head . julian what do she say ? what do she promise you ? gordon do not make this harder -- gunshot . a bullet rip through Julian 's shoulder . he fall back on the car behind he set off a chorus of car alarm . Gordon start to walk round to deliver the killer blow . gordon ( cont 'd ) you have become a liability . you can see that , can not you ? Julian look at the wound . it 's deep but he 's not totally incapacitate . he pull the shotgun out from under he shirt . it clatter to the floor . gordon ( cont 'd ) and now she want I to take over . she want I to be the favour son . what be I suppose to say ? Julian sink to he knee , lean over to pick up the shotgun . he 's get second ... gordon ( cont 'd ) I do not want it to end like this . first I fuck you mother . then I -- Gordon turn the corner - but Julian 's in position . two shot in quick succession . both barrel fire at Gordon 's chest . the force of the explosion fling Gordon 's body against the far wall of the car park . Dead instantly . Julian pull himself up and stand there , the smoking shotgun act as a makeshift crutch . he gaze at Gordon 's steaming corpse , appal by the turn of event ... CUT to : ext . alleyway - day Julian fall out into a side street . he 's badly wounded but he 's go to make it ... CUT to : int . toilet - day Julian take the top off a vodka bottle with he tooth . he pour the spirit over he wound . it sting like hell and Julian scream in agony . CUT to : ext . bangkok street - dusk Julian walk out into the night , the neon glow turn the street into a modern day hade .... although the wound be not life threaten , Julian 's face be pale from the loss of blood . he look like a ghost . he see two cop chat on a street corner . they do not see he , they be not even look for he , but they remind he . chang . it 's just a matter of time ... Julian keep walk . wipe sweat from he face . look for a place to hide . a hole in the ground . anything . then suddenly it come to he . a single idea . a possible way of escape ... CUT to : int . kitchen - night a series of napkin be roll and place in a steadily grow pile . the work be be carry out by mai who have a lowly position in a massive and sterile industrial kitchen . not the sort of life she plane on have ... a co- Worker call out to she ... CO -worker ( in thai ) mai . some guy 's out there ask for you . mai finish the last napkin and place it on the pile . she walk towards the exit , pass she co-worker ... CO - worker ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) do not forget it 's suppose to be my break next . CUT to : int . hallway - night mai come from round a corner and see Julian lean against the wall . she check that they be alone , know instinctively that he 's in trouble . mai what happen to you ? beat . Julian almost smile . julian I have get to get out of bangkok . do not want to leave ... he wince . julian ( cont 'd ) ... without say goodbye . mai who do this to you ? a pause . julian my mother ... she make I what I be . and now I have get nothing . and they be after I . mai stare at he . mai come with I ... Julian look at she . mai ( cont 'd ) ...to Cambodia - we can hide there ... you will be safe there . mai and Julian smile at each other . it 's sweet . innocent . julian I get about twelve grand at the club ... should be enough to get we there . set ourselves up . disappear ... mai now ? julian right now . mai look around - they be alone . mai wait outside ... CUT to : int . / ext . restaurant - night Julian watch as mai come into the Restaurant from the kitchen and walk over to the bar area ... make sure no one 's watch , mai start to pull money out of the till ... Julian look over at the shop front next to he ... a Travel Agency . picture of holiday and beach . paradise . it all seem in he grasp . mai come up to he ... mai let 's go . CUT to : int . taxi - night mai and Julian be in the taxi . he put he arm around she . they be on they way ... CUT to : ext . thai boxing club - night the taxi pull up outside juilan 's club . CUT to : int . taxi - night Julian get out of the taxi . julian stay here . if I be not out in five minute ... go. mai nod . mai five minute . Julian nod and slam the door shut . mai watch juilan disappear into the building . CUT to : int . thai boxing club - night we pan through Julian 's empty club . it 's silent and empty like a tomb ... we pick up Julian as he hurry through towards he office . CUT to : int . back room - night back where we first meet he ... Julian fling open the door to he safe and start pull wad of money into a canvas hold all . he 's about to leave when he notice someone stand in the shadow behind he . slowly , out of the darkness , a series of figure appear like vampire ... chang and the cop . impossible to say how long they have be stand there ... chang and Julian stare at each other ... chang let 's go . we track in to a close shot on Julian . it 's almost as if this moment be inevitable . CUT to : ext . thai boxing club - night chang bring Julian out of the club . a police car be wait outside . mai sit in the back seat . CUT to : ext . bangkok - night the police car drive through the city street and onto the freeway head out of town . CUT to : int . police car - night daeng be drive . Kim sit next to he . daeng look into the rearview mirror to see -- Julian and mai sit next to chang . mai look scared ... Julian more accept of he fate ... CUT to : ext . bangkok - night the Police car head over the mega Bridge and continue its way out of town . CUT to : int . car - night they all sit in the car in silence . CUT to : ext . countryside - dawn the Police car pull up . CUT to : ext . field - night chang lead juilan across the field . the cop follow a few step behind with mai. suddenly , and completely unexpectedly , chang punch Julian in the gut ... Julian fall to the floor and chang start to viciously attack he , punch and kick he . finally Julian , unable to defend himself , be lie on the ground , immobile . chang ( in thai ) get up . Julian roll over . eye chang . slowly he start to get up onto he knee . they continue , chang force Julian to crawl as they make they way further into the field . then chang stop ... chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) get up . now . Julian struggle to get up to he foot , but before he do , chang kick he hard in the chest , send he back down to the floor . julian I be sorry ... chang ( in thai ) do you have anything to say ? julian do not hurt she . he kick he in the stomach . chang ( in thai ) do you have anything to say ? julian I be sorry ... chang kick he again - like you would kick a dog ... juilan groan . chang squat down next to he . chang ( in thai ) what do you expect I to do ? julian I do not know ... I be sorry . chang get up and walk on . he stop and turn round . chang ( in thai ) come on . Julian stumble to he foot . the party continue . we see that one of the crew be carry a axe . CUT to : ext . field / high point - dawn a couple of wild dog watch as we group reach a high point . chang look down at Julian who be lie on the ground . the crew stand in the background with mai. chang sit next to Julian . chang ( in thai ) when you be bear - what 's the first thing you remember see ? a beat as Julian struggle to understand chang 's question ... chang stare at he . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) what do you remember ? beat . julian Dark ... darkness . chang look at he in a strange way - like this answer have some meaning for he . chang ( in thai ) and do you ever see light ? Julian shake he 's head . julian no ... never . chang consider this answer for a long moment . he get up and return to mai - stare at she .... chang ( in thai ) I be the angel of Vengeance ... I restore order and karma . I love all live thing ... mai just stare at he - too frighten to move . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) ... I want you to walk away from here now ... do you understand ? mai nod . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) good . chang smile at she . chang ( cont 'd ) ( in thai ) go with God . mai turn and leave . chang watch she disappear into the field . chang take the axe off phaiban and turn back to Julian . CUT to : ext . field - dawn mai walk through the field , alone . CUT to : ext . field / high point - dawn chang lean down next to Julian and whisper something into Julian 's ear - so softly that we can not hear it . whatever it say it instantly have a effect on Julian . he visibly relax . he do not make a sound as he 's hold down . a plastic strap be tie around he arm as a tourniquet . his arm be pull out . chang swing the axe and chop off first he leave hand and then he right . Julian grit he tooth throughout . do not scream . chang pick up the severe hand and throw they to the wild dog . the dog tear into the meat , fight over they prize . CUT to : ext . field - dawn chang and he man walk back towards the car . music kick in once again ... the karaoke version of John Denver 's country and western ballad ... chang ( v.o. ) almost heaven , West Virginia Blue ridge mountain shenandoah river - life be old there older than the tree younger than the mountain growin ' like the breeze . CUT to : ext . bangkok - day we see various scene of every day life in bangkok . chang ( v.o. ) country road , take I home to the place I belong West Virginia , mountain momma take I home , country road CUT to : ext . school - day we see kid wait outside the school for they parent to pick they up . kanita spot chang , run towards he and they embrace . chang ( v.o. ) all my memory gather round she miner lady , stranger to blue water Dark and dusty , paint on the sky misty taste of moonshine teardrops in my eye . chang and kanita disappear into a crowd of policeman . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night chang be in he element . sing like a cowboy . chang country road , take I home to the place I belong West Virginia , mountain momma take I home , country road .. the cop sit and watch he . they leader ... they God ... CUT to : int . hospital - day Julian be lie in hospital . bandage cover the terrible wound where he hand once be . mai be sit beside he . spoon feed he food . chang ( v.o. ) I hear my voice in the mornin ' hour she call I the radio remind I of my home far away and drivin ' down the road I get a feelin ' that I should have be home yesterday , yesterday CUT to : ext . heathrow airport - day a aeroplane land . chang ( v.o. ) country road , take I home to the place I belong int . custom - day Jenna be in the process of be strip searched by the authority . Zero dignity . chang ( v.o. ) West Virginia , mountain momma take I home , country road as one of the custom 's officer put on a rubber glove , Jenna start to scream out obscenity at they . mask off , a real monster underneath , flail around for all to see . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night chang keep sing . chang country road , take I home to the place I belong West Virginia , mountain momma take I home , country road take I home , country road take I home , country road and we end close on chang . with the sense that the ' country road ' have kind of take both of they home ... CUT to : the end