only lover left alive by Jim jarmusch 21st July , 2011 record picture company Ltd. pandora filmproduktion 24 hanway Street balthasarstr . 79 -81 London , w1t 1 uh cologne 50670 tel : +44 20 7636 2251 tel : +49 221 97 33 20 fax : +44 20 7636 2261 fax : +49 221 97 33 29 e-mail : rpc@recordedpicture.com only Lovers Left alive set against the romantic desolation of Detroit and tangier , a underground musician , deeply depressed by the direction of human activity , reunite with he resilient and enigmatic lover . they love story have already endure several century at least , but they debauch idyll be soon disrupt by she wild and uncontrollable young sister . can this wise but fragile outsider continue to survive as the modern world collapse around they ? only lover left alive cast adam - Tom hiddleston the avenger ( 2012 ) War horse ( 2011 ) Midnight in Paris ( 20n ) thor ( 2011 ) eve - tilda swinton we need to talk about Kevin ( 2011 ) 1 be Love ( 2009 ) Michael Clayton ( 2007 ) Broken Flowers ( 2005 ) ava - Mia wasikowska restless ( 2011 ) Jane eyre ( 2011 ) Alice in wonderland ( 2010 ) the kid be all right ( 2010 ) marlowe - John hurt tinker , tailor , soldier , spy ( 2011 ) Harry Potter and the deathly hallow 1 & 2 ( 2010 / 2011 ) Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ( 2008 ) V for vendetta ( 2006 ) ian - Anton yelchin Star Trek / Star Trek 2 ( 2009 / 2013 ) terminator salvation ( 2009 ) New York , | Love you ( 2009 ) '' some night stay up ' till dawn , as the moon sometimes do for the sun . '' - rumi 13th century detroit . int . adam 's livingroom - night see from overhead , a 45rpm record spin on a batter vintage record player . the needle skip repeatedly at the end of the 45 . also see from overhead , a man [ adam ] sit on a wear red velvet sofa , he head back , eye close . this image begin slowly turning clockwise . adam be pale and thin , appear to be in he early or mid 30 's , but with a ageless , almost preserve quality . his clothes be a time - warp from the mid ' 60 London rock ’n’roll style , with dark , messy hair ( ala sid Barrett ) . in contradiction , he delicate white hand cradle a renaissance lute across he lap . the image , now wider , stop turning , leave adam vertically compose . his wear , red sofa be a island in a sea of old recording equipment : amplifier , microphone , tape -machine , and many stringe instrument of all variety -- mostly old electric guitar . record tape and more vintage equipment be stack inside the fireplace and on its mantle . the record continue skip on the turntable . CUT to : tangier . int . eve 's apartment - night at the center of a overhead image which be slowly turning clockwise , a woman [ eve ] be lie on a bed . she be on she back , fully clothed , eye close , she hand symmetrically cross over she chest . she appear to be in she late 30 's or early 40 's but , like adam , there be something ageless about she . she wear vintage white denim jacket and match slim jeans , and boot . her hair be pale blonde , she skin a luminous white , and lip color deep red with lipstick . the image , now wider , stop turning leave she vertically compose on she island - like bed . the apartment be a single large open room with bedroom , kitchenette , dining area , and foyer . 2 . eve be lie on a darkly iridescent moroccan fabric . she remain completely motionless . even she breathe be not perceptible . berber carpet cover the floor around she . a gentle breeze move darkly pattern curtain as faint sound of the night drift in from the balcony : footstep , voice speak french and Arabic , a loud Arabic pop song from the radio of a move car ... eventually a distant call to prayer be audible . eve 's eye spring open . they be electric blue and completely alert , retain no trace of sleep . she abruptly sit upright and look at the vintage chanel watch on she wrist , she lively eye then glance towards the window . eve ( with a English accent ) oh , shit . she gracefully spring to she foot and move toward the door . effortlessly , she sweep a black and white head -scarf , a off - white western style stetson hat , and a vintage shoulder - bag from the surface of a elaborately inlaid table on she way out the door . CUT to : detroit . int . adam 's livingroom - night the 45rpm record continue skip on the turntable . adam , still on the sofa , head roll back , pale and thin , show no sign of life . his breathe be not perceptible . the doorbell ring . adam 's eye open . they be suddenly remarkably alert , but somehow world - weary . without lift he head he listen to the skip record . the doorbell ring again . adam ( with a English accent ) fuckin 's hell ... he sit up , then stand , in one continuous , weary motion . he make he way across the room , follow a narrow path through the instrument and equipment . pull a curtain back slightly , adam look out he window . below adam see a young man [ ian ] step back from the front door and look up at the window . the young man , dress imitatively of adam , carry a guitar case in one hand and wave up at adam with the other . 3 . adam close the curtain and move away from the window . CUT to : int . adam' staircase - night adam be reascend the stair after let ian in , who follow behind he . adam now carry the wear guitar case . ian ( with american accent ) yeah , man , I finally find it for you . hey , should I take my boot off ? they be all wet . adam I would not bother . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night the two man enter the livingroom and make they way to the rectangular coffee table in front of the sofa . adam clear the table and place the case on its surface . he flip the latch and open it . Inside be a unusual electric guitar , weathered black with age - white pick -guard : a supro from the 1950s . adam lift it from its case . he look down the guitar 's neck , then run he finger up its fretboard . adam ( quietly ) very nice , Ian . cheer . ian ( proudly ) yeah , and all the electronics and everything be original , of course . I make sure they all work . adam ( still examine the guitar ) just what the doctor order , as they say . there be a morose tone detectable in adam 's voice and movement , as he place the guitar upright on the sofa . adam ( cont would ) I shall call he William law . ian it 's male ? the two stand , look down at the guitar . adam this one be , yeah . ian and who 's William law ? adam ( distract ) oh , uh , just some old English guy . wrote some great funeral music . ( then even more distant ) then , during the English Civil War , he be casually shot by a parliamentarian ... ian oh. ( then after a longer pause ) Adam , be you , uh , you ok ? adam , mile away , sink into the sofa while ian move equipment off a nearby brocade - cover chair . ian ( cont would ) ( excitedly ) you know , you new stuff be really echoing through the underground . it 's all over the place ! ( then sit down ) I mean , I know you never want to do anything live , I understand , but man I be gettin’ more and more call with offer all the time ! one label offer a really huge advance . and I get several call about scoring film , also offer a lot of money , man . adam let 's not talk about money , shall we . do not I pay you enough ? ian no , yeah ! you pay I really well ! you buy my car , and everything . adam good . listen Ian , I do not give a shit about money . you know that . ( pause ) I be like Gomez Adams . independently wealthy ... ian glance at the shabby wall and clutter of dusty equipment surround they . ian ( sincerely ) well , maybe be so reclusive be only go to make everybody more interested in you music . adam ( after a pause ) yeah . what a drag . then I 'il just have to ...disappear ...again ... ian ( curiously ) again ? but again adam have drift off , he brood eye fix on something a thousand mile away . ian ( cont would ) uh , what be you say ? adam ( only partially return to the present ) listen , Ian , there be something you can do for I . ian sure . anything . what be it ? adam ( look off ) I need a bullet . a very special bullet . ian seriously ? adam a .32 caliber bullet , but make of wood . ian a wooden bullet ? really ? adam yes , and make from the hardest and most dense wood possible . I would suggest ironwood , lignum vitae , or possibly snakewood , piratineia guianensis . maybe African blackwood , dalbergia melanoxylon . here . I have write they down . think you can find someone who can make it for I ? he hand ian a small scrap of paper . ian look at it . ian well , uh . yeah , I think I know someone who could , uh ... ( then look up at adam ) what the hell for , though ? adam ( look over at he ) it 's for a rather secret project . a '' art '' project . adam lazily pull a stack of fold bill from somewhere and hand they to ian . ian oh ! well , let I think . and , uh , do the shell case have to be make of wood too ? I mean , do not they have to be make of brass or something ? adam yeah , they do . the shell case should be brass , but the bullet have to be pure wood . the heaviest , most dense wood . ian ok . a wooden bullet . ( then , put the cash in he coat pocket ) just one ? adam just the one , yeah . ian ok , I will get right on it . ( pause ) anything else weird that you need ? adam can you jump start my car for I ? adam stand up . ian really ? uh , sure . ( then , also stand up ) you go somewhere ? adam ( distantly ) just for a drive . adam move toward the door , put on a leather jacket in the process and pick up a wear leather doctor 's bag . ian ( now follow ) uh , should not we talk about some more music stuff ? adam ( go out the door ) let 's not , shall we ? ian ( follow he out ) well , do you want some company ? CUT to : ext . adam 's house - night on the slushy street in front of adam 's house , ian stand near the open hood of adam 's dirty white jaguar , a 1989 xj- S coupe . jumper cable connect its battery to the one in ian 's late - model BMW 3 Series . adam sit behind the wheel of he jag , turn the ignition and its engine fire up . adam cheer Ian ! let I know about that bullet , yeah ? just between we . ian ( disconnect cable ) of course . as always . ian watch the ghostly white jag pull away , a hint of fog rise off the surround slush and snow . the car disappear into a background of abandon industrial building . CUT to : ext . tangier street - night her head and face now cover by stetson hat and arab scarf , eve 's luminous blue eye lead she through the narrow corridor of the medina . though approach 5 be , the passageway still show shadowy sign of nefarious activity . several time , man emerge from darken doorway and approach eve as she pass . they speak in Arabic , or french , or English , all offer she '' something very special '' . eve , however , be unfaze , move cautiously , but somehow flow past they like water . she cross the square of the Grand socco , where man gather near several small cafe and bar . 8. some chatter to she as she move past and enter another narrow passage across the square . again descend , several woman , cover with brightly color riffian shawl , observe she curiously from the shadow as she approach the end of the passageway . it empty onto another , smaller , square : the petit socco . eve pause , eye scan the only open cafe on the square . its light sign read : one thousand and one night . eve head across the square toward the cafe 's illumination , she face still cover . CUT to : detroit . int . hospital corridor - night adam 's face be conceal by a white surgical mask , he hair pull up under a pale blue surgeon 's cap . only he intent eye be recognizable . he walk deliberately through the dingy florescence of a hospital corridor . dress in a white lab coat over pale green scrub , adam carry the outdated leather doctor 's bag in one hand , a stethoscope hang around he neck . his eye unobtrusively survey the detail around he : two oblivious male nurse talk in Spanish adjacent to a very elderly man on a gurney who be cough violently . two more gurney pass silently , they occupant completely cover by sheet , include they head . a older , haggard female nurse push the second of this . her tired eye , as though seek sympathy , glance at adam as he pass . he pause in front of a open door to a small room . Inside a nurse apply pressure to a wad of white gauze cover a wound on the leg of a recline female patient . blood be soaking into the gauze . adam 's eye fix on the seeping blood , follow several drop that fall onto the floor . his eye have widen , trigger by a primal urge that he visibly , though subtly , fight to suppress . notice he the nurse , then patient , both look over in he direction . adam collect himself and continue move down the corridor . outside another doorway , he pass a male patient in hospital gown sit catatonically in a wheelchair , a unlit cigarette in he half - open mouth . a tube run from he arm to a i.v. on a stand attach to the wheelchair . the i.v. 9 . bag appear to contain blood . again adam 's eye flash , but he keep walk . at the end of this corridor adam pass through two unmark white swinging door . Inside this area only a few doctor be visible , drink coffee and talk somberly . adam pass through another set of unmark swinging door . here , surround by several electronic machine , two male doctor talk with a attractive female in a white lab coat . one nod to adam as he pass . adam nod back , pass another man in white lab coat , asleep in a nearby chair . at the end of a short white hallway adam pause , briefly look back , before open a single white door , this one mark : restricted . CUT to : int . hospital restricted area - night adam , almost silently , enter a room line with glass - cover shelf , the shelf line with medication and restrict supplies . a single technician , a pharmacist , in white lab coat , sit at a metal table , he back turn to adam . on the table 's surface , he white glove hand utilize a flat knife - like instrument , as he deftly separate a large pile of loose capsule by color . just beyond this table , behind more glass shelf be another , smaller room . on its glass door a sign read : attention temperature control . suspend bag of plasma and blood be visible inside . Adam silently step closer watch over the man 's shoulder . the pharmacist pause for a moment , shifting to write a number on a clipboard . then , detect adam 's presence , he suddenly turn toward he . pharmacist oh , Jesus ! you half - scared the shit out of I . the jittery pharmacist swivel in he chair . he appear to be a little young than adam , with dark - frame glass and post-collegiate haircut . unlike adam , he wear a white shirt and tie under he lab coat . pharmacist ( cont would ) I have sort of be expect you recently , for some reason , Doctor uh ... Doctor who . adam take a thick stack of fold bill from a pocket and hand they to the pharmacist . 10 . after glance over adam 's shoulder toward the door , the pharmacist count the bill at lightning speed ( almost like a magic trick ) before nervously pockete they . pharmacist ( cont would ) you know , this , uh , this set - up be a bit unnerve for I . would not you consider meeting somewhere outside the hospital sometime ? instead of just appear unexpectedly like a... phantom ? adam that would require pre-arrangement . pharmacist I know , but , it would be much safer for I . adam I like to come to the source . also the mutual jeopardy make I feel safer . Excuse I , but I do not have any spare time . adam deliberately place he doctor 's bag on the metal table , he own white - glove hand hold it open . nervously the pharmacist stand up . pharmacist right , let I get you what you need , uh , doctor. ( pause ) by the way , that stethoscope you have there be practically a antique . ( then turn away ) from the 1970 , or maybe even the ' 60 ... adam ( cautiously watch the pharmacist 's back as he open the door to the inner room ) be it ? ( pause ) well , still serve its purpose . CUT to : tangier . int . thousand and one night cafe - night eve be seat at a small table near the cafe 's front window , she scarf now lower around she neck . eve glance at she watch , then out the window . a untouched glass of mint tea sit on the table in front of she . will . Beyond she be a small bar area where several man with tired eye converse laconically in Arabic . rai music float from a small radio on a shelf behind they . eve 's alert eye move again from the window to she watch , then over to the man at the bar . one of they with large , sympathetic , sleepy eye : the barman , look over at she . eve ( in Arabic to the barman ) you sure he be not here earlier ? the barman shake he head , then gesture with both hand indicate that he have no answer . just then , all head turn to the door . moment later a man enter [ marlowe ] . he be a older man , but strike ; he eye assure , but cautious . he be thin and wear a trim beard and a odd mixture of clothing represent both the late sixteenth and late twentieth century . dangle from one pale hand be two white , unmark plastic bag , like that from a pharmacy . marlowe nod to the man at the bar , who respectfully return the gesture as though greeting the owner or boss . marlowe approach eve , who smile . she rise from the small table . eve ( cont would ) hello , darling . embrace he , she kiss he cheek , then both sit down . eve ( cont would ) there 's only a hour ' till sunrise . marlowe I be aware of that , my dear . he place one of the white bag on the floor next to eve . she immediately lean over and carefully place it inside she vintage shoulder bag . eve ( again smile ) be it the really good stuff ? marlowe yes , Eve . it be . eve ( whisper ) from the french doctor ? marlowe precisely . 12 . eve ( now louder ) I be so happy to see you Christopher marlowe ! one of the man at the bar briefly glance over at they . marlowe ( quietly but very sternly ) I have tell you a thousand time to never , ever , call I that ina public place . eve ( playfully draw to he crankiness ) yes , I know , darling . but it 's so difficult to continue hide such a delicious secret . marlowe ( glance over he shoulder ) Eve , please ... eve ( again whisper , eye twinkle ) the most outrageous scandal in literary history ! marlowe ( defensively ) Eve , stop . I beg you . ( pause ) anyway , no one would believe I ... not in ... four hundred year . he begin to drift away . notice , eve reach over and place she hand on marlowe 's sleeve . after a brief pause , she pull she hand back . eve kit , have you really be wear this frock since 1590 ? he look away , a twinge of guilt briefly crossing he face . eve stand to leave , lean in to give marlowe a kiss on the cheek . eve ( cont would ) ( quietly ) I do wish we could let the world know one day . it would cause such thrill chaos . 13 . marlowe I think the world have more than enough chaos to contend with . eve perhaps you be right , Doctor faustus . she laugh as marlowe briefly glare at she . eve then go out the door , marlowe watch through the window as she pull she scarf over she face and cross the petit socco . marlowe , clasp he own white plastic bag , then also rise to leave . CUT to black over black : '' Inside water , a water wheel turn . a star circulate with the moon . '' - rumi CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam enter he livingroom , still wear green hospital scrub , but under he leather jacket and minus the lab-coat , mask , and surgeon cap . he be carry the vintage leather doctor 's bag . make he way to the coffee table , he lift off the guitar case and replace it with he doctor 's bag . open it , adam carefully unwrap something cover by the white lab coat . it 's a large , white , plastic bag , seal at the top . it make a dull thud as adam place it on the low table , indicate its weight . adam ( to himself ) ahh , finally . time to get straight . he step away , remove he jacket . as he leave the room , he be hear mumble to himself . adam ( cont would ) Doctor fuck who ... CUT to : int . eve 's apartment —- predawn eve enter she apartment , lock the door behind she and pull off she scarf . 14 . she cross the room and tie the thick curtain tightly shut . she then re-cross , approach a small , round , elaborately carve , moroccan table with two delicate velvet - cover chair on either side . pause there , she carefully lift the white plastic bag from she shoulder bag and place it on the table . her eye be alive as she open the bag . Inside be a seal white paper bag , which she in turn lift out and place on the table . it make a heavy thunk . eve ooh , the really good stuff ! she step away from the small table . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam return to he sofa , now bare - chest under a fray , dark brocade bathrobe . he be barefoot , but wear he slim ' 60 style trousers with dark vertical stripe . in one hand be a clear glass test - tube . he sit on the sofa , the back supro guitar still propped next to he , and open the white bag . he lift out one of several cylindrical , stainless steel canister . it be shape like a thermos , but taller and more slender . he delicately unscrew the steel top . CUT to : int . eve 's apartment —- predawn eve , now wear a moroccan robe with a gold pattern against black , place a delicately - stem crystal apéritif glass on the small carve table next to the white bag . sitting down , she eye indicate a childlike excitement as she open the seal , white bag . carefully she lift one of several cylindrical container from the bag . its top be stainless steel but the slender container be clear glass . Inside be a thick , dark red fluid . eye dance as she unscrew the cap , she then gently pour some of the thick fluid into the crystal apéritif glass . a platinum wedding ring be visible on she finger as she raise the glass above she head . eve here 's to you , Adam , my love . 15 . she bring the glass to she deep red lip and drink . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam hold up the test tube , now half fill with a dark red fluid . a platinum wedding ring be visible on he thin white finger . adam to you , Eve . I love you more than ... all the tea in China . he raise the test tube to he lip and drink . CUT to : int . eve 's apartment —- predawn eve wipe a drip of red fluid from the corner of she mouth with a pattern handkerchief . she then rise and float toward she bed . she pause at a low , paint chest next to the bed . on its surface be a pair of very modern look harman kardon speaker incase in glass tube and connect by a wire to a white ipod . eve 's delicate white finger press a button on the ipod 's circular control panel . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam 's hand now place another 45rpm record on one of he old turntable . he place the tonearm on the record , then step away . see from above a very relaxed adam , as though in slow motion , fall into a sit position on he sofa . his head fall back , he leg splay out in front of he . Music begin to flow from the record player [ '' funnel of Love '' by wanda Jackson ] . CUT to : int . eve 's apartment —- predawn also see from overhead and as though in slow motion , eve fall onto she bed . 16 . the same music [ '' funnel of Love '' by wanda Jackson ] fill she room . [ this overhead image begin to slowly spin clockwise ]. CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam , again see from overhead , be also now spinning slowly clockwise . montage : this two image , spin adam and spin eve , be intercut ( or possibly interdissolved ) with the spin turntable . as this image continue to spin they gradually become closer and closer until the face of adam and eve fill the screen , they eye slowly close in trance - like bliss ... fade to black . fade up to : int . eve 's apartment - night the heavy curtain across eve 's balcony be unmove , tightly fastened across the window . still wear she black and gold robe , she arrive at the curtain and open they slightly . she reach through the open for the handle of the balcony 's glass door . open they a little , she then pull the curtain open wider . eve look out over the rooftop of tangier , huddle under the black sky . a faint breeze lightly move the curtain next to she . CUT to : int . adam' livingroom - late afternoon or early evening the curtain over adam 's window be tightly draw and unmove . still wear he dark , brocade robe , he arrive at the window and gently pull on one of the gold antique cord that fasten the curtain . accidentally , the curtain briefly separate . for a fraction of a second a slit of pale light leak through , a streak of it crossing the back of adam 's hand . adam ( out loud ) oww ! shit ! he re-ty the cord , and examine he hand . a thin , red burn be visible . 17 . adam pull a black handkerchief from a nearby lamp and quickly wrap it around he wound . adam ( cont would ) ( to himself ) bloody fuckin’ hell . you have think that after a few hundred year ... CUT to : int . eve 's apartment - night still in she moroccan robe , eve fall back onto she bed . a white iphone-like device in one hand . she turn the phone on and dial a series of number . CUT to : int . adam' livingroom - late afternoon or early evening among adam 's menagerie of equipment , a phone ring . adam cross the room and locate a cordless handset on a large table pile with more equipment -- include a old crt tv screen with a camera of some kind attach on top . adam sink back into he sofa as he answer . adam yeah ? eve ( voice on phone ) hey , handsome . ( pause ) it 's I . adam ( softly into phone ) Eve ... CUT to : int . eve 's apartment - night eve ( recline on she bed , phone to she ear ) turn on you contraption so I can see you . CUT to : int . adam' livingroom - late afternoon or early evening adam be see push a switch on a box hand - wire into another box which be wire into the tv set . 18 . the tv 's screen gradually illuminate , along with a small red LED light above the camera lens on top of the tv . adam then fall back onto the sofa , phone to he ear , eye on the tv screen . eve 's face be now visible on the screen , as she apparently hold she phone device out in front of she . adam ah , there you be , my love . eve ( on screen ) hello , darling . adam hello , gorgeous . CUT to : int . eve 's apartment - night eve 's device be see in she hand , apparently hold out in front of she . Adam 's head and shoulder can be see on the device 's small rectangular screen . his eye have now soften , somehow appear more languid than before . eve ( speak off - screen ) you look tired adam ( on eve 's screen ) yeah . eve ( tenderly , on adam 's screen , she handheld camera move closer on she face ) oh , what 's the matter , baby ? ( then smile a little ) miss I too much ? adam ( on eve 's screen , after a sullen pause ) maybe ... yeah . eve ( on adam 's screen , a little less close to she camera ) ooh . but it be you idea , Adam , you '' I vont to be alone '' routine . ( she hand now on she forehead ala gretta garbo ) and it have not even be a year yet . 19 . adam ( on eve 's screen ) I be fine . eve ( voice off -screen ) you be the worst actor I have ever see . you know that ? on eve 's screen adam be see get up from the sofa and '' dramatically '' approach he camera . adam vot I vont be to bite you neck ! eve , on adam 's screen , laugh , she laughter gently shaking the image on the screen . she then randomly twirl she camera around for a moment , image of she apartment fly past , before it return to frame she face . eve ( still on adam 's screen ) oh , Adam . you know you be impossible . tell you affection starve wife what you bloody problem be , will you please ? adam , on eve' screen , sit quietly for a moment look away from the camera . adam ( still on eve 's screen ) I do not know . he look back toward the camera . off-screen eve can be hear sighing . eve ( voice off - screen ) another bad depression ? there be no response from adam . eve ( cont would ) ( voice again off - screen ) any supply problem ? adam ( on eve 's screen ) no. there be a long pause before eve speak again . eve ( voice off - screen , concerned ) be you just be dramatic ? 20 . adam , on eve 's screen , shake he head , then lower it , one hand entangle itself in he long messy hair . eve , now on adam 's screen , look directly into the lens of she device . her eye now show a combination of sadness , compassion , and concern . eve ( cont would ) ( on adam ' 's screen ) do you ... do you want to come here ? and be with I ? ( pause ) please ? adam ( on eve 's screen , look away ) oh , I have just be a albatross around you irresistible neck . eve ( now on adam 's screen ) I have a really strong neck . and it need some kind of jewelry . adam ( off-screen ) should I send pearl ? Black pearl ? eve ( on adam ' 's screen ) I still have the beautiful strand you give I two hundred year ago . anyway , right now I have prefer a nice scruffy albatross . there be another pause , neither speak for several moment . ( note : the following continue to intercut between the two video screen ] eve ( cont would ) will you please just talk to I for a minute ? adam what do you want I to say ? eve oh , Adam . you have be deeply depressed before . remember the 1820s ? and you reaction to the first World War , that do scare the shit out of I , to say nothing of the Spanish Civil War . then the 1950s ... the ' 70 ... 21 . adam yeah , definitely all deeply depress time . eve yeah , well you should have live through the fuck vandal . or the tartars . the flood , the plague . fuckin 's hell ... adam ( flatly ) sound exciting . eve ( after a pause ) what about you music ? on eve 's screen , adam sullenly survey he instrument and equipment surround he . adam I seem to be write a lot of funeral music . eve oh , Adam ... why do not you just fuck come here and kiss I ? in the past you so love tangier . ( pause ) you love the music . and that time when you friend all live here -- burrough and brion gysin . Paul bowle , Brian Jones ... adam ( quietly ) I would not make it there , Eve . eve seriously ? there be a long pause . eve ( cont would ) oh , fuck . ( pause ) alright . in 1l come . on eve 's screen adam 's avert eye return to the camera . eve ( cont would ) but I can not believe you be do this to I again . and tell I why again you be in , of all place on this planet , fuck Detroit ? on eve 's screen adam can be see shrugging and look away . 22 . adam suit my mood . I guess . ( pause ) I nil tell you one thing I love about Detroit -- you can be whatever you want here . eve well , that 's always a plus . adam other than that , I guess it 's a end of the world kind of thing ... eve you really be too much , Adam . you know I still largely blame keat and shelley for you hopelessly romantic affliction . and a few of that french asshole too . adam listen , Eve . I do not think you should come . listen to I . do not come . it 's get way too weird out there . eve yeah , well , in three thousand year momma 's see weirder time than this . ( then , half to herself ) although , not by much , I must say ... it 's just the travel that 's such a drag . ( pause ) do not worry baby . I x11 just pack the bag , ' cause we be go on a guilt trip . see on adam 's screen , eve smile and send he a kiss . adam do not come , eve. really . ( pause ) I love you more than ... all the tea in China . eve laugh and switch off she phone . from he velvet couch , adam watch the screen of he antiquated tv . it darken , gradually fade to a white dot at its center , the dot then eventually blink off . CUT to black '' you have say what you be . I be what I be . you action in my head , my head here in my hand 23 . with something circle inside . I have no name for what circle so perfectly . '' - rumi fade up to : ext . tangier street - night eve and marlowe walk arm in arm , along the place de France in the ville nouvelle section , the architecture around they still faintly echoing a decaye form of 1930s glamour . eve you sure you will be ok ? I can not stand the think of my not be a absolute necessity . I wish you could go with I , and help I drag Adam back over here . marlowe oh , god no . travel this last year , for I , be border on impossible . ( then gesture around he ) and why would I want to go anywhere else ? CUT to : ext . tangier port - night they sit down on a low wall overlook the port , a shutter and crumble Deco hotel in the shadow behind they . marlowe ( look out at the black glisten water ) I have a dream about you sister last night . ( he turn to she ) you infamous little sister ... eve you have a dream about ava ? marlowe do you even know where she be this day ? eve ( look off ) no . I have no idea . ( pause ) what happen in the dream , kit ? marlowe stare out at the water , not answer . 24 . eve ( cont would ) kit ? do you hear I ? ( pause ) hey , Christopher ! marlowe ( return ) what ? oh. I be sorry , I ... I drift away for a moment . ( he gaze again at the water ) to Italy , actually . a few hundred year ago ... eve be he painfully good look ? he turn back to she . marlowe what ? ( pause ) Eve , I know I do not need to tell you this , but please be cautious . I could not bear it if anything happen to you . eve gently put she hand on he hand . eve you do not need to worry about I , darling . marlowe alright , then . in any case , deliver my regards to that suicidally romantic scoundrel . eve I will . marlowe ( he gaze again drift away ) God , I wish I have know Adam before write hamlet . he would have provide the most perfect case - study imaginable . Eve study marlowe for a moment , as he stare off into the silvery darkness . CUT to : int . eve 's apartment —- predawn eve 's curtain be draw shut , the area around she bed illuminate by electric lamp with ornate metal moroccan shade . 25 . she sit on the bed , leg fold under she to one side , a open suitcase on the floor nearby . White mobile phone to she head , eve 's other hand sift through several dozen credit card fan out in front of she . next to they be a variety of passport and bundle of cash in pound , dollar , euros , etc . eve 's eye be bright and alert as she speak into she phone . eve ( into phone ) yes , but be there a night flight from tangier to Paris ? ( pause ) yes . that 's great . and be there any possibility of fly at night from Paris to Detroit ? ( pause ) yeah , Detroit ... ( pause ) brilliant . and what time do it arrive in Detroit ? her finger select a gold credit card . eve ( cont would ) ( into phone ) Midnight Detroit time ? oh , that sound lovely . ( she laugh ) yeah . alright then , I want to book that two flight , please , for one person . she raise the card in front of she . eve ( cont would ) ( into phone ) oh , uh ... she glance at she watch . eve ( cont would ) for tonight . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night reel of recording tape slowly turn on a vintage upright reel - to-reel machine , connect by cable to several old microphone place around the room . a single , harmonically complex and distort chord sustain in a long drine . as it fade , it start again . adam sit upright , eye close , on he sofa . he be play the black electric supro guitar . as the previous drine fade away , adam strike the guitar string again . the tone be mesmerize , like break bell hear from a distance . 26 . the doorbell ring . adam 's eye open . he strike the chord again , and again the doorbell ring , the two sound merge in harmonic dissonance . after another ring , adam let the last guitar chord fade into ringing feedback , then stand and lay the guitar on the sofa . he cross to the window and , open the curtain very slightly , look out . below , three or four young people be stand out on the street in front of adam 's house . they clothes be imitative of a previous period of Detroit rock and 'roll , suggest they be dedicated , or curious , fan of adam 's underground music . they stand near a beat - up economy car , talk . one point back towards adam 's house . adam ( to himself ) fuckin 's hell ... the '' fan '' squeeze back into they small car , slamm close its door . the car can be hear pull away as adam cross back to the sofa and sit down . his brood eye fix on the tape machine , watch the last of the tape slip from the empty reel and thread it 's final path through the tape-head . CUT to : int . airplane - night eve sit in a first class seat near the window , a empty seat next to she . as usual , she appearance be strike and she stand out dramatically from the other passenger . she wear dark glass , white denim jacket and white jeans , with she large black and white arab scarf drape around she neck . her vintage shoulder bag be cradle in she lap , on top of it she hand cradling a small antique book , open . it be a book of Shakespeare 's sonnet . eve briefly read several line , silently , which be hear in she voice over . eve ( v.0 . ) Mark how with my neglect I do dispense : you be so strongly in my purpose breed that all the world besides , I think , be dead . eve ( cont would ) ( out loud , but softly ) marlowe ... 27 . gently close the book , eve look at the window , its view onto nothing but blackness . hear a muffle grunt from across the aisle , eve turn in time to notice that a male passenger in business clothes have just cut he finger on the pull - tab of a beer can . she lower she dark glass and watch intently as a small amount of blood drip from the tiny wound onto the man 's tray - table . fix on the blood , she eye flare briefly as she watch the passenger wrap he finger in a white paper napkin , a bit more blood soaking into it . after a moment , she reluctantly turn she head away and reposition she dark glass . just then , a announcement in french be hear over the plane 's speaker . announcement ( in french ) we will soon begin we descent into orly International Airport . please remain in you seat with seat - belt fastened . thank you . as eve place the small book inside she shoulder bag , a female flight attendant make she way down the aisle , check seat- belt and seat- back position . she pause briefly next to eve 's seat , address she cheerfully . flight attendant ( in English with a pronounce french accent ) oh , I really like you scarf . you know this be now very chic in Paris ! eve be it ? oh . thank you . the flight attendant smile , nodd , and move off down the aisle . when she be out of sight , eve briefly glance in she direction , then quickly unwind she scarf from she neck and contrarily stuff it into the bag on she lap . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam , in he bathrobe , be sit on he sofa quietly strumm a antique acoustic guitar . after a few moment , the doorbell ring . adam ( to himself ) shit ... 28. it ring again , and adam stand and cross to the window . below , adam see ian step back from the door and look up toward he . adam close the curtain , and move away from the window . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam stand at the door to the hallway staircase ian 's ascend footstep audible . adam motion he in , as ian enter the room , catch he breath . ian I do not wake you , do I ? adam shake he head as the two cross the room , adam sink into the sofa , ian sit on the edge of a cluttere chair . ian ( cont would ) yeah . no . I mean , I know to only come by at night . adam look at he , vaguely irritate . ian ( cont would ) ( quickly reach into he pocket ) oh ! I get it for you ! ian retrieve a small velvet bag , like that from a jeweler . he quickly stand , hand it over to adam . ian ( cont would ) ( as adam open the small bag and empty its content into he hand ) a wooden bullet , .32 caliber . adam gently roll the bullet in he palm -- a dark , polished wooden bullet in a brass jacket . ian ( cont would ) it 's cocobolo . adam ( examine the bullet ) yeah , dalbergia retusa . ian ( proudly ) for you art project ! ( pause ) the guy make it for I , no question ask . he say the wood be so dense it sink in water . I think they use it on guitar sometimes . 29 . adam that 's true . adam close he fist around the wooden bullet , and look over at ian . adam ( cont would ) perfect . thank you , Ian . ian no problem , man . adam pull a wad of bill from the pocket of he robe and hand it to ian . ian ( cont would ) ( take the cash ) oh , no , man . you already pay I for ... adam gesture , and ian be quiet . ian quickly pocket the money . ian ( cont would ) thanks . ( pause ) everything else ok ? adam listen , there be some , like , rock and 'roll kid ringing my doorbell last night . ian really ? but how could they possibly know where ... adam ( cut he off ) I do not know , but it 's not cool . ian of course not ! it 's fuck up . ( pause ) but do not worry . I be gonna ... I be gonna spread some rumor . you know , very cautiously , about where you might live . you know , throw they way off the track . adam stand up . adam yeah , well , whatever . listen , I need to ... 30 . ian ( spring up excitedly ) but , man , it 's like there 's a new scene about to happen in Detroit ! I can feel it , man . adam move toward the door , ian follow , still talk excitedly . ian ( cont would ) it 's gonna happen again ! I mean , back in the old day we have the White stripe , the dirtbomb , Detroit cobras , the von bondy , Brendan benson ... adam ( cut he off ) please , Ian . now you be really start to freak I out . let 's calm down . ( pause ) I ’11l see you later . I have something to attend to . ian ( wind down ) oh . oh , yeah , sure . adam usher he out the door . ian ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ( descend the stair ) see you soon , then . adam wait , until the heavy door can be hear close behind ian downstairs . CUT to : int . adam' bedroom - night adam sit on he heavy , carve , antique bed in the bedroom of he house . much like he livingroom , this room be also cluttere , heavily curtain , its decor mixing several century . its dark wall be line with frame reproduction of portrait of artist , musician , writer and scientist . adam look down at he hand , which hold a silver plate , .32 caliber revolver with pearl handle . he uncurl he other fist , revealing the wooden bullet , case in brass . flip over the pistol 's revolve magazine , adam slide the wooden bullet into one of the six empty chamber . with another flip of he wrist , the magazine click back into place . 31 . adam take a deep breath , then spin the revolve magazine . when it stop spin he turn the gun , place the end of its barrel on he chest , aim directly into he heart . adam close he eye and gently pull the trigger . the hammer click loudly against a empty chamber . after a moment adam open he eye , slowly lowering the gun from he chest . CUT to black . over black : '' whoever find love beneath hurt and grief disappear into emptiness with a thousand new disguise . '' - rumi fade up to : ext . adam 's house - night a taxi be stop in front of adam 's house , just beyond he dirty but elegant , white jaguar xj - S . the street be cover in ice and grey slush . eve , again with hat and scarf and shoulder - bag , stand next to the driver . he wear a wear parka and lift she suitcase from the open trunk . driver ( in Arabic ) well , welcome to Detroit . eve ( in Arabic , hand he money ) thank you . driver ( in Arabic , get back into the cab ) May Allah bless you . eve ( in English ) May the great mystery bless we all . as the taxi pull away down the freeze street , eve pause to look up at adam 's house . Soft light barely leak through the draw curtain cover the upstairs window . eve 's hand affectionately graze adam 's jag as she pass . eve ( cont would ) ( smile to herself ) ah yes , 1989 . 32 . she open the gate and , enter the yard , stop suddenly , freezing in place . a large raccoon look up at she through mask eye as it cross the walkway lead to adam 's door . eve ( cont would ) ( identify the animal by its Latin name ) oh. procyon lotor . the raccoon lumber off , disappear into the shadow . eve arrive at the door and press the doorbell . it ring inside , as eve set down she suitcase . behind the door she hear footstep rapidly descend the staircase , and a moment later the door swing open . adam , fully dress , see she and momentarily freeze in the doorway . adam and eve gaze into each other 's radiant eye . adam step out and embrace she . they pull back slightly , again gaze at one another . they lip meet in a long kiss of reunite lover . adam step back , he hand still on eve 's waist , both now perceptibly dizzy . eve ( cont would ) ( softly ) hello . after a pause , adam pick up she suitcase , then step aside to let she enter . she hesitates . adam oh , sorry . ( he gesture ) wo not you please come in ? eve smile and , remove she hat , step past he . adam follow , close the door behind they . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - predawn adam and eve , wear only dark bathrobe , be curl around each other on the sofa . adam 's unusual electric guitar music play from a reel - to- reel recorder , though not loudly , in the background . the room be softly light , the curtain fully close . on the table in front of they be a open stainless canister , lie on its side , empty . adam and eve each hold a blood-tinged apéritif glass in one hand . they uncurl just enough to ' clink 's glass before drain they . they laugh as though drunk , they tooth and lip noticeably tinted a dark red . eve reach out to place she empty glass on the table , but it slip and fall to the floor , roll under the sofa . 33 . eve ( lean back into adam 's arm ) I think maybe we have overdo it . adam ( as though intoxicate ) yeah ... they remain silent , content , enfold , the music a lyrical fog around they . eve I love you newest music . adam thanks . it 's call ' I drank you mother 's blood , and she tasted like a Whore 's . eve laugh , pull away a little , and playfully punch adam in the chest . eve ( settling back into adam 's arm ) yeah , right . hey , Mr. guitar man . do you know : ' I drank you mother 's blood , and she tasted like a Whore 's ? adam ( complete the joke ) know it ! I fuckin’ write it ! eve laugh again , and adam too , a little . eve you know , it do concern I that you have finally let you music go out into the world . you have always be so careful about it , only send it anonymously to other composer . adam yeah . but that be the only way I could hear it perform . to just give it away ... eve so why do you release this recent stuff ? adam ( distantly ) I do not know . ( more ) 34 . adam ( cont would ) a fail experiment , probably . I guess I just want something out there before I ... eve before what ? ( pause ) you know , you always conveniently have the mortal to blame when you sink into depression , but then , what you really care about be all they most beautiful accomplishment . what about all you artist heroes ? adam I do not have heroes . eve oh no ? what about you beloved scientist ? adam yeah , look what they have do to they . look at pythagoras . they slaughter he and he commune . Galileo -- imprison . capernicus - - ridicule . Newton -- push into secrecy and alchemy . tesla -- destroy , and he beautiful possibility ignore . and they be still bitching about darwin ! yeah , so much for the scientist . eve come on Adam , if we be go to start catalogue the atrocity of human history , that be probably very minor example . adam ( distant again ) well , now they have even succeed in contaminate they own fuckin’ blood , let alone they water . ( pause ) I just feel so ... fragile . eve we be fragile . everything be . but how amazing it be to observe all the detail of history flow by ! adam easy for you . you have three thousand year of experience . 35 . eve yeah , well we time will end , too . but first I intend , if possible , to watch it all just get wash away ... like the momentary wave in the ocean , the star fade from the black sky ... her word trail off . she turn she head a little , gently kissing adam 's neck . adam , look off , caress she hair with one hand . the music on the tape machine have end . eve ( cont would ) I do not want you to leave I , Adam . at least we have each other . adam ( after a pause ) Eve , be you at all familiar with what Einstein termed '' spooky action at a distance '' ? eve ( quietly ) no. sound intrigue . ( pause , she eye close ) but maybe you better tell I about it later , ' cause it 's gonna get light out . we better go to bed , baby . adam yeah . after a pause , he free arm stretch back and pull up a antique acoustic guitar from somewhere behind the sofa . adam ( cont would ) Eve ? eve ( eye close ) mmmm ? adam can you tell I how old this one be ? I think it 's a L2 , but I have not be able to date it exactly . can you just ... eve half open she eye and squint at the guitar . eve ( sleepily ) she 's a pretty one . her thin white hand reach over and briefly caress the wooden instrument . 36 . eve ( cont would ) ( she hand retract ) 1905 ... adam really ? ( pause ) 1905 ... she be old . eve ( eye again close , she hand on he sleeve ) umm hmm ... and do you realize you bathrobe be over a hundred and fifty year old ? adam oh at least . she nuzzle deeper into adam 's shoulder . he strum a single sad chord on the antique guitar , let it ring and fade away . CUT to : int . adam' bedroom - evening adam and eve be in bed together side by side , naked , asleep . gradually eve wake , squinting as though through a hangover . she sleepily survey she surroundings before she thin arm reach a antique lamp on the bed-stand and switch it on . adam stir and wake . see eve , he kiss she , and snake a arm around she . they gaze happily into each other 's eye . eve glad to see I ? adam kiss she again , roll over on top of she . again they look into each other eye , eve smile happily . eve ( cont would ) oh , I think I be a bit hungover , my love . ( pause ) you supply be a excellent vintage , I must say . quite delicious . adam yeah . type o negative . Nice and pure . uncut . he roll off she , now lie at she side , both gaze at the ceiling . 37 . eve ( lazily ) do you know only female mosquito suck blood ? ( pause ) oh , but of course you do . adam and only female wasp and bee can sting , my love . eve of course . adam can I ask you something unrelated ? ( pause ) when they build stonehenge , it be you people , right ? you druid ? eve I be a bructeri druid , but close enough . adam yeah , I know , bructeri . in any case , I be wonder how in the hell they move that giant stone . because I read recently somewhere that the stone be not from the surround area . eve well , first of all , we do not construct stonehenge . a culture previous to we do . but we learn that they drag that stone across land on , like , sort of giant sleds that roll over a moveable system of strong wooden rail line with spherical stone bearing . adam ( fascinate ) I suspect as much . ( pause ) do they use a similar system when the egyptian build the pyramid ? eve ( laugh ) how fuckin’ old do you think I be ? adam laugh a little as eve now roll on top of he . adam I have always have a thing for older woman . 38 . eve ( smile ) and I love be a cradle-robber . she caress he face . eve ( cont would ) I ‘’1l tell you one thing , though . adam what ? eve it 's a good thing we both get turn before we be too old to fuck . adam ( play ) do we ? eve yes . allow I to demonstrate . adam yeah . I think we better make sure . but first could you switch that lamp off ? it 's burn my bloody eye . eve lithely reach over and switch it off . darkness . eve ( softly ) you know , I should correct myself . adam about what ? eve the egyptian . in true fact they build they pyramid at least a thousand year later than stonehenge . adam huh . yeah , I think so . eve oh , do you ? they roll over , entwine , adam now on top . CUT to : 39 . int . adam' kitchen - night adam and eve sit across from each other , carefully study a chessboard between they on the kitchen table . both again wear they dark bathrobe , eve with she stetson hat push back on she head . in the kitchen around they , no trace of human food be visible . cupboard , shelf , and counter instead hold stack of book , vinyl record , and dismantle electronics . eve smile as she make a move on the chess board , take adam 's queen with she bishop . eve there go you queen , playboy . check . brow furrow , adam study the board . eve ( cont would ) by the way , you hero Christopher marlowe send he regards . adam ( fix on the game ) I do not have heroes . and please do not talk so much . you be just try to distract I . ( pause ) how be he ? eve oh , eccentric and secretive as always . I must say he do seem to enjoy be the king of the tangier underground . adam ( eye still on the game ) that 's good . l let 's not talk now . eve Adam ? he do not respond . eve ( cont would ) since we be talk about great English poet , will you tell I again about when you hang out with Lord Byron ? adam Eve , please . adam 's hand briefly hover over a chess piece , but withdraw before touch it . 40 . eve oh , tell I again . please ? adam sigh and briefly look up at she . adam what ? uh , I be in he presence only for a few day . 1815 maybe , something like that . in a villa on Lake geneva . with the other . eve on you way to Italy , right ? adam ( eye again fix on the game ) yeah ... eve and what be he like ? adam ( after a pause , still not look up ) he be a pompous asshole . eve laugh . eve and what about the great John keat ? adam ( eye on the game ) what ? keat , keat I never get to meet . but you know all this , Eve . I know what you be do . eve oh , but it amuse I so . please tell I more . adam ( distract ) uh , I meet Byron and Mary shelly . I meet wordsworth once , briefly , by a English lake . ( pause ) never meet keat though . ( pause , study the board ) great poet , keat ... eve '' , .. that thou wouldst wish thine own heart dry of blood so in my vein red life might stream again ... '' adam look up at she . her eye sparkle with mischief . 4l. eve ( cont would ) so what be Mary like , then ? Mary wollstonecraft . adam look back at the game , try to ignore she . eve ( cont would ) come on then , what be she like ? adam she be ... delicious . eve mmm. I x11 bet she be . they gaze at each other across the table , eve 's eye then suddenly lighting up . eve ( cont would ) oh ! that remind I . I have a surprise ! a experiment . she get up and go to the refrigerator just behind she . adam watch curiously as she open the freezer . adam that do not work . eve ( take something out ) yes it do . I plugge it in . but I must say , you have wire this place in a most peculiar way . adam ( watch she closely ) it 's my own system . eve sit back down , hold two homemade popsicle , freeze onto stick , blood red . she extend one to adam . adam ( cont would ) what 's that ? eve ( lick she popsicle ) o negative ! frozen on a stick ! mmm , refresh . adam take the other from she , examine it carefully , hold the stick hesitantly between two finger . his tongue then barely graze it . adam that 's disgusting . eve mmm . mine 's delicious . 42 . adam lick he again , a little less tentatively . adam weird . never try it freeze before . now beginning to enjoy he freeze treat , adam 's attention return to the chess game . eve watch closely as adam carefully move he remain castle , then look up triumphantly . eve , delighted , eye lock on the board , immediately take adam 's castle with she queen . eve checkmate , darling . adam damn you , Eve ! you be ruthless . eve ( rise from the table , smile ) I be a survivor , baby . as she float out of the room , she sparkling eye glance back over she shoulder . adam ( call after she ) it be all the bloody talk ! ( then , more to himself ) I can not ... concentrate . ( then to himself , suck on he popsicle ) mmm. not bad ... CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night adam and eve be now in the livingroom both in bathrobe , eve with hat and boot . adam place a record on a antique player while eve look around at he collection of unusual instrument . adam ( lowering the tonearm onto the spin disc ) you gotta hear this one . it 's Charlie feather . do you know it ? eve shake she head , listen . eve ( a moment later ) 1956 . 43. adam yeah . just then , the light flicker then go out with a audible fizz , the turntable slow to a stop . darkness . adam ( cont would ) shit . he fumble around for a moment , then light a candle near the coffee table . adam ( cont would ) I can fix it . adam now stand near the door , pull on some Wellington boot and heavy rubber glove . eve approach and he hand she a flashlight eve be not thing much more interesting before electrical power ? really , people have more interesting idea . CUT to : ext . adam 's backyard - night flashlight in hand , adam and eve cross the small , muddy , enclose backyard . in one corner be a transformer , above it amass of tangle wire , some connect to the house , other to wooden pole or adjacent building . several wire be unattach and emit spark . adam ( shine he light on the mass of wire ) look at this shit ! idiot . what fuck century be this ... I mean , tesla have lightbulb you do not even have to plug - in -- in fuckin’ 1895 ! while adam work on the wire near he transformer , eve shine she light along the base of a nearby cement wall . something catch she eye . there , along the grey tone of muddy slush and cement , several red mushroom be visible . eve stoops to study they more closely . small white dot decorate they bright cap . eve ( to herself ) amanita muscaria . how odd . ( then , louder ) Adam ? 44 , adam have open a metal door on the transformer , and flip the switch of several circuit-breaker . light come back on inside the house . he close the metal box then move toward eve . adam what ? eve hey , do you see this before ? adam ( bend down next to she ) yeah . fly agaric . they be behave rather strangely . they appear , disappear , then reappear -- that cap . I guess they be receive information from the atmosphere . eve look at he curiously . eve but it 's winter . adam I know . it 's strange . ( pause ) we really do not know shit about fungi , do we ? even though life on this planet would not exist without they . adam get up and move back toward the house , while eve linger for a moment , shine she light on the bright red mushroom . eve ( softly to the mushroom ) you guy should not be here . CUT to : int . adam' bedroom - late evening eve be alone in adam 's bed , asleep , radiant under the dim light from a nearby table lamp . after some moment , adam enter . he be in he doctor drag : white lab coat over green scrub , stethoscope around he neck , doctor 's bag in hand . eve shift and stretch . her eye squint sleepily . then , see adam , she laugh lightly , gently rub she eye . eve what on earth be you do , my love ? ( pause ) be we play ' doctor 's ? 45 . adam ( pull the mask below he face ) iam. ( pause ) I x11 be back in a hour or two . eve ( pout ) oh ...am I not include ? adam approach she . adam no . he kneel next to the bed and , take she head in he hand , kiss she . he then pull back and look into she eye , eve 's finger now touch the stethoscope around he neck . eve 1968 ... maybe you need a new one . adam stand and look down at she . eve ( cont would ) ( look up , sense a change in adam ) what be it , darling ? adam I have a dream about ... about you sister . eve sit up halfway . eve you do ? ( pause ) and I do not suppose it be a good one ... adam could have be worse , I guess . ( then , drift off a little ) well , maybe not by much ... adam bend and kiss the top she head , then straighten . adam ( cont would ) back in a flash . eve hope so . good luck with the surgery , doctor . he close the door behind he . eve sink back in bed , arm behind she head . her alert eye shift from the ceiling to the dimly light frame portrait lining the wall around she . 46 . she scan the face : baudiliere , tesla , Mark twain , Sir isaach Newton , Edgar Allen poe , Charlie patton , Henry purcell , Emily dickenson , Luis bunuel , iggy pop , Black elk , William blake , William burrough , Samuel beckett , John coltrane , etc. [ all tbd ] her bright eye then stop , settling on a reproduction of the portrait of Christopher marlowe : it show a strike young man , 21 year old , self assure , a bit flashy , arm fold , right over leave . eve ( cont would ) ( softly ) marlowe ... she sigh . after a moment she eye drift back to the ceiling , now as though fix on something in the far , far , distance . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night all of the few lamp in adam 's livingroom be light and music , adam 's , play from a tape machine . eve , dress now in some of adam 's ' 60 clothes , move across the room . her attention move to a stack of old vinyl record . as she sift through they she notice a small , leather - bound , book - like object next to they . holding it tenderly in she hand , she carefully open it . it be a frame sepia photograph of adam and eve take in the 19th century , the opposite panel line in deep red velvet . Eve 's finger lightly caress the fade image . eve ( softly to herself ) June 23rd , 1868 ... we third wedding ... she kiss the photo , then hold it to she chest . as she move toward the sofa something glint at she from a partially open drawer . her thin hand reach inside and retrieve adam 's silver - plate , pearl - handle revolver . eve sink into the sofa , antique photo in one hand , gun in the other . she place the photo on the coffee table , then flip the gun 's magazine open . her finger extract a single bullet from its chamber . she look at it in the palm of she hand , its tip make of dark , heavy , polished wood . the music end . 47 . eve ( cont would ) ( to herself , study the wooden bullet ) dalbergia retusa ... eve sigh deeply , she fist close around the wooden bullet , she eye drift away . a moment later a car be audible , adam 's car , stop outside . its engine shut off and a door open and close . eve straighten , wait for he , gun in one hand , bullet enclose in the other . adam 's footstep be hear on the stair just before he enter the live room , still partially dress as a doctor . confidently , he cross toward eve , leather bag in hand . he pause , though , see she expression , then the revolver in she hand . as they eye meet , eve 's fist open revealing the wooden bullet . eve ( cont would ) so , what 's all this , then ? adam set the doctor 's bag on the coffee table and straighten . eve ( cont would ) tell I you be have trouble with one of the other . please tell I that . adam shrug . adam I do not see any nother 's . ever . eve oh. ok . she deftly flip the revolve magazine open , slide the bullet in the chamber , flip it close , and spin it . she stand , eye fix on adam , and quickly press the gun 's barrel into she chest point directly into she heart . she pull back the hammer . click . adam leap forward in a single motion and snatch the gun from she hand . there be a tense moment , each look into the other 's smoulder eye . adam exhales , then sit down on the sofa . adam fuckin 's hell , Eve . do not ever fuck around like that . 48 . he remove the wooden bullet from the gun , as eve sit down next to he . eve I be just try to make a point . adam ( upset ) yeah ? what be you point ? eve the point be , what the fuck be you problem , Adam ? you complain incessantly about mortal not appreciate they exquisite gift of consciousness , and then you , who 's exquisite and beautiful and special , you wanna pump a wooden bullet into yourself ? there be a heavy pause , adam then pockete the bullet . adam ( sullenly ) that bullet 's just for ... reassurance . he quietly set the gun on the table next to the doctor bag . eve to reassure you of what ? you own mortality ? you fragility ? what , Adam ? ( then , shaking she head in dismay ) you know , in nature , survival be always more difficult for the predator than its prey . fewer wolf than deer . fewer hawk than rabbit . fewer bat than insect . adam yeah , well it 's human I be sick of . and they fuck fear of they own imagination . eve yeah , human ... eve gently touch he face . eve ( cont would ) soon , though , they 's 1ll genetically modify themselves . ( pause ) this be the last of the '' organic '' one . adam great . that 's 1ll be even worse . 49 , eve oh , it 's already too late I be afraid , for the original one . they extinction have already start : the water war , new disease , devastate planet ... ( pause ) and then you know what will happen ? adam what ? eve rodent will evolve as the predominant mammal . the control intelligence on the planet . adam ( now less morose ) really ? ( pause ) rat-people ? eve yep . adam I think you have only master the past . now you can predict the future ? eve I have see a lot go past I . ( pause ) which just bring be back to my point . adam yeah , what be it again ? eve ( caress he long hair ) that you be such a wanker , Adam . you be as ridiculously romantic as all you dead poet and astronomer friend put together . she get up and move to the stack of record she sifted through earlier . eve ( cont would ) ( glance mischievously over she shoulder ) you have be quite lucky in love , though , if I may say so . adam open the leather bag , lift out one of the stainless steel canister . as he set it on the table eve pass , a vinyl record in she hand . 50 . eve ( cont would ) be it the delicious 0 neg again ? adam nod . eve ( cont would ) mmm . she place the 33rpm record on a turntable . it begin to spin . eve ( cont would ) ( place the tonearm on the record ) but first , I be gonna dance . the music begin . it 's a vintage soul song [ " trapped by a thing call Love '' by denise lasalle , tbd ] . eve begin to dance in a style perfectly align with the period of the music . adam watch she . after a minute or so eve pull adam up from the sofa , embrace he , and draw he into a slow dance . eve ( cont would ) ( while dance with adam ) let 's get straight and then go for a drive . I have not be out of you hovel since I arrive . adam ok . they spin slowly around the room , entwine , the record spin on the turntable . CUT to : int . / ext . adam 's car - night adam 's white jaguar move through the cold street of Detroit at night . eve happily observe the darken city from the passenger seat . eve oh , I be just so happy to be out in the world . this be like watch a movie ! no response from adam . eve ( cont would ) so show I thing . give I a tour ! 51 . adam ( sullenly ) there 's nothing here . eve oh , come on ! I wanna see the ruin . ( pause ) show I where all the cool young vampire hang out . adam bloody hell ... eve ( point to a abandon factory ) what be that ? adam I dunno . Factory where they use to build auto part . engine block . or manifold . eve ( eye light up ) how exciting ! the ghostly white jaguar continue down a long , murky street . a Detroit police cruiser pass they go in the opposite direction . eve ( cont would ) ( quietly ) there 's something I should tell you . adam what ? eve well , I also have a... a dream about my sister . adam be you joke ? eve and so do marlowe , before I leave tangier . she 's look for we . I be sure of it . adam ( disturb ) oh fuck , Eve . not again . eve well , it have be a long time , Adam . 52 . adam no , it have not . it 's be less than 80 year , if I remember correctly . eve it be 84 year ago . in Paris . adam yeah , and Paris have never be the same . ( pause , then more to himself ) 84 year . seem like fuckin’ yesterday . eve ( distract ) yeah . time fly . adam should not she be sleep in a fuck coffin somewhere ? preferably with a wooden stake shove in . eve come on , Adam . she be my sister . adam look over at she suspiciously . adam be she ? eve we be ... related by blood . he stare at she a moment longer before he eye return to the road . the jag make another turn then roll to a stop at a red light . adam and eve watch as two man in dirty , thermal coverall , cautiously carry a large rectangular mirror cross directly in front of they . for a moment as they pass , the jag 's windshield be perfectly frame in the large mirror . in it 's reflection adam and eve be not visible , they car appear to be unoccupy . as the man obliviously leave they view , adam and eve glance at each other , eve then laugh as the light change and the jag continue . eve ( cont would ) ( happily ) ah , I never get tired of the old mirror gag . adam smile . moment later he point to a building on they right . adam motown . eve oh , fantastic ! ( then , as it recede ) but , to be honest , except for smokey and marvin , and of course the temps , I be never really a huge motown fan . always be more of a stax girl , ya know ? adam yeah , I would agree . but I have add the marvelettes . they continue on in silence for a while . eve Adam , I want to take you back to tangier with I . you love it there once . ( pause ) if you do , I 'il get you a beautiful antique stringe instrument , with exotic wood , and pearl inlay . adam I have antique instrument . eve but I mean a magical one ! adam what , you do not find Detroit magical ? 53 . eve 's eye , bright and alert , take in more image of Detroit as they continue to spin past the car 's window . fade '' I circle you nest tonight , around and around until morning when a breath of air say , now , and the friend hold up like a goblet some anonymous skull '' - rumi int . adam' foyer - night adam and eve , return from they drive , enter through the front door . they pause abruptly . to black . over black CUT to : adam 's foyer 54 . adam ( quietly ) be this light on ? he quickly signal to eve to remain still . Music , adam 's music , drift down from upstairs . they exchange cautious look , then quietly ascend the staircase , adam first . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night silently , adam look through the open doorway into the live room . the music swell slightly as adam , with eve look over he shoulder , see a girl seat on the couch . it 's eve 's sister , ava . she be extremely pale , with darker hair than eve , at least a decade young with a petulant , mischievous face . her shoe be on the floor in front of she , coat also , and she 's wear a short skirt and tight sweater . adam ( angrily ) what the fuck be you do here ? ava stand up , excited to see they . ava ( with English accent ) Adam ! Eve ! oh my god , it 's so great to see you ! she approach adam as he and eve step into the room . she throw she arm around he neck , adam nearly cring . ava ( cont would ) you be still so beautiful . adam peel she off and she rush to embrace eve . adam cross the room and turn off the music . ava ( cont would ) Eve ! my darling , totally amazing sister ! how I have miss you ! she unwrap herself enough to look into eve 's eye . ava ( cont would ) do you get my message ? eve I think I do . I have a dream ... 55 . ava oh , how awesome ! it work ! ava laugh and eve push she back a little , still hold on to ava 's arm . eve ( to adam ) be that what you be talk about earlier ? spooky action at a distance ? adam ( scowling ) yes and no . ava what be you guy talk about ? eve listen , ava , how do you get in here without ... without be invite to cross the threshold ? ava ( laugh again ) oh Eve , you be so old - fashioned . you be probably still afraid of garlic ! ava laugh yet again , while eve and adam exchange look . eve no . not garlic . but , my little fool , it 's still quite bad luck to cross the threshold ... ava ( complete eve 's sentence ) ...of someone 's residence without be properly invite . yeah , yeah , yeah , nasty luck et cetera . adam it 's also bad luck to listen to someone 's private music without invitation . ava ( turn to adam ) oh my god I love it , Adam ! it 's totally brilliant ! can I get a download ? adam no! 56 . ava pout , as Adam and Eve remove they coat . eve ( toss she coat over a amplifier ) so , just pass through Detroit ? ava ( sit back down on the couch ) yes ! no ! I mean , I come to see you ! I have a feel you be both here . ( pause ) I have be live in l.a ... adam l.a.. figure . be you alone ? ava no. adam and eve glance at one another . ava ( cont would ) ( burst into laughter ) I be here with you guy ! adam oh , fuck . well , you can not stay here . eve Adam ... adam not after last time . no fuckin’ way . eve Adam , that be 84 year ago . adam ( fussing with some recording equipment ) not long enough ... ava ( feign confusion ) what ? when ? be you still upset about the Paris thing ? eve cross and sit on the couch next to ava . eve be you alone ? 57 . ava yeah ! ( then demurely ) but I be really , really , really hungry . adam turn around , face they . ava look back and forth between they , expectantly . ava ( cont would ) ( in a childlike voice ) do you maybe have something ? adam could you smell it all the way from l.a .? eve scowl and give adam a little nod of she head . adam glare at eve , then reluctantly turn to leave the room . ava eagerly jump up and begin to follow he . eve ava ! ava whirl back around . ava I just want to see where you keep it . adam ( o.s. : already out of the room ) no ! ava 's head turn , but she remain still for a moment . then , as if draw by a invisible string , she move back toward eve and sit down next to she . they look at one another . eve smile and , encourage , ava throw she arm around she '' sister '' , childishly bury she head in eve 's shoulder . ava ( lift she head ) oh , Eve . it 's so totally awesome to see you ! again , she hide she face against eve 's shoulder . with a hint of hesitation , eve stroke ava 's hair . CUT to : int . adam 's bedroom - dawn eve be in bed , she head propped on one hand , watch adam , in bathrobe sit upright on the edge of the bed . adam stare sullenly at the floor . 58 . adam she drank up a hell of a lot of we type o negative . fuck ! eve I know . ( pause ) but , she 's be travel , and that fuck you up , ya know ? plus avoid the bloody daylight exposure ... she reach out gently touch adam 's back . eve ( cont would ) it will be ok . it 's always weird with ... relative . adam turn toward she . adam she 's bad news , eve. ( pause ) she be not sleep in my fuckin’ studio , be she ?! eve no . I put she to bed in that other bedroom . adam what other bedroom ? eve the small one , downstairs . adam look at she blankly . eve ( cont would ) just down from the kitchen ? adam oh. right. ( pause ) shit. I x11 have to put my fuckin’ tape in a bloody safe . eve ( teasing he ) must you curse so much ? adam react by stare at the floor . eve ( cont would ) come to bed , baby . she 's out cold , and it 's get light out . you can do that when we get up tonight . adam remain motionless , upright , while eve reach over and turn off the lamp . 59 . CUT to black . CUT to : int . adam' bedroom - evening darkness . a knock be hear from outside the door . another knock , louder this time . ava ( o.s. , muffle ) Eve ? Adam ? a lamp be switch on , eve 's arm stretch to it from the bed . next to she , adam wearily open he eye . eve ( sleepily ) what be it ava ? ava ( 0.s. ) can I come in ? adam no . ava open the door and enter , wear only a shirt that adam be wear earlier , before she arrival . eve prop herself up as ava sit on the edge of the bed on adam 's side . he cover he head with a pillow . eve what be it ava ? ava ( lightly stroking adam 's pillow ) be not it time to get up ? it 's dark out already and I be starve . adam ( muffle from under the pillow ) go away . we be still sleep . eve why do not you go get dress , and then we will get up and we can all have breakfast together . ava some more of that good stuff ? eve yeah . 60 . ava where do you keep it ? eve you just get dress and we will bring you some , ok ? ava ok . before get up she flip up the corner of adam 's pillow , revealing half of he annoyed face . ava ( cont would ) peek -a- boo , I see you . adam immediately pull the pillow back over he face . ava laugh , lean in and kiss eve on the cheek , then exit . eve sleepily stare after she as ava close the door . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night now dress , eve and adam enter the livingroom . eve carry several wine glass , while adam hold a stainless steel canister . ava be dramatically sprawle across the velvet couch wear a very short polka - dot dress and platform shoe . one pale hand rest across she forehead . she shift only slightly as eve sit down , squeezing in next to she . ava ' 's half - open eye be fix on adam 's old tv screen , now connect to a laptop . on the screen be a kitschy image from a 1970 french tv show . Girls in micro-mini dress dance to a very bad pop song , gyrate around a cape male dancer dress as '' dracula '' . adam ( refer to the tv image ) what the hell be this ? eve and ava 's eye be lock on the screen as adam move toward it and abruptly switch it off . adam ( cont would ) what the fuck ? ava ( whining ) oh ... why do you turn it off ? I love that ! I find it on YouTube . adam figure ... 61 . eve move ava 's hand , place she own on ava 's forehead . ava I do not feel good . eve what be it , baby ? you think it be the travel ? ava ( weakly ) maybe . adam ( pour blood into wine glass ) probably blood poisoning ... see the red blood ava pull herself halfway up . eve do not joke , Adam . adam I be not . eve ( to ava ) have you be especially careful about you food this day , what with all the contamination ? ava I have try . ava sit up reach for a glass . adam and eve watch as she guzzle it down . adam take it easy . shit . ava ( set down she empty glass ) oh my god ! that be good ! eve clink she glass against adam 's and both take sip . ava , become more and more animated , reach for the stainless canister , but adam intercede . he pour a little more into she glass . ava drain it immediately . adam you be gonna get sick . and you be gonna suck down we whole fuckin’ supply , so take it easy . ava stand and swirl around the room , unsteady , laugh . 62 . ava let 's play some of you music , Adam ! adam ( sternly ) no . I tell you it 's private . ava oh yeah ? how come I hear it in L.A. then ? adam where do you hear it ? ava in , like , a underground music club . adam I do not believe you . ava so , do not . adam how do you know it be mine , then ? ava oh , I could tell immediately ! ( pause ) I might have be bear at night , but I be not bear last night , ya know . ( she laugh ) she pick up one of adam 's vintage electric guitar . he quickly take it from she , put it down in a safer place . ava shrug and sit down on eve 's lap . eve push she off to one side , but ava put she arm around she sister , nuzzling she shoulder like a needy child . ava ( cont would ) well then I be gonna go out . I wanna hear some music . adam good idea . go ahead . ava ( babyish ) but , I wanna go out with you guy . adam no. 63 . ava what a big meanie . ( then stroking eve 's hair ) I bet he never take you out , ever , right ? eve not true . we go out for a drive just the other night . ava ooh , a drive . Big deal . I mean go somewhere . where there 's music . do not you wanna go , Eve ? eve I would not mind . Adam ? adam glare at she . ava spring up from the couch . ava hurray ! Adam 's gonna take we out ! oh my god let 's have another drink ! adam no ! you have have more than enough . and no fuckin’ way be we go out . ava return to eve 's side , again embrace she . adam look over at the two sister , they face wear similarly plead , manipulative expression . adam ( cont would ) no . that 's absolutely final . he turn away , take another sip from he glass . CUT to : int . rock club - night a band be play messy , very loud , damage - sounding rock ’n’roll on the small stage of a rundown club . directly opposite the stage be a bar , with rack of bottle behind it partially obscure a long mirror . between the stage and the bar be some table , and around they people watch the band play the last song of its set . seat around one table , off to the side , be eve , adam , ava and adam 's young '' manager '' , ian . eve wear she white stetson hat while adam hide behind dark wraparound sunglass . ava bounce energetically to the discordant music . adam lean in toward eve . 64 . adam ( into she ear ) we should not be in here . ( pause ) you see the mirror , right ? eve ( enjoy herself ) do not worry . nobody ever notice that . just relax ok ? enjoy the music . the band finish , growl guitar feedback mixing with applause from the small crowd . as the musician step off the stage , people begin talk and milling around . record music start from the jukebox . several musician type briefly stop by the table to reverently congratulate ian on the underground success of the anonymous record . as they drift away , ian lean in , smile . ian hey man , this be great ! ( then to ava and eve ) I could never get he to go out , hear some live music . ava they be brilliant ! do you like they Adam ? no response . ian ( to adam ) hey Adam ! you wanna meet they ? they be friend of mine . adam ( adamantly ) no. ( pause ) please . ian that 's cool . I read you . he take a drink from a bottle of beer . ian ( cont would ) ( embarrassed ) oh man , I be sorry . can I get you guy something ? ( he turn to ava ) Eve ? ava I be ava , she 's Eve . ian oh , right . I be sorry . what can I get you guy ? 65 . eve ( politely ) nothing , thanks . ian then watch as ava pull out a silver flask . she unscrew the top and take a swig . ian oh , bring you own , huh ? that 's cool . what be it , jagermeister ? adam ( sternly to ava ) where do you get that ? ava I fill it before we leave . at home . adam at home ? you mean at my house . ava ( energize ) yeah ! want some ? extend the flask toward adam . adam no ! eve ( gently ) I all take some . adam scowl as eve drink from the flask . she smile at he then offer he the flask . reluctantly , adam take a drink . ava , smile , snatch the flask from he and take another big swig . ava mmm ! ian ( lightheartedly ) hey , could I maybe get in on that ? mischievously , ava look at adam as she hand the flask to ian . ava sure , Ian . manically , in a flash , Adam snatch the flask from ian 's hand before it reach he lip . just after , adam appear almost surprised by he own action . 66 . ian ( amaze by the speed ) whoa ! that be like some martial art type shit ! ( then to ava ) this guy be amazing , man ! ava ( admiringly ) I know . he 's fuck brilliant . and he 's totally hot . adam turn toward eve . she smile . he take a swig from the flask , then put it away inside he jacket . ian he be brilliant . I wish he would take credit for it all . while look at adam , ava stroke ian 's arm flirtatiously . ian ( cont would ) ( lean in , half whisper ) I can not even tell anyone who he be ! how weird be that ! I have to sign a confidentiality agreement and everything , man . ian feel adam 's stern glare , even from behind the dark glass . ava ( still playfully touch ian ) you gonna dance with I , rockstar ? ian what , here ? no one else in the club be dance , but ava get up pull ian with she . she begin dance next to they table , briefly draw some attention from that nearby . ian at first stand selfconsciously , but after some coax from ava he gradually begin to move a little , try unsuccessfully to appear nonchalant . ava begin to dance more wildly , she eye mostly fix on adam . ian briefly notice this , but just laugh . eve also notice , a unreadable half - smile on she lip . the music selection change , and adam 's record come on . he stiffen with discernible dread and turn to eve . adam we gotta get outta here . 67 . eve ok , darling . but let 's not panic , or make anything obvious , huh ? she smile at he . they turn to see ava , now dance suggestively to adam 's slow , unusual music . she lock she eye on adam as she turn and , look over she shoulder , briefly pull she short dress halfway over she ass . she laugh . adam ( all patience go ) that 's it . we be leave right now . adam get up , quickly follow by eve . as adam move toward the door , eve deftly reach out and take ava by the hand , pull she . eve ( to ava ) we be leave now . as they follow in adam 's direction , ava in turn reach back to grab the hand of ian , pull he along as well . adam exit as the other three , hand link , move past the bar and toward the door . stand at the bar , face the mirror be the bass player and drummer see earlier on stage . while the bass player look down at he beer , the drummer gaze absently into the mirror . in its reflection he sees only ian , lurching oddly toward the door as though be pulled by one arm . eve and ava be not visible in the reflection . the drummer turn and look at the doorway , just in time to see ian lurch through it , disappear outside . he turn back and stare quizzically at the mirror . drummer do you see that ? bass player wait , what ? drummer nothing ... the drummer shake he head , then take a long drink from he bottle of beer . CUT to : 68. int . adam 's livingroom - night eve , adam , ava and ian be in adam 's livingroom / studio . eve sit on one end of the couch , while at the other end ava be nestle very close to ian , she hand lightly move underneath the sleeve of he shirt . adam , stand , be collect reel and box of he tape . Music play , but not adam 's music . ian could not we just hear a taste of you new stuff , Adam ? adam ( face away from they ) now 's not a good time . ian ( disappointed ) oh , man ... last time I see you , you say that if I come by ... adam turn and give he a stern , definitive look . ian ( cont would ) ok , not now . that 's cool . I be just , you know , excited . ava 's hand move to ian 's leg . ava I too . carry a stack of tape reel and box , adam move to the doorway , then turn and nod to eve . she get up from the couch . eve it 's get really late . we all should retire before it start get light out . ian lean forward on the couch , but ava immediately pull he back toward she . ava Adam ? adam pause in the doorway . ava ( cont would ) could I have that flask back ? please ? adam no , ava . I think you have have enough . 69 . ava ( pout ) but I be just so ... so thirsty . ian ( offer he beer bottle to ava ) wanna share this ? ava petulantly push the bottle away . adam Ian , I think it 's time for you to go . ava wrap she arm around he possessively . ava he 's gonna leave as soon as he finish he little beer . adam glare at ian , who nervously drink from he bottle . ian yeah . I should get goin’ . ava ( she arm still encircle he ) yeah . he 's gonna go in just a few minute . adam leave the room . eve lean in and kiss ava on the cheek . eve goodnight , baby . ( then extend she hand to ian ) Nice to meet you , Ian . see you again soon , I hope . ian yeah . hope so . eve move to the door , look back briefly at ava and ian on the couch before close the door behind she . fade to black . CUT to : int . adam' bedroom - evening eve turn a lamp on . she be sit on adam 's side of the bed pull on she dark red bathrobe , the silver flask in one hand . adam be still asleep , again with a pillow over he head . 70 . eve pull up a corner of the pillow and , smile , peek at adam . he open one eye . adam ( groggy ) do not you dare say it . eve laugh . adam take the pillow from he head and look around . adam ( cont would ) be it dark out already ? eve yeah . adam what be ya doin’ with that flask ? eve I put a little in for ava . adam oh , fuck ... she touch he head affectionately . eve I be gonna go check on she . but , you be right , she 's gotta leave . I need to have you all to myself . adam excellent idea , before it 's too late . ( pause ) I be get up , then . eve kiss he . before stand , she pause , look over at they wedding photo which she have move to the nightstand . eve ( stand ) we look so young , do not we ? adam look over at the photograph , as eve leave the room , they face in it appear identical to the present . CUT to : int . adam 's house - night flask in hand , eve walk down a corridor , pass the upstairs livingroom , then descend the staircase . downstair she move through a narrow hallway , pause to knock on a door . no response . she push the door open slightly . 71 . in the small room a light be on . the bed be unmade and empty . ava 's open suitcase , a transparent raincoat and some clothes be scattered around . eve turn and head back to the staircase , ascend to the upper floor . she enter the livingroom , then stop dead in she track and gasp . the flask slip from she hand and fall to the floor , blood spilling out onto the carpet . ava , on the velvet couch , half undress and dishevel , be sprawle on top of ian . his shirt be rip open , head tilt back , a dark , open , bruise - color wound on he neck . his skin be blue-grey , one emaciate arm spilling lifelessly off the couch and onto the floor . nearby , adam 's antique 1905 guitar lie in piece . eve rush over and pull ava up from the couch . ava come - — to , but be groggy and disorient . eve ( look directly into ava 's half - open eye ) ava , what do you do ?! ava wha ? eve slap she across the face . ava ( cont would ) ouch ! eve why do you do that to Ian ? ava look over at the dead , blue ian , he corpse completely drain of blood . ava ( whining immaturely ) oh , I do not know . ava struggle to stand but eve give she a hard push , and ava land back on the couch , sit on top of ian . ava ( cont would ) hey ! ouch . eve ( furious ) explain , ava ! ava please , Eve . I do not know . she look at ian 's dead face , he mouth open grotesquely . 72 . ava ( cont would ) ( whining ) I be still so hungry , and he be just so cute . ( pause ) now I feel sick . eve no wonder , you idiot . he be in the fuck music business ! for fuck 's sake , ava . this be the twenty - first bloody century ! that 's like have unprotect sex ! you stupid twat . now you have endangered all of we . ava ( start to cry ) I do not mean to . I just could not resist ... eve and ava turn to see adam , in he bathrobe , stand in the doorway . he have stop dead in he track , in complete shock . he stare at ian in disbelief , then rush over and throw ava to the floor . ava ( cont would ) ( landing hard ) ouch ! Adam ! adam ( look closely at ian , semi-hysterical ) I do not believe this ! you fuckin’ drank Ian ! you have completely drain he ! he 's dead ! adam glare down at ava . crawl backwards , she move a few foot away from he . adam ( cont would ) you slurp down almost all of we o negative , then you fuckin’ suck Ian dry . why do not you just turn he , at least ? ava ( whimper ) I ... I do not know ... please ! adam pull back he leg to kick ava . eve no , Adam ! adam freeze , he leg hold back threateningly . ava sob . adam turn to eve . 73 . adam ( seethe ) I should kill she . ava make retching noise . eve well , kick she head in would hardly accomplish that . adam where 's the gun then ? eve rise and go to adam , pull he close . she look in he eye . eve listen . ava 's gotta get out of here , and we have to deal with this . adam ( yell ) get she outta here then ! I do not even want to look at she . eve go to ava and pull she to she foot , half - drag she across the room to the door . ava continue whimper . adam look down at ian . adam ( cont would ) ( furious , to ava without look at she ) you stupid little bitch ! he be my fragile link to the outside ! he be my fuck manager ! eve and the whimper ava can be hear noisily descend the staircase just outside the door , while adam stand motionless , still look down at ian 's corpse on the couch . CUT to : ext . adam 's house - night ava , push from behind , lurch out adam 's front door . she have she luggage in one hand and a transparent raincoat only halfway on . adam stand in the doorway , eve just behind he . ava ( cry ) where be I suppose to go ? adam go back and rot in fuckin’ L.A. , where you belong . 74 . adam disappear inside , leave eve at the door . ava ( plead tearfully ) Eve , please ! I do not mean it ! I be not well ! you be my only sister . eve you have to go . ava back away from the house , sobbing . eve close the door from inside . ava wipe at she run mascara , then look up at the house . ava ( cry quietly ) you know what you guy be ? you be condescending snob ! just wait . ( sniffle ) you ’1ll find out what the world be really like out there . she pull she coat on and , buttone it clumsily , disappear down the empty , darken street . CUT to : int . adam 's livingroom - night eve reenter to find adam frantically pace around the room . adam ( smoulder ) uncivilize bitch . what do she think this be , the fuck fifteenth century ? eve I be so sorry . he seem like a lovely fellow . adam now just my Achilles heel . eve no one can connect you with he , can they ? adam be you kid ? we be out with he last fuckin’ night ! soon they 'il certainly be bloody lookin’ for he . eve yeah . so much for that confidentiality agreement . 75 . adam stop pace and glare at she , then look down at he break antique guitar . adam ( despondent ) even my fuck 1905 Gibson L2 . destroy . eve bend over the break guitar , delicately examine its interior construction . eve ( softly , sincerely ) look how beautifully it be make inside . adam whirl and kick the guitar , break it further and scatter its piece . shield herself , eve quickly rise , watch adam with concern as he continue pace frantically . adam ( stop and turn to eve , accusingly ) why do you invite that little bitch here , anyway ? eve ( flaring up ) I do not fuck invite she ! do not blame I for this . adam fuck . he pace some more , then leave the room . eve sit down on the edge of the couch next to ian , forlorn . adam return with a brown tarp and some rope . he be wear heavy , rubber , work glove , and toss another pair at eve . eve ( stand up , put on the glove ) what 's the plan , then ? adam ( unfurl the tarp ) the plan ? I do not have a fuckin’ plan . I do not really plan for this kind of shit ! all I know be we better get rid of he fast . the two roll ian off the couch and onto the tarp , pull it around he . adam loop the rope around the tarp and begin tie it . CUT to : 76 . int . adam 's car - night adam angrily , recklessly , drive he jag through the Detroit night , eve solemn in the passenger seat . eve take it easy . let 's just stay calm . adam ( explode ) stay calm ?! eve ( softly ) please , Adam . she reach over and touch he shoulder , but he shrug it away and she withdraw she arm . a police car pass they , travel in the opposite direction . eve ( cont would ) what be we gonna do with he ? adam do not respond . eve ( cont would ) in the old day we could just chuck ‘em in the Thames ... alongside all the other tubercular floater . adam any other idea ? eve ( after a pause , try to lighten the mood ) we could put he through a wood - chipper . like in the movie fargo . adam glance over , questioningly . eve ( cont would ) you do not see fargo ? adam I have no idea what you be talk about . eve a movie . it 's get Steve buscemi in it . I love he . adam ( tersely ) I do not know who that be . 77 . eve darling , you be so ... unhip . adam glance at she , a hint of insecurity flash across he brood eye . adam be I ? eve look forward , smile , she eye again bright and irrepressible . CUT to : ext . adam 's car - night the car move through a completely desert post-industrial area . it turn again , pull down a narrow alley , which then widen into a open area partially enclose by break factory wall . the ghost of old machinery stand rusting and collapse . the jag slow , then stop . its headlight illuminate a very large corrode metal tank , a rusting metal staircase lead to a platform near its rim . in the surround area rusting barrel be toss here and there , leak small pool of strangely color liquid chemical . eve ( surveying the landscape through the windshield ) delightful . adam turn and check behind he , then switch off the headlight , leave the engine run . CUT to : ext . abandoned industrial area - night together adam and eve drag the tarped body from the car toward the large chemical tank . eve be this like in batman , when they throw the joker into the acid ? adam yeah , sort of , only he be still alive . suddenly a eerie sound cause they to freeze . not far off a group of coyote howl and yip uncannily . 78 . eve tell I I be crazy , but that be most definitely canis latran . adam yeah . coyote . eve interesting . in the heart of Detroit ? adam you would be surprised . the sound subside , the coyote move off . adam and eve resume , drag the corpse to the staircase at the base of the tank . they carry it up the staircase , seemingly without difficulty , indicate prior experience in the physics of move corpse . reaching the platform at the top , they pause and peer into the tank , reactively cover they mouth and nose . Three or four meter below they be a surface of thick , oily , liquid emit a visible vapor . eve glance at adam . adam ( cont would ) do not even ask . ( pause ) you ready ? they hoist the wrap corpse to rim of the tank , then roll it over the side . immediately they both take cover , crouching behind the tank 's exterior wall . the corpse land with a dull splash , as though the sound be slowed down . after a pause , still cover they face , adam and eve cautiously peer into the tank . the wrap corpse be visibly disintegrate as it slip into the thick fluid . the top corner of the tarp , however , have come unfurl , revealing ian 's grimace , blue face . riveted , adam and eve watch as the face disintegrate , skin melting from bone , the skull and tooth then ghoulishly sink below the surface . a moment later no visible trace of ian be leave . adam and eve look at each other . eve my , that be certainly ... visual . adam turn and descend the rusty metal stair , eve then follow . CUT to : 79 . int . adam' bedroom - night adam be manically pace in the small room , he finger twist he hair . eve sit calmly on the bed , watch he . clothes and object be strewn everywhere , and drawer flung open . pile of money in various denomination , as well as passport , jewelry , and credit card be scattered across the surface of the bed surround eve . still pace and lose control , adam reach into a open drawer and fling a handful of U.S. bill into the air . adam ( money flutter down around he ) need anything ? we be have a liquidation sale . everything must go ! he toss a stack of loose euros toward eve . they float down around she like fall leave . adam ( cont would ) ( ranting ) have some more of mankind 's most useless and tragic invention ! he whirl around hold a box contain reel of record audio tape ; master tape of he music . adam ( cont would ) ( wildly ) how about some cult music ? mind bend guitar drine . record in secret by a real fuck vampire ! he toss the box , he arm then sweeping a stack of antique , leather - bound book to the floor . he whirl back toward eve . adam ( cont would ) what !? do you say ... blood ? ah , I see . not money , not art , but it 's blood you want ! ( he turn away , eye wild ) that 's right ! what 's more precious than human blood ? he turn to eve , hold up the small silver flask , he eye now flutter in he head . he take a step toward she , almost menacingly . adam ( cont would ) type o! the original blood of Adam and Eve ? that 's what we need , but ... not much of that leave , be there ? in fact , almost none ! ( more ) 80 . adam ( cont would ) ( pause , then in a unusual voice ) sorry , but I wife 's sis 's turn up and she suck it all down ! ( then , move even closer ) then she suck up my business partner . just like that ! eve ( quietly ) Adam , you be upsetting I . adam be I ? eve yeah . let 's just calm down . ( pause ) what we be go to do be calmly get the hell out of here . suddenly the doorbell ring . both freeze momentarily , then adam rush to the window . pull the curtain back very slightly , he peek out . the bell ring again . outside he see the same group of young hipster who ring he bell earlier . several be on he porch , and several more by a car park in the street . eve ( cont would ) who be it ? adam some fuck rock ’n’roll kid . ( then close the curtain ) they be onto I . we be fuck . the bell ring again . eve ( calmly ) do not be ridiculous . they 's 1ll go away . good job it be not the authority . adam ( again peer through a thin open in the curtain . ) yeah , well , they 's 1ll be next . eve ( turn on she white mobile ) we will be long go , baby . she scroll then dial a number on the phone , then wait . 81 . eve ( cont would ) ( calmly into phone ) yes , I have like to make some reservation . ( pause ) thank you . the sound of a car pull away be hear . adam close the curtain and turn to eve , a wild look in he eye . eve ( cont would ) ( into phone ) yes , I want to book flight for two to tangier . ( pause ) yes , from Detroit , fly at night please . ( pause ) thank you . adam what about my equipment and all my fuck instrument !? eve ( to adam , hand over the phone ) oh fuck you bloody instrument . there be million of beautiful instrument in the world . calm down . ( then , back into phone ) . Excuse I ? ( pause ) oh , connect through London ? her eye be on adam , who spin away from she , finger again entangle in he hair . eve ( cont would ) ( calmly into phone ) London 's not good . how about ... ( pause ) oh , yes , Madrid be good . and that flight be also at night ? adam ( spin around ) I can not do this ! I will not survive the bloody trip . eve ( into phone but glaring at adam ) yes . oh , for tonight ! first class , please , for two . eve 's finger pluck a credit card from the pile in front of she . she raise it to she eye level , then look up at adam . he begin to spin slowly , disturbingly , in front of she , both he hand now tangle in he hair . CUT to : 82. int . airplane - night adam and eve be seat in first class on a airplane . the interior be darken , all other visible passenger asleep . adam also appear to be asleep , slouched in the window seat ; he gaunt face mostly cover by hair and dark glass . eve , in the aisle seat next to he , also wear dark glass . though noticeably more fragile than before , she sit upright , alert and wide awake , as she thin hand caress they wedding photo cradle in she lap . fade to black . over black : '' a secret turn in we make the universe turn . head unaware of foot , and foot head . neither care . they keep turn . '' - rumi CUT to : ext . tangier street - night eve struggle to help adam out of a taxi in the somewhat run - down quarter of tangier near eve 's apartment . the moroccan driver lift they suitcase from the car 's open trunk . eve pay he and he thanks she politely . they pick up they luggage as the car pull away . adam now quite frail , be have trouble walk . he stop , prop himself against a wall . two shadow figure pass they , one pause in front of they briefly to offer '' something really special '' , first in french , then English . eve shake she head definitively and the figure move away . eve ( now take adam 's arm ) come on baby , we be almost there . adam ( weakly ) it will be dawn soon . eve ( she glance at the sky ) it will be fine , we have get time . adam but do you reach marlowe ? 83 . eve no , which concern I a little . ( pause ) but we will find he , I be sure . come on . they make it to the next corner , eve pause to look up at the building where she life . eve ( cont would ) ( visibly surprised ) that 's odd . adam ( lean on she ) what ? eve my light be on . adam ( exhaust ) oh , great . what next ? eve still hold he arm as they make it across the street and enter she building . CUT to : int . eve 's build / hallway - night adam and eve ascend the narrow staircase as quietly as possible . they pause in front of the door to eve 's apartment , listen . from behind the door voice , both adult and child , can be hear speak Arabic . on the floor next to the door , in a neat row , be five pair of shoe , three in child 's size . eve slip she key in the door and open it . CUT to : int . eve 's apartment - night eve stand in she doorway look in , adam propped up just behind she . the voice be quiet . look back at they be a family of moroccan seat on the floor around one of eve 's low table . on its surface something be cooking on a hotplate . a clothesline dissect the apartment , drape with drying laundry . there be a long silent pause . the family : a man , woman , a girl and two smaller boy , stare in surprise and amazement at the gaunt stranger in the doorway . all of the family have large , dark , sympathetic eye . 84 . eve ( in Arabic , wide - eye but calm ) what 's go on here ? this be my apartment . the woman glance at the man , then stand up and immediately begin to gather they belonging , the girl instinctively spring up to help she . the man nod toward the two boy , then stand . man ( in Arabic ) we be extremely sorry . we be tell this apartment have be possibly permanently vacate . this be a embarrassing accident . while he be talk adam and eve step into the room , adam stumbling toward the bed , then collapse onto it . the man speak to the small boy who be now stand , but stare at eve . man ( cont would ) ( in Arabic , to the boy ) quickly , help gather we thing ! we must leave , right now ! the entire family now rush around the apartment , gather they belonging and pack they into several large , zippere , plastic duffel . the boy quickly strip the clothesline , while the girl retrieve article of clothing from the bed . adam , half conscious , come - to briefly as the girl pull a shawl from under he . adam ( shifting and look groggily at the young girl ) oh , sorry . with remarkable speed , the family finish pack . as the man talk to eve , the rest move in a group toward the door , the boy with the duffel , the woman and girl wrapping shawl around they head and face . man ( in Arabic ) I can not apologize more sincerely . we have no other place to go . my family and I be ashamed by this unfortunate misunderstanding . the family have move out the door and , hang he head , the man turn to follow they . 85 . eve ( in Arabic ) wait . the man turn and eve hand he some fold bill . he shake he head , unable to accept . eve ( cont would ) ( in Arabic , put the money in he hand ) I insist . find another place . the man back out the door , half bow . man ( in Arabic ) bless you . again , my apology . eve nevermind , but I still live here . she close the door and lean against it , arm fold across she chest . she survey the dishevel state of she apartment . Furniture rearrange , adam unconscious on the bed . she cross the room , make sure the curtain be tightly close . CUT to black . fade up to : int . eve 's apartment - late evening spin slowly clockwise , and view from above , adam and eve be ' asleep 's on the bed . they be still fully clothed , eve 's head rest on adam 's shin , the room softly light by several lamp . the spin slow and stop . from outside , the haunt call - to- prayer can be hear faintly in the distance . after a few moment eve 's eye open . they be less alert than usual . she rub they , and look around she . she look at she watch . slowly she sit up and retrieve she white phone from the nightstand . she turn it on and dial a number , then wait . after a moment she turn the phone off , concern apparent in she expression . eve ( quietly to herself ) damnit , marlowe , where be you ? 86 . she stare off into space for a moment , then turn toward adam . look down at he , she lovingly caress he hair then run the back of she hand across he sink cheek . then , raise he hand in hers , she kiss he wedding ring , then replace he arm . eve gently rock adam 's shoulder , now attempt to wake he . he remain unconscious , silent and unmove . she rock he again , harder . still no result . eve ( cont would ) damnit , Adam ! she pull he hair away from one side of he face , then slap he sharply across the cheek . a moment later adam stir and grunt , then groggily raise one hand to he cheek . adam ( in a delay reaction ) oww . ( pause , eye open half way ) what be that for ? eve smile wanly , then lean in and kiss he on the cheek she have strike . adam ( cont would ) ( rise to he elbow with difficulty ) where be we ? he rub he bleary eye , look around he . adam ( cont would ) ( weakly ) do you find marlowe ? eve no , not yet . but you gotta get up . we be gonna go find he . adam ( pull himself up a fraction higher ) if I can even fuckin’ walk ... eve help hoist he into a sit position . eve ( gently ) it will be alright , baby . she stroke he hair . CUT to : 87. ext . tangier street - night adam and eve walk shakily through the shadow corridor of the medina , adam partially support himself on eve 's shoulder . she be also weak , but determine . they move past several man outside a dim cafe . one approach they , speak in English . man in STREET I have something very special for you . adam ( faintly ) not what I need , I be sure . man in STREET be you sure ? then , after get a better look at the strange couple as they pass through a shaft of dim light , he retreat . man in STREET ( contd ) ( in English ) no , perhaps not . at the next corner they pause , look across the small square of the petit socco . on the opposite side be the one thousand and one night cafe , where eve have she previous rendezvous with marlowe . this time though its light be turn off , its door close and shade . eve fuck . adam what ? eve come on . they stumble across the square , arrive at the lock door of the cafe . eve knock on the door . no response . adam ( slouching ) shit , baby . we be not gonna make it . eve knock again , much louder this time . she turn and look around they , prop adam up against she . just then , there be the sound of someone approach the door from inside . a lock turn and the door open a crack . part of a man 's face be visible . the door then open wider . it be the moroccan barman who be there before . 88 . his eye be wide , worried . he quickly usher eve and adam through the door and into the darken cafe . CUT to : int . one thousand and one night cafe - night the moroccan barman cautiously lock the door behind they , then turn to face eve , he sympathetic eye on the verge of tear . barman ( in English ) Madame , the boss be not well . this be a very bad situation . very bad . as he say this he briefly take eve 's hand in he own . letting it go , he turn and cross beyond the bar , stop near a close door . open it , he turn to they . barman ( cont would ) please , this way . eve and adam cross and pass through the door . CUT to : int . back room , one thousand and one night cafe - night the barman close the door and turn to face they . the room be a relatively small office ; a library line with bookshelve , there be a desk , several chair , and a tea - table . book be stack everywhere . barman ( crossing the small room ) this be we private library . he press on a leather - bound book in one of the bookcase . the entire section of wall open , revealing a secret doorway . again he motion to they and they cross and move through the open into a hide room . CUT to : int . hidden room , one thousand and one night cafe - night just behind eve , adam and the barman , the door mechanically close . the room be medium -size , windowless , and light by lamp and candle . it 's wall be dark , it 's furnishings a mixture of antique european and moroccan . a small desk sit in a corner , its surface a mess of handwritten manuscript . Central to the room however be a antique day with a recline figure under a dark red , velvet cover . 89 . it 's marlowe , pale , weak and thin . his eye slowly open and light up faintly as they locate he visitor . with effort , he lift one hand , palm down , toward eve . marlowe ( half whisper ) well , well . look what the cat drag in . eve step over and take he hand , kissing it , and kneel next to he . eve my dear Christopher marlowe . marlowe you look ... like shit . over she shoulder he see the barman near the door , then adam who be again propped against a wall . marlowe ( cont would ) ( to adam ) [ he quote from hamlet - tbd ] adam ( to marlowe ) [ he respond with a quote from hamlet - tbd ] this elicit a weak smile from marlowe . eve what happen , kit ? feebly he hand feel for something next to he , under the velvet bed -cover . he lift a tarnish , inlaid flask and attempt to hand it to eve . she take it from he . marlowe ( he voice now weaker ) it 's the last of the ( cough ) good stuff . ( pause ) it 's too late for I . eve open the top and take a small sip . then reach behind she , she hand the flask to adam . he take a sip immediately , then sluggishly hand the flask back to eve . marlowe ( cont would ) no more good french doctor . I ... get some bad stuff . contaminate . avoid ... the hospital ... here . as eve slide the flask into she pocket the moroccan barman approach and also kneel next to the bed . 90 . marlowe look at he affectionately , and the man take marlowe 's hand , he dark eye beginning to tear . adam , have regain a small amount of strength , step over to the write desk which be light by a candle . adam still be scribbling a bit , then , kit ? the other look over , marlowe 's eye slowly follow . marlowe oh , you know ... here and there over the ( cough ) century ... adam lift the candle to a portrait on the wall . it 's a familiar image of William Shakespeare , frame in dark wood with a knife firmly plant in the forehead . see it , eve laugh lightly . eve well , there he be . marlowe ( with a sudden jolt of energy ) illiterate ! adam set the candle down on a table under the portrait and turn to marlowe . adam yeah . but they pull it off , do not they , kit ? and you play along . marlowe ( he voice fade ) have no choice , really ... it be ( cough ) highly political . after all , I be suppose to be ... dead . ( cough ) eve and the barman now each hold one of marlowe 's skeletal hand . marlowe make a effort to look into eve 's eye . marlowe ( cont would ) and now , at last ... I shall be . marlowe 's eye drift back to the deface portrait of Shakespeare . marlowe ( cont would ) ( he voice nearly go ) mindless ... entrepreneurial ... bastard . 91 . marlowe 's eye close . his breathe stop . eve , tear stream , gently stroke he hair . the barman lean in , bury he head in marlowe 's chest . he begin to sob . adam slowly step over and kneel , with the other two , next to the bed . adam ( reverently ) great fuck poet . eve ( cry softly ) if the world could only know ... adam lift marlowe 's hand to he lip and kiss it , then gently replace the dead man 's arm . fade to black . over black : '' I want to hold you close like a lute , so we can cry out with loving . you would rather throw stone at a mirror I be you mirror and here be the stone . '' - rumi CUT to : ext . tangeir alleyway - night adam and eve hover somberly in a narrow alley behind some building not far from the cafe . silently they lean against a wall , shoulder to shoulder . eve , face still streak from she tear , carefully take out the flask and take a small sip . she hand it to adam who sip , then tilt the flask approximate it 's meager content . he then hand it back to eve . adam 's head roll back against the wall . he study a tangle mass of electrical wire just above he , hang from the building . adam look at that shit . eve 's head tilt back . adam ( cont would ) how fuckin’ ridiculous . 92 . eve ( teasing , imitate he ) yeah , stupid bloody human . after a brief reaction from adam , there be a moment of silence . then suddenly they speak in unison . adam and eve what be we gonna do ? there be a pause before eve laugh . adam attempt to scowl . eve hey , I know what I be gonna do . adam what ? eve I be gonna give you a present . she hold onto he tightly . eve ( cont would ) we be gonna go a few block away , and you be gonna wait for I there . ok ? adam what ? ok . eve do you have any money on you ? she kiss he cheek . adam uhh , yeah . a lot . eve ( bright eye ) good . give I all you money , baby . her arm still around he , he hand fumble to locate he outer coat pocket . CUT to : ext . tangier street - night adam lean against a wall in the shadow . he be on a narrow street just off the petit socco , peer into the open , front window of a bar or small club . from inside , hallucinatory music mix traditional Middle Eastern and North African form with something more modern and equally entrance . 93 . most remarkable , though , be how the music slowly swirl around a single female voice , half whisper the vocal in Arabic adam become mesmerize . several shadowy figure pass he , one pause . shadowy figure ( in french ) I have something very special , my friend . adam wave he away , absorb by the music . from over he shoulder the musician can be see inside . several seat player with traditional clothes and instrument half - encircle the singer . she be a strike young woman with long dark hair , wear tight jeans and a dark t-shirt . she be catlike and sinuous , she voice a strong yet delicate instrument . she be riveting . someone touch adam from behind he and he stiffen and turn . eve be there stand next to he , conceal a fairly large object behind she back . again she eye be bright , but with dark circle around they , as be adam 's . adam shit , man , you startle I . eve sorry , darling . she kiss he on the cheek . his eye be draw back to the musician . adam ( enthusiasm somehow leak through he deplete state ) Eve , check this out . this chick be fantastic . eve peer through the window . the singer slowly spin as she sing . eve oh , yeah . she 's call yaz . she 's lebanese . adam you know she ? eve just she music . ( pause ) they say she 's gonna be a big star , though . 94 . adam ( still absorb ) God , I hope not . ( pause ) she 's way too good for that . eve ( observe he ) you wanna go in ? adam ( propped against the wall ) no . I could not handle it , I do not think . he turn to eve and notice by the way she 's stand that she 's conceal something behind she . adam ( cont would ) what 's all this , then ? eve you present . CUT to : ext . tangier market stall - night eve , smile , back away from he and into a small market stall . Adam follow , and eve present he with a beautiful antique , inlaid lute . adam 's sink eye lock on the instrument as she gently deliver it into he hand . eve ( proudly ) 1605 . adam pluck several string and hold the body of the lute to he ear . eve ( cont would ) be eyeing it for you for year . you never know , maybe it be John dowland 's . adam half - stumble toward she , hold the lute with one arm and embrace she with the other . adam it 's exquisite . thank you . ( pause ) though a rather odd time to be give I a present . eve ( brightly ) but I tell you I would . 95 . a shadow figure pass by the stall , pause to briefly peer in at they . it then move away . adam let 's get out of here . ( pause ) can we go down by the water ? I need to see some water . eve nod and take he hand , pull he back into the dim , narrow street . CUT to : ext . tangier street - night each with one arm around the other , and adam clutching the lute to he chest , the two move precariously around a corner , then recede unsteadily across the small , dirty square . CUT to : ext . port of tangier - night on a small , desert public terrace in the ville nouvelle adam and eve sit look out onto a sweeping view of the port . its water be black and glitter . in the light they skin be luminously white , they feature frail and sink . adam hold the lute across he lap . after a silence , eve carefully open marlowe 's flask and take a sip . she then pass it to adam . as he drink , the angle of the flask make it clear that very little of the fluid be leave inside . adam hand it back to she , both again gaze out at the water . adam ( distantly ) 82 % of human blood be water . ( pause , he turn to she ) have the water war start yet ? or be it still about the oil ? eve ( look off ) yeah , they be already start . adam ( eye return to the dance water ) they only figure it out when it 's too late , do not they ? eve ( after a pause ) how much of a human 's body be water ? 96 . adam about 55 to 60 % . eve and how much of the earth 's surface ? adam uh , well , 70 % be cover in ocean ( pause ) then there be lake , river ... adam begin to gently pluck the string of the lute , soon find a haunt , minimal pattern of note . eve listen calmly as the tone from the antique wood resonate , delicately mixing with the sparse sound of the sleep port and city around they . adam 's music now begin to falter . his hand and finger beginning to tremble . he stop play . adam ( cont would ) fuck. ( pause ) I be barely still here . eve open the flask and hold it up to he lip , only a few drop enter they . she then let another drop fall on she own tongue . adam ( cont would ) that 's the last of it , be not it ? ( pause , he head now back look at the black sky ) . oh , eve. someone call a angel down . it 's gettin’ too dark here on the ground . eve yeah . feebly , she toss the empty flask out toward the black water . a moment later a small '' splash '' be audible . eve then place a hand on adam 's tremble finger . adam and kit say to avoid the hospital , yeah ? eve yeah . again they stare listlessly off into the water . adam 's finger again begin to pluck the lute string , though even more slowly this time . as eve look into the water , adam half - notice a young moroccan couple approach . 97 . they laugh , then stop near a railing some distance away oblivious to adam and eve 's presence . the young couple begin a long , passionate kiss , they arm fully encircle each other . eve now notice they too , watch approvingly for a moment before she eye return to the water . eve ( cont would ) ( softly ) tell I now about Einstein 's theory that you mention , spooky action at a distance . ( pause , then look over at he ) do it have something to do with quantum theory ? adam ( still slowly pluck the lute ) yeah . no . I mean , it 's nota theory , it 's be prove . eve yeah ? so , what be it ? he stop play . adam ( speak slowly , weakly ) well , when you separate a entwine particle and move the two part far away from each other , even at opposite end of the universe , then if you alter or affect one , the other will , spookily , be identically alter or affect . eve again observe the young moroccan couple , still enfold in they endless kiss . eve even at opposite end of the universe ? adam uh , yeah . eve turn to adam , lean in and engage he in a long kiss . she then pull back a little , and they gaze into each other eye . eve and what if this particle ... be in alternate universe ? adam well ... I guess then ...uh...hmm ... 98 . eve smile and rest she head on he shoulder . her attention drift back to the young lover nearby , as do adam 's . the young moroccan 's lithe body remain press against one another , lip lock , hand caress each other , the dark water glitter just behind they . there be a period of silence , adam and eve continue to observe they . eve eventually glance at adam . eve be that what we be think ? adam do not respond , he eye now ghoulishly lock on the embrace couple . eve ( cont would ) Adam , really . that 's so fuckin’ fifteenth century . adam look over at she , then both again drift back to the lover entwine , entrance , completely oblivious to the world around they . eve ( cont would ) they be deliciously beautiful be not they ? adam ( half delirious ) what choice do we have , really ? eve ( after a pause ) I guess for once you be right . ( pause ) but we be only gonna turn they . ok ? adam how romantic of you . ( then after another pause , eye on the couple ) ok . I get the girl , though . eve gently slap he . she then brace herself and stand . she take a deep breath . adam carefully put down the lute next to he , then use the back of the bench for support , he shakily pull himself into a stand position . he turn to eve and she look deeply into he eye . eve then turn and descend toward the young embrace couple . adam , one arm still hold the bench for balance , pause , watch she intently . confidently , eve walk up to the young lover . eve Excuse I . 99 . the couple 's daze head slowly separate , they bleary eye attempt to focus on the source of this interruption . CUT to black . over black : '' Love be for vanish into the sky . the mind , for learn what man have do and try to do . Mystery be not to be solve . the eye go blind when it only want to see why . '' - rumi fade to black . end credit