orgy of the Dead back " orgy of the dead " by edward D. wood , JR . from he novel " orgy of the Dead " copyright 1965 astra production " orgy of the dead " fade in : ext . cemetery - night . closeup of heavy riveted iron door with round handle cover by spider web . two " giant " , wear leopard - skin short , iron bicep -band and headband , pull the heavy iron door open revealing the interior of the mausoleum . there be a ornate stone sarcophagus in the center of the room , raise up on a altar . the back wall have a mantle with a bust of the virgin Mary look downward at the coffin . there be a round red window in the center of the wall . a ray of red light shine through the window , illuminate the misty fog hang in the air . the giant walk into the mausoleum . they lift the heavy stone lid off of the coffin , revealing criswell . he be lie in the coffin on he back , with he arm cross over he chest and eye close . he be wear black suit pants , a white shirt , a black ribbon - like bow-tie , and a black satin cape . dissolve to : medium shot of criswell we see criswell , narrator of we tale and sole ruler of the dark world , now sit upright , slouching somewhat in he coffin , glance offscreen ( at he cue card ) . during he monologue , each time criswell look up at the camera a dramatic pause be insert as he then look back down at the cue card and search for he place in order to continue . criswell I be criswell ! for year I have tell the almost unbelievable , related the unreal , and show it to be more ... than a fact . now I tell a tale of the threshold , people , so astounding that some of you may faint . monologue continue as camera cut to graveyard sequence : shot of a ancient tombstone , surround by fog , with a human skull sit at its base . dissolve to : closeup of black raven with thick fog swirl around it dissolve to : another tombstone , with a cherub-like engrave on the front dissolve to : a plaque- like grave stone on the ground with fog swirl over it , a Skull and a long bone sit on the ground by it criswell ( Voice over ) this be a story of that in the twilight time ... once human , now monster , in a void between the live and the dead . monster to be pity , monster to be despise ... CUT back to criswell : criswell ( continue ) a night with the ghoul ... the ghoul reborn , from the innnermost depth ...of the world . title music begins MAIN title title be superimpose over a still photo of a gild nude female figure sit on the stone altar in the mausoleum . astra production present criswell in orgy of the dead copyright by astra production 1965 star fawn silver as Black ghoul PAT barringer as shirley william bate as Bob feature gold girl dance ........... PAT barringer Hawaiian dance ............. mickey jine skeleton dance ........... barbara nordin indian dance ............... bunny glaser slave dance .............. nadejda dobrev Street Walker dance ...... coleen o'brien cat dance ................... TEXAS starr fluff dance ................ rene do beau mexican dance ........... stephanie jone Zombie dance ............... dene starnes mummy ....................... louis ojena Wolf man ................... JOHN andrews Doctor ................... edward tontini second Doctor ............ william bonner Giants .................... rod lindemann detective ................... JOHN bealey nurse .................... arlene spooner costume ................. ROBERT darieux Art director ............. ROBERT lathrop set .................. ernest bouvenkamp sound ....................... dale knight Assistant cameraman ...... ROBERT maxwell make-up ................. margaret davie hairdresser .............. nancy sandoval choreographer .................. marc desmond still photographer ............ ROBERT wilson production supervisor .......... tad stafford Post production supervisor .. donald A. davis Color ......................... eastman color Processing ..... consolidated film industries screenplay by edward D. wood , JR . from he novel " orgy of the Dead " director of cinematography ROBERT caramico associate Producers william bate l.s. jensen neil B. stein produce and directed by A. c. stephen fade to black . fade in . ext . highway in wilderness . " night " a convertible be drive along a desert road . long shot of the automobile drive be film in bright sunlight . the desert hill be clearly visible in the background , with only a slight darken to suggest day - for-night , but the car 's headlight be on so we clearly understand that it be pitch black in the dead of night . CUT to : medium shot - bob and shirley in car . night bob and shirley be seat in the convertible , drive through the night , on a " date " . they be search for a ancient cemetery . medium shot have a pitch black background and dark shadow across the car . shirley be lean over in she seat toward Bob , who be drive . shirley we sure pick the wrong night to find a cemetery . let 's turn back . bob no . it 's on a night like this when the best idea come to mind . shirley but do it have to be in a cemetery ? bob you would not understand . see a cemetery on a night like this can stir in the mind the best idea for a good horror story . shirley but there be so many wonderful thing to write about , Bob . bob sure there be -- and I have try they all . Plays , love storey , western , dog storey . huh , now there be a good one , that dog story all about -- shirley ( interrupt ) but horror storey ! why all the time horror storey ? bob shirley , I write for year without sell a single word . Bob let go of the wheel with he right arm and put it around shirley , who lean closer against he . bob my monster have do well for I . you think I would give that up just so I could write about tree , or dog , or daisy ? huhuh -- daisy ! that 's it , I will write about my creature who be push up the daisy . shirley look up at Bob and smile . he tilt he head down and they kiss . bob you puritan upbringing hold you back from my monster , but it certainly do not hurt you art of kissing . shirley that 's life . my kiss be alive . bob who 's to say my monster be not alive ? long shot of the car drive down the road CUT back to medium shot of Bob and shirley bob all of my book be base on fact , or legend . thats perhaps why they be more interesting and sell in the top spot . shirley well , fact or not , I do not see how we be go to find a ancient cemetery in this mountain tonight . I can not see a thing ! let 's turn back . bob there 's a old cemetery on this road . I have be there before . long shot of car drive up a desert road with a sandy mountain in the background . shirley I be get the jitter ! let 's turn back ! bob ( reluctantly ) okay . Bob take he arm from around shirley and put it back on the wheel . bob just as soon as I find a place wide enough to turn around . closeup of car interior - dashboard . CUT back to medium shot - Bob and shirley shirley not so fast ! we hear sound of tire squealing on the road . closeup of car wheel racing along the road . CUT back to medium shot - Bob and shirley shirley ( desperately ) not so fast ! closeup - car pedal . Bob step hard on the brake , then pump the brake repeatedly . CUT back to medium shot - Bob and shirley . shirley scream and hide she face with she hand . zoom in on a high dirt bank at the roadside , then the screen swirl and spin quickly to suggest a dizzying automobile crash . dissolve to : ext . wood - night Bob and shirley be lie on they back , unconcsious , on the ground . the ground be cover by scattered leave . misty fog swirl over they . ( beat ) shirley wake up and sit upright groggily . she look around , then look down at Bob . she move toward he and cradle he head in she lap . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - night Cemetery be fill with fog . we see a large stone throne frame by ornate column , with a altar beneath it . there be tombstone in the background , and skull and bone on the ground . camera pan right across a small clear to the mausoleum . criswell ( vo ) it be say on clear night , beneath the cold light of the moon , howl the dog and the wolf , and creep thing crawl out of the slime . it be then the ghoul feast in all they radiance . the mausoleum door creak open on they own , and criswell quickly stalk out across the clear , hide he face behind he long black cape which be hold up with he bent elbow against he face , in dracula fashion . criswell ( vo - continue ) it be on night like this most people prefer to steer clear of , uh , burial Grounds . it be on night like this , that the creature be say to appear , and to walk ! CUT to : medium shot , criswell climbing onto he throne criswell walk up the step to the altar , across the altar , and then sit down on the stone seat . he then slowly lower he cape from he face and regally look off to the right ( at he cue card ) . criswell the day be go , the night be upon we , and the moon , which control all of the underworld , once again shine ... in radiant contentment . ( beat ) come forth , come forth , of princess of darkness . criswell repeatedly beckon slowly toward himself with he right hand , stare across the clear at the mausoleum . the princess of darkness be stand in front of the mausoleum . she walk into the clear with a entrance demeanor , she arm outstretch straight in front of she . she be wear a long black low - cut dress with long open sleeve . the sleeve be line with red and hang down a couple foot from she wrist . she walk slowly over toward criswell 's throne . the princess of darkness stand beside criswell throne , cross she forearm in front of she chest , and bow toward he . he nod toward she . she reach out and place she leave hand on criswell 's right hand . criswell ( vo ) time seem to stand still . not so the ghoul , when a night of pleasure be at hand ! criswell continue to hold the princess of darkness 's hand , and she look at he seductively . criswell if I be not pleased by tonight 's entertainment , I shall banish they soul to everlast damnation ! the princess of darkness again cross she arm in front of she chest and slowly bow to criswell . CUT to shot of the full moon with dramatic cymbal crash , then back . criswell and who be to be first ? the princess of darkness clap twice , summoning the first of the night 's entertainer . this poor soul must dance for criswell 's approval . if he be pleased , they can continue to entertain he for century , but if not , they will be banish to everlast damnation by the all-powerful criswell . long shot of the clearing . huge flame rise from the ground in front of the clear . the indian girl enter the clear and begin to dance . she be wear a red Native american - style dress and headband . princess of darkness one who love flame . her lover be kill by flame . she die in flame . the indian girl dance begin . the indian girl dance around for awhile , then dance away into the foggy background . ext . wood - night Bob slowly wake up and sit up . Bob and shirley look around . ext . graveyard - night the princess of darkness point dramatically toward the mausoleum and begin to speak without move she lip ! a marvel of filmmake art . princess of darkness ( out of sync with picture ) one who prowl the lonely street at night in life be bound to prowl they in eternity . the STREET WALKER dance begin . the STREET WALKER walk into the clear wear a pink dress and purple feather boa , and beckon with she finger as if to say , " come here , criswell ! " ext . wood . night . at the car accident scene with Bob and shirley , slow jazz music be audible from the nearby festivity in the cemetery . Bob and shirley be still sit on the ground , look toward the source of the music . criswell ( vo ) ahh , the curiousity of youth ... on the road to ruin ! May it ever be so adventurous ! shirley I be so frighten . bob well we certainly can not stay here . c'mon . shirley where ? bob in there . shirley it frighten I . bob silly , there 's nothing in there to be afraid of . shirley then.. then what 's that music ? bob that 's what I want to find out . we have to get help . shirley what help can we possibly find in the cemetery at this time of night ? bob something 's make that music . shirley I be not sure I care to find out what it be . bob all right . do not worry , I will be right beside you . shirley what help will that do if something in there be not dead ? bob not dead ? in a cemetery ? shirley I can not imagine anything dead play that music . bob well , it 's probably just the caretaker , and that 's exactly who we want to find . they will have a telephone . c'mon . Bob help shirley up from the ground and lead she into the thick bush . ext . cemetery , night criswell nod repeatedly , smile at the dancer in approval . the Street Walker 's clothes have suddenly disappear . Bob and shirley creep beneath the bush , crouch down low . they reach the edge of the clear where criswell and the princess of darkness be watch the Street Walker dance . shirley could it be some kind of college initiation ? bob it 's a initiation all right , but not of a college as you and I know they . nothing alive look like that ! shirley can not we get out of here ? bob I be not sure ... shirley what do you mean ? bob I be not sure , myself . it 's just a feel I have have since the crash ... like I feel a cold chill all over .. .. now this ! the Street Walker dance with a skeleton that be hang by the door of the mausoleum . the Street Walker dance end . criswell I would see for approval , the one who in life worshipped gold above all else . the princess of darkness point dramatically toward the mausoleum again to start off the next dance . the giant walk to the door , now wear red and white horizontal - stripe miniskirt ( or ancient egyptian garb ? ) . they pull the iron door open slowly , and we see the gold girl dancer lie on she back on the altar inside . shirley ( point toward the mausoleum ) look ! bob be careful ! -- they will see you . the gold girl dancer rise slowly and seductively from the table , then stalkingly dance out into the clear . she be wear a metallic gold tunic-like dress . we see a shot of Bob and shirley watch , and suddenly the gold girl 's dress have disappear . the gold girl dance continue . criswell throw gold at she . the giant pick up a bucket of gold doubloon and begin slowly sprinkle they over the gold girl as she dance . she sit on the ground and reach for the fall coin . criswell more gold . the giant continue drop gold coin on the gold girl . she pick up the gold coin , rub they over she body , in ecstasy . criswell ( excitedly ) more gold ! the giant continue , to the delight of criswell . the gold girl try to scoop all the scattered coin closer to she . criswell ( impatiently ) more gold ! the giant continue . criswell be thrilled , and begin to laugh loudly . criswell ( to the princess ) for all eternity , she shall have gold . the princess of darkness laugh in acknowledgement , then clap she hand twice , commanding the Giants to finish the ceremony . the Giants walk toward the gold girl , who be still on the ground play with the gold coin and rub they on she body . the giant pick up the gold girl , who resist , try to maintain contact with the gold . she reach for it as they lift she up . closeup of a bubbling giant cauldron full of a substance that be suppose to look like gold . the Giants dip the gold girl foot first into the cauldron , submerging she entire body . a few second later , the giant lift the gold girl out of the cauldron . her body be now entirely gild , and she be stiff . they lift she onto they shoulder , carry she like a board , walk in front of criswell 's throne , then back into the mausoleum , lay she body on the altar . we see Bob and shirley , look dismay . criswell ( vo ) and both could not help but remember a line from one of Bob 's storey : " a sudden wind howl . the night thing be all about I . every shadow , a beckone invitation ... to disaster . I know I should think of other thing , of pleasant thing , but I can not . how can I think of other thing , of pleasant thing , when I be in a place surround by shadow and object , which can take any shape , here in the darkness ... any shape my mind can conceive . " deep in the wood , we see the wolf man and the mummy , walk quickly . suddenly , Bob and shirley be grab from behind by the wolf man and the mummy . the Wolf man and the mummy drag Bob and shirley over to the clear near criswell 's throne . the princess of darkness be now seat at criswell 's right side with he on he throne . criswell bring them in ! the princess of darkness stand and walk to the end of the altar below criswell 's throne , then sit on the lower seat at the end of the altar and cross she leg . the Wolf man and the mummy drag Bob and shirley over to the center of the clear to face criswell , the sole ruler of the Dark World . criswell they be live one ? the mummy ( with audible tape hiss add ) yes , master . criswell live one where only the dead should be ? the mummy yes , master , and we catch they , he and I . the mummy motion toward the Wolf man . the wolf man wwwwooooooaaaaaaauuuuugggghhhhahaaaa !!! criswell you shall both be reward . ( to princess ) my dear Empress of the night , put this intruder to the test . medium shot of princess of darkness . ( suddenly the princess of darkness be beside the throne again , several foot from the seat at the foot of the altar ) princess of darkness but they be not yet one of we . criswell ( happily ) a situation easily remedy . princess of darkness tie they that they may watch . CUT back to long shot of the entire throne and throne altar . the princess of darkness be now seat again at the end of the altar . the Wolf man and the mummy tie Bob and shirley to very tall grave stone . CUT to medium - close shot of princess of darkness , whose chest be heaving excitedly as she grip the handle of the long sacrificial dagger tuck into the belt at she waist . shirley ( desperately , to criswell ) fiend ! fiend ! princess of darkness to love the cat , be to be the cat ! criswell motion toward the princess of darkness , who then walk back up onto the altar and then sit down beside criswell again . the cat girl dance begin . criswell ( jovially ) a pussycat be bear to be whipped . the cat girl dance end . criswell ( excitedly ) it will please I very much to see the slave girl with she torture ! CUT to interior of the stone mausoleum . the ancient egyptian slave girl be chain from she wrist to a high hook on the wall . one of the " giant " pretend to whip she with a cat o' nine tail . CUT back to criswell . criswell ( excitedly ) torture ! torture ! it pleasure I ! the slave girl pull with all she might and the chain suddenly pop off the hook . she then push the iron door open and dance out into the clear . the slave dance conclude . shirley I be so frighten . bob you have get a right to be . we be trap by a bunch of fiend . shirley that creature ..! bob do not let they hear you . shirley what can we do ? bob I do not know . I just do not know . but do not give up . we be not finish yet . shirley close she eye and sigh . bob easy shirley , easy ! panic will not do we any good ! let I think . we have get to stall for time . shirley I be afraid I will faint . bob whatever you do , do not do that . the camera zoom back and we see that the Wolf man and the mummy be hide behind Bob and shirley . the Wolf man have he hand up to he ear so he can hear what Bob and shirley be say . the Wolf man and the mummy then creep over toward criswell 's throne . the Wolf man whisper into the princess of darkness 's ear while the mummy and criswell watch . the princess of darkness get up from the throne and walk over to shirley . shirley grimace . the princess of darkness unbutton shirley 's blouse , then mark shirley 's abdomen with a red ( blood ? ) cross use she long sharp fingernail . shirley scream . the princess of darkness pull she long dagger out of she belt and raise it , stare into shirley 's eye . suddenly , criswell yell : criswell hold ! the princess of darkness pause and look back at criswell . criswell let she continue to learn . the time be not yet right that they should join with we . the princess of darkness reluctantly put she dagger back in she belt and tuck shirley 's blouse back in . the princess of darkness walk back to criswell 's throne . he pull a human skull out from behind he seat . criswell ... and what be this ? princess of darkness a symbol , master . criswell what kind of symbol ? princess of darkness she love the bull ring and the matador . she dance to they destruction . now she dance to she own destruction . her dance be of skull . the princess of darkness take the skull from criswell and throw it dramatically into the clear . the mexican dance ( skull dance ) ensue . criswell she come to we on the Day of the Dead . princess of darkness El dia De Los muertos ... a celebration in she country . criswell her dance have pleased I . the princess of darkness snap she finger , start the hawaiian dance ( snake dance ) . princess of darkness with the loss of she lover , this one cast herself into the volcano 's fire . a couple time during the dance , there be abrupt cut to stock footage of a rattlesnake in a bright daylight shot in tall dry grass . ( look like it be from a documentary ) criswell she be ? princess of darkness as I say , a worshipper of snake , and of smoke , and flame . criswell oh , yes , a religion of sort . princess of darkness it would seem so , master . Hawaiian dance continue , then cut to the mummy and the Wolf man . the mummy I do not like snake . I remember the one cleopatra use . cute little rascal until it flicked out that red tongue , and that two sharp fang . you would never think such a little thing pack such a big wallop . the wolf man aaaaahhnnnhaaaaaannnhhh ? the mummy hurt she ? Hell , it kill she ! the wolf man ( in agreement ) aaaahhhhnnnahhhnnnggnnn. Hawaiian / snake girl continue to dance . the mummy we have lot of snake in my ancient Egypt ... slimy , slinky thing . the wolf man aahhhhnnnaaahahnn . aaaaaahhhhooowwwoooooooooooooooooooooo ! the mummy when I be alive , they be the thing nightmare be make of . the wolf man aaarrrgggaahh . the Hawaiian dance end . criswell she please I . permit she to live in the World of the snake . ( audible cue card flip ) criswell ( continue , after find he place on the next cue card ) now , I will talk ...to the Wolf man...and the mummy . princess of darkness as you wish , master the princess of darkness motion for the Wolf man and the mummy to come . the mummy he want we . the wolf man aaahhnnnahnnnn . the mummy what do you suppose for ? the wolf man aaaaannnnnuuunnnuhhhhh ? the mummy do you do something to get we into trouble again ? the wolf man aannnnaahhnn . the mummy do you howl off - key at the moon again ? the wolf man aannnnaahhnn . the mummy I can not remember do anything wrong either . princess of darkness come ! the mummy we better go before we make he mad . the Wolf man and the mummy walk over to criswell 's throne . the mummy ( apprehensively ) we be you servant , master . the Wolf man bow to criswell . criswell of course you be . the Wolf man and the mummy crouch in fear as they face criswell . the mummy have we in some way make you angry , master ? criswell you know better than that . the mummy we do not know of anything , master ... criswell then why do you shake so ? the mummy it 's not often a Emperor like you call on creature like we . criswell well rest easy , I be not angry with either of you . the mummy ( relieved ) aaaahhhh . the mummy sigh in relief and the Wolf man nod . the mummy then it be some service you desire of we . criswell you be the keeper of the damned . you two know they all . and I be tired of this usual type of entertainment . I want ... a decide change . princess of darkness the moon !... be soon go ! the princess of darkness point up at the full moon . princess of darkness there be little time leave for the remainder of the evening 's pleasure . the princess of darkness get up from the seat at the end of the altar and walk around beside criswell 's throne . criswell yes , yes yes I know all that . princess of darkness at the first sight of the morning sun 's ray , we must be go . criswell I suppose most of the other will have to wait for they judgement until after the next full moon . princess of darkness it would seem so , master criswell ahh , but I declare there be still time for something . the mummy there be one or two which should complement the night 's entertainment , master criswell ahh , good . then I will see they . dismiss the rest . the mummy yes , sir , master . Bob 's hand be wiggling , try to loosen the rope bind he wrist behind he back around the stone column . bob the rope be come loose . shirley be careful ! bob I be -- it 's we only chance . shirley nothing be worth you life . bob my guess be if we do not take the chance pretty soon , we be not go to have much life leave anyway . shirley I be frighten . I be so frighten . bob hold on just a little longer , shirley . shirley be careful , oh please be careful . we will never get out of here alive , I know it . I just feel it . bob you do ? shirley yes I feel it in my bone . bob you be talk nonsense . shirley oh , no I be not . this heathen probably have a open grave for we . bob they would not dare put we in the same grave -- or would they ? shirley I should hope not . I hate you ! bob that sudden ? shirley yes , that sudden . if it be not for you we would not be hunt for a old cemetery on a night like this . it 's all you fault . bob ( deject ) ... and I think you love I . the princess of darkness be lean over , cover she mouth and whisper into criswell 's ear , look over she hand back at shirley . criswell not yet . I perhaps have other plan for such a pretty one . no matter , I will tell you when and if you may have she . the princess of darkness cross she forearm and bow to criswell . princess of darkness the Wolf man inform I that the next one be the woman who murder she husband on they wedding night . now she dance with he skeleton . the skeleton dance begin . the skeleton dance girl , wear a white dress and long wedding veil , come into the clear with a skeleton . she dance with the skeleton , then dance in the clear for criswell . the skeleton dance conclude . criswell ( to shirley ) have you not enjoy the evening 's festivity ? shirley be silent and look downward . criswell ahh , that will soon change when you become one of we ! the Wolf man lean back and howl . ( he tilt he head back so far he fake rubber wolfman mask come up and you can see he skin at the bottom of he neck ) the wolf man wwaaaaaaooooooooooaaaaahhgggghhhaaaa - aaaaaaaaahhggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh ! criswell it would seem that the Wolf man would have you for he own ! shirley aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . criswell I have promise both the Wolf man and the mummy a reward . it could be that you be that reward . shirley aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . criswell you need not worry ... not just now , anyway . bob leave she alone , you fiend ! criswell fiend be it ! you will not be so fortunate . you existence will cease within moment . no one wish to see a man dance ... ( look at shirley ) and you , my dear , will entertain for century to come . bob if I could get my hand on you ... criswell .. oh , you could do nothing ! ( to shirley ) I can save you much pain . bob leave she alone , I tell you ! criswell ( to shirley ) I do not joke in my proposal . princess of darkness she be to be mine ! it be so speak ! criswell the princess of darkness would have you for she own to join we through extreme pain . ( beat ) yet I be inclined for one as lovely as you , to be more lenient . I have but to touch you with my finger , and it would mean the end of you , all over , quickly and painlessly ... shirley no. no! no ! criswell I repulse you ? very well . it seem you have choose you own fate . live with it ! I should say die with it ! Bob look down somberly , then look over at shirley . bob I have get the rope loose now . I have get my hand free . be careful -- do not change you expression too much . they must not catch on . shirley what can we do against they ? bob I do not know , yet . we will just have to watch we chance . when it come I will know what to do -- I hope I will know what to do . shirley I still do not know what ever make I go steady with a crackpot writer like you . bob all right . put it on heavy . shirley my old boyfriend Tommy would never have get I in a mess like this . at least he 's get brain . bob him ! I will bet he sleep with all the light on . shirley maybe so . CUT to shot of the mummy talk to the Wolf man the mummy I could make she another cleopatra ... the wolf man ahh hahahhnnn hahnnn ! the mummy without the snake , of course . princess of darkness ( impatiently ) well ? criswell ahh , she will be yours . princess of darkness ( impatiently ) when !? criswell at you discretion ... but first , I desire more entertainment . princess of darkness the moon be almost go ! criswell ahh , there be yet time . princess of darkness at the first sight of the morning 's ray ' light ... criswell ( get annoyed ) I know the law of the night . I state there be still time for yet another . princess of darkness ( forcefully ) I would have time for my own pleasure ! criswell ( angrily ) you own pleasure come only after mine , when I desire it . I be the sole ruler of the Dark World . there be no one to challenge my authority here . my word be the law -- all powerful . no one be to challenge that authority , no one !. be that understand ? it be my command . princess of darkness I understand , master criswell then see that it do not happen again , in the penalty of everlasting despair . now be there other ? princess of darkness there be other . criswell well then let we proceed . the princess of darkness snap she finger three time , summoning the Zombie dance girl . princess of darkness she live as a zombie in life , so she will remain forever a zombie in death . the zombie dance girl dance . bob easy , shirley . easy ! the Zombie dance conclude . princess of darkness the moon sink lower into the hill ! we must hurry to the finish . criswell I will decide the conclusion . princess of darkness ( impatiently ) you have the mummy cancel all the other schedule for this session . criswell ( interrupt ) then cancel my order . princess of darkness the moon be almost go ! criswell there be yet time . do not you want you own pleasure ? princess of darkness oh , if there be only time ! criswell hahh , there be always time ... all in good time ... there be always time . you shall have you pleasure . that ... I decree princess of darkness ( look at shirley ) all other be but infinitessimal bit of fluff , compare to she ( toward the dancer ) this one would have die for feather , fur , and fluff ... and so she do ! the fluff dance girl dance for approval . the fluff dance end . criswell look over at the princess of darkness . criswell the time ... be short . princess of darkness for what !?! criswell you pleasure of course ! princess of darkness you mean ...! criswell you may take she now . princess of darkness be there time ? criswell you better hope there be . princess of darkness thank you , master ! thank you . criswell now hurry , hurry . I will watch ! you desire may be my pleasure also ... we fitting climax to a evening 's enter - tainment . you must ... hurry now . the princess of darkness begin ceremoniously dance with she long sacrificial dagger , slowly move toward shirley , gaze back at criswell seductively . she finally get to shirley and cut the button off of shirley 's shirt , which be so tight it be about to burst open anyway . she unsnap the front of shirley 's bra . Bob see he chance and make he attempt at a " move , " merely step forward . he be instantly hammer - fisted on the back of the neck by the Wolf man , and fall down unconscious . the princess of darkness raise she long dagger high above shirley 's head . but suddenly , the sun rise ( it be already high overhead ) , and the night creature lose they power . the princess of darkness cling to shirley 's arm , as she slowly sink down to the ground , lose all strength . the camera pan around , show shirley and Bob 's face , then back to the ghoul , all of whom have turn to steaming skeleton . only they clothing and bone remain . Quick Zoom in on criswell 's throne . criswell 's steaming skeleton still sit , surveying the cemetery , wear he cape . fade to black fade in . ext . wood - morning at the clear in the wood near the car wreck , Bob and shirley be lie on they back on the ground , just as they be after the crash , before they get up to investigate the strange music that lead they to the ghoul . there be two doctor examine Bob and shirley . in the foreground , we see a reporter 's shoulder and hand . he be write down detail of the accident in a small paper pad . doctor # 1 easy , miss , everything 's gonna be alright . shirley bob? Bob ? doctor # 1 he 's right here beside you . he will be alright too . the reporter walk around and crouch beside shirley and doctor # 1 , and continue write in he pad . a newspaper photographer crouch in the foreground to get a shot of the accident scene and victim . shirley where be they , where do they go ? they try to kill I . doctor # 2 what 's this you say ? who be go to kill you ? shirley the ghoul -- they all turn into skeleton . doctor # 2 take it easy , miss . doctor # 1 what she need be a good rest . shirley it 's true , I tell you , it 's true ! they all turn into skeleton . she - she cut I here . shirley point to she abdomen where the princess of darkness have make the X with she fingernail . nurse crouch down and pull out a length of medical tape , then hand it to the doctor . she cut another piece of tape , but the doctor do not realize this and leave she hang ... doctor # 1 probably be bruise in the crash . doctor # 2 you know , you two be very lucky . shirley I love you Bob . I really do . forgive I ? bob there 's nothing to forgive . it be all a dream . shirley you love I then ? bob of course I do . the doctor put shirley onto a stretcher while the photographer take more picture . they put she into the back of a ambulance . then after the doctor listen to Bob 's neck with a stethoscope , Bob just get up and walk into the back of the ambulance . criswell ( vo ) as it be with all the night people , they be destroy by the first ray of the sun . but upon the first appearance of the deep shadow of the night , and when the moon be full , they will return , to rejoice ... in they evil lust , and take back with they any mortal who might happen along . CUT to : int . mausoleum , morning . criswell be back in he coffin , sit upright . criswell yes , they be lucky , that two young people ... May you be so lucky ... but do not trust to luck , at the full of the moon , when the night be dark ... make a wide path around the unholy grounds ... of the night people . who can say that we do not exist - can you ? but now , we return to we grave , and you ( point at audience ) may join we soon ! criswell recline back into he coffin , crossing he arm , and return to the slumber of the undead . the end . =============================================== appendix : dance in order of appearance in the film : 1 . indian dance ............... bunny glaser ( Fire ) 2 . Street Walker dance ...... coleen o'brien 3 . gold girl dance ........... PAT barringer ( also shirley ) 4 . cat dance ................... TEXAS starr 5 . slave dance .............. nadejda dobrev ( ancient egyptian ) 6 . mexican dance ........... stephanie jone ( skull ) 7 . Hawaiian dance ............. mickey jine ( snake ) 8 . skeleton dance ........... barbara nordin ( murdered husband , wedding night ) 9 . Zombie dance ............... dene starnes 10 . fluff dance ................ rene do beau =============================================== transcribe by Jake Royal back