orphan written by David Leslie Johnson February 5 , 2007 fade in : close -- kate coleman ( mid 30s ) she 's a simple beauty and very pregnant , propped up in a bed , wear a hospital gown . a heart rate monitor beeps . she touch she swollen belly , flush with excitement , she eye full of wonder . man' voice ( o.s. ) okayp , just relax.now . this will be over caitti before you know it . kate look up . her smile falter - as we reveal : int . delivery room - night harsh light overhead . - thunder rumble outside . kate 's on a. delivery table , leg already in the stirrup . a sheet hang - across she belly so we can not see what 's go on below she waist . a doctor and nurse snap pn glove , prepare instrument : sharp blade and curettes , needle and forcep . kate be stricken . she try to sit up . kate wait , I have change my mind . I do not want to do this anymore . the Doctor give the nurse a exasperate look . the nurse take rate 's hand , ease she back onto the table . nurse you baby be dead . there 's nothing . else we can do . kate reel , she world turn upside - dowp . emotional free-fall . kate no , this be not what 's suppose to happen . my baby 's alive ! nurse we be so sorry . a terrible loss , we be so sorry ... kate but it 's still alive ! it 's move ! feel it , you can feel it ! kate try to put the nurse 's hand on she . belly but the - nurse - pull away and hand the Doctor a pair of gleam . blunt-tipped surgical scissor . the Doctor lean between rate 's spread leg , disappear behind the curtain . rate gasp . rate no , stop ! I want to be asleep ! 2. - doctor - too late for anesthesia . '' the baby 's come . you be . go to experience some pressure now ... - kate wince and bite she lip as the Doctor go about he unseen work . a good - looking man in surgical scrub stand behind he .. bizarrely , he 's videotape - the whole thing . he 's kate 's husband , JOHN ( late 30' ) . he smile at she from behind - the camera . JOHN it 's okay , honey you be do great ! the Doctor hand the scissors , now slick with gore , to the nurse . h e take a suction . catheter and disappear behind - the curtain again . the nurse - press a button on a vacuum pump and the machine begin to hum . kate tightly close she eye . kate this be not happen . wake up , wake up , wake up ... suddenly -- the thin wail of a baby crying . rate 's eye go wide with ith horror as the smile nurse approach with a wriggle bundle wrap in a blanket . blood seep through the pink fabric . W e can not see what 's inside , but it 's move . and it 's crying . nurse congratulation , Mrs. coleman . it 's a girl . the nurse offer she the bloody , blankete bundle . kate scream - int . kate and john' bedroom - night -- then snap awake . she 's be have a nightmare . John lie n ext to she in bed . be stir , but do not wake . kate slip out of bed and quickly pad to the bathroom ; int . kate and john' bathroom - night kate close the door . we now see that she 's not pregnant in reality , only in she nightmare . she slide to the cold floor in t he dark , a hand on she flat belly as she start to cry ... int . doctor browning's office - day Water trickle in a little Zen fountain . kate sit across from - dr . - browning , a mousy - haire woman in she 50' . dr . browning a lot of woman experience difficulty around the anniversary of the miscarriage or the baby 's expect due date . it 's perfectly normal . 3. kate I be think of " go back to work . I really think 1 be do better . dr . browning you be . think about where you be just four month ago . - ( off kate 's look ) be you still sober ? kate hesitates . Dr. brown give she a penetrate look . kate I drive by the wine shop , on my.way . bome the other day . dr . browning do you stop ? kate I really want to . the think go through m ' head , you know . it be not for I , it just might be nice to have a bottle handy in case we have guest . dr . browning . but you do not go in ? kate no . dr . browning that 's all that matter . let 's try to stay focus on the. positive . grief be different for everyone . you have to take it at you own pace .. keep write in you journal . you be do fine . rate smile weakly . unconvince . int . live room -.day rate hang curtain over a beautiful picture window . she step ' back to admire she work , then sigh . now what ? now that she 's do , the house suddenly seem - quiet and lonely and too big . int . nursery - day kate sit in a rock chair , gaze out a distinctive arched ' window . we realize that she 's - in a fully furnish and decorate nursery . crib , change table , baby swing . no baby . ext . coleman residence - day it 's a big , dramatic home in a affluent neighborhood . kate % cross the backyard into the nearby wood . 4. ext . forest - day after a short walk , kate sit by a peaceful brook lose in she thought . , she pull a journal fill . with handwritten entry from she coat pocket . after a beat , ' she begin to write . ext . school for the deaf - day class have just let out , parent arrive to pick up they kide . but the playground be mostly silent -- this child a deaf , communicate to one another and they teacher by sign language . ' kate pull up in a luxury minivan . her five - year- old daughter max run over togreet she . she 's almost - ridiculously cute . ( note : Max do not speak . her " dialogue " be signed and subtitled . she wear a rearing aid - to help she read lip . when people speak to she , they must face she and / or sign . ) kate kiss Max 's'head and help she into the van , buckle she car seat . Max show she a art project she 's bring home . kate wow , do you make this ? max my teacher helped . int . / ext . kate minim - day kate 's ' drive . she stop at a intersection . a pregnant woman cross the street in front of they and stop at the corner . kate watch she for a long beat as if transfix ... in the backseat , max-clap she hand to get kate 's attention . kate turn and see Max point to the traffic light . ivs green . a car horn honk . kate snap - out of it and drive off . int . music room - day kate sit at a baby grand piano , ' try to compose a piece of .. music . she play a few note , frown , try again , take a pencil and erase what she 's write down . she pause to look over - at a beautiful orchid in a ornate plants= by the window . for a moment , she just stare at it . then : 13 1 she 's startle by something outside bouncing off the side of the house . she close she eye , frustrated . bangi eang1 bang ! she try to ignore it , but can not . ' ext . coleman residence - day Max be play basketball in the driveway , but the ball 's too big for she and the hoop 's too.high . every time she try to shoot , the ball fall short and bang against the house . 5 . kate open - the door , angrily signing as she speak : stop bang that against the house ! I be try - to work !. max sorry . Max give a abash look . kate sigh . she know she be too harsh with she . kate - no , I be sorry .. but just ... take a break for a little while , okay ? Max nod . kate go . back inside . a car pull into the-drive .. it 's John and eleven -- year-old - daniel , rate and John 's other child . Daniel 's blonde , brash , and -cocky , the all - american kid . he 's wear . a Little League uniform . Daniel run toward Max . he steal she ball and dribble - it around she in circle . - Max watch glumly . he offer she the ball , but when she reach for it , he snatch it away and shoot a lay -- up ..- daniel boo - yahl he shoot ! he score ! JOHN Nice one , champ ! - Daniel pump he arm and run inside . John walk up the drive , carry a bouquet of flowers . he hand Max the ball and lift she up to the basket . Max happily put the ball - through ' the hoop . JOHN all right ! ginme five ! she smile and give he a high - five as he carry she inside . yn '. music room - day - kate have just sit back down at the piano when she hear Daniel tear into the house and run upstairs . she slump she shoulder and close she notebook . no more work today . John enter . JOHN drape look'nice . kate curtain . ( off his.look ) they be curtain , not drape . and haw exciting be my life that - I now know the difference . 6 . he offer she the flower .. rate . that 's this for ? JOHN just love you . he kiss she as she take they . some of she gloomy mood melt . int . max's bedroom -- night kate tuck Max into bed . max read I a story ? kate ore story . then bedtime . okay ? Max nod . happily and pick up a book from she nightstand . kate groan inwardly when she see what it be . it '.s call . " we be go to have a baby , . but we have a angel instead . " kate you want to hear about the baby again ? Max nod . kate hesitates , then give Max a sad smile . int . max's bedroom - hight ( timecut ) kate sit on Max 's bed , read and show she the picture : kate " people send we flower and card , but we still miss we baby . if this just happen to you , I be sorry you get a angel instead of a'baby . i.think a baby would have be more fun . " the last picture be a family with a baby angel watch over they . max be baby jessie a angel ? kate yes , she be . she 's with we every day . kate give Max a gentle kiss on the forehead . int . kate and john' bathroom - night kate open a medicine chest ' and shake a pill from a prescription bottle . she swallow the pill - with a Dixie cup of water . 7. int . xatb and john' bedroom - night John watch tv in bed . kate enter from the bathroom in a nightshirt and sit on the bed . she.rub lotion on she foot . John watch she , then reach out , run he finger uup and down she back . kate freeze . he can not see the-nervous look that cross she face . he move closer , push she hair aside , kissing hex -. neck . kate respond stiffly , try to get . in the mood . he slide a hand around she waist , move it up to she breast ... kate I be sorry . I can not . shit ... she move away , tear suddenly in .her eye . he give a concerned look , let she have she space . a beat . kate I be so sick of feel like this . Christ , the kid must thing I be crazy . JOHN will you stop worry about what everybody else think ? kate how can I ? I see a pregnant woman today on the way home and I almost lose it . just burst into tear with Max sit right there . Daniel barely talk to I . you and I have not have sex in over a year now . what if i.never get better ? I do not want to lose you . JOHN you be never go to lose we . I promise you . I just wish ... ( off she look ) have you think any more about adopt ? kate I can not even be a mother to the child we already have . JOHN that 's not true . the kid understand . they just know you be not happy . kate but I should be . JOHN - do you want another child ? B. kate you snow I do . more than anything . JOHN even if it can -'t be 'biologically ours . kate - yes JOHN then what be we talk about this - for ? let 's do it . kate you - do not just adopt a child because you be lonely and depressed . JOHN that 's not why we would be do ..it . we want a child a year ago and we still want one , now .. kate we can not replace we baby . JOHN no , 'we can not . but we can take the ' place we make for she in we heart and we home and give it to a child who need a family . ( beat ) kate , we love be parent . we be good at it and 'it make . we happy . what better reason - do you want ? kate look at he for a beat , then smile and let she tear fall . int .- lawyer' office -- day kate and John be be interview by a female lawyer . lawyer - be you both employ ? JOHN I be - a architect at a firm in the city . the lawyer turn to kate . kate hesitates . kate I use to teach music at Yale . I have not work for about a year . lawyer - ( a beat , consider ) you be sure you want a older child ? - - ( more ) - - - 9. lawyer ( cont 'd ) with you background , you could have a newborn in as little as a year . JOHN we have 'alread y wait a.long time . : we would lake a child as : quickly as possible . lawyer .. well , ' get a older child - as definitely quick , not to mention cheaper , but - there 's a reason for that . a lbt of this kid - have serious behavioral problem . ' JOHN we have already sign up for special - need - ' adoption class . trust I , we be ready for anything . lawyer you must have a lot of love to give . be you look for a boy or a girl ? rate ( smile ) a girl . we would like a little girl .- - - ext . rural highway - aerial shot -- day camera find John 's car wind its way along a tree-line road ... } int . JOHN be car - day John be drive . kate be study page and page of photocopy record in a manila folder . - John give she a amused look . kate you be not worried about be prepare ? JOHN - there 's not gonna be a pop quiz . kate smile . she close the folder and look at a Polaroid of a happy , seven - year - old Puerto rican girl staple to the cover . the name next to the photo be yolanda . ext . home for girl - establishing - day - it 's a pillare mansion with a large porch . two nun supervise a' group of young girl on a playground .- a sign - out front read " ST . cabrini be home for girl . " John 's car pull into the parking lot . from-2l shaky , handheld Pov look out a second floor window , we see kate and John get out of the 'car . someone in watch they ... kate sense movement and look up ... but there 's no one there . ..y 10 . int . home for girl - playroom - day yolanda ; the girl from the Polaroid , be play with a dollhouse . the door-open . kate and John be lead inside by sister abigail , a African - american nun in she 50' . sister abigail yolanda , look who 's here to see you . yolanda , smile at kate and John . . she run over to greet they , but stand just out of they reach . - kate kneel in front of she . rate do not you look pretty ! yolanda 6ister abigail put ribbon in my hair . see ? kate wow , that be nice of she . look , we bring you something for the trip tomorrow . she hand she a bag of activity book and a " Travel turtle , " a kid - size lap desk for coloring in the car_ yolanda 's face light up . sister abigail what do you.say ? yolanda thank you . kate reach out to she , but yolanda pull -away , focus all she attention on she present . rate give she a sad ' smile . it . home for girl - playroom -- day ( timecut ) yolanda be draw a picture , " Travel turtle " on she lap . kate and abigail sit nearby , watch . kate seem worried . abigail notice . she speak in a low voice so yolanda will not hear : sister abigail nervous ? kate yeah . and happy . and excited . : and proud . and scared shitless . it ' 's funny . all the same feeling I have when I be pregnant with we other . . sister abigail that 's what really worry you , be not it ? something bad happen , the last time you feel this way . ( off kate 's look ) ( more ) sister abigail .cont 'd ) yolanda 's do something similar . she 's afraid of : get hurt again , . .too . bit I have a-good feel ' about you two . you can help . each other heal . and you be lucky . you have a wonderful husband who can be there for you both . a flicker cross rate 's eye at the mention of het " wonderful husband . " doubt ? uncertainty ? abigail .do 'es not see it . I h T. home for girl - corridor - day ' John emerge frcaitthe hen' room . the wall of the hallway be line - with Children 's - artwork . he glance at it as he walk by . suddenly , he stop short . amidst the crude watercolor and _macaroni mosaic be several beautiful ain 's , s' % surprisingly sophisticated , more like the work of henri ' R usseahan the of crayon - and-stick - figure scribbles surround they . then he hear something : a little girl be voice , softly hun = G a tune . we know the word . when I be juuust a lii.ittle yiiir. , I ask my mother , what will I be ?... M. hom13 or girl - art room - day . John follow the humming to a stark , white room . Light slant in from a big-window , shine on a little girl in a lacy white dress . her. back be to we , so.we can not see she face , just curl of platinum blonde hair spilling to she shoulder . she sit at a easel , all alone , painting another extraordinary picture . John watch , curious . suddenly ; she sense he presence . she - stop hum , the paintbrush freeze mid-stroke . she turn . she look about eight year old , with pale skin and - bright , doe - like eye , she delicate feature frame by shirley Temple curl . it 's the face - of a porcelain angel , a perfect little lave doll , friendly and invite . she wear a thick black velvet ribbon around she neck and one around each wrist . her 'name be esther . JOHN hi there . esther hello . - she speak with a strange accent . sound Eastern european . JOHN be this , painting all yours ? esth er yes . do you like they ? JOHN very much . they be remarkable . - 12. bss h T ank : you . my name be esther . what 's yours ? JOHN John . it 's nice to meet you . she smile and demurely offer she hand , giggle as he take it . she blushes , then turn back to she painting . it 's a half - finish jungle scene with a smiling lion crouch beneath a tree . JOHN so what 's this one go to bo ? esther my painting be storey that come from my imagination . - this one ' 's about a'sad mother lion who can not find she cube . JOHN she 's smile . esther she 's dream about she baby . it 's the only thing that make she happy . JOHN well , I hope she find they . esther she will . I , bok . as she speak , esther dab she brush and paint little lion cub curl up in front of they sleep mother : esther they be lose 'in the jungle ' and they be so scared because they do not 'have a mother or father . but just when they think they would be alone forever , they find they mother sleep under this tree . and they feel so safe that they fall asleep too . now when - the mother lion wake up , she dream will have come true . she have she family again . JOHN where do you learn how to do this ? esther y have just have lot of time to practice , I guess . it 's so boring here . joan you do not play outside with the other girl ? sound like they be have fun . 13. esther I like stay inside . that way I do not get my clothes dirty . JOHN ( amused ) - well , that 's very responsible of you , but I will - bet the sister could find something else for you . to wear . esteer you.do not like my dress ? - do not you think it 's pretty ? - JOHN you dress be . very pretty . I be , just say . you could - probably go outside if you really want to . - esther ( a beat , hesitant ) I do not like lay with the other .girl . I be different from everyone . JOHN there 's nothing wrong with different . esther yes , there be . everybody say there 's not , but it be not true . I do not care . if I be sad or lonely , I just come in here a no paint a story with a happy endingg and when people say they like . my painting , it make I feel better . ( off he look ) I think . peo le should always try to take the bad thing that happen to they and turn they into something good . do not you ? John be take aback . who j t1m1 ) dc ? before he can respond : .- rate ( o.s. ) there you be . rate and sister abigail stand in the doorway . John wave for kate to enter and esther sit up eagerly when she do . abigail 's expression darken when she see who John have be talk to . JOHN hey , I would like you to meet someone . - ( to esther ) . esther , this be my wife , kate . kate smile and offer she hand , but instead of shaking it , esther lovingly press it to she cheek . 14 . - estiir - motta ... kate 'and John exchange a beumse look ' . JOHN she paint this all by herself . ' rate wow , you be quite the little - artist . esthe'r thank you . you smell nice . kate laugh . sister abigail shift uncomfortably . esther would you like I to paint you a picture ? you can watch I if - you want . I be normally a little shy , but -- sister abigail ' esther , I be sorry , they do not have time for you to paint they a picture . ( off esther 's look ) they have to come with I now . yolanda 's go home with they tomorrow . be not that wonderful ? esther wilt . she release rate 's hand and muster a weak smile . esther yes . I be sure she will be very happy . kate it be nice meeting you . esther - the pleasure be mine . JOHN ( to sister abigail ) you have get a real talent on you hand here . sister abigail yes , we be very lucky to have she . but there 's something - strange - in abigail 's voice -- she definitely do not un - lucky . esther watch they go . int . home for girl - entry - day sister abigail walk kate and John to the front door . i5 . sister abigail the notary will be here at .ten for- you - to sign the placement agreement . kate thank you so much for all you help . kate give she a warm hug . but mid-embrace , she notice something : esther be at the end of the hallway , peer at they from around a corner . abigail and John see - - she , ' too . kate what do she say to I . back there ? it sound like ... " motta ? " sister abigail it 's Russian . it mean " mother . " int . john be car - night John whistle " whatever will be , will be " to himself as he drive . kate give he a amused look , then jokingly sing along : kate - when you be juuust a liuittle JOHN sorry , I have get that stick in my head now . kate she. make quite a impression on .you . JOHN I wish you co 'uld have hear the thing . she be say before you c&amp ; I in . I jatow adult who be not that mature . ( beat ) I wonder ' why they do not show we she case file . kate she probably be not there when we be first , look . JOHN it just blow may mind , a kid could go through as much - as she must have and still turn out like that . kate you sound like you be sorry we be not adopt she instead of yolanda . 16 . JOHN no , of course not . I just hope she. get the right break . ( off she look ) I would not trade we littl 'e ' girl for the world . you ) maw that . rate give he a ador look and squeeze he hand . ext . home for girl - establishing - morning . the sun be just rise , . warming the sky with a idyllic light . int . home for girl - dormitory .- morning the girl ( 5 - 7 ) be busily get dress and make they bed . the housemother inspect each of - they in turn . one bed remain unmade , its occupant miss . the housemother turn to the room , ready to give a scolding , but can not find who she 's look for : housemother where 's yolanda ? int . home for girl - washroom - morning the older girl ( 8 - 12 ) be -brush they tooth and wash up . the housemother enter and look around . housemother have any of you see - yolanda ? nobody have . int . home for girl -- various - morning sister abigail lead the nun and lay assistant in a search of the home , look for yolanda . the playroom , art room , chapel , classroom , laundry room , rest room . -- they be all empty . int . home for girl - basement - morning a young - nun , sister judith , walk downstairs into -a dark storage - area . lot of hide place . - sister judith yolanda ? be you hide - down here ? then she notice a closet behind she . the door. be ajar . she reach out , open it ... and nearly gag at what she see inside . low angil - inside the closet a child 's bare foot dangle in mis , , a ., im3 . the " Travel turtle " be on the floor beneath they . - a chair lie on its side nearby . 17 . int . HOTEL room -- morning - kate dry she ' hair in the bathroom . the phone ring o.s . she pause , suddenly concerned for some reason . she open the door . as John reach for - the phone , camera move in on kate . she watch from the doorway , she face already register dread . she know . even before he answer the phone , somehow she know . JOHN ( 0 ,s - ) bello ? ext . HOTEL room balcony - day the sky have turn gray . kate stare out at the hotel parking - lot , smoking a cigarette . - her eye be red ; - but she 's long since cried-herself out . John stand by the open-slide glass door . JOHN . the birth family be claim she body . they be plan a private service . he look to kate for a reaction , but she have none . he continue : JOHN sister abigail think she might have be play something call " the choke game . " it 's a kind of schoolyard dare . you try to get a rush by have someone choke you until you almost pass out . there have be case where kid have try it alone and accidentally hang themselves . a beat . kate 's voice be distant , as ; kate so that 's it ? she just vanish from we life ? JOHN we can have we awn -service . I think . it 's important that we - kate I have be ' in grief counseling for almost a year - and - a-half .. if you say the word " closure , . " I be go to - claw you eye out . she 's not angry , just matter - of - fact . be want to say something , but hold he tongue . silence hang heavy between they . kate maybe we be not suppose .to do this . 18. - JOHN .. no . do not say that . - rate - - we - try to .have a baby and I have a ' third - trimester miscarriage that leave . I sterile . ' we try to adopt and she die the night before we bring she home . that do not sound like ' somebody 's try to tell we . something ? JOHN - yolanda didn ' t the to. teach we a lesson .. we do not make this -happen . kate ' it do not make .anndifference . I can not go through this again . JOHN so let 's not . let 's adopt . bather . this bring kate back to reality . she eye he coolly . kate her body 's barely cold and you be already think about replace she ? JOHN . we can not replace yolanda any more than we can replace jessie . but we can not help she anymore , either . esther be alive and need a family . right now . kate we have to at least wait until . -- JOHN - until what ? I do not want to waste .a nother year of we life wishing for something that we.ca not -have. ( beat ) . I want we to feel like a family again . kate regards he for a beat , conflict . then : kate let 's see what sister abigail think . int . home for girl - sister abigail be office - day - sister abigail hand rate and John a folder with a Polaroid of esther staple to it . her - case file . 19 . sister abigail for the most - part , she 's an'ideal child . she 's originally from Russia , but she English be flawless , smart as a.tvhip and very mature Â°for she age . I do not think I have - ever have to tell she .anything -twice and I have never have to clean - up after she .. she 's a bit of a- nqat -freak . JOHN I think we can handle that . sister . abigail she 's also fiercely independent . , whatever the other - child want to do , she want to.dc the opposite . JOHN she tell I they make fun of she . sister abigail I be sure they do , but she do not make - thing any easier on herself . she just do not seem interested in friend .. she do not even play like a normal child . she just read and paint . most of the time she barely - speak . kate why do ' you think that be ? sister abigail . well , like most of the girl here , there 's be no shortage of hardship in she life .- she 's be orphane twice -- she birthmother die of aids , then the american family who adopt she be - kill in . a house fire . and I strongly suspect that she 's be sexually abuse as well . kate by who ? sister abigail I do not know . there 's nothing in she -history , but that do not necessarily mean anything . Russian adoption - record . be notoriously unreliable . JOHN then what be you base this on ? sister abigail hesitates . decide how much to say . 20 . sister abigail I wish I know . there 's just something miss with she . a-spark you see in a child 's eye that be not there . I have only see that - before in case where the child have be severely traumatize . it might also explain - some of she idiosyncratic behavior . JOHN like what ? sister abigail she refuse to shower or change clothes with the other girl . ' she will not even allow the housemother in - the bathroom with she . she .'.s also very concerned with she physical appearance for she age . she 's like a teenager get ready for a date every morning . she insist on wear dress - every day . the ribbon around she wrist and neck stay on day and night . . the only trouble we ever have with she be when we try to take they off . she kick two of sister Francis ' tooth - out . kate and tohn be take . aback . abigail sigh . sister abigail I be sorry . I be ' not try to discourage you . if you be serious , I will do everything I can to - expedite the process , give the circumstance . ( beat ) my one reservation be .. this . when - a adoption fail , it 's usually because the parent do not know what to expect . - and 'in this case , I can not ' tell you what to expect because the plain fact of the- matter be that - I do not knaw . int : home for girl - chapel day esther be happily - help a nun clean the sanctuary . kate and John sit in a pew near the back of the empty chapel . kate she really do open up with we , do not she ? JOHN she latch . right onto you . we be probably the best chance she have at a. normal life . esther look up from she work and wave at they . they wave back . 21 . kate a normal life ..' that sound really good , ' , do not it ? - she smile . and take John - .'s hand . ext . home for girl - day . caxera follows esther 's foot , saddle shoe clicking on - the walk . kate walk beside she , hold she hand . in esther 's free hand , she clutches a dog - eared bible hold together with a rubber band . activity on the playground stop as the girl watch esther leave . none of they look sorry to see she go . she ignore they . John put . esther 's thing ---- a small suitcase and her-paintings in the trunk of the car .. sister - abigail see they off . - sister abigail if you ever need anything , please do not hesitate to call . before kate. can respond , esther tug on she arm . _esther come on ! let 's - go ) kate laughingly let esther drag she away . rate ( to abigail ) we will sister abigail happily watch they go .. rate and esther smile and wave goodbye . ' she 'wave back ... but once the car pull out , she smile fade . she seem 'vaguely troubled as they drive away ... int . / ext . JOHN be car - day headed for home . kate be show esther some sign language . esther make the sign for each letter as she say it aloud : esther e-s-t - kate put you thumb here . she make the sign for ' T . " esther. see she mistake , correct it . esther t-h-e-r. ' e-s-t-h-e-r. esther . rate perfect l 22 . esther smile and practices=it a few time .- outside , the leave have turn color . esther gaze out in - wonder . - esther it 's so beautiful , motta . kate sweetie , here we say " mont " or. " mommy . " esther kate and John exchange - a warm look . ext . private road - day John 's car turn at a gate and drive down the road lead - to they private community . the secluded road wind through the forest and cross the little brook we see earlier . ext . neighborbood ' - day the coleman 's neighborhood 3.s surround by forest , - a upscale community of big house and manicure lawn . a postman deliver the mail . a hispanic nanny push a baby in a stroller . gardener tend someone 's flower . esther - soak it all in . ext . coleman residence - day they pull into the driveway and get out . esther 's mouth practically hang open at the sight of they beautiful house . the front door open and Max run out to meet they . Daniel appear in the doorway - with doris coleman ( arid - 60 's ) , they grandmother . Daniel stand aghast at the sight of the strange , pale girl with the goldilocks curl and frilly white dress . daniel ( softly ) - Holy shit : .. max. run straight into kate 's arm and get a big hug . kate oh , we miss you so muchll kate give Max a kiss , then turn to esther : Max hang back , a little shy . esther sign ' to Max without speak : - esther hello , max . my name be esther . Max give kate a excited smile . kate she 's be practice the whole way . 23 . kate take the girl ' hand and they all walk up 'to the house . esther notice man 's hearing aid . EST -her - what 's that ? kate . that 's a hearing aid . it help she hear . a little so she can read lip . John give doris a use on the cheek . JOHN hi , mont . thanks for watch they . ( to esther ) esther , this be grandma doris . estser a pleasure to meet you . esther surprise everyone by give she a perfect ltttle rtse Daniel fail to suppress a laugh . kate silence he with a look . doris how precious ! it 's a pleasure - to meet you , too . jun ( to esther ) and this be we son , Daniel . esther smile and put out she hand . Daniel grudgingly take it . esther hello , Daniel . daniel hey . int . coleman residence - various - day esther walk from room to room , in awe of she luxurious new home . kate and the rest of the family follow she . esther everything 's so bigi as esther move on to the next room , Daniel hang back and whisper to John , too loud : daniel why be she dress like that ? JOHN do not be rude . 24 . esther overhear they , but pretend she do not . kate see this - and try to distract she . - kate would you like to see- you room ? esther smile and nod eagerly . but on the way up the stair , she eye Daniel furtively , size he up ... int . esther' bedroom - day kate push the door open and esther enter . we recognize the room by the arched window -- this use to be the-nursery .- it 's be completely make over as a little girl 's room , complete with a lacy white canopy bed cover with a mountain of stuffed animal .. esther turn to kate and John with a toothpaste - commercial smile . esther it 's perfect . int . esther' bedroom - night esther be in bed , wear a nightgown . kate and John tuck she in . esther I love.you , motta -- I mean , monmiy . kate I love you , too , sweetie . she kiss esther on the forehead . John lean in for a kiss and esther , hug - he tight . then he and kate turn out the light and close the door . esther watch they go ...- int . upstair hallway - night kate and John walk to they room , arm lovingly around each other . they close they door , leave the hallway empty and dark . then : camera slowly move back down the hall toward . the close door of esther 's_room , pushing in 'on the doorknob , linger there fora long beat ... then we hear the lock click shut . ext . neighborhood - establishing -- morning jogger . paperboy . lawn sprinkler . kide run and - riding bicycle . Saturday in the suburb . int . kitchen - morning ' esther and Max eat breakfast at the table while rate pour they juice . Daniel tear through wear a soccer iuniform . kate good luck ii I love you ii 25 . daniel Love you , tool John follow Daniel , kissing kate on he way out . ' kate remember , it 's only a game . jorn I be a fan . fan yell . _. I will call to let you know who win . int . esther' bedroom - day kate and esther be decorate . esther pin up some of she painting . kate spread out a selection of wallpaper border . kate okay , which one do you like ? esther this be for a'younger child . do you pick they out for yolanda ? kate be take aback . she stammer for a beat . kate I be sorry . I will take they back and pick some just for you . esther it 's all right . I rather like this one . esther point out she . favorite and go back to pin up she painting . kate sigh . as she roll up the sample , she notice the same gothic mansion in several of esther 's older painting . kate ' 1s that a real place ? esther no . I just make it up . it 's a haunt castle where a beautiful - princess be lock away . she wait so long and be so sad that she fill the moat with she tear , but then a handsome prince swim , across it and rescue she . ( smile ) I like happy end 's . do not you ? INS ' . shopping mall - day slide door open . rate and the girl enter . esther look around , dazzle by three storey of glass - ceiling extravagance . it 's totally alien to she . - 26 . M. clothing store - day kate and the girl look through rack '. of child 's clothes . kate pull a pair 'of jeans with . flower embroider on the pocket . kate this be cute . esther - jeans be ugly . kate but sweetie , you have to have something you can play outside in . esther that do not mean I have to look like a boy . int . shopping mall - day kate lead the girl through the mall , carry bag of purchase . something catch esther 's eye . she hang back , distract . it 's a pet store . ' in the display be a aguarium fill with tropical . fish , they vibrant color illuminate by a black light in the tank . esther gaze in , nose practically against the glass . rate you like fish ? esther I like all beautiful thing . kate tap Max 's shoulder and sign to she . kate you should show she hodgepodge when we get home . Max nod eagerly . esther givee . they a curious look . esther hodgepodge ? what 's that ? int . max's 13edroom -- day hodgepodge be a hamster . esther kneel in front of he cage for a closer look . kate stand behind she . Max beam proudly . kate max. take care of he all bir herself . it 's she big girl responsibility . esther aaaww , - can I pet he ? .27 . kate sure . but you have to promise not to - let he out of he . cage .unless - hcumey or daddy be , here to hold he . esteer why ? - kate because he 's very delicate and you could hurt he . okay ? esther xiod . kate scoops.flodgepodge up and kneel between the girl . esther and Max share a smile as they stroke he -fur . ext . colemp residence '- pool -- dusk a banner read . " welcome home , estherii ' " have be hang . John spray lighter rluid on a charcoal grill and start the fire . Daniel watch attentively at he father 's side . int . kitchen - dusk kate and doris prepare hamburger and hot dog for the barbecue . they can see esther and Max laugh and play horseshoe in the backyard , wear new matching sundress .. adorable ; - doris they grow up fast , do not they ? kate too fast . doris so what be you plan now ? kate well , we will get esther settle , then I will probably go back , to work . doris oh , so you think . they will take you back ? kate 's eye flicker with irritation . kate I be not talk about Yale . I be go to teach piano lesson from home . doris I see . that be such a good position you have at Yale . it 's a. shame . kate I do not quit because I want to . I quit because . I could not work anymore . 28 . doris I know . I be 5o glad you be do better now . ( beat ) bow 's maxine feel ? kate she 's fine . kate 's pointedly not make eye contact with doris now . doris well , it 's a shame that it take something like that for you to : get help , but I be glad you do . kate take . the plate of food and leave without look at she . ext . coleman residence - pool - night - dinner 's over . Daniel have change into swim trunk and splashes around in the pool . everyone else be gather around esther , who 's open a few small present . she unwrap a book of sign language and gasp excitedly . esther , this be perfect ! thank you ! eiow do I say " thank you ? " kate show she . esther turn and make the sign to Max . max you're welcome . behind they , Daniel climb out of the pool and run out to the end of the diving board , poise to jump back in .- daniel , dad ! watch this ! but John be focus on esther . - she 's open a big present la1ale " fromi daddy . " Daniel can not get he attention . daniel dad ! ' dad !! dad , look !! John distractedly glance over he shoulder at he and Daniel do a huge cannonball into the pool . splash ! suddenly , esther squeal with glee . she 's unwrapped a iirt easel and new painting supplies . by the time Daniel - 's smile face pop out of the water , he 's disappointed to find that esther have draw John 's attention again , barrage he with -hug and kiss . she look at Daniel over John 's shoulder and htick she tongue out at he . Daniel fume . 29 . int . esther' bedroom -- night John walk behind esther , he -hands over she eye . kate lead she into the darken roam by the hand . kate be you ready ? esther nod excitedly . John uncover she eye . esther stop short in awe . it 's the fish tan C from the shopping , mall . esther kneel before it , entrance . she turn the black light on and off , marvel at - how it make she dzess glow and the color in she painting light - - up . she give kate and John a. big smile . int . kate and john' bedroom - day rate and John get dress for church . John pull on a tie . kate search through a jewelry box . she 's miss something . kate nave - you see my pearl ? int . church -- day Sunday morning in America . kate and John sit with doris and the kid . - a.priest read - from the scripture and a sign language ii ? terpretbr translate . esther follow along in she own Bible and kate notice aphoto poke from between its page . all she can see be the face of a rugged - looking man in he 40' . she eye it curiously ... int . max ' S bedroom - day kate be clean , pick Max 's clothes up from off the .floor . she see something that give she pause -- one of Max 's stuffed animal have a string of pearl hang around its neck . int . family room - day esther and Max be play a board game . kate enter with the pearl and show they to Max . - kate do you take this out of my jewelry box ? Max shake she head , confuse . kate then - how do it get in you room ? max I don't know . 30 . kate somebody put this around t.j. 's neck . who be it if it be not. you ? Max shrug . she look - nervous . kate sigh . rate go take a time - out and think about it . esther but we be play ] kate she can finish you game later . ( to Max ) come on . Max pout and follow kate upstairs . esther watch they go . int . classroom - day esther stand in front of a class full of kide . they teacher , mrs . grosse , be introduce she . esther 's wear a pretty little dress ' and shirley Temple curl , but she usually unflappable smile seem wary , uncertain in the face of this stare third grader . mrs . crosse this be we new student . her name be esther coleman and I want you all to make she feel very welcome today . one of the kid , brenda , whisper . a wisecrack to a friend . esther shift uncomfortably . int . cafeteria - day esther sit at the end of the table where Brenda and she friend be eat .. they eye she derisively . esther ignore they - and pray over she lunch . the other girl exchange amused look . Brenda fold she hand and make a earnest , mock face : brenda dear Jesus , please help I to not dress like such a freak tomorrow . the girl laugh . esther pay no attention . int . / ext . treehouse - day Daniel and he friend austin and trevor run down a short path through the wood behind . the coleman 's house to a tall tree . camera reveal a enclose treehouse about ten foot up - this be ' no " Little rascal " job -- this thing be professionally build . they climb up to it . Inside , Daniel throw back a rug and pries up a loose plank . under it be a small stash of weed . the other 31 . boy open they ' video ina " ine 's , c b of book , and a old a " playboy '. ' wï¿½h Cindy Crawford the c trevor Cindy Crawford ? this - magazine 's older than we axe1 she 's probably get like wrinkly - old grandma boob howl they laugh . Daniel spark up a joint . suddenly : esther ( o.s. ) do you want to play ? the boy quickly wave the wke away . esther and Max be lo king up lat they o daniel get out of here ! this be my treehouse . dad build it for mm . esther smile , then lead Max away . the boy watch they go . austin be you , like , whole family ietard or something ?. - trevor and Austin laugh . Daniel flush , angry and embarrassed . int . bathroom - night kate finish draw a bath for esther . kate I think we should try this with the door unlock tonight . what do you say ? esther ( panicked ) what if someone come in and see I ? kate nobody 's ago to come in . I will stand right outside the door . esther I could sing for you . at the home , I use to sing so the sister would know I be all right . please ? esther 's eye be desperate , plead .. kate sigh . tnt . upstair haly , way - night kate close the door . the lock click shut . a moment later , esther start bumming . kate listen fbr a beat , - troubled .. ' 32 . . int . max be bedroom - night esther and Max be huddle in bed and kate read - they a story . John watch from the doorway . kate see he and smile . int . kate and john' bedroom -- night kate 's in bed , write ' in she journal by the light of d bedside lamp .. outside , rain patter - on the window and lightning fl1shb . John kiss she good night . she smile and surprise he by pull he close and kissing he more deeply . he respond .. she place he hand on she breast and he start to undress she . then :. a knock at the door . John and kate cringe at the interruption . kate come in . the door open . it 's esther and Max . esther we be scared of the lightning . Max giggle . kate and John exchange a resign look . ' JOHN okay , come on . but just for tonight . esther and Max excitedly clamber into the bed and snuggle between they . kate and John share amused look . - int . kitchen - morning ' the kid be eat breakfast . esther read she sign language book at the table . Max sign to Daniel . he turn to kate with a frustrated sigh . daniel Mom , what 's she say ? esther she want you to pass the milk . kate give Daniel a admonish look . rate see ? if you study more , you would not have to ask all - the time . Daniel glare fit esther , but she do not see it . John enter , ready for work . he -grab he travel mug , give kate a kiss . JOHN see you later . 33 . esther put dut she arm for a hug . he lean in to kiss she , but she cling to he and will not - let go . she pout . esteer I want you to take we to school . she look up at he with big sad eye.a . he can not resist . JOHN I guess I can be late today . ( to kate ) I can take they to school and you can pick they up . esther yay ! we be go with daddy ! - she jump up from the breakfast table and run off to get ready .. int . foyer - morning the kid be leave for school with John . kate see they off . daniel bye , Mom . kate-give he and Max a kiss , but esther-run right by without pause , hurry after John . esther . take - ' John 'a-hand , hold it on the way to the car . kate watch they , a little hurt ... int . live room - day rate sit with esther , watch she open a gift-wrapped box . Inside be a journal like the one we have see kate write in . kate I have a journal just like this that I write in every day . esther - what kind of thing do you write about ? rate what I do that day , how I feel . anything I do not want to forget . I think you and I could spend some time together today and start a life book . esther whit 's that ? rate it 's like a adoption storybook . and it 's all about you . I do a couple page to gat you start . look . - 34 . she open the journal . pasted to . the first page be a photo.from " hommy a daddy get rmarrieed no esthermarvelskat kate'sgwedd dress . esther so beautiful , .. , kate turn the page to a picture of . khte and John with Daniel as a baby . then kate , John , and six=year-old daniel with baby max . kate this be Daniel when he be bear , and there 's Max ; and there 's you . she turn next to a photo of the- whole - family take at esther ' 's welcome home party . the caption read , " esther join the family . " rate . if you want , we can put you other picture in here , too . esther what other picture ? kate the one I see in . you Bible . esther give she a dismay look . kate - I be sorry . they slip out at church . if they be private , we do not have .to --- esther it 's okay . ' I want you to - see they . she smile , but it look force . int . esther' bedroom - day kate and esther sit on the floor . esther. remove the rubber band from around she Bible and take out a few batter photograph . they be all of esther with a rural family -- the man . kate see in the photo at church , he wife , . and three boy , age 6 , 10 , and 14 . in one , they be all pose together in front of a farmhouse . esther this be the wallace . that 's James and Hannah . and that 's micah , luke , and isaiah . kate - this be the american family that adopt you from Russia ? 35 . esther nod ' . they be candid - family snapshot full - of. laughter and hug . esther '.s adopt father be in all - of they . the last one be of he and . esther , the same photo kate. see part , of at church . kate ' . they lookvery ' n.ice . they must have love you 'very much . ksther nod , but kate-se that she 's hold back tear . rate what 's wrong ?. esther I hide this because idid not want you to know how much I miss ' they , I be afraid you would think I do not love you . kate it 's okay , sweetie ... I understand . ( beat ; consider ) you know , I lose someone who be very . special to I once , too . esther wipe she eye and look up , interest pique . esther really ? int . music room - day kate show esther the orchid in its ornate planter . rate we do not have any picture of jessica because she die while she be still in my tunny . but we spread she ash in here and as long as . this flower grow , part of she will be alive inside it . ( beat ) it 's okay to be sad . about the people we have lose .. and it .'s okay to iniss they , too . esther nod . they 'smile at one another through they tear . int . elementary school - hallway - day between class , crowded with kide . , . esther clutches she book to she chest . Daniel and trovor be walk the other way and as they pass , Daniel dump esther 's book . trevor laugh . esther glare at ' Daniel and kneel to pick up she book , bitt the kid walk by purposefully kick they , laugh face leer down at she . she gather she book , but one of they be miss . she look around . - spot it . 36 . esther 's Bible lie on the floor at someone 's foot . a.hand reach down . and pick it up . it 's Brenda . brenda be this a bibl ? esther give it back to I . she reach for it , but Brenda laugh and raise - it over she head . brenda jesus-freak bring a Bible to school ! esther angrily swipe at it again , but one of Brenda 's friend grab it first . esther take a deep breath , try to calm down . i3stuer May I plea . have my Bible ? the girl hesitates , shrug and offer sather the Bible ... but snatch it away again at the last second . Brenda laugh . 8 sther reach for it , but the girl keep pass it between they . esther and Brenda grab it at the same time . there 's a brief tug - of - war , then the rubber band snap and the Bible fly apart , page and hp oto scatter everywhere . esther gasp in horror and dive to the floor , desperately scoop up the loose page . a " crowd gather , watch and snicker , Daniel and trevor among they . esther look to Daniel for help , but he just stand there , watch uncomfortably . Brenda laugh at esther crawl around on all four . brenda look at the cute little doggy be this you collar , little doggie ? Brenda reach out and grab the ribbon-around rsthdrl neck ... the -second Brenda touch the ribbon , esther fly into panic . she scream a 's brenda'e hand away , aching h_ex e and k coke foot , ster 11 's 5 riekincr at the toy dg her.lung . Brenda leap back , wide - eye and freak out . the kid fall into stunne silence . esther 's scream echo in the hallway . a teacher come run . trevor put a hand over he mouth so the teacher will not see he laugh . trevor dude , you sister 's a.total spazl daniel she 's not my sister . .37 . 1w -. kate minivan - day the drive home from school . be silent and tense . esther stare out the window . ' kate eye she in the rearview mirror , concerned . ext . coleman residence - day the minivan be ' park in the drive and the kid be climb out . as Daniel and Max head to the house , kate take esther-aside . rate Mrs. grosse tell I what happen today . do you want to talk . about it ? daniel-hangs back to see if esther be go , to tell on he . she " see he stand there , then turn to rate with a smile . - esther there 's nothing to talk about . we be - just play a game , that 's all . she walk away , pass Daniel without , a look . kate be . dubious . int . max's bedroom - day Max enter , throw down she " hello Kitty " bookbag ---- and stop short . hodgenodte 's - cag .is empty . Max stand freeze for a beat , then start look for he . esther appear in the doorway . esther what 's the matter ? Max turn and try to block the cage , but esther see that it 's empty . esther gasp . esther where be he ? be you play with he ? Max frantically shake she head . esther quickly shut the door . esther you leave he cage open ! look ! sure enough , the door of the cage be wide open . Max shake she head , frighten tear in she eye . max I didn 't ! I promise ! esther then how do he get out ? max I don't xnow41 I don't know ] 38 . estber you have to think ! mommy 's not go to believe you . she do not . believe you about the necklace and she 's not go to believe you about this ! Max be devastate . she 's sobbing now . esther try to calm she . esther it ' a okay . do not cry . look 'at I . she take Max by the shoulder . Max look up , breath hitching . estser I will tell monmy - it be - my fault . you will not get in any trouble .. I will tell she I take he out of the cage without you permission and he run away , okay ? Max give a grateful nod . esther smile and stroke Max 's hair . esther - do not worry . it will be we little secret . : Max nod again and give she a-hug . she do not see the calculate look in esther 's eye ... int . sunroom - night a-glass - in terrace off of kate and John 's bedroom fill with plant . kate be wear only a long T-shirt , water the plant before bed . John enter in he pajama bottom , snuggle into she from behind . kate smile and . lean into he . int . kate and john' bedroom - night the light - be off . kate and John be in bed , make lave . slow , passionate , intense . when they be finish , - breathless and tremble , she cradle he face in she hand gaze lovingly up at.him . then something catch she eye in the moonlight : ethel jg.wat , they fr m the -open b edr door , hgr hen freeze 9 j1 tth dooxknob . kate oh , my God ! they hurriedly pull the sheet up and kate turn on the bedside lamp . esther stare at they blankly . kate . esther , honey ? what be it ? be you okay ? esther just glower at 'her , then turn and walk away . 39 . int . ' estber's bedroom - day esther . sit at she easel , painting . kate enter and sit down on ' the bed . esther do not look : at she . she 's painting a sophisticated , stylize portrait of kate . - other portrait of the family - arealready pin to the wall . kate shift uncomfortably . we need to talk - about last night . estu do we ? kate yes . there be certain thing that . grown-ups do . that kid be not suppose to see . and that be one of they . esther keep painting . she still have not look at she . - kate esther , I need you to listen to I .. esther pause . she deliberately set she paintbrush down and turn to kate . a awkward beat . kate see , when two grow - up love each other very , very much , they like to . show that love to each other -- iknow . - they fuck . kate be dumbfounded . esther regards she with a bored , aloof-look . int . JOHN be den - day John be troubled by what kate have tell he . JOHN - she could nave pick it up anywhere . Bell , she probably hear it at school . kate this be not something she overhear . she know what it mean . and the way she say 'it . I do not even think she expect to get in trouble over it . JOHN we will talk to she about it tonight . kate you think that 's enough ? 40 . JOHN ' what do you suggest ? kate ' I could take she to Doctor brown . JOHN it be one dirty word . I do not think we need to call in the shrink just - yet . kate maybe . it just remind the of what sister abigail say .. we really do not know that much about she . '- the last ' family she - be with could have be - like , " pass the fuck potato " at the dinner table for all we know . ' JOHN iget it , I just - don 'ot want to make a bigger deal out of it than it be . kate if she 's say " fuck " to my face , what 's she do when we be not around ? we have to be think about what kind of influence she 's have - on Daniel and Max . particularly Max . JOHN I would not worry about it . you be right , we do not know how she be raise , but we do know she 's a good kid . if Danny and Max want to start act . like she , that 's fine with I . ext . coleman residence - day esther and Max pick wildflower along the edge of the forest . esther let 's pick flower for daddy . max.nod happily . ' then esther notice something that make she stop short . a girl approach on a bicycle ... it 's Brenda . she pretend to not see bather , just ride right by . esther watch , she face strangely slack ... then start to follow .her . Max give esther a confuse look , but tag along . ext . park -- day esther find Brenda 's bike park at a neighborhood playground ---- swing carousel , jun7le gym , and a-tall corkscrew slide make - tor look like a rocket ship . there be kide play . mom watch . 41 . a boneless guy with a shopping cart full of stuff garbage bag asleep by a tree . women . do pilate . esther ignore they all . Brenda be climb on the jungle gym with some other kid . esther walk over with Max in tow and just watch Brenda play . Brenda see she and make a face . esther just stand there . stare . brenda . what be you look at ? no response . Max tug on esther 's arm , but she 's roote in place , stare blankly at Brenda . finally , Brenda can not take it . she climb off the jungle gym and walk away . esther watch ' she go .. Brenda get on a swing , but just as she start to get some height , ester ' right there , . star n , _p a she again . Max happily grab a swing for herself , but esther be fixate on Brenda . brenda stop stare at .mel stop ital . but esther be unwaver . can not take she eye off of she . Brenda get off the swing and run away . esther calmly walk after she . brenda go-away ! stop follow I , freak ! Max see esther follow Brenda and grudgingly get off the swing , hurry to - catch up . Brenda give they a angry look . " brenda why do not you two , go home and change each other 's diaper ? esther and Max follow Brenda across the park , , Max still uncertain about what 's go on .. Brenda head for . the tall corkscrew slide . steep stair lead to the enclose top , the tip of the rocket ship . Brenda start up the stair , then pause . she turn to esther . brenda you go first . esther do not move , but Max gladly take she turn . after a beat , esther follow Max up the stair . Brenda stay behind , watch . Max go down the spiraling slide , but esther just stand at the top , look down at Brenda . brenda gol ! esther , continue to stare down at she for a beat , then turn and - disappear from eight . only . then do Brenda climb up . Max run to the stair for - another turn . Brenda reach the top and look around . she see Max . ' but where 's esther ? she turn . 42 . suddenly , es er be right in , ail of she . she do not ' go down the slide , she be just crouch out of sight . Brenda gasp -- -- then este spit jn she face acrd ush hex dawn the air . Brenda scream as she fall , - limb flail , out - of-control . she land hard in the dirt and just lie there cry , clutching she arm and bleed from a gash in she forehead . Brenda 's scream draw alarmed look . the homeless guy startles awake . one of the playground mother come run to help . but Max stand freeze , gape at esther in total shock . esther stare blankly down .at Brenda from atop the slide . utterly emotionless . ext . park - day ( timcut ) brenda's father arrive on the scene . Brenda say something . to -him and point at esther and Max , who watch from a distance . esther be you go to tell on I ? Max shrug . esther I do not mean to hurt she . I just want she - to stop pick on I . ( off Max 's look ) do not you hate it when someone be mean to you for no reason ? would not you do almost anything to make they stop ? a best . Max nod . esther offer she hand and Max take it . int . dine room - night esther and Max sit at the table . kate and John eye they sternly . JOHN Brenda say you push she . esther that 's not true ! we be just play and she trip ! I swear ! kate ( to Max ) do you see what happen ? esther eye Max expectantly . Max hesitates . then : max it . be a accident . kate sigh , not entirely convinced ... 43. int . music room -- day . kate carefully tend the memorial orchid , spraying it with a fine mist of water . -- int . sunroom - day - kate 's water the plant when she feel something on 'her hand . there 's a ant on it . she flick it off . then she seed another , this one crawl up she arm . she make a face and look down . thg g be ante arwl no loon a- : arou she foot . she quickly step back , - brush at she - arm and leg . she look under one of the plant table to 'see what 's attract they : it 's hodgepodge . he 's be dead for several day , he body swarm with ant and maggot . ext .-coleman residence ï¿½ garden - night a hole have be dig in the backyard flower garden . kate , John , esther , and Max stand around it . Max place a shoebox with " hodgepodge " write on it in the hole and lay a flower on top of it . John start shoveling dirt into the bole . esther and Max exchange a know look ... int . max's bedroom - day esther and Max be giggle and play dress -up . clothes be strewn everywhere . they be both try to look grow -up . they be even wear makeup -- heavy mascara and pink , paint cheek . Daniel walk by and see Max put on lipstick . he take it away from she . daniel hey , you be not allow to wear makeup . do mom know you have this ? esther give it - back . daniel , make I . esther give it back 'or I will tell daddy , that you hit she and then you will be in trouble . Max smile . Daniel -scowl at esther , then give Max the lipstick . he leave . Max give esther a hug . best friend forever . 44 . for l it. supermarket - day kate wait in line - at the check - out . esther and - Max be with she . aw . kate push she cart up to the-counter , she look over and see the nearby ' " wine &amp ; spirit " aisle . no big. deal , just a pass glance , a flash of idle distraction . her eye unreadable . then : esther ( o.s. ) what kind of sex do man crave most ? kate-look back , shocked . esther have pick up a " cosmopolitan " from the newsstand and be 'read the cover aloud-to Max . kate put that away . do not look at that . kate put the magazine back . there be several other just like it at kid - eye level . " orgasms UNLIMITED ! " " thrill every inch - of him J " kate 'sigh and -'start put grocery on the conveyer . - esther " how to hit you g-spot every time . " kate whirl . esther have pick up the same magazine . kate angrily snatch it and pull esther toward she . Max startles . kate stand where I can see yowl the cashier and a couple customer turn to look at she . kate ignore they . esther can not suppress a little smile . int . dine room - night the family be eat dinner . esther make a face and push she plate away half - finish . esther May I be excuse ? kate at least eat you chicken . esther I be not go to eat something that I do not like just to make you feel better . that 's ridiculous . joun esther , stop it . eat the chicken and then you can be excuse . esther yes , sir . esther start eat . kate give John a exasperatedlook . 45 . IM . foyer - day the doo ;rbel ] . ring . esther ï¿½ï¿½dto esther it . it 's sistterey . a clipboard abigail . she 's carry esther hello , sister abigail . sister abigail . hello , esther . int . sta'iraell -- day esther lead sister abigail upstairs . kate and John follow - sister abigail to need update chart I tÂ¢ also go t from she . pediatrician and she dentist for my supervision report . kate eck - that 's no problem . we have get a ch up with the dentist next week . int . esther' bedroom - day . esther lead kate , John , and sister abigail into she room . esther be not it lovely ? look at my new painting . - I 've=done a portrait - for everyone in the family . she show sister abigail the portrait pin to she wall . there 's also a painting of everyone together . sister abigail that 's one good - look family you have get .. esther I know . be not they perfect ? sister abigail give kate and John a amused look - int . kitchen - day kate , John , and sister abigail talk over coffee . JOHN I swear , we -did not bribe she to say that . .y : 46 . sister abigail no explanation necessary . I do not think there e'anything that girl could say that would surprise I . kate . she drop the 't -- bomb on I a few week ago . ' sister abigail raise she eyebrow in comic , exaggerated surprise . sister abygayl well . I be glad to hear she 's finally come out of she shell . ' 1 obn she 's just testing we . it 's be nowhere near as bad as we expect . sister abigail what kind of thing be she do ? - kate talk back to I . purposefully disobey . she take Max to the park without ppesrmission the other day . that be the biggie . a girl they be play with get hurt . a beat . sister abigail be suddenly apprehensive , try to cover . sister abigail really ? be the girl all right ? rate she break she arm and have to have something like eleven stitches , I think . she be lucky . sister abigail she do not . sound very lucky . JOHN she 's lucky she do not break she neck . sister abigail seem troubled by this . ext . coleman residence - day sister abigail walk out to she car , concerned . she do not see esther spying down from she bedroom . window , just stare at she with that strange , blank look ... 47 . int . music room - day kate give a piano lesson - to a. college s7tudent , listen as he run . through a finger exercise . kate= relax ; . wrist follow finger ... ext . neighborhood - day John lead esther and Max on a bike ride around the neighborhood . esther speed - up , leave Max behind so she can ride next to John . esther I be daddy 's little girl , be not I ? JOHN that 's right . you both be . as they head home , they see joyce ' patterson ( late 30' ) jogging toward they . a blonde with dark root and a overdo boob job. , wear a skimpy sport bra and mini short . she wave to tem . joyce - look at this three cutiesl JOHN how're - you do ? joyce hanging in there . hey , , . I have get . a chair X want move upstairs . you think you could come over and give I a hand ? John glance toward home . kate 's at the door , wave goodbye to the College Student . - she see John talk to Joyce and give they a unreadable look before go back inside . JOHN uh , yeah . maybe kate and I - could help you - out . joyce okay , I will call you . John and Max start off again , but ' esther do not move . she 's openly look Joyce over from head to toe . esther you have a l ovely body . JOHN . come on , esther . let 's go . esther reluctantly follow . Joyce eye she dubiously . 48 . int . kitchen -- day John acid the girl enter . kate have juice box for the girl . A. look pass between John and rate . esther notice . kate how be the.iide ? do you have fun ? Max nod 'and head off ; but esther hang back , eavesdropp : kate do not waste - arty time - turn that divorce settlement - into a tit job , did= she ? JOHN I do not notice . kate yeah , right . she 's teasing , but there 's something bite underneath it . esther walk away , sip on she juice box .. int . home for girl - sister abigail ' S office - night after hour . sister abigail be at she desk . she open a file and read . we see a Polaroid of esther staple to the cover ... ext . carnival - night midway ride and boardwalk game have be set up in the parking lot of Daniel and esther 's school . a banner read " " edgar elementary annual halloween hoot . " the place be pack with excited child in Halloween costume . the school be at the ' top of a steep hill . kate and John walk up it with the kid . Daniel 's dress as a ninja , Max be a " finding nemo " fish , and esther 's a angel , complete with a shiny halo . series of shot John give Daniel some money to hang out with Austin and trevor ... on the boardwalk , play game , win prize . esther shoot bbs at balloon with a toy rifle . she 's pretty good at it ... on the midway , esther and Max be whirle around on the scrambler , scream and laugh . kate and John watch and take picture ..' . the haunted - maze a cheap fun house attraction . the girl run up to John and kate .. esther we want to go in by ourselves ) 49 . - JOHN okay , just make sure you hold she hand . esther I will . - the girl . run inside . John smile , but kate watch anxiously . int . haunted ' maze - night - esther lead Max through the dark ' , wind fun house corridor . Max start to look care . she nearly leap . out of she skin when a rubber --masted ghoul jump out at they . but esther just laugh at it . Max see that she 's not afraid and soon they be both giggle at the cheesy spook that try to scare they . ext . carnival - night the girl emerge frtn - the 'maze , clutching each other and laugh . esthsr let 's play " hide and seek . " you go first . Max excitedly run off . esther watch she vanish into the crowd . moment later , - kate and John appear . rate -nervously look around . rate where 's Max ? esther I do not know . I be try to hold she hand , but she push I and run away . kate oh , .my God ... JOHN it 's okay . do you see where she go ? esther this way , I think . she point the wrong way . kate take she hand and they quickly move through the crowd , look for Max . John stand on a bench for a better vantage , kate grab passersby : kate have you see a little girl in - a fish costume ? she have short brown hair ? nobody 's see she . kate grow frantic . esther watch with a nonchalant smile , enjoy the drama .- she tug on kate 's arm . esther i mommy , I want scene cotton candy . - ' ï¿½ 't i 50 . icat not now , esther I â  JOHN " kate , please . take it easy . she 's gotta be around here then kate spot Daniel approach , hold Max 's hand . ' kate breathes a sigh of . relief and rush to give Max a fierce hug . kate be you all right ?- do not you ever run off like that [ what be you think ? daniel they be play " hide and seek . " - I - see esther let she run off . esther give he a sharp look . John turn on she , . angry . JOHN do you lie to we ? what do I tell you about 'hold she hand ? esther I be sorry , sir . she look like she 's go , to cry . John sigh , then turn to kate and Max . esther give Daniel a hateful look through she tear . ext . coleman residence - morning the kid pile into the minivan for school . as Daniel climb in , esther ' drop something behind he and pretend to find it . esther what 's this ? she show kate a little plastic baggie of weed . Daniel blanch when he see it .. his.treehouse staah .. int . JOHN be den - night kate and John confront Daniel . daniel I be not take it to school [ rate then what be it do ' in - you backpack ? - daniel I do not knowl " she just put it there to . get I in trouble 51 . JOHN where would ' esther have get pot ? daniel ( a beat reluctant ) she see I wcth it in the treehouse . - joan be that what ... you be do - out . there with Austin and trevor ? smoke pot ?! Daniel stammer . John stew -. ext . house - day John screw a hasp to the treehouse - door with -a power drill and slap a padlock on it . Daniel stand below , - watch . John climb down , show Daniel the padlock key , and pocket it . JOHN - off limit until further notice . be head to the house ; esther be play in the backyard .. she take John 's hand and walk inside with he . Daniel watch they . int . / ext . kate minivan - day kate pull out of the driveway with esther in the back seat . as they leave the neighborhood , Joyce Patterson jog by in she skimpy workout clothes . she -wave . kate give a polite nod . esther why do she have to 'dress like that ? kate - she just like the ' attention . esther well , I think it 's immodest . I do not know why daddy - like she so much . kate . ( a beat , apprehensive ) - what do you mean ? esther he 's always smile at she and talk to she . she want he to come over to she house . do you know that ? ( off kate 's look ) ) please do not tell aaddy I tell . I do not want he to be mad at I .- kate do not respond , clearly disturb . 52 .. I ext . dentist office - parking ' lot - day kate get out of the minivan , but esther stay put ' - in she seat . rate sigh , frazzle and distract . kate esther , come on . esther X tell you , I do not like the de ntist . kate there 's nothing to be afraid of . esther - I know . because I be not - go - kate esther , get out of the cart righ t now ! for a moment , they just glare at each other . mexican stand -off .. then esther stick she nose in the air and do as she 's tell . int .-dentist's office - exam room -- day the dentist lower esther back in the chair , pull on rubber glove . the hygienist clip a dental bib around esther 's neck . hygienist she have not have a check - up in about two year , so she 's a little nervous . - dentist she do not look to I . now let 's have a look at that co pper . esther just look at the ceiling with she mouth tightly shut . dentist . come on , darling , open wide . - esther eye he anxiously ; then reluctantly open . just a bit . dentist that a girl : Little wider ... she open more . he lean in to take a look ... suddenly , she shdmp dawnn he jinx 's hard pnou h to draw blo-mss fr and lock uskn like rottweileï¿½ ] the hygienist be freeze in shock . dentist aaagh ! goddammit !! help I with she ! the hygienist hold she down while the dentist try to pry she mouth open . finally , he yank he finger free , cradling they 53 . painfully . esther hiss at lome like a cat , lip fleck with blood . the dentist and hygienist exchange a startle . lock . int . dentist's-office - waiting room -- day can musak .. kate bit wait . the hygienist enter . hygienist - Mrs. coleman ? kate give she a confuse look . then she notice esther htanding behind the hygienist with a-smug grin on'her face . int . / ext . kate minivan - day driving home .. kate stew , on she last fray nerve . esther gaze out the window , seemingly oblivious , sing a little nonsense song under she breath : " la-la - la , la-la- la-la ... la--la - la ... " kate stop at a traffic light . glance outside . she 's stop next to a liquor . store . kate quickly look .away , she temptation real enough to startle she . the light turn green and she drive off without look back . esther keep singing .. a few block later , they pass a bar . then a bus shelter with a big absolute vodka ad . kate probably drive by they every day , but now they be pop out at she , sly old enemy that never really leave , re-emerge from the shadowy recess of she mind . she try to focus on the road , esther 's voice grate in she head ... " la-la - la , la-la- la - la :.. la-la-la , la-la-la-la ... " int . foyer -- day kate and esther enter . esther skip upstairs . kate sigh , angry and frustrated . she play a message on the answering machine . sister abigail ( v.0 . ) hello , this be sister abigail call for John and kate . please call I as soon as you get this message . I have . something that we need to discuss in person . it 's regard . esther . upstair esther stand at the top of the stair , listen to - the message - she 's hear everything . and she 's scared . scare and piss . int . kate and john' bedroom .- night kate and John get ready for bed . kate he 's be we dentist for ten year . why would he lie to we ? 54 . jqan I do not say he 's lie . I just think ws-blow it out of proportion , kate I see the bite mark . we be lucky he 's not suing we . JOHN Fine , but I do not believe for a " second that she just do it for no reason . rate that 's because she 's always on she best behavior with you . JOHN ' that 's . not true . I have have to deal with she at she worst .. - kate what you think be she worst be what she 's like with I all the time . she 's completely - different with I than she be with you ' . , JOHN so you have see she haul off 'and bite someone like a animal ? kate no , but she throw that fit at school joen yeah , because the other kid be harass she . it 's the same thing here . ( off she reaction ) she 's from a completely different culture kate . she have to be teach that this . behavior be not appropriate but there 's nothing malicious about it . if 'she say she bit he because she be scared and he be hurt she , I do not see any reason not to believe she . a beat . kate look at he . she 's stewing hbaut something . kate so should .1 believe she when she say you have be hit on Joyce Patterson ? JOHN ' ( take aback ) do she say that ? to 55 . ] cat be it true ? JOHN of course not ! kate did- she invite you over ? ' JOHN she want I to help she move a chair . kate oh , - come on . JOHN on all right , she be obviously come to I . but I shut she down . kate then why do not you tell I ? JOHN because I know how you would reactl kate really ? you sure it be not because you be come - on to she so obviously that a eight - year - old pick upon it ? a long-beat . John sigh , resign . - JOHN how -long be you go to keep this hang over I ? it be ten year ago . kate you keep - say that . but it 's only be about two year since you tell I . ( a tense beat ) have another child be - suppose to bring we together . JOHN I be sorry I do not tell you - about it - x just feel like I have earn a little trust here . kate - I do not know what you expect from I . I might never completely trust you again . not like before . JOHN I give you a second chance . ï¿½4 56 . kate stop short . iiis word - be like a phybical blow . - kate - that 's not fair . JOHN so - you can keep bring up my . mistake over and over , but we be not even allow to discuss yours ? kate I be sick ! you be just a asshole who want to fuck somebody else ! JOHN you be a danger to we child . if I do not want to . make this work , I could have leave month ago and nobody would have blame I . kate Nice . be that - what - you mother tell you ? angry tear well in she eye . he realize be go too far .. kate go into the bathroom and slam the door . int . max's bedroom - night - it 's late . esther and Max sit on the bed in they nightgown . only the bedside light be on . they be signing to one anothe be . esther the man lady ys comm tomorrow . max i' m afraid . I don't want her to take you back to the home . esther neituer do 1 . we have to scare her away . will you help I ? Max anxiously nod she head . esther smile . int .. JOHN be den '- night the room be dark . the girl sneak in , still in they nightgown , and close the door . esther turn on a :reading lamp . esther ' look for the key to the treehouse . ' - Max nod and they start search the room . esther rifle through John 's desk . - nothing . she look in a closet . a dark plastic case with two padlock on it catch she eye ... 57 . Max open a. keepsake chest and find several keys on : a ring . she excitedly show they to esther . esther smile and take they . as they be about to leave , . esther . use . she look back at the - close closet . then look at the key . Max eye she curiously . esther slide a chair over to . the closet and open it .. she stand on the chair , pull down the case with the padlock on it , and set it on the floor . she try a couple of.key . then -- click . there 's a gun inside . a shiny revolver and a BOX of ammunition . esther 's face light up . she.carefully pick up the guní-turn it over , look at it . Max 's eye nearly pop out . esther give she a sly look , then load a single bullet , spin . the cylinder ... . and point the cmn at ax . ri.aht between the bye esther do you - want to_ play ? - a beat . Max shake she head . esther smile , finger the trigger . after a long , awful , pants wetting eternity , she lower the gun . esther you be right . we would better not . ( beat ) not yet . - int . live room -- day sister abigail sit across from kate and John with a grave look . sister abigail when you first ask about adopt esther , I express some misgiving . but I be not completely straightforward with you . you see , I love child . I have work with they my entire life . and the thing about love be that it sometimes cloud you judgement . ( beat ) but the truth be that I know there be something wrong with esther from the moment I laid eye on she . kate sit up , concerned . John bristle . - kate you say you suspect , some kind of abuse . sister abigail yes , but there be something else . it be hard to say chat it be at first . just -a feel that she be a profoundly damage little girl . ( more ) 58 . sister abigail ' ( cony ' D ) ( beat ) 's eeme then I notace that she - always k_ to . be around whenever the ' wwasa get kind of trouble .- two girl iii a fight . and there she would be . someone would get catch steal . and ell she would - myself it be but I never really . believe it . ( beat ) l who after you tell I about the gir break she arm , -:e - start wonder again . I call the achool : esther go to while she be with the wallace and ask if there would be any serious accident while she . be there .. one incident be still fresh in everyone 's mind . a boy in one of she class be stab in the throat with a pair of 'scissor . all the kid - who see it happen say it be a accident , that he be run with the scissors and fall . but once again , esther , be there . angle - esther be eavesdropp from around the corner . she slip away . back to scene joan but none of this thing be she fault . sister abigail that 's ; g I be reluc ! tant to t anything bef ore . now ' I think th at may a have be a mistake . ( off they - look ) Children like esther , who have spend they entire life - in institution , have never have ' a chance to ' form normal , last bond .. the longterm effect of ' this - can be devastating . in the very worst case , child who fail to form early attachment be unable to learn the difference between 'right and wrong . they can lie , cheat , steal --- .or worse - and and have no remorse whatsoever for they action . ' they view other human being as object , pawn for they amusement . and they can - be potentially very dangerous . int . esther' bedroom - day white 's glove , like she 's esther pull on -a pair of . dinty hurch service dress for morninga C 59 .- int . live room '- day joet7 - this.doesh 't sound like esther at all . sister abigail a severely character - disturb child can appear to be - completely normal , - even exceptional . it 's like they have two face one - they show the outside world in order 'to get what they want , and the other , they true face , lie just beneath the surface . int . max's bedroom - day Max sit on she bed , wear a jacket and clutching she " bello . Kitty " backpack . anxious and wait . esther enter . - - e5t_hbr let 's go . int . live room - day - kate what about the orphanage in Russia where she be raise ? would not they have be able to tell ? sister abigail - I have put in a call to the director there , but she could have easily slip through the. crack . JOHN - so the bottom line here be that you do not have proof of any of this . sister abigail that 's true , - I do not . but I believe the circumstantial evidence be enough to warrant take the next step . rate which be what ? - sister - abigail get esther out of ' the house . kate and John be stunne . JOHN you want to disrupt the adoption over this ?! - 60 . sister abigail - if I be - wrong , she - can come back home . but you need to get she to a therapist who can tell you what you be deal with JOHN she 's just a kid - sister abigail she 's also the sole - survivor of a house fire that kill she last family . ( off they look ) it be arson . I do some check . someone deliberately set that fire . they - never catch who do it . JOHN wait a minute , you be not suggest -- sister abigail pyromania be one of the warning sign of a character -- disturb child . rate blanch , realize : kate do you think she have something to do with ' what happen to yolanda ? a long beat . sister abigail hesitates , reluctant to answer . sister abigail - the think that a child could cougnit such a monstrous crime fly in the face of everything I hold dear . but in my opinion , at 'a a possibility that you need to take very seriously . int . now shed - day . esther slide the door open - on screeching rail and step inside . walk over to John 's workbench . look at the tool rack above it . int . live room - day kate and John be stunne by what sister abigail have tell they . JOHN we can take she to Doctor - brown . - kate suggest do that week ago . but I do not want to send she away . not without at least some kind of proof . sister abigail . sigh , frustrated . kate turn to he : 61 . kate but what if ' the doctor say she 's dangerous ? a beat . he consider , uncertain and emotional . joh1 then I guess we.wo not . bave any choice . ext . forest - day Daniel sit near . the brook , sullenly throw rock in the water . he hear something behind he and turn . esther and Max be run off through . the wood , leave crashing under they foot . ' neither of they ree he . he eye they curiously . ext . coleman residence - day sister abigail ie leave . rate and John stand by the front door , ' troubled , watch she go . ext . private road -- day esther and Max run toward ' the bridge where . the road into the neighborhood cross the brook . they climb a embankment and crouch . by the bridge abutment , out of breath . esther look both way . there 's no traffic . she and Max hide behind the abutment . int . / ext . sister abigail be car - day sister abigail drive away . , troubled . she take a pack of cigarettes from the glove compartment and light one . ext . private road - day the girlb wait by the abutment . the only sound be the rippling brook . Max look nervous . esther give she a reassure smile . esther - it 's go ' to be fine . just wave you arm and make sure she stop . Max nod . then esther hear a car come . she peer out ' from behind the abutment . it 's sister abigail 's car . esther quickly duck out of sight . esther here she. come . wait until she get close . Max nervously peer out from behind the abutment . esther stand behind she . the car start across the-bridge . suddenly -- -- sthe pusbe Max it into the load . stumble and fall rie ht , marry on of the _speedï¿½ car . 62 . sister abigail gasp and slam on the brake , ' tire squealing , stop the car mere foot from where Max lie in the road . she frantically . jump out of the car and kneel next to Max . sister abigail dear Lord ! be you okay , honey ? Max look up at she , - stunne , but unhurt . sister abigai1 be take aback . she recognize she . sister abigail - Max ...?! - - a shadow fall on abigail from behind . she turn and look " up . esther loom .over she , a claw hammer raise above she head . efor be a abigail va e a , esther angrily hit she in tie ' l head as hard as she can with the hammer . cruncf# . Max startles , 'ey wide with shock . sister abigail fall and lie twitching on the pavement . eye stare blankly , one pupil wide from the head trauma . blood trickle from under she headdress . as Max stare at . the body , paralyze with fear , esther scurries into sister abigail 's car and find she purse . she flip through she wallet . Cash , credit card . take it all . find she rosary bead . grab they , too . then she hurry back to the body . esther help I get she off the road . Max look up blankly , then stagger .to she foot . they each take a hand and start drag sister abigail 's body , but she 's heavy and they be little . it 's all they can do to slowly move she . then esther hear something . there 's another car come . it 's still out of sight through the tree , but close . esther and Max hurriedly drag the body , struggle it to the side of the road , just as the car round the bend . esther give the ' body a kick , , send it roll down the embankment . the car be almost on they . esther and Max quickly hide under the bridge .. esther grab Max 's backpack and pull u wig _cm . the car reach the bridge . esther listen to it cross , tense , gun . ready ... . but it pass abigail 's car and continue without stop . esther breathes a sigh of relief . suddenly , there 's a croaring_noise from behind they . ' esther turn . it 's sister abigail . she 's still alive . she 's try to speak , but all that come out be a awful ' moan . esther scowl and grab the hammer . sister abigail look up at she , ' moan louder . then esther bring - the hammer down . crunch . the moan stop . esther hit she again and again . 63 . ma x 'pr cataton ipe she se p rettysdr sand white glove harernow splaa ere ith blood . e 's t t esther do you get any on you ? Max shake she head , pale and shiver . esther good . let 's get she cover up . esther start scoop leave and debris onto sister abigail 's corpse . Max just watch fora long beat ... then shuffles over like a zombie and help she . esther smile .. int . treebouse - day esther be wear a clean dress . -- she stuff Max 's " hello Kitty " backpack under the loo ue floorboard where daniel.use to keep he weed . Max be huddle in a-corner , still daze . as the y talk , esther lace the bloody from sister " ibigail car i a lastic grocery bag 's ade tie kit.off . p esther if you tell on I , you will get in trouble , too . max you , tricked I . esther . that do not matter . ' they will send you to jail just for help I bury she . Max start to cry . esther move closer , comforting . esther she want to take I away from you . ( beat ) now we eau be together forever . ext . treehouse -- day Daniel head home on the path through the forest . be hear a noise up ahead and see esther and Max emerge from the treeh ouse . he quickly hide . , ' watch . esther lock the treehouse_and look around , see he . she and down and walk home hol d din in g pe er out at they ... g hand . Daniel park - day the usual suspect be here . kid play . mom watch . the homeless guy with.his shopping cart , root through a trash can . a vendor sell a spongebob popsicle from a cart . camera follows the spongebob pop as . the vendor hand it to a little girl ... 64 . it 's esther . she smile at the. vendor and walk away . she - spot the homeless guy across the park and casually head toward he . as she approach , we see that she 's carry the - plastic yrocery bag with the bloody hammer and sister abigail 's thing in t . she carefully look around to snake sure nobody be watch , then nonchalantly toss the incriminate bag into the homeless guy 's shopping cart and keep walk , suck on she spongebob pop ... int . live ' room - day rate hang up the phone and turn to John . rate she 's cancel some appointment - so we - can get she in - tomorrow . they hear esther humming upstairs and exchange a disgiuiete look . in . bathroom -- day esther hum o.s. - her black velvet ribbon have be remove and laid out in a row on the counter . ' camera move to the bathtub , where esther be take a bath . the water be faintly red . - she 's scrubbing under she fingernails . - humming pleasantly to herself . and now we see what the ribbon have be cover : the have t ick , knotte t h e wa x u ht .r neck and - wrist . int . JOHN be den - night John sit on he . desk , eyeing Daniel -- wearily . JOHN esther and Max ? you see they ? daniel oh-huh . JOHN the treehouse be still lock . daniel esther have the-key . JOHN you mean this key here ? he go over tothe keepsake chest and open it .. the key ring be there . he hold it up . Daniel fluster .. JOHN you be not lie to get they in - trouble , .are you ? ' 65 . daniel no , I swear ! JOHN ( sigh , exasperate ) I do not know what 's get into you lately . just go to you room . Daniel leave , deject ... in the hallway and trudge upstairs . fe do not see esthe emï¿½ era from j - a sh dow behin hiï¿½ - she glare angrily , after he ... back in the den alone now , John look at the.key ring , consider . be go to the closet , look at the 'gun case . take it down . unlock it ... the gun . be right where it belong . he sigh and close the case . int . daniel' bedroom - night Daniel be in bed , sound asleep the doorknob turn , the door creak open . someone sneak into he room , approachinbglh1ss - bbe . turn on the bedside light , Daniel stir , squinting , it 's esther . Daniel look up at she , confuse . ruaaenlv , , shs fistful gf i hair and slam bis hea hmk . aqg__inst the before he can cal ou ; $ he with of a- pai of scissor a plunge they tow d he face --- Daniel gasp , but the gleam point of the scissors stop short , - hover less than a inch from he wide , stare eye . esther ssshhh . - esther lean in , she face wild - and terrifying . Daniel lie there breathless , paralyze with fear . - the. scissors drift from he eye , he between he leg . hold fast by he ha ir . er'voiceis an'e h il , ssibant bhiss esther you te.11 anybody what you see and I will cut you hairless little prick off before you even figure out what it '-s for . do you understand I ? she rapidly cut the air with the scissors -- snip - snipi Daniel frantically nod he head . she twist he hair again . esther , = - it 66 . N daniel I will not tell I will not tell , T xomisel p she hold he for a beat , savore he fear . a dabx stain seep through the bedspread . esther ' see it and grin . esther you piss yourself . Daniel be cry , humiliate , belplesa . , ' too terrify to dare make a sound . finally , she release he and turn off the light . as ick ad :it bwgan it she 's go . up in a b all and he faa in he pillow stifl e he bob int . doctor browning's office - waiting room - day . a secretary sit behind a desk . kate flip through a magazine . m John glance at he watch . rate give he a moment later , Dr brown emerge from be office u with esther . E estber it be nice talk to you , Alice . I I hope we can be friend . dr . browning I would like that . ( to. kate and John ) you can come on in - int . doctor browning's office - day Dr. brown 's manner be serious . kate and John sit , anxious . - ' dr . browning of well , let 's start with what youca I here for . you do not have anything ' be worried about with bsther . John breathes a sigh of relief . kate give - a dubious smile . kate she 's not dangerous ? dr . browning no , of course not . JOHN thank God . dr . browning it 's. not all good news . you do have a serious problem in . you home .. ( beat ) but the real issue be with you , rate kate react , stunne . 67 . int . doctor browning's office - waiting room - day esther. fidget , impatient . she turn to the Secretary : estrer May I go to the restroom ? int . doctor browning's office .- day Dr. brown continue . kate ' can not believe what ' she 's hearing : dr . browning I be able to coax she into admit that there 's be some tension between the two of - you . she 's really try very hard to please you . the problem be that you be block she attempt - to attach - with you . that 's why whenever something bad happen , you blame she , whether it 's really she fault or not . kate but that 's not what 's . be happen . dr . browning I doubt you be even aware that you be do it . but subconsciously you t aunt she to be bad because ' demonize she be you way of cover you own feeling _ of inadequacy as a mother . kate I do not feel inadequate . dr . browning but you do have doubt . you worry that ' you could relapse . kate what do that have to do with ' esther ? dr . browning frankly , everything . you guilt over what happen with Max be prevent - you from bond with esther . kate turn to John , aghast , but he 's take this very seriously . dr . browning it 's make you doubt you fitness as a mother . and that terrify you . so you be have trouble with esther , alonv come sister abigail with this storey about she be some kind of monster and you believe they because ( more ) 68 . dr . browning ( cont .'d ) it for 's easier than with yoj W fear , that there 's something hwrong th you . rate . what the hell do she tell you ?. dr . browning ... let 's not m4ke this about herana m a d dne real progress with she today tell you with complete certainty that esther be not to blame here . intercut int . restroom -- day in a C amera move in on one - , of 131sthex be in a ba11 mutter t herself , she eye glassy and star ing esteer she do not see . she do not know . she do not knout ahitl she start pounding the wall - of stall th she fist . we CUT between she a dr.- B rown talk to ltate D = dr . browning she 's a extremely bright , thoughtful , sensitive little girl go through a very challenging time . esther clutches she head , rock back and forth . esther goddamn , coaksuck bitch !! thinks she know well do not know shit !! dr . browning you just have to learn to be more patient . . you be really very lucky to have she . end intercut : esther 's fit have pass . she neatly compose herself and emerge from the stall ... and see that there 's a woman at the sink . she eye esther warily . probably hear everything . esther hesitates , then walk right by with . she nose in the air . tnt . garage -. day John pull the car in out of the rain . they get out and esther. go Inside . when kate be sure she 's out of earshot : kate thanks for the support back there . 69 . JOHN hey , I be not a psychiatrist . and a lot of what she 's say make sense . before she can respond , nate 's cell phone ring . she turn away from John ' and 'answer it . he sigh and go inside . kate - hello ? sister judith ( v.o. ) be this Mrs. coleman ? kate yes . who 's call ? sister judith ( v:o . ) this be sister judith from Saint cabrini 's . I be sorry to bother you . did- sister abigail make . it to 'her appointment with you yesterday ? T txnder roll . ext . private road - night crime scene tape flutter in the rain . police car be park - on the roadside , light flashing . detective shine flashli.ght ' under the bridge . sister abigail 's body - have be - discover . int . live room - day - kate and John sit across from a police detective and two uniformed patrol officer . kate and john - be still in shock . JOHN we will help in any way we can . we at least owe she that much . kate do you have any idea who could have do this ? ' detective ' we have .a suspect in custody base on a anonymous - tip . we be just try . to - place ham at the time we think the - murder take place . - JOHN who be it ? detective I can not tell you that right now . but he be find with the murder weapon , along with some cash and credit card . 70 . JOHN Jesus ..:: at kind of sick ' monster carjack a nun ? kate glance up , see esther crouch on the stair , watch ... int . family room - day Daniel sit in a big recliner , sullenly play a video game shoot - em-op . kate be research - on the Internet . we get close shot of some of she Google . result , inte ctf with Daniel blasting away at alien bad , he face angry and intense : " character -disturb Children . " - blame .-blame -blame " antisocial personality djsorder . " pl f-blami - " C ren of kfll . " esther enter hold Max 's handy leadin she around like a pet . Max numbly follow . they walk up to Daniel ' in the recliner . esther we want to sit there . kate esther , Daniel be there first . - Daniel eye esther . wary , but defiant . she sigh and make a - " cut " motion with two finger . Daniel brusquely turn off th e game and get out of the chair . - as ' he leave , kate call out , kate Daniel ? Daniel ? he ignore she and stomp upstairs . she watch he , concerned . int . JOHN be den - night kate show John some page she 's print out from the Internet . kate this be what sister abigail be tell we about . character - disturb child , ' look at the , symptom . ( reading ) " superficiallycharming . difficulty make and keep frinnd . cruelty to pet . bossy and control . overly affectionate with stranger . " JOHN " extended period of bedwetting . speech pathology . abnormal eye contact . " she do not have half of this . kate I still think Doctor brow have miss something . iner couldd ( more ) 71 . rate ( cont 'd ) have just tell she what she want ; to hear . look. ( flip age , read ) " character - disturb child be adroit manipulator . they can be exceptionally charismatic , oftentime play people off one another to get what they want . " JOHN save you show this to Doctor . bumowiie ? kate ( hesitates ) - I be not ' see she anymore .. JOHN you be not go to therapy ? when do you decide that ? sate when do you think ? John sigh . a tense -beat . JOHN I know you be . upset . but we have to at least consider the possibility that she 's right about this . kate no , we do not . why do everybody around here get the . benefit of the doubt for m you except I ? JOHN that 's not true . I be just .. worried about you , that 's all . we can hire someone to help you with the kid if it 's get to be too much . kate I do not need help . all I want be for a doctor who know what they be do to give we a second opinion . intercut : int . esther' bedroom - night all the light be out except for the black light in the aquarium . bather be touch up the painting of the mother lion we see when - we first meet she , but we can not see what she 's do to it . the black light cause some of the paint on she palette to fluoresce . John and kate 's voice carry , up through the heating vent : 72 . JOHN we be - not go to. keep take she to doctor until you hear what you want to hear . kate - that 's not what I be try to dal I - want this to work just as much as you do , but there be . serious question . that we still do not havethe answer to . if sister abigail be right about esther , . then people be dead because of heal JOHN - she do not really believe that . rat she do not want to believe it . but she be worried enough - to think we should put she in foster care until we find out for sure . JOHN for all , she good intention , sister abigail be not a train psychologist . she 'had certain suspicion about esther and they turn out to be wrong . why be can not you accept that ? kate ( a beat , thin ) ts ) what if somebody else think there be something wrong with she ? like the director of the orphanage in Russia ? esther stop painting and listen , suddenly apprehensive . kate if it 's a dead end , I will drop it . - but if they say the same thine , then we would have to get . a second opinion . John consider . he do not want to be unreasonable . he nod . JOHN all right .- see what you can find out . end intercut : esther ' fume . she angrily throw she painting across the room . rnt . kate and john' bathroom - morning John - be shave with he shirt off . he see esther in the reflection , slyly watch he . she smile at he . 73. . esther will , you take I to school today ? JOHN you will have to get ready early , EST = I .do not mind . int . live room - day kate be on the. phone . she have pen and - paper ready to take note . kate sister judith ? hi , this be kate . coleman . I teas . wonder if you would hear from anyone at the sludianka orphan 's shelter in Russia . sister abigail say that ...- oh , you do ? _ ( listen , troubled ) what do you mean ?... well , I do not understand . how could they not have any record of she be there ? ( listen ) . yes , please . call I the moment you hear anything . thank you . she hang up , disturb . int . JOHN be car - morning John drive . esther ride next to he . she sniffle and he realize that she 's hold back tear . JOHN what 's the matter ? esther I do not want to go to school . JOHN why not ? esther I hate it . nobody like I there . nobody ever like I . she stare forlornly out the window . Big sad eye . John sigh . JOHN you want - to play hooky ? ( off she look ) I can call in - sick and we will go to - the zoo . what do you think ? esther smile through she tear . 1 74 .. esther I would like that very much . ext . I tary school be morning kate drive up the steep hil1 in front of Daniel and esther 's school and stop at the end of a long 'line of parent drop kid off . Daniel . get out without look at kate . kate Daniel , wait a minute . he hang back . rate give he and Max a concerned -.look . rate - how be you guy get along with esther ? - , Daniel freeze . a apprehensive look pass between he and Max . daniel Fine , I guess . kate do she ever make you guy feel uncomfortable or do thing you know she 's not suppose to ? have she ever hurt either of you ? Daniel want to say something , but the frighten look on Max 's face stop he . rate realize she 's strike . a nerve . kate please . you can tell I anything . daniel - I gotta gu . before kate can stop -him , he close the car door and run off . ext . zoo -- day John and esther walk by the lion exhibit . - she take John 's hand and press it to she cheek . esther you do not know how - long I have wait for a ' daddy just . like you . JOHN and a monany , too . right ? esther hesitates . John notice . she give a sad shrug . esther I do not think !' Tommy like I very much . 75 . John be take aback . a awkward beat . - JOHN that 's not true ..- mc=my love ' you . esther it 's all right . I understand if she do not . it must be difficult to love a adopt child as much as - you own .. JOHN sweetheart , . you be just as much a part of this family - as Danny . and Max be . mommy do not love ' you any less because you be adopt . do you understand ? she nod , but do not look convinced . John think . JOHN why do not you do something special for she ? so she can see what a good girl you be . I will bet she would like that . esther 's face brighten . EST ler that 's a wonderful idea . I think I know just what I 'm.go to do , too . int . kitchen - night after dinner . kate be load the dishwasher . John be brig ing in dirty dish from the dining room . esther enter , all smile . hand hide behind she back . John give kate a expectant smile . esther I have a special surprise for you , mommy . kate eye she warily . no idea what to expect . kate you do ? esther - I pick this flower just for youl it 's kate 's memorial orchid . kate gasp . John be horrify . kate reach for the flower . kate estherl put that down --l esther laugh and playfully pull it away . kate grab she by the wrist and esther suddenly drop the flower , shrieking in pain . 76 . esther - you be , hurt I ! 's eaction . esther run from the room , - cr she wrigh wrist - e ying , and startle clutching esther JOHN what the hell do you do to she ? kate I just grab she arm ! aohn hurry after esther . kate hang back , pick the orchid - up " from off the floor . it 's ruin . int . family room - night esther sit . on the nofa , still cry . john comfort . she . kate look in on they . John shoot she a angry look . int . work shed .- night darkness . esther slip inside , close the door , turn on a light . go to the workbench . there 's a vice bolt to it . she find some rag and wrap they around she wrist where rate grab she . then she place she wrist in the vice , put the handle of a screwdriver between she tooth , and bite down on it . she take a couple of deep breath and sta 's clo in the yicg of she be . grimace in agonyy screwdriver clan ed between she tooth against the pain , she twist the vice tighter and tighter .. int . kitchen - night rate sit at the table . John have calm down , but be still angry . kate she know what it mean to I . she do it on purpose . , JOHN it be not even she idea . ( off she look ) I be the one who tell she she should try to do something nice for you . he leave . int . " esther' bedroom - night it 's late , the room be dark . esther plaintively call out : esther daddy ! daddy ! 77 . the door open . John , . blearily - enter in he pajamas . JOHN what in it , sweetheart ? esther my arm huit .' JOHN - - okay . let I see . he turn on a bedside lamp and sit on the bed . she pull up .hex` sleeve , cring . heir wrist be mottle with horrific B I int . emergency room - curtain area -- night a camera flash pop . esther be in a hospital gown ( still wear she black ribbon ) while a social worker photograph the bruise . , tnt . emergency room -- exam room - night rate and John sit across from a harry er doctor . a x-ray of esther 's arm be clipped to a light box . _ er doctor it 's a hairline fracture in she radius . kate I swear , I barely touch she . er doctor ( skeptical ) you will need to talk to the social - worker about that . she 's go to come in here - and ask you some question . JOHN but.it be just an.accident . er doctor it 's routine . we be require by law to file . a report . child protective service will be in touch to schedule a follow - up visit at you home . kate be shocked . John shoot she a dirty look . tnt . foyer -- night Home from the hospital . it 's very late . the kid be wear coat over they pajamas .. esther 's arm be in a fiberglass cast . John be carry Max , who have fall asleep .. as they start upstairs , kate reach out to John . he hang back . Daniel and esther go to they room . when they be go : 78 , kate you know I would never hurt any of the -. kid on purpose . JOHN I know . it 's not what you do on purpose that scare I . kate watch he go . .. be turn away and take Max upstairs . .1 tnt . music room - night - kate site curl up on the window seat by the planter , hold the wilting orchid and sobbing inconsolably , old wound re-opene ... int . kate and JOHN .''s bedroom - night Dark . John be asleep , alone in the bed . the door be ajar . esther appear in the.doorway . she peer in , watch he sleep . after a beat , she gather she courage and quietly enter , tiptoeing toward the bed . she pull back the cover and .climba in next to he . John do not stir . esther curl up beside he . int . kate minivan - day it 's raining . rate sit in the park van . no sound except raindrop tapping the roof . she 's look out at something . it 's the liquor store she drive by earlier . she 's - park in front of it , stare at it through - the rain-streaked windshield ... int . liquor store - night kate put two bottle of wine on the counter . the cashier ring they up . she 's anxious , guilty , already hat herself . kate we be have guest over for dinner . the cashier nod . like be give a shit . kate lower she eye . - int . kitchen - day the two wine bottle sit on the kitchen counter . one bottle be . open , a glass already pour . but kate 's not drink it . she 's just stand this , arm fold , look at it . the house be . quiet . she 's alone here . only she demon to keep she company - a long moment of . awful indecision pass , , kate paralyze . then she look up , she gaze move past the wine glass to the window . , through it , she can see the backyard . it 's the swim pool that hold she eye , its cold - surface rippling in the rain . but - she 's see something else there , something awful . impossible to know - what she 's think , but whatever it be , it move she to action : 79 . she , abruptly grab the glass and quickly empty it in the sink before she -can change hex mind . - then she grab the. open wine ' bottle and pour it all down the drain . she run the water and scrub the sink with she fingertip , remove every trace . toss the empty bottle in the trash and tie up the garbage bag . ext . coleman residence - day kate hurry out in the rain and stuff the kitchen trash in the garbage can , bury it under - another bag . int . kitchen - day - kate re-enter , drip wet . there 's still the other wine bottle . the unopen one . she 1iesitate . int . kate and john' bedroom ' - day rate 's . in the walk - in closet . she hide ' the wine bottle in a cubby in she shoe rack and turn out the light . int . kate minivan -- morning driving the kid to school . kate look draw and weak . Daniel and Max stare off into space . esther hold a stack of she painting in she lap , obliviously prattling : esther I can not wait for show - and - tell . I hope Mrs. grosse . like my painting . I do one especially for she .. . nobody respond . kate 's block she out . esther do not mind . ext . elementary school / int . kate minivan - morning kate drive up the hill and pull to the curb . Daniel get out , but ' esther struggle , she wrist cast make she clumsy , and she awkwardly fumble she painting .. they land in the gutter and start-blowing away . she give kate a horrible , - plead - look esther moumiy ! my painting ! kate eye she accusingly . kate you drop they on purpose . esther no , I do not ! I swear !. - kate do not believe it for a second , but see a crossing guard and a few kide hurry to grab the painting as they be carry off by the wind . kate shoot esther a dirty look , then set the parking brake with a exasperate sigh and get out to help ... 80 . acti but , the second - rate be out of the van , esther spring tut like a snake that 's be poise to strike . sh cï¿½ put 's 's then gear shit in ' neutral andggrab the parki no she .an alarmed look . esther smile at she ... release t braka . Daniel see esther jump out of the van , just ag it start 1 roll ._ ba hile daniel moroi frazzle , kate turn to . Daniel .. he point . to the van . kate shitt she hurry after it , but it 's already . inove too fast , pick up speed , roll into oncoming e go into a panic - fuel ' run , . sure erupting into ic . , kat kate maxi driver with van a of 's park a ar esheering gerssi door . c d Max be trap in she car seat , helpless , eye wide in mute terror , .as the minivan clear the park car , head ed for the intersection at the bottom of the hill .. kate chase it , powsrlen 's to do anything but watch . - kate maaaaax ! 1 ! the minivan cam into the intersection . tire S âº horn car yrgave , and 's = hal . T t3 sh - b all and 0 mv into a streetlight on the opposa.t e corn . kate frantically dash across the street , hysterical with fear , and throw open the back door . Max be cry and terrify , but safe . kate 'scoop Max into she arm , clutching she to she chest . it 's okay , baby . it 's okay , you be all right . mo_irimy ' 's get you ... back at the school a crowd have out front ; horrify , . watch breathlesslyguntilehe see pull uï¿½ Max lsafe y ï¿½ the van . ' a wave of relief wash over he . then he whirl angrily , look for esther . be blithely head to class , painting hertarmj , gas if nothing ha pene . p bl . int .'. live room - night rate sit across from John and Dr. brown . the mood fa grim : kate I set the brake . . bven if I have n'tr the police say it would not have . : roll unless it be put in neutral . dr . browning . but Max say she do not see esther do anything wrong . Max be cover.ng for she . and X do not think it 's the first time . dr . browning it also -would not be the first time that you have try to blame esther for . something that be really you fault . xate this. be n -'t all in my head . sister abigail be right . there be something wrong with esther . and I do not care anymore if I can not prove it . I ' want she out of this house . John and Dr. brown exchange a dark look . dr . b' owning so you be at a place where you would actually let somebody take she away ? kate I will do whatever I have to , do to protect my child . JOHN 56 will 1 . ( be : Dr. brown ) that 's why she 's here . something in he voice make kate apprehensive . a uneasy beat . dr . browning I have a open hold for you at a residential rehabilitation clinic about forty - five mile from here . they specialize in extend treatment for woman who be relapse alcoholics . kate be stunne silent . she gape at . they . with a mix of anger and fear , unable to stop ' a flash of guilt . how much do they know ...?. .82 .. kate . what be you talk .about ? - JOHN I will stand by you through this for as long as it take . my mom 'a already agree . , to 'help look after the - kid . . rat tell she not to bother . ( to Dr. brown ) I would like you to leave now . JOHN kate , do not . John stand and take something from inside the sideboard . ile : set it on the coffee table between they ... qtr , 's the wine bottl g she hide " he closet . kate be stricken . she look at it like it be a poisonous spider . JOHN the girl find it while they be play in you . closet . kate the girl ? " you mean esther find it . JOHN yes , esther find it . do that make a difference ? be she lie ? a beat . kate 's silence - be answer enough . kate I do not ... I buy two bottle . I pour the other one down - the sink . JOHN but not this onie . again , no answer necessary .. kate look defeat , tear welling . kate I be not go to rehab . jqhn I be not go to leave you - alone with the kid again until you do . - . kate I have not have a drink in almost a year . John sigh , frustrated .- Dr. brown intervene , she voice infuriatingly even . and calm . ' 83. dr . drowning relapse be very common in early sobriety . we can help you . but not until you drop the charade . - kate it 's not a charade . I want to - drink i t . you have no fuck idea how . badly I want to drink it . but I do not . ( off John 's look ) I know 1 should have tell you .. I be just afraid of what you would do . JOHN I want you to come to I . that 's why , I do not confront you with it last night . if Max have get hurt this morning , it . would have be because I trust you tell I if there be a problem . rate what happen this morning have nothing to do with this ! JOHN l for ow do you expect I to believe that ? kate Max and Daniel be the only reason I be still sober . I would never do anything that would hurt they . dr . browning you do not think this behavior effect they ? kate you know damn . well what I be talk about . _ her voice be brittle now , barely control . a beat . the tear sta rt to spill . kate when I look out at the pool and think ... ( to John ) when I try to imagine what would have happen if you have not come home early that day ... it make I want to kill myself . I would the before I let something like that happen again . JOHN then why - not throw both bottle away ? 84 , kate - becauso " I need help . i think I could handle it myself , but I can not . I will go back to -therapy . I will start go to a.a. meeting . JOHN that 's not enough anymore . ' I tell you last time what I would do if this 'ever happen again . I be try to give you another chance . kate - you have not hear . a word I have say . JOHN I have hear enough . if it be just the two of we , that would be one thing . but I can not let you be in a position where you could hurt the kid . kate I be not the one you need to be worried aboutt Seven people close to esther have die in the past year . Max be almost the eighth . now many more coincidence be you willing to ignore ? JOHN kate , stop it . you be talk about a eight - year - old girl . and right now she 's make a lot more sense than you be . kate I know I have not give you any reason to believe I . but you have to . I be begging you . JOHN I be sorry . maybe if you would be honest with I from the start . but not now . angle -- max and esther peer around the corner , watch they argue . Max be cry . JOHN you either check into rehab this week or I leave and I take the kid with I . esther lean close and whisper into Max 's hearing aid : esther I will kill she it you tell .. 85 . Max give she a frighten look . - just then , doris . appear with a bowl of popcorn . she quickly ehoos the girl away . doris come on , you two . let 's go watch tv . Max wipe she eye . esther take she hand and lead she away . ext . coleman residence -- night - John walk doris out to she car . - he give she a hug . JOHN - you sure you do not mind ? she 's not go to appreciate you be around . doris . I do not care what she appreciate . you can not leave that kid alone with she while you be at work all day . ( off he look ) you be do the right thing . do not let she change you mind . JOHN I will see you tomorrow . doris get in she car . John look conflict . int . upstair hallway - night bedtime . esther can be hear humming through the close bathroom door . Daniel listen as he sneak down the hall in he pajamas ... int . max's bedrrom - night Max 's eye be red from cry . she 's draw a picture , but hide it under some other papers when Daniel enter . be close the door . esther 's humming can be hear o.s. a tense beat . daniel be you okay ? ' Max nod . Daniel sit down next to she . he lower he voice . daniel do esther do something to the van ? Max turn away and shake she bead . daniel it 's okay . you can tell no . I see she jump out before . it start to roll . Max give he a startle look , suddenly frighten . 86 .. max did xod : tell on !3er ? daniel no way . dad will not believe I . you have to do it with I . Max shake she head and start signing , but Daniel can not keep up . daniel slow down , ' I do not understand . do she make the van crash ? a long beat . Max reluctantly nod ' . - daniel then we have to tell Mom and dad . Max start cry . she sign , but Daniel do not understand . frustrate , Max start hit he . Daniel grab she arm daniel - stop it !- she 's go to kill we if we do not tell ! morn and dad can protect we ! max. shake she head . Daniel release she . daniel why not ? max nobody can . Daniel stop short . Max hesitates , then get up and show he the picture that she hide from he when he first come in . they be crude crayon drawing of Max and esther . in the first , esther stand atop the rocket ship slide and push Brenda down the stair while Max watch .. the= next one turn Daniel 's blood cold . X &amp ; 's of sister abigail 's murder . esther stand over sister abigail with a bloody hammer wh e r e Max cower under the bridge . the last one be of esther and Max in the treehouse . esther be cover in blood . daniel what do she do in the treehouse ? max she put tee bad thing there . suddenly , esther 's o.s. " hum stop . Daniel look up , alarmed . daniel be she 's come . 87 . ' Max quickly hide the. picture - . Daniel scramble to the door , but - pause and sign to Max as best he can . daniel everything 's go to be all right . int . ' upstair hallway - night Daniel hurry back to he room and close the door , just as esther emerge from the bathroom . she pause , suspicious . int . kate and john' bedroom -r night kate and John be in bed . it 's 3:23 a.m . ' they both appear to be sleep . then kate. move . she 's still wide awake . she look over at John , slowly push the cover back , and inch out of bed so that he do not wake u es ' p . she quietly dress . int tipstairs hallway - night kate emerge from they bedroom with a small overnight bag and cree ps into the dark hallway , careful not to make any noise . she stop by the. door of Max 's bedroom , and slowly open it . tnt . max's bedroom - night kate slip inside , close the door ; and start toward Max 's bed ...- suddenly , a desk light come on . it 's bather . she 's be sit there in the dark . the light cast strange shadow on she face . esther .. go somewhere , kate ? kate startles and whirl to check on Max . she 's. fast asleep . esther she 's fine . lot 's not wake she . kate what be you do in here ? esther 1 - could not sleep . I be -afraid you might try to take Daniel and Max away . kate stand freeze , frustrated and 'angry . kate go to you room . esther ( laugh ) honestly , we be past that now , be not we ?. 86 . t kate I 'um not go to let you hurt my child . - esther 1 m not the one who passedouutt drunk . and let I hear the first step be ( on.ffideannttially ) - admit that . you have a problem . kate ( a beat , stricken ) who tell you about that . - esther hold up kate 's journal : : kate blanch . esther it 's in you journal . I find ï¿½it a few week ago .. it 's very intimate . 3 learn so much about you . you marital trouble , you drink problem . where you hide you wine bottle . you have lovely handwrite , by the way . would you like to bear my favorite part ? esther have a page mark . she read : esther " eight week before my due date , jessica die - from several undiagnose birth defect . I have not feel she move for day , but now that I know she be dead , I start - to feel she kick again . it 's call phantom fetal movement , like the pain feel in a miss limb . I be a amputee and my baby be the lose part of I . because of other complication , Doctor kosgrove do not want to induce . so I have to wait to go into labor . for sixteen day I carry jessica 's body and feel she ghostnow a kick in my - belly . y womb coffin and inside I sleep a corpse . " ( to kate ) how perfectly hideous . no wonder you turn into a nasty , smelly drunk . kate be dumbfounded , tremble with impotent rage and raw emotion . esther kate . you do not know how lucky you be , I will never have child of my own . my father paw to that while I be still - in diaper . i. actually do not " remember a 7 time when he be not fucking.me . ( more ) 89 . E sther ( cony ' D ) ( off kate 's look ) I do not want you pity . ' he do it to make I strong . so 1 , would not turn out weak and ' pathetic like you .. rate I 'mis pot weak .. esther please . you be soft . like , &amp ; worm . lose you baby could have . make you stronger . but for you it 's alwa s.more therapy and more - pill and more booze . anything so that you don .'t have to actually face the so state of you miserable existence . and why should you ? you have get John to carry you dead weight around .. but you know something ? you do not deserve he . and sooner 'or later , he 's go to figure that out . esther stand up to leave . kate -block she path . esther what be you go to do ? hit I ? - kate. look really tempt . a beat . she put out she hand for the journal . esther give it to she with a smile . kate step aside . esther see you tomorrow . she leave . kate glare after she . - int . kate and john' bedroom - day . kate be on the phone , angry , try to keep she voice low , kate I need to know where she come from and I need to know now . intercut : int . home for girl - office - day sister judith talk . to rate on - the phone , look harry . sister 'judith I be sorry , we have call every orphanage in Moscow try to find out . kate we adopt she from yquI how can you not know anything about she ?!- 90 . sister judith the wallace could have adopt she illegally . be you - sure remember anything that could he do not ? end intercut : kate - I will call you back . she curtly hang up - int . family room - day doris play a game with the kid . esther feign ' nonchalance , but . the tension be thick between dani?l and Max . doris be oblivious . doris I say Professor plum do it in the conservatory with the candlestick ... int . esther' bedroom - day kate rifle . through esther 'a thing . she find the life book that e fli it . the p i till blank exce forstherfaamily photo that fate put ingforahers then she notice that the first page have be tear out . and on the page . caption ' " estber join the family , " p.sther 's face have be et cu oval cut out df " h farm of be creepy . kate ransack the room , . search for something , , anything . then she notice a.stuff doll that she just knock over . its dress have be flip up , revealing , g slit , cut in he doll 's pack . grab it . something have be hide in the stuff ... tt 's a ' ï¿½ Bible . kate pull it out and quickly look through the picture that - esther keep inside . they be the same photo of the wallace that we see earlier . with one new addition . it 's the miss page from esther '.s life book , the picture of kate and John at they wedding . but the face that esther cut out , from the other picture have be glue over kate 'a . face here , p 3t loo like jtobm ddd $ she be egï¿ ½ S marky . the caption be still " mommy &amp ; daddy get married . " kate shudder . kate Jesus Christ ... she flip through the : Bible and shake it , but there 's nothing else . she notice that the Bible - be in a foreign language . there 's a ink stamp on the inside cover . it 's in the sa I . language as the Bible . " see on saarne rnatituat omand . " she focus on two word : seamne . inatituut . 91 . int . family rook ! - day Daniel get up from the.game . doris where be you go ? daniel bathroom . esther eye he as he leave . int . downstair hallway - day - Daniel hurriedly sneak toward John 's de , but stop just outside . be hear a keyboard clacking and warily peer around the. corner . kate ia fwork on John 's computer . Daniel eye the keepsake BOX . . no way to get to it unseen . be think a beat , then slip away ... ' int . JOHN be den - day kate google " saarne instituut . " all the site that come tap be in the same language as esther 's Bible . she sigh , frustrated . then she see something -- a photo of a gothic mansion . the sign out front read : " saarne instituut . " kate recognize it - instantly . it 's the same gothic mansion from bather 's painting . she scour the web site for anything ' decipherable . there 's a - link : " kontakt ja xnfo . " she click it . there 's a phone number . int . garage -- day Daniel look around , find what he 's look for : a tire iron . int . JOHN be den - day kate be on the phone , anxiously ' listen to the tone of a foreign telephone ringing .- then : receptionist 01 ( v.0 . ) saarne instituat . xas in - eaan teid aidata7 kate uh , hello . - I be sorry , do you speak English ? receptionist # 1 ( v.0 . ) ruidas , palun7 kate do you speak . English ? do anybody there speak -english ? this be very - important . 92 . receptionist # 1 ( v.0 . ) ma ei sac aru . dote like silmapilk . kate start to - say somethf.ng , but she 's interrupt by hold music . ext . treehouse - day I ) a aje run lookslaround . of the coast be clear . hetstartsï¿½climbing ... int . JOHN be den - day kate be still .on - hold. , finally - , a max ' pick up . be speak English with the same accent as esther . receptionist # 2 ( v.a. ) hello ? kate be this the saarne Institute ? receptionist # 2 ( v.o. ) yes . kate I need to talk to someone about one of you child . she be adopt by .an american family about a year ago . receptionist # Z I beg you pardon ? kate a little girl , possibly adopt from you orphanage . I be try to find somebody who might remember she . receptionist # 2 ( v.o. ) this girl , she be - not come from here . kate can not you at least check ? receptionist # 2 '( v.0 . ) no , I be sorry . kate please , I know she at least spend some time there . ' receptionist # 2 ( v.o. ) no , 'ou not understand . saarne Institute be not orphanage . it be mental hospital . off rate 's shocked reaction : 93. V. int . / ext . treehou SE . -:-'day . craaaack ! Daniel use the tire iro n'to pry the hasp off the treehouse door . the wood splinter and the hasp come free . he enter and look 'around . nothing unusual . he throw back the rug and pull up the loose plank . Max 's " hello kitt l " backpack be stuff inside . he unzip it , he , eye go wide with ho or ... be be he pull bsther ' blood - stain d ess for t L e ï¿½c ck . esther ( 0.s. ) I could not have , do it by myself , you - know . Daniel whirl around . ' camera reveal esther stand in the doorway behind he . - she 's hold something behind she back . esther - Max be just ag-guilty as I be . she step toward he 'and he back .. away , angere by she word , but wary of that hand - behind she back . what 's she bide ... 7 daniel you leave she alone . esther think about it . somebody have to have help I . if they find that dress , they will not just be come for I . they will become for Max , too .. be that really what you want ? she 's maneuver he away from the door . Daniel screw up -his courage and stand he ground . daniel - you be full of shit . I be tell Mom what you do and you be gonna fry for it . esther ( sigh ) all right . I be just try to be. nice . and with that : she take a can charcoal , lighter fluid from behind she back and tazt snravina the-floor at Daniel 's foot with Al . he gasp ' and jump back as it splatter in . front of hire . she douse the floor from one side to the other . then she open a book of match and light one . Daniel blanch , esther Goodbye , Daniel . 94 . she drop the match . - the lighter fluid ignite ' and a wall between Daniel the door , esther smile at he through fire the er tgl , pp3e trap . int . JOHN ' S den - -.day . kate talk on the phone . she 's e-mail a picture of esther . kate it 's call the saarne Institute . s-a - a-r-n-e. it 's in estonia : int . home for girl - office - day sister judith jot down the info .. - sister judith estonia ? this can not be right . all he be paperwork be from Russia . int . john' den -.day kate please , just try to find out if sh e be ever a patient there . I be send they a-picture of she right now . int . / ext . treehouse - day smoke pour from the treehouse . esther have climb down and be watch it burn . Inside , Daniel be surround by flam es , choke on black smoke . he stumble to a window and stick he head out . daniel momi help ! m0000 MI the fire close in . the place be go up like a tinderbox . he carefully climb out the window and stand - on the sill , fifteen foot off the ground . daniel moooom ! 1 he hug the side of the treehouse , panicked . the flame grow higher , lick at he foot . no place to go now but up . he reach for the edge of the roof and struggle to pull himself onto it , he leg kick out over empty space . he get a elbow on the slope roof and start wriggle up onto it ... . suddenly -- he sue . he glide dawn , arel grab the q2 9 t h e with he fin e 's aj the last seco esther gasp , excited , like she 's the front row of a great sport event . daniel mommyi help mseeii 95 .. `.. int . john' den day kate 's still on the phone . she glance out window backyard and the wood beyond . suddenly , she eye wide . thea colomn of smoke rise above the treeetop s. realization - and horror slam home at the same time . to ext . treehoose - day Daniel fight desperately to hang on . bother watch , eye wide with exhilaration . for alone , breathless beat ï¿½ï¿½ajustt . uskg a there , dangle helplessly , finger slip y. hen hg lose , dg l b you [ - gts to ou d . he land hard and do not move . esther walk over and crouch next to he . she touch he neck for a pulse . he 's still alive . esther pout , disappointed . she - look around , find a hea vy rock . she lift it over she head , ready to cave . in Daniel 's skull ... sudde l y , Max rus e innc3 ushe gsaï¿½ â º knck from she hand . esther whirl on Max , eye 's flash i rage . g but then kate be there , run up the path with doris not far behind . kate see Daniel 's rumppledabodyta and he she world collapse , everything else fall away . kate oh , my God ! daniell baby , can you hear I ? please , baby ! wake up . he do not move . kate call out to doris : . kate call nine - one --onel doris hurry back to the house . kate catch esther watch she warily .. kate glare at she with pure hate . ext . coleman residence - day ' firefigiiters have arrive to put out the treehouse . neighbor gather to gawk . Max be in the house , watch from the window as emt load Daniel into a ambulance . he 's still unconscious a d in full cervical immobilization . doris bower nervously .- gby kthe atewrist . climb in with Daniel , angrily drag esther kate get in here . doris she can ride with we . kate I be not let she out of my sight .. 96 .- int . hospital - waiting room - night hour later . the-whole - family - wait fpr-new kate and John sit across from one another ; the silence and tension heavy between its with irl - doc wan ) en er . kate a drthesother be inst ntly on eir foot : dr . rajah . ' I stop . - the abdominal bleed . - ue1b should consider b yourselves ery lucky V relief ' flood over . kate and John . esther listen , intent ... JOHN can we see he ? - dr . rajan in a little while . he 'a rest in icu . - kate will he be able to tell we what happen ? a point glance - between kate and John . Dr. rajan do not notice . dr . rajan it 's possible . there 's no way of - know for sure what he will remember until he wake up . esther shift nervously . not the answer she be hope for ... int . hospital -, waiting -room .- night ( timecut ) rate have take John aside , voice low , out of earshot of the .other . she 's show he two piece of paper : one be 'a pa inting esther do of the old gothic mansion .. the other in a printout of the photo from the - saarne Institute 's web site . _ kate she-told I she just make it up , but it 's.a real place . JOHN there have to be some other explanation . she do not come from a insane asylum ! kate how do we know ? the orphanage we think she come from have never even ' hear of she [ - everything . about she could be a lie ! 97 . JOHN - we have she passport , she birth certificate , she school and medical - . record -- kate it 's just paper , johni from halfway around the world !-- this be not last I be paranoid . call . Saint cabrini 's yourself . if ' you do not believe I . a beat . John look like he 's waver . rate you own mother be there this time . only esther or Daniel could have start that fire . I know who I think do it . do you ? . JOHN I do not know what to think anymore . kate well , I be do connect the dot for you . you can believe what you want about I . blame I for everything . I will leave tonight if you want I to , on one condition . ( beat ) esther go , too . across the room esther watch kate and John . she can not hear what ' they be say . she look worried . she turn to doris . esther can I have a dollar for the pop machine ? doris give she a dollar. from she 'purse . esther smile and head toward the vend machine .. Max watch she go . but as soon as esther 's out of sight , she cheery face turn to graiii.te . she put the dollar in she pocket and sneak away ... int . foyer - night back at home , the phone ring . the answer machine pick up . a man with a estonian accent ( dr . varava ) leave a message : dr . vxmva ( v.o . ) I be . call for Katherine coleman . - this be Doctor v.rava from the saarne Institute in tallinn . please - cill I immediately ; .. 98 . int . hospital - icu - night esther peer through a door.and see Daniel lie unconscious with a rigid a traction , both he arm by wire heart rate monitor beeps esther approach he bed like the angel of death slowly draw the curtain around they . the heart rate monitor be clipped to he finger . esther slip . it onto she own finger . the machine continue to beep , register she heartbeat instead of he . slowly , she climb up onto the bed , prowling like , a cat . she carefully straddle he and take a pillow from under he head . the movement cause he to stir . his eyelid flutter . at the last moment , he see she loom , over he ... then 's 'ash 's the ' iï¿½ 1 down ova hin face . he al Daniel struggle , . but he can barely move , traction wire jangling as he thrashes helplessly . his scream be muffle under the pillow . esther viciously press down with all she strength ... int . hospital - waiting room - night Max sit next to doris , stare at . the hallway that lead tor - the .vending area , wait she get 's 's P. walk toward iit , be d aount . uchlook worried . t u and 's d a maxine , where be you go ? Max turn the corner . the vend area be empty . esther isn .'t there . Max 's eye go wide with fear . int . hospital -- icu - night Daniel have stop struggle . when esther finally lift the , pillow , he eye be they a and sly 's the pillow d u be headr gently close e nderneath h then she climb down from the bed and slip the heart rate monitor back on he finger . flatline . a alarm sound . in . hospital - waiting room - night Max run up to kate and John . she urgently yank kate 's arm . kate what - be it , sweetie ? suddenly , a call come on the overhead speaker : hospital operator ( v.0 . ) code ninety - nine , icu . code ninety - nine , icu . 99 . . Dr. rajan run by at top speed . kate gasp , panicked . rate oh , my. God ... daniell she and John run after Dr. rajan . doris quickly grab Max to keep she from follow . int . hospital -. lcd - night kate and John follow Dr. rajan.to the room where a code team race to resuscitate Daniel . kate dan.il -i! kate and John try to enter the room , but the icu nurse stop they . kate what 's happen --? 1 icu nurse you have to stay out here . _ they catch a glimpse of Dr. rajan pick up defibrillator paddle before the door be slanhei ) in they terrify face . int . hospital - icu - night ( timectt ) rate and John sit outside , wait . Dr. rajan emerge . his face tell . they everything . rate 's cry before he even say a word . dr . rajan I be sorry .. his injury be more severe than we first think . John choke back tear . he hold kate close as she sob . kate oh , no ... oh , no ... oh , my baby ... _ dr . rajan we be so sorry . a terrible loss , we be so sorry ... kate get up and rush into Daniel 's room in time to see the icu nurse cover he body with a sheet . kate collapse to the floor , weak with horror and grief . John try to comfort she . then slowly , kate 's eye turn steely and she grief burn into rage . she push . John away and stand up . rate where be she ? int . hospital -- waiting ' room night kate storm in and look - 'around , she - face a mask , of fury . John hurry after she . she spot esther . return from ding machine , - innocently sip a. e c h t e 'ven kate what do you do ?! heads'turi . doris and Max be take aback . kate look insane . she stride . toward esther , gain momentum with every step , but esther just look up at she with a half -hidden smile on she fa ce . rate , what do " you do to he , you bitch ?!. they ,he slap se the as ha as she . cmn h t e face , send she reeling to it fioot everyone be - horrify . JOHN kate ! stop it ! rate look ready to hit she again , but a nurse hold she back . waiting room nurse orderly I esther touch she mouth . she 's bleed . for a beat , she just lie be sr - uina shock he th of John u and - in g burst a into tear sen en-shewsee stantly esther daddy ! daddy ! help I ! John scoops she into he arm ; kate be apoplectic . it take two orderlies to hold she . Max watch , cry . kate she kill he ! he be go to live and she kill he ! 1 JOHN she be out here the whole time ! Dr. rajan rush in , readying a syringe . kate no ! get away from I l i ! dr . rajah hold she still ! a small crowd have gather , watch with horror and pity as the orderly overpower she . Dr. rajan -grab kate 's arm , quickly hunt for a vein , then jab the needle - in . kate scream . 101 . pleaeet somebody listen to I ! she kill . my . baby I she kill my baby ... but she eyelid be already . droop . John watch , nearly overwhelm with emotion . kate go limp in the orderly ' arm . int . hospital room - night kate lie in a bed , barely conscious . a nurse . push -a ' sedative into a iv tube tape to kate 's arm . rate look - up ' groggily . and see John talk to Dr. rajan . dr . rajah we can keep she sedate overnight . John nod . he wait for Dr. rajan and the nurse to leave , then walk over and look , down at kate . she 's fight to stay awake . JOHN Mom 's drive we home . I think it 's better if you stay here tonight . I do not want you around the kid like this . kate weakly grasp he hand , she voice a thready whisper : kate John ... please ... please do not let she take my family ... a long , emotional beat . John hesitates , conflict . then he place she hand back on the bed and turn away . she try to call out , but do not have the strength . - she see the girl wait in - the hallway . Max have be cry . she look scared . John lead they all away . and the last thing kate see - before black - out again be esther 's devious smile ... ext . coleman residence - establishing - night lightning flash in the distance . there 's a storm come . int . max's bedroom - night John tuck Max into bed . when he lean down to kiss she , we see esther watch from the doorway . Max eye she warily ... JOHN what 's wrong , sweetheart ? - esther she 's think about Daniel . ( to Max ) be not you ? 1.02 . Max reluctantly nod . John give she a sad look . JOHN I , tqo . esther enter and stand next to john at Max 's bedside . bsther - sweet dream . - as she kiss max good night , esther fuitively redch out and grab Max 's hearing aid from off her.nigbtstand ... l for 7t . esther' bedroom - night - esther stand at she closet , 'look through - she pretty dress , leasantly . sung to herself . she hold one up to she chin , look at herself in the mirror . then another . she choose a ruffly dress and lay it out on she bed . shersand ov er it with a a pair of - scissor in she h a no , e y eing - it app g y . after -a thoughtful beat , she start cut its rufflesoff ... int . foyer - night esther 's humming can be hear o.s. John trudge downstairs , . exhaust and emotionally devastate . he -goe into the , live room , slump in a chair , bury he face in he hand , and cry . camera pull back , revealing the unnotice answer machine in f.g . the light on it be blinking . one new message ... tnt . upstair hallway - night walk down the hall , ï¿½ray with she dress drape over h er-army stillhum ming . go into the bathroom and c ose doo L int . hospital room - night esther 's humming continue , no other sound here at 'all ... rate come to , fight she drug-induced stupor . she force herself to sit up and gingerly pull the iv needle out of she arm . int . hospital - icu -- night esther 's humk ng.continue , still no sound . kate stand in rthede . doorway . the bed Daniel be lie in be already - empty and as if - he be never here . rain streak down the window . ] Cate enter and sit down heavily next to the bed . she touch the place where she son lay dead only bourn before . she brehk down and sob inconsolably , but we can not hear it , only the summing of esther 's lighthearted , melodic tune . 103 . int . family room - night back to normal SOUND . John sit on the sofa , eye red anti teary , watch a videotape - of Daniel pla'irig soccer . there 's a noise from the kitchen .. be_pause the video , listen . a moment later , $ oft'kusic start vlayin3 q.s. a old , crackly recording from the forty of the ink spot sing " i'm making believe . " sentimental , bittersweet , and a little creepy . baffle , John go to the kitchen ... int . kitchen - night ... and stop short at what he see . esther stand on a chair , cut slice of cheese with a large knife . - she 's prepare a plate of fruit , cheese , - and-cracker . she 's wear the dress we see she choose , but with some alteration . the ruffle be go , so be - the sleeve . it 's low cut and too grow up . her hair be perfectly curl and she face be cake with makeup --- powder , red lipstick , thick mascara , dark eyeliner -- give she a grotesque , woman -child , eight - year - old - beauty - queen look . jon benet ramsey by way of angelina jolie . John be stupefy . she szaile at he . outside , thunder rumble . esther 4 hello , darling . JOHN what be you do ? esther - - make you a snack . you skip you dinner . JOHN get down from there . that knife 's too sharp for you to be play with . esther climb down from the chair and nonchalantly carry the cheese and cracker plate to the dining room , as - if he have not say anything . John follow she , dumbfounded ... int . dine room .- night there be two glass and a bottle of sparkling water on the dining room table . dim lighting and romantic music . John be completely nonpluss . ' esther set the cheese plate on the table . JOHN what be this ? - 104 . esther .-- I want to do something special for you . I do not like my daddy to be unhappy . JOHN - but why be you dress like that ? $ sthsr do not you like it ? joan no , I do not .- you be not suppose to play with mommy 's makeup . esther I be sorry , sir . i.just want to be as ' pretty for you - as she be . JOHN you do not need makeup to be pretty . esther be touch . she gaze up at . he lovingly . esther you really mean that , do not you ? JOHN of course . why do not you go wash you face and we will tuck you back into bed . esther - but - 1 work so hard . can not we stay up just a little longer ? she give he the big , sad eye . they be a little disconcert under all the makeup .. John sigh . ' JOHN - all right . we will have a little snack and then off - to bed . esther beam . John sit down , reluctantly humoring she . esther start pour sparkling water into the glass . esther we really . should be drink that bottle - of wine , but I could not find it . JOHN Little girl be not allow to drink wine . esther . I be not so little . to family .. 105 . she raise a glass in toast . : John give she a sad look , but go along with it . they -clink they .glasses together and drink . but. instead of sit down , ' esther continue to stand next to 'him . she pick up a piece of cheese and try to feed it to he . John eye she uneasily ' . ' be take the cheese from she . and eat it . JOHN why do not you sit down ? estber I like be close to you . she gaze into he eye and . touch he face . John move she hand away , suddenly very uncomfortable . she hesitates , nervous ... then ean sae qn h. John grab she arm and abruptly push . she away xn-shock and near-panic . esther what 's wrong ? JOHN do not ever do that again . estbsr i. think you love I . you say I be pretty . JOHN of course , I love you . but not ... it 's different than how I love mommy . you be my little girl . esther will you stop say that ? we can be together now , do not you see ? she can not come - between we anymore . JOHN who can not ? you mean mommy ? esthbr she 's not my inormyl please , sir , I will do anything for you ... she reach out to touch he face again , but he grab she hand . JOHN esther , stop it ! I mean it . this be wrong . esther be I be bad ? - you can spank I . it you -'.d like . I will let you . I will not , evn cry . unless you want I to . 106 . John gape with -disgust and horror , . he look like he-might vomit . JOHN . God ouoin a beat . esther look heartbroken . suddenly , she try to kiss he again , desperate this time , throw herself at he , push she to the floor . she frantically crawl back to he . be hurry to the other side of the table . esther please ! please ! you be ruin. it ! jdhn Jesus Christ , lust stop talk ! go upstairs and wipe that shit off you facel right nowt esther run upstairst cry .- John just gape in utter disma and revulsion . he run into the kitchen and throw up in the sink . int . esther' bedroom - night esther situ at she little vanity table , look at she overly make - up face in the mirror , and sob hysterically ... int . hospital - icu - night . - kate be still sit at Daniel 's empty . bed , eye red and puffy from cry . outside , it 's raining harder . lightn flash . her cell phone chime . she eye it wearily , consider not answer . ' after a few ring , - she pick up . , kate hello ? dr . varava v.o. ) be this Katherine coleman ? kate who 's call ? intercut : int . saarne institute - morning - Doctor varava be a craggy - face a in'his 50' . his manner be urgent , almost desperate . as he speak on the phone . dr . varava . my name be Doctor varava from the saarne Institute . I get you mobile number from sister judith . kate sit up , suddenly rouse . 107 . rate do you get the picture I :sent ? do you recognize she ? dr . varava - yes , X do . where be she now ? be - she. with you ? - kate no , she 's at home with my husband . dr . varava neetudl call he ut and to get you family of ï¿½ e ush er call the police . - kate he will not do it . he 's not go to do anything without some kind of proof . dr . varava then tell he that the little girl in that picture be not a little girl . kate stop short , confuse and suddenly frighten . kate . what be you talk about ? the picture I send , you be of we adopt daughter . she 's only eight year old . dr , varava . - no , she 's not . she have a pituitary disorder that cause proportional dwarfism . she only jcz tike a child . int . esther' bedroom -- night we be intercuttinq now with esther at she vanity , she cry building to a maniacal wail , she makeup streaking . from she tear . dr . varava her real name be veera klammer , she escape from here eighteen month ago and she 's thirty - two year old ! esther scream , slowly scratch she face with she fingernails .. resume kate and varava kate 's mind be reeling . kate this can not be . there have to be a mistake . 108 . dr . vapava do she have the scar ? rate what scar ? esther - have stop cry , she sorrow burn into blind , monstrous rage . she glare at she reflection , she mascara smear down she cheek . dr . ' varav - we'had to keep het .in a restraint jacket when she be here to stop she . from hurt ' we staff , but she be constantly fight against it until the collar and cuff begin deep into she skin . she wound up p scar from it . around she wrist and neck ; esther black from she wrist and neck , revealing althe ly be scar over sew rate and varava rate E oh , my God ... - ow could this have happen ? h dr . - varava she 's be pass herself off as a child for most of she life . ' she work as a prostitute for year , catering to wealthy pedophile . esther curl she upper lip , look at she top tooth . she reach up , pull on she tooth and -- ra-click . y come out dr . varava she even have a dental .appliance ' make to complete the illusion by disguise she adult tooth . re r- gerfect , earl white }aaby Beth e- d8rn at a for , e 's t of - crgmp , eoia , ftx . dr . vtava when she be finally arrest , she continue the pretense to stay out of jail and : be send to a orphanage . 109 . a k te .ad varava dr . ' varava you be not the first to have be fool . she 's even - be adopt before . a family here in estonia take she in . and live with she fog over six . month . they never suspect . kate-hesitatesa 'b.eat , almost afraid to ask : kate but why be ahe at you hospital ? da . varava veera be dangerously insane .. she be molest by she father and sexualize at a very early age . when. he. take another lover , he tell veera it be because she could heverbe a real woman . veera murder they both . esther just stare at herself in the mirror . with she scar reveal , she face scratch , she mascara streak down ' to she chin , and she awful , yellow , snaggletooth sneer , she look like a monster . dr . varava she now see herself as trap in the body of a. child and it disgust she . she want to . be what she father consider to be a " real woman . " she t want of be a wife , a mother , a lover . she want to grow up . - suddenly , - she grab she chair and smashes the mirror with it . then she whirl and swing the chair into she aquarium with a ' feral scream --= crash ! Water - and fish flood onto the floor . dr . varava when she be adopt here in estonia , = she try to find love where she have find as a child . with she new lather . when he refuse she , she border the entire family in , they sleep . end intercut : kate and then she burn the house down ... dr . varava yes . how do you know ? off kate 's horrify look -- 110 . 4 , . int . esther' bedroom - night . John push the door open and look inside . JOHN esther ? be you - all right ? she 's not here . the light be on , but the room be empty . Fish be still flapping around on the floor , - mouth . gasp . John give the-broken aquarium a unnerve look . JOHN esther , where be you ? no answer . he turn off the light , about to look " elsewhere ... then stop . with the overhead light off , the room be light only by the black light in either ' 's break aquar i u m , t 7 uvali mar esther 's p a n i tin ha a chap n S 's paint t = that they ook for een vri d er black h - - - John take a closer look , turn the black light on and of ff . unde gal light the painting he see when he first meet esther , - a mother lion and she sleep cub . .[ ind black limo the cube be now dead and ' the mother 's mouth .s drip with blood . the painting that look like typical family portrait in normal light be now nightmarish vision of death and violence . in one , kate 's eye have be gouge out . in another , Daniel 's throat have be slashed . in the picture of the whole family , John - and esther look normal , but kate , Daniel , and Max be all decompose corpse . John stagger back in shock . the telephone ring , startling he . the answer machine pick up . he hear kate . 'svoice , kate ( V. 0 . John ? be you there ? ext . hospital parking lot -- night kate be on she cell. , run to the - car . - kate - John [ for God 's sake , pick up the fuck phone ! int . esther' bedroom - night John turn to leave -- suddenly , th be burst out mom undo she pile " of stuff animal with ,s , 3ild sc sj3g a n he heï¿½seï¿½lf at John if rom the bed , } lab she scissors into he eve . John scream and throw herto the floor . be stumble out of the room , blood stream down he face . upstair hallway John stagger to the stair , the handle of the scissors jutting from he eye socket . but just as he hit . the first step , baer rush out and push tine cmm the etzor . foyer John -goe fly , head over heel , crash into the railing hard enough to splinter it , and land hard at the foot of the stair . be lie there in a heap , too stunne . to move . esther appear at the top of the stair . look down at he . she. have a ju} p rope in she hand and start slowly walkinq toward he , softly sing : esther when I be juuust , a lifitle g .iirl I ask 'my mother , what . will I be ... leg be break John try to stand , but cry out in agony . Big he look up , see the table with the phone on it . as he painfully crawl toward it , esther close in on he , sing and wind the jump ' rope around she fist like a garotte . - esther - que sera , sera , whatever will be , will be ... the future 's not ours to see ... John reach for the phone , actually touch it , when esther straddle he from no , - the iump rope around he neck , and start strangling with it . the phone . fall out of reach . John itoo daze from the fall to fight . est[3er when I grow uuup and feeell in looove I ask my sweetheart what lie ahead will we have rainbow , day after day here 's what my sweetheart say .-.. John choke t claw at the rope as she twist it tighter aid tighter . finally , he head droops he remain eye go blank . be 'a dead . esther gently lower have body to the floor , a tear run down she cheek . she kiss he . whisper in he ear : esther qua sera , sera . suddenly -- a gasp from upstairs . esther whirl . I 's 5 N ax .. she stand atop the .stair , - paralyze - with fear . she 's , see everything . esther , look - u at she with a reassure smile on she awful , mascara-streaked , blood-splatter monster face . esther it 's all right , baby . - come to mommy . 312 . I Max run away . esther scowl . esther shit l . she scramble to she foot .. int . JOHN '.s dun night ' esther pull John 's gun case down - from the closet shelf , frantically unlock it , and grab the } . int . text . john' car -. night kate be speed home , talk on she cell phone . 911 operator ' ( V . 0 . ) dracena nine-one-one . what be - you emergency ? kate I need the police . there 's a intruder in my home . _ int . max's bedroom - night esther enter , gun in hand , turn on the light . Max be not here . esther look under the bed , open the closet . nothing . upstair hallway Max carefully peer out from .around a corner ... suddenly -- no sound .. this be how Max experience the world . a silent vacuum . her perspective be shot mos . the hallway be empty and Max cautiously mace she way toward the stair . suddenly , esther emerge from Max 's room . Max quickly duck into Daniel 's room . esther do not see she : danxel's bedroom Max look around for , a place to hide . she see a toy robot lie on the floor amongst Daniel 's thing ... kate and john' bedroom esther be search the walk - in-closet when she hear a loud noise from Daniel 's room - something heavy fall over . she smile . upstair hallway esther edge toward Daniel 's room , gun raise . there 's a strange grinding SOUND come from inside ... 0 7I 113. daniel 's. bedroom esther enter and look around , confuse . there 's a pm of book that . have be knock to the floor , but Max be not here . then she see what 's make the grinding noise . ' it 's the toy . robot . it 's be place atop a bookshelf , motor grind , walk on wobbly leg . as it walk , it push book off the edge of the , bookshelf - onto the floor . that 's what make the noise that lure she here . esther scowl furiously at the robot and shoot it . her back be to . the doorway , so she do not see Max emerge from she hide place in the bathroom . and slip - past . int.fext . john' car -. night Racing through . the street , run stop light . rate be still on she cell . - police operator ( v.o. ) we have officer on the way , mar ' amn . rate well , where the hell be they ? Jesus Christ , I will be there before they will police operator ( v.0 . ) ma'am , - I need you to stay calm . ' do not approach the house . let the officer --- rate hang . up . int . bathroom - night esther enter , look in the linen closet , pull back the shower curtain . nothing . she 's get frustrated . sunroom streak rain cast frightening shadowa in the glass - in terrace . Max quickly sneak in and crawl under one . of the numerous plant table . hanging leave droop almost to the floor , hide . she . but as she curl up in the shadow , she bump into a table leg and unknowingly knock over a flower pot . mos : - the flower pot smashes to piece on the floor directly behind Max . ' naturally , she do not bear it . bathroom but E e do . she turn . eye narrowing , suspicious . sunroom - Max cower underneath the table with she back to the door . she oesn gee esther enter . 114 . esther look around . the room be dark and - still : she start look under the plant table , vne by one , . humming to herself . Max be face away from esther and . do not see she - approach can not hear she humming . es er 19 a ogin - , be ... suddenly , tire can be hear squealing - out on the street . esther stop and hurry to look outside . she.stand right acr oss from where Max ia hide and see she . Max press 'her knee to she chest , try to di sappe4r with ma under the table . esther do not notice . Max be - right behind she , there be piece of bro=n pottery right by esther 's foot , but she hhassher . face press to the rain -streak glass , try ext . coleman residence -- night fate 's the house . durb and skid to a stop on the wet law n she jump of of the be and sprint to the house . c int . sunroom - night esther see kate and leave . Max breathes a sigh of relief - int . foyer - night kate burst through the front door and - run insider from the rain and 's es' johnï¿½ 's crumpled on t e floor . e h kate John ! oh , my god! John !'1 she rush to he , but it 's obvious that he 's dead . she lean over he body and burst into tear , aching at what have be do to he ... then stop and steel herself for what ]sh jd to do .. john' den kate hurry to the keepsake box and rummages for the.key . can not. find they . she. quickly look around . her breath catch . the case l ies empty on t floor , u let sca tere around it . kitchen kate. run in , sobbing she see the big knife that esther be use earlier , grab it . reconsider . she throw it aside a d instead draw a huge goddamn butcher' knife from the knife block . max's bedroom kate throw the door open . Max 's bed be empty . kate no !! 115 . upstair hallway , . kate run back out , - cry , frustrated , knife ' tremble in - she hand . she call esther out , .voice thunder with rage ; . ' kate veerai veera klammhri - ' downstair esther hear she real name and freeze . realization bit . gig. 's up . it 's over . her eye flit , panicky . she quietly dart away . basement stairway esther open the- door to the basement . she pull open the breaker box and start flipping switch . upstair hallway kate cautiously move down the hall suddenly , he light go plunging - tlw of se into darkness . kate and john' bedroom Max freeze .- now - she 's blind as well as deaf . the only light come from the flash of lightning through rain-streaked window . kate and john' bathroom Max hurry inside and hide in the linen closet . upstair hallway esther sneak upstairs , hugging the wall , gun hold ready . she pause at the top of the stair , wait . lightn flash .. ' the - hallway be empty . she sidle along the wall ... linen closet mos : Max be huddle on the floor , terrify . suddenly , there 's a flash of lightning --' mid bhe a= fiba movement tï¿½mn qb the 7ouver slbt -.in .t225 t efo8ï¿½ . kate and john' bathroom th&amp ; shadowy fizmre be fate . she 's within foot of Max 's hide place and do not know it . linen closet mos : Max watch the shadowy figure , nearly hyperventilate , not realize that it 'e kate . it 's come closer , closer ... then move away . Max catch she breath . 116 . upstair hallway - kate head back toward the stair ' . esther raise the gun and -- blam ! the knob on top of the bannister explode . kate startles and whirl ' to see bather , just as she pull frantically crawl / crabwalk into esther 's room , ehr teas ianother shot blow a chunk out of the mould by esther' room kate stand by the door with she back to the wail , hold she bloody shoulder . her eye flit , search for a weapon . nothing . she 's stand right outside the door . kate breath . . esther take a wary step into the room , gun hold .her suddenly , kate lunge body check esther against the door . they struggle for the gun . it goe off . kate kno ck it out of esther 's hand and slam she to the floor , but esth er be like a wild animal , kick and shriek and claw at kate 'a face . for a moment , they be lock li ke that , ka the 's hand wring esther 's neck , esther 's thumb into kate 's wound . kate scream in agony , twist . esther wriggle out from under she and scrabble / slide into the hallway , - quickly scoops up the gun -- foyer =- bot rate mat - out of S she ' and the tw -q of i o.tvmbl n down the 's . they - hit the already splinter secon of the mailing and t give way - -- crasb 1 rate and esther fly through the smashed railing and fall a tangle heap . kate crack she head . the gun goe tosthe floor 's they be both stunne by the fall , breath knock out . kate be daze , unable to move . esther recover first , look around for the gun , can not find it . kate stir , fight to stay con cious . esther squirm away from she crawl over to John 's body , and wrench the scissor from he eye so ket . kate see she but can only watch helplessly as esther stagg p towa -rd she , bloody scissors clutch in she little fist like a dagger , 117 . then. tsoi hit es a iï¿½g the ' the head . ad and clocked she with a heavy piece of Max 'has snuck up from be 1i Way to go , slugger ! the break railing stung like a . basebal l bat . esther stumble to she 7mee6 , but manage to shake it off . she slowly rise and turn on Max with a feral snarl . Max try to - hit . she again , but esther be ready this time and swat the blow aside . she rip the piece of railing from Max 's band and .toss it across the .room . then. she knock Max to the floor with a fierce backhand from she fiberglass cast .. xate ' eee this and desperately search for the gun . she spot it under 'nder a nearby table and start drag he rself toward it ... the esther hear gun S he - es y%ate for the guw , tnd at she , scissors raise above head g scream with hate . kate reach whi the no esther 's , almost - on she . kate grab the gun , ls a no ï¿ ½ esther stagger back with a b Z hole a ehr the t . Max watch , wide - - eye , as esther limply drop the scissors and give the smolder bullet hole in she chest a surprised look . blood.trickle from she mouth . she look up at kate , frighten tear welling in she big , sad eye . esther please " do not hurt I , mommy . rat fuck chance , bitch . kate shoot she again . this one go right between that pretty eye . esther fall to the floor , dead gaze stare at the ceiling , a pool of blood .expand around she pretty shirley tem ple curl . kate drop the gun and crawl over to Max , scoop she into she arm and hide she face from the horrible sight all around they - for a long moment , mother anddaghte be of justï¿½holdaeacheother close . kate stroke Max 's hair , cry no u what kate can not see " be the 'slack , traumatize expression on Max 's bloody face . . vacant and emotionless . that spark you should see in the . eye of a " child , go forever . camera pull back and we fade - out . the end