othello screenplay by Oliver parker produce by David barron luc roeg directed by Oliver parker cast list : laurence fishburne othello irène Jacob desdemona Kenneth branagh iago Nathaniel parker cassio Michael maloney roderigo Anna Patrick emilia Nicholas farrell montano indra ove bianca underwater canal - night glimmer shape move through the water . as it come closer we recognize it as a tragic mask - which be pull up and out of the water . ext . canal - night misty night . the moon be reflect in the canal . a gondola appear through the mist . as it pass we we see a slouching figure , wear the tragic mask . the gondola cross another which moor up . a veile figure disembark . a nightdress flash white beneath a cloak , as the figure run off . ext . ST . mark squarenight two robed men ( senator ) walk briskly towards the doge 's palace . two captain approach from the other side . int . council chamber - night closeup : 16th century map of the Mediterranean by the flicker light of a fire . Venice be central . Rhodes and cyprus be surround by symbol denote army and ship . we pull back to see that the map be spread across a large table . two attendant stand over it , hold torch . they light give glimpsis of the several officer and attendant in the background and of the rich tapestry and painting of battle that adorn the wall . several elderly senator , lavishly dress and drip jewelry , sit , clutching letter . the 1st and 2nd Senators take they place among they . messengers run back and forth . the doge ( duke ) of venice sit by the fireside play chess with a elegant young man ( lodovico ) . we catch snippet of urgent conversation between the Senators . first senator there be no composition in this news that give they credit . second senator indeed they be disproportion my letter say a hundred and seven galley . first senator and mine a hundred and forty . a turkish emissary arrive with a scroll . a soldier deliver the scroll to the doge . he study the follow : sultan of the Turks to the signory of Venice : ' we demand of you cyprus , which you shall give willingly or perforce . beware , therefore , lest you arouse we wrath for we shall wage most cruel war against you everywhere . ' ( 1570 ) he pass the scroll to he Senators . there be a flurry of activity . duke tis certain then , for cyprus . ext . STREET - night the veile figure round a corner into a seedy back street and run through a arcade pass a trio of late night mask reveler . int . chapel - night Three man stand silently , tensely : a priest , a handsome soldier ( cassio ) and a black general ( othello ) . the door burst open . the man rise . the veile figure stand panting in the doorway and pull back the veil to reveal a beautiful young woman , desdemona . int . chapel - night othello and desdemona stand before the Priest . othello fumble awkwardly with the ring , then slip it onto she finger . they lean in to kiss . we pull back to reveal : ext . / int . chapel - night a richly dressed gentleman ( RODERIGO ) and a soldier ( iago ) watch through the window as othello and desdemona kiss . roderigo 's face twist in agony . RODERIGO I take it much unkindly that thou , iago , shouldst know of this . othello bring out a sash and place it across cassio 's shoulder , who bow ... iago by the faith of man , 1 know my price , I be worth no worse a place ; but he , that never set a squadron in the field , nor the division of a battle know , more than a spinster , must he Lieutenant be , and I , of whom he eye have see the proof - God bless the mark - he moorship 's ancient . cassio can not contain he smile . they clasp hand . othello take out a small dagger studd with ruby and give it to he . the two man embrace . cassio pay the Priest and they both leave . othello and desdemona be now alone . they move towards each other , tentatively . roderigo turn away in disgust . he pull iago beneath the window and whisper : RODERIGO by heaven , I rather would have be he hangman . iago why , there 's no remedy . ' tis the curse of service : RODERIGO I would not follow he then . iago o , Sir , content you : I follow he to serve my turn upon he . we cannot all be master , nor all master can not be truly follow . you shall mark Heaven be my judge , not I for love and duty , but seem so for my peculiar end : I be not what I be . RODERIGO what a full fortune do the thick lip owe if he can carry't thust . iago call up she father . roderigo consider , then set off . iago turn and look directly into the camera . though he expression be blank , he eye shine with tear . int . council chamber - night cassio lot himself quietly into the chamber . the Senators pore over the map . duke but who should lead we business against the turkish fleet ? they exchange thoughtful glance . first senator ( tentatively ) othello ? second senator marcos luccico , be not he in town ? first senator he 's now in Florence . othello ? the other Senators look disapprovingly at the Duke . first senator another of he fathom we have none . the Duke turn to lodovico . lodovico the fortitude of the place be best know to he . duke fetch othello hither . cassio leave the room , follow by two attendant ext . STREET to brabantio' house - night iago and roderigo approach brabantio' house . int . brabantio' bedroom - night a old man ( brabantio ) lie asleep in he bed . he mumble and writhes . RODERIGO what , ho , brabantio ! signor brabantio , ho ! iago awake ! what , ho , brabantio ! thiefe , thief ! look to you house , you daughter ! brabantio sit bolt upright , as if waking from a nightmare , eye stare . iago ... and you bag ! thiefe , thief ! ext . brabantio' bedroom - night roderigo and iago shouting " awake " , " brabantio " , " magnifico " . brabantio appear on he balcony in he night - dress . iago duck into the shadow . brabantio ( peer into the darkness ) what be the reason of this terrible summon ? what be the matter here ? iago urge roderigo to speak . RODERIGO ( nervously ) signor , be all you family within ? brabantio I know thee , roderigo , and have charge thee not to haunt about my door ; in honest plainness thou hast hear I say my daughter be not for thee . iago be you door lock ? brabantio why , wherefore ask you this ? iago Zound , sir , you be rob ; for shame , put on you gown ; you heart be burst , you have lose half you soul . brabantio what , have you lose you wit ? iago even now , now , very now , a old black ram be tupping you white ewe . arise I say ! brabantio what profane wretch art thou ? iago I be one , sire that come to tell you , you daughter and the moor be now make the beast with two back . brabantio thou art a villain . iago you be a senator . brabantio this thou shalt answer , roderigo ... RODERIGO Sir , I will answer anything ; but I beseech you , straight satisfy yourself ; if she be in you chamber or you house , let loose on I the justice of the state for thus delude you . brabantio Strike on the tinder , ho ! give I a taper ; call up all my people ! brabantio mutter to himself , struggle for breath : brabantio this accident be not unlike my dream : belief of it oppress I already . ( yell ) Light , I say , light ! brabantio go back into he room . sound of commotion . iago congratulate roderigo with a firm shake of the hand . roderigo give he a purse . iago farewell , for I must leave you . roderigo try to grab he , but iago elude he and go . brabantio come out of he front door into the street . a band of men carry torch gather at he side . brabantio it be too true a evil . go she be . do you know where we may apprehend she and the moor ? RODERIGO I think I can discover he . brabantio o , that you have have she . ( shouting to he servant ) get weapon , Ho ! ext . chapel - night cassio , he two attendant and iago stand motionless in the swirl mist . cassio be a little uncomfortable and discover that iago be stare at he . they eye lock together . iago break the tension with a wink . cassio grin , iago smile warmly . othello step out of the chapel to join they . he scoops up a stray cat into he arm . iago I pray you , sir , be you fast marry ? cassio Sir , you have be hotly call for . othello have with you . they march off . ext . marketplace - night othello and he Men appear from one side . brabantio 's from the other . brabantio draw he sword . the sound of sword whipped from they scabbard . iago and cassio stop in front of othello . roderigo be terrify to find himself in the middle of the imminent fight . iago you , roderigo ? come , air , I be for you . he draw the confuse roderigo to one side . othello hold you hand , both you of my incline and the rest , be it my cue to fight , I should have know it without a prompter . brabantio o thou foul thief where hast thou stow my daughter ? damned as thou art , thou hast enchant she , t'run from she guardage to the sooty bosom of such a thing as thou ? Lay hold upon he . brabantio 's Men make for othello . othello 's Men prepare to defend he . othello keep up you bright sword for the dew will rust them good signor , where will you that I go to answer this you charge ? brabantio to prison , till fit time of law and course of direct session call thee to answer . othello what if I do obey ? how many the Duke be therewith satisfied , whose messenger be here about my side , to bring I to he ? cassio ' tis true , most worthy signor : the Duke 's in council , and you noble self I be sure be send for . brabantio how ? the Duke in council ? in this time of night ? bring he away . brabantio set off . othello rebuff the arm that try to take hold of he , but follow brabantio . int . council chamber - night the door open and othello enter , brabantio , iago , roderigo , cassio and officer follow . duke valiant othello , we must straight employ you against the general turkish foe . brabantio push he way forward . duke I do not see you : welcome , gentle signor ; we lack you counsel and you help tonight . brabantio so do I yours . good you grace , pardon I : neither my place , nor aught I hear of business , hath raise I from my bed ... duke why ? what 's the matter ? brabantio my daughter ! o , my daughter ! duke Dead ? brabantio ay , to I . she be abuse , steal from I , and corrupt . for nature so preposterously to err , san witchcraft could not . duke whoe 'er he be that in this foul proceeding hath thus beguile you daughter of herself and you of she , the bloody book of law you shall yourself read in the bitter letter after you own sense , yea , though we proper son stood in you action . brabantio humbly I thank you grace . here be the man . he indicate othello . a embarrassed silence . first senator we be very sorry for't . duke ( to othello ) what in you own part can you say to this ? brabantio nothing but this be so . othello most potent grave and reverend signor , my very noble and approve good master , that I have to 'en away this old man 's daughter , it be most true ; gasp of shock and outrage , set off a series of whisper . othell o true I have marry she ; the whisper grow louder . othello the very head and front of my offend hath this extent , no more . roderigo gasp indignantly . the Duke silence the noise . othello rude be I in my speech and little bless with the soft phrase of peace since this arm of mine have seven year ' pith till now some nine moon waste , they have use they dearest action in the tent field and little of this great world can I speak more than pertain to feat of broil and battle ; and therefore little shall I grace my cause in speak of myself . yet , by you gracious patience , I will round unvarnish tale deliver of my whole course of love : what drug , what charm , what conjuration and what mighty magic - for such proceedings be I charge withal - I win he daughter . brabantio a maiden never bold ; of spirit so still and quiet that she motion blushed at herself - and she in spite of nature to fall in love with what she fear to look on ! othello I do beseech you , send for the lady and let she speak of I before she father . if you do find I foul in she report , the trust , the office I do hold of you not only take away , but let you sentence even fall upon my life . all eye turn to the Duke . the Duke turn to brabantio , who smile and nod morbidly . duke fetch desdemona hither . othello gesture to iago who leave with two attendant . duke speak , othello . othello her father love I , oft invite I , still question I the story of my life from year to year - the battle , siege , fortune , that I have pass : ext . garden of brabantio' house - day - flashback brabantio and othello walk together in a bright , sunlit garden . gratiano and cassio listen to a musician play .. brabantio listen intently as othello tell he story . othello ( v.o. ) wherein I speak of most disastrous chance , of move accident and hair- breadth scape , of be take by the insolent foe , and sell to slavery . desdemona sit behind they . her hair spread out for blond in the sun . in closeup we see she be peek through she hair . she avert she eye when othello turn she way . othello ( v.o. ) and of the cannibal that each other eat , the anthropophagi , and man whose head do grow beneath they shoulder . this to hear would desdemona seriously incline ... and with a greedy ear devour up my discourse ; which I observe ... ext . garden of brabantio' house - evening - flashback another day twilight in the garden . we find othello and desdemona in a secluded corner . othello ( v.o. ) take once a pliant hour , and find good mean to draw from she a prayer of earnest heart that I would all my pilgrimage dilate . I do consent ... int . council chamber - night brabantio , seethe with anger , turn to the Duke . the Duke remain inscrutable . ext . garden of brabantio' house . evening - flashback continued othello ( v.o. ) ... and run it through even from my boyish day to the very moment that he bid I tell it . closeup on desdemona 's face , on which the follow montage appear . montage int . hut - day flame . a white arm drop a flame torch ... frantic figure move in the background . in the foreground stand a black child . the child seem abandon , but be then whisk away by he father . ext . ravine - day the boy othello run fast and scared across a ravine . there be shouting and yell behind he . he crouch among a pile of rock . he nearly lose he foot , and , look down , he see a cluster of human bone at he foot . he squint up into the sun . the sunlight be all but block out as a vast , strangely misshapen figure carry a spear step into view and cast a shadow over he face . he pick up a bone and prepare to strike ... ext . training ground - day the Boy othello ... strike , with a staff at he Father who be training he in the art of war . ext . crater and post - day the Young othello ... strike again , with a sword , at two enemy soldier . a net be throw across he . ext . battlefield - day the Young othello - shackle to other prisoner of war be lead through a smoking battlefield . explosion . Dead body . one be shift aside - othello , bloody , lie beneath . ext . battlefield - day othello , bare - chest , catch a gun that 's throw at he . ext . battlefield - day othello in military uniform , fight side by side with iago . othello save iago from a fatal blow . iago escape through smoke . othello fight on . iago return on horseback , pick up othello and they ride off through flame . ext . garden of brabantio' house - evening - flashback continued the image fade from desdemona 's face to reveal tear on she cheek . othello dab she cheek with a strawberry spot handkerchief . othello ( v.o . ) my story be do , she give I for my pain a world of sigh : she swore , in faith : t'was strange , t'was pass strange , ' twas pitiful , t'was wondrous pitiful ; she wish would she have not hear it , yet she wish that heaven have make she such a man . othello put on he coat and prepare to leave . he give she the handkerchief . othello ( v.o. ) she thank I , and bid I : if I have a friend that love she , I should but teach he how to tell my story , and that would woo she . they look into each other 's eye . she put she hand slowly to he head , then he face . othello ( v.o. ) she love I for the danger I have pass , and I love she that she do pity they . int . council chamber - night othello this only be the witchcraft I have use . all eye turn to the Duke . int . hallway outside council chamber - night desdemona stop outside the door . iago stand behind she . her face be tense , she breathe fast . she straighten she dishevel clothing . her hair be in disarray . her shaking hand fumble to put it up . iago step in and assist . he smile calmly at she . she smile back gratefully . she take a deep breath . iago reach for the door handle . int . council chamber - night the door open onto desdemona . all eye turn to she . brabantio come hither , gentle mistress ; do you perceive in all this company where most you owe obedience ? desdemona my noble father , to you I be bound for life and education ; my life and education both do learn I how to respect you . you be lord of all my duty , I be hitherto you daughter . but here 's my husband ; and so much duty as my mother show to you , prefer you before she father , so much I challenge , that I may profess due to the moor , my lord . brabantio 's face crease in pain . roderigo , likewise . brabantio God bu 'y ! I have do . I have rather to adopt a child than get it . come hither , moor : I here do give thee that with all my heart which , but thou hast already , with all my heart I would keep from thee . brabantio take he daughter 's hand and place it in othello 's . othello grasp it vehemently , desdemona wince . as brabantio turn away , he face contort again and he clutches at he chest . his foot give way and othello and roderigo rush to he aid . he push they away . brabantio I humbly beseech you proceed to th'affair of state . the Duke wait until brabantio be safely seat . duke the Turk with a most mighty preparation make for cyprus . othello , you must away tonight . the affair cry haste and speed must answer it . othello with all my heart . most humbly therefore bend to you state , I crave fit disposition for my wife , due reference of place and exhibition , with such accommodation and resort as level with she breeding . there be a murmur of disapproval amongst the Senators . duke why if you please , be 't at she father 's . brabantio I will not have it so . othello nor I . desdemona nor I : I would not there reside to put my father in impatient thought by be in he eye . most gracious Duke duke what would you , desdemona ? desdemona that I do love the moor to live with he my downright violence and scorn of fortune May trumpet to the world : my heart 's subdued even to the utmost pleasure of my lord ; I see othello 's visage in he mind , and to he honour , and he valiant part do I my soul and fortune consecrate : so that , dear lord , if I be leave behind , a moth of peace , and he go to the war , the rite for which I love he be bereft I , and I a heavy interim shall support , by he dear absence . - lot I go with he . othello let she have you voice . and heaven defend you good soul that you think I will you serious and great business scant for she be with I . the Duke glance at the ail brabantio . duke be it as you shall privately determine , either for she stay , or go . at nine i' th 'morn , here we will meet again good night to everyone . and , noble signor , he beckon brabantio and draw he to one side . duke if virtue no delighted beauty lack , you son - in - law be far more fair than black . desdemona see that othello have overhear this and be not amused . the Duke leave . first senator adieu , brave moor. ( he leave ) second senator use desdemona well . othello be immediately rile , but desdemona calm he . brabantio look to she , moor , if thou hast eye to see . she have deceive she father and may thee . othello my life upon she faith ! brabantio leave . othello honest iago , my desdemona must I leave to thee . I prithee let thy wife attend on she , and bring they after in the best advantage . come desdemona , we must obey the time . othello and desdemona leave and iago be about to follow . RODERIGO iago . iago turn back to the apparently empty room . roderigo step out of the shadow . iago what say'st thou , noble heart ? RODERIGO what will I do , think'st thou ? iago why , go to bed and sleep . RODERIGO I will incontinently draw myself . o , desdemona . iago if thou dost I shall never love thee after . why thou silly gentleman ! RODERIGO it be silliness to live when to live be a torment . iago o villainous ! iago sit in the Duke 's chair and pour himself a drink . iago I have look upon the world . for four time seven year , and I never yet find a man that know how to love himself . ere I would say I would drow myself for the love of a guineau-hen , I would change my humanity with a baboon . RODERIGO what should I do ? I confess it be my shame to be so fond , but it be not in my virtue to amend it . iago virtue ? a fig ! ' tis in ourselves that we be thus or thus . we have reason to cool we raging motion , we carnal sting , we unbitted lust : whereof I take this which you call love to be a sect or scion . RODERIGO it cannot be . iago it be merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will . come , be a man . drown thyself ? drown cat and blind puppy . he get a smile out of roderigo . iago I have profess I thy friend and I confess I knit to thy deserve with cable of perdurable toughness . I could never better stead thee than now . put money in thy purse . follow thou this war ; disguise thy feature with a usurped beard . roderigo look skeptical . iago I say , put money in thy purse . it can not be that desdemona should long continue she love to the moor - put but money in thy purse when she be sate with he body she will find the error of she choice . she must have change , she must - fill thy purse with money . if sanctimony and a frail vow , betwixt a erring barbarian and a super - subtle venetian , be not too hard for my wit and all the tribe of hell , thou shall enjoy she . therefore put .... he encourage roderigo to join in ... iago & RODERIGO ... money in thy purse . they laugh . iago a pox on drown , tis clean out of the way . seek thou rather to be hang in compass thy joy than to be drown and go without she . RODERIGO wilt thou be fast to my hope ? roderigo dangle a purse . iago push it away . iago thou art sure of I . there be many event in the womb of time which will be deliver . go , provide thy money . we will have more of this tomorrow . adieu . roderigo set off contentedly . a think occur and he return . RODERIGO where shall we meet i' th ' morning ? iago at my lodging . RODERIGO ( content again ) I will be with thee betime . iago go to ; farewell . ( call he back ) do you hear , roderigo ? RODERIGO ( return again ) what say thou ? iago no more of drown , do you hear ? RODERIGO ( laugh ) I be change . iago flash he palm . roderigo automatically drop he purse into it . iago go to : farewell . ( call out again ) put money enough in you purse . RODERIGO ( return again ) I will sell all my land . they both laugh as roderigo leave . iago turn to address the camera : iago thus do I ever make my fool my purse : for I mine own gain knowledge should profane if I would time expend with such a snipe but for my sport and profit - I hate the moor , and it be think abroad that ' twixt my sheet he 's do my office . I know not if 't be true but I , for more suspicion in that kind , will do as if for surety . he hold I well : the better shall my purpose work on he . he study the Duke 's chessboard . iago cassio 's a proper man : let I see now ; to get he place and to plume up my will in double knavery . how ? he look into the camera as if it have make a suggestion : iago how ? he turn back to the chessboard . iago let 's see . iago 's face be impassive , though he feature seem to dance by the flicker light from the fire . there be a distant rumble of a storm brewing . int . brabantio' house - night brabantio lie in bed , he face contort in pain . he brother ( gratiano ) sit by he side . desdemona stand nearby , tense . brabantio turn he stare on she and try to speak . she bring she ear to he mouth . brabantio o , treason of the blood . tearful and angry , desdemona unhook he finger from she hand and leave . brabantio o who would be a father . his feature relax . he be dead . int . council chamber - night closeup on empty chessboard . iago 's hand put the black king onto it . then the white queen . between they , a white knight . iago I have 't . it be engender . his stare into the fire . the fire be reflect in he eye . transfix , he reach in as if to clutch a flame . he then rapidly withdraw he hand , laugh painfully . iago Hell and night . must bring this monstrous birth to th' world 's light . he pocket the three piece . he toast the camera , empty he glass and spit it into the fire . the flame flare and crackle , mingling with the sound of the now raging storm . he pick up one end of the map and , with a flick of the wrist , send a ripple across it . the miniature ship and army tumble . ext . sea / rock - day a robe flow back and forth with the tide . we see a dead turkish soldier beneath it , entangle in rope . ext . battlement - day - ( cyprus ) a cypriot soldier scour the horizon across the sea . the soldier turn and signal to the other soldier on the rampart . soldier ( shout ) a sail , a sail , a sail ! ext . castle wall - day the Soldiers fire the cannon . ext . shore - day in the distance we see the ship out at sea . in the foreground , a row boat be pull to shore . cassio step off it . he be greet by a officer ( montano ) . montano cassio thanks you the valiant of this worthy isle that so approve the moor , and let the heaven , give he defense against they element , for I have lose he on a dangerous sea . they see another boat arrive further down the shore - it contain desdemona and a companion ( emilia - iago 's wife ) cassio o behold , the rich of the ship be come ashore . they set off towards the boat . cassio stride into the water . he lift desdemona out and onto the shore . cassio hail to thee lady ! and the grace of heaven , before , behind thee , and on every hand , enwheel thee round . he kiss she hand . desdemona I thank you valiant cassio . what tiding can you tell I of my lord ? cassio he be not yet arrive ; nor know I aught but that he 's well , and will be shortly here . desdemona o , but I fear ! she look out across the sea . cassio lead she inland . in the background iago and roderigo ( now disguise in a beard ) haul up the boat . ext . coastal road - day the new arrival be travel . a horse -drawn litter carry desdemona . cassio and montano escort the litter on horse . behind they cargo be transport a cart . emilia be on a mule . iago and roderigo march alongside with soldier . ext . approach to castle - day the party climb the hill to the castle . cassio lean across to desdemona in the litter . iago ( to camera ) he take she by the palm ; ay , smile upon she do . the castle appear ahead of they . soldier peer down from the battlement . child run alongside the new arrival . ext . courtyard - day desdemona step out of the litter : cassio you man of cyprus let she have you knee . officer and soldier bow . iago arrive follow by emilia . cassio ( to iago ) good ancient , you be welcome . cassio ( to emilia ) welcome , mistress . let it not gall you patience , good iago , that I extend my manners . ' tis my breeding that give I this bold show of courtesy . cassio kiss emilia . iago Sir , would she give you so much of she lip as of she tongue she oft bestow on I , you would have enough . he get a laugh from the assemble Soldiers . desdemona alas , she have no speech . iago in faith , too much . I find it still when I have list to sleep . more laughter . emilia you shall not write my praise . iago no , let I not . desdemona look troubled . cassio comfort she . iago take out a knife and cut a piece of fruit . he glimpsis they in the reflection of he knife . iago very good . ay , well say , whisper . with as little a web as this will I ensnare as great a fly as cassio . roderigo tap he on the shoulder and be about to speak - the cannon fire . ext . courtyard - day - later othello ride into the courtyard . desdemona step forward . othello o , my fair warrior ! desdemona oh , my dear othello . othello it give I wonder great as my content to see you here before I . o my soul 's joy ! I can not speak enough of this content ; it stop I here ; it be too much of joy . they kiss repeatedly . othello and this , and this the great discord be that e'er we heart shall make . iago o , you be well tune now ! but I will set down the peg that make this music , as honest as I be . othello News , friend ; we war be do ; the Turks be drown . this desperate storm hath see a grievous wrack and sufferance on most part of they fleet . cheer of jubilation . othello spot montano and shake he hand . othello how do my old acquaintance of this Isle ? honey , you shall be well desire in cyprus : I have find great love amongst they . o my sweet , I prattle out of fashion and I dote in mine own comfort . she laugh and kiss he . cassio and besides the mere perdition of the turkish fleet it be the celebration of we general 's nuptial . the lover embrace again . ext . castle fortification - evening a soldier light a candle . CUT to : wide on castle lit up with candle . montage - the castle - evening the castle be be prepare for the celebration : banner be unfurl . statuary be polished etc . woman apply make-up . int . bedroom - night two maids adorn the bed with rise petal , orange and apple . one maid dip she finger in perfume water , smell it and splashes it on she neck . int . MAIN hall - night dining table be be prepare . a servant knock a monkey off the table . int . bedroom - night emilia arrange pearl in desdemona 's hair - cross CUT with : iago rubbing gum resin into black breech . gold dust sprinkle over desdemona 's hair gold dust sprinkle over othello be breech cassio arrive and extend a arm towards she . int . MAIN hall - night othello and guest sit in silence . they include iago , emilia , montano , venetian captain , cypriot official , and they wife . desdemona appear , escort by cassio . a musical sextet play while desdemona perform a bridal dance . othello leap onto the table and perform a moorish dance unaccompany in return . then they dance together . ext . castle courtyard - night roderigo , deject , sit on the grass , drink from a bottle and look up at the castle dining room . soldier and cypriot civilian sit by bonfire , eat , drink and dance . a turkish effigy burn . cypriot women walk amongst the Soldiers . int . MAIN hall - night the dance continue . othello beckon cassio to dance with desdemona . othello Heaven bless the isle of cyprus . montano and we worthy general , othello . cassio he hath achieve a may , that paragon description and wild fame , one that excel the quirk of blazon pen , and in the essential vesture of creation do bear all excellency . dove dyed in many colour be release into the room . the other man join in the dance around desdemona . othello watch admiringly . the woman then join the man dance . iago dance with emilia . cassio pull iago aside and whisper in he ear . othello dance with emilia . ext . castle grass courtyard - night a drunken soldier pull a strike woman ( bianca ) out of a embrace with a cypriot and try to kiss she . the cypriot push he down . a number of soldier leap to they foot and several cypriot move in to support they compatriot . iago , now in military uniform , step in with bottle of wine and distribute they . he raise he own and lead a toast . iago Heaven bless this isle and the perdition of the turkish fleet . all Heaven bless this isle . iago kiss bianca himself and get a appreciative laugh . bianca look up and see cassio at the window . int . MAIN hall in castle - night cassio smile nervously at bianca and back away from the window . othello good Michael , look you to the guard tonight . let 's teach ourselves that honourable stop , not to outsport discretion . cassio iago hath direction what to do ; but notwithstand with my personal eye will I look to 't . othello iago be most honest . Michael , good night . they salute one another and cassio reach for desdemona 's hand . she smile at he formality , but cooperate graciously . he kiss she hand . othello come my dear love . ext . grass courtyard - night roderigo be wedge against the wheel of a cart . a pair of lover lie entwine on the cart . a stone under one of its wheel prevent it roll down a gentle incline . he finish he bottle and be pull off balance . he turn to see iago crouch beneath the cart and beckone he . roderigo crawl drunkenly under the cart to join he . iago if thou be 'st valiant - as they say base man be in love have then a nobility in they nature more then be native to they - roderigo sense this may be a insult , but be too inebriated to understand it and decide not to take offense . iago press down the edge of roderigo 's false beard which have lift a little . iago - list I . the Lieutenant tonight watch on the court of guard . first , I must tell thee this : desdemona be directly in love with he . RODERIGO with cassio ? why , 'tis not possible . forgetting he location , roderigo leap up and bang he head . the Lovers above they shift position , visible through the slat of wood in the cart . iago Lay thy finger thus and let thy soul be instruct . Mark I , she eye must be feed , and what delight shall she have to look on the devil ? her delicate tenderness have find itself abuse , begin to heave the gorge , disrelish and abhor the moor . her very nature instruct she to it and compel she to some second choice . RODERIGO ( nursing he head ) I can not believe that in she : she 's full of most bless condition . iago bless fig 's end ! the wine she drink be make of grape . if she have be bless , she would never have love the moor. bless pudding ! didst thou not see she paddle with the palm of he hand ? didst thou not mark that ? RODERIGO yes , that I do : but that be but courtesy . iago lechery , by this hand : much to roderigo 's distaste the Lovers above be grow noisier . iago a index and obscure prologue to the history of lust and foul thought . they meet so near with they lip that they breath embrace together . villainous thought , roderigo ! when this mutuality so marshal the way , hard at hand come the master and main exercise , th'incorporate conclusion . roderigo recoil in revulsion . iago protect roderigo from bang he head again . iago but , sir , be you rule by I . I have bring you from Venice . watch you with the guard tonight : for the command , I will lay't upon you . I will not be far from you . do you find some occasion to anger cassio . RODERIGO well ? iago risk a cocky glimpse at the camera . int . night othello shut the door behind he and look around . he see a trail of desdemona 's clothes and follow it . it lead to the drape of they four-poster bed . one of the drape twitches . he hear giggle and see the wriggle contour of a semi-naked body . desdemona peep out . othello the purchase make , the fruit be to ensue : that profit 's yet to come ' tween I and you . ext . grass courtyard - night roderigo roll out from under the cart and dust himself off . iago , still beneath the cart , take out he chess piece the black king , the white queen , and the knight - and stand they in the dirt in front of he . iago ( to camera ) that cassio love she , I do well believe 't : that she love he , 'tis apt and of great credit . the moor - howbeit that I endure he not - be of a constant , loving , noble nature , and I dare think , he will prove to desdemona a most dear husband . now , I do love she too ; not out of absolute lust - though peradventure I stand accountant for as great sin - but partly lead to diet my revenge , for that I do suspect the lusty moor hath leap into my seat , the think whereof he be instantly seethe with anger and jealously . iago doth , like a poisonous mineral , gnaw my inwards , and nothing can , or shall , content my soul til I be even with he , wife for wife ; or he drop the passion like a unwanted toy . iago ... fail so , yet that I put the moor at least into a jealousy so strong that judgment can not cure . which thing to do , I will have we Michael cassio on the hip , abuse he to the moor in the rank a short reprise of the passion : iago for I fear cassio with my night - cap too make the moor thank I , love I , and reward I for make he egregiously a ass , and practice upon he peace and quiet , even to madness . he gather the chess piece . he look at the knight 's point lance , then up at a invite buttock about he . he throw a mischievous look at the camera . turn back , though , he merely place a playful peck on the ' cheek ' . pockete the king and queen , he leave the knight under the cartwheel . as he roll out , he knock the stone away from under the wheel . iago ' tis here , but yet confuse : knavery 's plain face be never see ' till use . with the Lovers oblivious , the cart roll out of sight , leave the knight crush in the dust . int . bedroom - night desdemona and othello approach each other slowly . she start to undo the button of he shirt . she pull he over to the fireside . int . the armoury - night the armoury at the end of the soldier 's quarter . cassio , now in military uniform , strap he sword to he side . three armed soldier stop out of the door into the night . he be about to follow , but be confront by the figure of iago in the doorway , sway , bottle in hand . cassio welcome , iago ; we must to the watch . iago not this hour , Lieutenant ; ' tis not yet ten o'th 'clock . we general cast we thus early for the love of he desdemona ; who let we not therefore blame . iago he hath not yet make wanton the night with she ; and she be sport for jove . cassio she be a most exquisite lady . iago and , I will warrant she , full of game . cassio she be indeed perfection . iago well , happiness to they sheet ! come , Lieutenant , I have a stoop of wine ; and here without be a brace of cyprus gallant that would fain have a measure to the health of black othello . cassio not tonight , good iago . I have very poor and unhappy brain for drink . I could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment . iago o , they be we friend ! but one cup ; I will drink for you . cassio I have drunk but one cup tonight already and dare not task my weakness with any more . iago what , man ! a night of revel ; the gallant desire it . cassio consider . iago smile , infectiously . cassio where be they ? iago ( to camera ) if I can fasten but one cup upon he .... int . bedroom - night a fire blaze . Apple peel lie on the floor . next to it othello and desdemona kiss passionately , they face glisten with sweat . desdemona pull back and roll the peel apple across othello 's forehead , mop up the bead of sweat . she roll it down and across he upper lip . she hold it under she nose and breathes in deeply . he take it from she mouth and kiss she . he roll the apple around the small of she back . he slip it into she armpit . she gasp . he close she arm over it , smile and kiss she again . ext . courtyard - night a band of venetian and cypriot soldier sit drink by a fire . iago , cassio and roderigo be among they . behind they firework light up the sky . iago ( sing ) and let I the canakin clink , clink ; and let I the canakin clink ; a soldier 's a man o , man 's life 's but a span ; why , then , let a soldier drink . ( pause ) some wine , boy . he pour more wine . they repeat the verse with the venetian encourage the uncomprehend cypriot to join in . a cypriot offer iago a sip from he flask . iago wince at the strength . the cypriot laugh . cassio ' fore God , a excellent song . iago I learn it in England , where indeed they be most potent in pot . you dane , you german , and you swag - belly hollander - drink , ho ! - be nothing to you English . cassio be you englishman so expert in he drink ? iago why , he drink you with facility you dane dead drunk ; he sweat not to overthrow you alemaine ; he give you hollander a vomit , ere the next pottle can be fill . cassio ( propose a toast ) to the health of we General ! montano arrive from the main hall . cassio I be for it , Lieutenant ; and I will do you justice . the other cheer as montano raise he tankard to meet cassio 's . iago drink ho ! they race each other to empty they tankard , accompany by encourage cheer . a dead heat . iago o , sweet England . they congratulate each other . bianca walk past . bianca save you friend cassio . cassio how be 't with you most fair ... bianca bianca . she pull a ribbon from she hair and drop it in he lap . the other man laugh . iago pour refill and encourage the cypriot with the flask to pour some into cassio 's tankard as a prank . int . bedroom - night othello and desdemona at the height of passion . desdemona 's arm stretch out over the side of the bed , she finger splay . othello 's hand reach for hers . they finger meet and clench together . groan of pleasure . int . bedroom - night othello and desdemona lie in each other 's arm . othello if it be now to die , ' twere now to be most happy ; for I fear my soul hath she content so absolute that not another comfort like to this succeed in unknown fate . desdemona the heaven forbid but that we love and comfort should increase even as we day do grow . othello amen to that , sweet power . ext . courtyard - night iago ( sing ) ' tin pride that pull the country down ; then take thine auld cloak about thee . it finish on a haunt , melancholy note and iago leave a moment 's silence . cassio finish he drink . iago start to pour more . cassio let 's have no more of this ; let 's to we affair . God forgive we we sin . gentlemen , let 's look to we business . he clamber to he foot , but have a little difficulty keep he balance . the other snigger . cassio do not think , gentleman , I be drunk : this be my ancient , this be my right hand , and this be my leave hand . I be not drunk now : I can stand well enough and I speak well enough . all excellent well . cassio why , very well ; you must not think then that I be drunk . cassio concentrate on walk in a straight line . he succeed . once he 's go into the darkness , we hear he fall and the other collapse into hysterics . iago nod at roderigo , who get up and go after cassio . montano get to he foot . cassio to the platform , master ; come let 's set the watch . iago move in to have a quiet word with montano . iago you see this fellow that be go before . he be a soldier fit to stand by caesar and give direction ; and do but see he vice . iago indicate the empty bottle at they foot . cassio but be he often thus ? iago ' tis evermore the prologue to he sleep . roderigo return at a run , hotly pursue by cassio . cassio Zound , you rogue , you rascal ! ( pause ) what 's the matter , Lieutenant ? ( pause ) a knave teach I my duty ? I will beat the knave into a twiggen -bottle . RODERIGO beat I ? cassio dost thou prate , rogue ? he strike roderigo with the back of he hand , knock he to the ground . he hit he again . roderigo kick out at he and cassio draw he sword . cassio nay , good Lieutenant , I pray you , sir , hold you hand . let I go , sir , or I will knock you o'er the mazzard . montano come , come , you be drunk . cassio drunk ! he turn he sword on montano , who draw he own . iago nay , good Lieutenant . God 's will , gentleman ! cassio strike at montano . as the fight begin , iago pick roderigo up and whisper : iago away , I say ; go and cry out a mutiny . roderigo run out . we hear cry of " mutiny ! " roderigo ring the courtyard Bell . the alarm be take up by the nearby bigger bell . although there be now three man against he , cassio 's wildness be hard to combat . the cypriot look on , confuse and alarmed . cassio 's sword be knock out of he hand . he grab burn log and hurl they . iago help , ho ! Lieutenant ! sir! Montana ! Sir ! int . armory - night soldier reach for they weapon . a bell start ringing . shout and run foot . ext . fortification - night soldier leave they post . int . bedroom - night othello move quietly but quickly out of bed , while desdemona sleep . he grab he sword . ext . courtyard - night cassio be surround . he swing a long burn log and scatter he opponent . a bell ring loudly . two soldier rush in and restrain that close : montano 's man . in that moment , cassio plunge he dagger into montano 's side . iago God 's will , Lieutenant , hold ! cassio be shocked at he action , montano grab he round the throat . othello arrive , half - dress , armed man at he side . othello hold for you life ! montano 's Men , enraged by he wound , struggle to free themselves . cassio and montano be still lock in combat . iago attempt to separate they . iago hold ! the General speak to you : hold , for shame ! othello what be the matter here , be we turn Turks ? for Christian sham , put by this barbarous brawl . the fighter stop as they see pike and arrow levele at they . othello he that stir next to carve for he own rage hold he soul light : he die upon he motion . the fighter drop they weapon and shuffle into line . othello silence that dreadful bell : it frights the isle from she propriety . what be the matter , master ? silence . othello how come it , Michael , you be thus forget ? cassio I pray you pardon I : I can not speak . othello Worthy montano . what 's the matter that you unlace you reputation thus and spend you rich opinion for the name of a night - brawler ? give I answer to it . montano Worthy othello , I be hurt to danger . you officer , iago , can inform you , while I spare speech , of all that I do know . othello now , by heaven , my blood begin my safer guide to rule . give I to know , how this foul rout begin , who set it on ; and he that be approve in this offense , though he have twin with I , both at a birth , shall lose I . what ! in a town of war to manage private and domestic quarrel in night , and on the court and guard of safety , ' tis monstrous . on thy love I charge thee iago , who bega not ? montano if partially affine or league in office , thou dost deliver more or less than truth , thou art no soldier . iago touch I not so near . I have rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offence to Michael cassio . all eye turn to cassio . iago yet , I persuade myself to speak the truth shall nothing wrong he . this it be , General . he step forward and stand to attention . iago montano and myself be in speech , there come a fellow , cry out for help ... and cassio follow he with determine sword to execute upon he . Sir , this gentleman step in to cassio , and entreat he pause . myself the cry fellow do pursue , lest by he clamour , as it so fall out , the town might fall in fright . he , swift of foot , outran my purpose , and I return , the rather for that I hear the clink and fall of sword and cassio high in oath , which till tonight I not 'er might say before . when I come back - for this be brief - I find they close together at blow and thrust , even as again they be when you yourself do part they . more of this matter can I not report . iago drop he military tone for a confidential one . iago but man be man ; the best sometimes forget . though cassio do some little wrong to he ... as man in rage strike that that wish they best , yet surely cassio ... othello I know , iago , thy honesty and love doth mince this matter , make it light to cassio . cassio ... othello approach he . cassio , reeling slightly , attempt to stand straight . othello I love thee , but nevermore be officer of mine . desdemona appear , attend by emilia . othello look , if my gentle love be not raise up . I will make thee a example . othello rip the lieutenant 's sash from cassio 's jacket . desdemona what 's the matter , dear ? othello all 's well now , sweeting : come away to bed . Sir , for you hurt myself will be you surgeon . othello lead desdemona away . othello ' tis the soldier , life to have they balmy slumber wake with strife . ext . courtyard - night later . cassio sink to the ground . he be alone except for iago who tidy up , put smoking log back into the fire . iago what , be you hurt ... Lieutenant ? cassio ay , past all surgery . iago marry , God forbid ! cassio o , I have lose my reputation I have lose the immortal part of myself , and what remain be bestial . my reputation , iago , my reputation ! iago as I be a honest man I think you have receive some bodily wound , there be more offense in that than in reputation . he kneel to comfort cassio . iago what , man ! there be way to recover the General again . you be but now cast in he mood - a punishment more in policy than in malice . Sue to he again and he 's yours . cassio I would rather sue to be despise than to deceive so good a commander with so slight , so drunken , and so indiscreet a officer . iago what be he that you follow with you sword ? what have he do to you ? cassio I know not . iago is't possible ? cassio drunk ! o God , that man should put a enemy in they mouth to steal away they brain ! every inordinate cup be unbless and the ingredience be a devil . iago come , come ; good wine be a good familiar creature if it be well use : exclaim no more against it . he can not resist a quick grin to the camera . iago exclaim more against it . and good Lieutenant , I think you think I love you . cassio I have well approve it , sir . I drunk ! iago you or any man live may be drunk at a time , man . I will tell you what you shall do . confess yourself freely to desdemona ; importune she : she will help to put you in you place again . this break joint between you and she husband , entreat she to splinter ; and my fortune against any lay worth name , this crack of you love shall grow stronger than it be before . cassio you advise I well . iago I protest in the sincerity of love and honest kindness . he offer he hand . cassio I think it freely ... cassio accept he hand and haul he into a embrace . closeup on iago who stare into the camera . iago ( whisper ) and what 's he then that say I play the villain ? cassio ... and betime in the morning I will beseech the virtuous desdemona to undertake for I . they break apart . cassio I be desperate of my fortune if they check I here . iago you be in the right . good night , Lieutenant , I must to the watch . cassio good night , honest iago . with he hope a little restore , cassio leave . iago ( to camera ) how be I then a villain when this advice be free I give and honest , probal to think , and indeed the course to win the moor again ? his soul be so enfetter to desdemona 's love , that she may make , unmake , do what she list , even as she appetite shall play the god with he weak function . how be I then a villain to counsel cassio to this parallel course directly to he good ? divinity of hell ! he be draw to the fire again . iago when devil will the blackest sin put on , they do suggest at first with heavenly show as I do now . for while this honest fool ply desdemona to repair he fortune and she for he plead strongly to the moor , I will pour this pestilence into he ear : that she repeal he for she body 's lust . he put he hand on a char log . it sizzle slightly . iago and by how much she strive to do he good , she shall undo she credit with the moor . so will I turn she virtue into pitch , he draw he finger down he face , smear it black . iago and out of she own goodness make the net that shall enmesh they all . he embrace himself . his eye close in ecstasy . fade to black . the sound of panting . the image return as before as iago open he eye . iago how now , roderigo ? he turn to see roderigo , batter and dishevel . RODERIGO I do follow here in the chase , not like a hound that hunt , but one that fill up the cry . my money be almost spend ; I have be tonight exceedingly well cudgele ; and I think the issue will be , I shall have so much experience for my pain ; and so with no money at all , and a little more wit , return again to Venice . seethe , he turn to leave . iago ( call out ) how poor be they that have not patience roderigo stop , but do not turn back . iago what wound do ever heal but by degree ? thou know'st we work by wit , and not by witchcraft , and wit depend on dilatory time . does't not go well ? a faint gasp from roderigo , who be on the verge of tear . iago cassio hath beat thee , and thou by that small hurt hath cashier cassio . roderigo turn slowly back . a grin break out on he face . iago content thyself awhile . he put he arm round roderigo . bird sing . iago by th ' mass , 'tis morning : pleasure and action make the hour seem short . retire thee awhile . roderigo be sleepy and comfortable with he head rest on iago 's shoulder . iago shrug it off . iago away , I say ... roderigo start to speak . RODERIGO iago thou shalt know more hereafter : roderigo try again . RODERIGO iago nay , get thee go . he go . iago turn sharply to the camera : iago two thing be to be do . int . winding staircase - day iago ( to camera ) my wife must move for cassio to she mistress : I will set she on . ext . upper colonnade of courtyard - day along upper colonnade move along to stairway area . iago strap on he sword as cassio enter in the background . iago ( v.o. ) myself the while to draw the moor apart , and bring he jump when he may cassio find solicite he wife . cassio and emilia approach as iago set off past they . iago good morrow , good Lieutenant . cassio stop he for a moment . cassio ( softly ) I humbly thank you . iago smile , kiss emilia firmly and hurry off . iago ( to camera ) ay , that 's the way . dull not device by coldness and delay . ext . battlement - day othello , and montano 's Men in battle - dress stand on the battlement overlook a glassy sea . othello turn aside and sniff the peel ( and now brown ) apple from the previous night . as iago arrive he conceal it . othello this fortification , gentleman , shall we see it ? int . bedroom - day cassio bounteous madam , whatever shall become of Michael cassio , he 's never anything but you true servant . desdemona I know't ; I thank you . she open the door . cassio take she hand and kiss it . emilia appear in the doorway . emilia madam , here come my lord . cassio madam , I take my leave . desdemona why stay and hear I speak on thy behalf . cassio madam , not now , I be very ill at ease , unfit for mine own purpose . othello and iago round a corner just cassio disappear behind another . iago ( mutter ) ha ! I like not that . othello what dost thou say ? iago nothing , my lord . othello be not that cassio parte from my wife ? iago cassio , my lord ? othello walk past desdemona into they bedroom . iago follow and proceed to take off othello 's armour . desdemona how now , my lord ? I have be talk with a suitor here , a man that languish in you displeasure . othello who is't you mean ? desdemona why , you lieutenant , cassio . othello throw a look at iago , who shrug . desdemona good my lord , if he be not one that truly love you , I have no judgment in a honest face . I prithee call he back . othello go he hence now ? desdemona aye , soothe ; so humble that he hath leave part of he grief with I to suffer with he . good love , call he back . othello not now , sweet desdemona ; some other time . desdemona but shall't be shortly ? othello the sooner , sweet , for you . desdemona shall't be tonight at supper ? othello no , not tonight . desdemona ( playfully ) tomorrow dinner then ? othello I shall not dine at home . I meet the captain at the citadel . othello have remove he armour . she stroke and tickle he chest . desdemona why , then , tomorrow night , or Tuesday morn , on Tuesday noon , or night ; on Wednesday morn . I prithee name the time , but let it not exceed three day . she look at he hopefully : he feign lack of interest . desdemona when shall he come ? he look at she blankly . she slap he chest . desdemona tell I , othello . again , no response ; she start to get rile : desdemona I wonder in my soul what you would ask I that I should deny , or stand so mammer on . he sigh , conceal a grin . desdemona what ! Michael cassio , that come a-woo with you , and so many a time when I have speak of you dispraisingly ... her bait receive a mere raise eyebrow . desdemona ... hath tane you part , to have so much to do to bring he in ? ( passion blaze ) by 'r Lady , I could do much . othello break into laughter , join by iago and emilia . othello prithee no more . let he come when he will ; I will deny thee nothing . she smile , coolly . he go to embrace she . she pull away . desdemona why , this be not a boon ; ' tis as I should entreat you wear you glove , or feed on nourishing dish , or keep you warm , or sue to you to do a peculiar profit to you own person . nay , when I have a suit wherein I mean to touch you love indeed , it shall be full of poise and difficult weight , and fearful to be grant . though playful , the threat be mean . othello respects it with a consider reply : othello I will deny thee nothing . they embrace warmly . they look into each other 's eye : a calm , level gaze of lover and equal . othello whereon , I do beseech thee , grant I this , to leave I but a little to myself . desdemona shall I deny you ? no ; farewell , my lord . othello farewell , my desdemona ! I will come to thee straight . desdemona emilia , come . he watch she as she go : elegant , more woman now than child . she turn at the door . desdemona be as you fancy teach you ; whate 'er you be , I be obedient . her dignity bely any sense of servility . she leave and emilia follow . iago watch othello watch she . ext . castle lawn - day soldier training . iago and othello work together . othello see desdemona watch and pull off a fancy maneuver for she benefit . he blow she a kiss . othello excellent wretch ! perdition catch my soul . but I do love thee , ( to himself ) and when I love thee not . Chaos be come again . iago my noble lord ? othello what dost thou say , iago ? iago do Michael cassio when you woo my lady , know of you love ? othello he do from first to last . int . bath - day othello sloshes water over he face . othello why dost thou ask ? iago but for a satisfaction of my think ; no further harm . int . armoury - day othello check weapon . othello why of thy think , iago ? iago I do not think he have be acquainted with she . othello o yes , and go between we very oft . iago indeed ? othello indeed ? ay , indeed . discer n'st thou aught in that ? be he not honest ? iago honest my lord ? othello honest ? ay , honest . iago my lord , for aught I know . othello what dost thou think ? iago think , my lord ? othello think , my lord ! by heaven , he echoe I . thou dost mean something . if thou dost love I , show I thy think . iago my lord , you know I love you . othello I think thou dost ; and for I know thou'rt full of love and honesty , and weighst thy word before thou giv'st they breath , therefore this stop of thine fright I the more . iago for Michael cassio , I dare be swear I think that he be honest . othello I think so too . iago Men should be what they seem ; or that that be not , would they might seem none ! othello certain , man should be what they seem . iago why then , I think cassio 's a honest man . othello nay , yet there 's more in this . I prithee speak to I as to thy thinking , as thou dost ruminate , and give thy worst of thought the worst of word . iago good my lord , pardon I ; utter my thought ! othello thou dost conspire against thy friend , iago , if thou mak'st he ear a stranger to thy thought . iago I do beseech you , though I perchance be vicious in my guess - as I confess it be my nature 's plague , to spy into abuse and oft my jealousy shapes fault that be not - I entreat you then , it be not for you quiet nor you good , nor for my manhood , honesty , and wisdom , to let you know my thought . othello what dost thou mean ? iago good name in man and woman , dear my lord , be the immediate jewel of they soul . who steal my purse steal trash : ' tis something , nothing ; ' twas mine , 'tis he , and have be slave to thousand . but he that filch from I my good name robe I of that which not enriches he and make I poor indeed . othello by heaven , I will know thy thought . iago you cannot , if my heart be in you hand ; nor shall not whilst 'tis in my custody . o beware , my lord of jealousy : it be the green -ey monster which doth mock the meat it feed on . othello why , why be this ? think'st thou I would make a life of jealousy , to follow still the change of the moon with fresh suspicion ? no , to be once in doubt be once to be resolve . Exchange I for a goat , when I shall turn the business of my soul to such exsufflicate and blow surmise , match thy inference . ' tis not to make I jealous to say my wife be fair , feed well , love company , be free of speech , sing , play and dance well : where virtue be this be more virtuous . no , iago , I will see before I doubt ; when I doubt , prove ; and on the proof , there be no more but this : away at once with love or jealousy . iago I be glad of this ; for now I shall have reason to show the love and duty that I bear you with franker spirit . therefore , as I be bound , receive it from I . I speak not yet of proof . look to you wife , observe she well with cassio ; look to 't . I know we country disposition well : in Venice they do let Heaven see the prank they dare not show they husband . they best conscience be not to leave't undone , but kee p't unknown . othello dost thou say so ? iago she do deceive she father , marrying you . and when she seem to shake and fear you look she love they most . othello and so she do . iago why , go to then ! but I be much to blame . I humbly do beseech you of you pardon for too much loving you . othello I be bound to thee forever . iago I see this hath a little dash you spirit . othello not a jot , not a jot . iago I 'faith , I fear it have . I hope you will consider what be speak come from my love . but I do see you be move . I be to pray you not to strain my speech to grosser issue nor to larger reach than to suspicion . othello I will not . iago should you do so , my lord , my speech should fall into such vile success as my thought aim not at . cassio 's my worthy friend - my lord , I see you be move . othello no , not much move . I do not think but desdemona 's honest . iago Long live she so ... and long live you to think so . othello and yet how nature erring from itself - iago ay , there 's the point : as , to be bold with you , not to enter into any marriage of she own clime , complexion and degree , whereto we see in all thing nature tend - othello shut he eye in agony . int . castle - flashback - night slow motion sequence : the first night in cyprus . desdemona dance , surround by venetian . all share strike italianate look , wreathe in smile . iago ( v.o. ) foh , one may smell in such a will most rank , foul disproportion , thought unnatural . desdemona change partner , from montano to cassio . int . bedroom - evening othello open he eye : he stand in front of a mirror and be dress in venetian finery . iago be adjust he ruff . iago ( cont 'd ) but pardon I : I do not in position distinctly speak of she , though ' I may fear her will , recoil to she better judgment , May fall to match you with she country forma and may perchance repent . othello farewell . if more thou dost perceive , let I know more . leave I , iago . iago my lord , I take my leave . he start to leave , but stop at the door and watch othello . othello ( mutter ) why do I marry ? iago ( return ) my lord , I would I might entreat you honour to scan this thing no farther . leave it to time . let I be think too busy in my fear as worthy cause I have to fear I be - and hold she free , I do beseech you honor . othello fear not my government . that we can call this delicate creature ours and not they appetite iago go . othello wrench at he ruff to loosen it . int . castle MAIN hall - flashback - night desdemona dance among the venetian . she move from montano 's arm into cassio 's . he whisper in she ear ; a smile grow on she face . crossfade to : int . bedroom - night desdemona , in a similar position and pose , stand in the doorway , smile . desdemona how now , my dear othello ? you dinner and the generous islander , by you invite , do attend you presence . othello I be to blame . desdemona why do you speak so faintly ? be you not well ? she go to he and see that he 's sweat . she take out she strawberry - spot handkerchief and mop he face . he push it away and it drop to the floor . othello come , I will go in with you . he go and desdemona follow . desdemona I be very sorry that you be not well . emilia see the handkerchief and pick it up . she stare at it , then pocket it . ext . castle overlooking the sea - night the night buzze with insect noise . int . cassio' bedroom - night cassio lie in bed toy with the ribbon from bianca 's hair . he reach out to return it to its owner , who we now see be in bed with he . she move up to kiss he . he resist . he blow out the candle . int . iago's bedroom - night iago lie in bed . emilia lay next to he . he turn away . emilia I have a thing for you . iago you have a thing for I ? it be a common thing . emilia ha ! iago to have a foolish wife . emilia o , be that all ? what will you give I now for that same handkerchief ? iago what handkerchief ? emilia what handkerchief ? why , that the moor first give to desdemona , that which so often you do bid I to steal . iago ( sudden interest ) hast steal it from she ? emilia no , faith : she let it drop by negligence , she reveal a corner of the handkerchief between she breast . he smile and reach for it , but she clap she hand over it . emilia what will you do with't , that you have be so earnest to have I filch it ? he smile and roll she over onto she back . she gasp at the roughness of the movement . he lean in close to she lip . she relax and he snatch the handkerchief . iago why what 's that to you ? go , leave I . he stare at she , coldly . wound , she turn to go . he grab she , spin she round and push she face down onto the bed . he pull up she skirt and turn to the camera . iago ( to camera ) trifles light as air be to the jealous confirmation strong as proofs of holy writ . this may do something . he toss the handkerchief into the air . int . castle - flashback fantasy - night the night of the dance . desdemona smile in cassio 's arm . they face move close together . he move he mouth close to she ear and flick he tongue into it . from amongst the venetian behind they , a head turn slowly to face the camera . it be brabantio , he face deathly pale . he slowly shake he head . brabantio look to she moor , if thou hast eye to see ; she have deceive she father and may thee . int . bedroom - night othello 's eye spring open . othello my life upon she faith . he lie in bed with desdemona sleep by he side . he gaze at she . othello if she be false , o then Heaven mock itself ; I will not believe it . he shut he eye , and be project into another vision . int . bedroom - flashback fantasy - night we follow the trail of desdemona 's discard clothes - as othello do on the previous night - lead to the drape around the four-poster bed . a drape twitches . a giggle . a naked figure behind the drape - and a second figure . othello 's hand stretch out in front of we to the bedside table and grab a heavy candlestick . his other hand reach out to part the curtain . int . bedroom - night othello sit in bed , lean over and stare intensely at the sleep desdemona . his face be run with sweat . a bead of sweat drop from he chin to he shoulder . more sweat run down he arm to he wrist . in he shaking hand : the candlestick . he drop it and it thud against the floor . desdemona stir and mumble . eye still close , she stretch out she arm to othello . he dry he face on a pillow , take she hand and press he lip to she palm . he sigh with relief and shut he eye : int . castle - flashback fantasy - night desdemona 's arm be stretch over the bed , finger splay as in they earlier love-scene . groan of pleasure . a hand reach out to grasp she ( as othello do ) . this hand be white . int . bedroom - night othello 's eye flash open and he drop she hand in shock . he get up . ext . beach - day othello leave the Castle . in foreground iago stalk he . ext . beach - day iago sit hide amongst the rock . iago ( to camera ) the moor already change with my poison : dangerous conceit be in they nature poison , which at the first be scarce find to distaste but , with a little act upon the blood , burn like the mine of sulphur . I do say so . look ... he indicate othello pace on the shore . iago not poppy nor mandragora , nor all the drowsy syrup of the world , shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep which thou owed 'st yesterday . he join othello . iago why , how now , general ! no more of that . othello avaunt , be go ! thou hast set I on the rack . I swear 'tis better to be much abuse , than but to kno wht a little . iago how now , my lord ! othello what sense have I of she steal hour of lust ? I sa wht not , think it not , it harme not I . I find not cassio 's kiss on she lip . iago I be sorry to hear this . othello I have be happy if the general camp , Pioneers and all , have taste she sweet body so I have nothing know . o now for ever farewell the tranquil mind . farewell content . farewell the plume troops , and the big war that make ambition virtue - o farewell . farewell the neigh steed and the shrill trump , the spirit-stirring drum , th'ear - pierce fife , the royal banner , and all quality , pride , pomp and circumstance , of glorious war . and , o you mortal engine , whose rude throat th'immortal jove 's dread clamour counterfeit , farewell . othello 's occupation 's go . iago is't possible , my lord ? othello turn to iago . othello villain , be sure thou prove my love a whore ; be sure of it . give I the ocular proof , or by the worth of mine eternal soul , thou hadst be better have be bear a dog than answer my wake wrath . iago is't come to this ? othello make as to see't ; or , at the least , so prove it that the probation bear no hinge nor loop to hang a doubt on - or woe upon thy life . othello grab iago by the throat . iago my noble lord - othello it thou dost slander she and torture I , never pray more ; abandon all remorse ; on horror head horror accumulate ; for nothing canst thou to damnation add Greater than that . his grip have tightened . he let iago drop . iago back away , gasp and spluttering . iago o grace ! o heaven defend I ! God bu 'y you ; take mine office . to be direct and honest be not safe . I thank you for this profit and from hence I will love no friend , sith love breed such offense . he start to leave . othello nay stay : thou shouldst be honest . iago I should be wise ; for honesty 's a fool and lose that it work for . othello by the world , I think my wife be honest , and think she be not : I think that thou art just , and think thou art not . I will have some proof . would I be satisfied ! iago I see , sir , you be eat up with passion . I do repent I that I put it to you . you would be satisfied . othello would ? nay , I will . iago and may . but how ? how satisfied my lord ? would you , the supervisor , grossly gape on ? behold she top ? othello punch he to the ground . othello death and damnation ! iago get up and brushes off the sand . iago it be a tedious difficulty , I think , to bring they to that prospect . damn they then what shall I say ? where 's satisfaction ? it be impossible you should see this , be they as prime as goat , as hot as monkey othello grab he again . iago but yet , I say , if imputation and strong circumstance , which lead directly to the door of truth , will give you satisfaction , you might have it . othello give I a live reason she 's disloyal . iago I do not like the office ; but sith I be enter in this cause so far pricked to it by foolish honesty and love I will go on . I lay with cassio lately , and be troubled with a raging tooth I could not sleep . there be a kind of man so loose of soul that in they sleep will mutter they affair . one of this kind be cassio . in sleep I hear he say , ' sweet desdemona , lot we be wary , let we hide we love . ' othello sink onto the sand . the sea lap at they ankle . iago and then , air , would he grip and wring my hand , Cry , 'o sweet creature ! ' , and then kiss I hard , as if he pluck up kiss by the root that grow upon my lip ; then laid he leg over my thigh . iago illustrate , place he own leg lightly over othello 's . iago and sigh , and kiss and then cried . CUT to : flashback fantasy cassio whisper in desdemona 's ear . his lip move to match iago 's line : iago ( v.o. ) " curse fate that give thee to the moor . " CUT back to : ext . beach - day othello pull away and get to he foot . othello o monstrous ! iago nay , this be but he dream . othello monstrous ! iago nay , yet be wise ; yet we see nothing do , she may be honest yet . tell I but this : have you not sometimes see a handkerchief spot with strawberry in you wife 's hand ? othello I give she such a one ; ' twas my first gift . iago I know not that ; but such a handkerchief - I be sure it be you wife 's - do I today see cassio wipe he beard with . othello if it be that ... int . cassio' bedroom - day cassio 's hand catch the strawberry - spot handkerchief in mid-air . intrigue , he hold it up against the morning sunlight . he place it on a bed-post . he kiss the sleep bianca . meanwhile we hear the follow : desdemona ( v.o. ) where should I lose that handkerchief , emilia ? emilia ( v.o. ) I know not madam . desdemona ( v.o. ) believe I , I have rather lose my purse full of crusadoe ; and but my noble moor be true of mind and make of no such baseness as jealous creature be , it be enough to put he to ill think . emilia ( v.o. ) be he not jealous ? int . bedroom - day desdemona still in she night - dress , rummages through she clothes . they conversation continue : desdemona who he ? I think the sun where he be bear Drew all such humour from he . she turn and be startle to see stand in the doorway . desdemona how be 't with you , my lord ? othello well , my good lady . how do you , desdemona ? desdemona well , my good lord . othello give I you hand . this hand be moist , my lady . desdemona it have feel no age , nor know no sorrow . othello this argue fruitfulness and liberal heart . hot , hot and moist . this hand of yours require a sequester from liberty , fasting and prayer , much castigation , exercise devout ; for there 's a young and sweat devil here that commonly rebel . ' tis a good hand , a frank one . desdemona you may indeed say so , for 'twas that hand that give away my heart . come now , you promise . othello what promise , chuck ? desdemona I have bid cassio come speak to you . he drop she hand , put he own to he forehead . othello I have a salt and sorry rheum offend I : lend I that handkerchief . desdemona here , my lord . she offer a plain , white handkerchief . othello that which I give you . desdemona I have it not about I . othello not ? desdemona no , faith , my lord . othello that 's a fault . that handkerchief do a egyptian to my mother give : she be a charmer and could almost read the thought of people ; she tell she , while she keep it ' twould make she amiable , and subdue my father entirely to she love she but if she lose it , or make a gift of it , my father 's eye should hold she loathly , and he spirit should hunt after new fancy : she die , give it I , and bid I when my fate would have I wive , I give it she . I do so , and take heed on it : make it a darling , like you precious eye . to lose it or give't away be such perdition as nothing else could match . desdemona be 't possible ? she be catch up in the intensity of he stare eye . othello ' tie true . there 's magic in the web of it : the worm be hallow that do breed the silk , and it be dyed in mummy , which the skillful conserve of maiden 's heart . desdemona I , faith , be 't true ? othello most veritable ; therefore look to it well . desdemona then would to God I have never see it . othello s'blood ! desdemona why do you speak so startlingly and rash ? othello is't lose ? be 't go ? speak ; be 't out of th' way ? desdemona Heaven bless we . othello say you ? desdemona it be not lose , but what and if it be ? othello how ? desdemona I say it in not lose . othello fetch it , let I see it . desdemona why so I can , sir ; but I will not now . this be a trick to put I from my suit . pray you let cassio be receive again . othello fetch I my handkerchief . my mind misgive . desdemona come , come ; you will never meet a more sufficient man . othello the handkerchief ! desdemona I pray , talk I of cassio . othello the handkerchief ! desdemona a man that all he time hath found he good fortune on you love , share danger with you - othello the handkerchief ! desdemona i'faith , you be to blame . othello Zound ! othello storm out . iago stand , unseen , outside the door . emilia be not this man jealous ? desdemona I not 'er see this before . emilia catch sight of iago retreate down the corridor . emilia ' tis not a year or two show we a man . iago be mean to hear this and he do . he turn to look at she . emilia they be all but stomach , and we all but food ; they eat we hungerly , and when they be full , they belch we . iago turn away and go . desdemona something sure of state hath puddle he clear spirit . emilia ( turn back into the room ) pray heaven it be , and no conception nor no jealous toy concern you . desdemona alas the day I never give he cause . emilia but jealous soul will not be answer so . they be not ever jealous for the cause , but jealous for they be jealous . ' tis a monster begot upon itself , bear on itself . desdemona Heaven keep that monster from othello 's mind . emilia Lady , amen . int . castle - montage shot - day a sequence of shot go down to the dungeon : we follow othello down a narrow passageway - othello descend the step . the camera catch he up and we push in to the back of he head . othello' Pov we lurch along the tunnel gather pace . spiral staircase - we reel down the stair and into the dungeon . int . dungeon - flashback fantasy - day we see a prisoner chain to the wall as he turn he head to camera we see the dead head of brabantio . int . dungeon - day we look again and see that it be a turkish prisoner . iago be check the cell and throw food to the prisoner . iago but if I give my wife a handkerchief . othello what then ? iago why , then 'tis hers , my lord ' and be hers , she may , I think , besto wht on any man . what if I have say I have see he do you wrong ? or hear he say - othello hath he say anything ? int . castle MAIN hall - othello' fantasy - night a glimpse of cassio whisper in desdemona 's ear . CUT back to : int . dungeon - day iago he hath , my lord ; but be you well assure , no more than he will unswear . othello what hath he say ? iago faith , that he do - I know not what he do . othello what , what ? int . castle MAIN hall - othello' fantasy - night figure writhe behind drape . moan and sigh . int . dungeon - day iago lie - othello with she ? iago with she , on she , what you will . int . castle MAIN hall - othello' fantasy - night the drape be pull back : cassio and desdemona make love . int . dungeon - day othello lie with she ? lie on she ? Zound that 's fulsome . lie with she . handkerchief - he start to reel . int . castle MAIN hall - othello' fantasy - night a succession of rapid image flash in he head . glimpsis of the lover ' body : hand , lip , arched back , tongue , eye , buttock ... the sound of othello 's erratic breathe mingle with whisper , laugh and sound of love-make . the image speed up and the sound increase as the lover reach they climax . ext . sky - othello' fantasy - day silence . clear sky . a bright white handkerchief float through the air . it be hit by a fleck of blood . then another , and another . as it hit the ground , we ... CUT back to : int . dungeon - day othello fall and hit the ground . his head crack against the stone floor . iago look down at he . iago work on , my medicine , work ! I thus credulous fool be catch , and many worthy and chaste dame even thus , all guiltless , meet reproach . the sound of footstep . iago bend dawn to othello iago what ho , my lord ! my lord , I say . othello . cassio arrive . cassio what 's the matter ? iago my Lord be fall into a epilepsy . this be he second fit ; he have one yesterday . cassio rub he about the temple . cassio move towards othello , but iago lead he outside . iago ( whisper ) no , forbear . the lethargy must have he quiet course . if not , he foam at mouth and by and by break out to savage madness . look , he stir . do you withdraw yourself a little while ; he will recover straight . when he be go , I would on great occasion speak with you . a cassio goose othello sit bolt upright and state at the camera for the first time : othello ( to camera ) do he confess it ? iago , startle , flick a suspicious look at the camera . iago how be it , general ? have you not hurt you head ? othello dost thou mock I ? iago help he up and dust he off . iago I mock you ? no , by heaven . good sir , whilst you be here , o'er whelmed with you grief , cassio come hither . othello look about , wildly . iago I shift he away . and laid good scuse upon you ecstasy ; bade he anon return and here speak with I , the which he promise . do but encave yourself , and mark the jeer , the gibe and notable scorn that dwell in every region of he face . for I will make he tell the tale anew , where , how , how oft , how long ago and when he hath and be again to cope you wife . marry patience . othello be on the verge of erupting . the sound of footstep . iago hush he and bundle he in to a cell with a deranged prisoner . he lock the door . iago sigh with relief and whisper to the camera : iago now will I question cassio of bianca . he , when he hear of she , can not refrain from the excess of laughter . cassio be almost upon he , iago get even quieter : iago as he shall smile , othello shall go mad . through the bar of he cell othello look into the camera again . the prisoner study he close by . iago greet cassio . iago how do you now , lieutenant ? cassio the worser that you give I that same title whose want even kill I . iago ply desdemona well and you be sure of not . ( whisper ) now , if this suit lay in bianca 's power how quickly should you speed . cassio ( laugh ) alas , poor wretch . othello turn to he fellow prisoner : othello look how he laugh already . cassio I think , I 'faith , she love I . iago she give it out that you shall marry she . do you intend it ? cassio laugh heartily . cassio I marry she ? what ! I prithee , bear some charity to my wit . iago lead he closer to othello 's cell . othello duck down , though the prisoner continue to observe . iago faith , the cry go that you shall marry she . cassio prithee , say true . iago I be a very villain else . iago and cassio laugh . the prisoner join in . cassio this be the monkey 's own give out . she hang and loll and weep upon I , so hale and pull I . he demonstrate on iago . othello seethes . iago before I , look where she come . iago withdraw , lean on the cell door , a bianca arrive . cassio how be it with you , my most fair bianca ? she bring out the spot handkerchief . iago be ecstatic . he check othello 's reaction . bianca whence come this ? this be some token from a new friend . cassio no , by my faith . bianca why , whose be it ? cassio I know not . I find it in my chamber . bianca a likely story that you should find it in you chamber and not know who leave it . this be some minx 's token . there . she throw it at he . bianca give it to you hobby-horse , wheresoe 'er you have it . laugh , cassio take she in he arm and calm she . cassio how now , my sweet bianca . how now , how now . bianca if you will come to supper tonight , you may . if you will not ... come when you be next prepare for . she march off . iago and cassio laugh at she . iago after she , after she . cassio faith , I must . she will rail in the street else . he pick up the handkerchief and set off , but iago check he . iago will you sup there ? cassio faith , I intend to . iago well , I may chance to see you ; for I would very fain speak with you . cassio prithee , come ; will you ? iago ( laugh ) go to , say no more . cassio run off . othello how shall I murder he , iago ? iago do you perceive how he laugh at he vice ? othello nod . iago and do you see the handkerchief ? the prisoner nod . iago unlock the door and othello step out . ext . fortification - evening othello ( to camera ) o , that the slave have forty thousand life , one be too poor , too weak for my revenge . a fine woman , a fair woman , a sweet woman . iago nay , you must forget that . othello ay , let she rot and perish , and be damned tonight , for she shall not live . no , my heart be turn to stone : I strike it and it hurt my hand . but yet the pity of it , iago . o , iago , the pity of it , iago . o , the world hath not a sweeter creature ! she might lie by a emperor 's side and command he task . iago nay , that 's not you way . othello damn she lewd minx , damn she ! cuckold meet . iago o , 'tis foul in she ! othello with mine officer ! iago that 's fouler . othello look here iago , all my fond love thus do I blow to heaven : ' tis go . arise black vengeance from thy hollow cell . yield up , o love , thy crown and heart throne to tyrannous hate . now by yond marble heaven , in the due reverence of a sacred vow I here engage my word . kneel , he take out a dagger and cut the of he hand . he start to rise , but iago hold he down . iago do not rise yet . Witness you ever- burn light above , you element that clip we round about , Witness that here iago doth give up the execution of he wit , hand , heart , to wronge othello 's service . let he command , and to obey shall be in I remorse , what bloody business ever . he take othello 's knife and cut he own palm . othello I greet thy love , othello clasp iago 's bleed hand to he . blood run down they arm . they both rise . othello get I some poison , iago , this night . I will not expostulate with she , lest she body and beauty unprovide my mind again - this night , iago . iago do it not with poison ; strangle she in she bed , even the bad she hath contaminate . othello good , good . the justice of it please ; very good - iago and for cassio , let I be he undertaker . you shall hear more by midnight . othello excellent good . come , go with I apart . now art thou my lieutenant . othello hold he arm out and iago grasp it . iago I be you own forever . they fall into a embrace . iago 's eye glisten with tear . he hide he face from the camera in othello 's shoulder . int . iago's bedroom - night othello smarten he clothing . iago put on he new lieutenant 's sash . as they leave iago check he appearance in the mirror . int . MAIN hall - night two venetian standard -bearer among a small band of attendant . lodovico ( the Duke 's chess partner ) kiss desdemona 's hand . next to they stand gratiano ( brabantio 's brother ) . othello and iago enter . lodovico God save you , worthy general . othello with all my heart , sir . lodovico the Duke and Senators of Venice greet you . he give othello a letter . he take it in he leave hand . his right be clench behind he back . blood seep through he finger . othello I kiss the instrument of they pleasure . welcome , signior gratiano . gratiano grunt . othello open the letter and read . desdemona and what 's the news , uncle ? gratiano grunt and turn away again . desdemona cousin lodovico ? iago I be very glad to see you , signor ; welcome to cyprus . lodovico I thank you . how do Lieutenant cassio ? iago live , sir . desdemona cousin , there 's fall between he and my lord a unkind breach ; but you shall make all well . othello ( mutter ) be you sure of that ? desdemona my lord ? othello ( read the letter ) ' this fail you not to do , as you will - lodovico he do not call ; he 's busy in the paper . be there division between my lord and cassio ? desdemona a most unhappy one ; I would do much t'atone they , for the love I bear to cassio , closeup on othello 's hand behind he back . he clenches tightly , squeezing out a drop of blood which fall to the floor . othello Fire and brimstone ! desdemona my lord ? othello be you wise ? desdemona turn to othello . his head be bury in the letter . desdemona what , be he angry ? lodovico maybe the letter move he ; for as I think they do command he home , depute cassio in he government . desdemona by my troth , I be glad on it . othello indeed . desdemona my lord ? othello I be glad to see you mad . desdemona why , sweet othello ? othello Devil ! he strike she across the face . the witness be shocked . desdemona I have not deserve this . lodovico my lord , this would not be believe in Venice , though I should swear I see it . ' tis very much . make she amend ; she weep . othello if that the earth could teem with woman 's tear , each drop she fall would prove a crocodile . out of my sight . desdemona I would not stay to offend you . she start to leave . lodovico truly , a obedient lady . I do beseech you lordship , call she back . othello mistress . desdemona ( stop ) my lord ? othello what would you with she , sir ? lodovico who ? I , my lord ? othello ay , you do wish that I would make she turn . Sir , she can turn ... ( he spin she round ) ... and turn and yet go on , and turn again . and she can weep , sir , weep . and she 's obedient ; as you say , obedient , very obedient - proceed you in you tear - he lurch from politeness to fury : othello concern this , sir . ( the letter ; to desdemona ) o , well - paint passion . I be command home - get you away ! I will send for you anon . Sir , I obey the mandate , and will return to Venice - hence avaunt . desdemona run off in tear . othello cassio shall have my place . and air , tonight I do entreat that we may sup together . you be welcome , sir , to cyprus . he bow and walk away , shouting : othello goat and monkey ! lodovico , amaze , watch he go . he turn to iago : lodovico be this the noble moor whom we full senate call all - in - all sufficient ? be this the nature whom passion could not shake ? iago he be much change . lodovico be he wit safe ? be he not light of brain ? iago he 's that he be ; I may not breathe my censure what he may be . lodovico what , strike he wife ! iago ( with great sadness ) faith , that be not so well ; yet would I know that stroke would prove the worst . lodovico I be sorry that I be deceive in he . int . bedroom - night emilia sit on a chair . othello prowl around she . othello you have see nothing then ? emilia nor ever hear , nor ever do suspect . othello yes , you have see cassio and she together . he move in close to scrutinize she face . she battle to keep she composure . emilia but then I see no harm , and then I hear each syllable that breath make up between they . othello what , do they never whisper ? emilia never , my lord I durst , my lord , to wager she be honest , Lay down my soul at stake . if you think other , remove you think ; it doth abuse you bosom . othello bid she come hither ; go. ( to camera ) this be a subtle whore . int . bedroom - night desdemona what be you pleasure ? othello let I see you eye . look in my face . he grasp she face in he hand . desdemona what horrible fancy 's this ? othello what art thou ? desdemona you wife , my lord ; you true and loyal wife . othello come , swear it ; he grab she by the hair and ... int . chapel - night ... force she to she knee by the altar . othello damn thyself ; swear thou art honest . Heaven doth truly know it . othello reach for he dagger . othello Heaven truly know thou art false as hell . she look up at he , unaware of he outstretch arm . desdemona to whom , my lord ? with whom ? how be I false ? his hand curl into a fist and he push she towards the door . othello ah , desdemona , away , away , away . he collapse onto the ground in tear . she gather he up and hug he in she arm . desdemona alas , the heavy day . why do you weep ? be I the motive of this tear my lord ? she kiss he about the face . othello have it pleased heaven to try I with affliction , have they rain all kind of sore and shame on my bare head , I should have find in some place of my soul a drop of patience . but ala there where I have garner up my heart , where either I must live , or bear no life , the fountain from the which my current run , or else dry up - to be discard thence or keep it as a cistern for foul toad to knot and gender in ! o , thou , who art so lovely fair and smell 'st so sweet that the sense aches at thee , would thou hadst not 'er be bear . she recoil in shock . desdemona alas , what ignorant sin have I commit ? he grab she by the hair and pull she head back . othello be this fair paper , this most goodly book , make to write ' whore , upon ? what commit ! impudent strumpet ! he kiss she forcefully , pin she down and molest she . desdemona by heaven , you do I wrong . othello be you not a strumpet ? desdemona no , as I be a Christian . if to preserve this vessel for my lord from any hate foul unlawful touch , be not to be a strumpet , I be none . othello what ! not a whore ? desdemona no , and I shall be save . othello be 't possible ? desdemona o , heaven forgive we . he release she and straighten she dress . othello I cry you mercy then : I take you for that cun whore of Venice that marry with othello . he shout at the door : othello you , mistress , that have the office opposite to Saint Peter , and keep the gate of hell . emilia enter tentatively . othello you , you , ay , you . we have do we course ; he press coin into she hand , which fall to the floor . othello there 's money for you pain . I pray you turn the key , and keep we counsel . he wink at she and leave . emilia rush over to desdemona . emilia how do you , madam ? how do you , my good lady ? desdemona ( faintly ) faith , half - asleep . emilia good madam , what 's the matter with my lord ? desdemona with who ? emilia why , with my lord , madam . desdemona who be thy lord ? emilia he that be yours , sweet lady . desdemona I have none . do not talk to I , emilia . I can not weep , nor answer have I none but what should go by water . prithee tonight Lay on my bed my wedding sheet , remember ; and call thy husband hither . int . chapel - night desdemona stand by the window stare at the bright moon . she bite back tear . desdemona be I that name , iago ? iago what name fair lady ? desdemona such as my lord do say I be . emilia he call she whore . iago why do he so ? desdemona I do not know , I be sure I be none such . iago do not weep , do not weep : alas the day ! emilia have she forsook so many noble match , her father , and she country , all she friend , to be call would whore ? would it not make one weep ? desdemona it be my wretch fortune . iago beshrew he for it . how come this trick upon he ? desdemona nay , heaven doth know . o' good iago . what shall I do to win my lord again ? good friend , go to he ; for , by this light of heaven , I know not how I lose he . here I kneel : she kneel in front of the altar-piece . iago close the shutter . desdemona if e'er my will do trespass ' gainst he love either in discourse of think or actual deed ; or that mine eye , mine ear , or any sense delighted they in any other form ; or that I do not yet , and ever do and ever will - though he do shake I off to beggarly divorcement - love he dearly , Comfort forswear I . unkindness may do much , and he unkindness may defeat my life , but never taint my love . I can not say ' whore : it do abhor I now I speak the word ; to do the act that might the addition earn not the world 's mass of vanity could make I . she sob again . iago get to he knee to comfort she . iago I pray you be content ; ' tis but he humour . the business of the state do he offense , and he do chide with you . desdemona if 'twere no other - iago it be but so , I warrant . trumpets sound . he raise she up and embrace she . iago hark how this instrument summon to supper . the messenger of Venice stay the meat . go in , and weep not ; all thing shall be well . int . chapel - night as desdemona and emilia move away , iago be suddenly pull to one side . he be bang against the wall , and a sword - point be press to he throat . iago how now , roderigo ? RODERIGO I do not find that thou deal 'st justly with I . iago what in the contrary ? RODERIGO every day thou daff'st I with some device , iago try to speak . RODERIGO I will indeed no longer endure it . nor be I yet persuade to put up in peace what already I have foolishly suffer . he press harder with the sword-point . iago will you hear I , roderigo ? RODERIGO faith , I have hear too much ; for you word and performance be no kin together . iago you charge I most unjustly . RODERIGO with naught but truth . I have waste myself out of my mean . the jewel you have have from I to deliver to desdemona would half have corrupt a nun . you have tell I she hath receive they , and return I expectation and comfort of sudden respect and acquaintance , but I find none . iago push the sword away . iago well , go to ; very well . roderigo pull he back and slap he . RODERIGO very well , go to ? I can not go to , man , nor ' tis not very well . by this hand , I say 'tis very scurvy and begin to find myself fopped in it . he slap iago again . iago ( coolly ) very well . RODERIGO I tell you 'tis not very well . I will make myself know to desdemona . roderigo pull off he false beard . iago turn slowly back . RODERIGO if she will return I my jewel , I will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation ; if not , assure yourself , I will seek satisfaction of you . iago you have say now . RODERIGO ay , and say nothing but what I protest intendment of do . he set off after desdemona . iago swing he back . iago why , now I see there 's mettle in thee , and even from this instant do build on thee a better opinion than ever before . give I thy hand , roderigo . thou hast take against I a most just exception ; but yet I protest I have deal most justly in thy affair . he lead he away from the door . RODERIGO it hath not appear . iago I grant it hath not appear ; and you suspicion be not without wit and judgment . but , roderigo , if thou hast that in thee indeed , which I have great reason to believe now than ever - I mean purpose , courage and valour - this night show it . if thou the next night follow enjoy not desdemona , take I from this world and devise engine for my life . RODERIGO well ... what be it ? iago smile . int . MAIN hall in dine mode - night othello , desdemona , lodovico and gratiano eat in silence . lodovico look at desdemona . she manage a smile , he smile back . othello 's eye be fix on he food . int . castle corridor - night iago and roderigo in heat discussion . RODERIGO why , then othello and desdemona return again to Venice ! iago unless he abode be lingered here by some accident ; wherein none can be so determinate as the remove of cassio . RODERIGO ( nervously ) how do you mean ' remove ' of he ? iago why , by make he incapable of othello 's place - knock out he brain . RODERIGO and that you would have I to do ? iago hush he . iago ay , if you dare do yourself profit and a right . I will be near to second you attempt . come , stand not amaze at it , but go along with I . I will show you such a necessity in he death that you shall think yourself bound put it on he . RODERIGO I will hear further reason for this . iago and you shall be satisfied . ext . courtyard - night othello , desdemona lodovico and gratiano walk in silence escort by attendant . lodovico I do beseech you , sir , trouble yourself no further . othello o pardon I ; ' twill do I good to walk . o desdemona . desdemona my lord ? othello get you to bed on the instant . I will return forthwith . dismiss you attendant there . she freeze . othello look it be do . desdemona I will , my lord . lodovico madam , good night . I humbly thank you ladyship . he kiss she hand . desdemona you honour be most welcome . othello will you walk , air ? she leave . they set off down the stair / path to front gate . int . bedroom - night emilia pour a bucket of hot water into a bath . emilia dismiss I ? desdemona it be he bid . emilia I would you have never see he . desdemona ( forcefully ) so would not I . emilia turn to go . desdemona ( call out ) prithee ... ( emilia turn back ) unpin I here emilia help she undress . emilia I have laid that sheet you bid I on the bed . desdemona all 's one . good faith , how foolish be we mind . if I do die before thee , prithee shroud I in one of that same sheet . emilia come , come , you talk . desdemona start to hum distractedly . ext . front gate - night the moon be lose in cloud . othello part company with lodovico and gratiano . int . bedroom - night desdemona slip into a steaming bath . desdemona my mother have a may call barbary : she be in love and he she love prove mad and do forsake she . she have a song of willow ; a old thing ' twas but it express she fortune , and she die sing it . that song tonight will not go from my mind . ( sing ) the poor soul sit sighing by a sycamore tree , sing all a green willow ; her hand on she bosom , she head on she knee , sing willow , willow , willow ; the fresh stream run by she and murmured she moan : sing willow , willow , willow . ext . beach - night othello 's still silhouette amongst a patch of reed thrash by a fierce wind . he look out to sea , at the billow wave . he turn away and move inland . throughout : desdemona ( sing v.o. ) her salt tear fall from she and soften the stone sing willow , willow , willow . prithee , hie thee ; he will come anon sing all a green willow must be my garland . let nobody blame he : he scorn I approve nay , that 's not next . int . bedroom - night desdemona be now in she night - dress . desdemona hark , who be 't that knock ? emilia it be the wind . desdemona this lodovico be a proper man . emilia a very handsome man . desdemona he speak well . emilia I know a lady in Venice , who would have walk barefoot to palastine for a touch of he nether lip . desdemona ( sing ) I call my love false love , but what say he then ? sing willow , willow , willow ; if I court more woman , you will couch with more man . she get into bed . desdemona so , get thee go ; good night . I do not think there be any such woman . emilia start to leave . desdemona mine eye do itch - do that bode weep ? emilia ( hover at the door ) ' tis neither here nor there . desdemona I have hear it say so . o , this man , this man . dost thou in conscience think - tell I , emilia that there be woman do abuse they husband in such gross kind ? emilia ( return ) there be some such , no question . desdemona wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ? emilia why , would not you ? desdemona no , by this heavenly light ; emilia nor I by this heavenly light ; I might do't as well i' th'dark . they laugh . desdemona wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ? emilia the world 's a huge thing ; it be a great price for a small vice . desdemona in troth , I think thou wouldst not . emilia in troth , I think I should , and und o't again when I have do it . for the whole world ? ud 's pity , who would not make she husband a cuckold to make he a monarch ? I should venture purgatory for it . desdemona I do not think there be any such woman . emilia yes ... a dozen . they laugh . desdemona fall silent , apparently distract . emilia roll she onto the bed and begin to rub oil into she back . emilia but I do think it be they husband ' fault if wife do fall . say that they slack they duty , and pour we treasure into foreign lap ; o else break out in peevish jealousy , throw restraint upon we ; or say they strike we why , we have gall , and though we have some grace , yet have we some revenge . let husband know they wife have sense like they : they see and smell and have they palate both for sweet and sour , as husband have . what be it that they do when they change we for other ? be it sport ? I think it be . and doth affection breed it ? I think it doth . be 't frailty that thus err ? I think so too . and have not we affection , desire for sport , and frailty , as man have ? then lot they use we well : else let they know , the ill we do , they ill instruct we so . desdemona 's eye be shut . emilia get up gently . desdemona take she hand and kiss it . desdemona good , night , good night . emilia kiss she on the head and go . desdemona settles into the bed . int . castle colonnade - night roderigo hover nervously in a colonnade . he hear run foot and hide behind a pillar . he be startle by iago arrive from the opposite side . iago give he a nod and start to withdraw . roderigo grab he . RODERIGO be near at hand ; I may miscarry in it . iago here at thy hand ; be bold and take thy stand . iago slip behind the next pillar and pull out he dagger . RODERIGO ( mutter ) ' tis but a man go . forth my sword . roderigo take out he rapier . iago ( to camera ) if cassio do remain he hath a daily beauty in he life that make I ugly , and beside , the moor May unfold I to he ; there stand I in much peril : no , he must die . sound of footstep approach . cassio walk past roderigo 's pillar . roderigo move out . cassio spot he shadow just before roderigo 's lunge . RODERIGO villain , thou diest ! cassio turn to face he and draw he sword . iago peer out from behind he pillar . roderigo lunge again but cassio parry he . iago strike at cassio 's back . at the same time cassio lunge at roderigo wound he in the stomach . miss cassio 's back , iago 's knife slice down and into the back of cassio 's log . iago roll away and run off into the shadow . roderigo , in a state of shock , stumble against a pillar , clutching he bleed stomach . cassio writhes on the ground . RODERIGO o villain that I be . cassio o help , ho ! murder ! murder ! int . castle gate - night othello enter the castle . hear the cry , he smile into the camera . ext . castle colonnade - night lodovico and gratiano appear at the other and of the colonnade . cassio cry out again . lodovico ' tis some mischance ; the cry be very direful . hear they . cassio 's voice find new power . cassio o , help ! lodovico hark . they move cautiously in cassio 's direction . RODERIGO o , wretch villain . hear this cry from another direction , they start to withdraw , but be halt by the arrival of iago in he night - shirt , carry a torch and dagger . iago who 's there ? whose noise be this that cry on murder ? lodovico we do not know . iago do not you hear a cry ? cassio here , here ; for heaven 's sake , help I ! iago find cassio with he torchlight . cassio iago ? give I some help . iago o I , lieutenant . what villain have do this ? cassio I think that one of they be hereabout and can not make away . iago o , treacherous villain . he call out to lodovico and gratiano : iago what be you there ? come in and give some help . RODERIGO ( faintly ) o , help I here . cassio that 's one of they . iago find roderigo crumpled behind a pillar . he help he up and smile at he . then he clamp one hand over he mouth , and , with the other , plunge he dagger deep into he gut . he pull it forcefully upwards , lift roderigo off the ground . iago ( loudly ) o murderous slave , o , villain . roderigo cling onto iago and , as he sink down , stare into he eye and whisper : RODERIGO o damned iago . o inhuman dog . iago look blankly at the camera , then turn away . iago ( shouting ) where be this bloody thief ? he move up behind cassio . look about , he see no one be watch . he raise he dagger to strike . hear footstep he hide he dagger and spin round , shouting . , iago ho. murder , murder . the figure of lodovico and gratiano emerge from the shadow . iago what may you be ? be you of good or evil ? lodovico as you shall prove we , praise we . lodovico and gratiano stop into the torchlight . ext . corridor outside othello' bedroom - night distant shout of ' murder , murder ' . soldier rush past the half - open door to othello and desdemona 's bedroom . int . bedroom - night othello shut out the sound as he close the door behind he . he see desdemona asleep on the bed . ext . colonnade - night lodovico hold a torch over iago , who have take off he night - shirt and be tie it around cassio 's leg . attendant arrive , bring more light . bianca run in . she see cassio and throw herself to the ground by he side . bianca o , my dear cassio , my sweet cassio . iago patience awhile , good cassio . come , come , lend I a light . he lead they over to roderigo iago know we this face or no ? alas , my friend and my dear countryman . roderigo ? no - he lean in with a torch . iago - yes , sure - o heaven , roderigo . gratiano what , of Venice ? iago even he , sire ; do you know he ? gratiano know he ? ay . attendant arrive with a stretcher . iago return to cassio . he pull bianca away and they raise he onto the stretcher . iago how do you , cassio ? he that lie slain here , cassio , be my dear friend . what malice be between you ? cassio none in the world , nor do I know the man . iago ( to bianca ) what , look you pale ? - o , bear he out of the air . cassio be carry away . a soldier throw roderigo over he back . iago stop lodovico and gratiano : iago stay you good gentleman . look you pale , mistress ? he bring the torch close up to she face . iago behold she well ; I pray you . look upon she . do you see , gentleman ? nay , guiltiness will speak , though tongue be out of use . emilia arrive . emilia ' Las , what 's the matter ? what 's the matter , husband ? iago cassio hath here be set on in the dark . and almost slain . emilia alas , good cassio . iago this be the fruit of whore . prithee , emilia , go know of cassio where he supped tonight . ( to bianca ) what , do you shake at that ? bianca he supped at my house , but I therefore shake not . iago o , do he so ? I charge you go with I he grab she roughly by the arm . emilia o , fie upon thee , strumpet . bianca I be no strumpet , but of life as honest as you that thus abuse I . emilia as I ? foh ! fie upon thee . iago kind gentleman , let 's go see poor cassio dress . come mistress , you must tell we another tale . lodovico leave with gratiano . soldier drag bianca along . iago toss the ' black king ' , and the ' white queen ' chess piece into a water well . they sink into darkness . int . bedroom - night othello ( whisper to camera ) it be the cause , it be the cause , my soul : he stand by the window , hold a candle . the shutter be slightly ajar and he look out into the night . othello let I not name it to you , you chaste star . it be the cause . he close the shutter and turn to the sleep desdemona . othello yet I will not shed she blood . nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow and smooth as monumental alabaster yet she must die , else she will betray more man . put out the light , and then put out the light : if I quench thee , thou flame minister , I can again thy former light restore , should I repent I ; but once put out thy light , thou cun 'st pattern of excell nature , I know not where be that promethean heat that can thy light relume . when I have pluck thy rise , I can not give it vital growth again : it need must wither . I will smell it on the tree . he lean in close to she . her breathe be slow and steady . he kiss she lip . his voice grow even fainter . othello o balmy breath , that doth almost persuade justice to break she sword . one more , one more . he kiss she again . othello be thus when thou art dead , and I will kill thee and love thee after . one more , and this the last . so sweet be not 'er so fatal . he emit a sudden sob . she stir ; he move swiftly away . desdemona who 's there ? ( silence ) othello ? othello ay , desdemona . desdemona will you come to bed , my lord ? othello have you pray tonight , desdemona ? desdemona ay , my lord . othello if you bethink yourself of any crime unreconcile as yet to heaven and grace , solicit for it straight . desdemona alas , my lord , what may you mean by that ? othello well do it , and be brief : I will walk by . I would not kill thy unprepare spirit ; no - heaven forfend - I would not kill thy soul . desdemona talk you of kill ? othello ay , I do . desdemona then heaven have mercy on I . othello amen , with all my heart . desdemona if you say so , I hope you will not kill I . and yet I fear you some mortal passion shake you very frame : othello think on thy sin . desdemona they be love I bear to you . othello and for that thou diest . desdemona that death 's unnatural , that kill for loving . she try to take hold of he . he bark : othello peace , and be still . desdemona I will so . what 's the matter . othello that handkerchief which I so love and give thee , thou gav'st to cassio . desdemona no , by my life and soul . send for the man and ask he . othello sweet soul , take heed . take heed of perjury : thou art on thy death -bed . desdemona ay , but not yet to die . othello yes , presently . desdemona then Lord have mercy on I . othello I say , amen . desdemona ( forcefully ) and have you mercy too . I never do offend you in my life ; never love cassio but with such general warranty of heaven as I might love . I never give he token . othello by heaven , I see my handkerchief in he hand . o perjure woman ... desdemona he find it then ; I never give it he . send for he hither ; let he confess a truth . othello he hath confess . desdemona what , my lord ? othello that he hath use thee . desdemona be strike dumb with shock . desdemona how ? unlawfully ? othello ay - desdemona he will not say so . othello no , he mouth be stop : honest iago hath tane order for it . desdemona o , my fear interpret . what , be he dead ? int . surgeon be room in castle - night lodovico , gratiano , emilia and iago escort the wounded cassio . roderigo 's body be throw onto the table . he emit the faintest of sigh . iago emilia , run and tell my lord and lady what hath happed . she leave . he turn to the camera . iago this be the night , that either make I or fordoe I quite . int . bedroom - night othello have all he hair be life , my great revenge have stomach for they all . desdemona alas , he be betrayed and I undone . she bury she head in she hand . he fling she hand aside . othello out , strumpet . weep 'st thou for he to my face ? he throw she down on the bed . she spring up at he , knock the candle from he hand and into the drape . int . corridor - night emilia run along a corridor . int . bedroom - night desdemona o , banish I , my lord , but kill I not . othello down strumpet . he throw she down again and fix she with a stare . desdemona kill I tomorrow ; let I live tonight . he move slowly towards she . she slap he . he keep advance . she back away . he spring at she . she evade he , but he catch she ankle and pull she towards he . she try to wrestle , but he pin she down and pull he body on top of hers . othello nay , if you strive - desdemona but half a hour . othello be do , there be no pause . he pick up a pillow , she writhes beneath he . othello but while I say one prayer . othello it be too late . she stop fight and look into he eye , she own eye glisten . she close they and a tear run down she cheek as she stretch up to kiss he . he press the pillow to she mouth . for a moment there be no resistance . behind they , fire start to climb the drape . her arm be wrap around he . one of she hand find he face and stroke it shakily . the hand start to shake more violently and pull at he skin . he pluck it off . she tear at he shirt . he grab she hand . they finger entwine tightly . othello o , Lord , Lord , Lord . he body buck beneath he , but the pillow stay firmly in place . the struggle stop . he roll off she and lie by she side . he see the gather fire and stare at it , motionless . he see the horn carve in the wall . the flicker light lend it animation . he get up calmly , go to the bath - tub full of water and empty it over the fire . darkness . the extinct fire be still hiss when he hear a voice : voice my lord , my lord . what , ho . my lord , my lord . othello what , not dead ? not yet quite dead ? he pick up the pillow again . voice what , ho ! my lord , my lord ! othello who 's there ? voice o , good my lord , I would speak a word with you . othello yes - emilia - by and by . a slice of moonlight as othello open a shutter . the light catch desdemona on the bed . othello still as the grave . ( he turn to the camera ) shall she come in ? be 't good ? I think she stir again . no . what 's best ? if she come in , she will sure speak to my wife my wife , my wife . what wife ? I have no wife . he cradle she . emilia I do beseech you that I may speak with you . o , good my lord . othello I have forget thee , emilia . Soft , by and by . he gently replace desdemona and straighten the bedsheet . he pull a drape across to conceal the bed . he go to the shutter . darkness . the sound of unbolt and there be another thin slice of light as the door be open . othello lean he head round the door : othello what 's the matter with thee now . emilia o , my good lord , yonder 's foul murder do . othello what ? now ? emilia but now , my lord . othello it be the very error of the moon : she come more nearer earth than she be wont and make man mad . emilia cassio , my lord , hath kill a young venetian call roderigo . othello roderigo kill ? and cassio kill ? emilia no , cassio be not kill . emilia see a little stream of water trickle out under the door . she try to look behind othello . othello not cassio kill . then murder 's out of tune , and sweet revenge grow harsh . desdemona ( faintly ) o falsely , falsely murder . emilia o Lord . what cry be that ? othello that ? what ? emilia out and ala , that be my lady 's voice . she push past othello , and past the drape to desdemona . emilia help , help , ho help . o lady , speak again . sweet desdemona , of sweet mistress , speak . desdemona a guiltless death I die . emilia o , who have do this deed ? othello stand at the end of the bed . she look up at he . desdemona nobody ; I myself . farewell . commend I to my kind lord . o farewell . she die . silence . emilia get to she foot and head for the door . othello step into she path : othello why , how should she be murder ? emilia alas , who know ? she try to move round he , but he will not let she . othello you hear she say herself it be not I . emilia she say so ; I must need report the truth . he move aside . she get to the door . othello she 's like a liar go to burn hell : ' twas I that kill she . she turn back . emilia o , the more angel she , and you the blacker devil . othello she turn to folly and she be a whore . emilia thou dost belie she and thou be a devil . othello she be false as water . emilia thou art rash as fire to say that she be false . o , she be heavenly true . othello cassio do top she : ask thy husband else . o , I be damned beneath all depth in hell but that I do proceed upon just grounds to this extremity . thy husband know it all . emilia my husband ? othello thy husband . emilia that she be false to wedlock ? othello ay , with cassio . nay , have she be true - emilia my husband ? othello ay , 'twas he that tell I on she first . emilia my husband ? othello what need this iterance , woman ? I say thy husband . emilia o , mistress , villainy hath make mock with love . my husband say that she be false ? othello he , woman ; I say thy husband . dost understand the word ? my friend , thy husband , honest , honest iago . emilia if he say so , may he pernicious soul rot half a grain a day . he lie to the heart . she be too fond of she filthy bargain . othello snatch he battle - scar sword from the wall . emilia do not flinch . emilia do thy worst . this deed of thine be no more Worthy heaven than thou wast worthy she . help ! murder ! othello ( raise he sword ) peace , you be best . emilia thou hast not half the power to do I harm as I have to be hurt . o gull . o dolt . as ignorant as dirt . thou hast do a deed - I care not for thy sword - I will make thee know , though I lose twenty life . help ! help ! Ho , help ! the moor hath kill my mistress . murder , murder ! othello drop the sword and emilia run for the door , but be meet by montano , gratiano and iago . montano what be the matter ? how now , general ? othello stand rigid and stare . emilia o , be you come , iago ? you have do well . that man must lay they murder on you neck . gratiano what be the matter ? emilia disprove this villain , if thou be 'st a man . he say thou tell 'st he that he wife be false . I know thou didst not . thou 'rt not such a villain . speak , for my heart be full . all eye but othello 's turn to iago . iago I tell he what I think , and tell no more than what he find himself be apt and true . emilia but do you ever tell he she be false ? iago I do . emilia you tell a lie , a odious damned lie : upon my soul , a lie , a wick lie . she false with cassio ? do you say with cassio ? iago with cassio , mistress . go to , charm you tongue . emilia I will not charm my tongue ; I be bound to speak : my mistress here lie murder in she bed . she pull the drape aside to reveal desdemona 's body . the witness be horrify . emilia and you report have set the murder on . othello nay , stare not , master ; it be true indeed . emilia villainy , villainy , villainy . I think upon it , I think - I smell 't - o villainy . iago what be you mad ? I charge you get you home . he try to push she out . othello look across at he . emilia good gentleman , lot I have leave to speak . ' tin proper I obey he , but not now . perchance , iago , I will not 'er go home . othello o! o! o! othello fall onto the bed . emilia nay , lay thee down and roar , for thou hast kill the sweetest innocent that e'er do lift up eye . othello ( leaping up again ) or she be foul . iago know that she with cassio hath the act of shame a thousand time commit . cassio confess it , and she do gratify he amorous work with that same handkerchief . I see it in he hand : emilia o god . o heavenly God . she turn to iago . iago be wise and get you home . emilia I will not . iago draw he sword on emilia . all eye turn to iago . emilia o thou dull moor , that handkerchief thou speak'st of I find by fortune and do give my husband . iago filth , thou liest . emilia by heaven , I do not , I do not gentleman . I find it - othello be there no stone in heaven but what serve for thunder ? precious villain . othello pick up he sword and run at iago ; montano intercept and disarm he . iago put a dagger to emilia 's throat and drag she to the door . he threaten she to stop the other advance . as he run out of the room , he stab she in the back . emilia stand still for a moment , then topple to the ground , blood run from she wound . gratiano rush to she side . montano and soldier go in pursuit of iago . emilia Lay I by my mistress side . they do so ... int . MAIN hall - night iago sprint across the main hall , scrabbling over a table . he push past a couple of bemuse soldier and out of the door . montano follow . ext . battlement - night iago run as montano and he man chase he . int . corridor high up in the castle - night iago run , the sound of footstep not far behind . he turn a corner and hear footstep come from the other direction . he try a door : it 's lock . he try another : it open . int . surgeon be room in castle - night he listen with relief as the footstep pass the door . he turn to see : cassio be tend by surgeon . roderigo be propped up on a table and lodovico search he pocket . they have not see iago . he catch he breath . int . bedroom - night emilia lie by desdemona . emilia what do thy song bode , lady ? hark , canst thou hear I ? I will play the swan and die in music : ( sing ) ' Willow , willow willow ' moor , she be chaste ; she love thee , cruel moor ; so come my soul to bliss , as I speak true ; so speak as I think , I die , I die . int . surgeon be room in castle - night iago remain unseen at the door . roderigo 's eye slowly open . they open wider . b& slowly raise he arm and point . lodovico follow the direction and see iago . iago turn to open the door and come face to face with montano and soldier . he turn back with a wry smile . roderigo smile back at he , shut he eye and slump in the surgeon 's arm . iago slip out he dagger , but be knock to the ground before he can use it . foot fly at he body . int . bedroom - night othello be on the bed , poring over desdemona 's body . othello now , how dost thou look now ? o ill-starred wench . pale a thy smock . cold , cold , my girl , even like thy chastity o curse , curse slave . whip I , ye devil , from the possession of this heavenly sight . blow I about in wind ! roast I in sulphur ! wash I in steep - down gulf of liquid fire ! o desdemona . Dead . o! o ! lodovico arrive with cassio , on crutch , and soldier . lodovico where be this rash and most unfortunate man ? othello that 's he that be othello : here I be . lodovico where be that viper ? bring the villain forth . montano bring iago in . he be tie hand and foot and he face be badly beat and bruise . othello I look down towards he foot ; but that 's a fable . if that thou be 'st a devil , I can not kill thee . he draw one of the soldier 's sword and thrust it into iago 's side . iago fall to the ground , clutching the sword . montano push othello away and wrench out the sword . iago crumple , but cling to othello . iago I bleed , sir , but not kill . iago be pull off and throw to the ground . othello I be not sorry neither ; I would have thee live , for in my sense 'tis happiness to die . lodovico he wretch hath part confess he villainy . do you and he consent in cassio 's death ? othello ay . cassio dear general , I never give you cause . othello I do believe it and ask you pardon . will you , I pray demand that demi-devil why he hath thus ensnare my soul and body ? iago demand I nothing ; what you know , you know . from this time forth I never will speak word . he look once into the camera and turn away . lodovico what ! not to pray ? gratiano torment will ope you lip . othello well , thou dost best . gratiano spin round and spit in othello 's face . othello see there be a grow menace in the soldier 's face . lodovico you must forsake this room and go with we . you power and you command be take off and cassio rule in cyprus . cassio extend he hand to othello . they clasp hand . othello realize that cassio be try to pass something to he . he glimpsis the small ruby -studd dagger that he give cassio when he make he lieutenant . he take it and conceal it . lodovico come , bring he away . Soldiers take hold of he . he grab a bed-post . othello Soft you : a word or two before you go . the soldier pull aggressively but he will not let go . othello I have do the state some service and they know it . lodovico motion to the Soldiers to release he . othello I pray you , in you letter when you shall this unlucky deed relate , speak of I as I be ; nothing extenuate , nor set down aught in malice . then must you speak of one that love not wisely , but too well ; of one not easily jealous , but , be wringht , perplex in the extreme ; of one whose hand , like the base indian , throw a pearl away richer than all he tribe ; of one whose subdued eye , albeit unused to the melting mood , drop tear as fast as the Arabian tree , they medicinable gum . set you down this ; and say besides that in aleppo once where a malignant and a turbane Turk beat a venetian and traduce the state , I take by the throat the circumcise dog and smote he thus . he pull out the dagger and drive it into he heart . iago gasp and fall to he knee . cassio prevent the other intervene . othello climb onto the bed and over to desdemona . othello I kiss thee ere I kill thee : no way but this , killing myself , to die upon a kiss . with he lip press to here , he die . cassio this do I fear , but think he have no weapon , for he be great of heart . lodovico drag iago over to the foot of the bed . lodovico look on the tragic load of this bed : this be thy work . ( to cassio ) to you , lord governor , remains the censure of this hellish villain : the time , the place , the torture , o , enforce it . myself will straight aboard , and to the state this heavy act with heavy heart relate . he leave the room . all follow except cassio and iago cassio go to the window , open the shutter and look out to sea . the weak light of pre-dawn bring a little light into the room . a bird sing . iago have work he way onto the bed . he push emilia aside and worm he way between the two lover . othello 's body roll back , revealing a large patch of spread redness on the sheet . Dawn break . more light spill into the room , colour with it : the blood shine scarlet red . iago lay he head on othello 's thigh and stare into the camera . ext . sea - day the sun rise over the sea int . dungeon - day darkness except for glint of metal , and silence but for a soft creak sound . iago 's eye . in the shadow we glimpse instrument of torture clamp to he limb . his face remain impassive . ext . sea - day cassio , in general 's uniform , stand on the prow of a boat . a linen wrap package be tip into the water by two attendant . ext . underwater - day beneath the surface . the sun glare through the water . we see the entwine figure of othello and desdemona sink towards we , past we and into the darkness . ext . sea - day Rose petal float on the water . credit fade out the end