out _of Africa screenplay by kurt luedtke adapted from : out of Africa and shadows or , she grass , by isak dinese ; ine y isak dinesen isax dine a : the life of a sto by judith thurman i " silence will speak , '' by errol trzebinski \v — August , eller , eo Columbia picture Zieg : Columbia Plaza 9255 / sunset burbank 515 Les ngexe , . ext / the african plain-day -close on a riverine thicket no music . the thicket be sundapple and still , too green for Africa . the sibilance of the AIR , of running water , unseen . chittering and stirring . suddenly , the flurry of a chase : a sharp scream , small , cut short . a hush . and now , the voice of a old woman .. dry .. precise . her voice I have a farm in Africa , at the foot of the ngong hill . slowly , shot widen . begin MAIN title . eer voice ( cont would ) the equator run across this highland , a hundred mile to the north , and the farm lay at a altitude of over six thousand foot . in the daytime , you feel that you have get high up , near to the sun , but the early morning and evening be limpid and restful , and the night be cold . the thicket be merely a outpost of bush and tree , cling at the river 's edge , beseige by a broad , grassy plain . into view : a lioness , muzzle dark with blood , and now , she black - mane mate . they stare into camera . . dominate it . '' recede as shot widen . her voice ( cont would ) the geographical position and the -height of the land combine to create a landscape that have not its like in all the world . there be no fat on it , and no luxuriance anywhere ; it be Africa distil up through six thousand foot , like the strong and refine essence of a continent . into view : cape buffalo , hostile . . curious giraffe , stock-still . . thomson 's and grant 's gazelle , taut as spring : all be fix on the camera , the lion now lose to sight . shot ( balloon - mounted ) become aerial , continue to widen . title continue . eer voice ( cont would ) the color be dry and burnt , like the color in pottery . upon the grass of the great plain the crooked bare old thorn - tree be scattered , and the grass be spice like thyme and bog-myrtle ; in some place the scent be so strong that it smart in the nostril . ( continued ) -_™ ~ 2 / continued : the plain be a great yellow - green lawn , cropped close by a thousand graze animal . there be zebra , impala , topi , wildebeest . into frame at great distance : '' a open safari car , its noise unheard , ruffling the game in its path . indistinct , the figure of two man , and with they , a woman . her voice ( cont would ) the view be immensely wide . everything that you see make for greatness and freedom and unequalled nobility . the shot be vast and still it widen . . ber voice ( cont would ) in the middle of the day , the air be alive over the land like a flame burn ; it scintillate , wave and shine like run water , mirrore and double all : object , and create great fata morgana . the car , diminish , leave the shot . again the plain be tranquil , man 's pass a irrelevance . the shot be now a panorama , all the world contain by the horizon . above , tower up , cumulonimbus advance . end title . her voice ( cont would ) up in this high air , you breathe easily , draw in a vital assurance and lightness of heart . in the highland , you wake up in the morning and think : here I be , where I ought to be . shot hold : a scene from prehistory , God 's mind before the think of Adam . int / ext/a balconied bedroom at mombasa club -day close on karen dinesen in profile , glisten , slick with sweat . she drink champagne , languidly stroke she face and neck , taste she salt . idle : karen when be it they marry we ? she be 28 , aristocratic , rebellious , sardonic : a romantic protect she heart by act the realist . her intellect be substantial , of little value to a woman of she time , she emotion that of a gift child , unlove . her mask fail to hide she vulnerability : about she always , a sense of yearn that be both appetite and hunger . < I 3 / her Pov -~ prom the balcony to establish mombasa : a ribbon of surf , Fort Jesus loom ~~ over the dhow in the harbor . bror ( 0.s. ) . tomorrow morning . before the train . do you plan to be there ? another angle her damp kimono gape and cling . in a chair beside she , cheerfully naked , bror blixen , 26 , typically at ease , she deerhound at he foot . bear to the swedish purple , he be without guile or guilt , a innocent hedonist unburdene by complexity : there will always be something to ride after . they manner be peculiar : fond , familiar , yet detach . karen - it 's that or home to mother : I will be there . unless you find I . . dull . bror in bed ? hardly . we surely frighten the dog . I have be want to do that . with you for quite some time . karen for truly ? a bror since I be ten , as I remember . you be my older woman . by the time I know how all the part work , you would take up with han . karen I do not believe I know he . bror he do care about you , tanne . karen never . " bror you be try to own he . none of we want that . karen can not we send to the wharf to see about my crate ? that 's all my erystal . all my limoge . '' ( continued ) cc 4 / continued : bror it 's break or it 's rot . ( beat ) be it strange , have be with twin ? karen ( cool ) it lack variety , yes . she step into . the room , look for a cigarette . above the rumple bed , mosquito netting tie in a ball . bror and the dog follow . he will pour wine , sit on a stool . bror ( a grin ) sorry . . karen tell I about the farm . bror you must wait : it 's a surprise . karen tell I something , then . what be the woman like ? ' and do not say you do not know . bror just woman . less stuffy than at home . they shoct well , some of they . karen better than I do ? bror not bird . it will take a bit for you to learn the game . karen I will not nag , but I do not want you involved in anything serious . bror you be the one that 's prone to that . karen no more . if I fall in love with anyone , I will want it to be you . ( beat ) I have talk you into this , have not I ? bror you do say I would be a fool to say no . or be it idiot ? ( continued ) 4a / continued : karen there be other woman with money . bror none I like as well . he take a sponge from - a bowl on the bureau , wet he head . then , casual : bror ( cont would ) han say you want my title . her laughter , rich with candor , then , serious : - karen you have never judge I , have you ? bror often . you want much more than anyone can have -- you may pay for that . but I like you for it . there 's no point in live small . karen no . he slip she gown to she waist , sponge she neck and shoulder . she shudder at the water 's trickle . and with pleasure . karen ( cont would ) I feel like a otter . slippery . bror ( a grin ) and behave like one . he begin to sponge she breast . her eye close : she guide he hand .. 8 ) 's / ext / dense GREEN forest-day Dawn , a light mist rise . from a stand of bamboo , the heavy progress and belly rumblings of a great animal move slowly , feed . a swatch of gray hide , a flash of ivory . deny finch-hatton in bush short with suspender , a old dress shirt without a collar , a feel terai . he be intent , not concerned , all possibility agree to . he be eton and Oxford , the son of a earl , he family 's motto je respondray ( I will answer ) ; about he , a detach delight , a reserve , amused , which hold he at a distance : he accept all thing as they be , be pleased by the absurd , but he fear a obligation ( a limit to he freedom ) the way some man fear a snake . his rifle be a rigby double , unadorn . in the webbing of the small finger of he leave hand , two cartridge : he may fire twice , reload , shoot twice more -- in eight second . he find | it fair that one day , eight second may not be enough . find kanuthia off he right shoulder , small and wild , perpetually silent , without question because the idea of alternative . do not occur . perhaps he be a primitive : he father die not know that iron have become steel , that there be ocean , and white man who believe the land could be possess . there be a clarity to they relationship : in the face of a charge , deny will shoot until the animal be down or they be overrun ; if deny leap aside , or if kanuthia have fle when he turn for he second rifle , the man who run may live . they be not friend : only honor be involved . they have stand together many time . denys' Pov twenty yard to the leave , wasili , a old tracker , wiry , - with a staff , look to deny , shake a pouch : a fine dust drift on the wind -- away from the elephant . on mo 6 / wider deny be very close to the tusker , closer than we know , but the animal be in heavy cover , move away , and he must have a head shot . deny make a SOUND , a low thrumm in he throat . the elephant stop still . a silence . they movement careful , deny and kanuthia circle leave . suddenly , with a great squeal , the elephant crash away through the forest , no shot available . they convene , the native look to deny for judgment . he give he rifle to kanuthia , thrumms , self - deride . wasili hoot ; kanuthia permit a small smile ; deny shrug . they move off after the elephant . int / a opfice -day high-ceilinged , spartan , adobe . Karen in travel clothes , bror in a white suit , stand before a officer in khaki who have help with the name from a small sheet of paper . officer on the authority of his majesty 's 5 government reside in I , I declare that Karen christentze dinesen , a female subject of the kingdom of Denmark , and the honorable bror von blix - pinecke , baron to the king of Sweden , be today and henceforth united as man and wife . God save this company . God save the King . we will have you papers straightaway . he leave the room . as bror turn away , Karen take he sleeve , eye full . . karen thank you for this . bror baroness blix . ext / the OPEN plain -day -very wide the dryland , shimmer in the heat , barely relieved by whistling thorn , wait - a- bit . in the middleground , rhino , and small on the horizon , a move train : two freight car , two flat car , three coaches . loom beyond : kilimanjaro . on a flat car half-loaded with crate of all size . Three man and a boy , 18 , Americans , bang away at the game , ad lib gibe and curse ; they will shoot at anything , at any distance . i \7 : . 7 / another angle lean on a erate , sip warm beer , judgmental , berkeley cl ( Barclay ) cole , 26 , in appearance a boy , small and fair , nearly delicate , he gaze a man' . a whoop : zebra near the track . a fusillade . one zebra a fountain of blood spurt , two red blotches spread along its rib cage . five step and it falter to its knee , recede as the train move on , leave as carrion . the flat car the boy turn away , pleased , offer he rifle . the boy would you like to have a try ? berkeley thank you , no . the boy you first time to Africa ? berkeley live here , actually . i the boy =o you do . really . ( no response ) much trouble with the nigras ? ( beat ) no . the boy we be go for one of everything , but it 's lion we want the most . berkeley they feel much the same about you . henry have you ever shot a lion ? berkeley yes . the boy what sort of heart have they get ? how many shot to put they down ? ( continued ) berkeley it 's just the one , usually . they be quite quick when they come and at the second shot . . usually they have get there by then , they be on you , I mean and then . . well of course then they have win , have not they ? hold on Berkeley , calm , the boy , not . ext / the plain -day deny and wasili on they haunch , intent , grin at they game of small stone , angle adjusting to reveal they meager equipment , the elephant 's bloody - stump tusk , kanuthia , stare down the train track . int / first CLASS coach-day pace wooden bench the length of the car . bror , three other men sit , stand , drink from flask , tin cup , pass among they Karen 's wedding gift : a bolt-action rifle , beautifully machine , stock inlaid . brass -bound gun case open on she lap , Karen sit opposite lord delamere , 43 , a stocky churchill , imperious , hair curling to the shoulder , in each hand a cartridge , one a massive .600 solid -nose , the other a sleek .375 magnum . : delamere there 's a bloody big beast just there ! he think : shall I mash she ?! he come ! pick you gun ! karen the velocity of the magnum -- delamere bless I , she 's read a book ! karen I will be quick with the lighter gun . pirst man brave girl ! shoot for the eye ! * delamere . ( derisive ) shoot for the eye . bror Lord delamere believe in knock thing down . ( continued ) 9 / continued : delamere ( open he shirt ) thing that want to mash you . second man Bell shot a thousand elephant with a two-fifty -six . delamere course he 's dead now . ( to she ) here 's what happen when you do not knock they down . ( he chest be scar ) what do that ? delamere Rhino , damn she . third man Rather old rhino , really : I would have do she with a brick . with bror / two-shot pirst man do not know it 's wise to give they gun -- hard to say just how they will use then . . ( laughter : a male alliance ) wider the train slow , iron shrieking . they be throw about , lunge for the window to see . first man : look here , it 's pinch -hatton ! - there Pov : deny and he native third man ( 0.s. ) what d' you think for the tusk -- ten stone ? . delamere ( 0.s. ) twelve , I would say . as the train pull opposite deny , shudder to a stop : deny be this the train for Edinburgh ? 10 / ext / the train the white pile out , the black in the last two car eran to see . deny and the european ad lib greeting , gather at the ivory . in the b.g. , Berkeley stroll from the flat car , the Americans follow . Karen 's dog dash about . int / the coach karen be he lose ? bror finch -hatton ? hardly . and leave she to see he , Karen finally follow . ext / the train - deny and berkeley , to one side , private , fond of each other . deny we be onto a herd half a day there . some nice old bull . berkeley not up to it , eh ? deny think you would want the practice . you would have the benefit of my experience . . berkeley no , I really mus not . deny can you take this ( the tusk ) along for I , then ? bilea can fetch they from the station . Berkeley nod , see to it as bror come up , Karen trail . bror good shoot , deny ? deny hello , blix . Fair enough . bror here , Karen : another man for you . May I present deny finch-hatton . ( to he ) New wife . buy she in mombasa . 1l/ continued : N deny ( hat off , grin ) be you expensive , madam ? karen I hope to be . and a bargain . deny well say . bror she think you be lose . ( irritate she ) deny ( for she ) well , that 's all relative , be not it ? so perhaps I be . : delamere see here deny : we be have a party at you house -- can you come ? deny sorry , no : time I pay the grocer . there 's a new claret somewhere : bilea will find it for you . the train toot ; all move to board ; deny walk with Karen . karen . you just give they you house ?! deny oh , they give it back , usually . be 's undoing he bracelet , strand of silver wire . karen you hunt be a business then . deny ( curious , mild ) you would rather kill for sport ? karen I do not believe I say that . deny I be not sure they care why we shoot they ; perhaps they do . I shall miss you party : you must take you present now . ( and give it to she ) ( continued ) 12 / continued : karen be it silver ? deny ethiopian . it may give you a memory when you have go home and leave we . karen I will not be go home . deny you have be unhappy there ? karen you presume , pinch -hatton . ( return the bracelet ) and you present 's much too dear . : deny ah . you want thing of no value . take my hat then . or my prospect . she have to laugh . the other , aboard , shout for she . deny ( cont would ) it 's just a bracelet , baroness . it 's mot as though it be . . a book . her glance , shrewd . at the train , he help she board . karen May I have it please ? he hand it up to she ; calm , she put it on . deny May I know why ? karen so we will know I be not afraid of you . he laugh , delighted . the train begin to move . ber Pov deny , receding , still smile , do not wave . int / the coace - night . the man in vary posture of sleep . Travel - wear , Karen try to doze , irritate by the boy who stare at she body . coldly , she stare back , begin to unbutton she damp dress ; undone , the boy feign sleep . 13/14/15 / ext / the plat car - niget moonlit . carry pajamas , she make she way among the crate to find Berkeley on a keg , smoking a pipe . karen mister Cole ? berkeley it 's Barclay , please . : karen — I must get out of this clothes . May I change out here ? berkeley surely . another angle shield by the crate , just head and shoulder show , she step from she clothes and for a moment , stretch to let the air flow over she body , through she hair . with berkeley-moment later as she return in silk pajamas . karen May I sit with you ? berkeley of course . . he feel no need to speak . in time : karen what bring you here ? berkeley ( a long beat ) I s'pose it 's twiga I love best . giraffe ? they be quite awkward , really , but they be such lady you never think to look at they foot so when they move , it 's as though they be not connect to anything a'tall . like great huge flower float on the grass . ( a grin ) sorry . because she 's captivate . in silence , they watch the darkness pass by . ae aw 16 / ext / outside parkland , finch -hatton' house -day kikuyu in european castoff hold horse , mind carriage . a model T chug up , the native wary as the plunging horse . a huge man extricate himself , move ponderously to the lawn party . : on the lawn-moving Buffet table , punch bowl , pink gin on silver trays , silent servant . Children run , two boy fight hard , ignore . a variety of dress : khaki , kilt , caftan , summer dress , every sort of hat and helmet on both sex . fly whisk on some wrist , woman with revolver on they hip , a drink in every hand . about the settler throughout , in costume and set , always the coincidence of luxury and deprivation : batter boot beneath a Paris gown , fine wine in a tin cup , elegance at odd with some shabby detail . two -shot / bror and karen she 's in a fresh dress ; he have not change . karen what do this people do ? bror do as they like , pretty much : they will be we friend , if we have any . settler , most of they . Black sheep like we . , karen can not we go on to the farm ? bror this be for you , tanne : there be _ people travel half a day to come . karen what about my thing ? bror farah 's at the station now . ( move away ) you ought to have a hat . karen ( to he back ) I do not look well in hat . shot : long on a man back turn discreetly , he urinate in the flowerbed . 17 / shot : three women first woman his twin brother throw she over so she 's go and marry bror . she 's get money , poor thing . he 's - run through all of he . . second woman he 's such fun : what a shame if she coops he up . shot : a mix group a man drop ice in a woman 's bodice ; another reach after it . she laugh , do not oppose he . shot : delamere and karen : delamere - . bring up the color in a man , but it 's a hard posting here for the lady . always go home for the rain : keep you sane . shot : bror and two men pirst man you will be stay home now , blix ? second man there 's that american girl you have not get to -- the one with the tooth ? first man ( to the second ) and then you wife , a'course . ( laughter ) shot : karen and a dowager karen I feel I have get so much to do : settling the house . . and bror 's never be good with the servant . dowager you man parah 's a bit cheeky for my taste . karen I have not see he yet . what do one do about discipline ? dowager we be not suppose to strike they ; the D.C. get all upset . I clout they anyway , just as I would my child . '' 18 / . shot : two men on horseback drifting through the party , play croquet with polo mallet . one horse bump a woman : she give it a stiff elbow , chat on . shot : a' vivacious woman with a eye patch , she face scar by claw . : shot : karen and bror in a mix group karen and he just leave you the house ? a woman he 's awfully decent , deny , but we do abuse he . it will be better now we have get a club . karen ( to bror ) you do not say there be a club . bror - New last month . we do not allow the government type : they have get a club ef they own . karen how strange there would be club out here . a man Sun never set on the british club . two englishmen and a bottle and there you be : backbone of the Empire . another man be there something we can call you that get we round this " baroness " ? ( cool ) I be sure there must be . shot : a young woman with a man twice she age , talk covertly , assignation in . the air . shot : on karen dripping in the sun , feel the heat . 19 / shot : bror and karen privately -later , bror it will not pay , be grand here , . tanne . karen I want to see my house . bror when farah come . unless you do not care about you crate anymore . shot : karen at the punch BOWL -later late afternoon . she 's want , exhaust , momentarily alone . a girl , 14 , felicity , blond , with the promise of be a stunner , a revolver on she hip , pick over the hor a'oeuvre , dip herself champagne . pelicity you ought to have a hat . karen you do not have one . felicity use to it , I guess . I be felicity . d' you want I to call you baroness ? karen what do you call Lord delamere ? pelicity D. that 's what everybody call he . karen be you allow champagne , felicity ? felicity do not much care for gin . karen you be not too young ? pelicity not for whisky . I be go to marry deny but I have to be eighteen for that . what a bore . d' you know idina ? who be idina ? felicity Lady sackville . the woman with bror . i '' 20 / karen' Pov . across the lawn , bror and a laugh , full - body woman , idina , they manner familiar . bror and idina -moment later bror . so they be both of they naked and not a shrub in sight -- . a man come give we a hand , will you blix ? just sun , I think , but you wife 's go faint . int / denys' study -day -close on fara turbane , stiff on a camel saddle stool , inscrutable , wait . he be somali , that race hamitic : pharaoh 's son in blackface .'0.S. , the mute noise of the party . he stand . another angle because Karen , lie on a couch , a cool cloth on she forehead , be stir , sit up , slow to wake . farah msabu . I be farah ade . we can go now . and abruptly depart . Karen look about . a great number of book , native art , a huge elephant tusk , a half dozen hat , memorabilia of public school day , a litter desk , some sheet music , a dehydrated orange , a gun cabinet with a dozen rifle and shotgun . as she move to the door , she pause a moment to look at photograph of two woman , leave the room . . ext / approaching the farm -night two ox - wagon load with she baggage move ponderously in the night , native driver silent , farah on one wagon box , Karen doze on the other , bror on horseback . another angle as they turn up the drive to the house , a substantial stone bungalow , the grounds wild about it . prom boma off -screen , the kikuyu begin to gather , the child run , laugh , fall silent when they be near . bror hello the house ! and Karen wake . vy 21 / at , the house a few lantern and a white man , belknap , push through the crowd . as he help she down , bror speak sharply in swahili : from the throng , a rag " jambo , memsaab .* bror this be belknap , Karen : he run the farm , parah the house . '' belknap good evening , mar 'am . . karen you be american , then . belknap yes , mar 'am . karen you have get experience with a dairy , mister belknap ? belknap ( puzzle , a look to bror ) | bo , mar 'am . bror - and this be esa : not a bad cook as they go out here . qld and grizzle , esa bow ; Karen say just : " esa . " bror and this one 's juma . houseboy , but he will do whatever . juma , young and anxious , in a fez , manage a gentle " jambo , memsaab " ; she " hello , juma '' be warm . bror and here 's you house . hold on karen , look not at the house but gravely into the face of the kikuyu around she , some of they child . int / the live room - niget two kerosene lamp , and two more hold by bror and farah , the shadow strong , but there be a fireplace , and the sense that it be clean and solid , but nearly empty , furnish just with bror 's necessity . a antipathy between farah and the dog . ( continued ) ' 22 / a . continued : : bror the dining room there , and the bedroom to the rear . and there 's a fine verandah off the draw room . karen the kitchen ? bror outside . to cool the house . ( beat ) it 's quite nice , tanne . for Africa . ( firmly ) I like it very much . I be go to be happy here . . . bror ( gently ) I do hope so . . and I have save you one surprise . '. int / the bathroom -niget & kerosene-lit . giddy with wine , Karen luxuriate in she bath ( ~ . oewhich be not afroth with bubbles . on a camp stool , bror drink with she . bror : you would best watch you dog with farah . karen do they eat they ?! bror not parah : he 's Muslim . they will not even touch a dog .. do you like you party ? karen they do not care much for woman here . bror that 's far from true . karen as people , I mean . I suppose we be not very useful here , really .. if you leave I , I be go to marry Barclay Cole . for bror ~o _ yes . . delamere ? ( continued ) ~ 23 / continued : karen if you like napoleon . Lord delamere 's a century off . . bror pinch-hatton ? karen be hunt for he money , but he give I a silver bracelet as if it be twine . bror . no. his father 's a earl . Earl of winchelsea . karen he say - no , he do not . . you have not ask what I think of idina . bror no. ( and smile ) int / dine room-later thick candle on a bare table . she 's clean , without makeup , in short , a man 's shirt . they eat , juma fix at the wall . karen you have faith in belknap ? bror he 's sound enough . karen I be not sure it be wise , take on someone who do not know cattle . bror I do not buy cattle . we be go to grow coffee instead . moment . stun , she wait , then , cool : karen that 's not what we plan . bror you be in Denmark . I have to decide . for karen ; we would make a decision . ( no response ) we do not know anything about coffee . {continued ) 24 / continued : bror you plant it , it grow . karen we say we would do a dairy . my family put they money for a-- bror you family do not care whether it 's cow or coffee as long as it pay . you have get to be with a herd or thing go wrong . I do not come here to sit with the bloody thing .- ( shrug ) just tell they I change my mind . karen the next time you change you mind , do it with you money ! bror they buy you a title , baronessa cothey do not buy I . moment . idly , Karen touch the candle flame with she finger , lick it . then : karen juma ? go fetch some wine . . ( he 's off ) : for my lover 's brother . bror look at she , very cold , wipe he mouth . * bror I think you be tired , Karen . he leave the table , pass by she . karen do I tell you han come to say goodbye ? he grab she hair close to she head , yank she to she foot . bror ( close , in swedish ) some day you will go too far . he shove she away , knock she into the table . she come at he with the candle , wax drip . he knock it away , swearing , bat at he pants . a furious look between they , dominance at issue . {continued ) 's vc 4 25 / continued : slow , he come for she -- but she might spring at he ! in a flash , he have she , kiss she brutally -- and she kiss he back ! try to match he strength : but for she size , she would 's force he to the floor . they break , gleam with sexual combat , utterly equal . he grab at the waistband of she short ; she strike he in the face with she fist . a moment . they be apart ; he might kill she now -- and she be not afraid . contemptuously slow , she take off she short , throw they away . she push past he to the door , pull off she shirt , bror follow , past juma , return with decant wine . undismiss , juma rights she glass , be pour when , 0.s. , a dull thud , a beat , and she small yelp , hurt and passion indistinguishable . juma do not spill a drop . ext / the house -day kikuyu child play , farah direct the unload of the wagon . Karen come onto the terrace , sip tea . work stop . uneasy , farah come to she . karen where be Baron blix ? farah he be go to hunt , msabu . by samburu . karen when will he be back ? farah he say he can come before the rain . she look at the clear sky , so farah do , too . karen be it go to rain today ? farae it can be many day before the rain , msabu . a flicker of fear . she sip she tea . ext / the coffee fields~day in the b.g. , kikuyu fall tree , clear forest , they voice carrying clear . with she horse , Karen walk with belknap past row of seedling , the native stare as they pass . ( continued ) ci 26 / continued : belknap oc maybe a hundred ton . depend . . karen depend on what ? belknap depend on Africa , miz blix . karen when do we harvest ? belknap this be seedling : it 's a couple year anyway . what season they will bear in ? ( shrug ) nobody 's ever plant coffee this high . karen just where do the money come from meantime ?. belknap if you be not get it , be good if you tell I now . she can not believe what bror 's do . but now she laugh . . do you write to you mother , mister belknap ? . belknap no , mar 'am . and watch she , puzzle , as she mount . ext / the house-day-wide kikuyu with scythes be levelling the tall grass . Karen 's gesture be wide : it 's a large lawn that 's want . farah be patient . ext/a creek bed-day there 's a narrow stream , but the converge wash be dry . for reason unfathomable to farah , Karen want the main stream damme to divert the flow up the wash to pond ; he know only that water have always flow down the wash . her deerhound 's hostility have give way to curiosity , but farah be implacable . -~© 27 / int / drawing room-day half-furnished . Karen put book on a shelf ; farah and juma be in conference at a crate they be unpack . parah ( hold out a book ) msabu ? what people be this ? a color plate in a medical book : a schematic draw of a man- norgan , muscle , vein in bright color . karen that be how all people be inside . ( tap juma 's chest ) in here . grave , farah and juma look down at themselves , to she , to each other , fail to believe they innard be yellow ; blue and green . . int / dine room-day Karen put white glove on juma , button they for he . he hold he hand as though he wrist be break . ext / the house -day -on farab watch Karen plant a flower bed in the b.g. he pick up a wildflower lopped off in the scything of the lawn , ponder the way of he mistress . int / dine room -night she 's alone with she dinner , read by a kerosene lamp . as juma clear , a plate slip from he hand ; he look helplessly at he glove . close -dozen of cartridge case on the ground the heap increase as she pire ( 0.s. ) . her small grunt ( o.s. ) each time the rifle batter she shoulder . int / her bedroom -niget in pajama bottom , put on the top , wince , gingerly touch she shoulder , a mass of blue and yellow bruise . she get into bed to read , pull bror 's pillow beside she , study he side of the bed , empty , pick up she book . int / drawing room-day fully furnish now , open to the terrace . a small boy , very solemn , wait just inside the door , gaze at a cuckoo elock . in time , at the quarter-hour , a cuckoo . the boy wait , bob , depart , very grave . 28 / ext / the house -day-wide first light , misty and still . Karen ride away from the house . ext / the wild country-a series of shot to show the game as she ride , suggest the eden which kenya then be . today , the abundance be go but the variety remain : fifteen minute from the nairobi airport be a reserve inhabit by lion , cheetah , rhino , elephant , giraffe , eland , waterbuck , hippo , warthog , wildebeest , baboon , kongoni , zebra , impala , bushbuck , crocodile , ostrich , thomson 's and grant 's gazelle . to be include : the sense of a kill ground -- tear earth dark with blood , scattered bone , the remain of a carcass - - a feel of Africa , not bambi . and Karen , not commune with nature but tense , alert . - ext/a hillside -day Karen sit elbow to knee , scan the plain below with binocular . her horse , ground - tie , browse a distance away , she rifle in its scabbard . the horse whicker ; she ignore - it . a lioness thirty yard away , come through the grass , stealthy . the horse whinnie , bolt a few yard , turn to look . she look to the horse , then opposite . the lioness , closer , stock -still , . stare at she . she 's terrify , freeze : any second she will try to run . now , a absolute order , flat , dead calm : deny ( 0.s. ) sit very still , please , I would rather not shoot she . he be behind she , rifle casually ready , kanuthia at hand . deny ( cont would ) you be quite safe : I will take - she if I have to . concentrate . the lioness move toward she , stop . his rifle come ready . deny ( cont would ) she will not like the smell of you . . do you sing ? ( continued ) can Mt 29 / continued : karen ( unsteady ) not just at the moment . deny Barclay and I be in need of a soprano . the lioness turn away , dog -trot into the grass , vanish . tremble , she get to she foot , fight for composure , nearly succeed ; they will walk to she horse . karen good morning , pinch -hatton . I be quite - glad to see you . deny baroness . that be nicely do . karen how much closer do you think you would let she come ? deny a bit . she want to see if you would run : that 's how they decide . much like people that way . karen . if you would be wrong . . deny I would have have to kill she . karen suppose you miss . . deny very embarrassing . as they walk , he fire twice . deny ( cont would ) por Barclay . we stop at you house and then come look . 0.s. , distant , two answering shot . at her horse deny expertly check she rifle , sheathes it . ( continued ) 30 / — ~e continued : '' deny you will want to keep that handy : you horse be a very bad shot . he give she a leg up , tap she boot . deny ( cont would ) they be the devil to walk in if you be throw . karen I do not get throw , finch -hatton . deny not ever . . remarkable .. you would not rather call I deny ? moment . she look down at he , grave . karen I do not think so . ext / the terrace -day the lawn broad about they , flowerbed beginning to bloom . deny survey it ; Berkeley and Karen sit ; all have tea . deny a bit like Surrey , be not it ? ( to she , truly curious ) do you like to change thing ? karen for the better , I hope . deny perhaps it 's just to make you mark . like the canine leave scent to show they territory . karen how lovely , pinch -hatton . ( to Berkeley ) he 's say I be a puppy , squirting on the shrub ! : berkeley too long in the bush , I would say . deny have you ever think about be a woman , Barclay ? ww berkeley no , deny . I have not . ( continued ) y continued : deny I have not either . ( they laugh ) do you know that in all the literature there be no poem celebrate the. foot . lip , hair , eye , hand , neck , arm , breast , hip , leg , even knee . not one verse for the foot . why do you think that be ? karen priority , I suppose . do you think you would write one ? deny it walk in beauty , like the night / thine alabaster . . foot . ( they laugh ) the problem be , there 's nothing to vhyme it with . karen put . deny not a noun . karen do not have to be : along he come , and he do put / upon my farm , he clumsy foot . ( laughter , then : ) I be wait for you to tell Barclay what a fool I a . deny {to Berkeley ) she have a lion a bit interested . ( to she ) : no , you be entitle to take a chance as long as you be the only one who will pay . Africa 's very fair about that . would not you say , Barclay ? berkeley perhaps . it really sound more like you . ( laughter ) 31 / a lull , a bit awkward . deny find a orange in he jacket , peel it . karen where be you go ? ( continued ) 32 / continued : deny ( to Berkeley ) where be we go ? berkeley I believe you say we ought to look in on Karen . deny yes . so we be where we be go . karen . ( a beat ) bror 's off hunt . . they know that , and why : the whole colony do . deny . be he . a long moment , expectant . in time , dry : karen would you like to stay for dinner , by any chance ? : deny oh , I do not know . she do not sing , Barclay . can you tell a story ? karen — I happen to be very good at storey . deny I believe that . ( erisect the orange ) I think what we should do be take we chair out to this fine lawn .. and eat some orange ( give it to they ) and see what happen . have you get champagne ? a series of shot under the clear voice of deny and Berkeley , singing bandel . '' - wide on the lawn , in late afternoon , the three of they in conversation , deny pace . juma stride from the house with yet another bottle . --in the coffee field at sunset , the three figure small , surveying . ( continued ) ch a 33 / continued : --at dinner . Karen 's in a gown , deny in a burnoose , Berkeley in short and bror 's dinner jacket , too large . the table 's elegant , she best thing ; both parah and juma serve while esa fuss at the door . deny and juma joke over juma 's glove . Karen watch deny , contemplative . -- before the FIRE . Karen 's on the floor in pajamas , tell a story , both man intent on she . '' -later . floor pillow and brandy . just one voice now . Berkeley 's eye be for Karen but hers be for deny , stand almost formally at the mantel , singing . ext / the house -day Dawn , the sky just pink . deny and Berkeley in bush clothes , bleary , ready to ride . Berkeley 's mount . to he : karen I want you to come often . berkeley I should like that very much . he lean from the saddle to kiss she hand . she walk deny to he horse . deny you will want to see this country . karen — I will make bror take I deny ( a beat ; intimate : ) will you be all right ? she nod . he might kiss she now , at least she cheek , but : karen Goodbye , finch -hatton . they ride down the drive , kanuthia lope alongside , turn to wave . . there Pov Karen , small on the terrace , turn away . 33a/ ext / the native area -day Karen walk briskly with she dog among the boma , the kikuyu watch . come toward she , a boy of twelve , ( kamante ) , drive goat , hobbling on a crude crutch , ugly sore on he leg . he stare at she as they pass , he gaze adult , unafraid . spontaneously , she stop to call after he : " you there . '' his face be angular , ' like a cat 's ; he seem ' both frail , wise as the elder . she kneel to look at he leg , stand . karen you leg be very sick . ( no response ) tomorrow , you must come to the house for medicine . . ( no response ) a small crowd gather around they , deeply interested . karen ( cont would ) if , you do not come , the other boy will say you be afraid . ( he could care ) I myself will only think that you be foolish . ( that be another matter ) tell I you name . kamante kamante . ( continued ) 4 34 / continued : karen ( to all ) this boy kamante must come to the house tomorrow . see to it . int / dine room -night alone , bored with she book , drink wine , pick at she food , juma at the wall . in time : karen parah ! ( when he appear ) we will go to town tomorrow . farah yes , msabu . ( then ) msabu ? can you go again where there be lion ? karen yes . his sigh heavy with disapproval . ext / the terrace -day Dawn '' still gray , and kamante , stork - legge , too early , alone . . int / her bedroom-day at she dress table , try she shirt with and without a scarf . ext / the terrace --later parah wait with a mule wagon . she 's forget kamante , who wait with a clutch of that who have come to see . karen I have to go to town today . you must come back tomorrow . as she move to the wagon , kamante darken . kamante memsaab . ( on she turn ) you say I be foolish not to come . so I have come . ( continued ) 35 / continued : a bold speech : the other be grave . she study he . karen you be impertinent . but you have a point . parah ? minute later she have cotton , alcohol , bandage . the leg be ugly . this will hurt . once , he eye flicker , nothing more . she notice . int / muthaiga club lobby-day she look around for someone who might answer a question but there 's no one . hesitant , she step through the mark doorway to the men' bar . int / men' bar shabby . military plaque , artillery shell , trophy head . a number of man at the bar and some sit , include the huge man , in what be obviously he chair , read a paper . several stare , fall silent as she enter . . karen Excuse I ? could someone tell I where I get my mail ?. huge man Joseph ! a black major- domo come from the end of the bar , say memsaab , do not touch she but indicate the door , firmly accompany she out . no one 's say a word to she . the man shake they head , resume . int / lady lounge-later woman , a few man , in two 's and three 's ; waiter bring tea , drink . only Karen sit alone ; she have a stack of mail but would rather someone speak to she . prom the men' bar , convivial noise ( 0.s . ) idina , two woman look she way as they leave , murmur . idina come to stand over she . idina you be baroness blix . ( continued ) 35a / karen . yes ? idina do tell bror we miss he in town . karen he 's be hunt . idina so I be tell . do tell he , will you ? karen and you be idina . idina or Lady sackville . if you be fond of title . good day . she return to she titillate friend . hold on karen , humiliate . ext / moving with the wagon -day sundown . Karen and farah on the wagon box . she 's bleak . ( continued ) 36 / continued : para - the rain come soon , msabu . she study he , think : my only friend be black , a servant . and I do not know he . the SOUND of rain ( v.0 . ) . int / drawing room-day Karen write a letter , the rain heavy on the roof ( 0.s. ) and now a banging ( 0.s. ) at the front door . she go . parah 's open the door to a half - naked kikuyu , drench . kikuyu bwana blix come . in the forest . parah look to Karen , apprehensive . int / live room-later she 's in boot , a poncho , take she rifle from the gun cabinet , cartridge from a drawer below . farah msabu -- she brushes past he . ext / the forest-day Karen trudge in the rain , rifle ' sling muzzle - down . ext/a two - track in the forest -day Dark , very wet . bror , mount , tired , trail by a mule wagon , scattered bearer , a sorry bunch . bror's Pov well ahead , stand across the two -track , frame by dense wet forest , Karen , soak , rifle at she waist . new angle as he reach she . she stare up , wipe she face . bror hello , tanne . karen I want you to come home . he dismount , take she gun , lead he horse , he arm around she shoulder . int / her bedroom -niget the SOUND of rain ( 0.s. ) . close on she body in horizontal profile , damp , mottle by light and shadow from a low kerosene lamp , tracking calf , thigh , hip and waist to bold on she breast , strain upward . into frame : bror 's head move to she breast , she hand urgent in he hair . 37 / int / dine room-day after breakfast . 0.s. , a swahili babble . karen mother say she will make we a loan until we have get a crop . : bror . I must write to thank she . be you make friend ? karen the farm 's a struggle , you know : every time I turn my back , it want to go wild again . bror why do you dam the brook ? karen so we would have a pond . you could be a help . ( to parah , enter ) what 's all that racket ? - farae ( shake he head ) kikuyu . they want to be sick now . ext / the terrace -day inspire by kamante , a dozen native wait to present they aches and pain . a woman with a baby , its eye swollen and crust , second in line . bror do not start up with this , Karen : once they have get hold of you , they do not let go . but already , ignore the first man , she be examine the baby . . karen parah ? he look to bror , who shrug . a sigh , then parah 's yes , msabu as he turn into the house for she medicine . 38 / continued : ext / the coffee field -day with belknap , inspect the seedling . Karen 's curious , question ; bror 's bored . ext/a marsh-day-wide sundown . it 's pastoral , stand water ringed by hummock , beautiful in the die light , no life visible but the duck return home , calling . suddenly , bror and Karen stand into sight , shoot right and leave : duck plummet into the water . a native boy plunge in to fetch they . int / muthaiga club dine room - niget Karen eat with Lord delamere and he wife . bror return to the table ; she smile at he , touch he wrist as the conversation continue . ext / river ravine -day above a chute of water , a lioness watch two cub experiment with the river . pan down the chute to pind clothes , a picnic on a rock , bror 's rifle , finally bror and Karen , lazing in the pool below the fall . int / drawing room -niget Karen work over the farm 's book at she desk . a fond smile for bror as he bring she a brandy , return to he read . ext / the terrace -day Medical hour . she unwrap kamante 's bandage to find the leg be worse , ulcerate and ugly . she sigh , defeat . karen I have fail you . this leg be very sick . it should go to the hospital . kamante . this leg may be foolish . it may think net to go to the hospital . karen this leg will do as it please . if it want to be eat up by worm , that be not for I to say . but if you will take this leg to the hospital , and keep it there until it be strong , I will think that you be wise and have do a good thing . such a wise man as that I would want to work in my house , for wage . ( continued ) 39 / continued : kamante how much wage would come to such a wise man as that ? . karen more wage than come of tend goat . kamante ( consider this ) I will speak to this leg . ext / muthaiga club-day -wide a gteat commotion : man arrive on horseback , riding hard , some in old uniform , all heavily armed ; one rider have a pennant on a lance . many horse , wagon , a few motorcar , already there . a exchange between two rider : first rider what the devil 's go on ? second rider it 's war , by God ! int / men' bar-day the man silent , drink in hand , listen to delamere stand on a bench . delamere there 's a german regiment in dar , word of another in Zanzibar . we expect they will move north at once , before we troops can reach we . my plan 's this : take as many as want to come and recce along the border . send word back by runner as they move : when the regular army 's get here , we will attach to they as intelligence . we know the bush , they do not : and with luck , we will take they to the hun . a man do you plan to engage they , d? delamere we have not strength enough for that . ( a grin ) but we might find a way to irritate they a bit . ( laughter , bold cry ) ( continued ) 40 / . continued : another man how - long be this ? I have get crop come in . delamere we be all that way . we be not . enlist : the farm come first . we will each have to stay and go as we must . : another man we could arm the masai . Point them south . delamere and pray they will confine themselves to Germans ? I do not think so . we be - all white to they . when this war 's do , I do not want the job collect masai rifle . about which there be much agreement . int / dine room - night bror and Karen in the midst of gear , include much ammunition , which they be pack in safari box . farah come and go with more . . karen | you do not have to go -- you want to . bror we have a obligation , do not we ? ' karen I be not so fond of the Empire I would have you shot for it . bror . we be gather intelligence for the army , that 's all . karen delamere will fight first chance . bror I will tell he you say not to . ( then ) the farm will take care of itself -- you have get belknap . ( continued ) 41 / continued : karen the farm do not take care of itself -- I take care of it . and that 's mot the point . I do not expect to like you so much . bror - ( a grin ) you be not go to go fall in love ? karen not with someone who 's always leave . ext / outside the house -day Dawn . delamere , other white man , moint , with pack mule , a few native . bror sheathes he rifle . delamere you will tend the home fire , Karen ? karen I have not decide yet . delamere laugh . bror go to she . bror I will try not to be long . ( she kiss he cheek ) that 's a fine kiss goodbye . karen I be better at hello . he laugh , mount ; they move off . she watch they go , again alone . ext / the hospital -day the rough garden of a low white - wash building . Karen be turn kamante over to a nun , whose costume he study . Karen touch hin as she leave ; he hobble away with the nun , turn to stare after she . int / drawing room-day Karen 's at she desk , work on she account . at the terrace door , the cuckoo clock Boy with another he age and a younger child . they edge into the room ; she notice , let they come . farah enter with a strong - eye youth ( ismail ) , beautiful and brave . ( continued ) 42 / continued : farah msabu . this somali be call Ismail . when you go into the forest , he can bring you rifle . . karen '' I do not need he to bring my rifle . parae it may be so , msabu . but he can bring you rifle . the three child wait beneath the clock . karen how much be we pay for this service which I do not need ? parae five rupee , msabu . karen that 's too much . farae it may be so , msabu . ( beat ) if sometime you be tear in piece and this somali be not dead also , he must always be go from this place for the fear that I can kill he . so I think it be not too much . karen : ' perhaps not . very well , Ismail . the clock cuckooe ; the child stare . as they leave , the first Boy bow gravely , say " asante , memsaab " and the youngest child , drag by the hand , turn back to pipe : '' asante , memsaab .° ext / the house -day Riding up , felicity , a gut gazelle across she pommel . the coltish assurance of a year ago have give way to a fragile bravado betrayed by awkwardness : she be both child and young woman , transitional . she shout '' hello the house , '' dismount , wrestle the carcass from she saddle . juma come , Karen follow . felicity give he a terse swahili order : he will take the gazelle around back . karen bello , felicity . felicity think you might want some meat . ( continued ) 43 / continued : karen that 's kind of you . felicity ( shrug ) shot it on you land . ( beat ) I have get time for a drink , I guess . ext / the terrace -later felicity ,77 I track they to magadi : we have a splendid row . they logic 's not worth bean . karen you be a bit young for war . felicity they take the boy : they be proud of they . I know they would send I back : I just do it to watch the fuss . karen do you . still plan to marry pinch-hatton ? . pelicity do not know he would have I , do I ? the thing about deny be , . I think he would let I be . I would like to run my own show . the way you do . karen be that what I do ? felicity you do not seem to need we much . and all this be yours , be not it ? I think bror just -- Baron blix , sorry -- I think he be always hunt . karen for something or other . pelicity ( a awkard pause ) can I ask you something ? karen try and we will see . ( continued ) ( continued : 43a / pelicity this intercourse business -- be it awful ? karen no . you may find you enjoy it . but that 's not yet . ( continued ) 44 / continued : felicity I do not think my mother do . karen mine do not , either . felicity but you do ? > karen ( have to laugh ) yes , I rather do . felicity perhaps it will be all right then . ( beat ) ' they want to send I home to school next year : mother say I be grow up wild . what do you think ? karen it 's worth do . the world be larger than Africa : you ought to see it . but you will want to come back , I think . pelicity do not know I would fit in there . it sound quite fancy . karen try to learn something useful : they would not do that for I . then you can stand alone . if you care to . felicity d' you like be alone ? karen ( a long beat , then , direct : ) no. and stand to end it , walk she to she horse . felicity infer the reprimand . at she horse : felicity baroness ? I do not mean to pry . I have get nobody who will be direct with I . karen ( awkward herself ) then you would best call I Karen . a moment . felicity start to mount , turn back to Karen , lip tremble , eye full . ( continued ) 45 / continued : felicity I do not know what they want ! moment . remember another girl , she touch felicity 's temple , then with a finger sketches she eyebrow , nose and lip , tilt up she chin . with deep feel : karen then to hell with they all . a moment , and they laugh . int / drawing room-day Karen confront a young officer , he hat in hand . karen it 's internment , that 's what it be ! officer you will be safe in town ; we can not protect you here . karen . . do you think the Germans want to grow coffee ?! officer with we man go , it 's the native element concern we . karen ah . they do not love we after all ! officer I be order to move woman and they child off the farm . karen I be a danish subject , Lieutenant . ofpicer woman and child , baroness . karen be that one category , or two ? officer I have also get a message from you husband . he want you to send someone reliable with a wagon ; they need paraffin and tin food . karen where would my husband like this wagon send ? ( continued ) { ( ~ 46 / continued : officer they're on the border . North of Lake natron . ( beat ) we will come for you in two day then . ( a grin ) and I be a captain , madam . a smart salute and he 's go . Karen seethes , then : karen parah ade !! ext / the OPEN plain -day a freight wagon pull by four span of oxen . farah , juma , Ismail and three kikuyu walk , ride on the wagon , drive two spare oxen . pan ahead to find karen , mount , lead this sojourn herself . she 's sweat , swiping at the fly . ext/a dry stream bed-day eye roll , flank heaving , the great oxen lunge , stumble in the span , struggle for purchase to haul the wagon up the crumble bank ; around they , the native shout , use they whip . : . . Karen watch , she heart with the oxen . ext / camp-day sundown . Karen sit in a camp chair , exhaust ; farah bring she food . in the b.g. , she small tent . int / the tent-later she tie the door flap , dubious of the protection it offer , put she rifle by she cot , start to undress , do not , flop down . ext / the OPEN plain-day -wide . the ox train against the afternoon sun . pan to find Ismail and juma , and Karen , sit , elbow brace on knee to steady she rifle . a herd of thomson 's gazelle browse at distance . Ismail 's optimistic : he knife be draw ; juma be doubtful . zoom in on a Tommy .. the crack ( 0.s. ) of she rifle ; the Tommy bound , drop dead . Ismail whoops off to the gazelle . Karen jack the case from she rifle , hand the gun to juma . ext / the night sky 47 / tilt down to find Karen lie on she back , drink tea . 0.s. , two kikuyu croon to calm the oxen . she grin . karen you never eat meat that have not be . ble ? parah the book of Allah forbid it . karen it be also forbidden for man to wear silk , but I have see you do it . parae ( consider this ) well , msabu -- it be only a book . farah ( cont would ) a foolish kikuyu have tell I this : in white country , a man do not pay to take a wife . karen this kikuyu know more than you . farah this kikuyu have even say that a father can pay rupee to a man who take he daughter . karen what 's wrong with that ? parah msabu : this be very ugly daughter if a father can pay to be rid of then . the logic plain , the point close to home . juma speak to farah in swahili ; parah agree . karen what be you say ? farah juma say this sky at this place be like the bottom of the sea . karen what do juma know about the bottom of the sea ? ( continued ) 48 / continued : farah - it be a common thing , msabu , to sleep at night and think about the sea . british do not do this ? karen . even british . it 's call dream . parae we do this also . the cough of a lion , 0.s. , near . she sit bolt upright . parah ( cont would ) '' simba . ext / the OPEN plain ~day noon camp . Karen 's under a makeshift shelter , eat lunch . farah stare at the horizon . . Far off , a intermittent glint of sun on metal . later dismantle the shelter , farah look again at the horizon , speak sharply to Ismail , who go to the wagon for Karen 's rifle . Karen shade she eye to look . karen what be it ? ( no response ) ' later very quiet . all watch the horizon . one kikuyu lean on the back of a ox . Karen 's stand on the wagon box to see , look down at farah . he 's bleak . farah masai . telephoto pull together by the long lens , appear to run on water , a half dozen masai , young warrior , lope easily along , naked , slim spear shine in the sun . noon camp - quick cut -- Karen , finger she rifle , Ismail with she shotgun . -- a kikuyu , nostril flare , scent the wind . -- juma , in the shade of the wagon with a panga ( machete ) . -- a kikuyu , wiping the oxen 's muzzle with water , stare . 49 / the masai wildest of the wild , carry huge shield like feather , penise tie to thigh with thongs . some of the warrior bleed lightly from thorn scratch . another angle the camp in the f£.g . the masai cross no more than fifty yard ahead , hewing to they crow - fly line of march . karen' Pov the masai look at the camp as they pass , they manner bold , indifferent . one yip .a wild sound . . the camp relaxes . Karen watch the masai go , curious . ext / camp -niget moving around the fire : one by one , the six black , eat , joke in swahili . and the baroness von blix , face greasy with the meat , squatting like a native on she heel . later . all but the nightwatch asleep around the fire , include Karen , she tent forget . the lion roar ( 0.s. ) . Karen mutter " bloody hell , '' roll over . angle adjust to find parah , vigilant , watch over she . ext / the OPEN plain -day the wagon , move again . angle adjust to find lions at a slow trot parallel the wagon . be they follow ? ext / camp -night-wide a low corral of thorn bush contain the restless oxen . to one side , a low fire , sleep form . a kikuyu move round the corral with a lantern . in a flash , a lion move through foreground , then it 's still . at the FIRE Karen , other , asleep . now , 0.s. , the horrible bawl of a injure ox . a explosion of action as all run for the wagon and corrall , Karen shout for Ismail , cursing . at the wagon Karen tear into it , look for she rifle . the oxen make a terrible noise ( 0.s. ) as she snatch a stock whip , run for the corral . : 50 / with karen tearing at the thorn bush to get into the corral . thorns rip at she clothes , arm , face . the snarl of the lion ( 0.s. ) . in the corral a lion flee , jump the corral ; another 's battle a ox . Ismail 's behind Karen now , try to give she the rifle , but too late : Karen 's at the lion with the whip . it whirl , may come for she , but she 's attack : crack ! crack ! crack ! and Ismail , beside himself , run at the lion , swinging the rifle like a club . the lion swipe at he , leap gracefully eut ef the corral . Karen 's daze , wipe she face , lick the blood on she hand . other be quieting the oxen . parah give Ismail a fierce stare . the other be shake . : with the ox bleed , fatally maul . she asks for juma 's knife , stroke the ox 's head , take its ear . her hand move below frame , jerk : the ox bawl ; there 's a fine spray of blood in the air as it slump from view . she leave the corral , a mess , bleed , she pants cover with the ox 's gore . alone , she would vomit now , do not . at the FIRE -later farah treat the deep thorn scratch on she naked back . the ghost of a smile : farab this simba always eat this ox . but msabu speak to this simba : do not eat $ ox or I can whip you with my little whip . ( Karen start to laugh ) this simba think : this memsaab be not right : it can be she be a witch . I can eat this ox another time . but msabu kill this ox with juma 's knife . ( parah 's grin ) msabu be bleed : she do not have this ox . this simba be hungry : he do not have this ox . this ox be no good to anyone ! ( very funny ; in time : ) '' God be happy , msabu . he play with we . 51 / ext / delamere's camp-day-moving past several tent . White man ride in , depart . native at chore , some female . notice a beautiful girl , somali or galla , strolling , without a task . hold on delamere at a map-litter campaign desk . a man on horseback point . delamere take binocular , go to look . delamere's Pov but not through binocular . the ox wagon approach at distance . on delamere delamere ( dry ) we would best tell blix he wife 's arrive . . later — a dozen white man , a few native , watch the wagon come in , silent . Karen look horrible : sunburn , nose peel , lip crack , clothes tear , hair matte , scab on she face , arm , leg . but she feel fine , do not understand why they be stare . and they be . they be a tough bunch , do not say much , just a word among themselves , but they be impressed . at the end of they rag line , bror and delamere . : delamere ( quiet ) hello , Karen . there be fly on she face , no longer a bother . karen hello , D. hello , bror . bror you have change you hair . she laugh . they do not . she 's lucky to be alive . int / bror's tent-niget a tent , gear-strewn , but a old carpet , large rough pillow , make it feel a bit Arabic . Karen 's clean , in he shirt , silk panty ( like dance pants , then ) . and she be change . they drink from tin cup ; there 's a lot of move around on the pillow . ( continued ) continued : bror woman do not go wander around the bush ! . karen why not ? bror thing can happen ! karen well now there 's a reason to live . I will bet God think of that . ( grin ) I have just have a go at a lion with a whip : you may not scare I much . bror ~- that be quite the stupidest thing you will ever do . unless it 's be gay about it now . karen ( beat ) I know . I do know . I do not plan it . I do not even think . ( a silence , then : ) you will not run from anything -- you never have . but there have to be a first time . before you know if you would be brave . . bror ( beat , then a chuckle ) Edgar sundstrom . we fight one day , on the ice . I believe he win . karen do not you see ? there 's something . . permanent there . but woman do not fight on the ice , we get no chance to be coward . so we never know . God . we be such twit . bror there 's childbirth . grief. dissent . they all take courage . karen that thing do not have claw . I could have live all my life and never once be really at risk . now I think I may not run , just for fear eof be hurt . how 's that , for information ? ( more ) 52/ ( continued ) os 53 / continued : karen ( cont would ) ( shake she head ) it 's not right , the way we be keep safe .. ( then ) when be you come home ? bror wot just yet . . karen ( beat ) you be not go to help with the farm at all , be you ? . grave , he shake he head . karen ( cont would ) I could force you -- cut you off . bror I would just hunt professionally . I may do that anyway . moment . she 's not angry . karen well . . I will do it myself then . ( beat ) you understand you mus not tell I what to . do . any more . _ he can accept that , but not acknowledge it . bror you have just miss you good friend Barclay . he go off with deny yesterday : they be bored , I think . he 's lie on some pillow ; she straddle he waist . karen : I like it that you be honest with I . bror I like you , too . very much . she bend to kiss he ; he hand go under she shirt . we be sure they will make love . ext / the aberdares-day porest , not jungle , dense , with intermittent clearing . just a glimpse of a elephant move slowly , feed . ( continued ) 54 / continued : . deny , stalking , kanuthia near . he look leave , motion . Berkeley and wasili watch deny , move on he signal . the elephant , feed , he tusk very fine . Berkeley move forward , freeze . - a huge shiny patch of black hide in a glade . : Berkeley signal deny : stop ! be do , can not see what Berkeley see , be puzzle . Berkeley put . he rifle to he forehead , imitate huge horn : cape buffalo . deny search the forest . a patch of hide , there ! the glimpse of a heavy boss , there ! a whole animal , browsing into a glade , there ! they have stumble into a herd of feed buffalo ! the elephant keep move . deny and Berkeley look to each other : grin . carefully , so the shell do not clink , each man manuever extra cartridge into he off hand . intent on the elephant , Berkeley move past a buffalo he know be there . without warning on he right quarter , a huge bull explode from a thicket , charge down on he . he pire ! again ! the bull drop but the whole area be a sea of frantic buffalo , a ton apiece , crashing blindly through the forest . deny shoot leave at a cow come for he , shoot right at @ young bull , snap the breech open , the case eject , the shell in he finger slide home . the cow have veer ; the bull be down . Berkeley 's run , switch rifle with wasili as he go , jump up on the carcass of the first bull he drop : he 's still after the elephant . it 's move fast , away . Berkeley shoot , slip , cursing , fall off the dead bull . another bull come straight for he . ( continued ) 55 / continued , Berkeley struggle to free he rifle . deny shoot ! again ! riveted on Berkeley , he do not even turn as he take he second gun from kanuthia . it quiet down . the fading noise of the buffalo run off . four dead buffalo visible . no sign of Berkeley . Quick and careful , deny and kanuthia move toward Berkeley 's area . here 's he first bull and we can hear Berkeley give order in swahili . . . deny Barclay ? berkeley ( 0.s. ) lend a hand here , will you ? more order in swahili . deny go around the first bull . Berkeley 's struggle , pin waist - down between the first bull and the one deny shot : it fall dead nearly in he lap . Berkeley and wasili be pull and shove . deny I think you have one too many there , Barclay . berkeley ( mild ) you might have do he a bit sooner . they laugh . ' ext / forest camp - night kanuthia clean the rifle . on camp stool , deny and Berkeley drink whisky , watch the fire . deny peel a orange . in time : berkeley it be good to be with you today , deny . deny a good day all round . a bond here , among man who hunt together , that no hearth -- and no woman - - will defeat . ext / at the farm-day Karen finish work on the piping of the elevate cistern behind the house , climb down the ladder , step to the ground : she leg buckle . puzzle , she take a step , collapse like a doll , sit . she 's baffle : she leg be not work . 56 / int / her bedroom -niget , kerosene light . she 's in bed , wet with fever . farah 's on a bedside stool , try to keep she clean . she retch . he wipe she mouth . her hand , clumsy , try to push he away but as she touch he cool skin , it seem to help . parah hesitates , touch she forehead , knobby black finger stroking she brow at the hairline . she sigh , drift away . int / doctor' ofpice -day primitive equipment . the doctor be 40 - 50 , a hulk of a man , irish . she will get into she clothes as he get a bottle , glass , pour they a drink , sit , hold he glass to the light . doctor you have get syphilis . a long moment , then she continue dress . doctor ( cont would ) bror ? karen there 's no other . ( stop again ) what do one do about that ? doctor you pride ? that 's hardly you first concern : you life 's in danger . but the cure 's fine punishment : he will hope to die . he 's not ill at all ? karen not the last I see he , but that 's three month -- he 's on the border with delamere . doctor ( shrug ) people be different : he may have just a dose . you have get a case like a trooper 's . karen ( sip she drink ) it 's not what I think would happen to I now . doctor you would best go home to deal with it . they have get a thing call salvarsan . ( continued ) continued : karen arsenic . ( knock back she drink ) no sex until a cure 's establish . no child . assume I live . anything else ? doctor I will have to see bror . karen . I will send for he . May I assume this will not be conversation at the club ? doctor of course . you have have this before ? karen no . my father get it with the Indians in North America . ( gather she thing ) when it seem he would go mad , he kill himself . I do not know it be a act ef courage : I think he mus not love I . ( at the door ) what be my odd ? doctor — about even , I be afraid . she nod to herself . a grim smile for he . ext / hospital garden -day s7 / she walk with kamante , who limp on he bandage leg . all of he speech , always , begin with a grave pause . karen I be sick now , like you leg . but I must go to a different hospital , in my own country . kamante in how many day be you not sick like this leg ? karen I do not know . but you will be well soon and then you must go to the farm and find farah , who will give you work . ( continued } 58 / continued : kamante I be Christian now , like you : the mother of God say prayer for I . she glance at the hospital , irritate . karen you should make up you own mind about that . kamante parah pray to Allah . he do not pay wage to Christians . karen he will do as I say , and so will you . : . kamante now I be a Christian , I think you can give I a rupee . karen why should I pay you to be like I ? kamante if I pray to Allah , I think farah can give I a goat . int / live room - niget '' she 's bundle up , drink brandy , sometimes seem to want to retch . and less angry than she might be : bror 's in anguish . karen you have get no symptom . ( he shake he head ) well , you have get a touch , anyway : you will have to be see . ( beat ) : the other , too . ( stricken , he nod ) I hope they have get it . bror you mus not feel that way . karen do not moralize with I , my friend . bror I only mean it 's my fault , no one else . ( continued ) karen God . you think so little of we we be not even accessory . ( then ) I expect you to keep I out of whatever you tell you lady . I be go to lie at home , say I have get something tropical . I do not want mother upset . bror I would like to go with you . karen I want you to stay here , keep a eye on thing -- can you do that ? bror it 's little enough . ( then ) how long should it be ? she may die ; they both know it . karen a year . . perhaps . bror what will happen with we now ? karen - it 's either shoot you or let it be : time may improve you chance . {more serious ) I do not know . we will have to wait for that . ( then ) you might have a crop before I be back . : bror I be terribly sorry , tanne . her smile be strange : fond but preoccupy . karen my turn 's come round , have not it ? for fight on the ice . his eye fill , he face work , he have to leave the her look after he be detach . she stoke the fire . 59 / room . ( ~ 60 / ext / the house -day ' her steamer trunk and luggage be load onto the mule wagon . more than the usual number of kikuyu , include the cuckoo child , silent . bror where be the memsaab ? parae she be riding now . : bror ( to no one ) bloody hell -- she will miss the train . parae ( unsolicite ) she can come soon enough . bror stare hard at parah , whose gaze be cold , unafraid . bror go into the house . ext / the plain-day -wide she ride slowly , the game drift away as she pass . - close on karen Chin up , tear coursing she cheek . aerial pull away and away until she 's a ' small figure , alone on the plain . int / european hospital ward - niget like a old sanatorium . the stirring and SMALL noise of sick people at night . a nurse through the ward toward the hallway which backlight she , heel brisk on the marble floor . find karen in fitful sleep , drool . her wrist be tie with gauze to the bed frame ; one hand grip a stanchion , tighten . . relax . int / drawing room-day bror struggle with the farm 's book , look outside to activity on the lawn , finally get up to lean in the doorway , watch . int / european hospital day room -day Karen , terribly gaunt , sit in a wheelchair , write a letter . she retch , wipe she mouth , continue . 61 / ext / the terrace -day bror , two other man we have see before , with three wonen , one of they idina , another a pert blonde . they be drink , shoot skeet , use dinner plate as clay pigeon . bror ad lib stay ahead -sw through instruction to the blonde . int / karen' bedroom-day parah carefully du ats around the thing on Karen 's vanity , arrange she comb and brushes . 0.s. , the shotguns . ext / stony beaceh-day a gray , flinty day . Karen 's in a bulky sweater and heavy pants , pale , draw , she eye dark - circle . she have age , become more beautiful : pain have bring she dignity . she walk with she mother , a somber woman all in black , stolid , not elegant . karen . bror say my cook have die . esa . one. of he wife give he poison . mother why do she do that ? karen I do not know . mother '' ( some yard later ) some people be not mean to be ' marry . Karen have to laugh at that leap between culture . mother ( cont would ) be you happy with bror ? : karen I like he very much . mother I think you ought to come home now . karen he would not leave Africa now . mother no . they just do not give a damn , as long as it 's strange and wild . even if they kill you . : how much do she know ? Karen skip stone . ( continued ) 62 / continued : karen I would not either . mother there 's a limit to what we can put into this coffee of yours . karen . we will get a crop soon . if you can . wait a bit longer . mother elle plan to marry . karen who be he ?! mother she have not tell I yet . ( beat ) he 's a solicitor . ambitious , they say . he wear jewelry . at least they will stay at home . ( beat ) do not get sick again . karen all right . mother and if you do , do not iie about it . her mother be formidable : Karen have always seek the love she withhold . no more . karen . I will lie when I choose , mother . in this case , I do it to spare you . mother ( in time ) you seem to be grow up . ext / the parm-day -karen' Pov moving up . the drive . a hundred kikuyu fix on the camera , move to it , excited and happy , juma among they . Left behind at the house , kamante , and apart from he , farah . other angle she 's in a motorcar , bror drive , descend into a clutch of kikuyu quickly explode by the frantic arrival of she deerhound : paw on she chest , he slather she face . ( continued ) 63 / continued : she move to the house , have sweet for the child , notice the cuckoo clock child , older now , hand cupping a baby owl . he thrust it to she : she take it , stroke it , then , afford he much dignity , say a formal '' asante . '' he be so excited that he must run away . kamante have think long and hard about this moment of drama , have put on old bandage ; now , with great affect , he slowly unwrap they to reveal he leg , scar but well . Karen be appropriately grave but she eye be merry . karen you be well enough to work then . kamante I be cooking now for esa . he be not bap- ti-se so now he be dead . karen be you pay wage for this cooking ? kamante not so much as esa . at last she come to parah , look long , up at he , look down at the owl , stroke it , look up again . : karen be you well , farah ade ? farae - I be well enough , msabu . - karen then I be well enough also . she enter the house , parah follow , and be home . int / live room - niget bror in he chair , Karen curl on the couch , drink brandy , savore she return , as always , comfortable with karen and kamante 's cooking ?! bror quite well , really . seem to have a knack for it . I have have a time with farah : I think we ought to sack he . karen lucky for he it 's not " we . " how be Barclay ? . ( continued ) aad continued : he go to at peace . 64 / bror be be ill , but I think he 's up again . deny be in Egypt : the army 's teach he to fly aeroplane . . ( beat ) do you miss I at all ? karen yes , I rather do . not that I be use to you company . ( beat ) you be no friend to my money : I have look at the book . . bror already ? karen we do not need a motorcar . what we need be a crop . ( beat ) you never really get sick , do you ? bror a bit of fever . nothing , really . ( a grin ) be you all well , tanne ? karen physically I be cure . but I do not know about we yet . be that all right ? - bror of course . she , kiss she lightly , then , somber : bror ( cont would ) I miss you that way . ( at the door ) : now that you be back . . I have be think about safari work . Eric and I want to look at the mara , scout some campsite . would you mind ? karen ( a smile ) when be you go ? bror ( a grin ) he would like to go tomorrow . if that 's all right . she nod . alone , she look at she house , toy with the dog , all 65 / int / dine room-day at the table in she dress gown , she feed the baby owl the remain of she breakfast ; the dog be very interested . . farae msabu . sick people have come . karen good Lord . already ? ext / the terrace -day before she as she step on to the terrace , silent , in jag single file , half a thousand kikuyu , every age and shape . she 's stunne , stare open-mouthed . the kikuyu can restrain themselves no longer : they laughter explode . they leap , bend double , some fall on the ground : oh , do you see the memsaab - - we have fool she completely . this be certainly the finest joke ever . rain-a series of shot -- first drop , on the still surface of the cistern water . -- drenched chicken among the manyattas , and kamante , catch one . -- Karen and belknap in a roofed open shed which shelter coffee sorting equipment , inspect it . -- a coffee tree in bloom , drip wet . ~- wide on the coffee field , a roll sea of white on green , rich with promise . ext / the coffee pield -day Karen with belknap , inspect the ripening berry . karen bow much longer . belknap until we pick ? eight week , maybe nine . even that 's not soon enough : grim , she look at the berry , willing they to ripen . int / the kitchen -day parah and juma in laugh swahili conversation as Karen arrange flower in a vase . when kamante begin to beat egg white with a rusty fork , she give he the egg-beater ; he inspect it closely , put it aside , resume . to farah , idly : karen what be you say ? ( continued ) 66 / continued : parah ( grin all the while ) the uncle of juma have find a bee tree in the forest . he do not speak ef it so he can steal this honey for himself . he go alone and make smoke from this pipe . ( imitate puffing ) this bee do not care about this smoke : they bite he all over . he fall down from this tree and lie all day until a leopard come . ( a rich chuckle ) and he live ?! parah ( puzzle ) no , msabu . he be dead . karen why be that funny ? parah can not comprehend the question . in time , he shrug . farah God be great , msabu . she look at he , continue with the flower , thoughtful , try to grasp the African mind . ext / the coffee field -day -wide the kikuyu , scattered through the field , pick . ext / the cofpee shed -day a line of picker bring they basket of red berry , dump they , add to a huge pile . as they pass , a black foreman drop a coin into they empty basket . ext / the drying table -day the husk bean spread on long table in the sun to dry . kikuyu smooth they , bring the bottom bean to the top ; its fluid , satisfy work , hot . Karen work with they : they be much take with that . ext / at the shed -day a last wagon , load with huge burlap sack , prepare to go , griver make ready . ( continued ) 67 / continued : Karen 's with belknap ; he have a grimy ledger under he arn . . karen we have get peace -- where 's the prosperity ?! why should price fall now ?! just because we be not kill anyone ?! belknap tea 's down just as bad . ( beat ) we could fertilize next year . the wagon move out , the driver 's whip cracking . karen " we ought to get a profit grow eighty ton of anything ! ( beat ) we debt 's too high . ( irritate ) do they always have to whip they so ?! ext / the coffee field -day-a series of shot of a roadster move at speed along the two -track which rise and fall in the field , deny at the wheel , felicity beside he , both laugh at they recklessness . ext / the coffee shed -day as they arrive , jump out , shout for Karen . he 's in cavalry boot and military uniform ; she be 17 , nearly a woman . Karen come from the shed , grimy : felicity run to kiss she ; Karen try not to dirty she blouse . karen why be you home ?! you be suppose to be in school . pelicity they have toss I out ! celia and I go swim with some boy : eathorne girl do not do that . be not it marvelous ? karen hello , pinch -hatton . where be the medal ? deny por my courage in the pub ? karen . have you learn to fly ? ( continued ) 68 / continued : deny : there 's some doubt about that . pelicity we have come to take you for a picnic . karen ( sigh ) I have too much work . deny and only you can do it . karen you have just get room for two . felicity no , we will squeeze . come on . she look to deny ; he nod . reluctant , out of place , she climb into the car , sit stiffly on the boot behind they . ext / at the river pool -day after a picnic on the grassy bank . pelicity sprawl , unaware of she body ; deny be in shirtsleeve ; Karen 's feel old and drab . deny be it good fun , be home ? karen no. deny why do you stay so long ? karen circumstance . felicity I do not understand how anyone can live there : all that little street . pasty people . — ( a grin for Karen ) to hell with they all , I say . deny you be a rude , unculture child . pelicity yup . I be go in the water : want to come ? ( continued ) 69 / continued : deny I will spy on you . : felicity then you will have to marry I . ( to she ) now he say we have to wait until I be twenty - four . would you believe it ? she go off into the bush . you could do worse . . deny but could she ? ( beat ) they say bror 's hire out he gun : do he like it ? karen I gather . he 's book straight through , except the rain . I hardly see he . deny what 's he think of the client ? : karen Rich Americans . with daughter and young wife . I hope no one shoot he . pelicity , naked , dash for the water , take a racing dive into the pool , swim , call : help ! there 's croc in here ! and splashes frantically . deny it 's go to be a good business , safaris . May do it myself . karen I think you would be a earl . deny I have a older brother , thank heaven . karen you do not want to inherit ? deny what a boring life that would be . karen God forbid . ( continued ) 70 / continued : a edge to that : he look at she . pelicity swim to the fall . deny you seem a bit down . karen ( shrug ) the farm 's get hold of I again . we erop be not much . deny I doubt that it 's you fault . karen I do not say it be . deny I think you feel responsible for everything . felicity ! come out of there ! she swim toward they , start to walk out of the water , mischievious , the water level drop on she body . deny ( dary ) put on you clothes first ? she turn , dive : a flash of nakedness . karen ( sarcastic ) it must be such a burden . chivalry . deny ( cool ) not really . on karen , know she 's be small . ext / muthaiga club -night-wide the light and distant din of a party . outside the club , a pyramid of cordwood , perhaps 20 foot high . native in kanzus slosh paraffin around its base . int / muthaiga club - night decorate for New Year 's Eve , jamme with drink settler in evening clothes ; some dance to gramophone record . a bar , overrun , but a number carry they own bottle . everyone 's there . 71 / moving amidst the general party : -- deny be dance with a older woman . -- Karen , talk with Berkeley , be jostle by dancer . -- bror , laugh with the pert blonde and other , spill champagne on she bosom : she do not much mind . on the grandfather clock elaborate , festoon with paper , empty glass . now it toll midnight , ignore . eventually , it 's notice : 0.s. , cry of happy New Year , the thin beginning of auld lang syne . . wider / favor karen most people kissing . felicity 's kissing deny for all she 's worth . a woman have throw herself at Barclay . without a partner , Karen look for bror : he 's nowhere to be see . her eye meet deny 's . he speak to felicity , kiss she on the forehead , move toward Karen . she see he , turn away . with ber her escape route block by reveler , they back to she . turn , she bump smack into deny , spill she glass . a moment between they : we can feel she fright . he 's gentle , serious : deny once a year 's all right , I think . and kiss she . she 's stiff , do not respond at all . the other kissing 's over so the group around they notice , ad lib jeer , jibe at deny . she 's bleak . deny ( cont would ) I have embarrassed you . I be sorry . so she kiss he , a magnificent kiss , she body bold . she mean only to defy they audience -- small cheer , some woman watch shrewdly -- but when they break , both be somber . she want to be defiant , walk away defeat . on the terrace moment later he come up behind she . karen why . {continued ) 72/7 continued : deny / you be a lovely woman . you have get a splendid mouth . karen ( low , blaze ) you have a nice mouth , too , shall we go to bed now ?! ( turn away ) all of you . . no think .. just appetite ... ( turn back ) I be not interested . deny no. ( beat ) I would not be either -- in just that . she stare at he , walk off . ext / the bonfire the member gather round ' the woodpile as delamere light it . it catch quickly , flame tower up . a dowager , stiff with pearl and presence , the sort who might rule India , fumble in she purse for she revolver , fire twice in the air . a hush . over the crackling FIRE , she quavering voice : God save the King . one by one , all join in . pan the settler in the glow : they be flaw , idiosyncratic , some be dissolute . but they love they country and be far from home . int / lady room Karen , smoking , shake . ext / the terrace . deny , alone , contemplative . 0.s. , the anthem . ext / the bonfire bror and the blonde move through shot , go off . at the blixen ' car seclude . bror get into the rear seat , seem to open he trousers , shield by she : she 's stop to fumble beneath she long dress : we think she 's remove she panty . she sit astride he , drop she strap , cup a breast , put it to he mouth . 73 / int / the moving car - night Karen 's drive . intercut for the animal appear in the headlight . in time : karen someone 's ' leave she underthings in . back . ( ( no argument ; she sigh ) I would : like you to take a place in town . you will have to do it yourself - — the farm 's get all my money . bror ( beat ) be you quite sure , tanne ? karen I can not deal with this anymore . I would rather people think we have separate . bror ( beat ) do you want a divorce ? karen no . do you ? bror no reason : there 's no one else I care about . : . karen then why be they so important ?! they ride in silence . in time , Karen paw fiercely at she eye . int / drawing room-day cross , Karen stop short . her Pov through the open prench door onto the terrace . farah sit on a bench , she deerhound fix before he . he do not touch the dog , but he be , at great length , explain . int / lady macmillan' drawing room-day Karen , lady macmillan , distinguished and shrewd , two other woman play mah-jong . Karen 's bored . one woman gush . ( continued ) 74 / continued : woman he 's always be a doubter , Doctor detweiler . agnostic at least , worse I think : a man of science and all ? well . we take he up mount kenya . spectacular day . the weather keep change , rain and then snow and then the sun shine and the animal be all about . and when we come down , Doctor detweiler say -- it be hard for he , I think - - he say there on mount kenya , he.found it possible to believe in the existence of God . triumphant , she seek reaction . ' karen I wonder - - on mount kenya - - if God find it possible to believe in the existence of Doctor detweiler . lady macmillan more lemon , Karen ? or do you have enough ? . . int / her bedroom=day - she 's at she dress table , idly brush she hair , ignore the owl , grow now , which walk among she thing , challenge its reflection in the mirror . she study she image , scientific , make no judgment . she look long , unblink , at the unblink owl , tap its beak . karen be that a prince in there ? she kiss the owl 's beak . it remain a owl . she 's not surprised . ext / in the porest-day she 's riding home , Ismail walk beside she with she rifle . now , faint , the SOUND of a mozart symphony ( 0.s. ) . puzzle , she strain to hear , put she horse to a trot , leave Ismail behind . ext / the terrace -day deny 's safari truck , with kanuthia and wasili . he 's on the terrace with champagne , gramophone blaring . ( continued } 78 / continued : deny . ( reduce the volume ) I think you would like some music . I get another for myself . karen ( from horseback , cool ) May I pay you for it ? deny if you must . it 's intend as a gift . . karen because bror 's move to town ? deny that 's a private matter , I imagine . I be go down along the Tana . I would like you to come . karen I believe I would rather pay in pound . deny come down from there . ( she do not move ) now . a long moment . she get down , cross she arm , wait . deny ( cont would ) you have not the slight idea what I would want from you . have you . ( no response ) have you . karen no , deny then do not pretend you do . you be just chock - full of payment and price and who owe who . you think if you possess thing , it mean you will never lose they . when will it dawn , Karen ? there 's nothing to own worth have . this land 's not yours : you have borrow it from Africa . you can not barter for someone to love you . I be not a farm for you to hold to , but I be none of the people who have hurt you , either . so why do not you just jump the fence and wait to see what happen . ( continued } 76 / . continued : . karen and then ? deny have not the slight . karen and never mind the cost . deny be that the trouble ? you might skin you knee ? karen or worse . I can not afford much , right now . . deny ( more gently ) I know . but you life 's not year , Karen : it 's just a day here and a minute there - - a few fine moment . you have get to go collect they . she go to he , take he glass , drink , decide . . karen I will not sleep with you . deny you will do as you wish . moment . she nod , half to herself . karen when do you want to go ? deny now 's all right . karen I all get some thing . she go off . deny take the needle from the record . no victory here , for either of they . almost a sadness . ext / on the plain-day -wide the safari truck , jouncing along a two - track . int / the trock deny be calm . Karen be stiff , pinch , certain now she should not have come . 71 / ext / pirst camp - night in camp chair at the fire . in the b.g. , two small tent , each dim - light by its own lantern . deny have a orange : she smoke , draw up , protective . deny -- ndrobo be fine in the bush , the best with elephant . turkana be horribly fierce . but masai ? nothing like they anywhere . if Rome have come this far ? now there would have be a battle . the magistrate do not know | what to do they they -- they die in prison . ( beat ) you have see they , you say . : karen yes . deny ( beat ) we have get a early day : why do not you pack it in ? she drop she cigarette in the fire , go straight to she tent . deny fish in he bush jacket for a book , read , eat he orange . the night sound of Africa . her movement cast shadow on the tent wall . engross , he ignore both sound and shadow . : ext / on the plain-day -wide the safari truck , move at dawn , over open country , the two - track leave behind . : int / the truck -later she 's more interested in the world around she , grin , point : warthog , trot single file , brisk burgher on business . ext / the truck -later Broken down , bonnet open . deny , clean as a surgeon , make fine adjustment to the engine with a screwdriver . while the native squat , not involved , Karen , sweat - soak and greasy , be in charge of the crank . he say again . she crank . he adjust . again . she crank . he adjust . again . she crank . the engine come alive . he close the bonnet , pleased , oblivious to she , dirty , drip , out of breath . but not unhappy : no concession be be make for she gender . on 78 / ext / second camp -day sundown . wasili bring wood to the fire ; kanuthia store " gear on the truck . at a camp table , deny clean a rifle while Karen fuss with a balky lantern . in time : karen I have hear what you think 's wrong with I : what be it that you like ? deny you mind 's attractive . . when it 's mot add and subtracting . . there 's a sensuality about you that 's very compelling . . and you stand up to thing , I like that . finish with the rifle , he stand , yawn . . deny ( cont would ) I need a pillow -- bloody lorry wear I out . good night , Karen . : karen good night , finch -hatton . he go to he tent . she 's thoughtful . ext / the plain -day-close on pince-ratton at the wheel , watch , smile . he Pov - wide Karen , small on the plain , amidst a half - dozen giraffe , delighted as a child at the zoo . ext / river camp -wide along the Tana , green , idyllic . another angle a white cloth on the camp table where they have finish lunch , wine in a tin bucket , no ice . a lazy day . deny read . she 's try to desnag she hair , wince , muttering . deny I can fix that , I think . closer to the river -later she 's on a stool in short and camiscle , a towel round she shoulder , hair thick with soap . deny , in short , no shirt , stand in front of she , sud to the elbow , have a fine time , recite all the while . ( continued ) ) ( ( ~ . 19 / continued : deny upon the whirl , where sink the ship / the boat spun round and round . and all be still , save that the hill / be tell of the sound . I move my lip , the Pilot shriek / and fall down in a fit . the holy hermit raise he eye / and pray where he do sit . I take the oar ; the Pilot 's boy / who now doth crazy go / laughed loud and leng , and all the while / his eye go to and for . ba , ha , quoth he , full plain I see / the Devil know how to row . parewell , farewell -- karen you be skip verse . deny I leave out the dull part . parewell , farewell , but this I tell / to thee , thou wedding Guest : he prayeth well , who loveth well both man and bird and beast . pour slowly , he rinse she hair with a bucket of water . her shoulder , camisole , he short , get wet . when she open she eye , he 's look at she . a moment . later she recline in a camp chair , eye close , face tilt to the sun ; he sit behind she , comb she hair . she 's drift , feel languid , then , casual : deny do you want a lion ? karen ( eye wide ; a long beat ) yes . deny we will go early , try to find one on a kill . a series of shot Dawn . Karen check a heavy rifle yet again , somber . ( continued ) 80 / continued : '' deny ( v.0 . ) you want a heart shot , if you can , just inside the shoulder . I have get a four-fifty you can use . do not worry about the recoil : you will not feel a thing , till later . Karen , deny , the native , walk in thigh - high grass . deny ( v.0 . ) they be quick . very , very quick . I will be just behind you . if there 's a charge , drop flat -- right now -- and let I have he . . all four , hunkere down , stare , fix on the same spot . deny ( v.0 . ) they will twitch a bit , just before they come . several lion , include a big male , feed on a zebra . deny ( v.0 . ) then a snarl . Ugly sound . that 's to freeze you , just for a second . with most of what they be after , that 's all they need . they move slowly toward the lion , about sixty yard away . the lion keep feed . : deny whisper instruction , point , send she ahead . he 's behind on she right , kanuthia on he right , wasili stay put . Karen 's intent , check she safety again and again . like the prospect of be hang , lion concentrate the mind . the big male see they , stop feed . she look . back to deny . he nod . it 's about forty yard . she 's raise she rifle when , 0.s. , a snarl , a very ugly sound . . flash CUT Karen , quizzical , half -turn to deny . freeze it . slow motion on she leave , a huge male explode from the grass , charge home . we see two bound . . 81 / slow motion deny turn , bring up he - rifle : Karen 's squarely in he line of fire . very slow motion Karen turn , smooth , the rifle ease into she shoulder : — we see it kick once , then again . and only now , hear the crack of she rifle . and again . : slow motion the lion stumble , tumble down in the grass . slow motion the big male on the zebra charge : great leap . slow motion deny pivot , fire once , the SOUND delay . slow motion the lion whirl , snap at he flank , flop down . slow motion cordite smoke hang in the air . Karen turn to deny , terror on she face . he 's intent . suddenly , real time deny load ! now ! she fumble with she rifle , reload . deny watch both lion , back and forth . the other lion withdraw . kanuthia move forward , throw stone at Karen 's lion . in time , he stand near it . it 's dead . deny walk carefully to he lion , dead , too . rifle at she waist , she have not move . deny go to she . she be stand tall , refuse to collapse ; she lip tremble ; she bite it to keep from cry . deny ( slow , calm , very firm ) when we be hunt , it 's essential that you do exactly as I say . I must know what you will do . ( continued ) 82 / continued : her shoulder shake , tear course she cheek , she lip be bloody , but she will not give in . she make no sound , nod . deny ( cont would ) go to you lion now . a moment later . . she walk around she lion , brushes at she tear . kanuthia take she rifle , click the safety on . later she sit cross -legge , study the lion 's massive head , touch a eyetooth , feel the point . she examine a forepaw -- she need both hand for this -- feel the claw , the dewclaw , put the paw to she face , rub she cheek against it , bleed from a single long scratch . ~ deny and kanuthia come , bloody from skin the other on . deny we will take he hide now . karen ( stand ) : I want to do it . ( he hand she the knife ) you will have to tell I how . deny start along he hind leg . she go to the lion , start to cut . deny ( cont would ) ( 0.s. ) I be sorry for the time I do not know yous life 's make you very fine . she look at he , accept it , resume the skin . ext / river camp - night -high angle -wide at distance . the tent , the truck , the fire , the dining table a dab of white in the kerosene light . at the table set for dinner . Karen sit , watch the shadow on the wall of he tent : he 's change clothes , singing a gay swahili song . she touch she swollen lip , want he badly , now get up to walk slowly toward the tent . 83 / int / the tent he 's in clean short when : karen ( 0.s. ) pinch -hatton ? deny come . '' unbidden , she step into the tent . deny be supper ready ? karen I do not want supper . ' be understand , smile , then : ~ deny um. lion be like that . for I as well . ( reach for he shirt ) let 's see how we feel tomorrow . but she reach for he shirt : they be both hold it . karen I go home because I would get syphilis . I be all right now . he drop he end of the shirt , move in . deny I never seem to get anything . german measle , once . ( brushes she lip ) will that hurt ? karen no . he kiss she . she let the shirt drop to hold he throat , she gesture masculine . he turn away to turn down the antern . karen leave it up , please . he do . she unbutton she cuff , begin on she shirt button . deny I would like to do that . ( and begin to ) ( continued ) 84 / continued : karen tell I what this mean : I have to know how to think about it . deny it mean we have nothing more to read . . ( another button ) it mean you be lovely , and I want you . and hope you want I , too . ( two button more ; he stop ) it mean we be here . just that . he wait for she consent . she nod . he resume . moving shot to circle the tent , sometimes on the tent wall and they sharp silhouéttes , sometimes through mosquito netting at each end of the tent , they figure visible , gauzy . he take off she shirt . she hold she arm over she head ; he remove she camisole . he touch she breast , unbutton she short ; they slide to she foot . he slip she panty down she leg ; she kick they away . two shot -tiget a hungry , urgent kiss . as he move to she neck and shoulder , she lip be bleed . karen ( very low ) Jesus . . Jesus . . int / the kitchen -day kamante be dice vegetable , pay little mind to Karen . karen you clear soup . the new lettuce . and chicken , just the breast . in a sauce . ( no response ) I trust this have you approval ? kamante ( the usual pause ) who be come , memsaab ? karen bwana Cole be come . kamante I will think on bwana Cole . she go off , exasperate . kamante dice on . a™ in 85 / int / dine room -niget gramophone music , low . they be in evening clothes . he 's flushed , perspire . juma clear the soup plate . karen ( cheerful ) . I '' in the worst sort of trouble now . berkeley deny ? ( she nod ) will you divorce ? karen do you think he would marry 's I ? berkeley ( uncomfortable ) I would . he might . karen ah , the candor of the conditional tense . ( beat ) he will not . berkeley you will be alone a good bit in either case . juma serve the main course . karen that 's not new . it 's not know . . how far to go . or what 's go to happen . I be not good that way . ( look at she plate , then , to juma : ) get kamante . ( to Berkeley ) he 's out of hand entirely . she wait , indignant . when kamante come : karen ( cont would ) do this look like chicken ?! he come beside she , gravely inspect she plate . kamante ( patient ) bere be not a chicken , memsaab . here be a fish . karen go away . ( continued ) : om 86 / continued : he do . amuse but careful , Berkeley take a bite . berkeley quite good , be not it ? ( they have to laugh ) ext / on the terrace -later they be dance to a waltz ( 0.s. ) . | karen so how do you think I will take to adultery ? berkeley I would hardly call it that . karen not if you want to come again . they laugh . she touch he forehead . karen ( cont would ) you be awfully warm , Barclay . berkeley / malaria , I s'pose . it come and go . karen would not you like to spend the night ? berkeley no , I would best get home . karen why be my life so rich with man who want to leave I ? berkeley ( lean in , sniff ) it 's not you perfume . they laugh . she put she head on he shoulder . he 's in love with she himself . against the music , the SOUND ( v.0 . ) of metal rattling on metal . int / ext / denys' truck -day jouncing along the track to Karen 's house . the kikuyu along the way salute open - palm ; deny respond automatically . kanuthia ride with deny ; wasili sway in back . denys' Pov as he turn up the drive to the house . Karen 's cut flower in the garden beyond , look to camera . 87 / another angle -wide as deny park , Karen stroll across the lawn , flower bunched in one hand . she walk slowly , as though she want every detail of the moment . she do not pause when she reach he , go straight into he arm . they hug , do not kiss , turn to the house . int / her bedroom-day he 's facedown on she bed , naked , head and arm hang over the foot . she 's cross -legge , scraping at he leg with a knife , digging out tick and jigger . how be the client ? deny german . karen you ought to look in on Barclay . he do not seem that well . '' deny he 's be coope up too much . ( beat ) I be think I will sell the house -- no sense keep it when I be out all the time . how would it be if I keep some of my thing with you ? karen ( a long beat ) you mean you would come and go from here . deny if that 's all right . karen ( reach for a cigarette ) if you like . . deny . : I think it might please you . - karen : it do . when the god want to punish you , they answer you prayer . she light she cigarette , hold it to a stubborn tick embed in he calf . ext / the house -day bror , arrive in he lorry , get out , look at deny 's truck , go in . 88 / o~ int / dine room~day oo deny at the table , in a burnoose , read he mail . a certain tension , but both be calm . bror ( enter ) hello , deny . deny bello , blix . bror can I get anything for you ? deny no. Karen 's here , somewhere . bror ( beat ) you might have ask , deny . : deny ! I do . she say yes . karen ( enter ) om hello , bror . in bror - I be just on my way to town . do you have a moment ? 4 karen : of course . | they go off to the draw room . int / drawing room karen | I be break , too , you know ! bror just 's a few pound -- fifty , if you can . I have a party in the end of the month -- I will pay you then . she go to she desk , will write a check . bror ( cont would ) I would not ask , but tip be a bit light this time : could not find they a leopard . , karen ~ tip ?! you be live on tip ?! ( continued ) we 89 / continued : bror and salary . tip 's a hundred quid if they have shot the whole card -- it 's not the poor I be take round . ( take the check ) be you all right ? karen if we get a decent crop . ( he nod ; a beat ) deny will be stay here when he 's not hunt . I do not want that know , at home . they have not much faith in I already . . be nod , consider it , then , a boyish grin : . bror I have get this horrible urge to kiss you . she smile , go to he , kiss hin . karen do not be upset . it 's what I want right now . it will not last . bror I could shoot he for you . karen _ then I would have neither one of you . a moment , fond : they will always be friend . bror good luck with it , tanne . he 's smarter than I : it may go well . and leave she there , go out the terrace door . ext / the ngong hill above her house -day a grassy slope overlook the plain , recalling the shot under title . they have picnick ; he lie doze , eye close throughout . they horse browse nearby . karen finch-hatton ? deny um. karen if I get eat up sometime , bury I here , will you ? ( continued ) 90 / continued : deny all right . karen there . where it drop away . deny what do you want on the stone ? karen ( beat ) this be the verse you grave for I / here she lie , where she long would to be . both , in unison Home be the sailor , home from the sea / - and the hunter , home from the hill . deny I always find that trite . karen I have a aunt of whom they say : her day be hard , she night sweet . deny too vulgar . karen ( beat ) she love but once , then well . deny better . we will work on it . ( beat ) shall we go the the club tonight ? karen together ?! - deny laugh as though that 's the funniest thing ever , pull she on top of he . they begin to make love . int / muthaiga club dine room - niget at table . she 's stiff , defiant of that who watch and murmur . he notice she silence . deny do you remember the feel , when the lion come for you , out of the grass ? karen yes . ( continued ) d ( 91 / continued : deny ( truly puzzle ) then how can you think any of this be + '' relevant ? moment . she nod . delamere leave the men' bar ( from which there 's noise ( 0.s. ) , pass by they table . delamere deny . hello , Karen . deny hello , D. . karen it 's very gay in the inner sanctum tonight . delamere the Americans be teach we about poker . blix be down a few hundred but we be otherwise all right . ( he move on ) ( beat ) " blix " do not have a few hundred . : ( beat ) go and get he , will you ? : deny no. ( low ) he have not get it ! I have not get it , either . deny that 's not my affair . karen he 's a friend , be not he ? deny no . if he be , all the more reason . karen ( beat ) you could do it for I . deny yes . but will not . she look at he , slap down she napkin , go off . Vo 92 / int / men' bar -niget a number of man , and six around a poker table . bror 's back 's to the door . astonishment as she enter . bror ( turn ) what be it , tanne ? - karen May I see you , please ? the huge man from the wedding reception sit alone , put down he newspaper . bror move away with Karen . both low : bror you do not belong in here , you know that . karen be you win ? huge man ( 0.s. ) von blix ! get that woman out of here ! firm , bror propell she toward the door . she resist . karen ( low ) we have not get the money ! bror - you lover 's rich , what do you care ? she slap he hard . he just look at she . the whole room 's embarrassed ; some gape , other look away . bror ( cont would ) ( quiet ) I would say we be even now . do not you think ? she turn on she heel . bror rejoin the table , say a brisk sorry . the game , conversation , resume . the huge man return to he newspaper . int / berkeley' house -day Dark , like adobe , Arabic . Berkeley look like death , fix deny a drink . on a floor pillow with sewing , a lovely somali ( mariammo ) with a dignity all she own . ( continued ) a ) continued : deny you do look like hell . berkeley I s'pose I do . how 's Karen ? deny well enough . still go break . berkeley well , we be all that . how have you client be ? . deny not awful . the woman seem to go a bit mad -- bear assassin , I think . but the man be decent enough . when do we get you out of here ? . berkeley . ( beat ) I be afraid my water 's go black . deny look at he steadily , drink . deny George Martin have blackwater -- when be it ? five year now ? : berkeley um. strong fellow , George . deny be there anything I can do for you while you be down ? berkeley no. ( beat ) you might take along that ten-bore you be so fond of -- ask they to look at the bluing ? ( deny nod ) and the rigby . trigger seem mushy but perhaps it 's just I . ask Karen to try it . Nice size gun for she . deny all right . . mariammo ? berkeley she will have some money . she will want she own people , I think . 93 / ( continued ) 94 / continued : deny should not you go home for a while ? berkeley . oh ... {a crooked grin ) I be home , I s'pose . int / drawing room-day now full of deny 's thing : he book and record , the elephant tusk , he rifle . 0.s. , the SOUND of the front door and Karen 's entrance . karen ( 0.s. ) deny ? deny ( 0.s. ) . out here . , she 's in the room now , make herself a drink . karen how 's Barclay ? deny ( 0.s. ) ( beat ) all right . ext / the terrace he sit with he empty glass , look out on the late afternoon . she join he , kiss he . karen we be about ready to pick , I think . the sorting machine 's fix . . deny be 's give you he rigby . and so she know . she sit , stunne , fight for control , look up at the hill , blink back tear . in time : karen there 's no hope at all ? deny it 's blackwater fever . karen I will go to he tomorrow then . deny no . he look quite awful : he would not want you there . ( continued ) ( ~ sa 95 / continued : karen ( stare , then : ) ball . she move to the draw room . at the door : karen ( cont would ) what the hell do you think a woman 's for ?! she go in , return with whisky , fill they glass . deny ( quiet ) there 's a woman there , Karen . he 's be with she some year now . ( beat ) she 's somali . a ( beat ) the comfort you would bring be less than he pain if you know . you mus not go . karen ( beat ) be he right , to think that of I ? that I care who 's at a deathb ? deny not that . that he 's live with she , and keep it from you . the sun slant low across the lawn . the native child play , gather in the goat . karen do he love she ? deny ( irritate ) I do not know . ( beat ) I think so . he be have trouble with he own thought . in time : karen ( a grimace ) I be think : I would have have they to the house . ( shake she head ) I would have get round it somehow , I would have make it not matter . - ( continued ) 96 / continued : deny ( look at she ) it do to I . moment . she come to stand behind he chair , comfort he . in time : karen they must have be very lonely . ext/a SMALL cemetery-day set off by a token iron fence , wild but neat enough . the coffin' in the ground , 30 - 40 settler at the grave with a Anglican minister , saying a last prayer . most head be bow , not Karen 's : she 's look to the fence where a number of african watch , among they mariammo , barefoot in fine somali clothes , gold jewelry , proud witness to a ceremony at which she be unwelcome . outside the fence -later the european disperse , go to they car and carriage , murmuring . as Karen pass mariammo , she pause just a moment , incline she head respectfully . mariammo , proud with grief , just look at she . at her car lady delamere where be deny , Karen ? karen he be go this morning . I think he 's off with Barclay . Lady delamere look at she shrewdly , may understand . ext / the porest-day kanuthia , alone , squat on he heel with a rifle , watch something , not involved . there will be no kill today . a heavy - tusk bull elephant , trunk in the wind , ear spread , sway , decide on a charge . deny be thirty yard in front of he , he rifle casual on he shoulder . the elephant trumpet , ready to come . deny bring he rifle in front of he but not to he shoulder , fire both barrel in the air . ( continued ) on 97 / continued : .¢ . the elephant crash off into the forest . deny watch after it . ext / the coffee field -day-a series of shot of kikuyu child pick coffee . [ it might be interesting if they be aware of the camera . ] ext / the copfee shed -day the coffee ' picker ( adult ) dump they basket , be pay . the pile of berry seem impressive but camera find Karen and belknap at the count station , bleak . int / her bedroom~day -close : on the owl , stare from she vanity . another angle Karen , in farm clothes , draw up on the bed , eye red from ery . now , o.s. and build , the SOUND of a airplane . it 's quite loud before she notice , get up . ext / on the terrace -day the plane , a gypsy moth , bank to come low again above the house . she watch , serious . the plane dive low again , deny at the control : he point off -- a place for she to meet hin . she break into a great grin , dash into the house . ext/a nearby meadow-minute later mounted , she race along the edge of the meadow . the plane come through shot , landing , pass she . at the plane . as deny pivot it around , gunning the engine . Karen fly from she horse , shout , incredulous : karen where do you get it ?! deny mombasa ! come along ! there 's elephant on the hill ! ( continued ) VA 98 / continued 3 she struggle into the cockpit in front of he . they have to shout . deny how 's you crop ?! that stop she . she shake she head , then : karen let 's go ! deny you horse ! to hell with he ! the plane accelerate across the meadow , lift off . flying Africa from the air . the possibility be endless but would include a herd of elephant move through the high forest , a soda lake ringed by flamingoe ; the suswa volcano , every sort of game on the plain . as a pilot , deny be more bold than expert : once , they will exchange a look , laugh when he cut it too close . she 's exhilirate , all care put aside . near the end , she will grow quiet and , head home , turn in she seat , hair stream , to look at deny , reach back to he but fail to touch . she will live to be seventy - seven year old , and remember this as the finest moment of she life . ext / the meadow-day -wide sundown . the plane land , run the length of the meadow . at the plane he gun it around , kill the engine . both wriggle from the cockpit , deny first ; now he see that she be stream tear . she grin , laugh , cry , tries to speak , can not , laugh , tries again , still can not , shake she fist at the sky , shout a aargh . he laugh at she , start to walk . she run after he , jump on he back like a schoolgirl . int / banker' office -day a number of polo trophy . the banker be 50 , have a stump where he leave hand should be . he hand she document . ( continued ) ( ) 99 / continued : banker here , you be give we a lien against you crop . we would take it over should you default . : I would default only if the crop fail . in which case . . there would be no crop . banker ( unbother by logic ) yes . and we will need bardn blix 's signature as well . . karen it 's my property . banker '' yes . but then , it 's we money : we would like the baron to sign wi th you . he 's bland , omnipotent . she 's disgust . ext / the STREET in front of the bank -day where farah wait . they walk . '' : : we have get a year at least . farah God be great , msabu . . ' karen he 's charge three per cent . ext / on the farm-day Karen , belknap and deny follow a broad trail of blood through a field of young coffee , some tree break . they come to stand over the bloody carcass of a young bullock . Karen move upwind . belknap lazy , filthy bastard . karen ( to deny ) almost a kilometer , and he 's near seventy stone - - can they do that ? ( he nod ) ( continued } 100 / os continued : ~ : belknap Dead for the fun of it : they do not even eat . : ( absent ) it 's they nature to kill , they do not mean it against we . belknap | they will be back . we will see how they | like they dinner with a little strychnine . . karen nonsense . belknap : when lion start on cattle , they do not quit . we can not spare another ox . karen ( to deny ) be that right ? deny not always . mostly . ey karen ( with regret ) they will have to be shot then . belknap I be marry , miz blix - - I be not pay to hunt . I will dose them good . karen deny and I will shoot the lion . ( beat ) that 's all , belknap . ( he shrug , go ) mister belknap ? ( he turn ) if there 's strychnine on the farm , remove it . if you speak again of poisoning a animal , I will have you off the property . his look be sullen ; he stalk off . in a moment , mild : deny you ought not talk that way to a man , unless you want to lose he . she look at he , hawk , spit . 101 / ext/a low rise - night just grass and sky , moonlit . now , in silhouette , a lion come over the crest , disappear below it . and another . ext / the coffee pield - night the coffee tree -- like bush -- shiny in the moonlight . wight sound , each small noise distinct : a sense of much activity , unseen . now , a different sound : the scupf of moccasin . Karen and deny move through shot , wary . the gleam of he ‘rifle . the shot look down a row of coffee tree . '' they come into frame , kneel down . he point . down the corridor , a white shape : the dead ox . carefully , they sit to wait . suddenly , the craze chortle of a hyena , near . it startles we , not they . later relaxed , wait . stiff , Karen shift . now , slow , he. touch she to hold she still , nod . very near , a snake . it slither along , full of menace . she 's calm , just watch . the snake move past she boot , disappear . she imitate it , tongue flicker . he grin . later wait . suddenly , he 's intent . the SOUND of something large , move . the carcass twitches , jerk : the lion on the ox . the SOUND of they feed , a snuffling , bone cracking . he snick he safety off . the lions ' pov a sudden circle of yellow light and half the outline of a man stand , aim . [ Karen 's just behind he to one side with a electric torch . ] reverse two lion ( they eye , mostly ) , catch by the light . two shot , very fast . the light move here and there , lock for another lion , steady , return to the carcass . a silence , no noise at all . it 's over too quickly . a sense of anti-climax , the ease of this death . nn ) 102 / with karen and deny move to the ox . her light find two young male , dead where they fall . they stand over they . a sense of they regret . . karen they be good friend , this two . they get it in they head to make a raid , just to see if they could do it . then they could not let it be . ( a sigh ) just a story for the lady . now they be dead for that . moving with they as they go karen . the wild thing always lose . deny ( beat ; dry ) not always . close on a coffee drying table-a time lapse sequence empty . sun-bleach . now , it pass into shadow . first drop of rain , building to a deluge . deny ( v.0 . ) there 's something about the rain that calm you down . | karen ( v.0 . ) they keep you home . I like that . the rain diminish , stop . the table dry . _ karen ( v.0 . ) my mother want to visit . she want to come for June . deny ( v.0 . ) I will be away most of the month . all of it , if you like . karen ( v.0 . ) . that 's best , I think . from out op prame onto the table , a torrent of coffee bean . a pair of black hand smoothes they . now more hand , and more , sifting , culling , spread . one pair white . . deny ( v.0 . ) I eught to go home for a while . wo not you come ? ( continued ) L 103 / continued : karen ( v.0 . ) there 's no one here , with belknap - go . I just can not . you know I can not . deny ( v.0 . ) I know . but it would be such fun . karen ( v.0 . ) ( beat ) I be pleased you would ask I , deny . the number of hand reduce till only hers be leave ; they motion slow , stop , bean trickle through she hand , which now leavé the shot . the table tilt , the bean sluice away , out of prame . deny ( v.0 . ) we have not hunt in a year . let 's go just ourselves . you ought to . have a leopard . karen ( v.0 . ) when we shot the lion ? I say I would not huht anymore , except for meat . deny ( v.0 . ) Said to who ? : karen ( v.0 . ) : ( vague ) : oh . . whoever . the table 's bare . a few stray bean remain . ext / polo field -day Hell -for-leather , no uniform or helmet , settler versus government House . Cars , carriage , spectator line the field ; two inebriate cross it , oblivious to they peril . much drink , shout . the action 's furious : rider fall , careen through the crowd , the referee pire a pistol when the ball go out of bound . bror 's a contestant , but the action belong to pelicity , 20 , very much a woman , one of two on the field . she 's expert , reckless , strike . Karen watch , chat with Lady macmillan . she be older at the eye , perhaps a bit of gray , but not for the worse : time serve she well . a melee on the field -- horse bump , rider sweart ngw~vand of it , the ball 's hit long toward government 's goal . felicity . 2 male opponent , be after it in a flash . ( continued } 104 / continued : they be stride for stride for half the field , pony bump , elbow fly , till she ride he off the ball and with a great looping backhand , drive it home . the referee pire . felicity 's engulf by teammate as they trot up the field . lady macmillan quite something , felicity . karen - yes , indeed . bror slide off he horse , laugh , give up . he place to a replacement , take champagne . with karen-a moment later Lady macmillan 's turn away as bror come to Karen . bror how be you , tanne ? karen : get old , I think . not you . how be the shoot ? bror ( shrug , cheerful ) ah . the good year be behind we . I will make a live . — ( beat ) pinch - hatton 's not here ? karen uganda . some maharajah . bror ( sip ) it occur you might be want a divorce . moment : a glimpse of she old fear . in time : karen have she get money ? ( he grin ) of course she 's get money . ( beat ) be this important , bror ? bror ( shrug ) I suppose . ( continued ) 105 / continued : karen ( a sigh ) - I will have to accuse you of something , you know . ( tart ) or do you think you would have it the ether way round ? bror ( grin ) no. Fire away . whatever , I have surely do it . ( serious ) thank you , tanne .. moment . as always , they be fond . she smoothes he hair . karen I sha not worry you will be happy . but it will please I . bror you will let I know what the solicitor need ? she nod . he kiss she lightly . a half -smile . bror ( cont would ) I remember that . quite well . he grin , offer a small salute , turn away , at once catch up in the conviviality of the crowd . on watch a chapter close . she find 'a cigarette . ext / on the parm~day . muscle bulg , several kikuyu strain to hold up a wagon from which one wheel 's remove . Karen , filthy , grease the parah , fastidious , disapprove , wait ; he 's bring she tea . parah this kikuyu can do this work , msabu . she nod to the man hold the wheel ; he move to refit it . her attention 's on the work , not farah . karen . yes . they be not afraid to get dirty . like the somali . ( continued ) — vy ) 106 / continued : parah frown . the kikuyu think this be very funny , almost drop the wagon . Karen sip she tea . farah I think finch - hatton can come today . karen ( absent , watch ) finch -hatton be in the mara . parah it may be so , msabu . unless he come today . karen ( to the kikuyu ) now the other side . she 's back to work , move among . they , smile with they , they pleasure apparent . ext / the farm-later sundown . tire , Karen walk home alone . now , faint , 0.s. , music . she walk more quickly , break into a run . ext / the terrace -minute later - the light fade . the gramophone outside , the record finish , still revolve , run down . deny , dirty , exhaust , fast asleep in the lounge chair , he glass in he lap . eager , she enter , slow . quiet , she will take the needle from the record , get she straight chair and place it -- just so -- next to he , take the glass from he lap , sit . and touch he chair . wider -on they a portrait . the sense of a era end . and of they . there be something about they posture that remind of lion : she sense of connection with she sleep mate . . calm . . protective . . wait . int / the bathroom -night deny loll in the bathtub , foot up for Karen to paint with a fungicide . deny it be not hunt they want . just kill . ( continued ) ne 107 / continued : karen how could farah know you would come today ? deny ( shrug ) Africa . bloody Africa . ( beat ) what we need .. be a swim in the ocean . karen would not that be lovely ? deny : we could go day after Christmas . karen ( stunne : she 's forget ) Christmas . ext / on the lawn - niget a great bonfire , and Karen , receive a long line of she native who greet she first , then move to the table where parah dole out portion of tobacco , sugar , candy . study the African face -- plane and angle , fire - light , and magnificent eye . -- a man of 50 , gnarled , he dignity untarnish . '' - a toothless crone , grin in anticipation . -- a young mother , sleek and shy . -- a boy of 10 who defy he elder to claim a place in line . -- a young man , stiff with pride , who take the lion 's tooth from he neck to make Karen a present , leave the line , decline she gift , she gaze on he a moment long . over this , vocal music , a capella , in swahili , a lilt language . ext / the coastline-day-aerial rushing low above dazzle beach and roll surf . angle adjust to include the shadow of a airplane . ext / on the beach -wide prom the sea , so broad breaker fall away to reveal a great expanse of beach , a small adobe house in the b.g. and they figure , very small , run to the ocean , apparently naked . I 108 / in the surf they dive into income wave , surface in the foamy trough . Karen stand waist -deep , back to camera , slick back she hair , watch deny dive through a wave , ride another back to she . . on they sleek . in slight slow motion , they kiss , and be sweep away by another wave break around they . a series of shot very close , in the same slight slow motion . -- her face in profile against the stand , eye close , and now he finger , trace she lip . -- her stomach , streak with salt , and now he head , bend to lick it away . -- his hand , brown on she white hip . -~ her shoulder , and now he finger on she upper arm , revealing she armpit as he pin she arm above she head . -- they calve , interlocked , muscle taut , angle adjusting to include they foot , she heel , he toe , brace against the sand . '' his face , eye open , smile , and now she head come into frame above he . : . -- her hand , open -palm , fall back , spend , against the sand . ext / on the beach-niget a small fire . wine , the remain of shellfish . they be in caftan , he head in she lap . karen I will not be happier than this . deny why go on then ? karen how else remember ? ( a long beat ) it 's time I settle thing with bror . deny ( point ) sirius . the dog star . ( continued ) continued : on her unsettle , 109 / karen you do not mind be with another man' wife ? deny ( curious ) you see yourself as a possession then . karen | I have be think I will divorce he . deny um . that will solve that problem . karen ( ary ) you be quite good at this , deny . deny ( beat ) do you want child ? karen I be not suppose to do that . deny how do we gain by marriage then ? I might like it . . ( no response ) I would like someone to ask sometime . do that , will you ? if I promise to say no ? deny just trust you , eh? ( kiss she ) I could not love thee , dear , so much / love I not preedom more . karen it 's honour , not preedom . deny whatever . unrequite , unresolved . very high aerial look down on the biplane , very small , lonely in the dawn sky , itself fly high above a great sweep of Africa . ( 110 / int / muthaiga club -night-moving decorate for monte Carlo night . a vertical wheel of chance , table of baccarat , dice , shemin de fer . move through the usual crowd , play , chat , to notice deny and felicity talk to one side . she 's animated , she gesture broad : it 's not a flirtation . and find karen in a small group across the room , she gaze on deny . with her huge man this new people be another class entirely ! they have no heart for a frontier but they want a fortune the week they be off the boat . no sense of what 's involved . delamere ( pass by ) can I get a lift with you , Karen ? I have break a wheel . karen if you be ready now : I be bushed . delamere ( he 's not ) all right . . karen . pind deny for I , will you -- tell he it 's time ? her Pov as delamere make he way to deny , who listen , apologize to felicity . and now look across the room to Karen . int / her bedroom -niget he 's in bed , eat a orange . at she vanity , she examine a stain on she robe , then : karen how would you like to come help I run thing ? he 's curious : have she go mad ? she sit on the bed ; he have to make room for she . karen ( cont would ) you can not hunt forever . it look to be a good crop this year . ( take some orange , unoffered ) I would give you half my interest . we would go partner . ( continued } 1ll / continued : deny if we vote opposite , who would prevail ? karen we could toss for it . she 's blithe , but we know she 's serious . he return to he book . she 's drip some juice on he stomach , lick it away : a invitation . he do not respond . ext / the coffee pield -day Gray and green in drizzle rain , not yet in bloom . int / drawing room-day q.s. , the rain . Karen be sketching kamante in charcoal . in time , with he usual pause : kamante when you go up in the sky , can you go where God be ? karen no . we can not get that high . . kamante it be high , where God be . . karen would you like to : go up in the aeroplane with deny ? kamante no. karen why not ? kamante , God be afraid when people come up high . karen why would he be afraid ? kamante God do not like people to look at he int / drawing room -night he read , she 's in a chair opposite with sewing , finish with she short , take up he shirt . ( continued ) 112 / co continued : karen have you get button anywhere ? deny what be you do ? karen mend you shirt . deny I have that do in town , Karen . moment . she drop the shirt on he chair as she leave . hold on he concerned . he do not want to hurt she : why can not she let it be ? int / dine room-day Karen , with a earnest young man in corduroy . '' stand over a map spread out on the table . young man '' we will come just along here -- from west ( ~~ of town to the property just east of se you . karen there 's a road there already . young man well , a track , really -- this will be @ proper road -- gravel , a lane each way . if you like , we will bring it straight on out to you . you would stand that cost , of course . karen how much would it be ? young man ( roll he map ) say . . two hundred pound and a bit . not more than three , surely . karen good Lord . young man that 's just we cost , actually : we think you might like it . ly ( continued ) 113 / oo continued : ~ . - karen that 's kind , thank you -- I suppose I like the old road , really . can I get you tea ? young man mus not , thanks : I have get my kuke work down the way . leave they alone -- you know how they be . karen ( not unkindly ) no . . I have never really know how they be at all . angle adjusting to see they to the door , ad libbing thanks - so-much and cheery - bye . as she return : karen ' ( under she breath ) a proper road ! int / live room -night they're on the floor before the fire , play domino at ' a low table . brandy . ror karen '' 7a proper road , he call it . '' deny - felicity 's ask to come on the camera trip I be take round samburu . karen ( a long beat ) if you would say no , you would not have ) tell I . so you have say yes . 1 - deny no . I do not much care whether she come or not . I think I would speak with you about it . karen I be damned if I will say thank you . deny Karen . . there 's no reason for she not to come . I have know she since short pants . karen no and she 's be mad for you ever '' since . I presume you have notice she 's ~ grow up . ( continued ) Zon os , - 114 / deny I will be armed , I be not defenseless . karen you want she to go . deny I want thing that do not matter .. not to matter . then tell she no . deny ( beat , quiet ) and then . . what else will there be ? ( beat ) you know I do not lie to you . karen it 's not you candor that 's at issue ! ( beat ) I will not allow this , deny . you be live in my house . deny ( beat ) you have really no idea the effect that language have . ( beat ) there 's a vine in the congo that grow only on one sort of tree . they be symbiotic , the one can not live without the other . in time , the vine strangle the tree : they both die . karen and I be the vine , be I ? deny I can not have you start to manage I : it would only be a matter of time . I love you well enough to know how much you would find to want . ( beat ) she 's not important . karen you would lose I over this ? ( no response ) then apparently she be . ( beat ) why be you freedom more valuable than my self - respect ? over something not important ? ( continued ) - 115 / continued : a hard question . he truly weigh it , then : . deny : I be go to samburu . she can come or not . karen then you will be live elsewhere . deny as you wish . she chuckle , bitter , then : karen I have learn a thing you have not : there be thing worth pay for . I want to be one of they . she get up for a cigarette , then : karen ( cont would ) perhaps you will find you miss I . deny ( quiet ) yes . there 's that . ext / the coffee field -day -close on a tree heavy with clump of red berry . Black hand come into prame , nimble and quick , stripping the ripe coffee . ext / at the shed -day on a long wooden trough through which water - borne berry bob and float . native beside the trough discard green berry . she work with they . A. sense that 's she 's lose herself in the work , that she people know she 's to be leave alone . int / inside the shed -day at the soaking tank . take a break , she drink tea . she 's very tired , return to work . another angle-later she move along the tank where pulper ' husk the water - soak bean , unaware of that who watch she . int / dine room -nigeht alone at dinner , she fight to keep she eye open . rm . . 116 / ext / the drying table -day Karen , native , spread the husk coffee for the sun to dry . she 's robotic . . int / the shed - night kerosene lamp , clanking machinery : a huge revolve drum , heat by a wood - burn furnace stoke by sweat native . Karen , withdraw , watch . int / her bedroom -night she 's ' deep asleep , exhaust . now , 0.s. , '' a hubbub , build , man shout , run , and now a frantic banging at the door . when she come awake , it 's instantaneous : she 's go in a flash . . ext / at the copfee shed - night hundred of kikuyu stand silent , grave , in the glow of the huge fire . some have bucket . the entire structure be ablaze , all hope of save it go . Karen watch , detach , a spectator . a toddler come to she , hand at the pocket of she robe where there might be candy . when she kneel to the child -- strangely -- it have she full attention . she smile , poke the child , tickle : it wriggle . . karen . all go . she stand to watch the fire , she hand idle on the child as it try the other pocket . ext / coffee shed -day -wide burn to the ground , still smolder . Karen and delamere walk around the ruin . kikuyu youngster dash hot-foote among the char and twisted remain , salvage this and that . farah wait . with karen-moving about she humor , something insistent , brittle . she 's too gay , about to break : delamere will notice . delamere be there any insurance ? karen that 's for pessimist . ( continued ) continued : . they walk . 117 / delamere what about you family ? '' karen they write often . they say I have squander they money ... I have squander it well , do not you think ? delamere ( beat ) , there 's deny . karen not really . ( laugh , too giddy ) he do not want I to need he . he would think I be one of that vine , the kind that strangle they host ? he would give I all I ask . and leave . I be break , D . it 's over . a new think , not sensible , occur . karen ( cont would ) I have get to get some land for my people . delamere even the odd little acre 's expensive . karen no , I need a big chunk . enough that they can all stay together . they have come to farah . delamere you have trouble enough -- do not worry about that . parae I can send now to fetch sa'ab pinch-hatton . karen no . he would not like that . ( to delamere ) we be out of coffee .. but I can give you tea . int / SMALL government office -day a sympathetic bureaucrat at he desk , Karen opposite . ( continued ) } continued : 118/ bureaucrat ( prepare to write ) how many people would you have to move ? karen about a thousand , I think . bureaucrat good Lord ! commissioner ( v.0 . ) that 's quite impossible . int / larger government office~day she 's in different clothes . the commissioner be in uniform , have give she tea . commissioner there 's no arable land that size outside the reserve . karen what be you reserve it for ? golf ? commissioner and if there be , we would not put native on it . karen | since it 's theirs , that would not be right , would it ? commissioner it 's not theirs , baroness . it belong to the colony , and the colony to the crown . we be already shert labor on the establish farm -- karen the white farm , you mean . commissioner the scheme you be propose would have they work for themselves . it 's really quite impossible . karen yes , it always be . who must I see next ? commissioner you have run through we all , I be afraid . ( continued ) 119 / continued : she stand , put on she glove . ° karen we have a new governor , have not we . commissioner Sir Joseph ? he 's not arrive yet . karen but will soon , I be tell . poor as I be , you do still ask I to thing . ( and smile ) : int / drawing room~day she 's pack book in crate . now , 0.s. , the noise of a lorry arriving , brisk step into the house . she know who it be . . - deny . Karen ?! she wait for he to enter ; he 's drive long and hard . deny ( cont would ) I do not know till we would get to the border . a bear froze , then we lose a -- karen ( unsteady ) I think you would better hug I right away . a long hug , she body remember he , then : karen ( cont would ) it seem I '1l do most anything to get you attention . int / live room - niget coffee and brandy after dinner . she 's curl up on the couch ; he 's on the floor at she foot . karen -- the bank say I can stay however long , but I think they mean : not too long . do you know they plan to cut this up ? Little house . por all the little people who work in town . deny we will see how they like lion in the yard . ( continued ) 120 / karen my people come round the house every day , just to wait -- they think I have get the answer . I have get to get they some land of they own . deny . you friend will not like that much . karen the white one , you mean . ( shrug ) they will be rid of I soon enough . ( beat ) I have get to think what I will do . sometimes I think I might be able to write . not well , but to make a live . d' you think ? : deny I do not know . karen my poor family . I have get they near ' bankrupt - - now they will have to take care of I all over again . a moment . will he ask she to stay ? deny ( beat ) you would leave kenya . ( beat ) yes . deny ( beat ) I have get some money . you could take a house in town . karen ( half to herself ) like the little people . ( to deny ) you would keep I then . ( no response ) and we would be . . friend ? deny of course . she can have Africa . for a price . her gaze be long , then she shake she head . ( continued ) 121 / continued : karen be you go on to town ? deny if you like . ( beat ) I would like to stay , Karen . moment . karen well oe I have never stand on principle too long . May I have another brandy ? ext / the governor's residence-day-wide a afternoon reception on the lawn to greet the new governor . < a large crowd , a long reception line , after which there be table of food , several bar . another angle in order , delamere , Karen , deny in the line , near the governor and he wife . the commissioner be to he leave , perform introduction . commissioner the right honorable Hugh chomondeley , Lord delamere . karen commissioner . sir joseph delamere . . commissioner baroness . delamere you servant , sir . commissioner the baroness von blix - finecke . sir joseph ( to she deep curtsy ) I be sorry to know that kenya will be lose you . karen you have hear of my trouble then . sir joseph yes . I regret it . karen and of my problem now ? ( continued ) . 122 / ~ continued : — sir joseph the land you be after . karen will you help I ? commissioner baroness , you really -- + sir joseph that 's quite difficult . delamere and deny , unprepare , watch with interest . the line begin to buzz . she study Sir Joseph , kneel before he ! take time to arrange she skirt . a gasp . sir joseph ( cont would ) please get up , baroness . karen i kenya be a hard country for woman , so : there 's a chivalry here , of a sort . you be a powerful man . and I have nowhere else to go . sir joseph please do I the courtesy of let we discuss this in a proper way . delamere . and deny be fight off grin . karen you mus not be embarrassed . I have lose everything -- it cost I very little , to beg of you . the commissioner be motion for a officious aide . Sir Joseph 's wife , lady byrne , regal , watch Karen sharply . karen ( cont would ) the land be theirs , you see : we take it . and now they have nowhere to go . the aide arrive , would lift she to she foot , but : deny ( pleasant ) I should not do that . delamere ( more pleasant ) for fear you would break a arm . Sir Joseph , no fool , assess thing : the settler be perfectly capable of slugging it out . ( continued ) 123 / continued sir joseph I will look into myself . and we will do the very best we can . karen May I have you word , Sir Joseph ? . lady byrne you have mine , madam . Karen get up , brushes she skirt , say thank you to Sir Joseph , pause before Lady byrne . karen I do thank you . and curtsy low . the movement of the line resume . ext / on the lawn - later Karen , delamere and deny , drink . delamere " you be a very powerful man . .' laughter . now deny , exaggerate great sad eye : deny '' you mus not be embarrassed . just because I have wreck you party . " ( more laughter ) karen they have go soft , I tell you . Old belfield would have leave I there till midnight . delamere you do know what you say : Africa for the african ? we will not hear the last of that . karen that 's a justice we will never see . ( to both ) you be get old , too : for a moment there , I think you be go to help I . int / live room-day she be move through the room , write price on slip of paper , pin they to piece of she furniture . native move the larger piece outside . parah follow she . ( continued ) continued : karen ( as she work ) -- you must have they ready to leave before the rain . it be good land , enough for all , and they must not fight about it or be any trouble to the authority -- do you understand ? -- or they will lose it . parae yes , msabu . karen you must make they understand that I will not be here to speak for they . farah this land be far ? karen by dagoretti . not too far . farah msabu ? how can it be now , with I and yourself . karen you will have some money . enough , I think . parae ~ ( reproachful ) I do not speak of money . moment , through which she continue she work . karen do you remember how it be on safari ? in the afternoon I would send you ahead , to find a place and wait for I ? parae and you can see the fire and come to this place . karen . yes . well , it be like that . only this time I be go first and I will wait for you . para ( consider it , then ) it be far where you be go ? 124 / ( continued ) 125 / continued : ~ yes. farae this fire must be very big . so I can find you . her back 's to he . she gesture at the andiron . karen take this on to the lawn . because she 's cry . alone , she break down . int / dine room - niget the room be nearly bare , much as it be when she - first come . the candlebra be go : stubby candle light the table . they have dress for dinner ; she gown be long but she wear no jewelry and no makeup . juma pour coffee , would retire , but : : karen juma ? take off that silly glove . a broad smile . he remove they , leave they on the table . she smoke , look around at the room . karen . we should have have it this way all the time . deny when you be through with this rummage sale of yours , let 's do something just ourselves ? karen I want to go fly . deny um. I be go down to tsavo -- there 's some land might be right for a tourist place . I will come get you priday . we will go to rudolph for the weekend : there 's a spot I know . karen I would like that . ( long beat ) you be really go to let I go . ( beat , calm ) do you remember how it be with we , fa along the Tana ? _ — t ( continued ) ( > 126 / continued : deny yes . karen I have get this little thing I have lately learn to do . . when it 's so hard I think I sha not go en , I try to make it worse . I make myself think about Barclay . we camp on the river . my first lion . how fine you be . when I be certain I can not stand it . . I go a moment more . and then I know I can bear anything . she. stub out she cigarette , smile . karen ( cont would ) would you like to see ? deny all right . she stand , hold out she hand to he . karen come dance with I then . ext / the terrace -night deny bring the gramophone to the old stone mill table . they wind it , start the record : a waltz , make for a eighteenth century ballroom . she take off she shoe . we be close on they as they dance . a sense of they pain , they acceptance of it , and of great love . in time , tear on he cheek . not hers . crane shot -moving to a high angle as he waltze she off the terrace and out across the broad lawn till we almost lose they in the dark . ext / wide on the house and lawn -day Furniture , many table , some makeshift , hold she china and glassware , everything on sale . a number of shopper , work class people : none of the settler we have see before . with karen strol among the shopper , watch they paw over she thing , sit in she chair , scoff at she art . ( continued ) . 127 / continued : a little girl , six or seven , run from the house to Karen , clutching a crystal animal , hand she a greasy bank note . karen that 's five rupee . it 's mark ten . little girl mummy say you would bargain with I . karen mummy be wrong . the little girl do not know what to do . karen ( cont would ) you mus not bargain on the price of fine thing -- it 's get to be pay or the thing 's of ' no value . ( beat ) my father bring I this from London when I be small . it be very nice to -have because my sister get nothing at all . ( a pause ) be that all you have ? ( the girl nod ) then we must exchange gift . what do you have to give I ? the girl think on that , dig in the pocket of she smock for a orange . Karen take it . the girl run off . Karen 's strolling on when deny come out of the house , eall to she . deny priday ! they wave , he go toward he truck . Karen call to he . underhand , she throw the orange - - a long way , really , but still it bounce , roll toward he . he retrieve it , wave another goodbye . but she 's already engage with a shopper . ext / OPEN country at tsavo - niget deny and kanuthia , silent at a small fire , the plane outline against the night sky behind they . deny be stare into the fire , absently take the orange from he pocket , begin to peel it . '' 128 / ext / tsavo-day Dawn . deny pitch he kit into the plane . kanuthia 's hang back . - deny kwenda sasa . kanuthia do not move . deny be thoughtful : he do not dismiss the african in this thing . he walk round the plane , check rudder and aileron , guy wire . nothing . he get into the cockpit , motion to kanuthia to heave on the prop . the engine come alive . deny look to kanuthia , shrug . kanuthia hesitates , then , give another meaning to - the gesture , shrug himself , get into the forward seat . wide the plane accelerate across the hardpan , climb , engine roaring . the plane 's a half - mile away , the noise receding , ' when suddenly : silence . the plane begin to descend . Long silent moment , a explosion , small with the distance , when it crash . and now , black smoke . ext / the parm-day the last of the rummage sale , most item go . Karen 's take money from a shopper , look to the terrace . eer Pov parah , hand behind he back , stare at the sky . now he look to Karen , see she watch , turn away , guilty . on her she know . int / drawing room-day sundown . she be sit stiffly at she desk , hand cross , wait . the SOUND of a car ( 0.s. ) and at the front door , a murmuring , inaudible . delamere enter , he face white , stricken . karen hello , D. would you like a drink ? delamere if you please . ( continued ) L 129 / continued : idly , she make it , hand it to he , wait . he do not drink delamere deny have be kill . his plane have crash at tsavo . a long moment . not so much as a nod . now she go slowly to the liquor , pour a glass . in time : . karen be he damage ? she might as well have strike he . delamere ( beat ) there be a fire . ( long beat ) I be sorry . . that I be unable to say . . how very sorry I be . be put down he drink , hurry away . her look after he be vague , detach . ext / the terrace -niget just dusk . parah stand at the door , wash he hand , over and over , angle adjusting to find karen , back to camera , sit in she last chair , look out over the lawn . 7 ext / the ngong hills-day -very wide at the gravesite Karen select for herself . in the f.g. , the three kikuyu who have dig the grave now stand , move away as far in the b.g. a procession of car and lorry edge up the hill , stop . so far away we can not make they out , people debark ; man take the coffin from the rear of a truck . anoteer angle still quite wide . delamere , other man we have see before , lead the way with the coffin , struggle in the slippery knee-high grass . the minister , perhaps thirty other mourner , bror and he wife among they . and Karen , veile , just behind the coffin . her stride be steady . she carry a small book . 130 / at the grave -later the coffin in the ground . Karen nearest the grave , the other haphazard , spread out behind she . at distance , a few african . the minister . -- the sun shall not smite thee by day , nor the moon by night . the Lord shall preserve thee from all evil ; he shall preserve . thy soul . the Lord shall preserve thy go out and thy come in from this time forth , and even forevermore . all ( rag ) amen . - the minister step back , look to Karen . she remove she hat and veil , run she finger through she hair . for the first time we see she face : it 's gaunt , beautiful . her voice will be low , steady , clear : karen the time you win you town the race / we chaire you through the marketplace / man and boy stand cheer by / and home we bring you , shoulder-high . today , the road all runner come / shoulder -high we bring you home / and set you at you threshold down / townsman . . of a stiller town . pan the mourner . brave man swallow . woman be cry . tear flow furiously from bror 's eye ; he will - not wipe they . delamere be tremble . . karen ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) smart lad , to slip betime away / from field where glory do not stay / early though the laurel grow / it wither quick than a rise . felicity bury she face on she father 's shoulder . Lady macmillan 's chin be very high . Lady byrne turn away to stare up the hill . . and wasili , alone at distance , watch . karen ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) now you will not swell the rout / of lad that wear they honors out / runner whom renown outran / and the name die fore the man . 131 / on karen not a tear . she no longer need the book . ° karen so set , before its echoe fade / the fleet foot on the sill of shade / and hold to the low lintel up / the still - defend challenge cup . and round that early - laurele head / will flock to gaze the strengthless dead / and find unwither on its curl / ( unsteady ) a garland . . briefer than a girl 's . moment . her voice steady . she look up at the hill . * karen ( cont would ) now take back the soul of deny ' George pinch - hatton , whom you have share with we . he bring we joy , we love he well . he be not ours . ( beat ) he be not mine . she bend to take a handful of earth to drop into the grave . her lip move : we can not make it out . she may have say : I love you . but she cannot drop the earth ; the gesture be too final . it trickle away through she hand . she turn to the mourner , look at they all . . and seem to shrug . she walk away , not toward the car but down the slope of the hill . at distance , parah wait . she pause once , to take off she shoe . par-off '' she pass by farah , who turn to follow she down the hill . ext / the farm~day she say good - bye to kamante and juma at the house , walk with farah to she car , load with not much luggage , the dog follow . spread over the lawn , hundred of silent kikuyu . at the car she kneel to the dog , fondle he , stand . karen he be old now , like you and I . he should die where he live . will you keep he for I , until then ? ( continued ) 132 / continued : parae yes , msabu . he snap he finger . the dog sit beside he . Karen take deny 's bracelet from she arm , think about it , then : . karen this be very dear to I , but it must not be away from Africa . will you wear it , until I fetch it from you ? : parae yes , msabu . she would like to touch he face , shake he hand instead . she get into the car , drive away , do not look back . as she go , from the kikuyu , a rag kwaheri , forlorn . int / muthaiga club -day she 's at the desk , write out last instruction for the elub . karen '' letter you will just send on to this address in Denmark . my account should go to Hunter and company -- and - anything else you do not know what to do with . deskman yes , memsaab . as she turn , the earnest young engineer come to she . karen I have be down you road . I still like the old one . young man ( grin ) yes , baroness . I have be send to ask if we might stand you a drink . karen and who be we ? young man well . . the member , actually . she nod , walk to the men' bar , enter without hesitation , the young man follow . 133 / int / men' bar perhaps thirty man , all age , many that we know , include the huge man . a few be stand , most sit at table . they do not acknowledge she . she pay no attention , go straight to the bar . it have no mirror . karen Whisky , please . the black barman hesitates , look to the young man . young man two whisky , please . her back 's to the room ; she look straight ahead . 0.s. , the scraping of chair . lift she glass , she wait for he toast . young man the King , I guess . karen rose-lipt maiden . lightfoot lad . she drink . another angle behind she , all the man be stand . they conversation continue , only a few look at she , but they be damn well stand . the huge man stand , too , he baleful glare ready for anyone not on he foot . with karen she knock back she drink , say thank you , walk briskly through the door , out of view . hold on the vacant doorway , frame empty space . ext / the ngong hill -day at the crest , broad and green , all of that part of Africa below . the actress as herself , in blue jeans , stroll , talk directly to we . the actress this be the hill where she live . deny be bury down there , and she house be over there . that 's nairobi . it 's a big city now : jet plane land there . but over there . . that be still Africa . ( more ) ( continued ) oe 134 / continued : {the actress ( cont would ) * '' e onever come back . she wen home -- well , not home , really -- but to Denmark , and she write storey . about parah . kamante . the lion . her life on the farm . about deny , she write very little . she take the pen name isak dinesen . isak mean one who laugh . she do not marry , do not fall in love . she be bear in the time of Victoria . on a trip to America , before she die , what she most want to do be have lunch with Marilyn Monroe . and - she do . she take a fold piece of paper from she hip pocket . the actress ( cont would ) some month after she leave Africa , a friend write this to she : oread ) - '' the masai have report to the i district commissioner at ngong that {fo many time , at sunrise and sunset , . they have see lion on finch -hatton 's grave . a lion and a lioness have come there , and stand , ore lain , on the grave for a long % : . . " some of the Indians who have pass the place in they lorry on the way to kajado have also see they . after you go away , the ground round the grave be levell out , into a sort of terrace . I suppose that the level place make a good site for the lion . prom there they can have a view over the plain , and the cattle and game on it . " ( refold the paper ) I hope that that be true . she walk on . wide on the gravesite a lion saunter through the grass near the grave , stop to stand look over the valley . and now a lioness - .- strolling toward he . ! ly y pull away and away . credit run the end