" out of sight " screenplay by Scott Frank from the novel by elmore Leonard White final : 08/05/97 Blue revise : 09/17/97 pink revise : 11/11/97 Green revise : 12/15/97 goldenrod revise : 12/16/97 buff revise : 03/17/98 salmon revise : 03/23/98 black we hear traffic , some STREET noise , then ... fade in : a miami STREET - day the financial district . lot of people in suit . a shaky , spasmodic zoom in find ... jack foley -- forty , big , focus expression -- as he rip a tie from around he neck and throw it down in the gutter . he start across the street , now peel off he suitcoat and drop that , too , right there on the asphalt as we then ... whip pan over to reveal : a bank across the STREET as foley go inside , we then ... CUT to : a printed brochure that read ... looking for money ? you 've come to the right place . we then pull back to reveal that we be now ... inside the bank as foley stand at a counter hold the above credit application while he study the bank layout . foley watch a man in a suit , carry a attache-case , enter the bank and move through the gate into the fence - off business area at the front . a executive rise from he desk , shake hand with the man and they both sit down . foley ross the brochure in the trash , then cross to a teller window where a nameplate on the counter tell we the young woman with the pile of dark hair smile at he be loretta . teller / loretta how can I help you , sir ? foley Loretta , you see that guy talk to you manager , have he case open ? foley take out a zippo lighter and casually , yet expertly , begin to fiddle with it as the teller look across the bank . loretta that 's Mr. guindon , one of we assistant manager . we manager be Mr. schoen , but he 's not in today . foley but you see the guy with the attache case ? loretta ( look again ) yes . foley that 's my partner . he have a gun in there . and if you do not do exactly what I tell you , or you give I any kind of a problem , I will look over at my partner and he will shoot you Mr. guindon between the eye . Loretta go stiff , swallow , stare back at foley . foley ( cont 'd ) now take one of that big envelope and put as many hundred , fifty and twenty as you can pack into it . nothing with bank strap or rubber band . I do not want any dye pack . I do not want any bait money . start with the second drawer and then the one over there , under the computer . come on , Loretta , the key 's right there next to you . no bill off the bottom of the drawer . ( as she work ) first time be rob ? ( she nod ) you be do great . just smile , Loretta , so you will not look like you be be hold up . ( she smile awkwardly ) that 's the way , you be do fine . we hear a bit of thunder and foley cut a fast look out the front door . when he turn back , he see that Loretta 's have some trouble fitting all the bill into the envelope . foley ( cont 'd ) here , give I the twenty . I will put them in my pocket . okay , I have not have to give my partner a sign ; that 's good . now , he 's gonna wait thirty second till after I be out the door , make sure you have not set off the alarm . if you have , he 's gonna shoot Mr. guindon between the eye . okay ? I think that will do it . thank you , Loretta , and have a nice day . loretta you , too . foley head for the door . he pause by Mr. guindon 's desk , look back at Loretta . foley smile at she , then turn to the man sit with Mr. guindon , indicate Loretta ... foley she 's cute , be not she ? the man look across the bank at Loretta . man uh , yeah , I guess so . foley wink at Loretta and walk out . man ( cont 'd ) ( to Mr. guindon ) who be that ? ext . bank - same as foley come out , he calmly walk to a Honda Civic and get in . int . car - same as foley try to start the car . no go . he try again . foley come on ... but the car will not start . foley bang on the wheel ... foley ( cont 'd ) fuck ! foley then stiffen as a cop stick he gun through the open window into foley 's ear ... cop I think you flood it . foley look to the passenger window , where anoter cop , smile , now have he gun point at he . second cop get out have the car , sir . foley wanna hear a funny story ? second cop shut up and get out have the car . and as foley oblige , we then ... fade to white . we hear a man grunt . then see foley in slow motion as he jump through frame , now we see a basketball come up in he hand as we realize he 's on he way to the rim when ... ... another guy ram into he in mid-air , knock he down . ext . prison yard - day a basketball game in progress . all of the man , foley include , be dress in blue coverall and white t-shirt . the game be rough . Hair be pull . eye be poke . face punch . a title read : " glade correctional institution . belle glade , florida . " foley be the oldest player here . he 's get tired , start to lose he breath . he finally walk off the court , breathe so hard he can not even talk . he simply motion to some young convict to come in and take he place . foley sit down on a bench , try to catch he breath . he look across the yard to where ... a group of elderly inmate sit around a wooden picnic table be play card . all of they be over sixty . one of they , a one - legge guy on crutch hop away from the table , spit out some tobacco as we ... intercut the old timer with foley watching they : as we see one old guy be make a picture frame out of old pal mal and lucky Strike pack . another tend to a tomato bush in a tiny patch of garden near the wall . another one sit nearby painting a picture of a man and a boy fishing from a rowboat . foley be about to get up off the bench when something catch he eye . he watch as ... two latino men both little guy , jog past the game , slow to a walk , then stop and begin stretch out . one of they nod to foley . foley nod back , wait for the Latin guy to walk off , then walk over to a guard , pupko ( " pup " ) , heavy - set , dumb as dirt . pup you want something , foley ? foley keep he eye fix on the basketball game . foley some people be go out of here . what if I tell you where and when ? pup how many ? foley I expect you to look out for I , pup , let I run off work detail . pup okay . how many go out ? foley I hear six . pup when ? foley look like tonight . pup you know who they be ? foley I do , but I will not tell you just yet . meet I in the chapel at eight - thirty , right before lock - down . int . mess hall - lunch as foley take he tray up the centre aisle , he scan the sea of white t-shirt until he see the two little latin sit at a table full of other little latin . chino -- fifty , in shape -- shovel macaroni in he mouth . chino 's " wife " , lulu , nineteen , look up from he own neat tray of macaroni and jello and watch foley walk past and sit down with a bunch of biker . foley watch as the guy across from chino scrape some macaroni off he plate and on to chino 's and chino wolf that down , too . ext . mess - day chino step outside and light a cigarette . he put a arm around lulu , start to walk off ... foley ( os ) today 's the day , huh ? chino look over , watch foley approach , let he arm slip down so he can hook he thumb into lulu 's belt ... the next thing to have he on a leash . foley you excited ? chino I tell you , man , Super bowl Sunday . foley yeah , but I see you move it up . chino ( beat ) why you think be today ? foley you be out run this morning , stick to you routine , anybody happen to notice . but you only do a couple of mile instead of you usual five . save yourself for the main event . then I see you inside eat ten pound of macaroni . carbohydrate for endurance . chino and lulu exchange look . chino you want , I tole you you can come . you all right , foley . I like you . foley you tell I I can come ' cause I catch you digging the fuckin ' tunnel , see you and lulu come out of the bush , think maybe you two be make out . foley smile at lulu , who glare back at he . foley ( cont 'd ) so what , you finish ahead of schedule ? chino look towards the fence along the front of the yard . chino you see what they do , that post out there ? put up another fence , five metre on the other side of the one that 's there . we wait until Super bowl Sunday , they could have the second fence build and we have to dig another nine , ten day . so we go soon as it 's dark . you want -- I mean it -- you can still come . foley I appreciate the offer . and it 's tempting . foley look off towards the visitor ' parking area , the fence not twenty yard away . foley ( cont 'd ) but , man , it 's a long run to civilization . a hundred mile to Miami ? I be too old to start act crazy , try a stunt like that . you make it out , send I a postcard . CUT to : a notepad where we see someone have write " it's magic ! " then cross out the " it be " and replace it with the word " like " . we hear the phone ring and ... reveal : int . adele' apartment - day Miami Beach moderne . adele -- mid-thirty , pretty , foley 's ex -- sit at she kitchen table write on a pad . she grab the phone . adele hello ? ( then , sigh ) yeah , I accept . int . prison hallway - day foley on the phone ... foley' voice hey , Adele , how you do ? intercutting foley &amp ; adele : adele hey , Bank robber , want some advice ? next time , leave the engine run . foley that 's funny , Adele . how many more time you gonna gimme that one ? adele till it 's not funny any more . what do you want , Jack ? foley you know that Super bowl party ? they change the date . it 's on tonight , eight - thirty . adele do not you tell I one - time call be not monitor ? foley I say not as a rule . adele so why do not you come right out and tell I what you be talk about ? foley listen to miss smarty mouth . out there in the free world . adele what 's free about it ? I be look for work . foley what happen to mandrake the magician ? adele emil the amazing . the bastard fire I and hire another girl , a redhead . I be work on a new business card , pass out to the cafe . how 's this sound -- foley ( cut she off ) listen , Adele , the reason I call , that party be today instead of Sunday . about eight - thirty , like only a few hour from now . so you will have to get hold of buddy , whatever he might be do ... adele and the one drive the other car ? foley what be you talk about ? adele well , see as you have so much luck with car , buddy think it might be better to bring two . he get this guy he say you know from lompoc , Glenn something . foley Glenn michael . adele yeah , that 's he . buddy say Glenn think you guy be real cool . foley he do , huh . well , tell buddy I see Glenn wear he sunglass I will step on them . I might not even take them off first . int . restaurant - day as marshall sisco -- fifty -- slide a small wrap box across a table ... marshall happy birthday . ...to where karen sisco -- twenty - eight , black suit , long hair , a knockout -- sit . she pick up the box and shake it . karen you fit another chanel suit in here ? marshall something better . open it . Karen start to carefully unwrap the present . Marshall watch , take a sip of he drink , look around the bar , see how everyone 's look at the two of they ... karen ( open the box ) oh my God ... she pull a gleam automatic pistol from the box ... karen ( cont 'd ) it 's beautiful . marshall it 's a -- karen -- sig -sauer .38 . I love it . she lean across the table and kiss he . karen ( cont 'd ) thanks , dad . marshall happy birthday , kid . ( then ) you want another Coke ? karen ( check she watch ) can not . I gotta drive out to glade , then I be meeting Ray nicolet at ten . marshall which one be that ? the atf guy ? karen he be . Ray 's with the f.b.i. now , he switch over . marshall he 's still marry though , huh ? karen technically . they be separate . marshall oh , he 's move out ? karen he 's about to . marshall then they be not separate , be they ? karen can we change the subject ? marshall what be you do at glade ? karen serve process , a summon and complaint . some con do mandatory life do not like macaroni and cheese . he file suit , say he have no choice in what they serve and it violate he civil rights . marshall you know you can always step in , work with I full - time as one of my investigator . karen no thanks . marshall you use to like it . karen dad ... marshall you would meet doctor , lawyer -- nothing wrong with they necessarily if they be divorced . why settle for some cowboy cop who drink too much and cheat on he wife ? that 's the way that hotshot be , all of them . karen I really gotta go . marshall we do not get to talk much any more . karen how ' bout I come next Sunday and watch the Super bowl with you ? marshall I would like that . she get up , kiss he again . karen thanks for the gun , dad . int . foley' cell - belle glade - day foley come in , lie down on the bunk . he look about the cell . all he 's get to show for himself . it 's now quiet on the cellblock . foley close he eye and we ... CUT to : ext . prison auditorium a few hundred con scream encouragement / insult as maurice " snoopy " miller , a lanky , scary , mean-look black man in box trunk , hit a white guy with a ferocious hook . title read : lompoc federal penitentiary . lompoc , california . and then ... two year ago . at the back of the auditorium foley lean in a doorway watch with buddy bragg -- black , foley 's age , shave head . the bell sound and the white guy stagger to he corner , as do maurice . glenn michael -- surfer look , dark shade -- count cash in maurice 's corner , whisper something into the fighter 's ear . buddy ref do not call it pretty soon , snoopy 's gonna send this guy out in a body bag . foley watch a man -- fifty , out of place , not as hard - look as that around he . the guy look nervous , can feel the other con ' eye on he as he try to find a seat . the bell sound and the white boxer stagger to he foot . maurice step in and resume the bloody pummelling . foley turn and watch the fight now ... foley anyone ever tell you why they call he snoopy ? buddy shake he head . maurice dance around the other guy now . tease he . foley ( cont 'd ) he be maurice " mad Dog " Miller back when he be pro . now you pet he , he go down . the white guy throw a tired , lope roundhouse that barely glance off maurice 's jaw . sure enough , maurice make a big show out of snap he head back , staggering , before he finally go down . buddy I do not believe it . foley watch the new inmate as fight erupt all around he and , anxious now , he try to get out of there . ext . prison yard - day foley and buddy sit atop a cement picnic table watch as nearby , the " win " boxer -- still wear last night 's pummelling on he face -- gloat to a group of con . he throw a fake punch at one of they as he demonstrate he win technique ... buddy guy 's braggin ' he win a throw fight . fuckin ' pathetic . foley look at the other side of the yard where maurice now stand at the far side of the yard coldly watch the guy , one hand thrust into he pocket . foley watch as maurice stop the new inmate -- the older guy who look out of place at the fight -- as he come out into the yard . foley it 's Richard ripley . buddy ( look now ) the Wall Street guy ? oh , yeah . I do not recognize he without he rug . foley watch as maurice talk to the new inmate , the guy nodd , acquiescent , respectful . foley Dick the ripper they call he , on account of all the people he rip off . foley watch as ripley now make a note in a black book . buddy what 's he doin ' here ? glenn ( os ) Three year . they look to where Glenn michael , the blond guy in dark shade we see in maurice 's corner , work out on the bench press a few foot away . he 's shirtless , tan , in shape . glenn he get three year and fine fifty million dollar and write them a fuck check . like that , fifty mile , sign he name . ( struggle with the bar ) whoa -- little help here ! foley who you talkin ' to , stud ? I , or buddy . I can not tell , you get that shade on . glenn you guy -- come on -- this be too heavy ! foley I guess the bright glare out here make it hard to see the number on the weight . glenn I will take the shade off . just get this fuckin ' thing off I . foley help he get the bar up . Glenn sit up . buddy how do you know he write a check ? glenn he tell I . he work the laundry with I . the guy love to talk . foley yeah , to the U.S. Attorney . I hear he roll over on all the snitch he be do business with and get them all bring up . he watch snoopy talk to ripley , one eye always on the swagger boxer across the yard , one hand in he pocket . glenn hey , anybody that can write a check for fifty mile , he say < i>any < / i>thing I be all fuck ear . like the other day , he tell I how he 's get all this money in foreign bank , plus around five mile in uncut diamond at he house . he say , quote , " where I can put my hand on it anytime . " buddy cool . where 's the guy live ? foley watch a few more of maurice 's friend surround ripley . again , ripley take out he black book , start nodd , make notation ... glenn Detroit . snoopy Miller tell I uncut diamond be as easy to move as cash . foley ever see a uncut diamond , stud ? they look like plain old rock . glenn so . what 's you point ? foley my point be , that 's probably what you be gonna end up with . glenn you think he 's lie ? foley use you head . the guy get five million lie around he house , you really think he 's gonna tell some motormouth he just meet in prison about it ? a bell sound . everyone start walk for the gate . foley watch as the Boxer and he crew head for the gate , maurice still stand there with he hand in he pocket . slow motion as the boxer get to the gate , see maurice who move to he now , smile like he 's so glad to see he ... he leave hand clap the guy on the back , say something like congratulation as now he right hand come out of he pocket and we see the long metal shiv - - buddy ( watch snoopy ) here it come . maurice wrap he leave arm around the boxer 's shoulder and hug he tight for a moment , then quickly move away . the Boxer stand there like a statue , do not move until he 's at last jostle from behind and he leg fold and he drop to the cement . buddy ( cont 'd ) I guess the snoop do not like to lose , even if it 's on purpose . we hear a whistle blow as a guard spot the body . and now everyone move like hell for the gate ... except for ... Richard ripley who stand there freeze , stare down at the body . foley glance back at the approach guard , casually take ripley by the arm as he pass , lead he away from there , talk to he as they walk into the block ... foley you do not wanna be stand there , the hack start ask question you do not wanna answer . ripley oh , uh , right , thanks ... foley then move away . he see maurice look back at he , give he a hard stare just before he melt into the crowd . dissolve to : int . foley' cell - belle glade - day ( now ) he lie there another moment when ... a pairof legs swing down over the side from the top bunk . foley 's cellmate jump down , walk the three foot or so to the toilet , casually pull down he pants and start to go to the bathroom . foley shake he head and turn away ... ext . strip mall - day as buddy walk up to a cadillac sedan deville concour pull a slim -jim from the back of he pants , about to jimmy the door , when he see ... a woman -- middle - age , wear pearl and high heel -- come out of the winn Dixie push a grocery cart full of grocery . buddy stick the jimmy back in he pants , wait until the woman be open she trunk before come forward ... buddy here , lemme help you with that , mar 'am . she do not seem too sure about it , but let he load the grocery in the trunk and take the key out of the lock . woman I do not ask for you help , so do not expect a tip . buddy smile , wave she off . buddy that 's okay , mar 'am . I will just take you car . she stand there stupidly as he get in and drive off . int . chapel - dusk in the midst of a remodel . as door open and pup come in . foley put a finger to he lip ... foley they be right underneath you , pup . they dig a tunnel . foley watch pup creep up the aisle towards the front of the chapel , eye on the floor , listen ... pup I do not hear them . where 's the tunnel come out ? pup turn he back , walk up the aisle and across the front of the pews to a window . foley second fence post from the tower out there . go on , take a look . as pup stare out the window ... pup I do not see nothing there . foley reach down into a pew where 's stashed a four - foot crucifix . he pick it up , start up the aisle ... foley you will directly . keep watch . int . karen sisco' car - dusk as the high beam from she car show the prison parking area , then the fence strung with razor wire . Karen park near the fence , light a cigarette and dial she car phone . karen hi. Karen sisco again for Ray nicolet . ( beat ) he 's not ? could you tell he that ... never mind . I will call back . headlights hit Karen 's rear-view mirror , a car pull in behind she . the light go off , then come on again . she adjust the mirror to deflect the glare . int . the car behind her - dusk as buddy sit watch the con come in from the athletic field . he see the mirror flash in the car in front of he as Karen check she face out in the rear-view . int . chapel - dusk as foley move up behind pup , he let he jacket fall to the floor , hold the crucifix down against he leg . pup there some car headlight out there ... ( then ) Jesus Christ ... now he pull he radio from he belt , say into it ... pup ( cont 'd ) man outside the fence ! by tower six ! ( respond to radio ) this be Officer pupko ... ( then ) I be look at he , for Christ 's sake ! okay -- now foley raise the metal cross , step in and lay it smack against the side of pup 's head . drop he clean with one swing , bounce he off the window frame and down without a sound come from he . int . karen sisco' car - night as Karen grab the court papers off the seat , open she car door , glance at the fence and pause as she see a figure there , crouching down . Karen turn on she headlight . no , not crouch . the guy be < i> come out of the ground < / i>. on < i>this < / i > side of the fence . head and shoulder appear and another guy come out of the ground . right in front of she . Karen lean on the horn , hold it down and see the two guy by the fence -- chino and lulu -- look into she headlight , poise there for a moment before take off into the dark . Karen get out of the car ... int . buddy be car - same as buddy watch a spotlight from the tower come on and follow the two con as we then hear the sound of rifle report before the man disappear into the dark . then buddy see Karen in he headlight , whistle softly as he get a good look at she long leg as she raise the lid to she trunk ... buddy what 's she do ? he watch she duck she head in the trunk and come out with a holster pistol . buddy ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . but then she throw the pistol in the trunk , duck in there again and come out this time rack a shotgun . buddy ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . and now buddy watch she hurry to the front of she car and raise the shotgun as we hear a whistle blow in the compound . buddy get out of the car ... ext . parking area - same as Karen put the shotgun on two more con , both filthy dirty , stand by the hole they just crawle out of . karen get you hand in the air ! buddy watch the two con , both latin , make up they mind , start edging away -- shit , they have come this far . they look out at the spotlight sweeping around in the dark , then look the other way , along the fence towards the main gate , to see armed hack come out on the run , and that decide it for the con . they take off run ... now buddy watch as Karen put she pump gun on they , but do not fire ... the hack run from the gate with rifle beat she to it , open up all at once and keep fire until the two convict be cut down as they run . the hack glance at Karen , but do not bother with she , more interested in the hole the convict have come out of . now they be stand by it peer in , edging closer with they weapon ready , then they all step back at once , bump into each other as ... a head appear wear a guard 's baseball cap , the guy now say something to the guard , he face smear with muck , excited , point towards the orange grove . they run off , pause briefly to kick the convict they shot to see if they be alive , then keep go . the man in the hole , foley , climb out . he take he time , put on a show , stand with he hand on he hip like a honest - to - God hack , that serious cap down on he eye . buddy wave to foley to come on and Karen turn and put the shotgun on buddy . buddy raise the palm of he hand . buddy it 's okay , honey , we be good guy . karen what be you do here ? not so much ask , but put it to he the way cop do when they be already pretty sure what you be do . she glance around to include foley , now come at she like some creature out of the swamp , give buddy time to take she around the neck . she fight he , jab he in the gut with the butt end of the shotgun before foley wrench it from she grip . they drag she to the rear end of she car , the trunk lid still up , and crouch there as some hack come run along the fence , past the dark gun tower and cross the road towards the orange grove . a moment later , they hear burst of gunfire , then silence . foley I bet that 's all the hack they send out . otherwise nobody 's leave to mind the store . buddy why do not we talk about it later ? he turn to see foley and Karen stare at each other in the headlight from buddy 's car ; Karen not at all afraid . foley why you be just a girl . what do you do for a live you pack a shotgun ? karen I be a federal marshal and you be under arrest , both of you guy . foley keep stare at she like he 's give the situation serious think , but what he say be ... foley I bet I smell , do not I ? ( then ) listen , you hop in the trunk and we will get out of here . Karen look at he , then get up , climb into the trunk . she 's reach around , try to find she pistol , when ... foley give she a shove and get in with she , wedge she against the wall of the trunk , press against she back like they be cuddle up in bed . he hold she to he , give she no room to turn and stick the gun in he face . buddy reach for the trunk lid and then everything go ... black total darkness , not a crack or a pinpoint of light show . then we hear the engine come to life , the car move along . foley ( vo ) you comfy ? karen ( vo ) if I could have a little more room . foley ( vo ) there be not any . all this shit you get in here . what be all this stuff anyway ? handcuffs , chain ... what 's this can ? karen ( vo ) for you breath . you could use it . squirt some in you mouth . foley ( vo ) you devil , it 's mace , huh ? what have you get here , a billy ? use it on poor unfortunate offender . a beam of light appear as he find a flashlight and turn it on . he play the beam along Karen 's leg , calm down some as he look at all of she now and finally say ... foley ( vo ) where 's you gun , you pistol ? karen in my bag , in the car . they go over some bump . we hear man 's voice from somewhere far off , outside . karen ( cont 'd ) you know you do not have a chance of make it . Guards be out here already , they will stop the car . he run he hand down she thigh , look for she gun , but also , just , well , look . foley they be off in the cane by now chase cuban . I time it to slip between the crack , you might say . ext . car - night as buddy floor it away from the prison , check the rearview mirror ... int . trunk - same as Jack try to wipe some of the mud off he face . foley Boy , it stink in there . karen I believe it . you have ruin a nine - hundred - dollar suit my dad give I . foley yeah , go real nice with that twelve gauge , too . ( then ) tell I , why in the world would someone like you ever become a federal marshall ? karen the idea of go after guy like you appeal to I . foley guy like I , huh . well , listen , even though I have be celibate lately , I be not gonna force myself on you . I have never do that in my life . karen you would not have time anyway . we come to a roadblock , they will run the car , find out in five second who it belong to . foley if they get set up in time , which I doubt . and even if they do they will be look for a buncha little Latin fella , not a big black guy drive a Ford . karen must be quite a pal , risk he own ass like this . more bump . then pick up speed as the road smooth out . foley who , buddy ? yeah . he 's a good guy . back when we jaile together , he would call he sister every week without fail . she 's a born-again Christian , do bookkeeping for a televangelist . buddy call she up , confess he sin , tell she about whatever bank he happen to rob . karen buddy . that 's he give name ? foley ( woop , beat ) one I give he , yeah . ( mouth ) fuck ... int . car - same as buddy rifle through Karen 's bag while he drive . he look up from she badge and id case at the road . int . trunk - same karen so , what 's you name ? it will be in the paper tomorrow anyway . foley Jack foley . you have probably hear of I . karen why , be you famous ? foley time I be convict in California ? FBI tell I I would rob more bank than anyone in the computer . karen how many be that ? foley tell you the truth , I do not know . I start when I be eighteen , drive for my uncle cully and he partner , Gus . they go into a bank this one time in slidell , Gus jump the counter to get the teller and break he leg . all three of we end up in angola . karen that 's funny . foley I think so , too . karen it be I , I woulda leave ol ' Gus on the floor . foley I believe you would have . another fall , I do seven year at lompoc . and I do not mean the place next door where some of Nixon 's people go . karen I know the difference . you be in lompoc usp , the federal penitentiary . I have deliver people there . so basically you have spend half you life in prison . foley ( beat ) basically . yeah . if I go back now , I do a full thirty year , no time off . can you imagine look at that ? karen I do not have to . I do not rob bank . he look at she , then look away as we ... ext . car - same as the car turn into a main highway now ... int . trunk - same as foley play the light down the length of she ... foley you do not seem all that scared . karen of course I be . foley you do not act like it . karen what do you want I to do ? scream ? I do not think it would help much . ( then ) I be just gonna sit back , take it easy , and wait for you to screw up . foley Jesus , you sound like my ex-wife . karen you be marry ? all that fall , I be surprised you have time . foley it be just a year , give or take a few day . I mean , it 's not like we do not get along or anything . we have fun , we just do not have that ... that thing , you know ? that spark , you know what I mean ? you gotta have that . karen ( think ) uh-huh . foley we still talk , though . karen sure . ext . car - same as buddy pass a sign that say " miami , 74 mile . " int . trunk - same as she try to get a look at he ... karen you know , this be not gonna end well , this thing never do . foley yeah , well , if it turn out I get shot like a dog , it will be in the street , not off a goddamn fence . karen you must see yourself as some kind of clyde barrow . and for a few moment , all we hear be the sound of the car on the road . then ... foley oh , you mean of bonnie and clyde ? hm . you ever see picture of he , the way he wear he hat ? you could tell he have that do n't- give - a- shit air about he . karen I do not recall he hat , but I have see picture of he lie dead , shot by Texas ranger . do you know he do not have he shoe on ? foley be that right ? karen they put a hundred and eighty - seven bullet hole in clyde , bonnie parker and the car they be drive . bonnie be eat a sandwich . foley you be full of interesting fact , be not you ? karen it be May , 1934 , near gibsland , Louisiana . ext . highway - night quiet . empty . a moment later the car fly past . int . trunk - same foley that part in the movie where they get shot ? Warren beatty and ... I can not think of she name . karen faye dunaway . foley yeah , I like she in that movie about tv ... karen < i> Network < / i>. yeah , she be good . foley and the guy say he be not gonna take any more shit from anybody ... karen Peter finch . foley yeah , right . anyway , that scene where Warren beatty and faye dunaway get shot ? I remember think at the time it would not be a bad way to go , if you have to . karen bleed on a country road . foley it be not pretty after , no , but if you be in that car -- eat a sandwich -- you would not have know what hit you . we hear faint siren os ... int . car - same time as buddy see flashing light approach from the opposite direction . he stay cool as the green and white get closer ... closer ... then fly right on past . int . trunk - same as the siren scream at US for a moment , then fade . foley you be sure easy to talk to . I wonder -- say we meet under different circumstance and get to talk , say you be in a bar and I come up to you -- I wonder what would happen . karen nothing . foley I mean if you do not know who I be . karen you would probably tell I . foley I be just say I think if we meet under different circumstance ... karen you have to be kid . silence . foley try to get back to where it be work ... foley another one faye dunaway be in I like , < i> Three day of the condor < / i >. karen with Robert redford , when he be young . foley yeah ... they lie there a moment , think about that as we hear the car slowing down , coast , then bump along the shoulder of the road to a stop . karen I never think it make sense , though , the way they get together so quick . foley really . karen I mean , romantically . foley uh-huh . ( then ) well , but if -- the trunk go dark again as the car 's turn off . buddy ( os ) you still alive in there ? and the trunk lid raise so that we see Karen and foley lie in the back . foley get out . Karen do not move . foley ( os ) where in the hell be we ? buddy that 's the turnpike up there . Glenn 's wait with the other car . foley okay , honey , come on out of there . Karen push off , roll from she right side to she leave , bring up she sig sauer in both hand to put it on they , both stand in the open , in the dark , but right there . karen get you hand up and turn around . now . foley shit ... foley bring the lid down , he and buddy move in opposite direction as she begin fire from the inside ... as buddy and foley hook up again in front of the car . we can see they be beneath a overpass . foley stare at the trunk . buddy we may as well leave she , we be leave the car and we gotta leave she some place anyway , what 's the difference where ? foley she 's come with we . foley walk to the passenger seat , reach in the window . buddy Jesus Christ , what be you do in there ? foley get the shotgun . and she purse . I would like to know who she be . foley take she wallet , look at she driver 's licence photo . buddy I already look . her name be Karen sisco . like the cisco kid only spell different , s-i-s-c-o . a sheriff 's green- and - white go scream past and they keep to the narrow space between the car and the concrete abutment of the overpass . when the road quiet down , foley move to the trunk and bang on it once with he fist . foley Karen ? be a good girl now , you hear ? now , I be gonna open the -- foley jump at the sound of a pistol shot . foley ( cont 'd ) you be put hole in you car ! he look up to see buddy hold she shotgun , stare at he . he settles down , then ... foley ( cont 'd ) we be not leave you . I be gonna open the trunk enough for you to throw the gun out . okay ? you shoot -- buddy 's get you shotgun , say he will shoot back if you do and I can not stop he . so it 's up to you . foley put he hand out and buddy , still look at he funny , give he the key . voice hey ! come from somewhere above they . voice ( cont 'd ) it 's I , Glenn . foley step out into the open , buddy close behind he . they look up to see a figure , head and shoulder against the evening sky , lean on the concrete overpass rail . we can see he long blond hair fall beside he face , now half - conceal behind dark sunglass . glenn hey , Jack , good to see you , man . the fuck're you guy shoot at ? foley look at buddy . foley do we need he ? buddy the green-and - white see we . one of them start think , what 's that car do there ? tye it to the break and turn around ... foley think about it , then look up at the overpass again . foley oh , hey , stud ? we think you be somebody else . glenn stud . man , I have not hear that since lompoc . what 's go on ? foley oh , nuthin' . foley shake he head , then walk back to the Ford and bang on the trunk . foley ( cont 'd ) you come out ? foley stick the key in the lock as buddy step up to the trunk and rack the pump on the shotgun . foley lean close to the metal . foley ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? he turn the key and raise the lid . Karen , bunched in there , extend she arm , she hand hold the sig sauer by the barrel . karen you win , Jack . " Jack . " buddy give he another funny look . ext . top of overpass - night as Glenn remove a note stick in the side window of a steal audi that read " gone to get gas . " foley have you clothes clean and send I the bill . Glenn look over as the three of they reach the top of the grade , move through the scrub . Glenn lean against the car , flasher blink . karen I will send it to you at glade . glenn Jesus , what would you crawl through , a sewer ? foley take you sunglass off . glenn I see better with they on . foley you do not take them off , I be gonna throw them off the overpass while they be still on you head . Glenn shrug , take they off and stick they in he jeans . foley ( cont 'd ) wait in the car . glenn you be in civilization now , man , ease up . foley I would like you to go wait in the car . how 's that ? take she with you and put she in back . glenn in the trunk ? foley the backseat . foley stare at he , wait . Glenn motion to Karen ... glenn come on . I have to do what I be tell . she walk past foley without look at he . foley wait a minute . let I have you raincoat . ( look at buddy ) somebody forget to bring I clean clothes . buddy I bring them , they be back at glade in the cadillac . you want to take she car . karen you can blame I if you want . I do not mind . he do not say anything as Glenn take off the raincoat , fold it up , then throw it at foley 's foot . glenn here you be , sir . foley watch as Glenn get he sunglass out , put they back on and take Karen by the arm . buddy what 's wrong with you ? Karen look over at foley , then duck she head and get in the backseat . foley why you bring Glenn into this , I will never know . buddy how ' bout the score be he idea to begin with ? foley his idea ? gimme a break . fuckin ' guy 's get a vacant lot for a head . be you and I figure the whole thing out . buddy watch foley struggle with the button on the uniform , all of they cake with muck . buddy you be pull at it . here ... he lay the shotgun in the grass and come up , take the guard shirt in he two hand and rip it open , pop button and tear the shirt . foley I do not know why , but every time he open he mouth I want to punch he out . buddy he be not the problem , Jack . foley look at he . buddy ( cont 'd ) you wanna pull you head outta you ass and tell I why we be bring < i>her < / i> with we ? int . car - same as Karen watch Glenn get into the car , see he as the dome light come on for a second or two before he close the door . he half turn , lay he arm along the top of the seat , run he hand through he hair ... glenn ... if he think he can talk to I like this . shit , I do not even know what I need they for . Karen lean forward to have a look , see foley and buddy against the dark foliage . glenn ( cont 'd ) I get a big score line up up north . they would not even know about it , it be not for I . I could do it right now myself , except it 's so fuck cold up there in January -- karen Glenn ? his head turn so that we can see he designer shade . karen ( cont 'd ) you do not remember I , do you ? glenn ( beat ) it could not have be out at glade , if that 's what you be think . I be never out there . karen no , that 's not what I be think . he raise he hand , stroke he hair away from he face . glenn but you be sure we have meet , huh ? karen last fall , I drive you from the Palm Beach county jail to the federal courthouse , twice . you be Glenn michael . ( then ) I never forget anyone I have cuffed and shackle . he do not move or say a word , stare at she now like he 's be turn to stone . karen ( cont 'd ) let 's think for a minute , Glenn , see if we can work this out ... he turn away , all the way around to look straight ahead ... karen ( cont 'd ) do we have a gun in the car ? glenn I remember you now . shit . karen foley 's not go to make it . and if he go down , Glenn , you go with he . she touch he shoulder and he jump . karen ( cont 'd ) look , I can understand if you and foley be close . glenn we be not . I be help he , yeah -- karen wait . < i> have < / i> you help he , Glenn ? at this point , technically , I doubt you could be charge with aid a fugitive . so you still have a choice . you can help he and risk go down again , get cuffed and shackle , hope to God you pull a reasonable judge , not some hard - on . or , if you want to play it another way ... she pause . he turn and look at she . glenn like how ? ext . overpass - same foley watch a car pass on the highway . buddy you want to take she to my place and get clean up ? you come out of the bathroom with you after- shave on and she go , " oh , I have you all wrong " ? foley I want to talk to she again , that 's all . see what would happen under , you know , normal circumstance . buddy you be too late , Jack . foley do not say anything . just take a deep breath as we hear the car start and they both look over ... buddy ( cont 'd ) he want to get out of here and I do not blame he . they start towards the car . then stop and watch as it take off , tire squealing as the rubber hit pavement . they back to we , they stand there watch the tailight until they be out of sight down the turnpike , neither of they say a word . we hear squeaky footstep over ... CUT to : a corridor in lompoc fpc as maurice Miller and he " man " -- a big black bulk name himey -- strut purposefully up the hall . they step into ... the prison library where Richard ripley sit at one of the table read a big coffee- table book call " the warm world of tropical fish . " maurice Dick . my man . ripley look up as maurice and himey come strolling into the library , sit down on either side of a now very anxious ripley . maurice ( cont 'd ) I get you fishies for you . he set a small Ziploc with two tiny fish inside down on the table . ripley ( reach for they ) thank you ... maurice ( pull they back ) not so fast , dick. ( off ripley 's look ) start now , there 's gonna be a across the board cost a live increase . ripley what ? maurice Year ago , I come in here on credit card fraud , but after I shanke that loudmouth pussy on the yard the other day , my Dunn &amp ; broadstreet , have go way the fuck up . ripley I think it 's Dunn &amp ; bradstreet . but then , I could be wrong ... maurice whoever . the point be , price be goin ' up , too . better get you little black book out , Richard . we get some business to talk about . ripley sigh , take out he black book and open it . maurice ( cont 'd ) let 's start with the fish . they be two grand , but now they 's three . ripley look at the two tiny fish in the bag . maurice ( cont 'd ) that bausch &amp ; lomb saline shit you ask for be gonna be eighty buck . ripley ( write ) well , I need that ... maurice ... and that extra pillow 's gonna be a even three ces . voice hey . they all look to where ... jack foley sit at the far end of the table , read a thick manual of some kind . himey give he a mean stare . foley point to a sign that say " quiet please . " foley sign say " shut the fuck up . " or can not you guy read ? maurice ( beat ) there a problem , foley ? foley yeah . foley shut the big book -- chilton' auto repair . foley yeah , I get a problem . this be the dumbest fuck shakedown in the history of dump shakedown . Three hundred buck for a pillow ? maurice that 's right . ripley sound high , do not it ? foley must be a real soft pillow . maurice faux goose down . ripley still ... foley how much for you company at chow ? maurice company , shit . I watch the man 's back . foley I bet . how much ? maurice another c. foley shake he head , turn to ripley . foley you be smart , ripley , you will tell this guy to fuck off . ripley really ? well , I uhhh ... foley first of all , if he kill you , he 's not gonna get any more money out of you . ripley look at maurice : good point . maurice man do not have to get kill . he could accidentally fall on something sharp , like a shiv . or my dick . ripley turn back to foley now : also a good point . foley you stick anything in this guy , snoop , they transfer he ass outta here faster and you can throw a fight , and you still end up with nothing . ripley nod , take this in . maurice this do not concern you , foley . why do not you go on out to the yard , have yourself a smoke ? foley I do not smoke . himey ( slowly rise ) you hear the man . go on outta here . foley do not move , just give the guy a bored once over . maurice himey here 's a pro-toh - jay of mine . he 's rank number thirty - two in the federal prison system . foley ( look at himey ) thirty - two outta what , twenty ? himey bulldoze forward , pull he massive fist back to clock foley in the head when ... ... in one swift motion foley bring he book up in one hand , like he 's throw a pie , and drive the hefty repair manual into himey 's face , snap the big guy 's head back , send he foot fly out from under he so that he hit the floor back - first with a loud thud . maurice go for foley who pick up the chair just as we hear a whistle . they all freeze , look to ... a prisoner at another table who nod towards the door . we pan over just as a guard appear , take in the scene as a daze himey slowly pull himself up , cover he now bleed nose . guard what 's go on here ? maurice oh , you know , read 's funnamental a ' shit , we just excited . guard clear outta here . the guard exit . maurice and foley be still stare at each other . ripley Excuse I . snoopy ? do we settle the fish thing ? maurice ( look at foley ) yeah . sure . it 's all settle . he pour the water out of the bag and drop the fish into ripley 's open hand . maurice then squeeze ripley 's hand into a fist , crush the fish . he tap he fist to ripley 's . ripley that 's how you do it . maurice give foley a last look , start out of the room with himey . ripley look at the crush fish in he hand , then at foley . ripley thanks for you help . foley any time . we hear a phone ring and then ... CUT to : maurice miller' house - the bedroom - ( now ) as maurice lie in bed watch a box match on television . maurice stick and jab , fool . stick and jab . a frisbee whizze past the television . we hear a dog yelp os . maurice ( cont 'd ) hey ! watch that shit ! maurice 's girlfriend moselle - about thirty , sleepy - eye , in a green bathrobe - pick the frisbee up off the floor as the phone ring away on the bedside table right next to maurice . moselle ( call os ) tuffy . c'mere , boy ... maurice you gonna answer the phone ? moselle what for ? it 's not for I . maurice watch as moselle now try to throw the frisbee to a little wire - haire terrier , but it just bounce off the dog 's head . moselle ( cont 'd ) bad dog . maurice ( scoops up the dog ) moselle , the fuck be you do to my little tuffy ? he lovingly nuzzle the dog like it 's he child . moselle I be trainin' tuffy , so he can be on a kal kan commercial , make we some extra money . he look at she . maurice that 's the dumbest thing I hear in my life . everybody know kal kan do not pay for shit . you gonna get a gig , it 's gotta be for one of the big three : Science diet , iam or that cycle shit for the fat dog . now answer the fuckin phone . she come over , pick up the phone . moselle hello ? ( hand it to maurice ) for you . maurice ( take it ) this be I . ext . phone booth - gas station - night a antsy Glenn with he shade on talk on the phone . glenn snoopy . Glenn michael . intercutting glenn &amp ; maurice : maurice stud . hey , son , you must be one a they psychic friend . I be just thinkin ' about you . Glenn watch as some guy in a suit get out of a black lincoln town car and jog to the john . glenn listen , snoopy , I be on my way up to Detroit and need a place to crash . maurice you crazy , come up here ? it 's fuckin one degree outside . glenn I wanna talk to you about a job . maurice uh-huh . glenn I can not really go into it right now . I will just tell you it 's someone big . maurice someone ? gimme a hint . glenn it 's a guy you know . maurice gimme another hint . glenn it 's Richard ripley . maurice do not say a word . glenn ( cont 'd ) you there ? maurice oh , I be here , all right . I be very here . question be , why be not you here ? ext . buddy apartment - somewhere in florida - night as foley and buddy hurry up the front step . foley I be just say she be not scared . buddy Cause she have she hand on she gun the whole time , wait to make she move . buddy open the door , look at foley . foley you be just jealous it be I in the trunk with she and not you . buddy you be right . int . buddy apartment - night a " hideout . " not much in the way of furnishings . foley follow buddy inside , watch as he bolt the door . foley first thing I be gonna do be get all this mud off I . foley start for the bathroom . foley ( cont 'd ) I have be dream about a hot bath for the last six month . soak the prison off I . buddy there 's some lilac oil , you want some , a vanilla candle under the sink . foley oh , man . buddy there 's something about a nice hot bath , transform a person . it 's not just about open up you pore , know what I mean ? there 's just something about the heat and the wet that 's calming you know ? settles I in a way that I really can not articulate . foley I know exactly what you mean . it 's just a feel . ( beat ) you know , I could go for some wine tonight . buddy there 's a store around the corner , I will be right back . foley sound great . foley go into the bathroom . a moment later we hear the bath running . int . apartment hallway - day as buddy leave the apartment , start down the hall , karen step into frame , watch as he disappear down the stair . gun draw , she then move towards the apartment . int . bathroom - day as foley undress , pick up a candle off the sink and smell it . he notice he nude image in the mirror and check himself out . int . apartment - day as Karen slip the door . she look around , hear the water running . she rack the slide on she gun , snick off the safety and start for the bathroom . suddenly , the water be turn off . she stop where she be . she then move a careful step at a time towards the open doorway . gradually the tub come into view , beginning with foley 's foot rest cross on the other end , then the middle of the tub , then she 's in the doorway , look down at ... foley , lie there in the tub , he eye close . Karen cut she eye down the length of he , take a moment here to check he out , long enough for foley to open he eye and grab she hand , the one hold the gun . foley hey . they look at each other a moment . he then pull she down to he and kiss she . she kiss he back . he then pull she into the tub with he as we now hear ... marshall sisco ( vo ) Karen ...? CUT to : karen as she open she eye . karen what ? reveal : a hospital room - day Flowers everywhere . Karen -- bruise on she face -- lie in bed . her father , Marshall , sit on the chair beside she . marshall you be talk in you sleep . karen ( beat ) what would I say ? marshall " hey , yourself . " karen huh . we hear a knock at the door . they look to where special agent daniel burdon -- black , forty , expensive suit -- stand in the doorway , file in one hand . karen ( cont 'd ) hello , Daniel . burdon ( to Marshall ) Daniel burdon , FBI . marshall Marshall sisco . Karen 's dad . burdon you mind please wait outside . we have some business to do here . Marshall look at he a moment . then , to Karen ... marshall I need to go to the john anyway . burdon wait for Marshall to walk out , then sit down . karen I wanna be on the task force , Daniel . burdon that 's nice of you to offer , Karen , but I get all the help I can use right now . instead , let 's talk about how you get the bump on you head . karen ( indicate file ) be not that my report you be hold onto ? burdon yes , but I want to hear you tell it . start with when you try to grab the wheel -- where be this ? karen come to the okeechobee exit ... and now we see it ... inside the car go over a hundred mile per hour , blow past car ... karen take the next exit . glenn what be I suppose to do now ? karen Glenn , take the exit . glenn no way , man , no fuckin ' way be I gonna turn myself in . she reach over and grab the wheel . glenn ( cont 'd ) the fuck be you do ?! he hit the brake . the car go off the road , down the grade , the abutment come right at we as we go back to ... the hospital room as burdon set the file down , sit back now . karen the next thing I know , the paramedics be take I out the car . burdon look at Karen a moment , then ... burdon there 's a couple of point I keep wonder about have to do with the two guy that grab you . buddy be it ? and this fella Jack foley . I swear the man must have rob two hundred bank in he time . karen really ? huh . he tell I he do not remember how many he rob . burdon you talk to he ? karen in the trunk , yeah ? burdon what would you talk about ? karen oh ... different thing , prison , movie . burdon this fella hold you hostage , you talk about movie ? karen it be a unusual experience . burdon foley make I think of that fella Carl tillman , the one you be see , it turn out the same time he be do bank . you recall that ? karen when I be see Carl tillman , I do not know he rob bank . burdon yeah , but I have enough reason to believe he do , and I tell you . so you have to at least suspect he . karen and what happen to Carl ? burdon the time come , you shot he . but you do not shoot foley or the guy with he . they be unarm , you have a shotgun and you let they throw you in the trunk . okay , now you get you sig in you hand . you say in the report you could not turn around , he have you pin down . but when the trunk open , how come you do not cap the two guy then ? karen be that what you would have do ? burdon you say in the report Glenn do not have a gun , but you let he get away , too . karen Daniel , what do you work on most of the time , fraud ? go after crooked bookkeeper . burdon Karen , I have be with the Bureau fifteen year , on all kind of investigation . karen have you ever shot a man ? how many time have you be primary through the door ? burdon I have to qualify , be that it ? karen you have to know what you be talk about . we hear chuckling os . burdon glance at the doorway where we see Marshall now stand , enjoy this . burdon we will talk another time , Karen . all right ? I would like to know why foley put you in that second car when he do not need you any more . karen you will have to ask he . burdon sound to I like he like have you around . I will see you , Karen . Mr. sisco . marshall agent burdon . Marshall wait for he to walk out ... marshall ( cont 'd ) the white man 's burdon . that 's what everybody call he in Miami . the Metro - dade guy . he 's get a knack for pissing people off . she 's not listen . he sit down , take she hand ... marshall ( cont 'd ) what be you think about ? karen the sig sauer you get I for my birthday . marshall tell you what , you be a good girl , you might get another one for Christmas . she look at he . karen I will get it back when I get foley . ext . buddy apartment build - day a dozen geriatric resident sit on chair out front as buddy climb the step carry a bag of grocery under one arm , newspaper under the other . a old woman come out the door as buddy open it and squint at he . old woman oh -- be you deliver the oxygen ? buddy uh , no , mar 'am . sorry . int . buddy apartment - day buddy 's real apartment , not the one Karen picture in she dream . this one 's nicer , with a view of the beach . Jack stand on the balcony go through karen' purse . he pull out she wallet , check out she driver 's licence photo . he do the same with she gym i.d. card . he find she address book and open it up . a photo of she father slip out . Jack examine it a moment , then flip through the book . he stare at something in she bag a moment , then reach in and come up with she we marshal i.d . he slip it open and study the badge and the picture opposite . he hold on to it , look out at the ocean , but really see ... the OPEN trunk of the car - last night as Karen get out , say ... karen you win , Jack . back in the apartment foley turn away from the view as buddy walk in , set the grocery bag down on the coffee table . buddy you make the front page . he hold up the newspaper so that foley can see he picture on the front page : a unflatter mug shot that do not look all that much like he . buddy ( cont 'd ) they pass this picture around you can go anywhere you want , nobody will know you . foley I be not feel my best that day . I would just draw thirty to life . buddy maybe this will make you feel better . buddy reach into the bag , toss foley a new zippo . foley thanks . foley catch the lighter , immediately begin play with it . he look at the paper on the coffee table as buddy sit down , pull some grocery and a sixpack from the bag . buddy Paper say there 's ten grand each on you , chino and lulu . foley say anything in there about Karen sisco ? buddy just that she get away . foley yeah , but what happen after she drive off with Glenn ? buddy you will have to ask Glenn . and most likely , he 's on he way to Detroit , where we should be . foley walk back out on to the balcony , look at the content of Karen 's bag spread out on the table . buddy ( cont 'd ) you realize what you be do ? worry about a person that work in law enforcement . you want to sit down and have cocktail with a girl that try to shoot you . you hear what I be say ? foley hold up the picture of Marshall sisco . foley think this old guy be she boyfriend ? it 's the only picture she carry . buddy be I go to Detroit by myself ? foley pick up she driver licence photo . buddy ( cont 'd ) long we hang around down here , Jack , better chance there be either Glenn 's gonna fuck up the whole score , or we gonna get bust , or both . foley we will leave first thing in the morning . ext . marshall sisco' condo - day right on a marina . boat bob on the water . marshall ( vo ) be this foley ? int . marshall sisco' condo - day Marshall sit in he chair hold up a newspaper as Karen hand he a drink . she stare at the photograph . karen he do not even look like that . marshall no ? karen no , he look a lot ... she realize Marshall 's watch she . karen ( cont 'd ) different . the doorbell ring . she ignore he look , get up . walk to the door and open it to reveal ray nicolet , boot , leather jacket , etc . cowboy cop . karen ( cont 'd ) hi , Ray . ray you look great . you dad take good care of you ? karen he take the week off so we would have time together . so far he 's work on he boat every day . dad ? Ray nicolet . Marshall get up , shake he head . ray I have hear a lot about you , Mr. sisco . marshall likewise . karen Ray 's with the f.b.i . Task Force , work on the prison break . marshall ( eyeing he T-shirt ) I see that . Ray turn to Karen , hold he jacket open to show the task force inscription on he T-shirt in red , the guy 's .357 tuck into he waistband . marshall ( cont 'd ) in case no one know what he do . tell I , Ray , you ever wear one say , " undercover " ? ray no. course not . karen ( change the subject ) how 's it go ? ray great . we get one of them . Karen look at he . karen be it foley ? marshall ( before he can answer ) off a tip ? ray yeah , someone spot two of them in this hobo camp out by the airport , call the number -- marshall I know it , soon as I see they be offer a reward . she grab nicolet by the arm . karen be it foley ? Marshall look at she . ray foley ? oh . no , it be one of the cuban . linare . karen oh ... ray we go out there , full swat , two chopper , the whole bit , but linare start shoot anyway . we put he down , but somehow chirino get away . marshall do you pay the guy the reward ? ray yeah , as soon as we get back . karen foley have not be there ? her father give she a look . ray this place be strictly Cuban . if foley have a ride he must have he own agenda . he seem to be the only one know what he 's do . the phone ring . Marshall move to it . marshall hello ? ( beat ) yeah , she be . just a minute . ( hand she the phone ) for you . karen hello ? CUT to : foley on the phone - day on the balcony . flip through a copy of < i> vogue < / i> while buddy watch television inside . foley hi. intercutting karen &amp ; foley - day Karen just stand there , see she father look at she as Ray drone on . foley you know who this be ? karen yes . she walk out to she father 's balcony now . foley I just want to see if you be okay , make sure Glenn do not hurt you or , you know , anything . marshall something I have be wonder , Ray ... Marshall pick up the newspaper ... marshall ( cont 'd ) it say in the headline , " I sleep with a murderer , say shake Miami woman . " she life in Little Havana , she husband 's out of town work when one of the escapee show up at she door ... she close the glass door , so that they will not hear she . karen how would you get this number ? foley who be it answer the phone ? karen none of you business . foley I be just worried maybe I be not old enough for you . karen that 's my dad . foley really . he have a cop 's face . karen how do you know ? wait -- you have my wallet . foley and you gun . karen think I could have they back ? foley how do we do that ? karen let 's see . you could come on by my dad 's place , drop them off . foley sure . I will just leave them with the s.w.a.t. guy answer the door . foley stop flipping through the magazine , stare at what he 's be look for : a ad for < i> defiance < / i> perfume . karen there 's a guy here on the task force right now . maybe I should put he on the phone , let you two work it out . foley you will not do that . karen why not ? foley because you be have too much fun . she do not know what to say to that . foley smell the ad . inside the house marshall ... she fix he pork chop and rice , the next thing you know they be make love on the sofa . she say he be very gentle . ray I speak to she . the guy tell she he miss he little girl and she feel sorry for he . marshall that 's how you score now ? on the patio : Karen look inside at she father talk with Ray nicolet . karen my dad 's retire . he be a private investigator . forty year . I use to work for he . foley I can just picture that , a cute girl like you follow slip-and - fall and whiplash cheater . karen something I have be wonder , what ever happen to you uncle cully ? foley why ? you think he might tell you where I be ? karen unless you wanna tell I . foley he 's dead . he do twenty - seven year before he come out and die not too long after in Charity Hospital , I think try to make up for all the good time he would miss . ( then ) that 's not gonna be I . karen one last score , that the idea ? move to some island . foley I be partial to mountain myself . but if you like island , we will make it a island . karen whatta you mean we will make it a island ? foley I just think maybe you and I could -- buddy open the door , stick he head out , startles foley . buddy who you talk to ? karen be that buddy ? foley 's catch off guard , hang up the phone . he look at buddy . foley what ?! buddy you better come see this . int . marshall's condo - day as Karen stand on the balcony another moment , then hang up , open the slide door and walk back into the live room . ray the woman also say he steal she husband 's gun , a twenty - two pistol , and some of he clothes . marshall so the woman 's marry . she go to bed with this prison escapee because he miss he little girl and then tell the world about it . but you do not reveal she name , you protect she . it sound like you be say it 's okay as long as she husband do not find out about it . like the guy who cheat on he wife , say what she do not know will not hurt she . karen dad . he look over at she now . give she a innocent look . marshall what ? int . buddy apartment - day as foley and buddy watch a news report on the earlier event at the hobo camp . we catch a glimpse of ray nicolet , gun in he waistband , sticking he chest out for the camera . foley shake he head as they show a shot of lulu 's body cover with a sheet . foley chino 's gonna wanna talk to I . buddy he 's run for he life , he do not give a shit about you . foley he 's gotta know by now that I give he up back at glade . he do , he 's gonna try to find I . maybe go see Adele , see what she know . buddy he know where she life ? foley do not answer . buddy mute the set . turn to foley . buddy ( cont 'd ) Jack ? foley we be talk one time , drink rum . I may have mention Adele , how she work for a magician . chino get interested . he 's like , yeah ? how do he see the woman in half ? he want to meet she . or get a look at she if she ever come to visit . buddy so call she up . tell she do not talk to any cuban . foley her phone 's probably tapped . buddy and you know they be gonna have some people watch the hotel . foley shit . ext . marshall sisco' boat - day Karen stand there with she car key and purse as Marshall paint the trim on the boat . marshall remember , pay attention to how she talk about foley , she tone . do it right , she will tell you thing she would not tell burdon . tell she you think he 's a nice guy . no , first tell she about be in the trunk with he , in the dark for half a hour , and see how she take it . if she 's in on it , what do she get for all the aggravation ; cop breathe on she ? I bet nothing . so she still like he enough to stick she neck out . you think that 's possible ? what kind of guy be he ? karen he 's pretty laid back , confident . marshall he remind you of that guy , tillman ? karen not at all . marshall but you know he 's dirty and you still wanna see he again . karen I want to bust he ass , put he in shackle . marshall maybe . but you be also curious about the man . twice last night you ask you marry boyfriend nicolet about he . you be concerned , but you do not want to show it . karen my marry boyfriend - set he up with that news story so you could talk about infidelity . I could not believe it . marshall you like the wild one , do not you ? tillman , nicolet and now foley . you know , I have always say there 's a thin line between the cowboy cop and the armed robber , all that guy that love to pack . karen foley < i>kid< tiynapped I . marshall yeah , but you talk all the way from gci to the turnpike . it sound more like a first date than a kidnap . she give he a look . he go back to he painting . marshall ( cont 'd ) go talk to the ex-wife . int . adele delisi be apartment - day as Adele come in , drop a stack of she card on the glass - top dining table and turn on the window air-conditioner when the phone ring . she grab it ... adele hi , this be Adele speak . ext . payphone - day Adele 's neighbourhood . near the beach . chino on the phone . he wear a painter 's cap and a white jumpsuit ... chino oh , be this Adele ? adele ( phone ) yes , it be . chino uh -- sorry . wrong number . he hang up , glance about , then check the little . 22 stick in one of he pocket . as he then start off down the street , we can see the name " color my world housepainting " on the back of the jumpsuit . int . buddy car - day buddy drive . foley -- in a bright orange and ochre beach outfit -- be beside he . buddy look at he , shake he head . buddy Nice disguise . foley I be a tourist . buddy you at least bring the gun ? foley ( lift straw bag ) in here with my suntan lotion and beach towel . ( point ) that 's she place . as they drive past , buddy indicate a man on the step out front , obviously FBI ... buddy there . you see the guy sit on the porch ? the old lady and one guy ? you know they will have a couple more in a car somewhere . foley ( watch something else ) uh-huh ... buddy follow foley 's gaze to ... across the STREET as a car door open and Karen sisco get out , rifle she purse for change . she drop a quarter , foley now watch as she bend down to grab it , she skirt hike way up she thigh ... buddy oh , my . foley watch , she hair in she face as she try to reach under the car and grab it . buddy ( cont 'd ) okay , you see she . that 's all you get . they watch as she walk to the normandie and show the young agent she id ... foley I guess Adele 's in good hand . buddy sure look that way . foley ( finally ) let 's go to Detroit . buddy now you be talkin' . int . hallway outside adele' apartment - day Adele have the chain on the door , talk to Karen through the narrow open . adele you be < i>both < / i> in the trunk ? together ? karen from glade to the turnpike . then I leave with Glenn . Karen watch Adele 's face in the open , freshly make up , heavy on the eye shadow and lip gloss . karen the FBI do not tell you I be with they ? adele they do not < i>tell < / i> I anything , they ask question . karen but you know what I be talk about , do not you ? about Glenn , do not you , and the second car ? adele I know a Glenn . she think a moment . the door close and open again , all the way . Adele stand there in a robe , hang partly open , panty , but no bra . adele ( cont 'd ) I be get ready to go out . you can come in if you want , sit down for a minute . would you like a diet Coke ? karen no , thanks . she come in , check out the place . she turn a chair from the glasstop table and sit down as Adele come out of the kitchenette with a diet Coke and packet of cigarettes . adele that be cute shoe . the kind of job I get , I have to wear this killer spike , they ruin you foot . she walk away , come back with a ashtray . adele ( cont 'd ) when you be in the trunk with Jack ... Karen wait , watch she light she cigarette . adele ( cont 'd ) he do not hurt you or anything , do he ? karen you mean , do he try to jump I ? no , but he be kind of talkative . adele he get that way when he 's nervous sometimes . Adele sit down at the other end of the table . karen you do not visit he in prison . adele he do not want I to . karen why not ? adele I do not know . he be different after he be sentence , look at thirty year . Said it depressed he every time the young con call he a old timer . karen but you speak to he on the phone . adele he would call every once in a while . karen he call the day he escape . adele he do ? I do not remember . do he say about I ? in the trunk ? karen ( beat , lie ) he say he wish the two of you could start over , live a normal life . adele huh . Problem be , Jack 's idea of a normal life be robbing bank . it 's all he 's ever do . karen do you know that when you marry he ? adele he say he be a card player . I could live with that . I never know he rob bank till he get bust with that car that catch fire -- if you can imagine something like that happen , come out of the bank and the car 's on fire . I do go see he in jail to tell he I be filing for divorce . he say , " okay . " Jack 's so easy go . ( then ) he be fun , but never what you would call a real husband . Adele look out the window . Karen wait , look to a end table where she see a photograph of Jack and Adele on a boat somewhere ten year back . adele ( cont 'd ) I will say one thing for Jack , he be never ugly or mean , or drank too much . he be very considerate , light on or off , if you know what I mean . karen really . ( look at the picture ) hm . she realize Adele be look at she . karen ( cont 'd ) Adele , sooner or later , he 's gonna get catch . I would like to get he before he do something else , make it worse on himself . adele buddy will take care of he . keep he out have trouble . he 's Jack 's conscience . always have be . ( chuckle ) he tell you how they meet ? Karen shake she head . adele ( cont 'd ) Jack come out of a bank he just rob in pasadena , could not get he steal car to start . battery be dead . he look over , see buddy sit in a burgundy bonneville , go up , offer he a thousand dollar for a jump . turn out , buddy be case the same bank and see the whole thing . buddy say , I will take the thousand , but we be leave in my car , not that piece of shit you come in . ( then ) they musta rob fifty bank together . karen till they get bust . adele that be not Jack 's fault . no , that be on account of buddy , for some reason , decide to call he sister and confess to a job before they would do it instead of after . she call the FBI and they both go down , end up at lompoc . ( then ) I think buddy feel kinda bad about that . karen any idea where I could find buddy ? or Glenn ? Adele look at Karen , then jump at the sound of three quick rap on the door . chino' voice Adele ? you in there ? adele yes . chino I want to speak with you , please . adele who be it ? chino' voice I talk to the guy you work for , emil . he tole I you number and where you live . see , I be look for a assistant and would like to speak to you . adele oh. uh-huh . chino' voice you do work for emil , right ? adele yeah , I be emil 's box - jumper for almost four year . chino' voice you be he what , he box ? adele his assistant . Karen look at the door . something 's wrong ... through the glass brick that line one side of the door , we see blurred movement on the other side , someone do < iysometh < / i>... adele ( cont 'd ) you say you perform in the Miami area ? chino' voice yes , around here . I be a mayishan in Cuba before I come here . manuel the mayishan be my name . and now Karen and Adele look at each other . chino' voice ( cont 'd ) can you open the door ? Karen shake she head " no . " adele I be not dress . chino' voice listen to I . ( lower he voice ) I be a good friend of Jack foley . boom . Karen get to she foot , bring she bag to the edge of the table , see Adele stare at she . karen ask he he name . adele who be you ? chino' voice ( beat ) Jose chirino . Karen bring she beretta out of the bag . chino' voice ( cont 'd ) or maybe you hear Jack foley call I chino . I be the same person . Karen move along the table to Adele ... karen ( soft ) tell he to wait in the hall , you have to get dress . say it loud . as Adele speak , Karen rack the slide on she 'mm . adele wait in the hall ! I have to get dress ! chino' voice tell I where be Jack foley , I do not bother you no more . Karen motion for Adele to keep talk as she take a position beside the door , where we now see chino 's silhouette in one of the three glass panel in the centre of the door . adele I do not know where he be . chino' voice listen , I be the one help Jack escape from prison . he tole I , I can not find he to see you . so why do not you open this fuck door . okay ? so we can speak . adele ( stare at Karen ) go away , or I will call the police . chino' voice why you want to do that , to a frien ' ? Adele say nothing . then ... chino' voice ( cont 'd ) okay , you do not want to help I , I be leave . ( then ) I be go now . I see you maybe some time , okay ? bye bye . karen ( low ) go in the bedroom and -- suddenly , chino 's fist -- wrap in he shirt -- explode through one of the glass panel . Adele and Karen both jump as chino push he arm through , reach for the door knob ... ... but Karen grab the knob first and , use all of she weight as leverage , pivot and fling the door open with chino 's arm still stick through the glass ... ... the force of which slingshot the man into the room where he bang against a wall and fall to the floor . daze , chino reach for he .22 as he now try to get to he foot . Karen bring up she beretta in two hand , cock it and put the front sight on he chest . karen ( cont 'd ) leave it where it be . chino ( frown ) wait . you not Adele ? karen I be a federal marshal and you be under arrest . put the gun on the table . I mean , now . chino oh . then this must be Adele ... he now aim the gun point-blank at Adele . karen put it down or I will shoot . chino you would not shoot I , would you ? karen what do you want to bet ? chino ( beat ) I could walk out of here . karen if you move , if you look at she again , you be dead . chino do not move . keeps he gun on Adele . Karen start walk towards he ... karen ( cont 'd ) you can live or die , it 's up to you . chino oh , be that right ? you go to shoot I ? Nice girl like you ? ( smile ) I do not think so . karen you do not , huh ? and with that , she kick he in the knee . chino buckle over and she hit he on the side of the head with she gun ... adele ( cont 'd ) on you knee . he do as he 's tell . Karen raise he jacket , feel around he waist from behind . adele ( cont 'd ) lie face down on the floor . chino ( hurt ) what ?! she kick he over onto he stomach and stay there . she put she foot to he back as she reach for the phone , dial . she see Adele stare at she . chino ( cont 'd ) ( to Adele ) Excuse I ... Karen look at Adele a moment , then say into the phone ... karen Daniel burdon , please . Karen sisco . chino Excuse I , Adele ? adele yes . chino you do the saw of the box in half trick with you inside ? adele ( beat ) yes . chino tell I , how do you do that ? Adele look at Karen , who shove chino 's head to the floor with she foot . karen shut up . burdon ( phone ) Karen . where be you ? I be try to get a hold of you . karen Daniel . listen -- burdon ( phone ) where be you ? I be try to reach you . karen I be at Adele delisi 's . burdon ( phone ) what -- we already talk to she . that 's a dead end . karen ( look at chino ) yeah , I know . I be just leave . why be you try to reach I ? burdon ( phone ) there be a buddy bragg at lompoc around the same time foley be there . we get a address for he at the Adams Hotel in hallandale . I want you to go there , see if you can get the manager to i.d. he as the other guy . if he do , you call I right away ... karen all right , but ... burdon ( phone ) but do not you do anything . you just have a seat , wait for I to get there . karen sure , Daniel . burdon ( phone ) now . what be it you want to tell I ? karen oh , I be just wonder , if I be to bring in chirino , would you put I on the task force ? burdon ( phone ) ( impatient ) what ? be that what you be call I about ? karen yes or no , Daniel . if I get he , will you let I go after foley ? burdon ( phone ) yeah , sure , Karen . you bring in chirino , you can be on the task force . karen that 's all I want to know . burdon ( phone ) good . now forget about the ex-wife and get over to the Adams Hotel . Karen hang up , look at Adele . Adele nod . adele you be good . karen thank you . int . buddy apartment - night as foley and buddy quickly pack up they stuff . foley first thing we do , we get to Detroit , we find Glenn , then we find a window to throw he out of . buddy I be thinkin' , if I be Glenn , I be up there to take down the ripper , where would I go ? foley well , first off , if you be Glenn , you would not be think . buddy remember snoopy Miller , he old pal from lompoc ? foley snoopy . Christ , I think he would be brain dead by now . buddy he be not fight no more . Glenn tell I the snoop 's be manage some guy up there now , work out at the kronk . int . shalamar apartment - lobby - night the ancient resident stop what they be do as burdon enter with eight guy in jacket and wool shirt hang out , run shoe , half of they carry what look like athletic bag . Karen meet they as they all walk to the elevator . burdon you get the key ? karen they're in 7d . she hand it to he as they wait for the elevator . burdon I want two man outside , front and back . conway and jessup go on up to seven , cover both end of the hall . burdon , Karen and the remain four swat team agent . burden look at they one at a time . burdon ( cont 'd ) you be primary , you be secondary , you be point man . karen you be gonna use a ram ? burdon yeah , why ? karen the manager 's door be metal . they all look at she . karen ( cont 'd ) you know what I mean ? they might all be . and a ram on a metal door make a awful lot of noise for what good it do . burdon look at she , not all that happy she speak up . the fourth man raise the shotgun , a three - inch strip of metal tape to the muzzle . FOURTH man I get a shock - lock round in my shotgun oughta do the trick . burdon Fine . whatever . he see the elevator still have not come down . burdon ( cont 'd ) fuck it . let 's take the stair . Karen ... burdon pause , look at Karen , hand she a radio . burdon ( cont 'd ) take the radio , stay down here in the lobby , watch the elevator . karen what ? Daniel , I wanna go upstairs . burdon you can go wait out in the car , you want to . she do not say anything . burdon ( cont 'd ) now you see foley and this guy bragg come in behind we , whatta you do ? karen ( piss ) call and tell you . burdon and you let they come up . you do not try to make the bust yourself . you understand ? before she can answer , a old woman step in , ask burdon ... old woman be you deliver the oxygen ? burdon look at she , then nod for he man to start up the stair . on the seventh floor - day everyone 's in position as burdon ease the key into the lock , turn it . the door will not budge , a dead bolt hold it shut . the guy with the shotgun put the strip of metal against the seam , where the lock enter the frame , the muzzle of the shotgun exactly three inch now from the dead bolt , and look over he shoulder at burdon . with the sound of the blast , we then ... CUT to : inside the elevator - day as foley and buddy ride down with a old lady . the door open . the woman do not move . buddy be this you floor , mother ? old lady oh . yes , it be . int . the lobby - same time - day as a old go in a golf cap smile at Karen sit there on the couch in front of the elevator ... old gent like to play some gin ? karen no , thank you . he creep off towards the elevator . int . buddy apartment - day as burdon and he man fan out through the place ... int . lobby - day as we hear burdon 's voice . burdon ( radio ) Karen . they be not up here . keep you eye open . Karen look off towards the street entrance , then back at the elevator where the man be still wait , lean on he cane . the elevator door open to reveal buddy and foley . old gent go up ? buddy and foley do not answer . the old man start to get on , feel with he cane , take forever . Karen and foley be stare at each other . he do not move . not until the elevator door begin to close . buddy see Karen , help the old man aboard as ... Karen pick up she radio , be about to speak into it when ... foley raise he hand . and wave as the door close . int . elevator - day as the elevator resume go down . old gent shit , I want to go up . buddy let 's just hope there 's no one in the garage . foley she look right at I . she do not yell or get excited . she do not move . int . buddy car - day as they get in and buddy start the car ... buddy they know where I live , I guess they know what I drive , so maybe we should pick up another car on the way . foley she just sit there , look right at I . buddy give he a look , shake he head and then burn rubber out of the garage as we ... CUT to : a close - up of karen - day stare straight ahead . burdon ( on the radio ) Karen . report . you see anything ? Karen ? you there ? Karen ...? int . airport terminal - day as Marshall walk Karen to the gate . marshall he wave to you ? karen I could not swear to it , but I be pretty sure he do . marshall you wave back ? karen I do not have time . marshall I imagine you would have though . she shake she head . karen buddy 's sister Regina Mary bragg get two call from buddy up in Detroit this morning , call burdon . she 's also the one give burdon buddy 's address . marshall so ? karen so what I want to know be why buddy still call he sister every week even after she turn he in . marshall he do not seem to hold a grudge . ( then ) what < i>i < / i> want to know be why , they get such a big score up north , do foley hang around Miami for so long ? ( look at she ) any thought on that one ? karen none I would like to share . she give he a kiss ... karen ( cont 'd ) I will call soon as I get in . dissolve to : ext . bloomfield hill - detroit - day snow . everywhere . a black lincoln town car creep through the neighbourhood full of big , beautiful snow - cover home . maurice ( vo ) I do not just manage fighter , or deal product any more ... int . car - same Glenn -- sunglass -- sit in the back with maurice , aka " snoopy " -- wear a purple bandanna and he own dark sunglass . maurice I have diversify since the last time you see I . I have vertically integrate and now I be into home invasion and the occasional grand larceny . Glenn just nod , stare out the window . maurice ( cont 'd ) White Boy Bob 's my all - around man , my bodyguard when I feel I need one , and my driver . maurice indicate white boy bob , a fuck huge , deprave - look white guy now squeeze in behind the wheel . maurice ( cont 'd ) watch the road , boy . ( then ) I like this town car . we can cruise the man 's neighbourhood without get the police or private security people on we ass . glenn sure , right , they see bigfoot drive around a black guy wear shade and a lavender fuck bandanna , no , they will not think anything of it . maurice it 's lilac , man , the color , and the style 's make know by deion and other defensive back in the pro . I could be one of they live out here with doctor of my race and basketball player . okay , here come Mr. ripley 's house up on the leave . yeah . the brick wall . there 's he drive , right there . the car creep past a huge tudor-style country house . maurice ( cont 'd ) you sure foley and he pal be not come up here , do this themself ? glenn if they be not bust now , they be gonna be . ( then ) it 's wide open . ext . / int . car - maurice neighborhood in detroit - later people on the street with vacant expression watch as the black town car move past the break - down home , car on block and snow - cover trash . glenn so you still have not say , how you wanna do it ? maurice I will show you , soon as I get one more guy I be gonna need , moselle 's brother , Kenneth . along with White Boy there . glenn what ? the car pull to the kerb and kenneth -- a wiry black man in a bright yellow T-shirt and red baseball cap backward , always seem to be high on some chemical or another - get in . maurice you get everything ? Kenneth toss a gym bag into the back seat . Glenn stare at it . something about the bag make he uneasy . maybe it 's the hacksaw that stick partially out of the open . maurice ( cont 'd ) cool . Kenneth , this be the man I tell you about , Glenn . kenneth the one gonna help we rip off the rich guy ? maurice that 's right . glenn help < i>you < /i>... White Boy Bob pull out again . Glenn look at the two psychos in front , then turn to maurice . glenn ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . I be let < i>you < / i> in on this , not all you friend . maurice you just ask I how we gonna do it . that 's what I be here for , tell you how . we the expert . Glenn can not believe this be happen . maurice ( cont 'd ) thing I be worried about be you . glenn I ? maurice yeah . if you can step up and actually do it . understand ? ' stead of just talk the talk . glenn can I do what ? maurice walk in a house with I , do this cross - dressin ' nigga name Eddie Solomon I use to sell to be dealin ' on he own . glenn what -- when ? maurice right now , son . glenn I do not have to prove shit to you . the ripley job be < i>my < / i> job . you be either in or you be not . you wanna pop some crack dealer piss you off , that 's you problem , not mine . maurice look , Glenn , I know you cool , but you do not have to give I no tone of voice , okay ? you do not like what I be say , you can get out anywhere along here you want . glenn I think you be forget , this be my car . I drive it up here . maurice hey , shit , come on . I say I want this car , man , it 's mine . you go get yourself another one . I say I be in on ripley ? I be in , with or without < i>your < / i > ass . I say I want you to come along on another job , see if you for real or not , guess what you gonna do ? Glenn look at maurice , now ice- cold behind the shade . white boy bob we be here . Glenn look out the window as they pull up in front of a decrepit- look two -story house . maurice open the gym bag , pass the hack see and a hand axe up to White Boy Bob , a sawed - off shotgun to Kenneth , and take out a big .45 for himself . maurice let 's go see Eddie . Glenn hesitates , then slowly get out of the car as we hear ... ripley ( v.o. ) must take ball , do what you do . ext . lompoc fpc - yard - day as foley walk with ripley across the yard . ripley tell I something . what 's it like , walk in a bank with a gun , stick it up ? foley I do not know . I never use a gun . ripley really ? foley you would be surprised what all you can get , you ask for it the right way . ripley ( smile ) you be the reason , Jack , I do not keep all my money in bank . foley no ? where do you keep it , Dick ? ( ripley smile ) I be talk about all that uncut diamond you tell Glenn about . ripley ( still smile ) I know what you be talk about . foley you be the one with ball , Dick , say something like that to someone like Glenn . or maybe you just forget where you be for a minute . ripley yeah , but who 's gonna believe Glenn ? I mean , do you believe Glenn ? foley of course not . ripley plus , even it be true , he would still have to figure out where I keep them . foley do not have to figure out shit . you tell he you keep them at you house . ripley ( shrug , big smile ) it 's a big house . ripley sit down on one of the picnic table , look around the yard . ripley ( cont 'd ) tell I something , Jack , how much longer you in here ? foley twenty - two month , three day , two hour . why ? ripley I be just think that I could use a guy like you , someone know how to ask for thing the right way . I be talkin ' about when you be outta here . I mean , you can not rob bank for ever . foley look at ripley . foley it 's a little late for I . ripley hey , Jack ? bullshit . I do not make my first million until I be forty - two . forty -two . you really want to change , it 's never too late . foley I do not know . I be not exactly the nine - to- five type . ripley who be ? but then you gotta look at a job as more than just work . you gotta look at it as peace of mind . as < i>security < / i> , you know what I mean ? I get office in Detroit , Miami , Boston , take you pick . foley my ex-wife 's in Miami . it 's nice down there . ripley no need to decide now . be like the fish . let whatever happen happen . foley the fish ? ripley yeah , fish live in the present . they do not dwell on yesterday and they do not worry about tomorrow . even when a big fish attack a little fish , there 's no neurosis involved . no guilt afterward . no whining on some fish -shrink 's couch . they just do it . they accept . foley I can not say that I have pay that much attention to them before . ripley the fish save my life . two year ago , I find out I have high blood pressure . so my doctor , he tell I to go get a aquarium , look at the fish every time I feel myself stress out . foley and the guy send you a bill for this ? ripley it work . you should try it sometime . foley the next time I walk into a bank . ripley shake he head , then get up ... ripley think about my offer , Jack . foley watch he go . buddy ( v.o. ) hey , Jack ... CUT to : close up of foley as he turn to we . foley what ? pull back to reveal : we're inside a car across the street from the kronk recreation CENTER -- a red - brick building in a bleak , depress neighbourhood . buddy you see this one ... buddy read from a newspaper while foley watch the gym . buddy ( cont 'd ) " fight over tuna casserole may have spur slay . " seem this woman 's live - in boyfriend , seventy year old , complain about she tuna noodle casserole and she shot he in the face with a twelve- gauge . Police find noodle in the woman 's hair and think the guy dumped the casserole dish on she before she shot he . they would be together ten year . foley Love be funny . buddy look at he . notice something over foley 's shoulder . buddy hey -- and now foley turn and look over as the black town car pull into the kronk parking lot . int . town car - same Kenneth and White Boy Bob nod along to some rap tape in the front seat . Glenn sit in the back , look pale , hugging himself , shaking . maurice look out the window ... maurice be a time you see a gold mercede over in the parking lot have a license plate on it say hitman ? you know Tommy hearns be inside . see the car would get we juice flow . maurice look at Glenn now and grin . maurice ( cont 'd ) you already get you juice flow , huh ? piss you pants back there at Eddie 's house , do not you ? Glenn just look at maurice . maurice ( cont 'd ) that be some shit , huh ? glenn ( indicate Kenneth ) why would he have to do that to that girl ? maurice yeah , Kenneth , why you have to do that to that poor girl . kenneth ( smile ) do what ? Glenn say nothing , just look at Kenneth . maurice just wait till we get inside ripley 's house . and he and whiteboy start laugh as they get out of the car . glenn it 's all right with you , I will just hang in the car . maurice ( beat ) no . you gonna stay close to I from now on . so you do not disappear on I . glenn why would I do that ? maurice look at he , start laugh . White Boy Bob and Kenneth join in . maurice lean over ... Glenn flinch as maurice open Glenn 's jacket so that we can see the blood splatter on he T - shirt . maurice be worse than you imagine , be not it ? ( then , smile ) baby , you with the bad boy now . int . foley and buddy car - same as they watch Glenn and snoopy and White Boy Bob get out of the car . buddy whatta you think ? foley I think Glenn open he big mouth and now we get we another partner . buddy or two . int . boxing gym - day Glenn sit on a bench near the rear wall , face the ring . Kenneth grab a magazine , walk into the john . a shirtless White Boy Bob lift weight while maurice move around the ring call to the boxer inside . maurice stick and jab ! voice hey , stud , how you do ? he look up , see buddy and foley come this way . glenn Jesus Christ , what be you guy do here ? they sit down on either side of he , close . foley be not you expect we ? glenn that broad you pick up -- do you know she be a US marshal , for Christ sake ? now he turn to buddy as buddy stand up , take off he overcoat and sit down again . glenn ( cont 'd ) she < i>knew < / i> I from some bullshit dope bust . she drive I to court . twice . you know what she say , we be in the car on the turnpike ? " I never forget anybody I have cuffed and shackle . " foley yeah ? she say that to you ? Glenn turn to see foley with a mild expression on he face , almost smile . foley ( cont 'd ) what happen to you shade ? someone finally step on them ? glenn ( touch he head ) I do not know ... foley notice the blood on Glenn 's shirt . foley whose blood you get all over you ? glenn this guy , man , they be crazy . ( look off ) shit . foley follow he gaze , see maurice come this way , White Boy Bob beside he , carry he shirt . foley be that snoopy ? in the purple doo rag ? buddy what 's he do now , tell fortune ? maurice stand at the edge of the ring apron , look from foley to buddy and back again , pretty serious about it . white boy bob we have a problem here ? maurice ( walk over ) Jack foley , famous bank robber . foley snoopy Miller , famous fight thrower . maurice it seem to I I be read about you in the newspaper . busted out of some joint in Florida , huh ? foley low class of people there , snoop . white boy bob you call he that again I will put you head through the wall . buddy what ? you mean snoop ? maurice nobody call I snoop no more or snoopy , be what White Boy 's try to say . he 's a little crude , you understand . no , I leave that snoopy shit behind I . buddy but you call this bozo White Boy ? glenn White Boy bob. ( bait ) White Boy use to be a fighter . buddy what 's he do now outside of shoot he mouth off ? White Boy Bob stare down buddy who could not give a shit . foley like be back in the yard , huh ? maurice just like it . nobody back down . you back down , you pussy . tell I what you and buddy do up here in the cold ? foley Glenn do not tell you ? glenn I think you guy be bust . foley why ? just because you leave we stand on the side of the road ? foley look at Glenn . Glenn shrug , laugh nervously . foley smile , laugh with he , maybe a little too hard . now maurice start laugh . buddy , too . White Boy 's lose , look from one guy to the next as foley get up , face maurice , he smile go away as he say ... foley ( cont 'd ) look , snoop , I do not know what Glenn promise you or what you think you be gonna get , but the deal be I and buddy get half of whatever we take from ripley , understand ? how you and Glenn cut up the rest be up to you . maurice let 's go outside and talk . foley what 's the matter with right here ? it 's nice and warm . maurice warm ? man , it 's ninety - five degree in here , sometimes a hundred -- the way emanuel always kep ' it so he boy would sweat , get lean and mean like Tommy hearns . no , I be not talk any business in here . to I this be holy ground , man . you understand ? I get to be someplace anyway . y'all want to talk , come to the fight tomorrow night , we will sit down and look at it good . the State theater . foley nod then look at Glenn as buddy get up . foley we will see you tomorrow then . maurice then watch as they walk out . maurice White Boy , how much be the reward on the man again ? white boy bob ten gee . maurice uh-huh . ( then ) you recall , do it say dead or alive ? ext . crime scene - night the same decrepit two -storey place maurice et al hit earlier . now it 's a crime scene . a SMALL crowd of neighbourhood gawker stand just behind the yellow tape . a huge spotlight light up the front yard . Karen pull up in she rental car , get out and badge the visibly - freezing cop at the tape , work crowd control . karen I be look for Ray Cruz . cop he 's inside . ( piss ) with everybody else . Karen duck under the tape and start up the walk . she pause to watch as two coroner' assistant cover with a sheet a dead black woman who lie just below a break upstairs window . int . house - same Hell . Karen have to step over a body minus a face that lie in the doorway . straight ahead on the stair be another body , a man on he back , head down the stair , shotgun blast to the chest . he wear a dress , now bunched up around he waist . congeal blood run down the stair . cop and crime scene tech be everywhere . Karen look at the guy on the stair . voice call themselves the youngboy . Karen look over as raymond cruz , a stocky , genial - look detective come out of the kitchen . cruz ironic , be not it ? karen how be you , Raymond ? cruz freeze . but I be get warmer . he kiss she on the cheek . she indicate the body by the door . karen quite a mess . cruz yeah . and I think everyone like Eddie . karen who ? cruz dude in the dress be Eddie Solomon , use to buy scag off a corner till he kick it and find he happiness with crack and then start deal himself . Word on the street be he be save up for a operation . karen what be it with crack and transsexuals ? cruz yeah , Eddie be a real character . have this girl cook the rock he call the rockettes . karen yeah . I see one of them outside . cruz yonelle . look like someone rape she , shot she , then throw she out the window . ( shake he head ) fuckin ' animal . this shut they both up . Cruz indicate the door . cruz ( cont 'd ) let 's get some air . she start to follow he out , pause as she see something on the ground ... a broken pair of sunglass wrap-around ... a lot like the one she remember Glenn wear . Karen stare at they a moment , then walk out . ext . crime scene - night as Cruz and Karen walk to he car , strobe flash as press photographer struggle to shoot the crime scene . cruz other than we have so much fun the last time we work together . you gonna tell I why you be comin ' to I instead of the FBI ? karen I report to the FBI , first thing they be gonna do be ask I to go get some coffee . cruz you know , I be not in homicide any more . karen no , I do not know that . cruz yeah , I be crime against person and property now , also sex crime and child abuse . karen Detroit , you must be pretty busy . cruz yeah , and , as you can see , home invasion be big , too . karen listen , Raymond , a year ago , dea have this guy Glenn michael on possession with intent but could not make it stick . in he statement , Glenn say he go up to Detroit to visit a friend and look into job opportunity -- if you can believe that . cruz who be the friend ? karen guy name maurice Miller , also know as snoopy , a former prizefighter . cruz Christ , I know snoopy Miller . he 's a fuckin ' wackjob think he 's sugar Ray Leonard . hang out with a couple other grade-a nutcase over on the West side . karen I will need a last know address . cruz that 's fine , but I do not want you to talk to Miller alone . karen come on , Raymond , I be a federal officer , I be armed . he turn and look at she . cruz yes , you be . I will call you tomorrow with the address . as he get into he car , we then : CUT to : a newspaper the crime scene from the night before . a shot of Karen and Ray Cruz as they exit the house . a headline read " triple murder " blah-blah-blah ... buddy ( phone ) you have the paper ? reveal : foley' HOTEL room - day foley , wear a suit now , no shoe , no tie , look at the newspaper photograph of Karen . foley it 's a terrific shot of she . int . buddy room - same buddy look at the same shot ... buddy outside of that . intercutting foley &amp ; buddy foley do not say what she 's do up here , but I do not think it have anything to do with we . buddy she come up here on she vacation , ' cause she like shitty weather . foley reach in one of the bag from the jewish recycling Center and pull out a tie . foley I think she 's after Glenn . the girl still with you ? buddy they do not stay the night , Jack , 'less you pay for it . foley you tell you sister about it ? buddy just hang up . foley how long you talk to she ? buddy two hour . foley how long be you with the girl ? buddy forty -five minute . foley you do not tell you sister about ripley , do you ? ' Cause I do not wanna go through that again . buddy forget about my sister . if Karen sisco 's tailing Glenn , we be fuck . tomorrow night at the fight we all get pick up . foley let 's drive by where we be meeting and have a look . maybe take a look at ripley 's place while we be at it . foley hang up . he face the mirror , start to tie he tie . ripley ( v.o. ) I guess next time I see you , you will be wear a suit and tie ... int . ripley's cell - day foley lean in the doorway watch as ripley , dress in a jogging suit , and under the watchful eye of a guard , gather up he belonging . he 's go home . foley I still have not make up my mind yet . ripley what 's to think about ? foley you goin ' right back to work ? ripley first , I be goin ' to Israel for a year , study the talmud , work on a kibbutz ... then come back , maybe take some tennis lesson . he tear a picture off the wall ... ripley ( cont 'd ) here ... ( hand it to foley ) something to remember I by . foley stare at the photograph of sea life . ripley ( cont 'd ) it 's not the real thing , but it 's still nice to look at . foley look at ripley , who extend he hand . ripley ( cont 'd ) see you on the outside , Jack . int . foley' HOTEL room - day foley finish tie he tie , stare into the mirror , take in the overall effect . foley ( smile ) hi ! I just break outta jail ! his smile fade , he then sit down heavily on the bed , look at the picture of Karen another moment , then set the paper aside , grab the yellow page , flip to hotel , and dial the phone ... voice ( phone ) atheneum Hotel . foley Karen sisco , please . voice ( pause , then ) I be sorry , but there 's no one by that name register . foley thank you . he dial the next number ... voice best western ... ext . maurice " snoopy " miller' house - day Red brick , show its age . Karen ring the doorbell and then wait with she hand shove into the pocket of she dark , navy coat . the door open to reveal moselle in she green silk robe hold she arm close against the cold . karen moselle Miller ? moselle what do you want ? karen I be look for maurice . moselle you find he , tell he the dog get run over and I be out of grocery money . male voice moselle . who you talk to ? moselle Lady look for maurice . male voice what 's she want ? moselle have not say . karen that 's not maurice ? moselle that 's Kenneth , my brother . he 's talk on the phone . male voice ask what she want with he ? moselle you ask she . maurice 's business be none of < i>my < / i > business . sound tired or bored . she turn from the door and walk into the live room . Karen step inside , push the door close and step into the foyer . male voice how do I know ? Karen peer into a study , a small room with empty bookcase and see Kenneth in he backward red baseball cap as he talk on the phone ... kenneth the State , huh . who 's fight ? Karen walk into the live room , where moselle sit on the sofa lighting a cigarette . moselle you like to sit down ? karen thanks . Karen take a chair and look around the room : dismal , gray daylight in the window , dark wood and white stucco , the fireplace full of trash , plastic cup , wrapper , a pizza box . karen ( cont 'd ) I be look for a friend of mine I think maurice know . moselle you not with probation , one of that ? karen no . moselle you a lawyer ? karen ( smile ) no , I be not . maybe you know he . Glenn michael ? moselle draw on she cigarette , blow out a stream of smoke . moselle Glenn ? no , I do not know any Glenn . karen he say he stay here last November . moselle here ? in this house ? karen he say he stay with maurice . moselle well , < i>he < / i> be not even here that much . I like to know where he go , but at the same time I do not < i>want < / i> to know , you understand ? karen ( beat ) you dog be kill ? moselle get run over by a car . karen what do you call it ? moselle look at the couch , where a mangle frisbee sit . moselle be a she , name tuffy . karen ( nod , then ) where do you think I might find maurice ? moselle I do not know -- the gym , the fight . I < i>know < / i > he do not miss the fight . have some tomorrow night at the State theater . he use to take I . karen the State theater ? voice what you want with maurice ? Karen turn , see Kenneth stand in the arched entrance from the foyer . moselle she look for a man name of Glenn . kenneth do I ask you ? go on out of here . do something with yourself . he wait until moselle get up , not say a word , walk away from they through the dining room . Karen watch he come toward she now in kind of a easy strut . she indicate the scar over he eye ... karen you be a fighter ? kenneth how you know that ? karen I can tell . kenneth I < i>was < /i>... he move he head in what might be a feint . kenneth ( cont 'd ) till I get my retina detach two time . he 's stand so close to she , Karen have to look up at he . karen what would you fight , middleweight ? kenneth Light to super- middleweight , as my body develop . you go about what , bantam ? karen flyweight . kenneth you know you division . you like the fight ? like the rough stuff ? yeah , I bet you do . ( move closer ) like to get down and tussle a little bit ? like I and tuffy , before she get run over , we use to get down on the floor and tussle . I say to she , " you a good dog , tuffy , here 's a treat for you . " and I give tuffy what every dog love best . you know what that be ? a bone. ( real close ) I can give you a bone , too , girl . karen you be not my type . kenneth do not matter . I let the monster out , you gonna do what it want . karen just a minute . her hand go into she bag next to the chair . kenneth bring you own rubber with you ? her hand come out of the bag hold what look like the grip on a golf club . Kenneth grin at she ... kennethn ( cont 'd ) what else you have in there , mace ? have a whistle , different kind of female- protection shit ? Karen push out of the chair to stand with he face - to-face . karen I have to go , Kenneth . she give he a friendly poke with the black vinyl baton that 's like a golf club grip . karen ( cont 'd ) maybe we will see each other again , okay ? she step aside and brushes past he . he grab she leave wrist ... kenneth we gonna tussle first . Karen flick the baton and sixteen inch of chrome steel shoot out of the grip . she pull a arm 's length away from he and chop the rigid shaft at he head , Kenneth hunching , ducking away ... kenneth ( cont 'd ) God < i>damn < /i>... he let go of she and Karen get the room she need , so that when he come at she , she whip the shaft across the side of he head and he howl , stop dead , press a hand over he ear . kenneth ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? karen you want to tussle , we tussle . and she walk out . she see moselle stand there in the foyer . Karen look at she a moment , put the baton in she purse and come out with a business card . karen ( cont 'd ) I write my hotel number on there -- in case you run into Glenn . moselle slip the card into the pocket of she robe . Karen smile at she and walk out the door . ext . richard ripley's house - day it 's snow pretty hard when foley and buddy pull up out front . int . buddy be car - same buddy wipe the condensation off he window , so they can see the house . buddy now that 's a really big house . foley Jesus , look at that wall . place almost look like a prison . buddy no doubt the man 's get some big - ass security system . foley time come , we knock on the door . see if he want to talk about old time . go in the easy way . buddy yeah ? you think he will let we in , we get snoopy and the muscle- bound asshole with we ? foley who say anybody 's gonna be with we ? I say we go to the fight tomorrow , find out what the snoop 's big plan be , then go in ahead of that guy -- alone . buddy let Glenn deal with the snoop , while we be off livin ' the good life . foley tell I something , buddy . you know anyone who 's actually do one last big score and go to live the good life ? Cause it occur to I that everyone talk about do it , but I do not know anyone who 's actually go and do it . do you ? buddy ( beat ) what about that d.b. Cooper guy ? foley look at he . buddy ( cont 'd ) I mean , they do not know for sure he 's dead . ( then ) look , there 's always a chance we will walk out have there with nothing . I say let fate decide . foley let fate decide ? what be you , the fuckin' dali lama now ? buddy my sister believe in fate , but not hell . that 's why she stop praying for the lose soul since you do not hear that much about purgatory anymore . but every day she ask she boss to pray I do not fuck up . whatta you think , you think there 's a hell , Jack ? foley yeah , it 's call glade correctional institution and I be sure as shit not go back there or any place like it . buddy you might not have a choice . foley look at he . buddy ( cont 'd ) they put a gun on you , you will go back . foley they put a gun on you , you still have a choice , do not you ? foley turn back to the house . and now we hear ... mr. hearn ( vo ) I think you be gonna fit right in ... int . ripley enterprise personnel office - day the personnel guy , mr . hearn , sit behind he desk , squeezing a grip exerciser and smile warmly at foley , who wear a shitty suit and tie . mr. hearn now Mr ripley and I have have a long discussion about you role in the company and it be he feel that you would be happiest work down here in Miami . how 's that sound to you ? foley great . Mr. hearn pause , look down at foley ... mr. hearn you be about a 42 long , right ? foley what ? but Mr. hearn walk out without answer . foley look at the desktop , where a spoon stick out of a half - eat fruit - on - the - bottom yogurt , which in turn sit beside a half - eat powerbar . foley shake he head , take out he zippo , start to play with it . mr. hearn okay . let 's see how she fit . foley turn as Mr. hearn bounce back into the room with what look like a uniform drape over one arm . foley what be this ? mr. hearn you uniform . foley my what ? Mr. hearn show he the yellow patch that read security on one arm . foley smile ... amused ... angry ... hurt ... foley ( cont 'd ) be you kid I ? richard ripley's office View . wet bar . huge fuck aquarium . receptionist ( os ) Sir , you can not go in there ... ripley look up from he desk as foley step in , the receptionist right behind he now . ripley Jack ? whoa -- what 's the problem ? take it easy , let 's talk ... meanwhile , ripley push a panic button beneath he desk ... foley a security guard ? be you fuck kid I ? ripley consider foley a moment , then ... ripley you know , I be not sure you would show up . but I be pretty sure that , if you do , you would throw the job in my face . ( then ) understand something , Jack . up to this point , everything you have do with you life mean absolutely nothing in the real world . less than nothing . foley say nothing . ripley ( cont 'd ) you be a bank robber . this be not a marketable skill . there be no old bank robber out in the world live on pension . you know this . that 's why you be here right now . still foley say nothing . ripley ( cont 'd ) today , I be offer you a lousy job at a lousy wage . you think you be better than that ? Fine . show I . show I that you be really willing to change and we will talk about something better . a lot better . but first , Jack , you gotta earn it . foley how , Dick ? the way you earn it ? by marrying some rich broad own the company , sell it off a piece at a time , then divorce she ? what be this knute rockne , pull yourself up by the bootstrap bullshit ? back in prison , guy like you , place like that , you be ice cream for freak . you be a goddamn dumpling . maurice and a dozen other guy coulda ble you till you have nothing . till you be nothing . I save you ass . so you will pardon I if I do not wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day say " sign in here please " or " hey , pal , you can not park there . " okay , Dick ? I can not do it . ripley Jack , I be disappointed . I guess I misjudge you . two massive security guard appear in the doorway ... foley hey , what job he promise < i>you < / i > guy ? guard there 's two way we can do this . foley yeah ? what be they ? ripley gentlemen . I think we have calm down now . have not we , Jack ? foley oh , yeah , I be calm . in fact , I be totally " relaxed ... " and with that he pick up a paperweight ( a lead fish ) and wing it at the aquarium , shatter the glass . ext . ripley's build - florida - day as foley be physically throw out of the building by the two guard . he pick himself up . he kick at the guard , who wave he off , go back inside . foley then start down the step , pause as he see ... the bank across the STREET the one from the open . foley look at it a moment , then calmly start to take off he tie , drop it in the gutter as he start across the street ... CUT to : int . buddy car - day as buddy pull away from the house , foley pull out the clipping of Karen he tore out of the morning paper . he 's write the name " westin " on it . foley listen , I gotta get some better shoe , few other thing before tomorrow . why do not you drop I off at the ren cen , we will hook up later ? buddy yeah , and I better call my sister . CUT to : the snowstorm it 's really come down . we then pull back to reveal we be look out of a window inside the cocktail lounge at the top of the westin . a table of three young executive - looking guy in suit be laugh at something until Karen be ushere by a waitress to a adjacent table . karen Jack Daniel 's , please , water on the side . she turn , see she reflection in the glass against the overcast sky , snow swirl , blow in gust , seven hundred foot above the city , down there somewhere . executive guy voice celeste , do we again , please , and put the lady 's drink on we bill . she turn to see they raise snifter glass to she , smile , pleasant - look guy in dark suit . karen thanks anyway . waitress ( drift over ) they want to buy you a drink . karen I get that . tell they I would rather pay for my own . she then watch the three guy look at the waitress deliver the message . then they look at Karen . she give they a shrug , turn to watch the snow . her drink arrive . she take a sip , look up as one of the guy come over ... executive guy Excuse I . my associate and I make a bet on what you do for a live . she glance at the table , the other two watch . executive guy ( cont 'd ) and I win . hi , I be Philip . karen if it 's okay with you , Philip , I would like to just have a quiet drink and leave . okay ? philip do not you want to know what I guess ? how I know what you do for a live ? karen tell you the truth , I be not even mildly curious . really , I do not want to be rude , Philip , I would just like to be leave alone . she turn back to the snowstorm . she see he reflection turn and leave . a moment later , the next one appear at the table . executive guy # 2 I think I know why you be depressed -- if I may offer a observation . she just look at he . so sure of himself . executive guy # 2 ( cont 'd ) I have a hunch you be the new sale rep and you customer be not exactly knock out by the idea of a young lady , even one as stun as you , handle the account . be I close ? hi , I be Andy . she say nothing to he . andy we be ad guy . we fly in from New York this morning to pitch hiram Walker distillery , present this test - market campaign for they new margarita mix . what we do , we show this guy who look like a mexican bandido , you know , with the big Chihuahua hat , the bullet belt -- karen Andy ? really . who give a shit ? he give she a sympathetic expression . andy want to tell I what happen ? karen beat it , will you ? she stare at the guy until he turn away . she sip she drink , stare once more out at the blizzard . after a few moment , another dark suit appear , reflect in the window . voice can I buy you a drink ? boom . not one of the executive guy . she stare at the reflection for a moment , then slowly turn , look up at jack foley now stand there in he new navy blue suit . karen ( beat ) yeah , I would love one . ( then ) would you like to sit down ? he pull the chair out , look at she . the three guy at the other table now stare as he sit down . foley offer he hand ... foley I be Gary . she hesitates , then shake he hand ... karen I be celeste . she smile with he . when she lower she hand to the table , he hand come down to cover hers . she watch he expression as she bring she hand out slowly , he eye not leave hers , and lay she hand on he . the tip of she finger brush he knuckle , lightly back and forth . karen ( cont 'd ) it take hour to get a drink around here . there 's only one waitress . foley I can go to the bar . karen do not leave I . foley that guy bother you ? karen no , they be all right . I mean , you just get here . she pick up she drink and place it in front of he . karen ( cont 'd ) help yourself . she watch he take a sip , smack he lip . foley you like bourbon ? karen Love it . foley ( pass the glass back ) well , we get that out of the way . ( then ) tell I , celeste . what do you do for a live ? karen I be a sale rep . I come here to call on a customer and they give I a hard time because I be a girl . foley be that how you think of yourself ? karen what , as a sale rep ? foley a girl . karen I do not have a problem with it . foley I like you hair . and that suit . karen I have one just like it -- well , it be the same idea , but I have to get rid of it . foley you do ? karen it smell . foley have it clean do not help , huh ? karen no. ( then ) what do you do for a live , Gary ? foley ( beat ) how far do we go with this ? this stop she , throw she off balance . karen not yet . do not say anything yet . okay ? foley I do not think it work if we be somebody else . you know what I mean ? Gary and celeste , Jesus , what do they know about anything ? karen it 's you game . I have never play this before . foley it 's not a game . something you play . karen well , do it make sense to you ? foley it do not have to , it 's something that happen . it 's like see a person you never see before -- you could be pass on the street -- you look at each other and for a few second , there 's a kind of recognition . like you both know something . but then the next moment the person 's go , and it 's too late to do anything about it , but you remember it because it be right there and you let it go , and you think , " what if I have stop and say something ? " it might happen only a few time in you life . karen or once . they look at each other a moment , then ... foley why do not we get out of here . they both get up . the ad guy at the table watch as she follow foley to the elevator . Karen wink at they . int . elevator - night as they ride down to Karen 's room . she look at he , look away . the door open and they exit . int . her HOTEL suite as he follow she in . she walk to the bar , fix they each a drink . he check out the room , take in she view . karen how would you find I ? he come over to she , take out the newspaper clipping with she picture and show it to she . karen ( cont 'd ) oh , God ... foley I call you room from downstairs . karen if I have answer , what be you gonna say ? foley well , I would say who I be and do you remember I and ask if you would like to meet for a drink . karen if I remember you . I come look for you . I would have say sure , let 's do it . but for all you know I could show up with a swat team . why would you trust I ? foley it would be worth the risk . she look at he , touch he face with she hand ... karen you like take risk . foley so do you . he kiss she now , put he arm around she . karen what 's the hurry , Jack ? you have to be somewhere ? she hand he he drink . they both drink , then ... karen ( cont 'd ) sooner or later ... she stop and he look at she over the rim of she glass . karen ( cont 'd ) you really wear that suit . foley that 's not what you be about to say . she shrug , let it go . he put down he drink , kiss she . she let he , then move to the couch . karen remember how talkative you be ? in the trunk ? Adele say you do that when you be nervous . foley she do , huh . karen you keep touch I , feel my thigh . foley yeah , but in a nice way . he sit down and they kiss again . this time she peel he jacket off . he do the same with hers . he 's start to unbutton she blouse when -- foley ( cont 'd ) ( unbuttone ) I might have smell like a sewer , but you could tell I be a gentleman . they say John dillinger be a pretty nice guy . karen he kill a police officer . he stop . look at she . foley I hear he do not mean to . the cop fall as dillinger be aim at he leg and get he through the heart . karen you believe that ? foley why not ? she look at he , decide to get off this subject . anyway he 's finish unbuttone she blouse and be now put he hand inside she shirt . she close she eye . karen you know that sig .380 you take be my favourite . my father give it to I . as he kiss she on the neck . karen ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do with I ? foley I do not know . I have not work that part out yet . all I know be that I like you , and I do not want to leave you there , never see you again . karen you wave to I in the elevator . she 's loosen he tie , unbuttone he shirt . foley I be not sure you catch that . karen I could not believe it . I be think of you by then , a lot , wonder what it would be like if we do meet . like if we could take a time - out ... foley really ? I be think the same thing . if we could call time and get together for a while . they look at each other a moment . foley ( cont 'd ) you know I see you on the street . karen where ? foley outside Adele 's . he start to kiss she again , but -- karen you be go to see she ? foley to warn she about chino . karen so she do help you ? foley I do not think we should get into that . karen no , you be right . or buddy . I will not ask if he 's with you or what you be do here in Detroit . or if you have run into Glenn michael yet . foley do not talk like that , okay ? you scare I . and he move to kiss she , but she stand up , hold out she hand . karen come on . he get up and she lead he across the room ... int . bedroom - same Jack sit on the bed to take off he shoe , stand up to take off he pants . karen be you gonna leave you tie on ? he look at she , down to she bra and panty , watch as she get out of the rest of she clothes and come over to he , stand close to help he with the tie ... foley my God , look at you . when she clothes be off , she loop the tie around he neck again and then as she turn off the light ... she kiss he . he sit down on the bed , draw she back with he , the only light now come from the sit room . foley ( cont 'd ) you have fun ? she smile and then they start to make love as we then ... fade out . CUT to : karen eye open , serious now . reveal she 's lie in Jack 's arm . she look at he a moment , then move away from he to sit up and swing she leg off the bed . foley you come back ? karen I be just go to the bathroom . she get up and cross the room to the bathroom and close the door . foley pick up he Zippo off the night table . int . bathroom - same she come in . look at herself in the mirror . suddenly feel self - conscious . she grab a bathrobe off the door . int . bedroom - same foley lie there , fiddling with the Zippo , stare up at the ceiling . she come out again and stand look down at he . karen I want you to know something . I be not look for just a fuck , if that 's what you be think . foley why be you mad ? karen or I do it for some kind of kinky thrill . score with a bank robber the way some woman go for rough trade . foley what about < i>my < / i> motive ? now I can say I fuck a US marshal . you think I will ? karen I do not know . he raise the cover , but she just stand there . foley I know of a guy he go in the bank hold a bottle he say be nitroglycerin . he score some cash off a teller , he 's on he way out when he drop the bottle . it shatter on the tile floor , he slip in the stuff , crack he head and they have get he . the nitro be canola oil . I know more fuck - up bank robber than one that know what they be do . I doubt one in ten can tell a dye pack when he see one . most bank robber be fuck moron . to go to bed with a bank robber for kinky thrill , as you say , you would have to be as dumb as they be . I know you be not dumb , so why would I think that ? why would < i>you < / i > think I might think that ? she come over and sit down on the bed . karen you be not dumb . foley I do not know about that . you can not do three fall and think you have much of a brain . they lie there for a few moment , Karen watch he . he sense this , look at she ... foley ( cont 'd ) you get serious on I now ? karen I be try not to . I just wanna know what 's gonna happen . foley ( beat ) you know . and he kiss she . ext . detroit - day the sun be out . the snow have stop fall . a white blanket cover everything . int . karen' HOTEL room - same Karen open she eye , wake up . she close they again , lie on she side , but do not move for a moment . then ... karen oh , for Christ sake , grow up . she open she eye and roll on to she back . she turn she head : foley 's go . she get out of bed . int . sitting room - same Karen come into the room tie she robe . she look at the coffee table where ... something wrap in a napkin lie by the half - empty bottle and the ice bucket . she pick it up and slowly unfold the " gift " from foley : her sig -sauer .38 . int . foley' HOTEL room - day buddy stand at the window look out as foley -- in he underwear -- sit at the table read the newspaper , a room - service breakfast , a bottle of Jim beam close by . buddy it take you , what , seven hour to buy a pair of shoe ? foley I see Karen sisco . buddy turn to he . buddy and she see you ? foley yes , she do . buddy so how 's that work , a want felon socialize with a U.S. marshal ? foley you know how I feel about she . buddy do you give she a jump ? if you do I might begin to understand where you head 's at . foley it be not about get laid . I just want to know what might have happen if thing be different . buddy you find out ? foley yeah , I do . buddy watch foley pour a shot of Jim beam in he coffee . buddy so what 's that mean ? that you be disappointed by what you find or you be sorry you rob all that bank ? foley I do not know . int . karen' HOTEL room - day Karen sit there stare at a Wild Turkey bottle , a couple of glass . she reach for the phone , dial . a moment later , we hear marshall sisco' answering machine and she hang up . int . state theater - night a ring set up on stage . Men hang out on the side . where movie seat use to be be row of round nightclub table ; a row of they on each of four level rise a step at a time up through the theatre to the bar . Rap music boom out of speaker as fighter be announce . everyone in here be black except for Glenn and White Boy Bob who sit at a table in the front row while maurice in a dude black feel cap set on he head just right and shade walk along the apron of the stage . maurice stick and jab , stick and jab ! White Boy Bob throw down a beer and give Glenn 's shoulder a jab . white boy bob you drink like a girl . White Boy look around to see if there be any other moron sit nearby who think it 's funny . Kenneth come through for he pal and laugh . int . theater - same as Karen walk through the bar , pause as she see Glenn sit with White Boy and Kenneth . she step back into the shadow as Glenn glance anxiously about . on glenn as he push he chair back . glenn I get to go take a piss . he hesitates , see the car key on the table in front of White Boy Bob . but before he can grab they ... white boy bob what be you tell we for ? you want somebody to hold you little pecker ? Glenn get up , see he coat on the back of the chair , but know he can not take it with he . he walk away from the table . ext . state theater - parking lot - same time Glenn exit the theater and cross to the parking lot . Karen exit right after , watch he get into the town car . int . town car - same time Glenn behind the wheel , half lie on he right side as he try to rip open the lock glove compartment . his head jerk around as Karen open the door . he sit up straight as she get in with he . karen Glenn , be you try to steal this car ? glenn Jesus , I do not believe it . karen another one of that day , huh , nothing seem to go right ? he raise he empty hand . glen I do not have the key . karen I see that . glenn I mean I be not steal the fuck car . karen you be not ? glenn I already steal it . last week or whenever it be , in West Palm . I can not be steal it again , can I ? karen the two guy you be with -- that one , that be not maurice Miller , be it ? I have see snoopy 's mug shot and that do not look like he . glenn Jesus . how would you know about snoopy ? Karen look at he , shake she head . karen Glenn , I know you life history , who you friend be , where you have be and now , it look like , where you be go . put you hand on the wheel . glenn you be gonna bust I for pick up a car ? karen for the car , for aid and abetting a prison escape , and conspire to do whatever you come here for . glenn listen , this guy , they be gonna be out here any minute look for I . they be fuck animal . karen what 's go on , Glenn ? glenn nothing . I just wanna get the fuck outta here . karen but I think the whole thing be you idea ? glenn rippin ' off ripley be my idea , but this guy , man , they be into shit I can not handle . karen ripley ? you mean the wall street guy ? glenn yeah , the plan be to pick he up at he office tomorrow , take he out to he house in bloomfield Hills . now , I do not give a shit what they do . karen and be foley a part of this ? glenn he 's suppose to be , but he have not show up yet , which be a good thing for he . karen why 's that ? glenn maurice be gonna kill he , try and collect the reward . karen ( beat ) but you say he have not show up , you think he back out ? glenn I do not know -- he do not exactly confide in I . karen gee , I wonder why not . glenn I be freezing my ass off . karen you want to get out of here , run , it will warm you up . glenn really ? karen but listen , Glenn . if you be lie to I ... glenn I know , you will find I . Jesus , I believe it . I keep think if you have not drive I to federal court last summer , you would not even know who I be . karen if I do not know you , Glenn , by tomorrow you would be in jail or dead . look at it that way . go on . and he take off . she sit there another moment , then flick she cigarette out the door , get out the car . ext . parking lot - same Karen look across the street at the theatre , see people leave . a few second later , she step behind a car and watch as buddy and foley pull into the lot . int . theater - same maurice sit with White Boy and Kenneth as foley and buddy come down the aisle to they table . maurice where you be ? you miss the big boy , come in time for the walkout fight . well , shit , you may as well pull up a chair . foley and buddy remain stand . maurice ( cont 'd ) Kenneth , this be Mr. Jack foley and this be Mr. buddy , famous bank robber . foley nod to the raincoat drape over the back of a chair . foley who 's sit here ? maurice you homie , Glenn . only thing , he go to the man 's about a while ago and never come back . foley give buddy a look . White Boy Bob grin at they . white boy bob I think he must have fall in . maurice I send this two look for he , they come back shaking they head . foley well , if he leave he coat and he 's be go a while . white boy bob the car 's still there . I look . maurice ( to the ring ) Reggie , push off and hit , man . push he off . foley we be leave . maurice the fuck you talk about ? foley snoop , if you do not know where Glenn be ... maurice take foley by the arm , move he away from the table . maurice look , what you worried about Glenn for ? what 's he know ? foley I think everything . foley watch the fighter : one of they patient , move in while the other one take wild swing and miss ... maurice Glenn know everything we suppose to do tomorrow . Glenn could tell somebody that , yeah , but it do not mean shit . you understand ? ' Cause Glenn do not know I change the plan . ( then ) it 's happen tonight . foley look at maurice now . maurice ( cont 'd ) soon as we leave here . stop home and pick up what we need and go do it . foley ( beat ) give I a minute , talk to buddy . maurice you get two minute , that 's all . make up you mind . foley I be not ask permission . foley walk up to the bar with buddy . foley ( cont 'd ) they want to go tonight , before Glenn get in any trouble , open he big mouth . buddy whatta you wanna do ? foley take out he lighter , begin play with it . buddy ( cont 'd ) you know they gonna set we up . foley I get that feel , yeah . buddy but you still think you can get the diamond fore they do ? foley look at he a moment , then ... foley I will make you a deal . get out of here . right now . I will do the job with the snoop , meet you wherever you want and give you half . buddy half for do what ? foley get I out of glade for starter . buddy and who watch you back ? on maurice as he sit down with White Boy Bob and Kenneth , watch as buddy and foley talk up at the bar . maurice man have all that reward on he head and still talk like a con in the yard . you know what I be say ? like he 's a man you do not mess with . yeah , well , what I say to Jack foley be buuull < i>shit < / i>. ext . maurice' house - night it 's snow as maurice , White Boy Bob , Kenneth , buddy , and foley pile into the back of a van , the name of some plumbing and heating company on the side . we pull back to reveal that we be watch from inside Karen 's car . she wait for the van to pull away , then follow . int . van - night Kenneth -- the fuck maniac -- at the wheel . buddy and foley pile into the back of the van full of plastic pipe and equipment . maurice pull on a pair of white coverall . foley that what they be wear this day to break and enter ? maurice break and enter , shit . take it and git , how it 's do . do not waste any time . that 's how you do it . foley so you have do this before , huh ? maurice shit , yeah . White Boy even get bust for it . ( then ) White Boy , tell this boy the reason you go down on that burglary that time . white boy bob I leave my wallet in the house I rob . the guy grin at they . foley can not believe it . maurice take the tv , the vcr , some other shit and leave he wallet on the floor . foley that 's a wonderful story , snoop . I be very excited about tonight . maurice hey . you learn from do . foley and buddy exchange look . maurice turn around , a beretta in he hand . foley look at he . buddy tense . maurice ( cont 'd ) you know how to use one a this ? foley I have see them use on tv . maurice hand foley the beretta . then reach into a bag , come up with a .38 he hand to buddy . int . karen be car - same as Karen try to keep up with the van . but with the snow and the way Kenneth drive , she start to lose they . she speed up around a corner and lose control of the car . ext . STREET - same as Karen 's car do a 360 in the ice and snow . int . van - night buddy and foley be jostle about the back from Kenneth 's insane drive . buddy slow down . Kenneth grin in the mirror , punch it more . buddy get out the .38 and touch it to the back of Kenneth 's head . buddy ( cont 'd ) get ready to grab the wheel when I shoot this asshole . Kenneth , he eye freak with speed , glare at buddy in the mirror . maurice do like he say , man . slow down . ext . karen be car - night as a piss - off Karen get out of she car , watch the van disappear . karen shit -- int . karen be car - same she take out she cellphone , punch a number , re-orient she car at the same time . ext . richard ripley's house - night as the van creep by one way , then the other , then pull into the driveway . int . / ext . van - ripley's house all five of they in the back end of the van now , bump into each other until maurice let White Boy out the rear end , leave the door open enough so he can watch . he then rack the slide on a .45 . maurice " a army .45 will stop all jive . " huey P. say that . buddy you think he be talk about walk into people 's house when he say it ? maurice look at buddy . buddy hold he gaze . then the coach light on either side of the front entrance come on . maurice ( pull he mask down ) get ready to go ski . now the front door open ... maurice ( cont 'd ) here we go . we catch a glimpse of a woman in the doorway , arm fold over she bathrobe as White Boy give she a push and step inside the house with she . maurice be out of the truck and Kenneth , with a shotgun , be scramble to be next . buddy catch he by he jacket collar and hold he squirming until foley be out . the minute Kenneth 's foot hit the driveway he turn the 12 - gauge on buddy , still in the truck . foley take the barrel in one hand and shove it straight up in Kenneth 's face . foley go on in the house before you get hurt . Kenneth put he face up close to foley 's and stare at he good before go inside . foley turn to buddy ... foley ( cont 'd ) there 's still time , take I up on my offer . buddy I be not leave you alone with this asshole . int . house - foyer - same where maurice have the woman back against a table . she 's in she forty , with thick red hair hang free . she look ready to take a swing at whoever approach ... woman I work here . I be the may . Kenneth reach out , open she robe and we get a flash of flimsy bra and low - cut panty before she slap he away . woman / maid fuck off . kenneth hey , shit , we be gonna have a party . maurice not yet . where 's Mr. ripley ? maid I tell you , he be not here . maurice out for the evening ? maid he 's in Florida . Palm Beach . maurice ( beat ) when 's he due back ? foley Jesus Christ , what difference do it make ? you want to wait for he ? maid Mr. ripley 's down for the season . Christmas to Easter . maurice you here all by yourself ? maid ( beat ) that 's right , just I . foley catch the hesitation , glance at buddy . maurice where 's ripley 's safe at , he keep he valuable in . maid I do not have any idea . maurice let 's go upstairs , have a look at the man 's bedroom . all right now , you and Mr. buddy check the room down here . look at the wall behind any picture hang on it . look at the wall in the closet . the man have a safe , it 's gonna be up there somewhere . foley how about he place in Florida ? if you would call , we could have check he wall down there before we leave . that be , if you would check to see where he be . you follow I ? maurice give he a look , pull the may up the stair . Kenneth and White Boy Bob follow ... maurice you set off any kind of alarm and you be a dead hazel . understand ? Kenneth put he arm around the may . kenneth what 's you name , mama ? he hook a finger in the waist of she panty , pull on the elastic , be about to look in there when maurice backhand he across the face . maurice first money , then pussy . alone with buddy now , foley roll he mask up on he head . foley you ever wear one of this ? buddy I do not ski . foley stay with the may . I be gonna have a look around . int . karen be car - night Karen on the phone ... snow fall all around she . raymond cruz ( phone ) I will send a unit over there , see if there 's anything go on . karen tell I where ripley 's house be . I will meet they there . cruz ( phone ) Karen , you gonna promise I you be not gonna go in , do anything stupid till I get there ... int . bedroom - same time full of fat , cushy chair and a sofa , everything white or black , a wet bar , a big tv , CD player . buddy move into the doorway , peer inside . Kenneth be try to find a radio station while maurice and White Boy Bob ransack the place . White Boy Bob check under the mattress ... white boy bob hey -- maurice and Kenneth look over expectantly . white boy bob ( cont 'd ) I find a rubber . maurice White Boy , the man 's not gonna hide no diamond under the fuckin ' mattress . maurice look out the door , see buddy in the doorway . maurice ( cont 'd ) where 's foley ? buddy checkin ' the other room , like you say . maurice ( to White Boy ) go keep a eye on he . White Boy Bob slip out of the room . maurice turn to Kenneth , who 's still play with the stereo . maurice ( cont 'd ) Kenneth , fuck the radio , put on a CD . kenneth ( look they over ) I do not recognize none of this band . maurice just pick one , put it on . int . upstair hallway - same White Boy Bob watch from the end of the hall as foley peer into each of the bedroom . foley see a back staircase and start down . a moment later White Boy Bob follow . int . downstair hallway - same White Boy Bob come down the stair . no sign of foley . White Boy start down one hallway , then turn back . now he 's lose . he open a door , start to walk into a closet , then back out . he go down the hall , turn into ... the kitchen - same where White Boy Bob enter , call out tentatively . white boy bob uh , foley ? he take in the huge room , the massive sub-zero refrigerator . he move to the freezer , open it , take in the frozen steak . white boy bob ( cont 'd ) cool . int . hallway ( downstair ) - same as foley quietly move to the doorway , peer into the kitchen , watch White Boy Bob start go through the freezer , take out steak and stack they up on the counter . foley shake he head and move on . int . library ( downstair ) - same Dark . as foley step into the doorway , we boom down to reveal a lighted aquarium in f.g . he come into the room , sit down in a armchair beside the fish tank . he lean close to the glass , stare at the fish a moment . he see a door reflect there and turn to look across the room , see how the phone cord disappear underneath . foley they cut the line , Richard . silence . the door open and we see a terrify Richard ripley sit on top of a toilet , the phone in he lap . ripley foley ? that you ? foley how be you , Richard ? ripley Jesus Christ , what the hell be you do here ? what 's go on ? who 's upstairs ? foley maurice Miller , couple of he friend . ripley maurice ? from lompoc ? good god. ripley move to the doorway . ripley ( cont 'd ) have they get midge up there ? foley what kinda man let a woman answer the door , this time a night ? ripley we think it might be she husband . sometimes he come and check up on she . she tell he I be down in Florida . foley a minute or two , you be gonna wish you be . ripley look at he . foley pat the back of a chair . foley ( cont 'd ) why do not you come on over here , sit down , Richard , have a look at you fish . ext . bloomfield hill - road - same as Karen slowly negotiate she way through the snowstorm . int . ripley's bedroom - same the music on loud ( herb alpert -- Tijuana taxi ) . buddy stand in the doorway , watch maurice , out of he coverall , as he take suit and sport coat from the walk - in closet to look they over . he try on a coat , turn to the may . maurice how do I look , mama ? maid like a fag . maurice smile at she , go back into the closet . Kenneth stare at the may , nodd slowly . kenneth I think she like to tussle with I . get bone a way she gonna remember . she look to the doorway , where buddy now start to take a step into the room , when maurice come out of the closet ... maurice ( os ) motherfucker ! he stick he head out of the closet . maurice ( cont 'd ) I find the safe . buddy back out of the room . ext . richard ripley's house - same as Karen drive slowly past the house . White Boy Bob emerge with a armload of steak and set they on the front step . maurice White Boy ! get you ass up here ! White Boy Bob hurry back into the house . int . ripley's library - same ripley sit on the couch across from foley . he keep look up at the ceiling . ripley what do you want from I , Jack ? name it . you want money ? foley you gonna write I a check ? ripley we will go to my bank . I will make a withdrawal . foley just look at he . buddy stick he head in the room . buddy they find the safe . foley you remember buddy , do not you , Richard ? buddy yeah , hi . Nice house . ripley thank you . int . bedroom - closet doorway - same White Boy Bob come in as Kenneth and maurice be get ready to blast the safe with the shotgun and pistol . maurice we gonna open up this fucker ... maurice and he boy open fire on the safe . the may cover up as bullet begin ricochete all over the room . maurice ( cont 'd ) Jesus ...! ext . house - same time Karen see the muzzle flash in the upstairs window and quickly get out of the car . int . study - same as buddy and ripley look up . ripley ( get up ) good God ... they be shoot midge ! foley ( push he down ) siddown , Dick . they be try to open the safe , not you may . int . bedroom as maurice , Kenneth and White Boy Bob get ready to fire again . maurice a'ight , this time we gotta get the motherfuckin ' trajectory right ... ( pause ) okay , on three : one ... two ... maid the combination be three - ten-forty -four . they all turn to look at she , gun still point at the safe . maid ( cont 'd ) Richard 's birthday . ext . house - same as Karen cautiously make she way towards the front door . int . bedroom - same as maurice finally get the safe open . they all anxiously peer inside . maurice narrow he eye , reach in , pull out one of three toupee . he stare at it . maurice ... the fuck be this ... white boy bob be they dead ? he look at White Boy Bob ... maurice go find foley . now ! int . ripley's study - same as foley lean forward in the chair now ... ripley I can not believe you be still angry with I , Jack , after all this time . foley I be not angry , Richard . ( stare at the tank ) in fact , I be completely relaxed . thing be , I can not tell if it 's the fish that be cool I out or all that uncut diamond on the bottom of the tank there . ripley sag , close he eye . buddy damn -- and now buddy take a closer look and now we , too , see that strewn about the bottom of the aquarium be dozen of uncut diamond of various size . foley dumbfuck Glenn be right , there 's about five million worth in there , would not you say , Richard ? ripley five point two . buddy they look like plain old rock . foley they sure do . he get up , look at buddy . foley ( cont 'd ) go get a bag . foley turn to Richard as buddy come back into the room with a plastic bag , start reach into the tank . foley ( cont 'd ) I be you , I would get up and run . ripley I be not leave midge . foley do not be a asshole , Richard . they be gonna kill you . ripley if that 's my fate , so be it . I be not leave . ( then ) I love she , Jack . foley look at buddy . now what ? buddy c'mon . foley just look at ripley , who do not move . foley good luck , Richard . maurice ( os ) someone down here ? buddy and foley slip out the other door , down the hall , just as maurice walk in , some of ripley 's clothes over he arm . maurice ( cont 'd ) well , if it be not the ripper hisself . ripley be that < i>my < / i > suit ? maurice where you be hide , Dick ? ext . house - same a now - freezing Karen hug a retain wall , watch as foley and buddy emerge from the house . at the van as buddy lean under the dash . foley look up at the house where we see shadow move about in the upstairs window , hear the faint pump of the music . we hear the van start . buddy okay . buddy straighten up , look at foley . buddy ( cont 'd ) come < i>on< / i>. foley shit . buddy what ? foley they be gonna rape the may , be not they . buddy from the look of that boy , the ripper too . foley and then they will kill them . buddy at least . foley look at the diamond in the bag . foley we make it , do not we ? buddy all you gotta do be get in . again foley look at the diamond , then ... foley I be go back inside . buddy I will go with you . foley finally hand he the bag with the diamond in it ... foley no , you dump the van , meet I at the airport . I will take one of ripley 's car . buddy Jack -- foley listen , buddy , the shit that 's about to go down , you will be on the phone with you sister for a month . let I do this part alone . buddy just look at he . foley ( cont 'd ) I be say this be not you problem . Far as I be concerned , we be square . foley turn to go . buddy hey ... buddy hand he he gun . foley take it , stuff it in the back of he pants , and then turn back to the house . foley now get outta here . karen as she watch foley go back inside . a moment later , the van pull out of the driveway . Karen make a decision , start for the side of the house ... int . ripley's house - the foyer - same foley enter and we hear the may scream . foley start up the stair . int . ripley's study maurice and White Boy Bob both have they gun to ripley 's head . ripley ( hear the scream ) midge . maurice forget about she . tell I where the money 's at . ripley foley 's get it . maurice where the fuck be foley ? int . upstair hall - same foley come up the stair , head for ripley 's bedroom . the door be close now ... foley midge ? he step to one side , be about to reach for the knob when suddenly the door be blasted off its hinges . int . kitchen ( downstair ) - same time Karen come through the door , hear the gunshot , stop cold . int . hallway ( upstair ) - same as foley step into the doorway and we see Kenneth and the may bare , both sit up in bed , Kenneth rack the shotgun , the may turn away from he , gather the cover that hang off she side of the bed ... ... and come around to throw they like a net at Kenneth as the shotgun go off and the cover catch fire as foley pump one two three shot into Kenneth somewhere under there . int . ripley's study - same as ripley try to get away ... ripley midge ! maurice grab he by the collar , spin he around and whip he across the face with he gun . he and White Boy Bob then both hit ripley on the head until he go down and stay down . maurice ( to wbb ) you take the front stair , I will take the back . int . ripley's bedroom - same as the may jump up and drag the burn cover from the bed and see Kenneth now , the bullet hole in he chest , stare blankly back at he . she then look at foley . maid ( cold ) where 's Dick ? foley downstair . ( then ) but wait here . there 's two more . int . upstair hallway - same as foley start out of the room and immediately hear ... white boy bob hold it , asshole ! foley see White Boy Bob at the bottom of the stair . white boy bob ( cont 'd ) Drop the gun . nowhere to go , foley have to comply . white boy bob ( cont 'd ) now stay right there . do not move . White Boy Bob start to jog up the stair two at a time , all the while keep he eye fix on foley . white boy bob ( cont 'd ) maurice ! I get foley ! int . ripley's back staircase - same as maurice start up the backstair ... white boy bob maurice ! up here ! ... and a moment later , Karen come out of the kitchen into the downstairs hallway -- just miss each other . int . staircase - same as White Boy Bob get maybe half way up when he catch a toe on one of the riser and pitch forward . stupidly , he try to break he fall with the elbow of he gun hand and end up jam he chin down onto the muzzle of he gun which , unfortunately for he , go off , fire a bullet through he head and kill he instantly . to say the least , foley be stunne by this freak accident . he stand there look at the dead bulk on the stair . foley ( finally ) you learn from do . foley bend down to pick up he gun and we see maurice coming up the back staircase , he gun raise , and now fire away ... foley be force to jump back behind a pillar as maurice keep fire at he , shot ricochete off the pillar , the railing , the wall ... int . downstair hallway - same as Karen hug the wall at the sound of gunshot , see ripley lie on the floor of the study ... int . upstair hallway - same as we hear click as the breech open on maurice 's now empty .45 and now foley step out from behind the pillar and calmly bend down , pick up he gun , maurice still walk forward ... maurice Jack , you do not use a gun , do you ? foley not until recently . maurice ( still come ) nervous ? foley a little . maurice ( get close ) this kind of setup , you do not have any idea what the fuck you be do -- do you ? foley you be right . so why take a chance -- foley pull the trigger . click . maurice hesitates , surprised that foley would pull the trigger , then the two of they at the same time rush each other , begin a messy < i>mano a mano < / i> , now use they spend gun as bludgeon . int . ripley's study - same as Karen carefully come into the room , ripley let out a low groan . she 's bend down to check he when her phone ring . int . upstair hallway - same as foley and maurice grapple on the floor near the head of the stair . int . study - same as Karen answer she phone , check ripley ... karen hello ? cruz ( phone ) we be a few minute away . just sit tight , stay outta the house till we get there , understand ? karen oh-kay ... int . upstair hallway - same as foley finally shove maurice down the stair . maurice roll down a few step , right over White Boy Bob , as ... foley get up , run back to the bedroom . int . ripley's bedroom - same as foley enter , go straight to Kenneth 's body , begin search for the shotgun ( lift the cover , turn over the body , etc ) with no success ... foley shit ... int . stairwell - same as maurice attempt to prise the gun out from under the dead bulk of White Boy Bob . int . ripley's bedroom - same as foley , exasperate , stand back up ... midge ( o.s. ) this what you want ? foley look to where midge stand -- now back in she bathrobe , but more importantly , clutching the shotgun . foley cross and take it from she , begin to stride out of the room , when -- midge ( cont 'd ) it 's empty . foley just look at she . int . stairwell - same as maurice finally roll White Boy Bob over , grab the gun ... int . ripley's bedroom - same as foley stick he hand in Kenneth 's coverall , come out with a shell , load the gun , snap it shut ... int . stairwell - same as maurice cock the pistol , take a step up the stair ... karen ( os ) maurice -- maurice spin around , point he gun down at Karen , now stand in the foyer , she own gun point up at he ... ext . house - same time as Raymond Cruz and several green-and - white arrive ... int . ripley's bedroom - same as Jack , about to exit , stop cold as he hear two gunshot , then a body fall . he stand still . not sure who be just shot . after a long moment , we then hear : karen ( os ) Jack ? he see midge look at he , close he eye , sag against the wall . karen ( os ) ( cont 'd ) I know you be up there . int . foyer - same as foley step into the hallway , he ski mask now pull down over he face . he hold Kenneth 's shotgun in one hand and he pistol in another . karen come on , Jack -- do not . foley pretend I be somebody else . karen you think I would shoot you ? foley bring up the pistol and the shotgun . and now we hear the siren ... foley if you do not , one of that guy will . karen what be you now , a desperado ? put the gun down . foley I tell you , I be not go back . he raise the gun hip-high and we hear sound behind Karen , but she 's quick to raise she hand , though she do not turn or look around . karen do not do this . please . they stand there stare at each other . foley no more time out . he raise the gun . she sadly shake she head . karen you win , Jack . she fire and he fall to the staircase , drop the gun , grab hold of he right thigh . and now Cruz and several other cop enter ... Karen motion they to stop ... cruz Karen , I tell you not to -- karen wait , I know he --okay ? she go up the staircase to where foley be lie and gently lift the ski mask and look at he sad eye . karen ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Jack , but I can not shoot you . foley you just do , for Christ sake . karen you know what I mean . she glance about , make sure no one can hear , then lean closer to he . karen ( cont 'd ) I wish thing be different . I be sorry , Jack . foley look like he 's in pain . he watch as she walk back down the stair . as a couple of uniform cop rush past she and pick up foley , a shaky ripley stagger into the foyer . midge Richard ! she come run down the stair into he arm . they embrace . he look at foley over she shoulder ... ripley ( sympathetic ) listen , Jack ... ( but then ) what would you do with my diamond ? foley just look at he . ext . busy STREET - night as buddy pull the van into a alley . he jump out , jog back to the street and hail a cab ... int . cab - same buddy suddenly get in , bang on the bulletproof glass . buddy the airport . the cab pull away . buddy glance up front , then pull the Ziploc bag from he coat and hold it up . there 's a bit of water in along with the diamond . a tiny fish swim in the water . something about this make buddy smile as we ... dissolve to : ext . karen' HOTEL - morning the sun be out . the sky be clear . karen ( vo ) they do not know yet if they want to bring he up on the homicide . int . karen' HOTEL room - morning Karen on the phone . her suitcase on the bed . karen I doubt if they will . the Bureau 's put a detainer on he , so when they be through with he here he will go back to Florida . int . marshall sisco' sitting room - same Marshall on the phone ... marshall you gonna go get he ? karen it 's possible . why ? marshall I be just think ... you could have a nice time with he on the plane -- like pick up where you interlude , or whatever you call it , leave off . and then throw he in the can . karen he know what he be do . nobody force he to rob bank . marshall my little girl , the tough babe . Karen hang up , stare thoughtfully out the window . int . prison cell - day where foley stand stare out of he window . voice foley . as foley turn around and face a federal marshal in the doorway , we see that foley 's hand and foot be shackle . int / ext . prison station garage - day the marshal lead foley from the building to where a black government van wait . the marshal help foley inside . federal marshal have a nice trip . ( look os ) I will get the other one . int / ext . van - same as foley sit down , stare at the floor . he look depressed . we hear the front door open , then close . karen ( os ) Jack ? he look to where Karen look at he through a steel grate that separate the front from the back . karen I get you a present , something for the road . she push a zippo through the grate . karen ( cont 'd ) I have to take it away , though , soon as the ride 's over . before foley can say anything , the back door be open once more and the marshal help another prisoner -- a black man with a shave head -- into the back of the van . federal marshal Jack foley meet hejira Henry . a annoyed foley stare at the guy as the marshal shut the door then get in up front with Karen . foley < i> hejira ? < / i> what kinda name be that ? hejira Islamic . foley what 's it mean , " no Hair " ? hejira the hejira be the flight of Mohammed from Mecca in 622 . foley the flight ? hejira the brother in Leavenworth give I the name . foley you be at Leavenworth , huh ? hejira for a time . foley meaning ? hejira meaning time come , I leave . foley you bust out ? hejira I prefer to call it a exodus from a undesirable place . foley ( interested now ) and how long be it before they catch up with you ? hejira that time ? foley there be other . hejira yeah . that be the ninth . foley ( really interested ) the ninth ? hejira ten , you count the prison hospital in Ohio I walk away from . foley you must be some kinda walker , Henry . hejira hejira . foley and so now you be off to glade . hejira apparently , yeah . I be suppose to leave last night with the lady marshal , but for some reason she want to wait . foley ( look at Karen ) she do , huh . hejira Cheaper I guess , take we both down in one van . foley yeah , could be . or maybe she think we would have a lot to talk about . hejira like what ? foley I do not know . ( then ) it 's a long way down to Florida . foley glance at she , then turn back to heiira Henry and consider the guy ; a smile on foley 's face , he spirit a little higher than when he first sit down , as we then ... CUT to black .