outbreak written by lawrence dworet & ROBERT roy pool December 1993 draft for educational purpose only outbreak fade in : ext . jungle high - pitched whine . louder and louder . mortar race through the air and explode in the distant jungle . sol - dier -- black , white , Oriental -- curse and mutter in french , german , Australian and american as they reload . computer keys pound -- the letter leap across the screen : the motaba river valley , belgian congo ( zaire ) , 1960 . the camp of force loyal to moise tshombe - day black male nurse carry a bucket of water from the motaba River rush past the mercenary Army to -- camp infirmary where he replace the towel on the forehead of a fever - ish , delirious australian mercenary with a cold new one . australian mercenary gimme something ' for the bleedin ' pain . c'mon , mate , help I . the mercenary try to lift himself out of he stretcher . can not . he 's too weak . his skin be yellow and cover with blister that look like chicken pox . nurse ( check the soldier 's temp ) he 's still over a hundred and six . why can not we bring it down ? the black African army physician , dr . raswani , look on , helpless . suddenly , the Australian emit a sharp cry . his eye roll back , and he begin convulse . before raswani can even reach into he bag for medecine , the mercenary be dead . raswani and he nurse stare with horror . the drone of a chopper grow louder as a Bell Z180 ap - pear over the edge of the forest and kick up a storm of dust as it land . raswani and the nurse run to meet it . in they eye , hope . ( continued ) continued : two space - suite figure emerge from the chopper , they face hide by thick green plexiglass shield . the U.S. flag be emblazon on the side of they helmet , which also display they rank . the much taller man be a lieutenant whom we will know as mcclintock . through he visor , we can just make out he pock -mark , angular face . the short , pear-shape man be a captain . we can not see he feature , only the reflection of horn - rimmed glass . raswani have you bring the medicine ? captain soon . raswani why the hell do not you bring they ? cut to : infirmary the two space-suited figure follow Dr. raswani past soldier after soldier infect with the same disease . raswani thirty death yesterday , eighteen the day before , the disease be kill we man faster than enemy bullet . the Captain stop at a young american mercenary be cot . he 's shaking with fever . his skin be mottle and look like the pulp of a orange . his voice be a whisper : american mercenary take I home , Captain ... get I outta this shithole . please , I wanna see my girl . the american mercenary reach out with he arm to the Captain , who shrink back , not want to be contaminate . captain we will get you home , soldier . first , I need a tissue sample . he pull from he black bag a long metal syringe and plunge the biopsy needle deep into the man 's liver . he place the needle in a aluminum test tube and seal it . ( continued ) continued : american mercenary promise I you will get I home . promise I , goddamit ! a long uneasy beat . captain we will get you home . cut to : two space - suite U.S. army figure board they chopper , Dr. raswani and he nurse stand by . raswani not just supplies , but doctor and nurse . and suit like yours to protect we . this disease spread too fast . captain the plane tonight will bring everything . cut to : inside chopper ascend above the camp . Lt. mcclintock and the Captain look out the window at the campsite . mcclintock it 's viral . there 's no way to stop it . it could spread all over the world . we can not see the Captain 's face , but feel he remorse . so can mcclintock : mcclintock if you will excuse my bluntness , sir , you can not go halfway on this one . captain do not ever -- ever -- tell I what I have to do . cut to : tshombe campsite —- dusk Dr. raswani give a shot to the american mercenary , who look terminal . dr . raswani this will help the pain . the male nurse rush up . male nurse they be come . american mercenary I know ... they would come back ... I know . help I up . help I -- cut to : raswani the male nurse , and dozen of soldier rush across the forest to the makeshift runway beside the camp . in the distance a camouflage DC - 3 be rapidly approach . int . DC - 3 the pilot , no more than 21 , see the soldier celebrate they arrival down on the runway . his hand be on the green bomb release lever . pilot I can not . mcclintock be in the copilot 's seat . mcclintock it 's either they or we . he put he hand on the green release lever . hesitates . pilot you can not either . on ground Dr. raswani and the soldier stare at the plane , come in too high for a landing . inside plane mcclintock squeeze the green lever . ( continued ) continued : the bomb cannister under the wing open up , release a thick cloud of yellow cyanide gas . on ground scream of agony rip out as raswani and the soldier convulse and die . the plane shoot over the treetop , spraying the ground below like a crop duster . then the plane arc and approach again . over runway litter with the dead , the plane release a waxy grey cloud . one second . two second . a eerie stillness . the cloud explode in a huge inferno . the plane release more and more napalm , burn the jungle for mile . the cry of animal catch in the fire pierce the night . flame shoot up tree a hundred foot high . pull back to show the whole forest ablaze . a long beat , then at the very left corner of the frame , a monkey with a black and white coat ( a colobos monkey ) emerge from the fire , look back at its mate , threaten by the flame . the colobos jump up and down , bare its tooth , scream . the fire move relentlessly forward . the monkey dart to safety . cut to : motaba river valley - next morning a metal syringe burn to a molten shard lie beside a mortar launcher , twisted and deform like some bizarre modern sculpture . pull back to reveal acre after acre , mile after mile of nothing but ash and carcass of burnt - out tree . not a single live thing remain . fade out and roll credit . fade up : treetop a wind rippling through treetop . ( continued ) continued : computer keys pound : " the motaba river valley , august 12 , 1994 . " SHOCK CUT to : above rainforest brilliant stream of orange and purple , the last ray of the set sun , dance across the sky and penetrate the vapor cloud above the rain forest . unworldly silence . shatter by : giant tree crashing to the ground . tractor roar , chainsaw rev with a penetrate whine . huge tree live undisturbed for hundred of year topple to earth , they root rip from the soil . reveal the army of construction worker clear a path for the new road link kinshasa with bangui . White foremen bellow order in french at they black worker , include : morazu : a seven - foot tall goliath with mischievous eye . he punch on he chain saw and rip into another tree . a cloud of wood dust envelop he . overhead - zairean army helicopter roar by overhead , they machine gunner search for guerilla activity . intercut - two colobos monkey a mother and she daughter , whom we will know as betsy . betsy play with a fat , round jackfruit , kick it and roll it every which way . her mother watch the construction worker warily . morazu hum as he pull a huge tree limb off the road and into a thick patch of brush where he come face to face with betsy . morazu smile . he take a long piece of sweeten bread from he pocket and lay it down right in front of the young monkey . betsy eye it warily . morazu ( softly ) take it . ( continued ) continued : a long beat . betsy take the bread , examine it careful - ly , finally take a bite . morazu grab she . betsy struggle , thrashing and scream - ing . morazu pin she hand behind she back . she spin around and sink she tooth into he finger . he let go with a shriek and swear at betsy , who disap - pear with the bread . stay with morazu as he return to he work . he suck the blood out of the small wound . cut to : ext . motaba riva valley ( august 15 ) morazu get off a bus by a small muddy river and walk slowly toward he village of about fifty mud-thatch hut . pain in he back make he wince . we see he up close : he eye be red and he skin be pale . he 's sweat . he stop at the village well and take a drink . other villager come up to say hello , and morazu greet they wearily , dip he cup back in the water for another drink . the villager drink too . discover in the background : the tribal medicine man , the " ju - ju man . " streak and circle of paint cover he skin . he watch the excitement surround morazu 's return . cut to : rain forest - later that night a small group of colobos monkey include betsy and she mother run swiftly through the forest . suddenly , betsy cry out . her foot be snag in a trap . before she mother can respond , she 's pull high into the air into a bamboo cage . the door snap shut . betsy scream in fear and pain , hang upside down -- cut to : same - following morning the colobos monkey scatter as voice approach , revealing two tribesmen pull a small wagon . the man chatter as they lower the cage hold betsy onto the cart . ( continued ) continued : fade up luciano pavarotti sing a love song from '' La boheme " and ... cut to : close on human skull wear porsche sunglass and a Army Colonel 's hat . computer keys pound : " Frederick , maryland , August 19 . " int . gillespie' live room - night fade up the voice of a man singing along with the great tenor . continue panning over the room : the skull give way to a full skeleton wear a star-spangled red-white - and - blue bow - tie and carry a umbrella over its fore - arm . continue past the oak rolltop desk . mike gillespie , about 40 , keep sing as he read through a lengthy type report , make note in the margin . luciano hit a high c. gillespie reach for it ... and miss badly . dog whine o.s. , probably in closer harmony to luciano than gillespie . he 's not pleased . gillespie I rescue you from certain death and instead of gratitude , you mock I . his two wolfhound , olser and harvey , grovel on the floor contritely , each with a wear shoe in he mouth . behind they we see the rest of gillespie 's live / dining room . his townhouse be spartan ; it need a woman 's touch . un - pack box stand in the corner beside a treadmill . gillespie that can not go unpunish . no letterman for three night . the dog wag the run shoe . cut to : old creek park ( frederick , maryland ) - night gillespie , puffing , a weekend runner , strain to keep up with the dog . they bark excitedly . ( continued ) continued : gillespie ( reach into he pocket ) okay ! okay ! without break stride , he throw what look like stick high into the air . the dog jump and catch the object in they mouth and race back to gillipsie . we see they be old stethoscope with thick rubber tub . gillespie let they fly again . he laugh at they eager - ness and keep run , sprinting now , try to prove to himself that he 's still young . suddenly -- a phone ring . without break stride , he pull a cellular phone from he pocket : gillespie ( into phone ) Dr. gillespie ... how many dead ?... int . billy ford' office ( fort detrick , maryland ) gillespie 's boss , general billy ford , md , be a heavy - set man in he early 60' with thinning hair , pierce , in - telligent grey eye and a warm smile . scatter all around he office be cage fill with frog and rep - tile . as he talk on the phone , he 's feed a green - horn toad some dead fly . ford almost a entire village . intercut with : ford with gillespie still run . gillespie be be lassa fever ? ebola ? what ? ford how the hell do I know ? I be the bureaucrat , you be the detective , remember ? all I know be State want we to lend a hand and when the Secretary talk , I listen . and when I talk , you listen . you be code Red . the plane 's leave at 01:30 . ( continued ) 10 . continued : gillespie yes , sir . gillespie hang up , out of breath ... excited . cut to : ext . gillespie' old BMW - later that night gillespie and the dog pull into the driveway of a comfor - table two story colonial home , pass a " for sale " sign on the front lawn paste with a " sold " sticker . ext . colonial home gillespie knock . the dog bark excitedly . woman ( 0.s. ) who be it ? the dog recognize the voice and jump against the door . gillespie Mike . roberta " robby " keough , a attractive , intelligent woman in she mid 30' , open the door a few inch , until the latch lock chain snap tight . the dog try to push inside . robby ( smile ; delighted ) hey , guy ! but when she look at gillespie , she 's guard . gillespie robby , I know I be the last guy you would do a favor for , but I have get no one else to ask . robby my lawyer say not to talk to you anymore . gillespie then just listen . I gotta go to Zaire . robby shake she head , " no , no way . " ( continued ) 11 . continued : robby put them in a kennel . gillespie so they can die of some weird disease like stripe do ? she mouth the word " no . " gillespie -- look , robby , if I have any other choice , I would not be here . robby you should have let I have they . you can not take care of they . beat . robby 's tear . the dog nuzzle against she leg . gillespie I will not be go long . robby you know I be move to Atlanta -- they want I to start in four day . gillespie I will be back before that . robby ( sharply ) four day be four week -- to you . silence . gillespie it be not all my fault , robby . robby ( quietly ) I know . a long beat . robby I will look after they on one condition : if you be not back in four day , they be mine . gillespie do not like it . gillespie okay . ( continued ) 12 . continued : robby in write . she unlatch the door and move inside . the dog race after she . gillespie enter ... front hall overflow with move box , some seal , other wait to be pack . gillespie feel awkward , a stranger in he own home . she hand he a prescription pad . he cross off she nameplate , " roberta keough , md , " and start write while robby enter ... kitchen robby hey , guy , c'mon ! they follow she in . robby guess what I get ? the dog bark excitedly . robby damn straight ! she open the freezer , grab a couple of freeze bagel and flip they to the dog . they catch the bagel and start chomping . robby I miss you guy so much . gillespie hand she the note . robby ( read it ) ' I , Michael gillespie , agree that if I be not back in exactly four day from now , the ownership of my dog , Osler and harvey , will go to roberta keough . ' ( hand it back ) time and date it . he do . she point to a huge box on the kitchen table : ( continued ) 13 . continued : robby that 's stuff from mo school ... some of it 's yours . I do not know if you want any of it . he fish through it , shove aside old medical book and equipment . he find a old wood stethoscope with thick rubber tub . he shove in into he pocket . gillespie get a place yet ? robby a apartment . gillespie the first thing you will do be spend the whole night unpack ... you will stay up ' till dawn but you will get everything in its place . robby ( smile ) probably . gillespie nothin ' in my life have be organize since you leave , robby . beat . she 's surprised at he admission . and un - comfortable . so 's he . he continue search through the box and pull out ... a photo take during they honeymoon cruise : they be both smile radiantly as they hold between they a trophy of a dance couple . gillespie y'know , this be the only evidence on Earth that I be ever graceful . he check she reaction . there be a hint of a smile . robby take it . gillespie Nah , people might see it ... get the wrong impression . he drop the photo back in the box and move toward the door . ( continued ) 14 . continued : robby four day . gillespie or less . as we hear the front door OPEN and shut , hold on robby : a hint of regret . cut to : andrews AIR base , maryland computer keys pounding : " andrew Air base , maryland . " flood light illuminate a huge c5a transport plane wait on the runway , its nose cocked open expose its innard to the pour rain . several enlist man rapidly wheel equipment into the open hatch . a private push a dolly load with box with the red cross emblem up the ramp . dr . isaac " izzy " berman , a short , bald Army Major in he late 30 's direct traffic . izzy blood in the freezer over the right wing . c'mon ! gut it ! we be late . the private grunt and push the dolly slowly up the ramp . izzy lend a hand , and the two of they run it up the ramp . Mike gillespie , dress in a uniform , climb down from the cockpit . now we see he rank : Colonel . gillespie where the hell 's yaffe ? izzy his wife ... she 's due tomorrow . I put he on leave . gillespie we need he now ! who 's go to read the electron micrograph ? izzy I will . ( continued ) continued : 15 . gillespie you can not even read a playboy pinup . izzy he say he would get a guy to fill in . gillespie we can not wait . a Jeep drive across the tarmac , toward they and come to a park a short distance away . the Driver scurries out to open the passenger door to let -- General Ford get out . izzy what do he want ? the driver pull two suitcase out of the Jeep and follow Ford into the plane . ford I be comin ' along , Mike . gillespie Sir , we be go into very dangerous territory . ford I be well aware of the danger . gillespie beggin ' you pardon , General , I do not think you be . you have have only the most cursory training on how to avoid contamination . concern for you safety would distract we . ford nothing distract you , Colonel . you will not even know I be there . gillespie Sir , I be not comfortable -- ford Mike , have a little compassion for a old man who 's be rotting behind a desk . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 16 . ford ( cont 'd ) for once I would like to be there when one of this bugger hit . you be not go to tell I I can not go , Colonel , be you ? gillespie no , sir . ford good . I feel want , now . ( beat ) I get airsick in the back . I will be up with the pilot . as they watch he move forward and out of sight : gillespie gillespie gillespie int . cockp the Pilot , izzy the guy would not know a virus from a barbie doll . I be not lookin ' after he . he 's yours . gillespie bullshit . izzy all of a sudden , play golf and pushin ' papers be not good enough . damn , when I be he age , that 's all I be gonna want to do . flip a coin , cover it over he wrist . izzy head . no! tail . lift he hand and smile . izzy fuck ! grab the phone to the cockpit . gillespie ( into phone ) rafferty , rock and roll with this bird . it captain rafferty , check General Ford , nestle in safely behind he . rafferty ( into headmike ) T minus sixty second . 17 . down below gillespie pull a lever and the hatch start to close . izzy wait ! Mike follow he eye out to the -- tarmac where a black man carry a duffel bag be sprinting toward they at incredible speed , like a ghost through the pelting rain . berman swing the lever down and the hatch start to open but the man do not wait for it to lower completely . without break stride , he leap the four foot onto the plane and slide to a stop right in front of gillespie . he steady himself and salute : salt ( black man ) Captain walter Salt report , sir . izzy smile . he look at gillespie , who be impressed but will not show it . salt I be sorry to be late , sir . I be wrapping up some test in my lab -- gillespie -- strap in . the huge jet engine come to life . gillespie , berman , and Salt strap themselves into the row of jump seat along the fuselage . issy be fill with the excitement of a young kid who can not believe he luck : izzy you be not the football player from West Point , that Salt ? salt the same , sir . izzy I think you have the heisman sew up ' till you hurt you knee . ( continued ) continued : the plane 18 . salt you and my mother , Major ... I be never that good . but thank you for say so , sir . izzy do not call I sir . the only one who do that be the Colonel here . everyone else call I izzy . salt izzy , sir ? izzy my mother call I Isaac , but I hate it . I pitch for my high school team . my dad think I be gonna be another dizzy Dean . so he call I ' izzy . ' salt yes , sir , izzy , sir . surge forward and taxi down the runway . gillespie I want to know just one thing . can you read electron micrograph as well as you can run ? salt I be not sure how to assess the question -- izzy -- just say ' yes , sir , ' Captain . whatever the Colonel ask , you just say ' yes , sir . ' that 's how we keep he under control . gillespie have you ever see filovirus infection in a human be ? salt no , sir . gillespie it 's about as pretty as goin ' naked up the middle against the Dallas Cowboys . ( continued ) continued : salt 19 . I grow up on the South side of Chicago , sir . whatever it i I can handle it . gillespie ss , I hope so , because if you can not , you will make a mistake . you ' be hold a needle and it 'l il 1 slip . or you glove will have a crack in it and you will not notice . you work with filoviruse , it 's like work with plutonium . a single drop of blood can hold six billion ... that 's more filoviruse than there be people in the world . you get a sin one of that inside you , you infect . say you be lucky it 's one of the few filoviru we have antiserum for . then gle nre and ses we can treat you and you will probably live . but say you be unlucky . and you get one of that filoviruse we do not have a antiserum for , which be most of they . there 's no medicine , no cure , nothing we can do to help you . you body get so hot , liver , you kidney , all you vital organ melt , and you turn into tapioca pudding . stun silence . izzy ( smile ) he mean chocolate pudding . Salt smile slowly . he like izzy . the wheel come up with a thump . the and rattles and soar into the air . two U.S. army huey helicopter - day fly low over the rain forest . the gillespie and he crew , the second be escort . they pass over the wide motab snake for mile . you skin giant jet shake SHOCK CUT to : first carry a gunship fly a River that ( continued ) 20 . continued : on the river : a Zairean Army patrol boat cruise down - stream , look for guerrilla . the machine gunner swivel he cannon around at the two chopper . the machine gunner look up at the U.S. Army insignia and wave . int . back of chopper izzy slip the clear helmet over General Ford 's head . pull back to reveal : the General cover from head to toe in bl - 4 bio - safety suit . Salt , dress the same , look on , amused . ford ( panic ) how do you breath in here ? izzy ( laugh ) with a respirator . positive pressure 's what you want . keep that bugger out . izzy flip the switch on Ford 's respirator , which suck air out of the atmosphere , filter it , and pump it into the suit . Ford start to swell up like the pillsbury doughboy . ford and I think it be a hassle wearin ' a tie all day . int . front of chopper - a little later gillespie , now suite up in full biosafety gear , but hold he helmet in he hand , sit beside the chopper pilot . in the distance , we see a village in which numerous hut be burn . gillespie we get a lot of equipment . you be gonna have to get we in close . pilot I ... I do not want to get no disease , sir . gillespie then do not kiss I , sergeant . cut to : 21 . chopper throw up a storm of dust as they sweep down to the ground on the perimeter of the village . int . chopper gillespie , Salt , berman and Ford stand by the door , ready to get out as soon as the chopper put down . gillespie have to shout at Salt over the sound of the whirling chopper blade : gillespie Captain Salt , if you fail to observe strict decontamination protocol , three thing can happen . first , you can be court-martialed . second , you can die from this horrible disease . third , and worst of all , you can incur my displeasure . you get it ? salt yes , sir . gillespie if one of we get sick , we all get sick . ( turn to Ford ) and I do not come here to die . burning hut - wide angle shot juxtapose against the U.S. Army chopper disgorge the U.S. Army infectious Disease team -- blue space - suite figure with the U.S. flag emblazon on they arm and helmet . the ju-ju man remain high on the cliff above the village , chant and wail , burn a offer to the god . the U.S. Army team approach the village through the smoky haze , and we see -- two different world juxtapose -- man in spacesuit and a man in a loincloth . gillespie , follow by berman , Salt and Ford , move across the village which now look devastate and desert except for a few remain hut and a small cinder block building with a old volkswagen van , mark with a red cross , park out front . ( continued ) 22 . continued : Ford walk slower take everything in , appal at what he see . the U.S. Army team enter the cinder block hut . int . cinder block hut a short , slender , bespectacle black man in he late forty -- dr . iwabi -- head of the Zaire infectious Disease heath Agency -- and he nurse , protect only by a smock , a surgical mask , and glove , give comfort to a young woman who 's die . gillespie Doctor iwabi ? I bring blood , plasma -- dr . iwabi -- you be too late . gillespie I come as soon as I could . dr . iwabi it would not have matter when you come . this one be different -- worse than lassa , worse even than ebola . it strike and kill so fast . the young , the healthy , everybody . gillespie who be the index case ? dr . iwabi a road construction worker . izzy how do he get it ? dr . iwabi we do not know . he die three day ago . Salt move ahead to the next bed and pull aside the thin mosquito curtain to inspect the patient . Ford be right behind he . salt God ... ( continued ) 23 . continued : the corpse 's eye be yellow and he flesh , speckle with hemmorrhages , look like pulp . blood ooze from he nose and he nipple . Ford turn away in horror . salt ( retch ) I be gonna be sick . he start to rip off he mask . gillespie grab he arm . gillespie keep you helmet on , goddamit ! salt I can not breath . Salt vomit in he helmet . rip it off . he rush out . izzy move after he . gillespie put he in quarantine . now ! dr . iwabi you do not need to . gillespie why ? dr . iwabi it 's not spread in the air . gillespie how do you know ? dr . iwabi ( pull down he mask ) there 's no cough . or we would all be dead . for day we have be work with only this mask . they can not keep out a particle as small as a virus . gillespie could any infect person have get out of this village and spread it ? dr . iwabi the incubation period be only one or two day . the mortality be one hundred percent . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 . continued : dr . iwabi ( cont 'd ) if anyone get out , they be dead , or will be soon . and if they have spread the disease , we will know rather quickly . gillespie find the host be the only way to control the spread . we only hope be that this be like most viruse and that it have to live in a host , a animal , to which it 's adapt over thousand of year . and that animal host have develop antibody to protect itself against the virus . if we can identify that animal host , and harvest its antibody , we can use they to fight the disease in human . dr . iwabi there be a hundred thousand species of animal and insect in this rain forest . the construction worker could have be in contact with any one of they . where do I start ? gillepsie General , tell he that we government will help with money , personnel supplies , whatever it take . Ford hesitates . ford of course , we will do whatever we can . cut to : ext . over motaba river valley - dawn in a single - framed time lapse shot , dawn arrive in the motaba Valley . fade up the hundred of sound of the rain forest animal . there be something primeval about this vista ; this surely must be what the Garden of eden look like , except for the ... ( continued ) 25 . continued : plume of black smoke which waft up from the blacken , smolder hut , each one the home of someone who have now die from this terrible virus . two African orderly carry a stretcher bear the dead body of a villager . they slide it onto a funeral pyre already burn with body . gillespie , Ford and Dr. iwabi make they way to the chopper where berman and Salt be load into the hold plexiglass case of blood sample . on cliff overhead the ju- ju man chant . he seem to float above the funeral pyre like a mirage . gillespie what 's he say ? dr . iwabi he 's ask for forgiveness from the god of the forest . they be angry because they have be awoken from they sleep by the man building the road . this death be they punishment . ford why be not he sick ? dr . iwabi he stay in he cave all week and greet he visitor with poison dart . gillepsie ( a sense of forebode ) it be as if ... as if he know what be come . cut to : int . c5a cockpit head home . Ford read a hand - write paper gillespie 's just hand he and get irate . ( continued ) continued : gillespie ' 26 . ford a memo to the cdc to issue a warning to every physician in the United States to be on the look - out for this disease ? what the hell be this ? gillespie a safeguard , sir . ford be you nut ? within a week we will know if this thing burn itself out in that village , just like iwabi say -- gillespie -- and if iwabi 's wrong ? american doctor should be warn so case can be quarantine . Sir , this one be different -- ford -- you be a smart guy , gillespie , but you can not write a memo to the cdc which say the sky be fall . gillespie ( sharply ) we should do nothing ? ford do I say that , Colonel ? ( beat ) we will monitor the situation in Africa , and if this virus reappear , we will act with all we resource , not just to protect the american people but the people of the world . you will destroy this memo . that 's a order . 's frustrated . gillespie yes , sir . smash CUT to : national airport ( WASHINGTON ) - delta gate - day robby be move forward in the board line , and Mike be walk be side she . ( continued ) 27 . continued : robby you ask for four day and four day it be ... last night . gillespie it be a bad virus ... cut I some slack . robby I cut you ten year of slack . I be not give you the dog . gillespie stop joke . where be they ? robby I ship they this morning . gillespie you do not . on she face : a triumphant smile . robby it 's better for they . and for you . I will be there to feed they and take care of they . you will not have to feel guilty . she move past the gate . gillespie 's stick behind it . scream after she : gillespie I be come to Atlanta ... I be takin ' ‘em back . robby dream on . hold on gillespie 's dismay as she disappear . cut to : int . MAIN corridor of m.i.d.u. Mike walk briskly down the main corridor . two m - 16 tote security guard salute as he pass by . he reach six - inch thick metal door , close tight . he slide he id card into the optical reader . ( continued ) 28 . continued : the computer screen above it print out the word , " Colonel Michael gillespie . " a digitize voice boom from the wall speaker : wall speaker ( v.o. ) how-are-you-today-doctor -gillespie ? gillespie piss ass good . and you ? on computer screen we see gillespie 's voice print . the door spring open . cut to : int . elevator gillespie go up in the elevator past the four floor of glass - in laboratory . at the first level , worker wear civilian clothes . at the second level , they wear respir - ator . at the third level , they wear body suit , and at the fourth level they wear biosafety suit . cut to : int . m.i.d.u . - SMALL locker room outside bl -4 lab - steadi - cam shot Mike and izzy strip off they clothes . izzy admit it , for chrissake : the dog will get better care with she than they get with you . gillespie that really cheer I up . izzy you think cause we be friend I should ignore reality . gillespie I think cause we be friend you might show some tact . ( continued ) 29 . continued : izzy you be go so often that when you be home ... you spoiled ‘em . robby keep a even keel . gillespie hey , she 's available ... izzy do not think I have not think about it . gillespie you be just what she 's look for . Mr. stability . Three wife in five year . izzy two . I never marry sherry . I like she too much ... izzy pull a red air hose down from the ceiling and in - flate he space suit before he put it on ; this be stan - dard safety procedure . Mike step right into he suit . izzy what be you do ? gillespie what ? izzy you forget to test you suit . look ! it 's tear . there be a small tear on the leave leg of gillespie 's suit . they both realize gillespie 's mistake could have cost he he life . izzy ( beam ) if I let you die , who have I get to rag on ? fade up the sound of furiously rushing AIR , then : CUT to : int . ft. detrick military infectuous disease unit ( m.i.d.u . ) - bl -4 lab - AIR lock gillespie and berman , dress in they bl - 3 suit , stand in the air lock . ( continued ) 30 . continued : there 's no sound other than the filter AIR rushing from a wall jet into the long red tub attach to the back of they helmet . this red tube be call umbilical cord . gillespie disconnect he , punch the wall plate and enter ... MAIN room of lab quickly he connect to another umbilical cord ; they hang from the ceiling at ten foot interval . pavarotti and sutherland sing the duet from " Lucia de lamamoore " blast from the speaker . whenever gillespie 's in the lab , he 's listen to opera . he approach ... the space - suite figure work under the hood . the figure turn and smile ; it 's Salt . gillespie 's surprised . Salt salute . salt good afternoon , Colonel , sir . gillespie I think you be do you thesis at walter reede . salt a lot 's be publish on herpes B but nothing on this new virus . gillespie so you be hope to change subject and get you name on my research papers ? izzy we research papers . salt I would do my share of the work , sir . more . izzy and you would not have to worry about anybody publishing the same thing cause there be not nobody else crazy enough to work with this dangerous a virus . Salt hesitates , then beam . ( continued ) 31 . continued : salt yes , sir ! have you give the virus a name , sir ? gillespie motaba ... after the valley where we find it . salt I like it , sir . izzy like it ? listen to the way it roll off you tongue . mo-ta-ba . like a perfume . he lift up a vial label motaba and put it close to he body as if he 's put on perfume . Salt watch with horror . in spite of they bl - 4 suit , you just do not play with this thing . Salt check gillespie , expect the same reaction , but ... gillespie 's enjoy the moment . he expect this thing from berman . izzy rub the vial against he chest , savore the experience . izzy one drop and you feel ... so different ... you lover will never recognize you again . ( shove the vial at Salt ) have some , Captain . izzy toss the vial of motaba to wally , who , terrify , do not know whether to catch it or not . but he do . izzy good hand ... that 's important for work with level 4 viruse . Salt , tremble , note that the vial be make of plastic . salt this plastic be unbreakable , right ? izzy so far . ( continued ) 32 . continued : a short , husky space - suite figure push a cart of test - tube round the corner . the name owigatsuyama be embla - zone above he breast , sergeant Major stripe on he arm . through he visor we see the face of a japanese - american man in he early 60' with a warm friendly grin . we will know he as owi . owi ( space - suite figure ) ( salute gillespie ) sir. ( gesture to Salt ) he 's here early . no coffee break . gillespie should we let this guy horn in on we new virus , owi ? owi hesitates . owl I do not think so . gillespie well , that 's that . Salt nervously eye izzy : " be this a joke ? " izzy Captain , sergeant owigatsuyama here not only look after everything in this lab , but since he know the birthday of every great tenor and soprano who ever live , Dr. gillespie look to he for supreme guidance on all matter . salt just a minute ! I could have change the radio to jazz . I love jazz . but I do not . whaddya haveta do to get on here ? gillespie get I a blood test for the motaba virus . salt with a pcr catalyst I should be able to have a crude -- and I underscore crude -- screen test in a few week . ( continued ) 33 . continued : izzy excellent . but nobody 's ask you to work a hundred and fifty hour a week ... gillespie a hundred and twenty will be plenty . izzy welcome aboard , Captain . cut to : int . ford' office - later that night Ford feed fly to the gila monster . he look out the office window at the bl - 4 lab where Salt be work late . Ford move on to the frog cage and feed they too . he look back at the bl - 4 lab : see Salt exite . the light go out . cut to : int . ford' office - moment later Ford watch the bank of video monitor behind he desk : one show Salt in the parking lot , get into he old fiat and leave . cut to : int . bl-4 locker room Ford , naked , slip on he suit with the ease of Joe Montana pull on he helmet . he buckle the suit with - out even look , as if he 's do it five thousand time . fade up the sound of rushing AIR and ... cut to : gillespie' bl -4 lab Ford step out of the air lock , disconnect he red hose and reconnect . he move quickly across the room . sud - denly , he air tube snag on the side of the lab bench . Ford stop , freak . quickly check he hose . indent , but not break . he breathes again . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ford the world be round , gillespie . do not anybody fuck teach you ? he grab a metal file off the tool board and file down the side of the bench until it 's perfectly smooth and round . then move on to ... one of the huge circular freezer in the center of the lab . he punch in a seven-digit code on the keypad and the lock snap OPEN . he lift the heavy lid . vapor rush out . he look inside , see the 65 aluminum test tube label " motaba . " cut to : negative pressure hood - ford - minute later open one test tube after another , expertly withdraw from each only a tiny sample of the virus , then put it into a large test tube . suddenly -- the air lock open and three bl - 4 figure approach Ford . we recognize the tall lean figure although he 's 35 year older : mcclintock , now a Lieutenant General . Ford hand he the large test tube . ford tell the boy the Old man want the answer tonight . mcclintock yes , sir . mcclintock place the test tube into a clear plexiglass container which be contain within a large plexiglass container , each with its own combination lock . he twirl the tumbler . the lock SNAP into place . cut to : gila monster its eye darting back and forth , ever watchful , trust nothing . ext . balcony - ford' office - night Ford lean on the bannister oblivious to the gila monster beside he . he 's depressed and worried . in the distant sky , , trace of orange and pink announce the new day . from inside the office , a beep . Ford rush ... 35 . int . ford' office to he computer terminal . a message ratchet across the screen : " analysis finished " he punch a computer key and swivel around in he chair to see the huge video screen on the wall . it show two viral structure that look like DNA double helice . one be label " CD - 40 1960 ( motaba Valley ) " ; the other be label " motaba virus - gillespie - 1994 . " letter flash across the screen . Ford put on he horn -rimm glass and stare at the screen . he do not breathe . a long beat . ford you fucker , why could not you stay dead ? cut to : motaba river valley - day ( august 24 ) deep in the rain forest , a trapper wheel a cage contain - ing a baboon to a clear where other trapper and government Health worker have lunch . scatter around they be cage fill with other animal they have catch for motaba virus testing . the drone of approach plane build . the animal hear it first and grow restless . the Army troops guard the worker scan the sky but can not see the plane because of the treetop . they scream into they walkie-talky . on the river , the Machine gunner on the Army patrol - Boat , hear they report and swivel he cannon around , scan - ning the sky . but he can not see the plane either . the drone become deafening . suddenly : over the treetop , three camouflage - paint DC - 3 gunship emerge , cannon firing right on target . the patrol Boat explode into a shower of splinter . the dc-3 gunship turn and arc high into the sky . on the ground the soldier sight the plane . they OPEN FIRE but the plane be out of range . the ju-ju man come out of he cave and watch the plane circle back and release a waxy grey cloud . the ju-ju mmn raise he arm defiantly . he bare he tooth and scream , and he cry fuse with : ( continued ) continued : 36 . exploding napalm . the plane press on relentlessly , extend the fireball mile after mile , extinguish all life . cut to : int . ford' office - short time later gillespie burst in . Ford look up from he desk . gillespie the rebel hit iwabi 's camp . ford I know . he swivel around in he chair to the world map on ford they hit kisangani , bukavu , and mbandaka as well . Three hundred thousand acre of forest burn , at least thirty - seven dead . I be try to find out about iwabi . gillespie he 's all right , thank God . he be in kinshasha at he clinic but he entire field staff be kill . his whole lab destroy . ford terrible . gillespie I want to continue work on motaba , sir . ford look , as a scientist , I appreciate the fact that this one fascinate you -- gillespie -- it scare the shit out of I , sir . ford Colonel , the Pentagon 's bite my ass cause we be month behind on the Anthrax study . get them finish . take the heat off I . ( more ) the wall . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ford ( cont 'd ) then you can fiddle with motaba as much as you like . gillespie Sir , if this virus come to America -- ford -- then it would be outside we mandate . the cdc take care of civilian problem . Christ , now you have even get I buy into you paranoia . we can not protect everybody against everything . we have get to make decision base on the odd , and the odd of motaba cause we any more trouble be a billion to one . int . bl -4 lab gillespie , Salt and izzy search through the round freezer . izzy every sample of motaba go ... where the fuck do he put it ? owi look contrite . owl General Ford order I to move all tube to the seal vault in a wing ... only he have access . he say you be not gonna need it for month . gillespie and he man be despondent . gillespie that be the only sample in the world of motaba , iwabi lose all he in the fire . ( to owi ) there 's get to be a way to get that access code from Ford 's computer . owl Sir , I do not want any more trouble . ( more ) ( continued ) 38 . continued : owi ( cont 'd ) it 's bad enough that I already make one mistake and forget to transfer one of the tube of motaba . I seem to have mix it up with a tube of common cold virus . if I give you the tube , I be sure you will fix my mistake , sir . he reach into he pocket and pull out a gleam aluminium test tube with the word " motaba # 48 " write on the side . gillespie I love it when you make mistake , owi . owl how do you know ? I never make one before now . hold on they grin , fade up the sound of furiously rushing wind and : cut to : ext . pacific seas a dutch freighter plow through the heavy seas . computer keys pound : " the dutch freighter apeldorn . august 29 . " int . freighter in a cramped dark hold , betsy stare sadly through the bar of she cage at she captor , seaman second CLASS dieter jan , 21 - year - old and make he first trip . seaman jan ( in dutch ) what 's the matter , girl ? dieter push a banana through the bar of the cage , and betsy snatch it . then she retreat with it to the far corner of the cage and study seaman jan with plaintive eye . pull back to show the ship head for the Golden Gate Bridge . smash CUT to : 39 . ext . dock ( san francisco ) - day betsy stare out from she cage as it swing down from ship to wharf . cut to : biotest animal holding facility ( san jose , california ) we're in a long aisle with monkey cage stack two high on both side . a translucent skylight give this place a greenhouse glow . a forklift putter down the aisle with betsy 's cage in front . betsy 's cage be lift up and place into a slot . betsy stand out from all the other monkey because she be the only black and white colobos -- the other monkey be all brown rhesus . betsy 's cage slide into place . betsy shriek at the man in the forklift . jimbo scott , 23 - year - young , long , scraggly hair , a aspire rock and roll drummer work here to make end meet . jimbo 's beeper sound . he check the message , then look puzzle . cut to : ext . biotest guard gate - night jimbo 's red Nissan pull up to the exit lane of the guard gate . the guard lean over . guard hey , jimbo , I see you band last night . hot ! I do not know you be such a good drummer , man . jimbo wait will I get my new trap . the world will never be the same . the Guard raise the gate and jimbo drive forward . cut to : side of dark road jimbo open the trunk to reveal betsy , drugge , asleep in she cage . jimbo slide betsy 's cage out of the trunk and place it in the back seat . cut to : 40 . interstate five ( oregon ) - day jimbo speed along in he red Nissan . int . red nissan in she cage in the back seat , betsy move back and forth restlessly , a baby bottle of water in she hand . jimbo Cars put baby to sleep , why not you ? betsy take a mouthful of water and spit it on jimbo . his reaction be instant rage . he slam the cage : jimbo you stupid fuck monkey ! why 'dya wanna go and do that ? he shove the cage further away . then he see it - a small cut on he hand , cause by a couple of wire pro- trusion on the cage . he rub the blood off on he shirt . the Nissan roar down the road . cut to : extreme closeup - tissue culture - through electron microscope a normal cell . salt ( 0.s. ) a normal healthy liver cell . the image change . salt ( 0.s. ) infect cell . the infect cell be swollen and fill with black brick - like structure . salt ( 0.s. ) brick of virus . they multiply until ... the image change : the brick have completely overrun the cell , shatter its outer membrane so that brick run rampant inside and outside the cell . ( continued ) 41 . continued : salt ( 0.s. ) they explode the cell and destroy it . then they move on to the next healthy cell . and the next . ' til there 's nothing leave to kill . int . bl -4 lab - m.i.d.u. gillespie , berman , and Salt , dress in they biosafety suit , peer at the video monitor hook up to the electron microscope . Salt flick a switch on the console to change the magnification . the fuzzy brick -like structure be computer enhance and enlarge to razor - sharp crystal - line structure that look like huge ominous steel ball climb up the side of thick pillar . izzy there 's we guy , Mr. motaba . gillespie Ugly bastard , be not he ? salt I would not let he date my sister . cut to : extreme closeup - microscope field as the image come into focus we see a wavy purple out - line of a cell . salt ( 0.s. ) the blood test . normal be this -- pure purple . but if you be infect ... focus change and another image fill the screen : the field be fill with wide patch of red circle . gillespie and berman each peer into the scope . gillespie if you be red , you be dead . be that what you be tell I ? salt that 's right , Colonel . the virus do not know the cold War be over . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . continued : salt ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but the rest be just a quickie ; I have not have time to refine it . there be false negative , purple that should be red . I do not know why yet . gillespie how long to fix it ? salt hard to say . gillespie how long ? izzy hey , do not pressure the kid ! it take the nih guy eight month to get the kink outa the aids test ... and they do not have to put up with you nag . smash CUT to : int . SMALL animal testing room - traveling shot gillespie , berman and Salt move rapidly through the room within the bl - 4 lab . izzy this bug definitely eat its wheaty . angle on fourteen cage each contain three or four different small mammal -- rat , guinea pig , small lab mouse , hamster , and rabbit . all stone dead . izzy it survive in air for twelve hour , and it survive in water for two hour . gillespie ( incredulous ) bullshit . ( continued ) continued : izzy hey , this little bugger 's so hardy it can read the whole Sunday NY Times and not die , it can run the hundred in nine flat , and it can kill fish faster than my cat . voila ! 43 . a fish tank with a dozen dead fish float on top . izzy no test species have survive , even when I have treat they with all antiviral , include every damn antiserum . what 's even worse be there 's a latency phase . iwabi do not see this in Zaire , I do not know why , but some of the animal I have test have the infection a long time before they show any symptom . they even test negative but have the disease . if this be true of human ... why we could have it ourselves and not know it . salt yet be spread it . izzy exactly . salt Holy shit . int . rudy's pet shop ( bonneville , oregon ) - day computer keys pound : " bonneville , oregon ... friday , august 31 . " jimbo slide a cage contain betsy into a space beside a cage contain a male brown rhesus monkey . the bar of he cage and hiss . he grab betsy cower . rudy alvarez , the owner of the shop , slip on a pair of glove and open the cage , reach in for betsy . she try to avoid he grasp . rudy you get the papers and all ? ( continued ) 44 , continued : jimbo yeah , sure ... I get the papers . she 's legal . rudy whaddya mean ' she ' ? betsy take advantage of the open and bolt out of the cage , head for the window . as rudy and jimbo both chase after she , rudy be steaming . rudy I tell you a male . jimbo you say ' she ' . rudy bullshit ! I say 'he ' . the customer 's already get a female colobos . he want to breed ‘em . betsy slam against the glass . rudy grab she . rudy c'mon , baby ... c' mon . she lash out at he naked forearm , digging she nail into he , draw blood . he yelp and let go , and she run away to the other side of the room , pass the brown rhesus , who eye a half - eat banana in betsy 's cage . he grab it and scarf it down . jimbo finally grab betsy from behind . rudy grab she from the front and they thrust she back into she cage . rudy wipe the blood off he arm . rudy get this bitch outa here . jimbo what about my money ? rudy go back and get I a male colobos . jimbo we be not get one . this be the only colobos we have ... look , I will sell she cheap . rudy I would not take she for free . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : rudy ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the Brown rhesus ) I can not even sell this one . jimbo ( depressed ) hey , I need some money now , man . rudy hesitates . jimbo I do you a lot of favor . rudy pull out a billfold . rudy all right ... fifty buck for you expense . a lot more when you bring I a male . jimbo what be I go to do with she ? rudy shrug . cut to : SMALL road deep in forest - later that day jimbo open the cage which be sit on the side of the road by the Nissan , but betsy shrink back in a corner of the cage . jimbo feel sorry for she . jimbo look at all the tree . it 's like home . jimbo jab she lightly with a drumstick . she run out of the cage but stop at the edge of the road , afraid of the forest she do not know . jimbo ( flick pebble at she ) c'mon , get . get ! she scamper off into the forest . jimbo follow she with he eye , a little sadden . cut to : 46 . int . 757 cabin jimbo Scott be asleep against the window in the back row of the plane . billy boy ( 0.s. ) bang , bang ! you be dead . jimbo bolt up , and look groggily at the four- year - old boy stand on the next seat : he 's dress in a cowboy 's outfit with a huge sheriff 's star pin to he chest . he sneeze right in jimbo 's face . his mother put down she cosmo . billy boy' mother billy !? say you be sorry . ( to jimbo ) he 's so excited ; he 's go to see he cousin . billy boy my uncle 's a real cowboy at a rodeo . jimbo look terrible . his eye be red and he 's have trouble swallow . he grab he pillow and blanket and get up . billy jab he six gun into jimbo 's belly : billy boy where d' you think you be goin ' , mister ? jimbo someplace they do not have lawmen . he go to the back of the plane where 's it 's desert , and lie down across three seat . his body shake with a chill . he pull the blanket tight against he chest . cut to : ext . logan airport ( boston ) - day computer keys pound : logan airport , boston , saturday , september 1 . the 757 glide almost silently over Boston Harbor as it sweep in towards Logan Airport . 47 . logan airport - gate jimbo lumber out and be greet by a young woman with long scraggly hair who wear blue jeans and a old , fade T-shirt that say " metallica . " her name be alice , and she put she arm around jimbo and hug he . alice what 'sa matter , honey ? jimbo some little brat give I he cold . she plant a kiss on he and pat he ass . alice too many late night , that 's all . come home to bed . jimbo smile and pull she close . cut to : ext . mountain forest - night betsy 's eye glow in the moonlight . she look hungry and sad . she hear the shriek of a hawk and freeze . this be foreign sound . she move stealthily across the forest floor . cut to : mountain forest - later that night a patch of wild blackberry grow in a thicket . betsy begin eat they ravenously . then she hear something and turn to see -- a coyote poise to leap . betsy race up a pine tree . her Pov the coyote bark below . he 's join by he mate . the coyote settle in for a long , hungry wait . betsy be terrify . cut to : 48 . mountain forest - following morning betsy , still high up in the pine tree , look down on -- the coyote , still wait . one of they prick up he ear and growls . suddenly a shot ring out , and the coyote bolt . in the distance a hunter take aim and fire again . betsy cower behind the tree , hide herself from this new danger . the hunter run under betsy 's tree , rifle in hand , cursing to himself , hell bent on kill the coyote . close on betsy in tree she wait as two more shot ring out in the distance , then slowly climb down . int . dr . drew reynold ' office - day computer keys pound : " office of the director , CENTER for disease control ( cdc ) , atlanta , september 1 . " dr . drew reynold , 55 , dress in a doctor 's coat , pace in front of a bookcase fill with medical tome and top by tennis trophy . reynold have a rest - less energy ; he squeeze a tennis ball as he listen to robby , sit in a chair across from he desk , with a folder of fax papers in she papers . she 's clearly intimidate by he , which be he intend effect on everyone . robby Dr. gillespie want we to send out a special bulletin warning all physician to watch out for any symptom of a virus from Zaire name ' motaba . ' he think it 's serious enough to warrant emergency report nationwide , that it can not wait for we regular monthly report . drew reynold which will be release next week , correct ? robby Wednesday . ( continued ) continued : 49 . drew reynold to get out a special bulletin for four hundred thousand health professional be about a hundred and fifty thousand dollar . robby Dr. gillespie say it 's the worst virus he 's ever study -- drew reynold -- forgive I , robby , but this be the guy who find three case of congo fever in nairobi in ' 87 , and suddenly it 's in every american kid 's lunch box -- robby -- you be not be fair -- drew reynold in ' 91 he say tsutsugamushi fever be come . in ' 92 it be ebola . his panic cost we plenty . around here he 's know as Doctor doom . robby he could have be right about any of they . rule out the worst first ... that 's what my father always teach . drew reynold you father be one of the great surgeon Generals this country ever have . he take I under he wing and let I fly . I have always be grateful . and I have always have a special feel for you , robby . the ... pain it give he to see you work under gillespie ... all you promise ... the man never give you a chance to show it . a long silence . Drew have hit home . drew reynold look , be there a shred of evidence that motaba be more transmissible than the other filoviruse we have see in the past ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : robby no. drew reynold then as long as the bulletin go out next week , we be cover . CUT to : int . elevator ( descending ) - robby alone , very depressed , lean against the wall . we sense , if somebody walk in and say hello , she would cry . the door open into she floor and she get out , not make eye contact with anyone . she enter ... her expansive office her young assistant , dr . julio sanchez and dr . lisa aronson , fax in hand , join she from they neighbor office . lisa aronson a e-coli outbreak in Michigan at a couple of ronny 's steakhouse franchise . julio sanchez and -- a couple of fever of unknown origin at Boston Municipal that the infectious disease doc can not figure out . that 's all we have get on the log . robby ( jest ) the Boston case be not some guy out of Zaire ... with motaba , be it ? lisa aronson ( laugh ) yeah , right ! Nah , it 's a couple of Americans . no unusual travel . julio sanchez they have probably get some atypical strain of lyme and the Boston doctor have just miss the boat . robby then let 's see if we can throw they a lifeline . 51 . int . rudy's pet shop ( bonneville , oregon ) close on rudy - day he do not look good , he face be flushed and sweaty , he eye glassy . he turn the " close " sign around to " open " and unlock the door for a elderly lady , mrs . foote , stand impatiently outside with she fat Persian cat in she arm . the bell tinkles as the door open and she enter . mrs . foote rorshie do not like the shred veal wafer . I ask she and she say , ' can we change it for the beef chip ? ' he 's not up for this today . mrs . foote be you okay , rudy ? rudy I be fine , Mrs. foote ... it 's hot . that 's all . lemme open a win -- suddenly he face twitches , he body stiffen , he eye roll back and he fall to the floor , convulse violently . Mrs. foote scream . cut to : int . bonneville general hospital - emergency room computer keys pounding : " emergency room , bonneville general hospital - september 1 , 08:50 . " dr . mascelli , 43 , a local g.p. auscultate rudy 's chest with he stethoscope . a nurse , emma , start a iv . a second nurse , Jim , put a oxygen mask over rudy 's face . the lab tech , henry , 23 , very serious , wrap a tourniquet around rudy 's arm and draw some blood into three color tube . dr . mascelli c'mon , rudy , talk to I ! no response . Dr. mascelli rub he knuckle into rudy 's chest . rudy groan . emma they say he be fine yesterday . ( continued ) 52 . continued : dr . mascelli ( rattle ) and now he 's in shock with pneumonia . ( to Henry ) get I some blood culture . Henry nod as he fill a lavendar- top tube with rudy 's blood . dr . mascelli I have be read about real bad strep case . I bet this be one of ‘em . Emma , do not leave he alone . his heart could stop any minute . cut to : lab - close on lavender - topped tube - minute later spin in a centrifuge . Henry turn it off . in the b.g. , the radio blare with the mariner -- angel game : baseball radio announcer ( v.o. ) Johnson 's ready ... check the runner ... salmon be wait . Johnson deliver . ( a loud crack ) that ball be hit . deep ... deep ... it 's go . the angel win ! henry damn ! without think he reach into the centrifuge , but it 's still spin . the lavendar tube shatter , spraying rudy 's blood everywhere . Henry squint . he 's get blood in he eye . he rush to the sink and wash it out . cut to : emergency room office - minute later Dr. mascelli try to calm Henry . ( continued ) 53 . continued : dr . mascelli you wash it out . do not worry . but just in case , I will put you on some penicillin prophylactically . henry I would not want to give it to my girl friend . dr . mascelli ( nudging Henry ) cheer up , the penicillin' 1ll kill that , too . Henry manage a smile . cut to : int . victoria STREET theatre computer keys pounding : " victoria STREET theatre , bonneville , oregon - september 1 , 20:25 pdt . " Henry sit with he girl friend , corinne , watch a show of the Warner - kopelson blockbuster , thief of araby . Henry start to cough violently , then stand up . corrine honey , what 's wrong ? he 's sweaty and pale . henry nothin ' . just thirsty ... lemme get something to drink and I will be okay . Henry head up the aisle in the darken theatre . int . theatre lobby - concession counter Henry hit the concession stand line just as it 's fill up before another movie in this multiplex . he 's still cough . he cover he mouth as he cough again and again . ( continued ) 54 . continued : Movie patron , child and adult , on all side of he be expose to he " cold . " hold on each of they face for a second as Henry push he way to the front of the line and grab a handful of napkin . henry could I please get something to drink ? tracy , the salesgirl with a spike haircut regards he with a hostile glance . tracy you will have to wait you turn , sir . henry please -- I be not feel too good . a large Coke . or pepsi . I do not care . at the front of the line , a black woman ( mrs . logan ) with a streak of purple in she hair hold she toddler in she arm . she see that Henry be ill . mrs . logan that 's okay , let he go first . Henry , cough violently , slap down three dollar . Tracy serve he . int . darkened theatre Henry walk down the aisle with he drink in hand . he stumble and fall forward , spilling the drink all over a movie patron sit on the aisle . movie patron hey ?! watch what you be ... when he see Henry sprawle face down on the carpet , he 's scared . he touch Henry 's back : movie patron hey , buddy ...? usher !! usher !! SHOCK CUT to : int . boston municipal hospital computer keys pound : " boston municipal hospital . " ( continued ) 55 . continued : Dr. julio sanchez from the cdc and three other doctor , dress in full surgical smock , cap , foot cover , and glove , stride briskly down the hall and approach double - door mark " quarantine : protective clothing required " in red letter . they put on positive pressure respirator face mask and we hear the sound of rushing AIR . they push through the double - door . int . quarantine ward jimbo lie near death in one bed , and he girl friend -- Alice lie near death in another . plastic drape have be place over both bed , hold the air inside . close on jimbo the scarlet hemorrhagic rash can be see on he cheek . blood trickle from he nose and he mouth , and soak he sheet . Dr. sanchez be shocked at how far go jimbo be . julio sanchez ( loudly ) mister Scott -- jimbo ... we be try to figure out how you get this disease . it 's important , so try to help I . you work at a animal facility in San Jose -- jimbo 's eye be blank . he 's dead . boston doctor # 1 what 's this guy get ? julio sanchez I do not know . that 's why we will need a post . boston doctor # 2 no way . I be not gonna slip and cut myself and get what he 's get . boston doctor # 1 I neither . suddenly from under she plastic protective shield , Alice stare over at jimbo 's bed . she call out , she voice a whisper : ( continued ) 56 . continued : alice jimbo -- jimbo ? honey , be you all right ...? answer I , please . Alice have just speak she last word . fade up the whir of a suction pump and ... cut to : int . boston municipal hospital —- pathology lab Boston Doctor # 3 , in a biosafety suit , stare at jimbo 's naked body lie on the autopsy table . Dr. sanchez , also in a biosafety suit , stand opposite . julio sanchez go very carefully , very slowly . maximum sharp precaution . sweat drip off Boston Doctor # 3's face , fogging he visor . he start to make the first cut , but he hand be tremble too much . julio sanchez do not let you eye leave the blade . ever . and you will be okay . Doctor # 3 cut deep into jimbo 's rib but no matter how slowly he cut , the sharp edge of the scalpel seem too close to he finger . pull back to reveal they be do the autopsy in a plastic tent use negative pressure suction pump . as the pump whir ... CUT to : autopsy tent - later boston doctor # 3 Jesus -- the liver , spleen , kidney -- they have turn into jelly . CUT to : operating room nursing station julio sanchez ( into phone ) it 's as if they swallow a bomb and it go off inside they . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 . continued : julio sanchez ( cont 'd ) I do not know if it 's motaba but it sure look like what gillespie describe . intercut with : robby at she kitchen table . petrify . we see she 's be work late : she laptop 's on , papers be strewn about . robby ( into phone ) how many be expose ? julio sanchez too many . the medical staff do not know what they be deal with so they do not take precaution . they be scared outa they mind . julio gaze through the glass - in wall at the half - dozen pathology resident and nurse , peer at he with worried expression . he spin around in he chair so he do not have to see they . julio sanchez that 's just the beginning . patient zero -- this guy jimbo Scott -- work in a animal quarantine facility in San Jose , California . that 's probably where he pick it up . probably the whole place be infect by now and be gonna have to be nuke . ( beat ) it get worse . jimbo here take a goddamn plane from Portland to Boston . the plane stop in Chicago . two hundred and eight people on the first leg , and Christ , something like two hundred and fifty on the second ! if this guy be infectious , by now the whole country 's be expose . and gillispie say there 's no treatment for this mother , nothing to do but pronounce people dead . what be we suppose to do , robby ? Christ , what the hell be we suppose to do ? ( continued ) continued : 58 . robby ( coolly ) gillespie say motaba only spread by direct contact , that the disease be not airborne . be patient zero cough ? sanchez flip through Scott 's medical record . robby have julio sanchez I do not see anything about he cough . robby then the people on the plane be probably okay . but we be go to have to check every one of they out . plus all the medical staff who work on he and he girl friend . plus all they recent contact . julio sanchez -- that 's thousand of people -- robby -- I do not see a choice -- julio sanchez -- this whole hospital be buzzin ' with rumor ... it 's gonna hit the press real soon . what be we gonna tell they ? robby that the C.D.C. be investigate the situation , but we do not feel there 's reason for alarm . I know it 's scary , julio , but the truth be we do not know what it be yet . julio sanchez gillespie 's the only one who can tell we . mix emotion : the last person she want to involve be she ex-husband . robby send he everything by stat courier . julio sanchez get it . ( continued ) 59 . continued : he hang up . stay with robby : she mind racing . she punch in a speed - dial key . a operator answer : operator ( v.o. ) Center for Disease Control . robby this be Dr. keough . put out a stage three alert . operator ( v.o. ) you password , Doctor ? robby Zebra , Apple , charley , kill . cut to : war room of c.d.c ( 23:00 ) a want Drew reynold enter this large , frenetic room crowded with doctor and staff man the phone bank and fax machine that take up a entire wall . along another wall be a huge electronic map of the U.S. a red circle blink on Boston . reynold know that if motaba virus rip through America , he 's scapegoat number one . he make he way to -- robby at the large desk in the middle of the room . robby ( into phone ) great ! now get the list of all he friend in San Jose . I want to know every contact the last last five day . she hang up , turn to Lisa aronson , on the phone at the next desk . robby paitent Zero do not take a commercial plane to Portland . presumably he go by car . fax every emergency room in the Portland area a description of the disease . then hit every hospital along every freeway from San Jose to Portland . lisa aronson right . ( continued ) 60 . continued : Drew reyonld sit down at robby 's desk . suddenly he look much older . drew reynold we do not even have confirmation . this could all be for noth -- robby -- worst first . my father never make the same mistake twice . reynold be humble . cut to : int . bonneville general hosptial - intensive care unit corinne stand at Henry 's bedside . she 's get sick too : pale , sweat , start to cough , but she 's more worried about Henry , who 's barely conscious . dr . mascelli Henry , we get it early , and you be gonna make it . but I need you to fight . Henry stare at he with blank eye . corrine fight , Henry . fight hard . the overhead paging system goe off . paging operator ( v.o. ) Dr. mascelli , e.r. stat . Dr. mascelli , e.r. stat ... Dr. mascelli rush out . cut to : emergency room two paramedics wheel in Tracy , the Movie counter sale - — girl with the spike haircut . her father run alongside . tracy's father Doc , she get sick so fast . I think it be the flu , then she faint in the bathroom . she 's hot , Doc , so hot . hold on Dr. mascelli 's fear , then -- cut to : 61 . e.r. hallway - mascelli - minute later he 's search through a thick book on infectious disease . nurse Emma approach , near tear : emma what 's wrong with this people ? dr . mascelli I do not know . intercut emergency room - b.g. we see a roomful of people wait to check in , include Mrs. Logan ( the black woman with purple hair ) and she toddler . suddenly the toddler start cough and cough . his lip turn blue . mrs . logan ( scream ) my baby . my baby ! Dr. mascelli throw down the book and rush out , past -- the fax machine , spitting out a sheet of paper . the word at the top declare : " Center for Disease Control , Atlanta , emergency bulletin . " fade up the roar of a chopper and -- cut to : ft . detrick - heliport ( 23:50 ) as the bell chopper emblazon with the Boston Police logo hit ground , gillespie , berman , Salt and owi yank open the door and pull out the two shiny aluminum coffin . int . gillespie be bl -4 lab the aluminum coffin contain jimbo Scott and Alice still lie open . gillespie , berman , and owi anxiously watch Salt slip a slide under the scope and peer though the eyepiece . a long beat . he move carefully from one field to the next . izzy c'mon , for chrissake . Salt shift to another field , look at it long and hard . pull he head back : hopelessness in he eye . cut to : 62 . int . ford' office a fuzzy , bright fluorescent glow fill the screen . as the image come into focus , we see the ugly , large red circle of motaba . another angle a shake Bill Ford pull back from he scope . he try to project a air of calm : ford p.c.r. test be tricky . it 's easy to make a mistake -- gillespie -- yeah , I follow you order instead of my gut . he grab the phone and punch in a long distance number . gillespie I should have blast we African finding across every newspaper in the country . ( into phone ) robby . intercut c.d.c . war room - robby one person after another see she on the phone and real - ize what this be about . within second the room be si - leat . Drew reynold squeeze he tennis ball . robby 's shoulder sag with dismay . robby ( into phone ) you be sure ? reynold drop the ball . around the room : shock ; even though they all anticipate the positive result , nobody can quite believe it . gillespie ( into phone ) you need my help , robby . robby , flustered , do not answer . gillespie I know this virus , you do not . I have work this virus , you have not . how many people be infect ? ( continued ) 63 . continued : she 's afraid to tell he . gillespie how many ? robby we do not know . we have only get a whole emergency room full of people in bonneville , Oregon , and we do not know what they have get . gillespie ( dismay ) how could that many people get infect so fast ? robby we be not sure . gillespie robby , do not get anywhere near this thing . robby do not answer . gillespie you have be in a office for year . you have forget what this thing be like . robby I work with the a.i.d.s. virus . gillespie that 's level two , nothing ! this be level four . stay the fuck away , robby . on robby she be scared . back to scene gillespie please , robby . stay away . robby I need to be able to test a lot of people and quickly . I need the primer -- ( continued ) continued : she hang 64 . gillespie why have it always be so hard for you to admit that you need anything from I ? robby I do not have time to fight with you . I will have a courier pick up the primer at 01:00 . up without give he a chance to respond . gillespie robby ! hand tremble , he hang up the phone . Ford say nothing , but in he eye -- pity . gillespie request permission to bring my team to bonneville , Oregon , sir . ford request deny . civilian infection be not within we mandate -- gillespie -- a presidential order can override -- ford let the C.D.C. do its job . if they need help , they know we be here . gillespie the goddamn fuse be light ! what be you gonna do ? wait for the bomb to go off ? ford we do not live in the African bush . we do not crap in we street , we do not drink dirty well water fill with spit . the disease will be stop . gillespie yeah ? today , maybe they have get a handful ... by tomorrow they could have a hundred , and the day after that , a thousand . when the President and Congress ask why you do not bring in one group , the only group in the entire world with experience in fight this disease , what be you gonna say ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : ford you do not obey order , gillespie . you be the last person I would send . gillespie I be send a letter to the surgeon General right now . I be go to create a paper trail . you will fry . gillespie storm out . Ford remain unruffled . int . gillespie' SMALL , cluttered office gillespie burst into the room and slam the door . he grab the glass paperweight off he desk and throw it against the wall . it shatter . he stop . a moment of hesitation . int . ft . andrews AIR force base - contorl tower sergeant mucia pick up the phone . the wall clock read midnight . sergeant mucia Fort andrew . Air traffic control . sergeant mucia . intercut mucia with gillespie in he office gillespie sergeant , this be Colonel gillespie at Fort Detrick . we be on code red status for bonneville , Oregon . time of departure 01:00 . sergeant mucia that 's not possible , sir . gillespie be that mucia with a ' C ' or a ' S '? sergeant mucia ( nervous ) ' C , ' sir . ( continued ) 66 . continued : gillespie get it do , sergeant . that 's a direct oroder from General Ford . sergeant mucia yes , sir . cut to : ext . ft . andrews AIR force base flood light illuminate dozen of enlist man rapidly wheeling equipment into the open hatch of the huge c5a stand on the tarmac . gillespie , Salt , and berman approach the plane , gillespie in the lead , the other two step behind . salt the C.D.C. ask we ? that do not sound like they . gillespie they be go to have to show the President they do everything possible . there 's a nervousness in izzy 's face , something we have see before . gillespie get a bunch of paper pusher scared enough , they will do anything . cut to : int . ford' office he punch the word " bonneville , Oregon " into he computer . the computer answer : " population : 1218 . Portland Metropolitan Area : population : 532,000 . " he punch another key . a telephone speed dial whistle across the room . cut to : ext . dugway ( utah ) - night a gila monster hunt for prey , its eye darting back and forth , its tongue twitching hungrily . it run off , vanish in the dry chaparral and desert that stretch for hundred of mile . ( continued ) 67 . continued : we be seemingly in the middle of nowhere until we find -- a electrify barb - wire fence emblazon with sign warning : " U.S. military property : trespass strictly prohibit . " behind the fence stand row of huge satellite scanner . behind they be row of duplex . Inside one of the du - plexe a light come on . int . duplex mcclintock grab the phone ringing by he bed . intercut ford and mclintock ford the genie 's out of the bottle in bonneville , Oregon , donny , and we have get to get he back in . General mcclintock look dumb . ford cancel all leave . mobilize all personnel . I be go to want wind condition and transmission rate -- for all insect , animal , marine , and human vector . if this virus be spread , I want to know how fast and where . he look at he computer monitor , which project a map of western Oregon : the town of bonneville be close to the Columbia River . ford bonneville 's only five mile from the Columbia River and if this mother get there , we be in big shit trouble . cut to : ext /int . c5a Flying in heavey weather . computer keys pound : September 3 , 02:30 . the radioman turn to gillespie , seat with izzy and Salt in the back of the cockpit . ( continued ) continued : gillespie 68 . radioman we have get the Secretary of Defense on the radio . they have to wake he up . unstrap himself and take hold of the microphone . gillespie ( into mike ) tell he it be Colonel Mike gillespie , Commander of the U.S. Army motaba virus Task Force . intercut with : SMALL oak - line study ( virginia ) where phillip goodell , the Secretary of Defense , be dress in he pajamas . goodell give that to I one more time , Colonel . gillespie we have get to quarantine the entire town of bonneville and do it quick . Morning will be too late -- people will panic and try to leave . if even one infect person get out , the entire effort could be for nothing . goodell why can not the State Police do it ? gillespie they can shut down the major road , but we need a much larger force to encircle the town . goodell where would I get troops at this hour and have ‘em in bonneville , Oregon before sunrise ? gillespie Fort Lewis , Washington , or Ford ord , California . closer be better . Sir , this be a doomsday disease . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : gillespie ( cont 'd ) as deadly as a.i.d.s. , but it kill within day . it could spread over the entire country . goodell 's wide awake now . goodell do you commanding officer know about this ? gillespie yes , sir , of course . he ask I to call you . goodell Colonel , all I can do be refer the matter to the National Security Council . a action of this scope would require the President 's approval . gillespie then get it , sir . right away , please . they break radio contact . Salt look at gillespie with awe . izzy if the C.D.C. ask we to help , why do you have to call the Defense Secretary ? why do not General Ford make the call ? gillespie shift uncomfortably . Salt realize he 's in trouble . izzy you bet you ass , Captain . Colonel gillespie have take it upon himself to circumvent the entire chain of command . the plane bounce in the turbulence . Salt turn to gillespie . salt you be shitting I ?... Sir ? gillespie I will take full responsibility for whatever happen . ( continued ) 70 . continued : izzy that only mean they will hang you first . gillespie do not worry , the C.D.C. -- and the President -- will invite we to bonneville . ( beat ) they will invite Mary and Jesus too . CUT back to : defense secretary goodell' oak - line study goodell ( into phone ) I just get a disturbing call from one of you officer , General . intercut with : ford in he office sit at he desk . as we hear goodell go on , a look of anger build on Ford 's face . goodell I can tell the President we be look at a situation you can contain with minimal loss of life , can not I ? ford of course . cut to : gillespie' bl-4 lab ( 02:30 ) track past the open aluminum casket hold the remain of jimbo and Alice to owi work under a negative pre - — sure hood . he remove a rack of test tube , suddenly freeze . facing he be General Ford and four man dress in bl - 4 suit and carry automatic weapon in plastic sheath . one soldier close the casket and start move they out . the other start unpack the freezer . ( continued ) 71 . continued : owl be you crazy ? do not touch they . that be level four viruse . the lead soldier raise he rifle at owi . ford sergeant , I want every specimen of motaba virus in this lab and this time no ' mistake . ' fade up country music with a real twang like the judd ' " Red cadillac " and ... cut to : red pickup with chrome wheel racing along a desert country road in the dark of night . computer keys pound : " bonneville , oregon , tuesday -- 05:00 . " int . / ext . pickup - night tommy hull , 28 , a construction worker , sing along . the window of he pickup be wide open and the wind blow he long hair straight back . there 's a empty gun rack in the back . he round a turn and brake to a screeching halt . the glare of flash red and blue light cross he face . tommy what the hell ? tommy' Pov - three highway patrolmen wear gas mask and tote shotgun in they latex - glove hand , stand in front of they patrol car whose emergency light flash off and on , create a eerie glow . down the road , be a second checkpoint where the patrol car be face the other way . back to scene Tommy Hull climb out . the highway patrolman raise he shotgun and aim it . ( continued ) 72 . continued : tommy what 's goin ' on ? highway patrolman # 1 stay inside you car . Tommy Hull freeze . highway patrolman # 1 turn around , go home , and stay there . tommy what 's goin ' on ? why be you wearin ' all that stuff ? highway patrolman # 2 go home and you will be all right . move it . Tommy Hull be not gonna argue with three load of buckshot . he start he truck , then stop and gape , as rapidly ap - proaching from the opposite way towards town be ... convoy of three state police car they zoom by he . in the back seat of the lead car , we see robby and Lisa aronson . cut to : ext . bonneville general hospital ( tuesday , 6:15 am ) the convoy of police car pull in the parking lot where local police , wear respirator , hold back a crowd of about twenty people , the family of that who be sick inside . robby and Lisa and the state police officer climb out wear they respirator / helmet and biosafety suit . the twenty people react as the realization set in that what - ever they love one have , it 's awful . Tracy 's Father push forward . tracy's father nobody 's tellin ' we what 's goin ' on . robby turn to the local police chief , Ray fowler , a stringy , taciturn man . ( continued ) 73 . continued : robby I be Dr. roberta keough from the c.d.c . I be in charge . police chief I think he be in charge . she follow he gaze to the main entrance of the hospital . stand at the top of the stair , dress in he bio - safety suit be ... mike gillespie robby be shocked , but not shocked . she move up the step . he block she path . gillespie I have get people inside . they can do what need to be do . set up you command post outside the town , where you will be safe . she try to go around he . he grab she arm . robby ( quietly ) let I do my job . please . I know what I be do . a beat . he reluctantly let go . she go inside . int . hospital robby , follow by Mike , move down the corridor . robby on whose authority be you here , Michael ? gillespie want I to leave ? she do not answer . we hear only the rush of AIR in they suit , drown out the horror we see as they pass room after room of motaba patient , scream and moan in pain . they pass ... izzy in a room with Henry , the lab tech . lip blue , gasp for every breath , he fight against the vent - ilator . streak of blood line the wall . in the next bed be he girl friend , corinne , comatose and near death . ( continued ) 74 . continued : a mother be cry of agony rip through the rush of AIR as robby and Mike pass the room where Mrs. Logan be hold she die toddler in she arm . her body be cover with the fine red vesicular rash of end-stage motaba . she plead with Salt , stand there in a biosafety suit , completely helpless . mother save my baby ... please ... save my baby . robby exchange a glance with gillespie . she 's devastate . gillespie I try to warn you . but nothing he could have say could have prepare she for this . she move on into ... SMALL intensive care unit cramme with ten patient on gurney , all sick with end - stage motaba . nurse Emma and Dr. mascelli , in biosafety suit , pack Tracy , the movie-counter girl , in ice . tracy ( delirious with fever ) daddy ... daddy ! where 's my daddy ? robby look at rudy , lie in the next cubicle , eye com - pletely yellow and lifeless , face and body cover in black - and - blue splotches . his chest rise and fall in short gasp . gillespie bonneville patient zero . he never regain consciousness so we do not know how he get infect . suddenly Tracy start convulse . dr . mascelli more valium . Quick . emma we be out . robby where 's the crash cart ? ( continued ) continued : 75 . nurse Emma nod to a sear roebuck - style tool cabinet in the corner . Dr. mascelli start for it , but gillespie 's already there . he punch off the plastic lock , rip open a drawer and grab a small box label valium . he flip it to ... robby , who in a second , pop it open , pull out the syringe of valium and shoot the yellow liquid into Tracy 's iv . she stop seize . Dr. mascelli and nurse Emma be impressed . robby Dr. mascelli , we speak on the phone , I be Dr. keough from the c.d.cc . one of the patient start cough . gillespie robby be alarmed . robby how many of you patient be cough ? dr . mascelli ( indicate rudy ) except for he , all of they . why ? and smash CUT to : int . mascelli's office and a grid map of bonneville with case of motaba mark in red . they be spread out all over the town . dr . mascelli the common bond be the movie theatre . gillespie this be not the same virus -- robby -- it 's mutate -- gillespie -- to a airborne form -- ( continued ) 76 . continued : dr . mascelli my God , if it 's spread through the air , person to person , by droplet , it 's ... it 's the plague . everybody in the town 's gonna die . gillespie they may not all be infect . dr . mascelli but they will be . and if one person get out -- robby the quarantine have to be ironclad -- dr . mascelli people be gonna get out over the mountain -- it will be impossible to stop they . gillespie you be wrong . fade up the roar of chopper . a overwhelming dim . Dr. macselli move to the window , pull back the shade . can not believe he eye . in the distance , against the dawn half - light ... the sky be fill with sikorsky blackhawk helicopter from the U.S. rapid deployment Force . robby ( astonished ) how ... gillespie -' -. do not ask . cut to : ext . bonneville general hospital ( 06:40 ) a giant helicopter maneuver a mobile bl - 4 lab into the parking lot behind the hospital . another chopper fly behind it , carry a portable pre-fab hospital . another set down and begin disgorge combat troops wear chem - warfare suit . cut to : 77 . soldier dress in chemical warfare gear and carry m - 16 ride in a Jeep through the center of the town . the soldier with a megaphone bellow at a group of townspeople gather in front of a do nut shop : soldier go home and stay there or you will be place under arrest . the townspeople stare at this terrifying figure , then quickly disperse . reveal the next street over , and the next . Soldiers blast out warning . cut to : tommy hull , he wife , darla , and two kide ( 06:40 ) barrel along a gravel road in they pickup . in the hazy light , Tommy see ... two infantry man in chem - war gear move into position on the road and raise they gun toward the pickup . Tommy do not slow down . his wife scream : darla they will shoot we !! tommy they will not . but he can not be certain . the soldier take aim . Tommy bring the pickup to a screeching stop , throw up gravel on all side . he whip the vehicle around and head back toward town . a chinook helicopter thunder overhead . Tommy scan the horizon for a escape . tommy I know one place they will not think to go . cut to : 78 . red pickup bounce along a overgrown creek bed , splash water everywhere , careen into the big rock which litter the creek bed . suddenly -- a helicopter gunship emerge over the tree-tops . darla stop ! but Tommy do not stop . the pickup keep go -- smash - ing and bashing its way up the creek . the gunship open FIRE , shredd the tire . the pickup thump to a halt . Inside , Darla and the child cry , Tommy be shake . the helicopter hover above they as the hull climb out and head back toward town . cut to : state police car come to a fast stop at the highway checkpoint outside bonneville as ... gunfire ring out from the distance . Inside , Mike and robby react with alarm and climb out . chopper roar by overhead , create a deafening blast . the line of car try to get out of town be a quarter mile long . they be hold back by a ... Long line of infantrymen in chem - war gear who look like futuristic insect . this area will become the front line of a war . robby and Mike race by the soldier ... to the command where lieutenant colonel ronald brigg be on the radio , coordinate he unit . robby you be use rubber bullet , be not you ? Briggs salute gillespie . he speak with a Georgia accent . lt . colonel brigg no , mar 'am . my order be that no one be to get out of this town . robby you be operate under civilian control in a civilian disater . ( continued ) 79 . continued : a monster chinook come down , send up a torrent of dust . lt . colonel brigg no , mar 'am , we be not . he turn to ... the figure emerge from under the whirling blade : General billy Ford . gillespie brace himself . robby 's surprised . billy hand robby a seal document . ford the Secretary of Defense and the President have make this a joint operation between the C.D.C. and the United States Army . I have be place in command . Ford go straight over to gillespie . Briggs intercept he halfway there , salute , and report : lt . colonel brigg Sir , since we establish we perimeter at 06:20 , nobody have penetrate we line . before that , I can give no guarantee . ford there be one thousand two hundred and eighteen people live in this town . I want every one of they account for by 09:00 . lt . colonel brigg yes , sir . he move off . Ford and gillespie square off . ford you be under arrest . with Major berman and Captain Salt -- robby -- he be right . we be wrong -- ford -- stay out of it , robby . gillespie , you violate a direct order -- ( continued ) continued : 80 . gillespie -- the virus be airborne . ford motaba be only spread by direct fluid contact . gillespie since it leave Africa , it mutate . ford that 's crazy . gillespie go to the hospital and see for yourself . leave you face bare . Ford start away from gillespie . robby you can not put he in jail . I need he . I need he whole team . Ford think for a moment . ford very well . Colonel , you , Major berman , Captain Salt ... can help Dr. keough for the duration of this crisis , but you can not leave this town and as soon as we get this under control , you will be take into custody . gillespie Major berman and Captain Salt be follow my order -- I be the only one at fault . ford we will let the court martial decide that . suddenly robby 's walkie- talkie squawk : lisa aronson ( v.o. ) we get the host ! fade up the cacophony of shrieking animal and -- cut to : 81 . int . rudy's pet shop the brown rhesus sit in the back of he cage , stare at biosafety suite doctor crowded around he cage . the other animal screech with hunger . lisa aronson I find this note on the desk ... she hold a post - it with the word scribble across it : " Scott - monkey - 8/31 . " lisa aronson this must be the monkey Scott bring up from biotest . salt and if he be the host , he blood will give we a treatment . lisa aronson he 's so cute it 's hard to believe he 's cause such destruction . izzy Hitler 's girl friend use to say the same thing . Ford stand in the back of the room , disinterested , as if he know already the brown rhesus be go to lead nowhere . robby peer into the rhesus 's cage . robby why be he so quiet ? gillespie monkey get quiet when they get hungry ... ford «+ . or sick . smach CUT to : int . bio - test animal quarantine facility computer keys pound : " biotest animal quarantine facility -- san jose , california " mcclintock hurry down the long aisle fill with monkey cage stack two high on both side . keeping pace be felder , the president of bio - test . felder this animal be all healthy . ( continued ) 82 . continued : mcclintock turn to a dozen biosafety - suite figure , each carry a doctor 's bag . mcclintock fan out . they each go off in a separate direction , leave mcclintock and felder opposite a cage of African Green monkey . mcclintock open he black bag , take out a strange look pistol and feed in a cartridge con - tain a turquoise - blue liquid ( amobarbital ) . mcclintock one of this animal may be the host of the worst virus the world have ever know . felder shudder . mcclintock thunder into he walkie- talkie . mcclintock make sure the animal be completey tranquilize before specimen be draw . use all level four precaution . felder squirm as mcclintock aim the pistol at the Green monkey , who grab the bar of the cage and hiss . as one gun after another goe off -- smash CUT to : hospital parking lot - near portable bl -4 lab chemWar-suited infantrymen stand with m - 16 hold ready . behind they be a pre-school with a yardful of toy now abandon . the infantrymen stare at the brown rhesus , hold tightly in a " squeeze cage . " robby , Mike , Lisa , and wally look on anxiously as izzy approach the monkey with a needle attach to a long syringe . the rhesus strain with every muscle to lash out . izzy move quickly , jabbing the needle into the monkey 's thigh . he push the plunger . the rhesus suddenly jerk he arm . robby izzy ! needle head for izzy's hand ( slow motion ) but he yank it back just in time . 83 . on izzy tremble . a long beat . back to scene the rhesus fall asleep . izzy draw blood as a Jeep carry Ford pull up , follow by a Army truck . Soldiers empty the truck , pile up crate of plastic iv bag fill with brown fluid . ford filo-four antiserum . antitoxin . anyone with symptom or positive blood test will get it stat . gillespie what for ? ford it kill twenty - five percent of filoviruse . izzy not motaba . we try it . ford in the lab . people react differently . gillespie and izzy exchange a skeptical glance : be Ford lose it , or what ? ford we have nothing to lose -- the disease be incurable . robby General Ford be right . ford thank you . cut to : series of shot a ) a school classroom , empty . B ) a factory , empty . C ) a supermarket , empty . ( continued ) 84 . continued : D ) the center of town -- not a sign of life except for the Jeep carry chemwar troops bear m-le . robby ( v.o. ) the Army will begin emergency food delivery once a day ... cut to : int . SMALL one story house - kitchen sherry listen to a radio with she three young child . she cough and exchange a worried look with she husband . intercut with : int . local radio station - glassed -in broadcast booth -— robby and mike robby ( into mike ) ... if you have special need , such as medicine you take , let they know and it will be deliver to you . but please -- stay inside . do not go out for any reason . gillespie ( into mike ) this disease look like a regular flu in its early stage , but if you have flu symptom , do not panic ... it 's probably just a normal virus and not motaba . int . sherry house - same time gillespie ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) but the way to protect you family be to detect it early , before you spread it . on sherry terrify . 85 . back to scene sherry husband you do not have it , honey . her four -year-old son what do you have , mommy ? sherry nothing . mommy 's fine . cut to : int . motaba hospital ward - simultaneously Ford walk through the motaba ward , now overflow with infect patient , some of they unconscious and some of they moan . they love one have not be allow into this infect ward , so most of this people be alone and scared . in Ford 's eye we see pain . from a radio in the nursing station . robby ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) if you be feel sick in any way , you should hang a pillowcase or other piece of cloth on you front door . Soldiers will take you somewhere safe for a test . you will know the result within a few hour . if you be positive , you will go into one of we isolation hospital , so bring clothes and personal thing you might need . int . tommy hull SMALL house Darla and she two kid gather ' round the radio . in the b.g. Tommy take a swig of whiskey . he 's still tremble from he encounter with the chopper . tommy turn it off ! darla no. Tommy grab the radio and throw it across the room , break - ing it . ( continued ) 86 . continued : tommy we do not have it , goddamn it . but if we stay here , we will get it . darla they be doctor . they know more than you . CUT back to : radio station broadcast booth robby ( into mike ) I know you be scared . we be all scared . but together we be go to get through this . cut to : bonneville general hospital a room full of motaba patient , all with antiserum run through they iv 's . Dr. mascelli and izzy listen to the radio . mascelli 's eye be blood -shot . he sneeze and sniffles . doctor mascelli and now I have get it too . I be go to die along with the rest of they , be not I ? the look in izzy 's eye confirm Dr. mascelli 's worst fear . int . sherry house sherry slowly open the front door , put a white pillow - case over the door . her kid run into she arm cry . sherry ( hugging they ) I will be back in a few hour . it 's like I be goin ' to work . she wipe the tear from she eye ; she 's tremble . ( continued ) 87 . continued : sherry ( to each kid in turn ) now , promise you will not fight . promise you will do what you father tell you . they each promise - nodd " yes " in order from the oldest to the youngest . it 's a very solemn moment as sherry step onto : ext . porch she walk slowly down the small path , know this could be the last time she ever make this walk , ever see she family . she stop , wipe a tear off she cheek . she want to look back so bad , to get one last look at she kid , but do not want they to see she scared . she climb into the wait Army Jeep . sherry wave as the Jeep pull away . but she 's sit next to a soldier in full chemwar gear , and this only amplify the fear in she child 's eye . the Jeep drive past other house with pillowcase over the door . SHOCK CUT to : sherry arm her fist clinch as Lisa aronson finish draw blood . int . testing tent Lisa carefully slip the test tube of blood into a plexi - glass case and lock it . as she exit the tent , we see : tent CITY tent after tent -- at least four hundred of they -- a tent city set up on the high school football field . house people in isolation who have have or be about to undergo the blood test . this be purgatory , where you wait for judgment . cut to : 88 . mobile bl -4 lab izzy carefully withdraw a syringe of clear liquid from a rubber cap bottle label " DNA primer . " he mix this into a blood sample from a test patient . at the bench , robby be do the same . izzy look under he scope . the field be fill with red circle . izzy positive . he take another tube of blood from a different patient . look under the scope . izzy positive . robby look under she scope . robby positive . izzy the whole fuck town 's infect . a sense of despair . izzy double check it ! triple check it . cut to : int . sherry tent sherry templeton try to come to term with the fact she 's positive . sherry do this mean my child have it , too ? gillespie ( shake by she pain ) no ... but she see he 's not sure . sherry oh my God . CUT back to : 89 . bl -4 lab - izzy and robby work . izzy look under the scope . everything be purple . izzy how can this be ? Doctor mascelli can not be negative . I know he 's get it . something 's wrong . cut to : bl - 4 lab - little later izzy concentrate on mascelli 's blood test . his eye be bloodshot from fatigue . extreme closeup - AIR hose coupling at izzy 's side . the red umbilical cord connect to the ceiling catch on the sink handle in the center island ; it slowly slip out of its coupling and drop . the sound of rushing AIR suddenly stop . back to scene ... but izzy do not hear it . he continue look through the scope . suddenly , he spot the red umbilical cord lie on the floor . izzy no ! robby grab the cord and re-insert it into izzy 's suit ; the rush of AIR quickly fill the suit , but -- izzy - panicked - run out of the lab into : formaldehyde shower area and blast himself with formaldehyde . as the frothy liquid bath pour over he : close on izzy's face terrify : do he breath in the virus ? cut to : 90 . locker room - minute later robby it be only a few second , nothing get in . izzy I know . I be fine . silence . robby I can finish the test -- izzy -- I be fine . she nod , worried . cut to : hospital ward - night Ford check Henry 's ( the Lab tech 's ) pulse . nothing . he look at mcclintock , stare at Henry 's corpse into which the antiserum be still flow . in the next bed , corinne , Henry 's girl friend , also lie dead . mcclintock the motaba antiserum do not work . ford ( devastate ) the virus have change enough so that the antibody can not recognize it . we have get to find the host , donny . mcclintock how ? the San Jose animal be all negative . ( sharply ) for thirty year you have think it be a breath away . and we look , and test and test . and we could not find it . ( beat ) what good would it do anyway ? the virus have mutate . the host would carry the antibody against the African strain -- before it mutate . ( continued ) continued : on Ford 's 91 . ford nature be more generous than man , donny ... it create more variablity in the antibody . if we find the host , its antibody may be effective against the mutate strain . mcclintock that 's a guess . and there 's no time , no cure . we have no choice but to implement the emergency containment plan . troubled reaction -- cut to : bl - 4 lab - later that night gillespie , robby , Lisa , and izzy peer ... into the Brown rhesus 's cage . the monkey look dreadful : he 's crouch in a fetal position and he nose drip puss . gloom and salt he 's die of motaba . his blood do not have any protective antibody . nothing . defeat sink over the room . robby but where do this monkey get the disease ? lisa aronson Christ , it could have be anywhere ... maybe he be on a boat from Africa , next to the host . izzy then there 's no hope . gillespie no. unless jimbo Scott have close contact with the host and that animal be somehow traceable . there 's get to be something at bio-test . ( continued ) 92 . continued : robby Lisa , go back there . there 's get to be something that be miss . Lisa nod . cut to : bl - 4 lab - later Salt look plaintively at the rhesus . he open the refrigerator and take out a bottle label morphine . he 's about to close the fridge , but stop and stare ... Inside the refrigerator : a unit of antiserum just lie around . he look at the antiserum , then at the monkey , sick in its cage . cut to : quarantine perimeter - dawn the line of troops and tank stretch for mile . huey thunder overhead , keep watch . behind the tank be a swarm of figure wear red bl - 4 suit . they be move cage fill with insect and animal toward a huge series of trailer . int . general ford' command CENTER - dawn the Command Center be buzzing with activity . along one wall be a array of supercomputer all feed data to ... the big board -- a computerize map of the quarantine Area . dr . frankle , a biowar Defense expert , a intense , bearded man of about 50 -- pace in front of the big board . as frankle brief Ford and mcclintock , we literally see the epidemic spread out from the center of bonneville -- more and more terrain be color red each time the big screen redraw . the red get larger and larger , until it come within three mile of the Columbia River , which cut a big blue swath through the map . frankle mosquito be pick up this virus . a hour ago a squirrel with motaba be trap just three mile from the river . ( continued ) 93 . continued : ford ( angry ) increase the spraying , goddamnit ! frankle the best stuff we have get will not kill every last one . eventually one bug , one animal 's go to get through to the river . worst case be the virus penetrate the ecosystem . then we can not stop it . ford there 's get to be a way to deal with it -- frankle -- the only similar case I know of be the influenza epidemic of 1918 . it circle the globe in two week . silence . mcclintock people can be asymptomatic , for week . the test be faulty . we have to assume everyone in this town be infect and will get this disease sooner or later . silence . finally : ford I want the most rapid-act nerve gas . something so quick they will never know what hit ‘em . int . bio - test MAIN office ( san jose ) - day the office be a small , chaotic room fill with old filing cabinet and ancient PC 's . the company President , felder , and Lisa aronson sit near a speakerphone . lisa aronson ( into phone ) and I have be through all the file ... no animal 's be remove in the last fourteen day . felder if jimbo Scott get a infect animal , he do not get it here . intercut with : 94 , SMALL office in back of bl -4 lab gillispie , robby , and izzy be run out of option as they converse with Lisa aronson in San Jose , California , on the speakerphone : gillespie could jimbo Scott have deleate all trace of a animal store at you facility ? felder ( v.o. ) do not be absurd , he be a good employee -- gillespie Mr. felder , do not take this personally , but either you be a horrible judge of character or the world 's in deep shit . could jimbo Scott have erase all record on a animal store at you facility ? yes or no ? felder hesitates . suddenly gillespie 's walkie - talkie beeps : salt ( v.o. ) Colonel , come quick . int . bl -4 lab robby , Mike and izzy enter the animal lab and stop cold . the brown rhesus be sit up in he cage , weak but eat some lettuce . salt he should be dead . the last of the antiserum drip into the animal 's arm . salt I give he the antiserum . izzy it do not work on people . it should not work on simian either . salt so how come it work on this one ? gillespie 's mind be racing : ( continued ) 95 . continued : gillespie he be infect with the first strain , before it mutate . izzy it still should not work . this Korean filo4 do not cross-react with the motaba virus . we check ! gillespie maybe it 's not Korean filo4 . salt what else could it be ? izzy lean against the wall ; he 's pale , feverish . the other pay no attention . izzy I need some air . he take a step , then start seize , he whole body shaking in one convulsive wave after the next . gillespie , robby and wally rush over . salt ( check he pulse ) he 's slowin ' down . he 's gonna arrest . gillespie let 's go . now ! with extraordinary effort , he heave izzy over he back . cut to : crowded motaba ward gillespie gently drop izzy onto a hospital bed . gillespie Ice , fluid , blood , oxygen ... let 's go ! gillespie put a probe in berman 's mouth , shudder when he see the read . gillespie a hundred and eight . Ice ... I want ice ... I mean now ! ( continued ) 96 . continued : wally run in with ice , pack it around berman 's neck . gillespie open you eye . open you fuckin ' eye , izzy . nobody 's lettin ' you off so easy . pressure ? robby comin ' up . a long , long beat . berman slowly open he eye . gillespie smile . gillespie you be a hundred and eight . not too long ... but long enough ... ( a evil grin ) you musta lose a billion brain cell . izzy now I be only as smart as you . gillespie grin . berman try to smile . his lip twitches ... uncontrolla - bly . his whole body seize . gillespie we need a line . robby flip gillespie a catheter set . he look for a vein . robby and wally try to keep izzy flat while gillespie work , but ... slow motion shot izzy 's arm jerk free , push Mike 's hand and the razor - sharp needle right at Mike 's other hand . robby watch out ! she shove Mike 's hand out of the path , but the needle nick she glove . Mike and wally be horrify . gillespie lemme see it . ( continued ) 97 . continued : robby ( yank she hand away ) it do not get past the outer glove . ( to wally ) hold he down . wally pin izzy 's arm down as robby stick in a iv and inject medicine . izzy stop seize . cut to : int . surgery locker room robby , alone , peel back she triple - thick glove , and ... the second layer be cut , too ! she rip off the second layer and ... the third layer be cut , too ! she pull it off to reveal : her finger -- we see just the tiniest thin line of crimson blood . terrify , she run into ... surgical scrub room and squeeze she finger , try to expel any virus . she pour iodine into the tiny wound and frantically scrub , as if she life depene on it . it do . she turn at the sound of the door open . it 's gillespie . gillespie ( anguish ) you take the hit for I ... why ? tear fill she eye . her mouth open . she can not talk . only a low moan of terror . gillespie cradle she head against he . cut to : prop plane ( 07:45 ) spraying over the forest outside bonneville . huge waft of smoke drift over the birch and pine forest like a thick fog . ( continued ) 98 . continued : Hidden in the dense wood , Tommy Hull take a slug of whisky and watch the plane . between he and the plane be armed personnel carrier , they gas -mask personnel unaffected by the poison . Tommy cough . he stand up on the hood of a old blue van and scream at the troops . tommy that 's right . kill we all . c'mon ! they can not hear he or see he . he finish the last of the bottle and climb into ... he beat -up van we see on the floor a half dozen gun include a shotgun and a AK - 47 . he start the engine and roar off . cut to : perimeter checkpoint ( 08:00 ) checkpoint guard # 1 I be sorry , Colonel . you can not proceed . gillespie 's Jeep be block by three guard armed with m-1l6s . gillespie get the hell out of my way . I be go to see the General . checkpoint guard # 1 strict order , sir . anyone with direct patient care be contaminate . gillespie that 's a load of crap . get he on the line , soldier . now ! checkpoint guard # 1 ( punch on the radio ) checkpoint three to base . Colonel gillespie to speak to General Ford . suddenly , Tommy Hull drive up and brake to a stop . ( continued ) 99 . continued : checkpoint guard # 2 go home . tommy you go home . before Guard # 2 can react , Hull raise he shotgun and fire . gillespie dive under the dashboard of he Jeep . the other Guards react . too late . Tommy Hull pull a AK - 47 out from behind he seat and chews they up . the radio blast : radio ( v.o. ) base to checkpoint three : what 's goin ' on ? Tommy Hull fire the shotgun again , annihilating the radio . he roar ahead . gillespie race over to soldier . they be dead . he look at ... the van , racing toward the crest of the hill . suddenly , from the other side of the hill : two Apache helicopter appear . Hull stick the AK - 47 out the window and fire at the chopper . they keep come . Red spark erupt from they belly . hellfire . the van explode into tiny piece . gillespie gun the jeep toward the wreckage . a Jeep drive by General Ford come over the hill and pull up on ... opposite side of wreckage Ford and gillespie both survey the char remain of the van . both be appal . ( continued ) continued : Ford say 100 . gillespie you have the antiserum to the original African strain , you could have make it available right away . the virus would have never have a chance to mutate . you could have stop this whole epidemic before it get start . why ? nothing . he stare at the wreckage as if some - how he could find a answer there he himself believe . silence . silence . then with gillespie why ? finally : ford it 's so strange ... you look at this viruse under the electron microscope ... they be like ... like beautiful symmetrical crystal , so cold , so pure . you think you be look at some fabulous piece of sculpture behind a museum wall ... till you see the blood and people die all around you . I stop it once . I think I could stop it again . gillespie you order the attack on iwabi 's people in Africa ? Ford neither confirm nor deny the accusation . sadness and remorse , Ford tell the truth : ford we have to ensure that we have the only live sample of the virus . gillespie biowarfare research be illegal . we sign a treaty ... ford ... what do you know about the real world , gillespie ? even the air you breathe be artificial . why do you think Saddam Hussein do not kill we boy with he anthrax and he botulism and all the other crap he create in he lab ? ' Cause he know we have something worse -- ( continued ) continued : gillespie , begin to 101 . gillespie -- one mad man -- ford -- every fuck dictator of the future 's go to use biological weapon that you can manufacture cheap in a test tube with technology you can buy at the newsrack . deterrence work . horrify , step away from he boss as he understand the scope of the deception which he have be the victim of . ford we spend year synthesize a antibody that work with the original African strain . we assume it would work with this bonneville strain . we gamble . we lose . we can not afford to lose again ... gillespie so you be go to wipe out this entire town -- kill everyone in it ? ford the virus be go to reach the river . gillespie take the people who be well and get they out ! ford if even one be sick , no matter where we be , the disease would start again . beat , gillespie know he 's right . gillespie you only hope be to look for the host . ford I do -- for thirty year . gillespie let I . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ford you might be contaminate . gillespie I know I be not . ford we have facilite to hold a few people in quarantine . get out now . take you team . gillespie izzy be sick , robby infect . beat. ford I be sorry . beat . gillespie wipe out the town , wipe out motaba . and you be still the only one in the world who 's get the virus . no matter what , you program 's secure . ford that 's not a consideration . gillespie bullshit ! cut to : bl - 4 lab - office ( 09:10 ) page spit out of the fax . as wally gather they up , we see the cover page : insert - cover page from : Lisa aronson , m.d . to : Colonel gillespie , M.D. re : biotest Animal inventory Mike -- here be the list of every animal import by biotest during the last six month ... back to scene Salt look outside , worried : 103 . salt Pov a Black Hawk helicopter take off . Soldiers gather around a second Black Hawk and start to load they gear . the biowar Defense unit be pull out of the town . back to scene hold on Salt 's face : scared . robby have as yet no sign of the fever . she and gillespie pour over the fax from Lisa aronson . wally Colonel , we gotta go now . beat . Mike and robby exchange a glance , know this may be the last time they be together . robby no goodby . it 's bad luck . another angle - on gillespie desperately tear , not want to leave she . robby I be glad you be here . cut to : ext . hospital helicopter landing area Salt carry a decontamination unit on he back , gillespie a cellular phone and a black duffel bag as they reach -- black hawk where soldier finish load under the watchful eye of sergeant meyer . sergeant meyer atten-shun ! the soldier salute gillespie and Salt . gillespie sergeant , General Ford have order we to decon all aircraft before takeoff . ( continued ) 104 . continued : sergeant meyer but we have be do it at the base , sir . gillespie vector transmission be increase and airborne contamination must be minimize . pretty soon , sergeant , even that suit will not protect you . sergeant meyer ( scared ) yes , sir . Salt take hold of sergeant meyer 's walkie-talkie . the sergeant be puzzle by this but say nothing as Salt spray it thoroughly with disinfectant before hand it back . he spray the outside of the chopper , then move inside . sergeant meyer the pilot be inside , sir ! gillespie I will get he out . cut to : outside chopper - second later sergeant meyer react as the big rotor blade start to turn . the chopper begin to rise : sergeant meyer what the hell ? sergeant meyer reach for he walkie-talkie , but it will not work . he slam it down . int . chopper - flying over command CENTER the pilot , warrant officer deterich bark into he radio : warrant officer deterich de mother , this be nake Zulu . go to decon . radio ( v.o. ) Roger , that , nake Zulu . pull back to reveal gillespie hold a gun against deterich 's head . ( continued ) 105 . continued : gillespie Nice and easy now . the Black Hawk cruise over the camp , blend right in with half - a- dozen other chopper go in all direction . cut to : command CENTER - ford' office sergeant meyer stand nervously at attention , try to avoid the eye of General mcclintock , who 's fit to be tie . in a rapidly move dolly shot , mcclintock leave meyer and approach General Ford , who be on the phone . mcclintock you Colonel gillespie have commandeer one of we helicopter . close on ford just the hint of astonishment . then he regains he usual composure : mcclintock gillespie have become a vector of the disease . mobilize all resource to find he . cut to : ext . isolated stretch of oregon coast ( 10:00 ) warrant Officer deterich , dress in underwear , huddle against a huge rock . a pile of ration lie beside he . gillespie there 's food and water for two day . they will find you by then . gillespie slip on deterich 's uniform , Salt pull on gillespie 's . gillespie you never expect to make Colonel this fast , do you , Salt ? cut to : 106 . int / ext . black hawk hover above deterich . Salt open the throttle ; the chopper roar down the coast and deterich become nothing but a dot in a cove shut off by soar cliff on one side and the ocean on the other . Salt keep the chopper just foot above the whitecap . gillespie not bad for somebody who have not fly in six year . salt Seven . want to see my loop - d - loop ? he pull the wheel , brining the nose up to a high angle of attack . gillespie look panicked . Salt level out the chopper . salt just kid , sir . gillespie study the air map of the Pacific Ocean . gillespie cut inland at klamath River and keep this mountain ridge between we and Oregon . salt to San Jose , sir ? gillespie no . Ford will anticipate that . salt Lisa aronson send we all the shipping record ... gillespie no , not all ... just the one biotest have . computer keys pound . superimpose : klamath fall , oregon -- 10:10 two f-15 eagle scream down the runway and lift off . within second , more follow . 107 . ext . above oregon coastal forest mcclintock 's Apache sweep above the forest . the radar screen indicate a return . mcclintock pick up the radio : mcclintock Portland regional , please identify transponder 2 caw442 . over . traffic controller ( v.o. ) that 's another light plane , number 86221 Zebra , register corvallis ... mcclintock grimace . mcclintock where the hell 's that a.w.a.c.s.? pilot Sir , they be comin ' from Oklahoma . the radio crackle : f-15 pilot ( v.o. ) get a low target sit on the coast . go down for visual . intercut with : inside black hawk helicopter where Salt see a blip on the radar screen . salt problem . he push the wheel down , and the camouflage - paint chopper descend into a tight ravine between two rock . the blade whirl inch from disaster . gillespie hold he breath ; so do Salt who try to hold the Black Hawk motionless . we hear a sonic boom . the F - 15 streak overhead . gillespie and Salt exchange a glance . have they be see or not ? f-15 pilot ( v.o. ) I have lose it . possible bird flock . the plane turn inland . gillespie and Salt breathe again . 108 . int . mcclintock's apache mcclintock ( into radio ) General , gillespie could now be anywhere inside a thousand mile radius , and if he 's land , we get no way to track he . intercut the Command Center . Ford be angry and frustrated . ford you be gillespie , you do not trust the C.D.C. , you do not trust anybody ... you would want to look at all the data yourself . Ford turn to a aide , Lieutenant Richardson : ford issue a all - point bulletin to every police department on the West Coast . start with San Jose . Colonel gillespie and Captain Salt be armed , and assume to be contaminate until prove otherwise ... cut to : fax machine photo of gillespie and Salt roll into the reader , then -- cut to : ext . biotest animal facility ( san jose ) it be pour rain . at first , everything look normal . until we realize there be not any people on the side - walk . and no move car on the street . sniper with .22 rifle and telescopic sight straddle the rooftop . smash CUT to : federal build - MAIN office - day ( 12:05 pm ) a long line of people wait for a single clerk ; it 's lunch hour . ( continued ) 109 . continued : gillespie storm in and go right to the front of the line . the other glare . the clerk , armistead , a 50 - ish man with long grey hair tie in a pony tail , continue to help the lady in the front of the line . gillespie ( sharply ) Excuse I . armistead just a minute , soldier . he continue help the lady . gillespie I be warrant Officer deterich of the United States Army -- the next person in line react : next person hey -- end of the line , asshole -- gillespie I just come from the site of the virus epidemic in Oregon and you will help I now ! armistead 's supervisor , mrs . panamide , come out of she office as the other person wait in line , fearful of the dread motaba virus , edge away from gillespie rapidly . mrs . panamide what do you need ? gillespie bill of lading for all ship which arrive from Africa during the last six month . mrs . panamide what be you look for ? gillespie a animal . mrs . panamide what kind of animal . beat . gillespie I do not know . cut to : 110 . int . record room a shaggy , sloppily dress computer jock type . computer jock biotest be very methodical about they paper work . the printer spit out page of animal . gillespie cross - check they against the fax page from Lisa . they match perfectly . computer jock that 's it . sorry . gillespie lean back : in despair . not sure what to do next . a long beat . the Computer jock walk over to the printer . computer jock damn ! jamme again ! he hit a reset button . one more page print out . at the top of the page : a entry that Lisa 's list do not have . gillespie circle it in red . gillespie that 's it . the apeldoorn , a dutch freighter . one monkey . but what kind of monkey ? computer jock there 's no way to tell . cut to : gillespie climb into the Black Hawk . the rain be much heavier now . cut to : int . black hawk as it rise off the rooftop of the Federal Building . from this vantage , gillespie and Salt can see a threat - — ening rain storm sweeping in over the San Francisco Bay . ( continued ) 111 . continued : gillespie I try to radio . all static . ' Cause of the storm . salt so ' cause of the storm , you want I to fly twenty mile through a gale and hover while I drop you on board a ship at sea ? gillespie yes . salt Sir , with all respect -- no fuckin ' chance . beat . gillespie be dead serious . gillespie the storm will not break ' till tomorrow . Salt be tear . gillespie if you want , I could try to hover and drop you on board . salt no way . cut to : pacific ocean the chopper fight the gale , try to find the ship in the storm . the sky be so dark it 's like night . rain pound the windshield ; the wiper can not keep up . salt Colonel , I could not find my umbrella in this rain . despair . a long beat . then : in the distance through the mist , a red light flash . cut to : black hawk hover above the apeldoorn , riding rough on twenty - foot swell . the wind rock the chopper . ( continued ) 112 . continued : wally fight to hold it steady . salt ready for drop . gillespie speak for yourself . on the deck of the apeldoorn : four crewmen hold tight onto they lifeline and wait for -- gillespie , who emerge from the belly of the chopper . he hang tight onto the winch , which strain in the wind , thrust gillespie over the wave . one break on top of he . a crewman grab the line with a hook and reel gillespie in . SHOCK CUT to : freezer door open . gillespie be not ready for this : frozen on a shelf , be seaman dieter jan . even under a layer of ice , the yellow skin , blood streaking from he nipple , and other sign of motaba be all too clear . gillespie how long have it be since the monkey be on the ship ? one of the seamen translate gillespie 's question to the captain in dutch . the Captain answer in halting English : dutch captain how long ? six day . gillespie when do seaman jan first get sick ? dutch captain yesterday -- he be sick yesterday night . he be dead early this morning . close on gillespie alarmed . this be ominous information . ( continued ) 113 . continued : gillespie Captain , you ship will have to be quarantine at sea . no one be to go near this freezer . do you understand ? the Captain nod , overwhelm by sudden fear . gillespie someone else must have see the monkey -- the first mate step forward . as he begin to jabber in dutch ... SHOCK CUT to : black hawk racing back to shore . gillespie 's on the cellular phone . the storm fill the line with static . gillespie the monkey be small , black and white ... computer keys pound : kinshasa national hospital , zaire . intercut with : int . hospital ward - dr . iwabi dr . iwabi ( into phone ) a colobos monkey . the highway have chase they deeper and deeper into the jungle . but there be still a few leave . gillespie find as many as you can . smash CUT to : int . cdc war room - drew reynold on the phone . Drew reynold listen with rapt attention . gillespie ( v.o. ) ( into phone ) -- but you have to help I -- ( continued ) 114 . continued : reynold ( into phone ) -- I will do whatever they let I do ... gillespie ( v.o. ) ( desperately ) if they implement the containment plan -- reynold be angry , flustered -- terrify he worst nightmare have come a reality . reynold it 's out of my hand ! gillespie ( v.o. ) if we can find the host , we can obtain a effective antibody against the virus , and reproduce it . we can present they with a credible alternative ... reynold squeeze he tennis ball . reynold my people have be do everything humanly possible to help . gillespie ( v.o. ) Drew , robby 's infect . reynold squeeze he tennis ball tighter . computer keys pound : molalla , oregon - 14:45 ext . pre-school four and five - year- old play happily in a sandbox outside they pre-school which border the Columbia National Forest . they teacher , mrs . jeffries , carefully watch over they . betsy hide behind a nearby tree . she 's hungry and can not take she eye off the half - eat sandwich lie in the kid ' snack box . Sean be distract by a glimpse of betsy and spill he juice all over geneva . ( continued ) continued : geneva you dodohead . ( break into tear ) Mrs. jeffries , look what Sean do . sean I do not ... mean to ! mrs . jeffries ( take she by the hand ) we will clean you up right away . ( head inside ) the rest of you come in , too . 115 . all the child follow she except Sean , pout . betsy run up and start gobble a sandwich . se the monkey , then move toward she : sean hey , that 's mine ! betsy hiss . Sean , scared , run . inside sean a monkey steal my sandwich . he point to the sandbox but there 's no tra Mrs. jeffries kneel . mrs . jeffries there be no monkey in this forest , Sean . it 's okay . int . command CENTER ( 14:55 ) Dr. frankle pace nervously . dr . frankle the storm 's blowin ' up the coast faster than we think . that 's a problem . the wind 's go to hasten vector transmission and the rain 's go to absorb the gas . ( more ) a stare at ce of betsy . cut to : ( continued ) 116 . continued : dr . frankle ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , Colonel , you would have to hit the town two , three time to be sure you get everybody . the think of this trouble Ford deeply . ford what time 's that storm go to hit ? frankle waver . ford goddammnit , you get every computer in the world here , what time 's it comin ' ? dr . frankle any time before dawn you should be okay . ford then we go at midnight . computer keys pound : santa rosa , california - 17:00 ext . helipad in the pour rain , the Black Hawk carry gillespie and Salt land on the helipad next to the television station : wner . on newsroom soundstage the anchorman look grim : anchorman the governor of Oregon this morning extend the evacuation zone another five mile . int . station lobby the security guard watch the newscast : the governor of Oregon be give a press conference . ( continued ) 117 . continued : governor ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) General Ford and the Army physician have assure I there be no threat of spread of this disease at the present time . this be strictly a precautionary measure ... reporter from floor ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) why have all communication in and out of bonneville be cut off ? governor ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) there be apparently some kind of computer malfunction in that area ... the guard suddenly freeze . Salt and gillespie burst inside hold m-1l6s . inside newsroom anchorman in a related story , the Army have release the name of two man who escape from bonneville and be infect with this virus . the picture of gillespie and Salt fill the screen . suddenly there 's a ruckus o.s. and the anchorman gasp as the security guard , hand hold high , move toward the news desk . salt nobody move ! gillespie sit down beside the anchor . he shrink back as gillespie lean over , grab he lapel mike and pin it on himself . gillespie I be not infect . one of the two cameramen back away from he camera and bolt toward the door . Salt point the gun at he , but do not pull the trigger . more and more people stampede out . ( continued ) 118 . continued : salt shake it , Colonel ! gillespie talk into the camera with the red light on . gillespie we need help to find the animal carry the motaba virus . it be a small black and white monkey and it be bring to Northern California or Oregon within the last two week . if you have any information about this monkey , please call this number at the c.D.Cc. in Atlanta . he hold up a crude sign with the number " 1-800-888-0000 . " gillespie many people be go to die . this be they only chance . please ... help we ... gillespie bolt up . he and Salt run out of the newsroom . fade up police siren and -- cut to : ext . station - half-a-dozen police car pull up to the station , but -- the Black Hawk be half a mile away , run full - throttle . the officer in the lead car grab he radio . officer ( into radio ) suspect head northwest ... cut to : int . command CENTER - ford' office Ford and mcclintock watch Bernard Shaw on CNN . behind they we see the computerize map of the quarantine area . the red perimeter be within one mile of the Columbia River . the clock read : 17:12 . ( continued ) 119 . continued : bernard shaw ( v.o. ) ( on t.v ) Colonel gillespie 's action -- commandeer this news room at a California television station in order to get he message out -- raise troubling question about what be really go on inside the quarantine area . mcclintock great , now we have get the whole fuck world watch . you should have lock he up when we get here . people will be call Washington ... the President will not be able to make up he mind , and the whole fuck planet will go . outside , it 's start to sprinkle . cut to : pre -school classroom ( molalla , oregon ) empty except for Mrs. jeffries who 's clean up . a pile of painting . one be of a enormous black and white monkey tower menacingly over a little stick figure . Mrs. jeffries smile . int . pre -school office ( 17:45 ) other staff idly watch the news . Mrs. jeffries enter and grab a cup of coffee . on tv , we see the face of Mike gillespie , and we hear the tail end of he plea : gillespie ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) if you have any information about this monkey , please call ... hold on Mrs. jeffries ' face . smash CUT to : black hawk ( pouring rain ) ( 18:50 ) fly low over the redwood of Northern California . ( continued ) 120 . continued : gillespie click off the phone . Salt be dumbfounded : salt I be gonna fly into the heaviest radar surveillance on Earth on account of something that might have be see by a toddler ? gillespie we know that jimbo Scott take a animal up to bonneville to sell . this place , molalla , would be right on the way to the airport . gillespie study the map . gillespie to get back up there we be gonna haveta fly through everything the Air Force have get . be you feelin ' lucky , Captain ? salt luck be not gonna be enough . Salt push the wheel down , until the Black Hawk be just a few foot above the tall redwood tree . he veer to avoid -- a particularly tall redwood -- and miss it by inch , whack off a few of its upper branch with the rotor blade . salt ' course -- a little luck will not hurt we any . he and gillespie exchange a tense , worried glance . that be close . as the chopper skim low over the redwood -- cut to : awac plane ( at 10,000 feet ) cruise high above the cloud which now blanket the terrain below . int . awac plane Inside , the radar operator scan . they be piss . ( continued ) 121 . continued : radar operator where the hell do it go ? cut to : black hawk ( directly below on interstate 5 ) fly just thirty foot above the freeway , at the same speed as the traffic . the Black Hawk 's radar detector squawks each time the awac radar scan it , every two second . inside black hawk Salt fly anxiously . one moment of inattention could bring the Black Hawk down on top of one of the car on the freeway . salt it move like a truck , it reflect radar like a truck , but guess what ? it be not a truck . on interstate below black hawk a irate driver be watch Salt and yell into he cellular phone : irate driver that 's right , sheriff -- fly too goddamn low -- int . command CENTER ( 19:05 ) Ford hang up the phone . ford we get he ! mcclintock smile , grab he flight helmet and race -- ext . command CENTER his squadron of apaches take off . a fax machine whine o.s. int . command CENTER Ford scan the fax . ( continued ) 122 . continued : the other officer in the room grow silent as they see he face grow grim and serious . ford gentlemen , I have in my hand the final authorization to proceed , sign by the President . I know that each of we have doubt about what we be about to do . it be only human to have doubt when you be command to take the life of other human being . remember you wife , remember you child ... they will all get the disease and die if we let fear govern we heart . we be do what be right , and what the nation require of we . pan across the grim face . ford I expect each man to do he duty . I know you will not fail . cut to : black hawk ( 19:20 ) gillespie stand beside the open door aim a infrared heat - sense device down at the forest which be so thick with tree you can only rarely catch glimpsis of the forest floor . on computer monitor swirl of color -- like gas move on the surface of the sun -- diffuse across the screen . gradually , we see that one bright red band be move faster than the other . salt ( 0.s. ) the monkey ! gillespie ( 0.s. ) no , it 's move too fast . forest below a deer scurries across a clear . 123 . another angle discover betsy : only a few hundred foot away from the deer . afraid of man and he loud machine , she run deeper into the forest , hide herself under the branch of tree . gillespie pick up another swirl of red on the infra-re sense device . he point to it . gillespie Circle in . another angle OPEN wide to show the chopper move in a tight circle . betsy hearing the roar of the chopper louder and louder , scurries up a tree and try to hide . gillespie stare at the monitor . a faint red band appear in the corner of the screen , then disappear . gillespie starboard ! the chopper veer to the right and the red band glow brighter and brighter . gillespie lock ! the chopper hover , then start to descend straight down . gillespie look through binocular at : gillespie' Pov nothing but tree ... tree ... more tree ... stop ! a patch of black and white . a pair of frighten eye . betsy hiss at the terrifying monster . 124 . back to scene salt drive she down ! she fall from that height , she will bleed out . gillespie jam cartridge contain turquoise liquid into the m - 16 . he fire . the bullet land above betsy . she jump onto a lower branch . the bullet keep come . she jump onto : on ground gillespie fire . miss . the blue liquid splatter against a tree trunk . betsy catch in the open , dart toward a thick patch of tree -- safety . she 's only a step away . gillespie fire again . angle on betsy - slow motion shot betsy 's hit . she spin , grab she arm in pain , then get up . tries to make it to the next tree . go down on one knee . then the other . she reach out . cries for freedom . then collapse . as gillespie lower himself out the door -- cut to : horizon the apaches approach fast . int . chopper gillespie stow betsy in the back . Salt see the glisten light of the apaches . gillespie up! fast ! Salt yank the wheel back . the Black Hawk start climb . the apaches quickly surround it . intercut : 125 . command CENTER - lead apache on a radar screen , Ford can see gillespie 's chopper and the apaches . he and gillespie and mcclintock converse through they radio : ford give I the monkey , Mike . the Black Hawk climb higher and higher , through the thick layer of cloud , now absolutely black in the darkness of the night . gillespie if the antibody work , we would have a way to stop the epidemic by medical mean -- ford -- we have no way to produce they in quantity -- gillespie -- Dr. iwabi -- ford there 's no time for that now . in the lead Apache , sniper lean out the window . they telescopic sight lock on gillespie and Salt . mcclintock give I a order to fire , sir . we do not need the monkey . gillespie you do . because if you fail to contain the virus , you be go to be racing to synthesize a antiserum . how long do it take you to do the last one ? a year ? two year ? five ? Ford 's tear . gillespie if the monkey 's antibody be effective , you could use it as a template . maybe you could save Europe . Ford hesitates . mcclintock Sir , let I -- the Black Hawk blast through the cloud cover and emerge : 126 . above cloud - night a full moon illuminate the Black Hawk . the apaches burst through the cloud , too . int . black hawk gillespie Fire away ! nothing 's go to survive the crash . angle on ford a long beat . gillespie 's get he . ford you have get until midnight , Mike . cut to : forest surrounding town the forest look dark and primeval in the damp night . the sound of bird call and cricket chirping can be hear in the background . this be what a biological meltdown look like -- nothing at all . then suddenly a deer drop to its knee , stricken with the motaba virus . it struggle to rise , but fail . the deer keel over , barely breathe . cut to : outside quarantine perimeter - staging area large canister of deadly nerve gas be load onto chinook helicopter . the canister be clearly mark with the skull - and -crossbone for " poison " and big red " caution ! " label . cut to : hospital heliport - black hawk settling down . cut to : 127 . hospital lab tube run from betsy to a blood separator as Salt work feverishly to separate the antibody out . as the centrifuge spin faster and faster -- cut to : hospital corridor - gillespie move rapidly past the patient ' till he get to : izzy's room gillespie 's alarmed . izzy look terrible , he voice a whisper : izzy berman Mike ... I know you never like my name . gillespie what ? izzy berman my nickname -- izzy . you never really like it . gillespie I like it all right . izzy ( smile ) it 's okay , ' cause from now on you can call I Hurricane . gillespie ( smile ) I like it . izzy good , ' cause I be give you a new name , too . guess what it be ? izzy 's lip go dusky , he breathe only short gasp . gillespie tell I . izzy guess . gillespie 's voice break : ( continued ) 128 . continued : gillespie I can not . izzy 's dead . tear stream down gillespie 's cheek . cut to : robby's room she 's lie in a bed , she face flush with fever , she skin cover with the rash . she 's just barely conscious enough to see he at the door , watch she . robby I be scared . so scared . he come toward she . robby no false hope . no game . gillespie you can not give up . robby just be with I . he cup she hand in he glove hand . robby how 's izzy ? gillespie he 's gonna be okay . you be both go to be okay . her eye start to close . gillespie , horrify , shake she : gillespie stay with I ! fight ! she half open she eye , she voice a murmur . robby hold ... I . he put he arm around she . scream into helmet radio : gillespie Salt , where the hell be you ? Salt , answer I ! ( continued ) 129 . continued : no response . a long beat . then gillespie ... with more tenderness than we have ever see : gillespie remember the first time we make love ? in France . behind the haystack . and we be so worried that the little boy on the bicycle might see we . she smile , remember . gillespie I never feel anything except with you , robby . I be so stupid to let it slip away . she close she eye . a cry of anguish : gillespie Salt ! beat . then Salt appear in the doorway hold a large plastic bag of betsy 's antiserum . gillespie connect it to robby 's iv and the brown fluid flow into robby . gillespie sit down beside she . a long beat . then he do : something crazy . he remove the glove from he biosafety suit so that he own bare hand can touch robby 's skin . he touch she face gently . hold on gillespie , sit beside he wife 's bed , hold she hand . ext . quarantine perimeter - night massive chinook helicopter rumble over the staging area , load down by the weight of the nerve gas they carry in they belly and the spray rig which protrude on both side of the fuselage . cut to : robby's room the wall clock declare 11:30 . robby 's still comatose . gillespie I be wrong . the antiserum do not work . ( continued ) 130 . continued : Salt share he despair . a long beat . gillespie hand Salt a paper . gillespie take this . a sign declaration by I that at all time you be follow my order -- now get out of here . salt -- no , sir . gillespie 's move : gillespie you will be the only person leave alive who know the truth -- salt -- but , sir -- gillespie -- you will leave ! you will not disobey a order . salt ( very emotionally ) yes , sir . montage - ext . command CENTER - night ( 23:45 ) a ) B ) c ) D ) E ) in the pour rain , Ford survey the vast machine he 's assemble : Soldiers in chemwar gear pile box of body bag into truck . tractor driver rev they engine and thunder forward to the front line of chinook carry the poison gas . corpsman check they watch and flash they signal light . the chinook thunder into the air . ford all the part move with such precision he should be proud . but he 's deeply troubled . he move : 131 . int . command CENTER buz with activity . Dr. frankle and mcclintock stand beside the computerize map of the quarantine area which show the red perimeter be within a half mile of the Columbia River . the clock read 23:47 . the radio crackle with a Louisiana drawl from the squadron Commander of the nerve gas team ; we will know he as sandman one . sandman one ( v.o. ) General , we get a problem . it 's rainin ' pitchfork up heah . the damn rain will dilute it down , barely be strong enough to kill a cat . frankle 's troubled too : dr . frankle he 's right . Ford agonize . ford to implement the plan and to kill only a portion of the population ... that would cause great harm and solve nothing . mcclintock Sir !! the nerve gas rapidly lose its potency after it 's mix . the chopper have get enough to make two run . the virus be a quarter mile from the river . you have get to go forward . Ford waver . he grab the radio mike : ford stand down !! return you squadron to base and stand down until you receive further order . sandman one ( v.o. ) acknowledge . return to base . Ford move into : he private office a highly secure area , sound - proofed for top - secret commu - nication . mcclintock follow he in and slam the door shut . they be completely alone . ( continued ) 132 . continued : mcclintock how be you go to stop the virus from reach the river ? ford napalm everything from the town outward . mcclintock in the rain , the napalm will burn unevenly . ford I will take that chance . mcclintock the virus will escape and we will have to use nuclear weapon to sterlize the area . ford I give you my order . beat . then quietly : mcclintock let 's say the antiserum do work , General . you would bus out the people , move ‘em somewhere , and treat them . and with luck some of they would live . but it 's not go to work and in the meantime you do not understand what you have do . ford I understand perfectly . mcclintock no , you do not . we can not fool the media forever . they will ask question ... there will be inquiry ... what we do be important . what we do be right , sir . a long beat . Ford know he 's ruin either way he turn . mcclintock 's despair be deep and profound . Ford feel sorry for he , but : ( continued ) 133 . continued : ford I be sorry , but my decision stand . if there be any hope of avoid this horrible contingency , I have get to ... mcclintock have slowly draw he belt out of he trousers . he quickly throw it around Ford 's neck , cross it , and pull violently on the two end . Ford kick and struggle , but he 's no match for mcclintock 's strength . mcclintock I be relieving you of command on the basis of cowardice in the face of a national emergency . Ford 's dead . mcclintock lay he out on the floor . open the door and scream into the main room . mcclintock help ! he start do cpr as aide rush in . mcclintock call the medic quickly . the General 's have a heart attack . one aide grab the phone and call the medic . two more take over cpr . mcclintock straighten he shirt and move back into : int . MAIN room mcclintock I be assume command under the authority of the Secretary of Defense . pan around the room : face of uncertainty and fear . mcclintock grab the radio mike : mcclintock sandman one , this be General mcclintock . you be to proceed with nerve gas dispersal . you will make two run . int . lead chopper - on sandman one he share a look of concern with he co-pilot . 134 . back to command CENTER a long beat . then : sandman one ( v.o. ) yes , sir . cut to : ext . command CENTER Salt drive up in a Jeep . immediately he 's surround by mp 's , and take into custody . smash CUT to : int . robby's room gillespie stare out the window at the rain . just visible in the distance : the blue and red light of the approach chinook . he move back toward robby , still comatose . the bag of betsy 's antiserum be empty . he reach for robby 's hand . her finger twitches . beat . her eye open . cut to : nursing station gillespie grab one phone . the line 's dead . he grab another . Dead . he throw it aside . race to the window . the chopper ' light burn brighter . gillespie stop ! but nobody 's listen . he run down the hall scream . cut to : int . command CENTER sandman one ( v.o. ) General mcclintock , we be ready to commence phase one . mcclintock proceed . 135 . close on young major agonizing . he leave he post . young major Sir , General Ford order -- mcclintock sit down , Major , or I will have you arrest . the Young Major hesitates . mcclintock draw he pistol . Salt enter , escort by two mp 's . the mp 's survey the situation , with the General face off against a young Major . what the hell be go on ? ext . hospital heliport - gillespie race for the Black Hawk . throw the door open and grab the radio . a beat , then it flicker to life . CUT back to : int . command CENTER gillespie 's voice ring out over the radio : gillespie ( v.o. ) stop ! the antiserum work . mcclintock turn it off ! the radioman hesitates . intercut sandman one in he chopper . gillespie ( v.o. ) this be Colonel gillespie . and I be order you ... begging you ... to stop . we can save this people . mcclintock punch off the radio . on face of officer in the room , waver . ( continued ) 136 . continued : salt you do this , every night for the rest of you life you will wake up scream . intercut sandman one . a long beat . sandman one this be sandman one ... we be return to base . mcclintock ( into radio ) you will be shot for dereliction of duty in a national crisis . do you understand ? sandman one do not answer . mcclintock turn to the Young Major . mcclintock order he to proceed . the Young Major hesitates . mcclintock point the gun at he head . the Young Major tremble , but shake he head " no . " salt no ! mcclintock turn the gun to Salt . young major no , sir ... please . mcclintock I cannot allow a catastrophe to occur -- he put the pistol into he own mouth and pull the trigger . Dead silence . then : salt ( to the Young Major ) as the rank officer , you be in command ... ( punch on the radio ) until -- 137 . at black hawk gillespie have hear this entire action on the radio . salt ( v.o. ) Colonel gillespie get here . gillespie pull he coat up over he head to shield himself from the drive rain and begin to run toward the quarantine perimeter . dissolve to : ext . bonneville general hospital - night ( 03:00 ) the rain have stop , as if for a brief moment man 's battle with nature have be suspend . bus load with the townspeople of bonneville pass by . we recognize the Police Chief , Tommy hull ' wife and child , sherry templeton 's kid . all the window and door of the bus have be seal with tape . track past betsy be load into the back of a van to : gillespie push robby on she gurney into a Army truck . he seal the back tight with tape . then climb inside : cab Salt turn the key and the engine roar to life . cut to : ext . columbia river - night ( 03:10 ) eerie silence . a plane cruise over the forest on the bonneville side . a waxy grey cloud fill the air . one second . two second . the forest erupt in a wall of fire . CUT back to : convoy of truck and buse head out of town . the fire burn in the b.g . as the end of the convoy leave the town , plane roar by . as they drop a waxy grey cloud over the town of bonneville -- dissolve to : 138 . ext . desert - day a c-5a transport glide to a landing on a runway carve out of the desert . wait anxiously for the plane to disembark : wally , Mike , and robby , in a wheelchair . they move forward to greet the small African man who emerge from the plane . Dr. iwabi smile and quicken he pace . the cargo hold door open to reveal cage after cage of colobos monkey . SHOCK CUT to : black screen computer keys pound ; the letter leap across the screen : November 21 -- the cdc announce that no evidence of aquatic spread of the motaba virus have ever be obtain , and that its intensive monitoring of the Columbia River would be scale back . March 14 -- researcher at the University of San Francisco announce the production of the first synthetic antibody effective against the mutate motaba bonneville strain . mass production of the antibody begin four week later at the cdc and at the military Disease Institute . May 12 -- Dr. roberta keough and General Michael gillespie be marry for the second time . roll credit and -- SHOCK CUT to : ext . dugway ( utah ) - dusk a gila monster hunt for prey , its eye darting back and forth , its tongue twitching hungrily . it move past : the barb - wire fence emblazon with the sign warning : " U.S. military property : trespassing strictly prohibited . " behind the fence the duplex be dark and abandon . the gila monster catch a fly and disappear into the night . fade out . the end