overlord written by billy Ray bad robot paramount picture producer - j.j. abram July 23 , 2013 fade in ... on a 16 mm . film projector , circa 1944 . we be : int . field tent - location unknown - evening ( JUNE , 1944 ) US army major furniss man the projector as he brief 100 uniformed men - sergeant , lieutenant - in a field tent : major furniss gentlemen . the footage you be about to see be intercept on its way to Berlin , intend for himmler . Command be give it high priority . Film feed through the projector , then on to a screen -- on the screen - we see a large lab , location unknown . facing the camera mos be doctor hugo bruel : 50 , beam proudly . major furniss ( cont 'd ) the doctor and he subject be unknown . g-2 believe the lab be somewhere in normandy . on the screen - behind bruel be a row of naked human subject on hospital beds . bruel , syringe in hand , approach one -- reverse to furniss ' men - watch ... as something on the screen shock they . we drift along the row in this tent , face after face - american soldier , aghast , sicken . then : we land on sergeant guy rensin . he 's a jumpmaster , leather - tough , unflappable . but even he be tightening as he watch that screen - have to swallow hard to keep from gag . major furniss ( cont 'd ) you man need not know about this ; liberate France be burden enough . but if you find that lab tonight , Command want it and all of its asset seize , include the Doctor . we push in on rensin - disgust on he face - as : major furniss ( cont 'd ) his " experiment " could damn well mean we lose this war . and maybe the free world . the 16 mm. film run out . rensin nod soberly . we CUT to : darkness . silence . a uncomfortable stillness ... then the sound of boot on gravel - as we smash to : ext . airfield - devonshire , england - night ( JUNE , 1944 ) american boy , paratrooper of the 82nd airborne , head for death itself - eye down , throat tight , no one talk - as they be herde toward idling C - 47 's on a English airstrip . sgt . rensin now stand at the cargo door of one of the C - 47' . on its nose be a draw of a Betty grable body and the word " my gal Val " . rensin bark at we : jumpmaster rensin let 's move ! let 's move ! keep up with you stick ! super : " slapton Sands , uppottery England . June 5 , 1944 " thousand of soldier march toward hundred of plane . untested young man , here to save Europe from the Nazis - among they we find pfc . ed boyce . he 's 24 . and terrify . boyce be from Des Moines , use to be a mechanic ; he faith in God run bone - deep . but he 's just a boy , and he know it . his face charcoal black , he breath shallow , he keep pace with he " stick " - the 18 guy he will be jump with - each bear 120 pound of gear . it 's nearly midnight . they pass by british soldier of a anti - aircraft battery who salute - a few of they cry ; that get boyce 's attention . he and he stick reach rensin at the cargo door of that C - 47 . every paratrooper need to be push into the plane by fellow soldier ( the gear they carry be that heavy . ) jumpmaster rensin ( cont 'd ) in! in! in! let 's go ! we be drop in on herr Hitler this evening ! boyce arrive at the cargo door . the soldier who just climb aboard in front of he turn with a confident grin : ford need a hand , Ed ? meet cpl . lewis ford , offer he hand as if he be help we onto a trolley on Main Street . Ford be 27 , from Brooklyn , matinee - idol handsome , unshakable - even now . boyce thanks , lew . Ford be boyce 's idol , since Basic . boyce take he hand . Ford pull . two Soldiers behind boyce push . then : int . C - 47 - fuselage - continuing ( night ) boyce take he seat on a bench lining the fuselage wall - among a dozen silent paratrooper , so wedge in that nobody can move , each man bear that same 120 pound of gear : they carry grenade , mine , rifle , .45' , tnt , bayonet , ration , main and emergency parachute , musette bag . Ford , beside boyce , check boyce 's gear . boyce pale with fear . ford you okay ? boyce yeah . ford hey . this be what we come here for . ( be : boyce 's gear ) you be good . I ? boyce check Ford 's gear - include the detonator on Ford 's belt - but they both know he 's good to go . more paratrooper board . Ford casually tap the shoulder of pfc . julian rosenfeld ( from oak Park , Illinois ) . ford ( cont 'd ) rosenfeld . cigarettes for chocolate ? rosenfeld ponder it ... as pfc tyler grieb look on , amused . grieb Ford , you must love chocolate . ford it 's to win over the local . ( to rosenfeld : ) deal ? rosenfeld sure . done - cigarettes for chocolate . boyce eye they with wonder : '' how can you be so nonchalant ?! we be about to die . " then -- a medic stumble clumsily aboard , he helmet fall off . this be d.f. grunauer . he grab the helmet , find a seat ... well aware that he 's be stare at . by everyone . pfc . pete gurkin ( 23 , from Houston ) eye grunauer ... then : gurkin what happen to Briggs ? grunauer he fall outside the px , break he ankle . so they reassign I . name 's d.f. grunauer . no one 's say , " welcome aboard ! " so Ford extend a hand : ford lew Ford . boyce Ed boyce . grunauer shake they hand , gratefully . but private lyle tibbet , ( 24 , from Cincinnati , a asshole ) , chime in : tibbet hold it , hold it . we be jumpin ' with a medic from the jv team ? ford it 's okay . just do not get shot . some tight laugh , even from grunauer . the whole stick be aboard now . jumpmaster rensin climb in - shouting : jumpmaster rensin in you seat , lady . grunauer what 's we target , sarge ? jumpmaster rensin radio-jamming tower on top of a church in cielblanc . gotta knock it down so we plane can give air cover to the invasion force comin ' off the beach . Command want it destroy by 0-900 . .»+.- as Ford pull a silk map from he coat , show grunauer the beach of normandy ... omaha , juno ... lead to road 13... lead to a tiny dot : the village of cielblanc -- pfc . daw figure the Nazis would put it on top of a church . godless bastard . they outlaw Christmas , ya know . that 's morton daw , from Portland . boyce shake he head . jumpmaster rensin that tower be the lynchpin of the jerries ' local air-defense . if it ( more ) jumpmaster rensin ( cont 'd ) be not down by the time we airstrike begin at 0 - 900 , the result be gonna be a lot of lose plane and dead g.i. 's never makin ' it off that beach . we can expect it to be defend aggressively . understood ? ( no one speak ... ) synchronize you watch . it 's exactly midnight on my mark ... Mark . every paratrooper just synchronize he watch ... jumpmaster rensin ( cont ’d ) gurkin , grieb - you get you explosive ? gurkin / grieb yes , sergeant ! jumpmaster rensin Ford ! you get you detonator ? ford yes , sergeant ! jumpmaster rensin rosenfeld ! you get the spare ? rosenfeld yes , sergeant ! jumpmaster rensin keep a tight grip on it , rosenfeld . pfc . daw yeah , pretend it 's you pecker . daw and rosenfeld be pal . so rosenfeld chuckle , as : rosenfeld if you would not mind , I be tryin ' to win a war here . jumpmaster rensin lemme hear you cricket . the guy pull dime - store metal cricket from they trousers — testing they out : click - clack , click -clack . jumpmaster rensin ( cont 'd ) everybody know the checkword ? the guy nod . rensin hand out a pill to each guy . jumpmaster rensin ( cont 'd ) this be for air-sickness . take them . the man look throw , but they do as tell - except for Ford , who crush he pill under he boot - unseen by rensin . boyce you be not gonna take it ? ford they make you sleepy . you wanna sleep through this ? boyce the truth ? Ford smile fondly . rensin pull a memo from he jacket : jumpmaster rensin from General eisenhower : " Soldiers , sailor , and airmen of the ally Expeditionary Force ! you be about to embark upon operation overlord , the great crusade toward which we have striven this many month . the eye of the world be upon you . good luck ! and let we beseech the bless of almighty God upon this great and noble undertake . " that land on the somber face in here ... as the C - 47 lurch forward , bounce noisily . taxi ... boyce lower he head in prayer , he eye shut tight ( several of the man in here do likewise ) . Ford regards he , then : ford send up a extra one for I , will ya Ed ? so I be cover ? ext . airstrip - above the C - 47 - continuing ( night ) we look down on the plane as it taxi , engine roaring . it come to a stop , third in line for take - off . int . C - 47 - fuselage - resuming engine noise fill the air . the bench beneath we shake as the plane in front of we take off . boyce keep praying . Ford pull a grease pencil from he trousers , lean forward , and write something on the fuselage floor - as this bulky beast begin to move again , accelerate down the runway . most of the paratrooper be praying now . we bounce around , catch glimpsis of pfc . chase , gurkin , and rosenfeld : pfc . chase God , just let I hit the ground safely . I will take it from there . gurkin Lord , thy will be do , but if I be to die tonight , please let I die like a man . rosenfeld I will be home soon , ma. everything rumbling , bounce , every paratrooper tight . we land on boyce , as he eye open ... and he see what Ford just write on the floor of this fuselage : " 82nd airborne . we come to liberate France . June 5 , 1944 . " boyce amen . the C - 47 hit lift - off speed . boyce petrify . Ford 's a rock . the C - 47 lift off . loud and clunky . Men rock back . on each face : " this be it - not a training run . the german Army 's wait out there . " the C - 47 's wall now feel like paper . boyce ( cont 'd ) think it 's time we make we swap . ford yeah , okay . boyce pull a bulky envelope from he jacket , address to " Mr. & Mrs. irvin boyce " with a address in Des Moines . ( the plane be rise now - 50 foot , 100 foot , 200 foot - loudly . ) Ford pull out a bulky envelope that read " Mrs. Arthur Ford , " with a address in Brooklyn . they exchange envelope . boyce threw my class ring in there , figure they would want it . you ? ford my Old man 's lighter . Promised my mar she would get it back in one piece . boyce nod . Ford look around ... at the face inside this plane - young boy scared out of they wit , grim as hell . it offend he , for reason he can not even articulate . so : ford ( cont 'd ) ya know what ? Hell with this . he grab he own envelope back from boyce , and hand the other envelope back to boyce . ford ( cont 'd ) nobody 's dyin ' tonight . I will not have it . that 's that . the C - 47 climb noisily , as : ext . C - 47 - above the airfield - continuing ( night ) " my gal Val " take its place in a armada , fill the English sky : 432 plane in a v-of - v's-formation , tightly bunched , occupy 300 mile of airspace . we CUT to : int . C - 47 - fuselage - flying - later night cold and drafty in here . some guy sleep ; most just stare . boyce where ya from , grunauer ? grunauer Miami . you ? boyce Des Moines , Iowa . grunauer oh yeah ? you a farmer ? Ford chuckle every time boyce have to answer that . boyce no. worked at a fill station . ford " biggest one in all Des Moines . " tell he , Ed ; it 's practically a landmark . boyce darn right . what 's d.f. stand for ? grunauer hesitates . he 's take a lot of shit for he name . grunauer ... derwin france . a few guy snicker , grunauer tightening - so : ford coulda be worse . coulda stand for '' Der fuhrer . " grunauer laugh , Ford keep it all light . boyce I get a cousin in Miami . he -- tibbet hey , boyce . why you always chattin ' everybody up all the time ? this be not a cruise-ship . Ford 's reaction be instant : the iciest glare of all time : do not mess with boyce or you be mess with I . it land - tibbet instantly retreate : tibbet ( cont 'd ) Chat away . see if I give a damn . Ford be the Alpha in this stick . silence hover ... until : pfc . daw hey . look at that : daw just see something , out the cargo door ( it 's open ) . a sight that take everybody 's breath away : 1,000 foot below we . the English Channel . alive with wake . ... because there be 6,000 armed vessel sailing across it . this be the d-day invasion fleet , the great ( and large ) amphibious force ever assemble . destroyer , gunboat , troop transport - blankete the channel . and we see awe on the face in here - a sense of be a part of something massive and historic . pride too . daw look out , Hitler ! ford Hitler 's dead . ( everybody turn ... ) he just do not know it yet . that sum it up . the man nod , encourage . jumpmaster rensin we be gonna be the first g.i. 's on european soil since this dust - up begin - so let 's make a impression . ( more ) 10 . jumpmaster rensin ( cont 'd ) no prisoner . you see anything german you fire on it . rosenfeld happy to . ford ( as if make a note : ) " Fire at Germans . " get it . jumpmaster rensin Ford ... ford yes , sarge ? jumpmaster rensin anything happen to I tonight , you will be in command . I expect you to keep you temper in check . ford sure thing , sarge - long as nobody tick I off . rensin breathes out a laugh . jumpmaster rensin just make sure that tower come down . Ford nod soberly . then , that fast , everything go gray . we just plunge into a cloud . Gray all around we , like be in a vaccuum . the man tighten , anxiety dron . then , new sound , in the distance . deep thud and the crackle of tracer - FIRE , which mean we be crossing over the french border , where the Germans be . and they have be wait : ext . C - 47 - flying - continuing ( night ) the C - 47 now plod into searchlight beam from german anti - aircraft batteries on the ground . that fast , 20 mm . shell go shriek into the sky , right at we . int . C - 47 - fuselage - flying - resuming boom . boom . shell explode right outside this craft , jolting the beast back and forth . it creak , it whine . the man keep they eye down . boyce too . no one talk . jumpmaster rensin just a little chop , lady ! Jerry say hello , nothin ' to write home ( more ) 11 . jumpmaster rensin ( cont 'd ) about . we sit tight until the jump - light go on . he 's point to the light above the cargo - BAY door . one 's red , the other 's green . both be off now . boyce eye they . ford we stick together , awright ? boyce you will not hafta look to find I . int . C - 47 - cockpit - flying - same lt . dave mckean , we pilot , look right and leave - can not see anything but gray . neither can he CO - pilot or navigator . we be shudder , bounce , like fly inside a blender . then a brilliant , horrible blast turn everything white . it 's flak from that german battery , explode all around we now . burst of it erupt outside the cockpit window , jarring we badly . the C - 47 shudder ; noise fill the sky . everything just ratchete up in a hurry . mckean panic : lt . mckean what 's we time to drop-zone ?! navigator ( lt . galley ) I do not know , skip ! I can not get a fix ! on the dash be a button , the jump - light . it 's get three setting : off , red , and GREEN . mckean eye it ... then : lt . mckean I be break formation . he descend 100 foot in a hurry and yoke to the leave , away ( presumably ) from the other plane in the V. int . C - 47 - fuselage - flying - resuming the beast jerk to the leave - send every man tumble . sound and fury shaking this crate like a toy , everyone 's stomach drop in the rapid descent . then we level out ... and 18 terrified guy stare at the jump - light over the door . we can not see any other plane in we V , but we can hear they take hit . the C - 47 bounce violently , creak in protest . then another sound - like rock shake inside a tin can : 12 . it 's 40 mm . fire from below - blue , GREEN , and red tracers lighting up the sky . lethal whizzing sound , everywhere . then 88mm . shell start explode . bah - boom . death itself . each explosion concussive , jolting we : bah - boom . bah - boom . no one on this plane believe we be go to survive . Ford can see that in the tense face , the white knuckle . so he do what leader do - raise he voice , and : ford guy , tell I something . on the level . ' Cause I do not know if I be gonna get another chance to ask . every head turn . he look troubled , serious ... until : ford ( cont 'd ) ( be : he front parachute ) do this make I look fat ? laughter erupt , big-time . tension break , just like that . boyce eye Ford with awe . then : -- suddenly , tat - tat - tat : bullet from the machine - gun on the ground pierce we fuselage from below . pfc rix ( hold a flamethrower ) be hit in the rump ; he fall forward , howling . .-.as the red jump -light above the cargo door pop on . and : jumpmaster rensin on you foot ! stand up and hook up ! the man bounce up and hook the line from they chute to the anchor line run along the ceiling of the fuselage , form a line that stretch back from the cargo - bay door . we hear they call out , " eighteen okay ! " " seventeen okay ! " " sixteen okay ! " ... as more flak explode , knock guy over . Ford keep boyce from fall as they approach the jump-line . then a huge burst knock we sideways . Ford fall forward . a second burst hit we right - wing engine ; it die , belching smoke . the C - 47 lurch violently to the right . more flak . more 40 mm. fire from below . Metal whizzing around we . it 's like a goddamn shoot gallery in here -- ford you hit ?! boyce no! 13 . ford get to the line ! boyce hook himself to the anchor - line , fifth from the door . above it , that jump - light remain red , the sky now a curtain of exploding flak . grieb , at the bay-door , stare , shaking . jumpmaster rensin in line ! in line ! grieb sarge , there 's nowhere to jump ! jumpmaster rensin in line ! every man ! we jump on GREEN ! everybody stare at that red light , and the death out there . rosenfeld ( to daw ) promise I , okay ? if it look like I be about to be capture , put a bullet in my back . daw why would I do that ? rosenfeld I would rather not find out how Nazis treat prisoner name rosenfeld . daw you be assume we be gonna survive the jump . but rosenfeld 's look say , " I be not kid . " daw nod , a solemn promise - as Ford hook up to the anchor line . int . C - 47 - cockpit - flying - resuming we emerge from cloud at 150 m.p.h. , with the sky on FIRE . mckean , struggle with one work engine , reach for the jump - light switch , the GREEN set . then , a horrible thump , on mckean 's leave . he look out the window - and see something that make he blanch . lt . mckean good Christ ... int . C - 47 - fuselage - flying - resuming jumpmaster rensin and grieb be now stare at the same thing that mckean just see ... and it 's awful : 14 . there Pov : the left wing - now drape by a parachute . .-- still attach to a paratrooper . poor guy must have jump from a plane above we . Dead now , he body buck in we prop - wash , foule by the line of he chute . horrible . grieb gag . boyce , fifth in line from the door , just stare , horrify . but rensin gather himself , face he man , and : jumpmaster rensin when you hit the ground , use you cricket to find the rest of you stick ! checkword : " flash , " " thunder , " " welcome . " anybody do not answer back , you FIRE ! we be gonna be south of we target ! use you map and compass - but get to that church and take out that goddamn tower ! it -- then he 's gone - eviscerate mid-word by exploding flak . a huge boom right outside the cargo door - blow a hole in we flank and take rensin and grieb with it . boyce 's eye go wide . there 's no red light to watch anymore ; the cargo door be now a gape hole . everyone shocked . and -- another hit - we left engine now - it sputter , die . and we start to dive . sinking like a safe ... Ford act quickly , unhook himself from the jump - line and : ford everybody out ! go go go ! he push guy out the door : daw , tibbet , rosenfeld , chase ; this be pure unrehearse bravery . grunauer , up next , stumble to the floor . Ford roll he out the door . next up be boyce - he hesitates , petrify . ford ( cont 'd ) go! go ! boyce go ... but first he grab Ford and pull he out too -- they fall into the night ; a blast of air smack they , yanking boyce 's chute open . the jolt rip Ford from boyce 's grasp as : a huge explosion above US . we C - 47 just disintegrated . boyce be suddenly alone , mid-air . death everywhere . piece of there plane now fall beside he - burn metal . a disaster ... 15 . ext . sky - falling - continuing ( night ) boyce 's eye dart , try to orient himself . look for Ford or other chute as he plummet amid smoke , noise , terror .. explode flak , bullet whistling by , a wall of tracer fire to he leave . where be Ford 's goddamn chute ? the fuzzy outline of land below . it crystallize as it rush up to meet we . boyce brace himself for a thud . instead , a so splash . and he vanish , just like that , in : ext . merderet river - continuing ( night ) water . he have fall into a river . it swallow he whole . int . under water - continuing ( night ) he open he eye , shocked . load with gear , foule by he line . I be go to drow . Holy Hell . I need air ! he feel for the river bed beneath he foot . there it be . he coil he leg , spring up . above he be the surface . his head breach for half a second , under he chute . he gulp in a breath , then sink like a stone again . under water , he reach for he trench knife . grab it -- and fumble it . shit ! it sink , fast . he drop down after it , hit bottom , search and fumble amidst river silt . no light down here at all - grasp urgently , blindly . .-- but he find it , hold on tight , push himself up again . ..- another steal gasp of air . then down again . he start saw away at the strap of he chute -harness . he cut through one , then the other , cut he musette bag loose , drop he mine , and - buoyant now - bounce up again . ext . riverbank —- continuing ( night ) his head clear the surface , then he chest . he drag himself onto the riverbank . drenched , gasp . -- do not see anyone . but he can hear gunfire in the wood . overhead he see C - 47' , most of they labor , some of they smoking . parachute in the distance . he get to he foot . jump-cut : he assemble he rifle . check he ammo , grenade , compass ( north , go north ) . then he rise - and move toward : 16 . ext . soggy pasture - moving - continuing ( night ) he stay low - wet grass underfoot , gunfire in the distance . from he pants he extract that dime - store metal cricket . he chirp it twice . click -clack . click -clack . no one reply . up ahead , he see a billow of white against the dull earth : another chute . please be lew . he head toward it while chirp that cricket again . no reply . two more try . again nothing . his hand squeeze he rifle tighter . he get to the chute ; there 's a shape under it . a body ? he pull the chute away . a paratrooper lie here , face down . boyce brace himself , turn the body over ... it 's daw - eye close . boyce shake he : boyce daw . daw ! you okay ? daw ' eye open . disorient - but instantly on mission : daw where 's rosenfeld ? you get he ? boyce no . be you hurt ? daw no. head 's ringing a little . boyce let 's go . we gotta find everybody . they move north , slowly , along the wet grass , chirp they metal cricket . in the night we hear repeated burst of gunfire , mini-battle flaring up all through the wood . ...- stay low , everything tense , click they cricket . then they hear another cricket chirp back . they pause . boyce ( cont ’d ) flash . unseen g.i. ( tibbet ) Thunder . boyce welcome . tibbet emerge from behind a tree , relieved to see they . 17 . boyce ( cont 'd ) tibbet . ya see anybody else ? tibbet no . how many of we make it out ? boyce I do not know . tibbet Christ . do gurkin make it ? he have the explosive . boyce I do not know . do not see he . tibbet where 's Ford ? think you two be join at the hip . daw do not be a asshole , tibbet . more gunfire in the distance . above US a stricken c-47 suddenly fall from the sky , on fire - right at we . tibbet hit it ! boyce , daw , and tibbet hit the dirt , cover they head . the flaming C - 47 crash behind they , exploding on impact . there 's nothing leave of it . good God . but it throw enough firelight to show we a parachute stick in a nearby tree that stand along a country lane , road 13 . the guy get to they foot and head for that tree . gunfire echoe in the distance . they cross over Road 13 , to : ext . road 13 - tree - continuing ( night ) they look up at the parachute stick in its upper branch - and a pair of legs dangle . boyce whisper loudly : boyce flash . ford ( 0.s. ) Thunder ! wait . that 's Ford 's voice . they look up : boyce lew ! 18 . yep . it 's Ford , stick in this tree , 20 foot up , he leave arm pin at a odd angle by all he gear . he can not move it . ford ed. Jesus . can someone get I down ? my arm 's pin . boyce ( start climb ) yeah . just hang on . tibbet do the detonator get bang up ? ford it 's fine . I be fine too , by the way . tibbet make it fast - awright , boyce ? boyce climb , he head on a swivel - feel awfully visible , but that 's he buddy up there ... more gunfire in the night . boyce keep climb . he 's 15 foot off the ground , when : ford Ed ! boyce turn - and it happen in a flash : two wehrmacht soldier appear from the road . boyce , cling to that tree , grab at he rifle . it fall . ++.- jjjust as the Germans start fire . but -- Ford , suspend 20 feet in the air , draw he sidearm with he right hand and fire - two shot . and the Germans fall , both of they . just like that . Dead . boyce do not move at first . it still feel unreal ... then : ford ( cont 'd ) aw Christ ... boyce look down . daw be dead . head -shot . tibbet stand beside the body - unharme but badly shake . ford ( cont 'd ) you okay , tibbet ? ( tibbet half - nod ) Ed , get up here and cut I loose before anybody else drop by . gotta take that tower out . 19 . boyce start climb again , so disappointed in himself . ext . top of the tree - continuing ( night ) boyce arrive at the top , Ford calm and ever-vigilant . boyce good shoot . ford Dumb luck . get I outta here . boyce take out he knife , saw at the chute line . boyce I could not get to my rifle . ya get a grip on that branch ? ford yeah . boyce ' Kay . here go . boyce cut another line , freeing Ford ... but Ford do not have a good grip on the branch - and he fall , straight down . boyce ( cont 'd ) lew ! boyce catch he , Ford slamm into the tree . the impact cause something to shake from he belt - that detonator . it 's dense metal , canteen -size , fall like a anvil toward tibbet who be kneel over daw to remove daw ' dog-tag . ford / boyce head up ! tibbet move just in time , the detonator land beside he . tibbet goddammit ! boyce and Ford trade a look - two g.i. 's , hang on - in the middle of the forest in the middle of the night in the middle of a war . Ford calmly reach for the tree-trunk . ..- and shimmy down . boyce follow , speechless as ever at Ford 's unflappable calm . they reach the ground . ext . road 13 - tree - resuming ( night ) daw lie at they foot . 20 foot away lie the two Germans . 20 . the air above crackle with tracer fire , flak , die C - 47' . Ford eye that detonator , put it back on he belt . ford good as new . tibbet almost take my damn head off . ford yeah , that woulda be a shame . tibbet do not reply . Ford take daw ' grenade and ammo and unfold he silk map again . ford ( cont 'd ) like to know where the hell we be . boyce sarge say we be south of the -- suddenly , boyce freeze - more footstep coming . fainter . lighter . just one person now . but he 's come right this way . Ford , boyce , and tibbet hit the dirt - keep they head up and rifle ready . Silent ... wait ... the footstep get closer ... closer ... hand push some branch aside - 20 foot from here ... revealing : a girl of 19 , come from the road . this be chloe laurent . she 's french , lovely , but harden by war and loss - terror too . the g.i. 's stay low , invisible to she , as : she stop beside a nearby tree , where we now see a animal trap , a dead squirrel inside . Chloe open the trap - it 's heavy , rusty , but she 's strong . she put the squirrel carcass in a satchel , reset the trap . then she spot the dead german , and move toward they ... with we guy watch , she start rifling through they pocket . that fast she 's take pistol , ammo , glove , scarve , ring , mess-kit . Chloe 's a scavenger . Ford and boyce silently eye one another ... then Chloe freeze - just hear something . she turn . ...to find three rifle point at she . her hand go up . 21 . ford allemagne ? chloe ( french , subtitled ) non ! non ! je suis -- the g.i. 's get to they foot . they're american . that change everything . she exclaim , in accented english : chloe ( cont 'd ) you be here ! my God ! that fast she start sobbing , hard , as if she would be freed from dachau . she rush over to hug they . Ford step back ... ford where be we ? ( Chloe keep sobbing ) where be we ? chloe ( through tear ) outside cielblanc . ford be this Road thirteen ? chloe yes . ford where 's the coast ? chloe Three kilometer , that way . Ford and boyce brush past she , move some foliage aside : the town of cielblanc be a tiny dot , nearly a mile from here . boyce you see any other g.i. 's out here ? chloe ( so hopeful ) this be you target ? cielblanc ? you liberate we ? they do not answer . overhead , more plane groan . then Ford stiffen . just hear something else : a vehicle , approach . Ford and boyce know that sound . 22 . ford german half - track . shit ... a half -track , and it 's get closer , lurching up Road 13 . they reach for they grenade , look for somewhere to hide -- chloe no. play dead . ford like Hell we will . chloe please , listen to I . if they get you we will never be free of they . Ford whip around , look for a hide spot . then he stop . Truth be there 's no better option out here - and he know it . so , although he hate this plan ... he lean back . boyce and tibbet too , they eye shut . Ford turn he back to the road - he eye OPEN - positioning he trench -knife like a mirror so he can see the road , as : ford ( whisper , bitter ) " what would you do in the war , grandpa ? " boyce eye he : " sssshhh . " Ford go stone-still . the half -track pull toward we - a truck with tank tread in back , wheel up front , mount machine -gun . and six german soldier , scan the ground for movement . Chloe , play she part , rifle through daw ' pocket like the scavenger she be . her hand be shaking with fear . boyce lie still , he eye crack open enough to see Ford -- ..- who be watch Chloe while finger the trigger on he side - arm . boyce eye the dead squirrel poke out of Chloe 's bag . a bad omen ... the half - track get closer , when ... disaster : the half -track stop . right here . a sergeant holler at Chloe in german . she reply meekly . he shout again , order she . and Chloe rise ... leave the g.i. " body " behind - Ford , boyce , and tibbet completely abandon now ... the g.i. 's lie still . a light from the half - track sweep the ground around they . boyce and Ford hold they breath ... 23 . then the half - track pass . the g.i. 's wait a beat , then sit up ... which be when they see what 's behind the half - track : two american pow 's , hand over they head . german soldier trail behind they , rifle up . one pow we do not recognize . the other be rosenfeld . his face ashen . ford ( cont 'd ) dammit ! boyce they get rosenfeld . jeez . Ford move a branch , eager to start fire . but he can not . boyce eye he . the pow 's march toward cielblanc . ford let 's move out , on they tail . just about to move out . then a SOUND . they turn , rifle up . it 's Chloe again . that tell boyce something about she - but Ford be not yet convinced . they lower they rifle . chloe I be sorry . they order I away . ford get back to you house and stay inside . anybody ask , you do not see any g.i. 's out here tonight , okay ? let 's move out . chloe I can help you . ford we be fine . thanks . ext . road 13 - approaching cielblanc - minute later ( night ) Ford , boyce , and tibbet trail the half - track at a distance . Chloe lag behind the g.i. 's . tibbet what the hell 's she doin ' back there ? ( no one answer ) makin ' I nervous ... up ahead , the Germans on foot order the pow 's to leave the road , push they past a crumbling wall that mark the entrance to cielblanc . half - track continue down the road . 24 . as the g.i. 's get closer , we get we first look at the town : 20 house , a few barn , a well , a gallow ... and , on a foothill overlook the town , a gothic church ... it 's big , rimmed by a tall gate ; a radio - jamming tower rise from the church 's roof . stain glass , fly buttress . the g.i. 's trade look . behind they , Chloe check another trap . this one empty . the g.i. 's hurry toward that crumble town - wall and take cover behind it ... ext . cielblanc - at the crumbling wall - continuing from here they see rosenfeld and the other pow march up a narrow road behind the town ... and into that church on the foothill . then we lose sight of they . tibbet now what ? ford we get them outta there , then blow it up as order . tibbet yeah ? with what for ordnance - you Zippo ? nobody know where gurkin be . ford then I guess we better find he , huh . that shut tibbet up . the moment hang ... as Chloe arrive . ford ( cont 'd ) what can you tell I about that church ? chloe be that why you be here ? the church ? ford just tell I what 's in there . how many soldier ? chloe sometimes just a few . sometimes more . ford any civilian in there ? clergy ? chloe there be a priest ; the Nazis hang he . you have more man come ? tibbet listen , sister . au_revoir . okay ? 25 . that stung she . Ford glare at tibbet : I will do the talk . again , tibbet back down . ford what 's you name ? chloe Chloe Laurent . I live with my family , that house there . I can hide you until the rest of you man arrive . we have a attic . ford thanks . but we do not come here to hide . g'night . chloe then please , be careful for the other house . there be collaborator here . ( boyce eye Ford ) it 's the Nazis - they have poison this place ... good luck . Ford nod . Chloe rise , head home . the g.i. 's watch she go . ..- until she have slip quietly into she home . it have a attic window that overlook the town . Ford note it . ford how ya enjoy France so far ? boyce if she 's France , I like France . ( Ford shake he head ) you do not think she 's pretty ? tibbet sure . so 's Eva braun . ford let 's move out . you two go find gurkin ; if he 's dead , grab the explosive . and round up anyone else you can find . I be gonna do a little recon on the church . boyce maybe we should not split up . 26 . ford cover twice the ground this way , and we still gotta knock that tower down . stick together ; we will rendezvous in one hour , 4 a.m. , right here . okay ? they each click a button on they watch . time to go . ford ( cont 'd ) keep you head down . boyce you too . they part - boyce and tibbet head North - towards forest . Ford watch they go , cover they ... then : ext . cielblanc - town square - moving - continuing ( night ) Ford begin a slow , quiet advance through the square ... ext . outside cielblanc - same ( night ) boyce and tibbet move through pasture , look for help while try to be invisible . gun in the distance ... ext . cielblanc - town square - resuming ( night ) Ford pass the well and the gallow - quietly , any noise could kill he . pass a house , when -- disaster : its bedroom window open . ten foot from we . Ford dive behind the nearest wall , as : a woman - evy lesner - lean out she window , scan the Square like a watchtower guard . she 's a hard , war-ravage 40 . but there 's something wrong with she face -- the skin on half of it be blister and coal - black , the flesh disease , hang limply . her leave eye be milky white . what the hell happen to this lady ? typhus maybe ? Ford have no idea ; he just stare from the shadow . finally , lesner shut the window . Ford , shake , move on ... ext . outside cielblanc - forest - same ( night ) boyce and tibbet stay low - the town at they back . we hear odd animal cry in the night , distant firefight . the whole forest feel alive around we , creepy as hell . boyce pull out he metal cricket . click -clack , click -clack . 27 . tibbet do it too . nothing . they keep move , search ... then , up ahead , smoke and metal become visible -- tibbet boyce ! it 's a down C - 47 , a debris field of twisted metal , rubber , and glass . they wade in ... then boyce see it , at he foot - a piece of tin flooring , use to be part of the fuselage . it have word write on it : " 82nd airborne . we come to liberate France . June 5 , 1944 . " good God . they plane , in section now . sober as hell , scary too . they start click they cricket again - through the smoking piece of a dead plane . boyce find its nose dig into dirt . " my gal - - " the rest of the name bury . he keep move , until : a animal SOUND startles he - growl , snort . boyce edge around the crippled nose of the C - 47 to find : ... a wolf , chew the forearm of we dead pilot , mckean . boyce hiss at the wolf . it back off grudgingly , near another one of that animal trap . boyce hiss again . the wolf change course , narrowly side -stepping the trap . boyce turn back toward the fuselage ... but something grab he ankle . he turn , terrify -- at he foot be gurkin , who lie stiff - a propeller blade poke through he chest . literally . but he 's alive . boyce gurkin ! tibbet , get over here ! tibbet head over . boyce kneel beside gurkin . the situation be hopeless , obviously - gurkin 's practically be tear in half - boyce completely overwhelm , but try : boyce ( cont 'd ) you just hang on , gurkin . we be gonna get you to a medic ... tibbet arrive . boyce shakily pull out a canteen . boyce ( cont 'd ) here . take a sip ... 28. tibbet gurkin , ya get the explosive ? boyce tibbet , give he a second . tibbet ya get ‘em , gurkin ? gurkin nod . tibbet reach into gurkin 's trouser pocket - blood spurting from gurkin 's chest onto boyce 's hand - as tibbet extract four tetrytol block ( they look like C - 4 ) . tibbet pocket they ; boyce just try to compose himself . boyce here , buddy . take a sip . gurkin wave away the water , reach for something else : boyce 's side - arm ; gurkin want to be put out of he misery . boyce halt . gurkin look to he , begging , barely audible : gurkin please . boyce listen , we be gonna get the medic -- gurkin whisper it again . " please . " the guy be in agony . boyce eye he , " really ? " gurkin half - nod , pain ... boyce look to tibbet , who dodge it with : tibbet I be gonna find grunauer . and tibbet back away - leave just boyce and gurkin . gurkin 's eye be plead . boyce pull out he sidearm , he hand shaking ... aim the weapon at gurkin 's head . but he can not do it . no way . he shake he head . boyce I ... and gurkin stop breathe . Dead . eye open . boyce sag ... then breathes out a " sorry " , shut gurkin 's eye , and take one of gurkin 's dog-tag . 29 . ext . outside the lesner barn - night Ford pass by a barn beside lesner 's home , then head up the foothill , note the guard at the front gate of the church . they be ss , black uniform and all . that get he attention . ext . forest - resuming ( night ) boyce follow tibbet toward a dark stretch of wood . click - clack , click -clack . no reply . boyce try again ... this time , we hear _a chirp in reply . maybe 50 yard away . boyce tibbet . they turn . the sound come from the foothill below the church . they head over , stay low to the ground . we track they ... ext . wood / near the foothill - continuing boyce and tibbet get to a patch of tree , and : tibbet flash . pfc . chase / pfc . penner Thunder . boyce welcome . chase , from we stick , emerge from behind a tree . beside he be another paratrooper - pfc . penner . ( penner be new to we ; he 's get a flamethrower strapped to he back . ) pfc . chase you see anybody else ? boyce just Ford . he 's up the hill . pfc . chase this be penner , five - oh-eighth , b- company . lose he whole stick . boyce what be you target , penner ? pfc . penner radio- jammer on top of the church . boyce our too . but they get two capture g.i. 's inside . 30 . shit . they study the church from here - vast , gothic . tibbet what else they get in there , vampire ? place give I the creep . pfc . chase let 's move out . just then , a noise - a rumbling SOUND come this way . pfc . chase ( cont 'd ) hold it . they halt , and turn : it 's a wehrmacht truck , crossing pastureland , its headlight just about to hit we . pfc . chase ( cont 'd ) hit the dirt ! down they go , ready for a firefight . here come the truck . but it turn right , toward the foothill . they watch it go . it bounce over a bump , ker - chunk , a item nearly fall out of the back of the truck : a dead body . a fall german soldier . this truck , they now see , carry dozen of they huh ? the g.i. 's eye one another . the truck keep go . oddly , about 50 yard from here it begin to descend , as if it would just turn down a slope , or a ramp . pfc . chase ( cont 'd ) on I . let 's go . hugging the tree-line , they follow the truck . boyce note the back of penner 's flamethrower . it say " Hitler Hunter . " ext . cielblanc - foothill / church gate - same ( night ) Ford reach the top of the foothill on the south side of the church . the radio - jamming tower loom above it . that gate , 12 foot high , surround the grounds . Ford find a nearby branch ... use it to climb the gate ... get to the top of the gate , scan the grounds : at the front gate , that two ss guard ( pvt . kiebel and pvt . wafner ) eye the sky anxiously . all that plane . then the church 's front door open - a doctor in a labcoat emerge : 31 . dr . hugo bruel , the man we see in that 16 mm . film . he 's 50 , passionate about nazism , a taskmaster ... but wafner and kiebel fail to come to attention ; that tell Ford something . bruel have a odd tic , a neck -twitch that often snap he head to the leave by a inch . it infuriate he , always have . he yell at wafner and kiebel , gesture to the plane overhead . they answer mechanically , " nein , herr doktor . " and " jawohl , herr doktor . " bruel tics again and storm back inside . ext . foothill - NORTH side / earthen ramp - moment later boyce , tibbet , chase , and penner reach the spot where the truck descend , and they stop - just see something odd : pfc . chase what the ??? a wide ramp have be bulldozed into the earth out here , like a driveway descend into a unseen garage , directly beneath the church . it 's guard by heavy blast -door . ancient stone decorate the " overpass " above the ramp . on the stone be runic symbol , ( ancient letter ) . a large swastika have be add dead center , flanke by two ss insignias . the truck await entry . then the blast-door open ... and the truck 's headlight show we where this ramp lead : darkness , a cavern . but we do not see any guard - nothing move . the truck roll down the ramp . the blast - door remain open . a beat . chase think ... boyce why would they be bring dead body in there ? pfc . chase I do not know - but I wanna take a look . ( no one volunteer ) might be we best shot at get inside the church . sound like a horrible idea to boyce , but he 's silent . tibbet you wanna be a hero , be my guest . pfc . chase you and penner come with I . boyce , you stay up top and cover we back . 32 . tibbet hey ! why I ? pfc . chase why not you ? let 's go . tibbet do not like it , but he follow chase and penner down the earthen ramp - just darkness at the bottom of it . what the hell be down there ? boyce stand watch , 20 foot back . ..- until chase , tibbet , and penner enter the darkness at the bottom of the ramp , go from we view now . boyce stop . silence . boyce spot something shiny at he foot . it 's a dagger , decorate by a death's-head and runic symbol and a swastika . and the letter ss . boyce examine it . why would the ss be out here ? he pocket it . then , suddenly -- rifle FIRE from the darkness of the cavern . lot of it . boyce drop to a knee - rifle sling , heart pound . more rifle FIRE . he 's all alone on this ramp ... more shot . he rise , take a step down the ramp , when -- flame pierce the darkness at the bottom of the ramp - we can not see they source - follow by a scream from penner - then more shot , another scream - then chase yell : pfc . chase ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) go go go! boyce stare at that flame in the darkness - as : chase and tibbet race back up the ramp bear they rifle - run for they life , terrify . they sprint up the ramp , right past boyce - it 's all a blur : boyce chase , what be -- pfc . chase run ! run! boyce where 's penner ? be he hit ? they keep run . chase hit the top of the ramp , into pasture . tibbet right behind he . boyce look back - see the reflection of flame on a cavern wall . then , behind he -- -- at the edge of the pasture - boom - a explosion . chase just hit a landmine . we see piece of he rain down . 33. ...- follow by a confuse silence . boyce stunne . then : a klaxon sound , loud . a red emergency light start swirl in the darkness at the bottom of the ramp . boyce 's position completely expose . he take off up the ramp . ext . church gate - resuming Ford watch as the guard out here react to the klaxon . one race for a searchlight at the front gate . then : ext . foothill - earthen ramp / pasture - resuming that searchlight beam slap on , emanate from the church -- a shitstorm . boyce run for cover . at the edge of the pasture he see tibbet , freeze in fear - a few foot from where chase explode . boyce grab tibbet . tibbet landmine ... boyce we gotta move , tibbet ! adrenaline pump , boyce pull tibbet behind a tree - the searchlight beam just miss they . it land on the body of chase in the pasture . we hear german soldier , shout . ext . church gate - resuming klaxon howling . Ford see three ss guard race out the front church gate , head toward that ramp on the hill . now he 's get a open . he roll off the gate , onto : ext . church ground - continuing 12 feet straight down . he land , cross the church grounds - to the building itself . then he hear : a man' scream - sound like torture - come from inside the church . boyce hurry over , crouch , but can not see the source of the scream . just hear another one . shit . then Ford hear shout in german - a voice come this way : ss captain lothar mueller , 25 , burst out of the front door of the church , about to turn in this direction . fuck . Ford have to get out of here . now . he turn -- ..- hurry to the back gate , pull himself up - and over : 34 . ext . behind the church ground - ridgeline - continuing he land hard . another scream from the church fill the night . Ford start to slink around the back of the church . ext . overlooking the earthen ramp - resuming klaxon wail . boyce and tibbet crouching low . from here they can see one of that ss guard ( private richt ) eyeing the remain of chase in that field . the other two ss guard be in the cavern at the bottom of the ramp . we hear a FIRE - hose , extinguish the fire . then ... silence . the klaxon be shut off . only the searchlight remain . pvt. richt head down the ramp . ... leave boyce and a very shake tibbet : boyce what the hell happen down there ? tibbet I do not know . I do not know ! a ss guy , we put ten shot into he - he musta have body - armor on ; guy just keep come ! he tore penner apart ! boyce what be you talk about ? tibbet I do not know ! chase give the order to get outta there , I be not gonna argue . at the bottom of the ramp , the blast -door close . Christ ... boyce let 's go find lew ... ext . outside the church gate - resuming ( night ) Ford head down the foothill , careful not to make a sound . then a horrible SNAP - the slamm shut of metal on metal . he just step on one of Chloe 's animal trap . his ankle shatter , that fast . blind pain . ext . outside cielblanc / road 13 - later ( night ) boyce and tibbet reach the rendezvous site , that crumbling wall . the searchlight beam sweep and scan . and there 's no sign of Ford . tibbet , shake , mask it with rancor : 35 . tibbet 4:10 . where 's you buddy ? boyce do not know . he wish he do ... ext . foothill - moment later Ford sit up , perspire with pain . he grab that trap , open it , extricate he leg from it , the foot hang limply . fuck . he start crawling down the foothill now ... ext . outside cielblanc / road 13 - later night still no Ford . boyce eye he watch again , anxiously ... and : boyce he 's in trouble . let 's go . tibbet order be to stay here , remember ? boyce not if he 's a half - hour late . tibbet I get the ordnance . guy carry ordnance stay put . boyce where would ya read that ? tibbet you wanna risk you neck go ahead . I do not like the guy enough to get kill for he . tibbet 's not move . boyce back away . ext . cielblanc - behind a silo - later ( night ) boyce look behind a silo . no ford. panic building . the searchlight sweep past . boyce move on ... ext . cielblanc - behind a unnamed home - later ( night ) boyce be walk , search ... then he stop - just see something at he foot that take he breath away : the body of a dog - bloody , dead ... and headless . just lie there on the ground , a headless canine . good God . who the hell would do that ? and why ? he 's at a loss ... until : motorcycle sound - startling he - follow by voice : 36 . unseen german voice ( 0.s. ) hande hoch ! hande hoch ! boyce instinctively put he hand up ... then turn - to see : he Pov : the crumble wall , where tibbet be - six german soldier appear across the road , weapon aim right at he . boyce crouch down , he eye peel . the wall itself obscure we view - but boyce can see that six Germans approach tibbet ... and he hand as they go up . one german take tibbet 's rifle . another offer he a smoke . a third one fire at he , point -blank . Goodbye , tibbet . boyce recoil , accidentally stumbling over the headless dog , almost fall . that make a noise . he freeze . the six Germans do not turn ; they be too busy - throw tibbet's body on the sidecar of a Zundapp motorcycle . one soldier start it up , noisily . tibbet 's body drape limply . just like that , the motorcycle blow through the Square and up the narrow road - pass right by boyce ... -..and onto the church ground . Gates close behind it . boyce be aghast , confuse ... and completely alone . ext . base of the foothill - moment later ( night ) boyce hide against a tree , try to calm himself ... it 's impossible ; the night 's just too scary until , a whisper : ford ( 0.s. ) Ed ! wait . that be Ford . boyce see a shape against the soil , crawl . and there he be , Ford . thank God ... boyce lew . huge relief . boyce hurry over ... but here come the searchlight , ruin the reunion . boyce and Ford duck behind a wide tree . the searchlight pass . ford be that tibbet ? I tell you guy to stick together . 37 . boyce I think you might be in trouble . ford do not matter , Ed . it be a order . boyce tighten , he eye flitting to the corporal chevron on Ford 's uniform . then he notice Ford 's ankle . boyce what happen to you leg ? ford ankle 's bust . ya find we stick ? boyce just chase and a guy from bravo company ; nobody else . can you walk ? ford no . where be they ? boyce now have to factor in the idea of Ford be hobble . it 's unsettle as hell -- boyce they go down a ramp under the church . I do not know what happen down there , but the guy from bravo never make it out , and chase run over a landmine try to get away . tibbet say there be a Jerry down there with some kinda body armor . Ford digest that , try to come up with a plan -- ford okay . you gotta go round up the rest of the stick . maybe closer to the road . I will find someplace to hide ' till you be back . boyce like Hell you will . there be jerries all over the place . ss -- ford I can hide in a barn or something . I will be fine . we only get four hour to take out the target , Ed . boyce I be not leave you out here with a bust leg . 38 . ford well ya sure as hell can not bring I , and we need the rest of we stick . boyce lew , we be the rest of we stick ! ( that land ) listen to I . there 's something wrong down there . a truck go in , carry dead_body . why would they be do that ? blast -door , mine - — - ford sarge tell we the place would be heavily - defend . so what ? they be torture we guy in there -- boyce I be not leave you -- ford i_do not matter right now , ya get that ? just the mission ! now go find we some goddamn help ! boyce tighten again , hurt . the searchlight beam sweep past again . that zundapp motorcycle , minus tibbet now , leave the church and head for Road 13 again . boyce watch ... boyce well , I be not leave you down . you wanna take my stripe , take it . Ford exhales , he face work ... need a plan ... then : ford okay . we will do it ourselves . boyce huh ? ford you up on the hill behind the church . I , somewhere with a flat trajectory over that front gate . something to smoke them out of the building , and it 's a turkey shoot . wait . what ? boyce be pretty sure he 's kid . have to be . ford ( cont 'd ) then we level the place , like we be order to . 39 . boyce lew , tibbet have the explosive . ford then they be inside the church now , right ? just have to find they . boyce eye the church . it look big , impose , impossible . boyce the two of we . ford that 's right . boyce and you will be fire from where ? Ford have a idea , we can tell . we smash CUT to : ext . behind the laurent home - moment later ( night ) Ford and boyce hide in shadow behind Chloe 's house . carry more pilfere goods , she cross through a vegetable patch to she back door as -- boyce and Ford emerge from the dark . Chloe jump back , scared - then catch she breath , realize it 's they . ford that attic of yours . she 's about to answer when she see Ford 's ankle . oh . boyce it 's bust . he can not walk . ford one of you goddamn trap . you mighta warn we where you would -- chloe please - not so loud . we do not want to wake my family . ford why ? be they collaborator too ? the searchlight beam blow by . they duck . then it 's go . chloe they be just afraid . 40 . ford yeah ? how afraid ? chloe you would understand if you live here . just then , a SOUND - the front gate of the church open . ford Ed see a ramp , lead under the church . what be they do in there ? chloe " experiment . " they build a lab under the chapel . I be sorry about you leg . Ford react - a lab ? - when they see pvt. kiebel descend the foothill , armed , approach the town . shit. without a word , boyce help Ford toward the back door ... int . laurent home - ground floor - hallway - continuing Chloe lead Ford and boyce inside this simple country home - the floorboard in here creak with every step . agonize . that searchlight beam drill through a window . Ford and boyce duck into shadow - and they freeze there , Ford whisper : ford what kind of " experiment " ? chloe Science . torture . depend who you ask . there 's a doctor -- the beam move on . Ford hobble into : int . laurent home - great room - continuing ( night ) a dining table , five chair , a door lead up to a attic ... chloe he come around every morning . ford we will not be here in the morning . he start up the attic step . Chloe hand boyce a oil lamp . int . laurent home - attic stair - continuing ( night ) Ford hop up the step , boyce in tow , carry that lamp . 41 . boyce how ya doin ' , lew ? ford dandy . the guy 's in agony . they keep climb , quietly , to : int . laurent home - attic - continuing ( night ) discard , trunk , a bench , a table , a tiny glassless window . ford help I to the window , would ya ? boyce help he over . Ford slide to the floor - look down at _ kiebel out there , patrol the town Square . ford ( cont ’d ) whaddaya guess that gate be from here ? hundre - fifty yard ? boyce look out , to see a flat shoot trajectory from here to the church grounds . treeline behind it . boyce yeah . be we gonna do something about you ankle ? ford sure , ya get a axe handy ? ( boyce get the point ) there 's a ridge in the treeline behind the church - ya see it ? boyce yeah . ford you be there . I be here . on a signal you toss two grenade at the church . boom -boom , jerries come run out ; we get them in the crossfire . boyce ( terrify ) nothin ' to it . Ford grin , keep he eye on kiebel patrol below - boyce 's eye move to the well , the gallow , the church ... boyce ( cont 'd ) I be tell you , something 's off . this whole place feel weird . 42 . ford ' course it do ! it 's a town full of french Nazis - - ... this say just as Chloe appear at the top of the step - bear iodine , cloth , and gauze . chloe then maybe you could take we away from here ? behind she be she brother paul , 7 , shy , carry a cigar BOX , gaze at boyce and Ford as if they be movie star . chloe ( cont 'd ) my brother , Paul . ford oughtta get he outta here . chloe the only soldier he 's ever see be Nazis . I want he to know better . Chloe cross to a junk -pile , pull out a hand - make crutch , carve from a tree-limb . she hand it to Ford . chloe ( cont 'd ) here , take this . it be my father 's . boyce be ? Chloe nod . boyce about to dig deeper , when -- ford thank you . in other word , " au revoir . " Chloe bristle a bit ... chloe you make too much noise . ford sorry . I will try to bleed more quietly . chloe do you need anything else ? Water ? ford we be all set . thanks . he turn to the window , watch kiebel exit the town Square . 43 . chloe vien , Paul . Paul answer she - he want to stay up here . she say it again , " vien . " no dice . pretty humiliate , be defy by you kid brother . and Ford be unamuse . ford like I say ... she pull on Paul 's arm ; he dig in , sit on the attic floor , open up he cigar box , pull out some marble . ford ( cont 'd ) ya like chocolate , kid ? Ford take a chocolate bar from he trousers , hold it up for Paul to see . the answer be a big yes . Ford dangle the chocolate bar ... then toss it down the step : " fetch ! " Paul do not move . Ford shrug . Chloe storm down the step , angry at Ford and Paul . the attic door shut . now it 's two g.i. 's and a kid play with he marble . boyce maybe we could get they out of here . ford let 's win the war first , awright ? get a mission plan for 18 man and only one - and - a- half man to do it . boyce nod , rebuke . Ford jump back into mission - mode : ford ( cont ’d ) use you flashlight to signal when you be in place , two click . then hit ‘em with the grenade . there will be some smoke so be careful ya do not shoot anybody friendly . boyce you too . ford you will be fine . get in there , get to we guy , and find out where that ordnance go . you remember how to set the charge ? boyce I think so . Ford pull the detonator from he belt . 44 , ford wire go to the terminal , plunger turn down and to the right . ( boyce nod ) see ? it 's a milk -run . boyce yeah , ' cept they have grenade too . ford Way I hear it , half the german grenade be dud . ( boyce eye he ) that 's a fact ; you can look it up . boyce appreciate the effort - but he 's scared to death . ford ( cont 'd ) ( at Paul ) hey kid , whatsay ya tie a couple tin can to you ankle and run around the Square draw fire from the guard ? Paul , of course , do not get a word of that . Ford shrug . ford ( cont 'd ) another collaborator . go. boyce nod , turn to go . then he stop , reach into he jacket - and pull out that bulky envelope address to he parent , the one he almost hand over on the plane . boyce just in case ... Ford take the envelope . boyce can barely breathe , but he go - step over Paul - then down the stair , pure dread . step , step , step , to the door . boyce nudge it open ... into : int . laurent home - great room - continuing ( night ) Chloe 's here . to boyce 's leave , a bedroom door open and -- -- instant jump - scare : Chloe 's grand - mother annelise , 70 , emerge . her eye be a milky white . and the skin on she arm be gruesome - coal black up to the shoulder . look like the skin we see on Madame lesner 's face , the flesh eat by disease , or frostbite , or bacteria . or all three . necrotid tissue , bubbling with blister . boyce stiffen . Chloe 's almost glad he get to see this -- 45 . chloe you ask what they do in that lab ? ( be : annelise 's arm ) this . boyce , pole -ax , just stare for a second . chloe ( cont 'd ) they come for my father too . when he return he could not walk anymore . his leg ... then they come back for he . this time he do not come home at all . boyce I be sorry , chole . chloe every house in this village have a story like that . if boyce have time , he would sit down and discuss it . but he do not . he head for the window , then crouch low beside it , timing that searchlight out there . Chloe drift over . on a table be a photo , take 5 year ago : Chloe - at - 14 , with what must be she mother and grandfather and annelise , and Chloe 's ( now -dead ) father , alain , hold Paul ( at 2 ) . boyce note it , just for a second , then look outside again . chloe ( cont 'd ) be there anything I can do to help ? anything you need ? boyce a ambulance . a armored division . a night of sleep . outside , the searchlight recede . it 's time to go . he steel himself , anxious as hell . check he gear : grenade , etc . - then head for the back door - no goodbye ... until : chloe you can not leave it stand . okay ? ( boyce half -turn ... ) the church . when you kill that man , you have to blow it up or burn it - but do not just leave it there . can you do that ? can you bury it ? boyce pause - regards she and she grandmother - the tragedy of war right there on they face . it touch he . 46 . boyce sure . you bet . Chloe smile bravely - there 's a connection here . chloe merci . he nod - almost past she , when -- ford ( 0.s. ) Ed ! we get company ! Ford , whisper loud and urgent from upstairs . boyce 's head snap around to the window - Chloe 's too - where they see : Dr. bruel - labcoat , doctor 's bag - approach this house . escort bruel be a ss - Guard , pvt. wafner . this be bad . very . Chloe gasp . instant terror -- chloe they know you be here ! they must know you be here ! boyce what be you -- chloe he never come at night ! and he never bring a guard with he ! she hurriedly translate for annelise , who be instantly terrify . boyce processing all that - fast ... chloe ( cont 'd ) Paul ! Paul ! vite ! mama ! intercut with / int . laurent home - attic - continuing Ford 's at the glassless window . Paul on the floor . ford Ed ! get up here , dammit ! ( at Paul ) you ! go ! but Paul 's just shut down . pure fear . he can barely make he mouth form the word " Chloe ? " «»+ - as boyce fly up the attic step , hurdle over he . boyce whadda we do ? 47 . ford they come up , we blast ‘em . ( boyce nod tightly ) do not have time for this , Ed . boyce know all too well . he drop to he belly at the top of the attic step , rifle point toward the room below . Ford line up beside he , rifle ready . back to chloe - she sit by the fire , try to look utterly natural . annelise too , as -- the front door be thrown OPEN - and here 's Dr. bruel , flanke by ss pvt. wafner . bruel twitches a bit , that tic of he . he nod to two bedroom door , say something that must be " get they " . Chloe nod obediently . back to the attic - there 's a knothole in the floor , through which boyce and Ford can look down into the great room below - where they see Chloe , at that bedroom door : chloe mama ? grandpere ? back to the great room - two door open . guillaume , Chloe 's grandfather , emerge from one . loyal and silent , he stand beside annelise . then , from the other door , Chloe 's mother : this be marie - elena , pure steel , embitter by war . she mention the lateness of the hour to bruel , in french . he snap back at she angrily . Marie - Elena eye the floor . back to the attic - Ford peek through that knothole now ... and see annelise for the first time . what the ??? boyce nod . downstair - annelise be silent , stoic . wafner ask , in german , " where 's the boy ? " Chloe tighten . if wafner go up that step , we're all dead . so , aloud : chloe ( cont 'd ) Paul ? attic - Paul remain freeze in place , too petrify to move . Ford eye the kid , " get down there . " Paul 's so terrify he drop one of that marble . it fall to the floor - a noise that feel concussive in this tense silence . everyone tighten , every head turn . ..- include wafner 's . and bruel 's . 48 . .+.. as the damn marble start to roll down that step - a waterfall of SOUND that feel endless : tap -roll-tap-roll-tap-roll ... Ford brace now . boyce watch wafner and bruel for a reaction . Paul tremble . tap - roll ... the laurent freeze ... ..+- until the marble hit the last step and roll toward Chloe , and she put she foot on it . silence ... Paul reappear at the bottom of the step now . Chloe hand he he marble . he nod , thanks . apologize to bruel . then Paul and Chloe and the rest of the family stand in a line like soldier at Roll call , shoulder to shoulder . all eye on wafner and bruel . a silent , agonizing moment ... ..- until Dr. bruel open he bag , pull out a syringe , and approach annelise , she arm coal - black and blister . boyce and Ford watch . bruel drift behind she , kneel down , find a suitable vein in the back of she knee . her leg have bruise all over it , like a junkie . in go the needle . annelise silent . ... as he draw she blood - which be black . not red . not dark red . black . boyce and Ford stare in disbelief . oddly , annelise 's family do not react at all . bruel calmly cap he syringe , take out another ... ... and move on to guillaume , who stick out he arm - which be when we see that he fingertip be black . both hand . bruel draw blood - also black - from guillaume 's right arm . boyce and Ford watch , daze ... bruel cap syringe # 2 , use a ruler from he bag to measure the blackness on guillaume 's right hand . a fingernail extend awkwardly . bruel yank it off . guillaume do not feel it . but Ford and boyce sure do , wince . then bruel ask annelise to stick out she right hand . that 's impossible for she ; the tissue be just dead . the arm will not move . guillaume reach over , lift it for she . a gesture of great kindness , but sad as hell . 49 . bruel examine she right hand . tap on it . once. twice ... and it fall off . right there , on to the floor . Chloe gasp . Paul cry . boyce and Ford stunne . what the fuck ?! but there it be , on the floor - she bloodless hand , dead tissue . guillaume fight back a tear . Marie - Elena too . Paul tremble . annelise be stunne , but oddly unpain . ... - as bruel make a dispassionate note in a notebook , and mumble something to they in french . then he close up he bag , and say to wafner , in german , " let 's go . " wafner say what must be " I will be along in a moment . " bruel shrug , turn to go . Marie - Elena call out to he with a question . bruel brushes she off with : bruel Heil Hitler . he grab the hand , toss it into he bag , and he 's go . no one speak . wafner say in german to annelise , " poor luck for you , grandma . " annelise be silent . back to the attic - Ford look to he watch , gesture to boyce , " we have to move " . boyce nod ; he know . but : downstair - wafner tell Chloe 's family member ( but not chloe ) to leave the room . they hesitate . he eye they coldly , tell they again - this time with he sidearm unholster . with look of apology to Chloe , the family recede , they bedroom door shutting . Chloe 's alone . wafner smile . ... then cross to Chloe , stop a inch away from she , he back to the attic step . now we understand : he put a hand to she face , stroking it , Chloe freeze in place ... Ford _and boyce watch , she face visible to they . fuck ... then he let he hand drop lazily down Chloe 's neck , he nail graze slowly over the outside of she blouse , trace she breast . Chloe try not to shake . or cry . impossible . a tear start to roll down she cheek . Ford be outrage , livid . dying to shoot this bastard ... boyce eye Ford as if to say , " do not , lew . please . " wafner start unbuttone the top of she blouse ... 50 . she shake . wafner find that exciting . he whisper , in german : " you be tremble . shall I hold you ? " paw at she . and Ford 's see enough . he pull the trench -knife from he belt - about to throw it . boyce terrify . but just then , wafner notice something at he foot - that chocolate bar , g.i. issue . he bend down , grab it , look to Chloe . her eye go wide . wafner reach for he whistle -- no choice now - Ford let the knife fly . it bury itself in wafner 's back . he groan , pitch forward . Chloe stunne . ford get he , Ed ! boyce , improvise , hurry down the step , put a pistol to wafner 's head and cover wafner 's mouth . Marie - Elena burst out of she room . .»- and see boyce , a american . she start hiss at Chloe in french - a terrify " how could you bring he in here ?! " .»+.as boyce pull a bleed wafner up the attic step . it 's all happen in a blur -- Chloe follow they up , Marie - Elena still berate she from below , Chloe hiss back . in the attic - wafner hit the top step . Ford put the tip of he m - 1 against wafner 's skull . ford ( cont ’d ) tell he to put he hand up . chloe he speak eng -- but before she can finish the word , wafner turn and attack - surprising they completely , he upend Ford and knock boyce 's gun to the ground , fast . he reach for he sidearm . Ford swipe at it with the crutch . the gun go fly -- wafner dive for he gun . boyce too . two strong young man lock up . Ford try to get back on he foot . Marie - Elena horrify at the bottom of the step , berate Chloe , as -- wafner , strong as hell , push boyce away and grab the gun -- -- get to he knee , about to fire at boyce when -- thump . Ford , upright again , rifle - butt wafner in the back of the head . wafner drop , half - conscious . and it 's over . 51 . silence ... a breath ... ford tie this bastard up to that chair . boyce grab wafner , throw he onto a rickety chair . Chloe spot some fray rope , toss it to boyce , who tie wafner 's hand behind the chair . Marie - Elena still wail from below . ford ( cont 'd ) tell she to shut up . we will be out of here as soon as we have do we job . Chloe start to translate into french . her mom unmollify -- ... as wafner , he fog clear now , begin to holler . loud . Ford grab a wad of bloody cloth from the table and jam it into wafner 's mouth , muffle he . a unrehearse mess . ford ( cont 'd ) tie he foot too . done . now wafner 's truly stick . Chloe , enraged , overload , cross toward he ... and spit into he face , seethe . chloe that 's for my grandmother ! ford they do that to she in the lab ? chloe they make she drink something , she say it be like tar . my father have to drink it too . ford why ? chloe why do Nazis do anything ? ford tell I about that doctor . chloe his name 's bruel . he deliver I , and Paul . now he 's more Nazi than the Nazis . half the village have be in there . boyce you too ? 52 . chloe no . the Nazis have other plan for I . ford not anymore . ya hear that , fritz ? wafner 's silent . Ford , hobble , pull up a chair beside he . boyce almost morning , lew . ford I know what time it be . ( at wafner : ) start talk . how many soldier be garrison in that church ? Ford pull the bloody cloth from wafner 's mouth . again , wafner shout out loud . Ford re-gag he , angrily -- ford ( cont 'd ) if I want a opera I would go to the met. talk , dummy . wafner ( muffle ) I do not know anything . ford ( just snap ) ' course you do not . lightn -fast , he dig a trench -knife into wafner 's leg . wafner 's eye roll back in pain , boyce shocked . Ford leave the knife there ... and twist it - then : ford ( cont 'd ) again . how many soldier up there ? wafner still do not answer . so Ford twist it again . ford ( cont 'd ) where be you man station ? where be they keep the pow 's ? wafner shut he eye . Ford twist it again . boyce freeze -- ford ( cont 'd ) no one 's come to help you , Adolf ; they be all gonna be dead soon . if you co-operate with we we will see that you be hand over to the US Army . if ( more ) 53 . ford ( cont 'd ) you do not you be gonna die in this attic and rot like a bad french cheese . understand ? ( another twist ) understand ? chloe that knife belong in he heart -- ford ' course it do . just not yet . Ford yank the knife out , un -gag wafner , who spit something out _in german at Chloe . she snap back . now Ford 's irritate -- so he drive it into wafner 's other leg , deep . instant agony . wafner cry , he eye roll back - as Ford cover wafner 's nose and mouth with the bloody cloth , suffocating he . boyce slack - jaw : " be we about to kill this guy ? " ford ( cont 'd ) be you gonna talk ? be you gonna talk ? wafner ( muffle ) yes !!! Ford lean on the knife like the throttle of a airplane , push it in deeper - then lower the cloth -- boyce lew ... ford how many troops garrison there ? wafner four ! please take this out ! ford two pow 's . where be they ? wafner in the lab ! please ! ford a dead g.i. be bring in on a motorcycle . why ? wafner I do not know . experiment . 54 . boyce what kind of experiment ? he 's dead . wafner Research ! I do not know ! ford bullshit ! he have explosive on he . where be they ? wafner in the lab ! a cabinet ! please -- ford why the house call in the middle of the night ? what 's the rush ? wafner the invasion ! the doctor want to complete he work before the town be overrun . ford what _ kind of work ? wafner I do not know ! we be tell so little ! ( Ford push deeper ) I do not interfere with he , I swear it ! I just do as I be tell ! a sob suddenly bubbles from he throat - the guy 's just in too much pain to go on . his head droops , whipped ... wafner ( cont 'd ) please ... Ford yank the knife out . wafner sob quietly . boyce silent . Ford check the time , reach into wafner 's breast - pocket , pull out the pack of cigarettes he know would be there ... and shove one between wafner 's lip . wafner appreciate it . then Ford pull the envelope from he own jacket - the one address to he mother in Brooklyn . he rip it open . Inside be a brass zippo lighter - look like it 's be through fire , literally ; it 's get scorch-marks on it . he light wafner 's cigarette , as : ford see this ? my Old man run into a burn house one day with this lighter in he pocket - die save a ( more ) 55 . ford ( cont 'd ) couple kid . maybe they be relative of yours , it 's a german neighborhood . madoc avenue. ( still no reply ) I always hate that part of town . he yank the cigarette from wafner 's lip , pocket the Zippo . ford ( cont ’d ) break 's over . what else do my buddy here need to know ? wafner sigh . Ford wave the light end of that cigarette , ready to burn wafner 's face with it . and wafner relent -- wafner one of the prisoner be dead already . the other be tie to a table . you explosive be in the cabinet farthest from the door . ford thanks . you be a pal . ( at boyce : ) get go . you be late for church . wafner you will hand I over to you Army , say I co-operate ? ford sure . he pound wafner in the temple with the butt - end of that knife , knock wafner unconscious ... then turn to Chloe : she go . ford ( cont 'd ) go downstairs . tell you family not to move . I want they inside . just Ford , boyce , and a unconscious wafner now . ford ( cont ’d ) Nice sleepy little french village . jesus. ( peer out the window ) you be look for four guard , plus the doctor . he might be armed . you -- ( stop himself - - ) just get go , before they notice he 's go . boyce gather he gear , head down the stair , then halt : 56 . int . laurent home - attic step - continuing Chloe 's wait at the bottom - which mean she hear all this . boyce reach she , think she 's about to say " good luck " or something . but instead -- -- she kiss ; there 's a urgency to it , a desperation . her eye wet - she whisper into he ear : chloe please , please ... take I away from here . I can not stand it anymore . boyce , he face flushed , can barely manage a half - nod . Chloe gather herself ... then open the door -- int . laurent home - great room - continuing Chloe 's family await . they note boyce and he rifle ... and for just a second , boyce feel brave . a liberator . then : paul you go to die for we ? boyce deflate , just like that . Chloe redden ... boyce you English need some work , kid . chloe he mean " fight " for we . boyce let 's hope so . Chloe nod . boyce go out the back door . we stay here - with annelise , watch he go . then : intercut with / int . laurent home - attic - resuming Ford perches at that window , dawn just break -- intercut with / ext . behind the laurent home - same ( dawn ) boyce emerge , just as ... a huge noise hit he - shaking the sky : heavy gun in the distance . Big one . boom -baboom . thunderous sound -- and boyce know where they be come from : US destroyer ( and german pillbox ) . it 's now June 6 , 1944 . D - Day . his watch say 5:45 . boom -baboom . 57 . back to ford - the gun of normandy echoing up here , play off of Ford 's face - steely , determine ... back to chloe and her family - they hear it too . the invasion ! there 's hope in Chloe 's eye . Paul 's too . then -- behind they , annelise ask guillaume to open the front door for she . he do so . annelise step outside . back to boyce - he send up a silent prayer , d-day pounding in the distance . very little cover between he and the church - a few barn , that 's all . he steel himself ... back to ford - he look out the window , try to spot boyce . instead Ford see : on the foothill - the ss Guards from the church emerge now , look with field-glasses toward the gun on the Coast . and the people of cielblanc - they too step out of they home , awaken by the heavy gun . 50 people in all . woman , child , older folk , no man . a few of this people be not whole : a older man missing a leg . a teenager in a wheelchair . a lame child spasming in he mother 's arm , he eye milky white . Ford note it all . then , a surprise - visible right below this very window : annelise walk to the center of the Square , minus one hand , both arm black . but here she be , march toward the well . the other regard she in frighten silence ... ... Ford watch , throw , as : intercut with / ext . cielblanc - outskirt - same boyce ducking behind a barn . every step be a danger . back to the town square - annelise stop at the well ; every head turn . she 's gruesome . what 's she do out here ? then , even stranger , she start to sing . a lullaby , she voice shaky . sing , in the middle of the square , odd as Hell : annelise ( french , singing ) nous n'iron plus au bois / Les laurier sont coupe ... back to ford - confuse at first , then he get it . back to annelise - people stare at she now - all wonder why this old woman be sing . here 's why : she 's turn all eye in town onto herself . 58 . back to boyce - he get it too . with the villager distract , he exit the town for the brush of the foothill . back to annelise , sing , the villager stare at she . from here , she can see boyce scale the foothill . good ... back to ford , in the attic , watch boyce too , as : boyce scale the foothill - ducking in and out of tree for cover . his breath be shallow , anxious . annelise - still at it . a rotting woman sing a lullaby . Madame lesner , she face gruesome , lean out she window , bark in french at annelise , " stop this . " d- Day pound . intercut with / ext . church - front gate - same walk the church perimeter be richt . he spot annelise in the village below , and sight she with he rifle . back to boyce - hurry , try to be invisible , as : annelise - still sing . lesner grow more irritate , shouting , " stop this ! you be frightening everyone ! " back to the church - richt have she line up . he start to squeeze the trigger ... back to chloe - she and she family watch the Square - lesner be now yelling at annelise , who keep sing . back to boyce - move in and out of tree ... back to the church - richt pull the trigger -- just as Dr. bruel appear , swiping angrily at richt 's rifle . back to the square - the shot rip through the air , miss its target but hit the gallow . the villager shocked . back to ford - every part of he tensing . back to the church - bruel berate richt , in german . " who give you the right to interfere with my work here ! you almost kill one of my subject ! " back to the square - the villager scatter back to they home in fear , door slamm . lesner shut she window ... ..- but annelise just keep sing . back to chloe - her family stare out at annelise ... 59 . intercut with / ext . foothill / behind the church - resuming boyce pass behind the rear gate of the church , unseen , head for the treeline behind the church ... he find a ridge that look down on the church grounds . perfect - he can do some kill from here . back to annelise - she see he back there , see bruel in the foreground . Mission accomplish . she stop sing . .-. climb on to the lip of that well , she eye on bruel -- ... and throw herself in . just like that . back to boyce - eye wide , can not believe it . chloe and her family - they scream . Paul , distraught , spring up and run for the attic step . back to bruel - he turn abruptly and head back inside the church , leave richt alone out here . back to the town square - utter silence and stillness . not a sound from the bottom of the well ... back to ford - he lower he head , just for a moment . ford Rest in peace , Lady . just then , Paul burst into the attic , utterly unglue . he start shout at ford in french , sobbing , he timing awful . ford ( cont 'd ) listen , kid . you gotta go . ( Paul keep shouting ) I be serious . beat it . back to boyce - it 's time . he eye the radio - jamming tower while lay out he trench knife and grenade . then he catch the sun on the knife . two reflection . back to ford - with Paul still shouting and a bleed wafner across the room , Ford see the signal - flash from boyce ... and look through the scope of he rifle , as : ford ( cont ’d ) ( to downstairs ) hey ! get he outta here already ! back to boyce . he set the knife down , steady himself ... 60 . then he pull a pin on grenade # 1 - hurl it at the church 's back door . pull a pin on grenade # 2 - hurl it on the roof . - as we move in tight on ford , in the window , rifle sighted . - and tight on boyce , on the ridge , ready to fire ... when : intercut with / ext . church - ground - resuming boom ! grenade # 1 blow the back door off its hinge . loud . boom ! grenade # 2 blow a small hole in the roof . -- at the church gate - richt race toward the blast and -- -- in the attic - bang . Ford fire , miss high . re-aim . squeeze off another shot - bang . Paul stop yelling as -- -- back to richt - hit in the back . he go down ... «+- just as kiebel and ss pvt . kogan emerge from the church , armed . Captain Mueller too . but : it 's a ambush : boyce start fire . pop - pop - pop -pop -pop ... -- Ford fire too . pop - pop - pop - pop . Paul just watch . -- kogan , kiebel , and Mueller be shred . they go down . and then it 's over . just like that . a eery silence . back to boyce - perfectly still , low to the ground . back to ford - perfectly still , in the attic window , as - - back to the square - every door stay shut . no one step outside to see what happen . d- day still thumping from afar . behind the church - boyce regards the body ... four of they lie there - but no Dr. bruel . boyce ( under he breath ) where be ya , Doc ? in the attic - Ford 's think the same thing . Paul drift over , look out the window ... the bad guy be dead . back to boyce - he hop down from the treeline , rifle sling . ext . church ground - behind the church - continuing ( dawn ) smoke waft . boyce enter the church warily , through the blow - out back door , with d-day thumping in the distance ... 61 . back to ford - he and Paul watch boyce disappear inside . on Paul 's face , a look of liberation . awe . he open that cigar - box of he , reach inside , pull something out : it 's a old french world war I medal ... for valor . with wordless ceremony , Paul extend it to Ford and pin it on he . Ford can not help feel touch - as : int . church - ground level / kitchen - continuing sunlight and smoke . the sound of running water . boyce enter . no one 's in here , just a run faucet . he cross through , then edge into a shadowy hallway . not a sound . then into : int . church - ground level / sanctuary - continuing silence . Dust hover , some glass shattered . boyce pass the figure of Christ on the altar . no time to acknowledge it . he spot a door up ahead ... approach , then into : int . church - stairwell - resuming dimly - light by a single blub . boyce descend in silence - then through a door , to : int . church - downstair hallway - same a long subterranean hallway . boyce walk . half -open door to he right and leave . he push one open : the room 's empty . a military radio sit on a table . boyce eye it , then continue down the hallway . open another door : a armory : stack rifle , ammo on shelf , two tall locker . boyce back out , drift farther down the hall . where be that damn Doctor ? a door up ahead . boyce approach silently . ..+- and nudge the door open with the tip of he rifle -- ... revealing a empty pitch -black space . feel big . his hand fumble along the wall for a light -switch . he find it . click : int . church - basement / lab - continuing light pop on above we in a sequence . ch-ch-ch-ch-ch . row of they . it take ten full second for they all to illuminate . this be the lab we see in that 16 mm. film . and it be huge . 62 . a ceiling -to-floor curtain divide the lab in half . on this side of it we see endless row of lab - station , equipment , sink , burner , beaker . a pair of eyeballs in a jar ... oh , and 25 dead german soldier , on granite slab . this be the body boyce see truck in ; each have be stripped down to white boxer short and rubbed with oil . ..- but every gunshot wound , every hole leave behind by a explode shell , they be all evident . boyce wince a bit . cover the wall be runic letter and painting of ancient teutonic knight . swastikas too . and two cross ceremonial axe , right out of the Middle Ages . in a glass cabinet be 500 vial of black blood . one sit on a gas stove in a pot of boiling water . boyce turn the stove off . and hear a machine - like SOUND : a pump , sound like it 's on the other side of that ceiling - to - floor curtain . boyce step through it , rifle sling - and see the other half of this vast lab ... it 's a horror : fifteen people - " subject " - barely human now , each of they tied by there hand and feet to hospital beds . they be villager once . now they look more like creature . they flesh be black and blister , everywhere - necrotid tissue bubbling on they arm , face , neck , torso . they eye milky white , stare in a state of sustained torture . on each bed boyce find a " patient file " complete with before and after photo - human decay , chronicle in german . beside one of the bed , a 16 mm . camera stand on a tripod ... he drift a bit closer , breathless . this people be barely alive , most of they unconscious , some of they vegetative ; something be corrode they from the inside out : connect to each villager be a machine of pump and valve , a autojector , pump a thick black substance - look like tar - into each subject , circulate it mechanically . on both arm of every subject be blood draw , feed black blood into bottle that sit on the floor . it 's like a massive , gruesome dairy farm . but why ??? boyce drift past each bed , shocked , speechless . then , another shock - autojector # 16 be connect by tube to a_disembodied dog 's-head , which sit on a tray . 63 . somehow , impossibly , the autojector be keep the head alive . its mouth move - just take in a breath . my God ... autojector # 17 be hook up to a human heart , beat , suspend in air by string over the OPEN chest of tibbet . tibbet 's eye have be remove . Holy Hell . boyce shake . then , behind he , labor breathing . he turn , rifle sling . in bed # 3 be another villager / creature , suffer , tie up , he body entirely blister and black . his eye craze . boyce stare - something draw he toward this creature , when -- a jump - scare - it bolt up - still tie to the bed but lung at boyce with such force that the bed actually topples over , slamm on its side to the floor . that fast . boyce step back , the creature now press against the floor , its breath rattling . boyce not sure what to do , as : a voice ( 0.s. ) help ... please . that be barely audible , but american . boyce turn -- there 's another curtained - off section up ahead . he get there - pull back the curtain ... boyce rosenfeld ! rosenfeld , he hand and foot tied to the rod of he bed , turn , glassy - eye . this man 's be torture . mumbling : rosenfeld I do not talk . I do not -- boyce -- where 's the Doctor ? ( rosenfeld do not know ) okay . we be gettin ' you outta here . he start to untie rosenfeld , anxiety pump -- boyce ( cont 'd ) what the hell be all this ? they -- just then , another SOUND -- rosenfeld boyce ! boyce turn - a blur behind he - and : 64 . Dr. bruel emerge from shadow . he would be hide there . he rifle - butt boyce in the head . all goe black . we CUT to : int . laurent home - attic - morning Ford sit at the attic window , await any sign of boyce . he Pov - out the window : cielblanc be quiet . normandy 's beach be not . boom -baboom . chloe that really ought to be look at . Chloe , at the top of the step , gesture to Ford 's blood - soak pantleg . a uneasy tension between they . Ford shrug , " go ahead . " Chloe cross past wafner and sit . she unty Ford 's boot ; he keep he eye out the window -— despite the searing pain . Mission , mission , mission . she pull the boot off . agony . Ford just grit he tooth . Chloe pull up he pantleg , pull down he bloody sock - regard what one of she trap do to a human leg . ford arky Vaughn have a ankle like that , a couple year back . cost he half a season . Chloe have no idea what he 's talk about . ford ( cont 'd ) Brooklyn dodger ? Baseball ? ( she 's a blank ) and they say we be unculture . she clean the wound with iodine ... chloe I be sorry - about you father . ( Ford shrug ) he be a fireman ? ford he be a house - painter . chloe oh . then why do he run into -- ford you do yet ? she hold up a bandage , start to roll it around he ankle . 65 . .»+- as he eye that valor medal pin to he jacket ; it bother he . he take it off , shove it in he pocket . then he see something horrible atop that foothill -- on the church ground - a door open ... and bruel emerge . back to ford - instant alarm : Ed 's in trouble . Ford bolt up , grab he rifle and crutch , he foot unshod and bloody . back to bruel - he eye the body of kiebel , kogan , richt , Mueller , and he sigh . then he pick up the body of kiebel ... .-. and carry it back inside the church . just like that . back to ford - hobbling past Chloe , toward the attic step ... chloe you be leave we ? ford Ed 's in trouble . int . laurent home - great room - continuing Ford descend noisily on he crutch - then emerge , Chloe right behind he . the laurent turn . ford stay inside . the kraut 's tie up . chloe how can you help he on one leg ? ford you just stay here . he head for the door . Marie - Elena mumble something at he in accented English . Chloe react . ford ( cont 'd ) what be that ? chloe she say take the truck . ( Ford throw ) Madame lesner have a truck in she barn . that one , there . to move he if he be hurt . Ford nod " thanks " . Marie - Elena nod back . he step outside . 66 . ext . cielblanc - town square - continuing keeping he eye on that church , he crutch he way across the square - aim for lesner 's barn ... as : int . church - basement / lab - same boyce awaken in this huge space . look around , disorient . he 's on a operating table - he hand and foot tie to its leg . a nearby surgical tray bear a scalpel and syringe . around he be the villager - creature , tie to they bed , black tar be pump through they vein by autojector -- .+- black blood drain from they into bottle on the floor . bed # 3 remain topple over , its patient still tie to it . the 25 german remain on they granite slab across the lab . the gas stove be on again , black blood boil in a vial . rosenfeld 's bed be beside boyce 's . they eye meet . then , a banging SOUND . boyce turn : it 's bruel , use a mallet to crush two US - army detonator . shit. bruel drop the mallet and turn , twitching slightly - he eye on boyce ... then bruel grab a syringe . boyce brace himself . bruel find a vein in boyce 's arm . in go the needle ... bruel draw blood , as : bruel so , private . why be you here ? they eye meet . bruel 's English be surprisingly unaccent . bruel ( cont 'd ) it 's the invasion - and yet you be send to this tiny village . why ? this be a mission ? ( boyce be silent ) you be obviously intend to blow up something , private ; we find four block of tetrytol on one of you fellow soldier - and you and you Hebrew friend here be carry detonator . what be you target ? again , no reply . bruel produce the ss death's-head dagger that boyce find on the ramp , eyeing it fondly . shit. 67 . bruel ( cont 'd ) the tower on the roof ? be that it ? ( boyce be silent ) be it something else ? boyce just stare . we drift down to find he right wrist , tie to that table - leg . there 's a tiny bit of play in the knot . so boyce wiggle it , as invisibly as possible , while : bruel ( cont 'd ) be you perhaps send to target I ? this lab ? he study boyce for a reaction . none . then he grab a craniometer ( standard german phrenology instrument ) , and begin to measure boyce 's skull with it , as : bruel ( cont 'd ) do you come from Nordic stock by any chance ? Parents ? grandparent ? anyone in you bloodline teutonic ? we be always look for candidate for we re-germanization program . boyce ( be : villager - creature ) be they be be - germanize too ? at last , a response . bruel breathes out a grin . bruel they be contribute to the war effort in way you could hardly imagine . boyce how ? bruel I will ask the question , if you do not mind . he tear boyce 's t-shirt away , light he cigarette lighter . bruel ( cont 'd ) again . why be you here ? he put the blade of the ss dagger into the flame . the dagger glow red . boyce try not to react . impossible . bruel ( cont 'd ) it will not hurt , you know - tell I . but this ... 68. boyce pray for strength . bruel grab the cross hang around boyce 's neck and yank it free , toss it away . boyce why're you do this ? you be french . bruel be i? boyce s'pose to be a doctor . bruel I be a soldier now ! ensure the thousand - Year Reich ! himmler 's dig up half of Europe look for the secret - and I have find it for he ! boyce secret to what ? bruel History . he presses the red -hot blade flat onto boyce's belly . boyce howl - the pain unimaginable ... bruel ( cont 'd ) what be you order !? what be you told about my work here ! ? boyce keep praying , but bruel do it again , red - hot steel onto bare flesh . rosenfeld cring at the sight ... bruel ( cont 'd ) why be you here ???? ( boyce cry ) I 've won the war for they , you understand ? my work ! my discovery ! and you will not take that from I ! why be you here ?!?! boyce in sheer agony , aching , cry ... but he be not talk . behind bruel , that pot boil over . he turn , irritate , then hurry toward it - give boyce a brief reprieve . at the stove , bruel pull the vial of black blood from the boil water . then draw the blood into a syringe . ten foot away , boyce begin to work the rope again . urgently . bruel , he syringe full now , turn . 69 . boyce moan loudly , as if delirious with pain . bruel , pleased , carry the syringe - not toward boyce but instead toward one of that dead Boxer - wearer on the slab ; this guy 's name be / be scherzer . boyce go back to work , struggle to loosen the rope , as : bruel inject the hot blood into scherzer 's heart . boyce keep work on the rope ... almost there ... bruel finish the injection on scherzer . turn . ..- boyce 's hand be not free yet . rosenfeld see that , so : rosenfeld Water ... bruel pause as if he would misheard . bruel what ? rosenfeld water . bruel approach rosenfeld . mutual , utter contempt . bruel just like a Jew , demand that to which you have no claim . .+- which allow boyce to keep work he wrist urgently , as : rosenfeld Water . s'il vous plait . bruel backhand rosenfeld across the face - just as boyce 's hand_come free . rosenfeld keep at it : rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) okay , wine then . a nice french bordeaux maybe -- bruel silence ! bruel slug he , hard - then turn to face boyce ... who continue to writhe as if delirious . bruel stand over he ... and draw that ss dagger again . 70 . bruel ( cont 'd ) smile , private . there 's no great honor than die for you country . boyce ' least I have one . .+- which be when bruel notice a oddity - something 's miss from the surgical tray - one item , go . -- but just as bruel realize it , boyce strike in a blur - jamming that scalpel into bruel 's neck . bruel fall , gasp . boyce frees he other hand . sit up , frees he leg , grab he rifle and fire a bullet into bruel 's chest . boyce ( cont 'd ) can you walk , rosenfeld ? rosenfeld shake he head . shit . there be not much time . intercut with / int . lesner barn - resuming Ford enter the lesner barn . there 's she truck . he advance - — .-.- and be immediately clubbed from behind by a shovel . he stagger , fall , turn ... evy lesner stand here , gruesome face and all . she grab Ford 's rifle , point it at he . -- in the lab - boyce hurry to the last cabinet in a row . it 's lock . he knock the lock off with he rifle-butt . Inside , the four tetrytol block . he grab they , turn . on that stove : vial , more syringe . he head over -- -- back to the barn - Ford struggle to he foot , support by that crutch . lesner , rifle ready , hiss at he in french -- ford listen , Lady , I do not speak much french . why do not you put that thing down before somebody get hurt ? ( lesner be unmove ) Friends , okay ? amie ? lesner eye he with contempt . he reach into he pocket . ford ( cont 'd ) chocolate ? he offer he spare bar of it to she . she lower the rifle . 71 . then she fire it - right into Ford 's bad ankle . back to boyce - at the stove . he hear the shot ; it snap he head around . back to ford - he drop to the ground , he leg a rag-doll . back to boyce - panicked , he run to rosenfeld . boyce that could be lew ! we gotta go ! rosenfeld can not move . boyce grab he in a fireman' carry , and head out , move right past that granite slab . on slab # 1 be scherzer , recipient of the hot-blood injection . he just blink . back to ford - on he back . lesner drift over , reach for he trench - knife , take she eye off Ford for just a second -- Big mistake . he grab she hair and yank she to the ground ... that fast it 's a ugly , feral wrestle match . her blackened finger claw at he . Hair be grab , face gouge . he loosen she grip on the rifle and toss it away ... as : int . church - kitchen - same boyce carry rosenfeld through . up ahead be the back door that he blow open with that grenade . he head toward it ... back to the barn - Ford and lesner struggle on the floor like animal . gouging , scratch , smother , gasp ... intercut with / ext . behind the church - yard - same boyce cross the grounds , bear rosenfeld . back to the barn - a primal struggle . lesner roll on top of Ford , she hand under he chin , try to snap he neck . Ford 's try to snap hers . both of they panting . eye lock , the sound guttural . he 's stronger , but she 's get leverage on she side - gravity too . she growl as -- .-+-a single liquid SNAP ... and lesner 's body sag on top of Ford 's . neck break . intercut with / ext . church - front gate - same boyce head down the foothill , carry rosenfeld . 72 . back to the barn - Ford push lesner 's twisted body away . it tumble off of he like a mannequin . he tear she shirt off to tourniquet he gush leg , as we : intercut with / ext . cielblanc - town square - same boyce reach the square , unaware that Ford 's in the barn . back to ford - he crawl to he crutch , get to he foot , gather he rifle , then to the barn door - in time to see : -- boyce , lug rosenfeld into the Laurent home . back to ford - he hear a noise behind he - turn ... and he jaw drop - utter shock and horror . ... as lesner 's body start decaye , right before he eye . her skin -blister begin to bubble , as if corroding from the inside . a SOUND come from she , like a hiss death -rattle , spitting out of she lung . the corrosion continue - — - ..- eat not just she face now but every inch of she leg , she torso , she neck - they all decay , with Ford bear witness - a sizzling sound as the flesh give way ... soon she look like a piece of burn paper . then she 's mere ash inside clothing ... Ford be awed , afraid . but he swallow it all . int . laurent home - great room - continuing boyce enter , lay rosenfeld across the dining table . boyce lew !? lew !? no reply from the attic . but Chloe emerge from she room : boyce ( cont 'd ) this man need help ! she nod . he hurry to the attic step : boyce ( cont 'd ) lew ?! lew ?! chloe he go out - to help you ! boyce what ?! 73. ext . cielblanc - town square - same ( morning ) Ford hobble through the empty Square , to the Laurent home . the sound of d-day thumping in the distance ... int . laurent home - great room - resuming boyce move to the door , adrenaline rocketing through he . boyce lew ?! he throw it open , just as Ford hobble in . instant relief : boyce ( cont 'd ) thank God . you do not -- Christ , what happen to you leg ? ford I get shot -- ( at Chloe ) -- you friend with the truck . then she turn to ash . be something wrong with the ordnance ? boyce whaddaya mean she turn to ash -- ford I mean she shrivel up like a piece of burnt confetti . boyce I do not -- ford yes or no ? be something wrong with the ordnance ? they study one another , Ford all - business . boyce no. nothin ' wrong with it . ford then why 's that tower still stand ? that sound angry . Truth be , Ford 's just reeling . boyce I ... I hear the gunfire , think you might be in trouble . 74 . ford for the last time , it do not fuck matter if I be in trouble ! the mission be the tower ! whe n're ya gonna get it through that hayseed head of yours ? that hurt , but boyce do not fire back . he can not . instead he just head up the attic step . ford ( cont 'd ) where you go ? boyce get a couple question for we prisoner . ford it 's 8:25 already . boyce I know what time it be . int . laurent home - attic - continuing boyce arrive , pull out the syringe he take from the lab - and a vial of black blood . he thrust they at wafner . boyce what do this stuff do ? ( wafner 's silent ) that doctor say it be gonna ensure the thousand - Year Reich . what be he talk about ? again , no reply . boyce , rattle , put a gun to he head . boyce ( cont 'd ) you have get one minute . talk . pretty aggressive move . Ford and Chloe appear at the top of the step . they have not see this side of boyce before . boyce ( cont 'd ) what 's the black blood for ? wafner you see it . do not you know ? yes , boyce know - but he 's silent . wafner grin ... ford what 's he talk about , Ed ? 75 . boyce I dunno ; they get a dozen villager in there - like she grandma , but worse - tie up , bleed into bottle . the doctor injected some of the blood into a ... ( reluctantly ... ) ... dead guy . wafner smile a know smile . Ford eye he .. ford why would he do that ? wafner enjoy every second of this -- wafner you want a thousand - Year Reich , you need a thousand - Year Army . you see ? that land with a thud . boyce and Ford silent ... a beat ... try to digest the idea . it go down hard ... wafner ( cont 'd ) it 's be there for age , you know . the tar . ask she , she will tell you . all we do be dig it up ... ford ( at Chloe ) you know all this ? all eye on Chloe . she look as lose as they be ... chloe ( daze ... ) we hear storey about it , my whole life . the black river under the hill . but they be just storey ... silence - Ford and boyce still processing all this ... wafner credit that doctor - there be so many fail attempt before he learn how to use it , but he 's tireless . if he countryman have work half as hard to defend France , we would not be here today . boyce shake he head . Ford just smolder ... 76 . boyce it can not be . wafner think of it . a inexhaustible army . boyce it can not be . ford there 's a way to find out . huh ? Ford grab he trench-knife and approach wafner . ...- whose smile suddenly vanish - just realize : this guy 's about to kill I ! he 's right . Ford hobble past Chloe , as -- wafner but I tell you everything ! boyce hold it , lew . what be you do ? ford play doctor . boyce why ? let 's just blow up the tower and - ford need to know what we be up against . ( at wafner ) do not we . wafner I do not -- I be just a soldier ! ( Ford about to strike ) nein !!! thwump ! Ford jam the dagger deep into wafner 's chest . silence hang . boyce can not fuck believe it . ford now you be a experiment . wafner 's not breathe . Chloe and boyce shocked -- Ford put he head to wafner 's chest . wafner 's dead . Ford reach for the syringe . boyce hand it over , speechless , as : ford ( cont 'd ) " Fire at Germans , " remember ? 77 . he fill it with black blood from the vial . boyce daze : boyce .»+- go in he heart . Ford jam it into wafner 's heart , hit the plunger ... and nothing happen . a long beat . wafner 's just dead ... boyce ( cont 'd ) we kill p.o.w. 's now ? ford you do not think the Nazis have kill any p.o.w .'s ? boyce sure . that 's what make ‘em Nazis . but we be not like they , right ? ford nobody ever win a war by say please and thank you , Ed . he know that . boyce meanwhile it do not get we anywhere . look at he . ford I be lookin ' . my opinion , it 's a improvement . boyce Point be , we do not do this . ford we do now . ( study wafner ... ) dose mighta be too small -- then a SHOCK : wafner' eye fly OPEN . he head pop up . he chest expand . the blood from he wound suddenly black -- wafner nein !!! he just re - set to the exact moment before he be kill . otherwise , he 's okay . breathe . alive . boyce lew ...? boyce and Ford stare at each other in silence , awestruck . Ford - first time ever - do not know what to say . Chloe too . 78 . boyce ( cont 'd ) lew ...? Ford just shake he head ... ... as wafner see the knife in he chest , the black blood around it ... and the syringe in Ford 's hand . and a awful realization hit . I be dead . he eye Ford -- wafner you ... kill I ? ford listen , pal -- wafner yank a hand free , pull the dagger from he chest , cut he rope loose - and rise , he eye murderous . wafner you kill I . ford well , yeah , but in all fairness I also bring you back . now sit down . ( wafner do not ) I say siddown , asshole . every part of boyce tensing . wafner turn to they -- wafner you see now ? a thousand - Year Army for a thousand - Year Reich ! ... as wafner start toward Ford -- ford listen , pal - I be not that crazy about you the first time around ; do not make I kill you again . wafner smile ... then charge Ford - push Chloe aside -- in a blur , Ford fire at he - bang , in the arm . great ... except wafner keep come . unaffect . unharm . and the blood spurting from he arm be now as black as pitch . huh ? Chloe scream . boyce look to Ford . boyce lew ! 79 . Ford fire again . Hit wafner in the chest . more black blood . and still no effect - wafner just as shocked by all this as they be . boyce swing that chair at wafner , strike he over the head with it . it shatter . again , he 's unaffected . so Ford shoot he in the head . that oughtta do it ... but the wound bleed black . and wafner , after a pause , shake it off and keep come . somehow . he start ranting now , in german . we do not understand a word of it but it sound like something from a nazi rally . boyce , daze , look at that syringe on the floor ... and he and Ford both come to the same horrible conclusion : they have just turn this german into something unkillable . and what he want ... be Chloe . in a ugly way . he grab she , throw she over he shoulder . boyce ( cont 'd ) Chloe ! boyce jump in wafner 's path , try to pull Chloe away -- wafner bull forward , use Chloe like shoulder - pad , into boyce . and there 's nothing behind boyce but that stair . boyce go fly - tumble - landing hard at the base of the attic step . Ford get to he foot . wafner kick he , knock he down . .+- and carry Chloe down that step . she 's shriek , " mama !!! " and grab at the railing on each side of she , try to slow he down . can not be do . Ford scramble to get another clean shot - he eye meeting Chloe . he can not fire again without hit she . int . laurent home - great room - continuing boyce , at the base of the step , see wafner come , draw he side - arm , fire three shot into wafner 's belly . black blood ooze from wafner 's gut . a mere annoyance . he step over boyce , head for the door . Chloe scream . rosenfeld reach for a sidearm - but do not have one . the rest of Chloe 's family emerge now - to see wafner head for the door . Chloe scream . boyce get to he foot . 80. -- Ford thumping he way down the stair -- wafner reach the door , open it . a insane moment . he carry she away , Chloe scream : chloe mamai !!!! marie-elena / paul Chloe !!! into the Square , she voice ringing in we ear , sheer terror . Ford hit the last step - but too late - Chloe 's family in tatter , she scream still audible . then : crash - a german grenade ( call a " potato - masher " ) be toss by wafner through the window . boyce scramble for it -- -- as Ford dive on top of Paul . -- and rosenfeld hit the deck . boyce toss it out of the room - it explode - loud . destructive . but no one 's hit . boyce rush to the window . wafner be halfway up the hill . and here we be , in a house that 's see a grenade explosion and a abduction . pure shock . boyce and Ford trade a look . ford you get the charge ? ( boyce half - nod ... ) let 's go . it 's time to take out we goddamn target and get Chloe the hell outta there . rosenfeld what be you gonna use for a detonator ? ford whaddaya mean ? boyce the Doctor bashed both of ‘em in . Ford consider that ... then : ford I can get we a detonator . 81 . boyce how ? ford let 's go . still get thirty minute before we plane be in the air . D - Day pound . they head for the door , Ford on he crutch ... boyce on one leg ? ford it 's the mission , be not it ? that have some edge . he near the door . boyce follow ... marie-elena you help my daughter ! ext . pasture - behind cielblanc - moment later boyce and Ford emerge from behind a barn . they be just about to approach the pasture - when boyce stop Ford . ford what ? boyce mine . watch you step . Ford nod , thanks . we crane up , boyce lead a hobble Ford through this mine-ridd pasture , toward that foothill ... the church sit atop it . the gun of D - Day pound . then : ext . forest - earthen ramp - moment later boyce and Ford stand where boyce stand last night : at the top of the earthen ramp lead into the foothill itself . the blast-door be open . boyce eye they ... boyce listen , I do not know what 's down there . could be more of ‘em , could be anything . ford piece 'a cake . boyce right . and half the german grenade be dud . we do not know how to kill this thing , lew ... 82 . ford keep it down . they might catch wise . boyce yeah , then we would really be in trouble . Ford grin , about to march - when boyce gag involuntarily - just barely stop himself from vomit . Ford eye he . boyce ( cont 'd ) sorry . shit . ( a beat ... ) do not you ever get scared ? ford ' course . everybody do . know what scare I worse ? some guy on omaha Beach buyin ' it ' cause I do not get my job do . Rather die right here . would not you ? boyce I be not so sure we be put together the same way . my old man would not have run into a burn building to save five stranger . I do not think I would either . ford hey , forget what my old man do . it 's too much to live up to , believe I . that come out before Ford could stop it . now it hover ... ford ( cont ’d ) screw this . it 's D - Day . let 's go . they descend down the ramp , toward darkness . ... crossing under the ancient runic symbol and the swastika . one last look at the symbol , wonder what they mean . then Ford and boyce vanish into the pitch of the Cavern ... int . cavern under the church —- continuing it 's big . first thing we see down here be a burn - out truck , the one that carry in all that german body . beside it we find two charree corpse . it 's hard to say for sure , but one of they look it be once a german soldier . the other look like it might have be penner . gruesome . Ford and boyce move around a corner ... to find : 83 . a derrick , pump something from a big hole in the ground . a hose from the derrick be connect to a large barrel , which be overflowing with a thick black substance . tar. trouble be , there 's a german stand beside the derrick -- it 's scherzer , the guy who receive the injection from bruel . scherzer 's still in he white boxer , he back to we , stare down into the hole from which that derrick be pump ... there 's a gaping wound across he back . clearly , it 's what kill he . but he 's alive now , the blood from that wound a calcify black . so how do we kill he ??? boyce and Ford trade a silent look . boyce raise he rifle , aim ... but Ford stop he with a silent headshake . there 's no point in try to shoot this guy . then Ford see it ... affix to a wall : the FIRE hose . boyce see it use last night . Ford crutch toward it . boyce follow . the hose be coiled around a wheel . boyce start to uncoil it . it squeak , loud . he stop . scherzer , twenty foot away , do not turn - just stare into whatever be down there , obviously unsettle . Ford move to the faucet - a red knob . he indicate to boyce , " when I turn this knob , you start running to uncoil the hose . " boyce nod . a moment , they eye lock , then -- ford turn the red knob - loud and squeaky . scherzer turn at the sound -- boyce start run at he with the hose . scherzer reach for he rifle . Ford turn the knob harder - full blast . the hose uncoiling off the wheel as fast as boyce can run . water exploding out of the nozzle - too hard - the burst actually knock boyce off he foot . scherzer grab the rifle , turn to fire , yelling -- ++.asS boyce get to one knee , aim the hose , and ... 84 . bam - it hit scherzer in the chest - just as he fire . bang - the bullet hit a junction BOX a foot to Ford 's leave . instantly , the power goe out . and scherzer be knock off he foot , right into : ... the hole in the ground beside the derrick . go . a beat . Ford turn the water off . boyce lower the hose . and they move in , cautiously , toward the edge of the hole . Ford crutching he way there ... then he look down to see -- .+.-a pool of black gunk below . scherzer 's hand stick out . ford now he know what it taste like . a beat ... then Ford take out he father 's zippo , light it ... and hold the flame to that overflow barrel . boyce what be you do ? ford if it will burn , we gotta burn it . I would not even want we side to know what this stuff can do . that fast , the tar in the barrel ignite , highly flammable . the flame dance across that hose , through the derrick , then down into the hole just as -- jump -scare : scherzer reach up out of the tar - gasp . but the tar-pool ignites - a massive wall of flame erupting from it , knock boyce and Ford on they ass . the flame roar out ... then suck back down again . boyce and Ford crawl to the hole , look down - the charree remains of scherzer sear into place among the flame . ford ( cont ’d ) guess they burn too . boyce rise , offer he hand - just like Ford pull boyce onto that C - 47 last night . Ford take the hand , as -- a stairwell door open , ten foot away . here 's kiebel , another guy we kill once before - check on that junction BOX -- but he see boyce , and Ford , and the FIRE . 85 . and he charge they - unarm but roaring -- boyce and Ford FIRE there rifle out of instinct . it do not make a dent . Black blood spurting from he wound , kiebel barrel into they both . Ford fall hard . boyce and kiebel tumble together to the cavern floor , right by the surging flame . kiebel 's on top of boyce in a hurry , hand around boyce 's throat - try to choke he out . boyce can not stop he - the Nazi be undead and way too strong . the heat be scorching ... Ford jump on kiebel 's back , grab kiebel 's head , pull hard as boyce gasp for breath . Ford tug . we hear that same single liquid SNAP we hear from lesner when she neck break . ... except kiebel do not stop . with he head now dangle at a unnatural angle , he keep strangling boyce . Ford , no choice , sly kiebel' throat ... now black blood gush from it onto boyce . and still kiebel doesn't stop . he 's a monster , literally - he grip on boyce 's throat unrelent . barking in german . Ford , no move leave , pull out he side - arm and fire it right into kiebel 's right wrist . the bone shatter . then the left wrist . that bone shatter too . his grip on boyce loosen . boyce suck in a breath . then one huge burst of energy - push kiebel away and -- ... toward the edge of that hole , into the flame . kiebel 's clothes ignite . one more push from boyce and -- kiebel vanish down the hole , screeching as he fall . and it 's over . Ford and boyce eye one another - boyce now drench in the black blood of a dead Nazi . ford ( cont 'd ) see ? simple . boyce , soak in black , just eye he -- boyce stair be over there . ford twenty minute . boyce nod . Ford follow he to the stairwell door . 86 . int . church - stairwell - moment later ( day ) they climb in darkness ( the light bulb in here now useless ) . Ford struggle up the step . they reach the door lead to the basement . boyce nudge it open with the tip of he rifle , revealing : int . church - downstair hallway - continuing ( day ) we be here before . but now none of the light be work . room to we right and leave . all dark now . boyce be about to step into the hallway when -- a flashlight beam whip past he nose . he move back . ...to find wafner hurry past this door - head away from the lab . no sign of Chloe . wafner vanish down the hall ... boyce follow . Ford stop he . and this be in whisper : boyce he 's get Chloe . ford Chloe be not the mission . that land . boyce nod ... then : they step into the dark hallway , toward the lab . boyce nudge open the door to the armory - point it out to Ford . Ford silently lean in , turn on he flashlight -- boyce alone in the hallway now , he head on a swivel -- Ford return , bear six german potato masher . give three to boyce , pocket three for himself . they continue along -- ..+.to the lab door . boyce nudge it open . int . church - basement / lab - continuing ( day ) black . boyce and Ford stay low . boyce shine he flashlight into the space - illuminate it for Ford in brief burst : the creature / villager , tie to they bed . the autojector . the concrete slab where that 25 dead german be -- whoops . five of the slab be unoccupied ... boyce react , instantly shine he flashlight on the spot where he leave bruel 's body . bruel be not there anymore . 87. boyce get six unaccount for -- ford let 's just get this charge set . he head for the back wall - boyce watch . boyce lew . Tower 's up on the roof . ford Tower be not enough anymore , Ed . this whole place have to come down . boyce eye the villager - subject . head toward they -- Ford head for the back wall , pass by that severe dog - head , keep alive by the autojector . he can not resist : ford ( cont ’d ) ( at the dog-head ) stay . the head , of course , do not move . boyce begin to untie the creature from bed # 1 . a female , she face completely blister - black . boyce frees she hand . boyce go. allez . she do not move . maybe she can not . maybe she 's deaf . he unty she foot . still no movement . Ford , at the back wall , remove a tetrytol block from he trousers , fix it on the wall . boyce move to bed # 2 . a male , equally gruesome . boyce start to untie he wrist . the creature growls like a animal . boyce recoil a bit , but he finish , then move on . bed # 3 be still topple on its side , its torture inhabitant stick there . boyce move nearer , untying the guy : a semi - human nightmare under all that blister flesh . then , disaster : the lab-door open . two german soldier burst in . boyce shut he flashlight off . Ford too - but too late -- the german OPEN up on he , machine - gun fire . Ford spin away , fall to the floor . the machine - gun fire continue , the Germans hollering at he . ( they be on that slab a hour ago - dress in they uniform now ) . 88 . boyce drop - the Germans do not seem to know he 's here . they start move in on Ford 's position , fire continually . he do not return fire . this guy be scream . boyce , on hand and knee , scramble toward they . he pull a pin on one of he potato masher , slide it along the floor . it blow up at the feet of the Germans - but they don't stop , still fire at Ford , shouting . now what ? boyce look around , see something , crawl to it -- there , that ceremonial axe , affix to the wall . he get to he foot , grab one - the noise drown out by the torrent of machine - gun fire . it light up a corner of the room . Ford scramble to get away . Germans shouting -- boyce hurry to a position behind the Germans now . Ford try to crawl , but they be right on top of he . .-.- and they have just about spot he , when -- thwack - in the darkness - boyce swinging that axe , take the head off of german soldier # 1 . it bounce to the floor . german soldier # 2 turn - thwack - boyce swing again , hit the guy 's right wrist , sever the arm there . the german 's right hand , still clutching the rifle , fall . he grab for he side - arm , cursing boyce loudly in german . boyce take another swing . thwop - sever the guy 's left hand . now this german be really angry - howling at boyce . boyce move in - the german unable to defend himself - Ford watch in semi-shock from a corner ... one last swing . boyce behead he . down he go . two headless Nazis , side by side . crisis over . Ford slightly awed by what he just witness . a moment ... then : ford they teach that move in Basic ? I musta be sick that day . Ford 's way of say , " Nice work . " it matter a lot . boyce be you hit ? 89 . ford no. go find Chloe , get she out of here . I will set the charge . boyce nod , help Ford to he foot -- as he do so , Ford slip something into boyce 's pocket , boyce entirely unaware . ford ( cont 'd ) ten minute . boyce yeah . then they notice : one of the two Nazi head be still move - twitching really - if only slightly . Ford sigh , Jesus ... and brushes it aside . it bump into a table leg . ford get go . boyce nod numbly , head out . we stay here with ford -- ...- make sure boyce be go . then Ford lift up he shirt . and we learn that he 's be gut - shot , bleed badly . he sag back , grab he crutch , willing himself to the back wall . ..- where he set the last tetrytol block then splice they four wire while check he watch . his gut continue to bleed . he ignore it , wrapping that four wire into one ... then wrapping that one wire around the terminal of a grenade ... int . church - ground floor hallway - continuing boyce emerge from the stairwell into the hallway , axe in hand ... again , not a sound . no one here . he enter : int . church - ground floor - sanctuary - continuing row of empty pews . boyce enter ... silence . then , a SOUND - the sob of a girl - come from somewhere above he . boyce turn , look up : a balcony . the voice seem to be come from a loge BOX up there . yet we can not see Chloe . .-- but we can see wafner , enter the loge box , talk in german , a wick smile on he face . someone 's at he foot , out of we view . wafner take he belt off -- 90 . boyce want to shoot the guy from here but there 's no point . instead , boyce slink across the sanctuary - to a set of stair that will lead to the balcony ... we return to : int . church - basement / lab - resuming Ford pile up flammable in the center of the lab : sheet , etc. , a big mound . he rip the nazi flag off the wall , toss it on the pile . it 's stain with he blood now . he douse the pile with rubbing alcohol . but -- --hold it . we just see a shadow drift across the floor . Ford 's unaware of it ... int . church - sanctuary - balcony - same boyce reach the balcony . from here he can see -- wafner , he back to we , unzipping he trousers ... and Chloe , flat on she back , handcuff to a railing . crying . wafner mock she in german , unmove by she cry for mercy . boyce move in . this will be easy ; wafner 's a clean target . boyce drift closer . wafner beginning to lower himself on top of Chloe - he voice continue to pour german filth into she ear . Chloe cry , begging he to stop . then she see boyce , stand over wafner . thank god. boyce lift that axe over he head . wafner still unaware , when -- bang - a shot fire from the sanctuary floor below , knock the axe from boyce 's hand -- then two more shot -- boyce hit in the shoulder . he drop down on he belly . wafner spring up now , half -dress . look over the railing . kogan be down here , blast away . shout at wafner and point : there 's a american five foot from you ! now wafner turn , see boyce . wafner infuriate , come at he . the axe be out of boyce 's grasp , and he shoulder be bleed . Chloe terrify - boyce too . wafner five foot away . wafner you should have leave I dead . boyce have a side - arm , but what good be it ? here come wafner unkillable and angry . fuck . he 's about to strike -- then boyce get a idea . he fire at wafner 's leave eye . gl . bingo . wafner one - eye now . boyce fire at he right eye . bingo . wafner blind now , cursing boyce loudly . boyce get to he foot . wafner still come . boyce plow into the guy , that shoulder scream in pain . but boyce keep charging -- ..- like a craze linebacker , pile-drive the now -blind wafner over the balcony railing -- down , down ... wafner land hard on the sanctuary floor . he 's still alive - but he 's be neutralize for a moment . kogan have not . he start firing at boyce again . boyce drop down out of sight , a foot from Chloe . they eye meeting . he pull the pin on a grenade . then a second one . toss the first from he perch ... then toss the second . they arc lazily on they way down toward kogan - who scream at they . but just before they reach he -- bang bang . he fire - hit they both in mid-air . two instantaneous explosion , tear up a portion of he face and rip one of he hand off . but it 's not enough to kill or stop he . daze , he reach for he rifle , which he have to pry from he amputate hand . boyce - in the balcony - know he have to move fast . boyce turn away . Chloe turn she head . he swing the axe at the chain cuffing she wrist to the railing - just as Chloe squirm . he miss she face by half a inch . miss the chain too . boyce ( cont 'd ) what be you move for ?! chloe you just say turn away ! boyce do not ! do not do anything ! she stiffen . he swing the axe . her eye squeeze shut . with a spark , the chain break -- but just then - bang bang bang - 92 . kogan fire up at they with he one remain hand . wafner fire too although blind - bullet everywhere . madness . boyce ( cont 'd ) follow I ! he grab Chloe , pull she along the railing , ducking gunfire . all he 's get be that axe . she follow he into : int . church - hallway - continuing with wafner and kogan still howling , fire -- ...- boyce pull Chloe toward the stairwell door . he toss another grenade over he shoulder . it skitter past they -— a loud boom - ineffectual . int . church - basement / lab - resuming Ford have set the charge and pile the flammable . now , weak from blood loss , he eye that gas stove ... and cross to it . just enough strength to get there , barely . he yank its MAIN line from the wall . Gas hissing out now . he check he watch again , he back turn to the rest of the lab , then -- he stagger forward , finally lose consciousness - as : across the lab - bruel emerge from shadow . we return to : int . church - stairwell - continuing boyce and Chloe burst in , racing down the step . a door open one flight above they - kogan lead the sightless wafner into this stairwell . still firing , shouting -- boyce lead Chloe out of the stairwell into -- int . church - downstair hallway - resuming they emerge into the hallway , but - coming at they from 20 yard away - Mueller and richt , reach for they rifle -- boyce and Chloe can not turn back - they have get kogan and wafner behind they . so we be trapped . Mueller and richt start firing . boyce grab Chloe 's hand , lead she into the first reachable door : int . armory room - continuing boyce shut the door , leave we in darkness . turn on he flashlight - illuminate all this rifle , useless to we . 93. chloe we be go to die ... boyce no we be not . he grab one of that locker , push it up against the door as a barricade . Chloe hold up the flashlight for he . thud come from the other side of the door - four undead Nazis try to get in . Chloe terrify . boyce back up against the locker to hold it . a bigger thud - the door start to give way . it jar the locker enough for the locker door to swing open . thing fall out now . the Nazis pound away . boyce try to hold they back ... but all four of this monster be now push on that door . more item fall from the locker now , landing at boyce 's foot . one get he attention - give he a idea ... boyce ( cont 'd ) stand back . chloe what ? boyce stand back ! she move to the corner . boyce move away from the locker , back up against the wall , in darkness . he grab the flashlight from she , turn it off , as - - one last push from the nazis - the door burst in . the locker fall to the ground , slamm at boyce 's foot . and here they come - all four of they ; boyce have just let they in . here 's why : he now have penner' flamethrower , the " Hitler Hunter " - — and he open up with it , a spray of flame , illuminate the armory as it find this four charge Nazis . kogan , richt , Mueller , wafner - all of they engulf . the heat unbearable . Chloe scream . the Nazis shriek , hiss . they rifle firing . kogan and wafner drop and roll . boyce douse they again . 94 . Mueller stagger into a wall , then to the ground . richt run down the hall , screeching . boyce grab Chloe 's hand , lead she out . int . church - downstair hallway - continuing flame everywhere , the Nazis burn noisily . boyce douse richt again . richt drop . all good ... until : here come two more nazis , emerge from the stairwell . boyce douse they . they catch fire ... but we hear a click . Hitler Hunter be empty . and this guy be not fully engulf . boyce charge they with he bayonet , drive it through both of they , then use it to plow they into that armory . they be burn too badly to defend themselves . he toss a grenade in there , shut the door behind he . boyce Fire in the hole ! boom - a huge explosion from inside the armory send the door rocketing out at we . but it do the job . he eye Chloe - roasting body smoking all around they . boyce ( cont 'd ) get out of here . now ! chloe I want to help you -- boyce Chloe , we be blow this whole place up ! go ! end of argument . she turn to go . he open the lab-door ... and a SHOCK suddenly appear at he foot -- it 's that creature / villager from bed # 3 . poor bastard must have drag himself all the way to this door . now he lie here , spend , barely alive , barely human . and Chloe just stare , speechless . she 's never see anything like this guy before - every inch of he disease and black . worse , he craze eye seem to be stare right at she ... as : her jaw drop , just see something impossible . she scream . 95 . boyce ( cont 'd ) go home . chloe I can not ! ( suddenly unravel ) it 's my father ... boyce pause - maybe he hear wrong . nope , that 's what she say . he study the face of the creature at they foot ... and he see it . this , once , be Alain Laurent . Chloe devastate , horrify , grateful - all at once . chloe ( cont 'd ) papa ?! just then , a noise in the lab remind boyce of he duty . he bend down , grab the Alain - creature by the arm , drag he out of the doorway , as : chloe ( cont 'd ) papa ?! boyce you can not help he , Chloe . just get as far away from here as you can . she do not reply - and he do not have time to argue . he disappear into the lab , close the door behind he . int . church - basement / lab - resuming boyce stand in darkness . his instinct freeze he . boyce flash . there 's no answer from the darkness . he try again : boyce ( cont 'd ) flash . again , no answer . just a SOUND ... a hissing . boyce turn on he flashlight , tracking the sound to : that stove . its main line send gas vapor into the air . boyce can smell it . then he flashlight beam find -- that pile of flammable in the center of the room , sheet , pillow , a Nazi flag , all douse with rubbing alcohol ... boyce ( cont 'd ) flash . 96 . ford ( 0.s. ) Thunder . Ford 's voice , at last . boyce whip the beam toward it -- ..- and he freeze , he blood just congeal -- here 's Ford - sit on a exam table . black blood now spilling from the wound on he belly . beside he be Dr. bruel . alive - a syringe in he hand . he drop it to the floor . boyce can not breathe . or blink . utterly stupify . boyce lew ? ford yeah ? wait . that do not sound like Ford ; it have a ugliness to it . he hop off that table and start toward _us - walk on a shattered ankle , impervious to pain . and he rifle be sling , aim right at we . boyce what happen to you ? ford I die . then I get better . boyce whaddaya mean , you die ? Ford keep come . how be he walk on a shattered ankle ? bruel , behind he , watch with a sadistic delight . boyce eye the black blood on Ford 's shirt - hope he 's wrong ... boyce ( cont 'd ) what would he do to you , lew ? bruel I tell you , private - we make History in this lab ! Ford keep come , no light in he eye . it 's like he 's turn into someone else - maybe just a darker version of himself . but boyce just can not , or will not , accept that yet . ford why so quiet , Ed ? ya scared ? 97 . now it 's official . Ford be not Ford anymore . boyce reeling . boyce listen , let 's just blow this place to Hell and get you to a medic , huh ? ( Ford keep come ) lew ? bang . Ford fire at he . just miss . boyce spin away , horrify , drop the flashlight . darkness now . he stumble back , knock over a beaker . Ford fire at the sound . bang . a spark - missile in the blackness . boyce ( cont 'd ) lew , it 's I . ed. ford I know who you be . you be the little sad-sack that have not leave I alone since the first day of Basic . that hurt , but before boyce can address it - bang . another shot . boyce diving out of the way . his own personal Hell - a hateful Ford try to kill he . boyce listen to I - this be not you . you name be Lewis Ford . you be from Brooklyn . corporal in the US Army . put the rifle down , awright ? bang . up ahead , a second door . boyce move toward it . he get to the door . it's locked . wo not budge . bang . another shot , this one nick he hand . boyce ( cont 'd ) you old man paint house . you mar 's afraid of height ... ford my memory 's fine , ed. bang . another shot , this one graze boyce 's ear . boyce lew , do not ! ford sorry . you know that temper of mine . Ford , a foot away , pull the trigger again . click . out of ammo . annoy , he toss the rifle ... but he keep come ... 98 . boyce this be not you ! ford it 's I . boyce back away . Ford bear down . gas hiss from the stove . boyce hold he rifle like a oar , ready to strike -- boyce do not make I do this , lew . do not make I do this -- ford ( keep come ) go ahead . boyce goddammit ! he butt -end Ford across the jaw with he rifle . it scramble the wire in Ford 's brain enough to slow he for a second . boyce ( cont 'd ) lew - please ... but Ford keep come . boyce bash he again - this time break Ford 's jaw . Black blood spurting -- bruel you be waste you time , private ! you can not stop he ! boyce this be not you ! you be a US soldier ! Ford keep come . boyce , cry now , bashes he again - this time break Ford 's orbital bone ... bruel the key to the whole war - and it be win with french blood ! wait ' till they hear that in Berlin ! still , Ford do not stop . boyce swing that rifle like a baseball bat - right into the side of Ford 's skull . crack . boyce that who you wanna be , lew ? the guy who win the war for the Nazis ? Ford grin , black blood on he tooth , he jaw now set at a unnatural angle - completely gruesome . 99 . boyce ( cont 'd ) what about the guy on omaha Beach ? we have a mission , remember ? they reach that mound of flammable now , not far from the gas - hissing stove . they eye lock . boyce ( cont 'd ) we be suppose to destroy this place . the radio-jamming tower ! by nine ... ford you wanna complete the mission ? boyce yeah . Ford nod calmly ... then bend down , grab something off that pile of alcohol - soak flammable , and hold it out to boyce : his grenade ... wire to the det-cord of the tetrytol block . ford then pull the pin . hold it . time just stop . bruel drift over , amused ... the hiss of that leak gas suddenly sound thunderous . Ford 's smile be creepy as hell , he tooth crack and blacken . and boyce be speechless . he can complete the mission - but it will cost he he life . ford ( cont ’d ) well ? what will it be , soldier ? God and country ... or cowardice ? boyce this be not you , lew . ford I know you would not have the gut . boyce this be not you ! ford pull the pin , you coward ! they eye lock . madness around they . bruel start to chuckle ... and boyce decide -- he pull the pin . 100 . then hold it up defiantly for Ford to see . this be it . boyce we stick together , right ? Ford 's surprised , impressed . bruel be terrify . he start to run away . Ford grab bruel by the collar , prevent he from leave . ford it 's you party too , doc. bruel not !!! ford siddown ! Ford throw he to the ground , put a boot on bruel 's chest . +.. as the second tick down . boyce not run - not even shutting he eye . boyce Goodbye , lew . they be go to die . right now . 3 , 2 , l ... .-- but nothing happen . no explosion . boyce deeply throw ... the grenade be a fuck dud . bruel open he eye , surprised as hell . boyce 's eye never stray from Ford , who look completely confuse . boyce ( cont 'd ) like you say . german grenade . no reply . then , above they , a loud tick . they look up -- it 's a clock - just strike 9 a.m. that , somehow , get Ford 's attention . boyce can see it . boyce ( cont 'd ) nine o'clock , remember ? d- Day . and something click in the back of Ford 's brain . a memory , a flicker of the human be he use to be , just minute ago -- he reach into a pocket , remove he father 's char Zippo . boyce react - he eye go wide - but : 101 . ford go . boyce what ? ford ( top of he lung ) get out of here !!! Ford flick open the lighter . all he have to do be spark it and this entire lab will blow . that gas hiss ... boyce take off , head for the door . bruel get the idea . bruel no ! Ford put he boot on bruel 's throat now ... int . church - downstair hallway - resuming boyce , in a dead sprint , race into that stairwell . int . church - stairwell - continuing he enter , find Chloe try to drag the near- lifeless body of she father up the stair . boyce dive on they both , to shelter they , as : int . church - basement / lab - resuming Ford eye that Zippo ... then : he SPARKS it up - one little charge in all this gas , and -- boooooom ! a massive explosion knock we sideways . the air itself seem to rip in half . all that charge detonating . FIRE everywhere , Ford and bruel and all the torture villager instantly eviscerate , the wall cracking , as : int . church - downstair hallway - same Fire roar into the hallway , wall failing here too . int . church - stairwell - same it 's like a massive EARTHQUAKE in here . boyce try to shelter Chloe and she father . 102 . int . church - sanctuary - same the floor buckle - this sanctuary cave in . int . cavern under the church - same the ceiling above we crater , rock and cement come down like a waterfall , onto the flaming derrick , crush it -- ext . church roof - same the radio - jamming tower collapse in a heap ... int . church - basement / ruins - resuming half of the sanctuary collapse into this lab . the church barely stand . the fire douse by the sheer volume of dust and debris . it 's all a blur , over in mere second ... then ... silence . just rubble and smoke and dust ... we drift through it . concrete slab turn over . operate table twisted in half , church pews upend . .».- and a lonely , char Zippo . then : int . church - stairwell - resuming rubble , stone , steel , dust . beneath the pile we find boyce , face down . he be not move . we drift in on he , and ... fade to black ... ... over which , the sound of airplane . lot of they . fighter , bomber , a armada . then we fade up again , on : int . lesner barn - dusk boyce awaken , he ear fill with all that sound . he look around . nine hour have pass . he 's in the lesner barn -- ..- which have now become a field hospital . around he , on cot , lie seven wounded soldier . we see i.v. 's , doctor , the work . lesner 's truck have be move out . and the U.S. Army , clearly , have move in . boyce be shirtless . his shoulder 's be bandage , the burn on he abdomen field - dress . he sit up , slowly ... rosenfeld lie on a nearby cot . grunauer be tend to he . but there 's no Ford , of course . and no Chloe . boyce rise . 103 . first few second on he foot be pretty wobbly . his knee want to give way , but he make they stiffen . and everyone around here be too preoccupy to notice . he take a first halting step for the barn door - then notice something to he right , a stand curtain , partition off one patient from the rest . he hear a familiar voice behind it . Marie - Elena . boyce move to the curtain . grunauer notice : grunauer boyce ! what be you -- boyce step around the curtain , to find a bed : Chloe be in it , wounded but alive , tend to by Marie - Elena . Paul sit in a corner . boyce Chloe ? she look up , she eye suddenly wet with tear . boyce hurry to she side , feel very lucky . he take she hand . boyce ( cont 'd ) you okay ? chloe ( nod then : ) you ? boyce breathes out a smile , Marie - Elena and Paul silent . boyce I be sorry about you father -- grunauer ( 0.s. ) -- boyce . grunauer , stand by the curtain . boyce turn . boyce derwin france . grunauer back in bed . boyce yeah , okay . he turn to Chloe . she smile bravely . boyce give she a assure look , turn to go -- 104 . ..- inadvertently put he hand in he pocket , surprised to find something there . he extract it . it 's that wwi medal ... for valor . Ford 's parting gift to he . boyce breathes out a sad smile , eyeing the medal , start to hand it back to Chloe . boyce ( cont 'd ) here . this do not belong to I . Chloe close boyce 's hand around the medal ... chloe yes . it do . she mean that , and it feel pretty good . so ... he kiss she . a big one . she give into it . the kiss linger - the other g.i. 's in here watch the silhouette of it through the hospital curtain ... until : grunauer okay , boyce . that will do ... the kiss end . Chloe beam ; they have get a chance , this two . grunauer ( cont 'd ) let 's go . boyce nod . grunauer tug he away , leave Chloe behind . they head back across the barn to boyce 's bed - a few g.i. 's now regard boyce as something of a celebrity ... grunauer ( cont ’d ) hey , I be sorry about Ford . guy save my life up there . boyce mine too . they reach boyce 's cot . grunauer Rest up , awright ? grunauer head toward a ailing patient . boyce about to climb back into he cot . but first he look around -- ..- at this seven g.i. 's , silent and tight , some badly - wounded , watch he . rosenfeld too . boyce regards they all . Ford would have do something to help this man , no doubt about it . so , after a long beat : 105 . boyce guy , tell I something . on the level . ' Cause I do not know if I be gonna get another chance to ask . the wounded g.i. 's wait . boyce look troubled , serious . then : boyce ( cont 'd ) ( be : stomach bandage ) do this make I look fat ? instant laugh , from guy who could use one . boyce sit , as we pull back ... out of this barn , to : ext . cielblanc - town square - continuing ( dusk ) this torture village be now hold by the U.S. Army : man , vehicle , movement . the evening sky be fill with plane , all ours , soar overhead with impunity . we drift through , as g.i. 's and vehicle cross we frame . then we crane up to take in all of cielblanc : 20 house , a empty gallow , a church in ruin . and a very topple tower . one french village liberated , another few hundred to go . in the distance , the moon rise over the normandy Coast . we ... fade out ...