oz the great and powerful by Mitchell kapner base on the book of L. Frank baum roth film 4.08.10 walt disney CO . 125675 0Z the great and powerful the SOUND of the wind -- whistling -- as we -- fade in : ext . kansas prairie —- early evening a gray land under a gray sky -- everything flat , drab , dreary . a ramshackle farmhouse -- a creaky weather vane -- a dirt road stretch to nowhere -- but then we see , up ahead , loom over the horizon : a large lighter -than -air balloon -- below which we find : ext . the baum & barley bros . circus not exactly the greatest show on Earth , but still a pretty big deal around here . people have come from far and wide -- they mode of transport and they style of dress tell we we be in the very early 1900s . townsfolk and farmer stroll the midway ... barker shout they come -on ... a bearded Lady preens ... the crowd ooh and aah at the daring Young Men on the Flying trapeze ... then we see , in the menagerie : elephant and monkey and a lion and a tiger and a bear ( oh my ) ... then we come to : ext./ int . oz's exhibition tent where the audience gaze listlessly at the two man up on stage . the fast - talk huckster in the velveteen frock - coat be none other than oscar zoroaster phadrig isaac norman henkle emmanuel ambroise digg -- a.k.a . ' 0Z '' for short -- and he 's stand with he back to the second guy , who look to be some local businessman . oz now , we do not know each other , do we ? we have never meet , you and I . frank no , sir , we sure have not . oz and you name be --? frank Frank . oz short for Franklin . frank that 's right . oz lucky guess . now , Frank , you get ‘em on there good and tight ? now we see : Oz 's hand be handcuff behind he back . frank give the cuff a yank and -- frank they be tight all right . oz thank you , Frank -- and might I just say you be a credit not only to you community but to the great state of Kansas itself -- ad astra per aspera and E pluribus unum . ( Frank start to leave ) but before you go , I be wonder : would you happen to know the time ? frank well , sure , I ... he dip into he vest pocket -- frown -- start patting he other pocket and -- oz be this what you be look for ? and 0z triumphantly bring he arm out from behind he back . in one hand he 's hold the handcuffs from which he 's just escape -- in the other he 's dangle Frank 's pocket watch by its chain . Frank take he watch back , seem wow -- and 0z turn to the crowd , take a bow , but -- not_a_single person clap -- everyone 's just look at he about as animated as cow . oz heh -heh , yes , well -- please , no need to applaud -- you awestruck expression of amazement be approbation enough . so , move right along ... I have in my hand here a flea . can everyone see that ? you in the back ? ( of course they can not ; there be no flea ) ( more ) oz ( cont would ) now , this be no common , ordinary flea -- no , this be a flea with dream , who dream of someday become a shine white dove . a voice seem to cry out from the side of the stage -- voice that 's crazy ! oz ( cup a ear ) what 's that ? what 's that you say ? voice I be say it can not be do , turn a flea into a dove ! the Voice be Oz 's own -- he 's a damned good ventriloquist . oz a naysayer , eh ? well then : Witness and observe . he deftly pass one hand over the other -- and now he 's hold a large white egg . he place it in a SMALL , barred cage , cover it with a cloth , raise it up , snap off the cloth , and ... there 's now a little white bunny rabbit inside -- and Oz appear perplex ... oz but ... that 's not a dove . let 's try this again . he cover the cage once more , hold it high -- then sniffle . oz sorry . I be allergic to rabbit . then suddenly he sneeze -- such a tremendous ah-choo that he let go of the cage and double over in two -- and the cage somehow , magically , stay right where it be just hover in mid-air -- a pretty neat trick , actually -- then 0z straighten up and , with a flourish , he snap the cloth off the cage to reveal : a snowy white dove . Oz open the cage door , the dove fly out , Oz take another bow -- and this time , one well - dress , very attractive woman actually do applaud . her husband , a stern -look character with a wax mustache and a bowler hat , silence she with a scowl . disappointment flicker across Oz 's face -- a artist unappreciate ... he shoulder slump , he head droops ... then he quickly glance up again -- with a wickedly sly grin . oz i_know what you want ... he start stride the stage like a barnstorm preacher . oz yes , I can see that you have come here today in search of more than just Magic and illusion . you be here , Brothers and sister , because of a burn thirst -- you be here because , in this most difficult time , you be look for something that will soothe you torture spirit and ease you troubled mind . and I be here to tell you good people ... ( hand in prayer ) .-+. I might have just the thing . he drag a tall magician 's wardrobe chest to the front of the stage , fling open its double door to reveal : bottle and bottle of high -octane hooch . oz behold , my friend , a very special batch of my very own homeopathic ontological Miracle elixir -- h.o.m.e. or '' Home '' I call it , and believe I , there 's no better place or product anywhere on this green earth -- a hundred and eighty proof and only fifty cent a bottle ! and this be indeed what the crowd 's be wait for . they surge towards the stage , wave they money in the air . oz easy now ! easy ! there 's plenty for everyone ! ( as he 's rake it in ) Mr. Morgan , good to see you again ! Mr. gulch , how 's the banking biz ? Mr. Hamilton , you be look well -- and you lovely wife ? oh there she be ! -- glad you both could make it . mr . hamilton 's the man who scowled he pretty wife silent before -- and we see that mrs . hamilton 's stand towards the back of the tent , watch as she husband toddle off with he drink buddy -- then she turn a very warm and invite smile towards Oz . ext . / int . oz's exhibition tent - a little later the show 's over , the crowd 's go . and behind a curtain to the side of the stage we find ... Oz and Mrs. Hamilton -- lock in a torrid embrace . oz you do know how to bewitch a man , Margaret . you emerald eye , you ruby lip ... mrs . hamilton ( nuzzling he neck ) if I be such a enchantress , why can not I ever cast a spell that would get you to stay ? oz stay ? you mean here ? in Kansas ? I could never do that . mrs . hamilton why not ? I be in Kansas . oz yes , and you be the only glimmer of color in this gray land . mrs . hamilton ( laugh ) the only glimmer ? and that other woman of yours --? oz be mere bauble . you , my dear , be the one true jewel . ( she kiss he , then ) you know I can not stay -- all this endless , empty sky -- I be tell you it 's crush I . I watch this land grind my daddy to dust and I be not gonna let that happen to I ! there 's a whirlwind inside I , Margaret , and I do not know where it 's gonna take I -- I just know there 's a better world out there somewhere , a world of color and light and beauty , where fortune and_ glory be wait for I ! I have get diamond in my future -- I just know it ! he say all that with considerable feel . he say this with considerably less : oz you could come with I . mrs . hamilton that 's very sweet . but we both know you do not mean it . besides , you know what they say : '' East be East , West be West , Home be best . '' oz you sound like a pillow in the parlor . mrs . hamilton and I be soft in all the right place , too . oz yes , you be . another kiss -- then both pull back . Oz reach inside he vest , set that bunny on the floor . oz now where be we ? ext . circus ground - picnic area - same Mr. Hamilton and he croney have just finish the last of they several bottle of snake oil . mr . hamilton who 's up for more ? everyone be , apparently . they start totter back to : int . oz 's exhibition tent - moment later the man come in , see no one , be about to turn and go when they hear , behind the curtain : a feminine gasp and giggle . Mr. Hamilton angrily stride forward , rip back the curtain -- and find Oz and Mrs. Hamilton , intertwined . oz I can explain . ( off Hamilton 's glare ) you be right , I can not , which mean , sir , you be in luck ! ( Hamilton stop , confuse ) ' Cause right now , today , absolutely free of charge , you get to watch I ... disappear . and he bolt , hightail it out of there . Mrs. Hamilton pseudo-swoon into she husband 's arm , give Oz just enough time to make he getaway . Mr. Hamilton fling Margaret aside and he and he buddy take off after Oz , and we launch into : a furious circus chase -- oz running for he life down the midway ... past the menagerie ... through freak show row -- the freak and roustabouts do what they can to help Oz out ( and it seem this be not the first time a irate husband 's be after Oz ) , then Oz duck under a canvas into : the big top -- where he scuttle under the bleacher , sprint across Center Ring -- only to find the exit block by Mr. Hamilton and he posse . Oz turn on a dime , swiftly scale the aerialist 's ladder -- and Hamilton 's right up after he , hot on Oz 's heel , then oz grab the trapeze -- and swing out ... centrifugal force soon swing he back -- Hamilton nearly grab he -- then when Oz pendulum back the other way again he lets go of the trapeze -- free-falls down into the trampoline net , then catapult right off it and somersault over the head of hamilton 's men and zoom out the exit -- from the lighter -than -air balloon : we see Oz racing towards we -- he start shimmy up the mooring rope -- fast enough that a exuberant on - looker exclaim : on-looker look at he go ! he 's faster than a fly monkey ! and we now see : the balloon have the word '' oz '' emblazoned on its side . Oz heave himself into the balloon 's hang basket -- just as Hamilton and he boy run up , grab hold of the moor rope , start haul the balloon back down to earth -- then Frank come run up with a satchel -- frank Oz ! here you go ! and he hurl the satchel up to Oz -- Oz catch it , tip he hat in thanks ( Frank , of course , be Oz 's long - time assistant and shill ) -- then Oz loose the moor rope and -- the balloon lift skyward -- out of harm 's and Hamilton 's reach -- up and up and up , Oz wave goodbye to everyone -- laugh -- that be fun -- but then he notice : only Mrs. Hamilton and Frank be wave back at he ... everyone else be stop and turn towards the west ... Oz himself look and -- oz sweet jumpin 's jiminy . seeing : a massive STORM front -- angry black cloud , close in fast . everyone on the ground suddenly break and scatter for cover . Oz gulp -- oz look like we might be in for a bit of a gale . as if on cue : a vicious gust of wind kick up , nearly throw Oz out of the basket -- a tidal wave of dust sweep over the circus , vanish it from view -- then , to the west , a long black swirling funnel start its malevolent descent from the cloud ... oz hunkers down , brace himself , then it hit : the STORM of the century plung we into deep darkness -- howling , hurricane - force wind -- crash of lightning -- torrent of rain -- and 0z be catch right in the worst of it -- it 's a hellacious death ride -- he 's get whipped and whirle , bashed and batter -- bellow lear-like defiance : oz blow , wind , and crack you cheek ! rage ! blow ! a deafening clap of thunder drown he out , and abruptly we : CUT to : ext . oz - on the floor of the balloon basket —- morning Dead asleep . soaking wet . wisp of steam rise from he clothes because : he 's now bath in brilliant sunlight . he twitches awake , eye flick , relieved to find himself : oz alive . he pull himself up to peer over the side and see : a endless expanse of desert . nothing but sun -scorch sand as far as the eye can see . oz I do not know where on Earth this be , but ... I have get a feel I be not in Kansas anymore . the balloon sail on ... and on ... and on ... and we -- dissolve to : the SUN -- blind , relentless -- the balloon drift by ... ext . oz - on the floor of the balloon basket look very much the worse for wear . he scrounge through he magician 's satchel for probably the umpteenth time , look for something , anything to eat and drink . push aside various gadget and gizmo , he find a flask , upend it over he mouth , but ... nothing ; it 's empty . he find a crumpled food wrapper , lick the last few speck of crumb off it ... then he pull out -- a SMALL , nickel - plate derringer pistol ... he heft it , seem to be weigh a decision , but -- oz no -- do not even think it . you be gonna get out of this . -- squinting up at the terrible sun , know full well that if he do not make it out of this searing sahara soon , he 's do for . and then : the situation get even worse . the engine start to sputter and die , out of fuel . Oz leap to he foot , bellow : oz no ! you can not do this ! not here , not now ! nooo ! please - please - please - please-please . -- caress the machine -- sweet - talk to it -- he fiddle with it -- try to fix it -- finally start hammer on it with he fist . oz damned technology ! Fine , then -- go ahead ! -- betray I you jezebellian jumble of junk ! I have be in more perilous predicament than this ! ( beat ) .-. although , off the top of my head I can not quite remember when . the balloon be quickly lose altitude -- sink towards the desert sand . Oz realize this could be it . oz and I never get to see Paris . or the pyramid . or the Taj Mahal , or ... well bust my button ! 10 . seeing : dead ahead -- a towering mountain range jag peak -- soar into the cloud . and suddenly : a desert thermal send the balloon shoot skyward -- all Oz can do be hold on and hope for the best ... the balloon soar higher and higher -- into the cloud -- a world of white -- snow - cap mountain below ... Oz shiver with the sudden cold ... on the other side of the mountain -- the balloon drift down out of the cloud ... then it actually cross ... over a rainbow ... Oz gape down in wonder at the roygbiv stream of color -- then he see it , spread out before he like a lysergic fantasy ... the land of oz and from above it 's astonishingly beautiful -- a riot of color and lushness and light -- everything somehow tinged with yellow ... and Oz can not believe he eye -- or he incredible good fortune -- murmur to himself : oz if I be dream do not wake I . the balloon continue its graceful descent ... Oz continue to marvel -- then he brighten even further when he see : oz Water . Water ! a river -- sparkling in the sun . the balloon bump to the ground right beside it , and Oz leap from the basket , laugh like a crazy man , run and throws himself into the water -- giddily drink , splash , play -- hallelujah ! save ! -- but then he can not help but notice ... people -- gathere by the riverside a lot of people , normal - size people , all of they oddl dress in some hue or shade of yellow , and they be all just gape at he . Oz come out of the water , drip wet -- and all the people take a step or two back . Oz nod hello -- oz how do you do ? my name 's Oz . and they all bow down to he ! like he 's a King or a God -- and Oz do not know what the hell to make of it . 11 . oz well that 's ... thank you -- that 's very kind . but if you do not mind my ask : where be I ? a winkie man venture forward -- who look and sound a lot like the winkie Guards do in the Movie . winkie man why , you be here , sir . oz yes , I , I understand that , but ... where , my good man , be here ? winkie man the land of Oz , of course ! oz the land of Oz ? you be kid I . you call this place 02 ? winkie man Far as I know that 's be its name since just short of forever . oz if that do not beat all ... I mean , what be the odd ? and the winkie man turn to the other and proclaim : winkie man he 's here ! the great Oz be finally here ! and everyone cheer , long and loud -- then they start hugging and kissing and shaking hand with one another -- tremendously happy and relieved , and -- oz you people certainly know how to make a stranger feel welcome -- but why all the hullaballoo ? winkie man it 's just -- we have be wait ever so long , sir -- and we be all very glad and grateful for what you be about to do ! 12 . oz and , ah , not to be obtuse , but ... what , exactly , be it that I be about to do ? a second winkie man step forward . winkie man # 2 deliver we from the wick witch ! oz the wick what ? but before he can get a answer : all sound abruptly stop -- a sudden hush -- everyone now look west -- where we see : something ... flying toward US -- and at first it 's too far away for we to tell what it be , but soon we see it 's : a young woman -- transported between two winged monkey oz be I see what I think I be see ? Flying monkey ? now I know I be not in Kansas anymore . and as the wing monkey swoop down and gently set the Young woman on the ground , the winkie all bow deeply again . meet : theodora -- and she be beautiful . dress in a open - collare white shirt , black pants , black knee-high boot . she have quick eye , quick movement , a quick , lively mind -- and Oz like what he see . oz you can not be the wick witch . theodora ( laugh ) be that what they tell you ? oz no . but they do just mention something about there be a wick witch , so -- theodora well , I be a witch -- but do I look wick to you ? she smile -- he smile back , with charm -- oz on the contrary . 13. theodora they be no doubt refer to the witch of the South , who be indeed very wick and who be try to overthrow my sister the Queen . ( then , look past he ) be that yours ? -- gesture towards the still semi-inflated balloon . oz yes , yes it be . theodora why do it say '' Oz '' on it ? oz ' Cause that 's my name . oscar Zoroaster phineas Isaac norman henkle emmanuel ambroise digg , at you service . ( tip he hat , grin ) you can call I Oz . theodora I be theodora . ( then ) so , Oz , tell I : what be you ? oz what be I ? why , I be a american -- a Kansas man , bear and breed . theodora but be you a wizard ? ora sorcerer ? -- as the winkie here seem to believe ? oz the winkie ? theodora this be the winkie . you land in winkie County , the western - most quarter of the land of Oz . oz and they think I be a wizard ? theodora why would not they ? you just come out of the cloud , you fall from the sky , and you call yourself oz. ( really need to know --) ( more ) 14 . theodora ( cont would ) so : be you a wizard ? the wizard we have all be wait for ? and Oz can not help himself -- the showman in he take over . oz as a matter of fact , back home I be know as something of a wizard -- a wizard of pyrotechnics and prestidigitation -- I be also a renowned charlatan and a master of illusion -- and if you good folk would permit I just a moment of you kind indulgence , allow I to both illustrate and amaze ! he strut over to the balloon , take he satchel from the basket -- ( the satchel , by the way , also have the name '' oz '' emboss upon it ) -- he pick out a few prop and -- oz okay , gather around everyone -- proximity only add to the wonder -- can I have a volunteer ? how about you , madam ? that 's right -- do not be shy ... and as Oz start he shtick we : focus on theodora ... who 's watch Oz very closely -- watch he magic and , more important , she 's watch the effect he trick be have on the winkie , because : watch 0z 's act , the winkie be become more and more convinced that Oz do have special power -- that he be , in fact , a wizard -- and it 's hard to tell how theodora feel about that ... Oz finish , take a bow , turn to theodora and ta-da 's . theodora so you be a wizard , be not you ? oz see be believe -- and I try never to contradict a pretty lady 's eye . he smile -- like a fox -- she smile back , say -- theodora well , then ... she give a quick flick of she hand , and : lightning flash from her fingertip -- arc into the balloon and -- 15 . ka - booooom ! -- the balloon erupt in a giant fireball -- a huge hydrogen conflagration -- tower flame -- the winkie shield themselves and cower -- Oz be sputtering -- oz wh-wh - wh - what have you do that for ! theodora ( sweet as spun sugar ) I could not just let you leave , could I ? -- my sister would never forgive I . she could use a great wizard like you . oz use I ? for what ? theodora to help she defeat the wick witch once and for all . oz and you think I can do that ? theodora I think you should come to the emerald City and speak to my dear sister . and you should know : my sister be a very powerful witch ... you help she and I be sure she have give you anything you ever want ... oz anything I ever want ... and she can do that , you sister ? theodora she can make you every dream come true . oz ( greedy grin ) y'know that do not sound half bad . theodora no it do not , do it ? Oz glance towards the burn balloon . oz and , circumstance be as they be : tell you what . ( more ) 16 . oz ( cont would ) I will henceforth and immediately cancel all my plan and prior engagement , and I will speak to you noble sister -- wizard to witch , as it be -- see what we can arrange . theodora signal to nikko , one of the wing monkey , who flap to she side , hand she some parchment and a quill . theodora I 'il send word , let she know we be on we way . oz we ? you be come with I ? theodora ( write ) there could be ... danger along the way . the emerald City 's a full day 's walk from here -- at the end of the yellow Brick Road . oz we be walk ? she roll up she note , hand it to nikko , who fly off . theodora this one will carry you thing . kala' the other wing monkey . he fetch 0z 's satchel . oz but why be we walk ? you be a witch -- you do not have a broom ? theodora what would I do with a broom ? oz you could fly we to you sister 's . theodora with a broom ? I do not understand . oz ( see she 's not joke ) never mind . then he leap up on a tree stump , boom to the winkie -- 17 . oz before we go I just want to thank you one and all for you wonderfully warm welcome and you heartfelt hospitality -- I be never go to forget it and I hope to see around next time -- you have be a great crowd ! he hop back down , say to theodora -- oz this place we be go -- theodora the emerald City . oz I do like that name -- green , y’understand , have always be my favorite color . ( rub he hand and grin ) let 's go , then -- no time to waste -- opportunity await ! they start out -- not on the yellow Brick Road yet ; the road here be just cobblestone -- kala monkey - walk behind they -- the winkie bow deeply in farewell -- and when they rise : winkie # 2 see the troubled look on winkie # 1 's face . winkie man # 2 what be it ? winkie # 1 just frown , shake he head -- shake off he concern -- then shout to the other -- winkie man spread the word , far and near : the great Oz be finally here ! ext . en route to the emerald CITY - oz , theodora and kala through roll farmland , past curious - look house -- which all look vaguely like human face . oz so tell I about this wick witch . theodora her Father be the King -- a very powerful wizard and a very evil King . ( more ) 18 . theodora ( cont would ) the wick witch of the South be also very evil -- and a very powerful sorceress -- stronger even than my sister . oz but you sister 's the Queen . theodora my sister have I to help and protect she -- and she have the love of the good people of Oz . we see that kala 's frown , as theodora say , musingly -- theodora they use to be friend , you know , my sister and the wick witch ... but she have no idea how wick wickedness could be , or how easily friendship could be betrayed . ( then ) ah -- there it be -- the yellow Brick Road . in the distance : the yellow brick road -- on the other side of a thunderous river . ext . the river up close we now see that the river 's wide , fast , and deep . oz how we go to get across ? theodora we will walk . Oz look dubious -- as kala pick leave off a strange - look bush . theodora take a few , hand they to Oz . theodora here . rub this on the bottom of you shoe . kala pantomime how to do it . theodora rub leave on the bottom of she boot -- Oz follow suit , then watch as theodora step out on the water -- and that 's onto the water , not into the water -- and Oz can not believe it , can not wait to try it himself -- and he stride out , and when he see he 's not go to sink he laugh with absolute delight , as -- qz and theodora literally walk on water 19 . and 0z be about as graceful as a baby giraffe -- he 's new to this , and it 's hard to keep you balance when white - water 's whoosh and swoosh beneath you foot -- so he teeter and totter , several time he nearly fall -- laugh he fool head off all the while -- theodora walk across stately as a queen -- kala wing he way to the other side -- and when they all reach dry land -- oz that 's the most fun I ever have outside of St. Louis . then he see , right up close now , glow golden in the sun : the yellow brick road oz but that look ... no , it can not be . he rush forward , drop to he knee , start scratch at the yellow Brick , then exclaim -- oz it be ! look at this ! this be pure , solid gold ! ( theodora 's unimpress ) you do not find this incredible ? theodora they do not have road where you come from ? oz not paved with gold , no -- except in people 's dream . theodora then you have come to the right place -- ' cause I assure you , wizard , this be no dream . oz well in that case ... for the behoovement of the common good and in the interest of one and all I think it have probably be best if I take one of this little beauty along with I ... he start pry loose one of the gold brick . 20 . oz strictly for scientific purpose , you understand -- to ascertain and ensure that this be in fact the eighteen - carat Real mccoy rather than pyrite -- iron disulfide -- fool 's gold , in the vernacular . a Public service I be only too happy to provide gratis , free of charge . he slip the Brick into he pocket and stand . oz the emerald City 's this way ? theodora follow the yellow Brick Road . ext . on the yellow brick road - a little later Oz spot : a enchanted apple orchard . oz apple ! I be starve ! theodora I would ask first if I be you . oz ask who ? there 's nobody -- theodora they . the apple be theirs , after all -- and they can be quite picky . Oz frown , but when in Rome ... so he bow to the tree and -- oz Excuse I , hate to bother you , but my companion and I be wonder if perhaps you could spare we a couple of you fine - look apple . he wait . nothing happen . Oz glance back at theodora , be about to just go and pick a apple anyway , when -- one of the apple branch flick toward he -- like it 's swatting away a fly -- and three apple sail through the air , tumble to the ground , roll to a stop at 0z 's foot . 21 . oz uh , thank you -- appreciate it . ( pick up the apple , remark to himself ) remarkable . then he offer a apple to theodora , who say -- theodora no . thank you . oz c'mon , you have gotta eat . theodora ( smile ) you do not know much about Witches , do you ? oz I would not say that -- I have know plenty of Witches in my time , believe I . there be a witch I know in wichita -- you want to talk about wick ? ( shudder at the memory ) she have a face lovely as a summer day -- and a heart as black as a Midnight grave . he toss a apple to kala , take a bite of he own , theodora look as though she 's still try to figure this guy out . theodora we should go . it ’1ll be get dark soon . ext . in the haunted forest deep , dark , forbode . a yellow -eyed owl hoot from a tree . below , Oz add another armful of wood to a cold woodpile , then step back -- as theodora flash lightning out of she fingertip again -- the woodpile burst into flame -- oz someday you have really get to teach I that . 22 . ext . the campfire - later that night theodora 's stare thoughtfully into the fire -- kala 's pick bug off he fur ( and eat they ) -- and Oz be at he satchel -- slip that purloin gold Brick into the case , then take something out ... oz think we could do with a little music . show she : a beautiful little music BOX . he wind it up , set it on the ground -- mozart start to play ... and theodora 's face light up with a almost - childlike wonder and delight -- completely charme -- theodora what be that ? oz it 's mozart . theodora why 's it call a mozart ? oz no , the music be mozart . this be a Music box -- you have never see one ? then here -- take it -- it 's yours . a gift , from I to you . theodora why ? why would you do that ? oz no reason -- I just want you to have it . she hesitates -- then hold out she hand ... theodora no one 's ever give I something just because he want to . oz I can not believe that -- pretty lady like you ? I bet there be lot of man out there who have give you the world if they could . theodora like I say : you do not know much about Witches , do you ? 23 . oz maybe not , but I be tell I 'ma pretty fast learner . ( stand , extend a hand ) dance , 'o lady ? ( off she look ) now you be gonna tell I no one 's ever dance with you before ? theodora ( almost a whisper ) no one ever have . oz then it 's high time you learn a little something . c’mon . and he reach down , haul she to she foot -- take the Music box from she , wind it up again and set it down -- then he turn to she as the music start to play -- oz okay , then -- put you hand up -- like this . good . now put you other hand around I like so ... he take hold of she up - raise hand , put he right arm around she , get a little closer and say -- oz now just try and feel the music , and follow I ... they start to dance -- kala watch they very closely -- they body touch -- backlit by the fire , and -- close on theodora 's face -- and it 's true : she 's never dance with a man -- never be hold by a man -- she 's never before feel some of the thing she 's feel now ... oz you seem a little nervous . theodora this be all ... new to I . oz it always be -- every time . she glance up -- they eye lock and hold . the music end -- and she take a step back -- voice shaky -- 24 . theodora I ... the fire , I 'il -- I 'il gather some more wood . she flitter off into the darkness -- kala scuttling after she -- and Oz shake he head , chide himself -- oz you be the wick one , oscar digg . with theodora -- running -- stumbling -- through the wood excite , frighten , confuse -- hand to she belly , as if she 's try to quell the strange new emotion within -- kala still look at she with great interest -- then he glance up , hear the flap of wing and -- nikko swoops in -- touch down -- have just return from evanora 's -- he hand theodora a roll parchment -- theodora unwrap and read it , tell the two monkey -- theodora my sister want I to be sure this wizard 's a real wizard . ( think a moment , then ) fetch I a rabbit . back at the campfire -- Oz berate he hound - dog self -- oz innocent girl like that ? you oughta be ashamed of yourself . back to theodora -- as nikko bring she back a fluffy tan - color little bunny . theodora set it down . nikko obey . kala return -- watch from a distance , as ... theodora stare fixedly at the bunny -- the bunny quivering with fear -- then theodora smile , do something with she hand and , just like that : the little bunny transform into a full -grown lion . the monkey shrink back -- ready to fly away if need be . theodora ( to the lion ) listen close , then do as I say . 25 . ext . back at the campfire Oz be poke at the fire with a stick , when he hear : a rustling in the wood . he peer into the darkness . oz theodora ? that you ? no response . but then he hear : a low , guttural growl . and , very slowly , Oz pull a tree branch from the fire , the end of which be burn like a torch . he call out again -- oz theodora ? and with a earthshaking roar the lion attack ! -- come charging out of the darkness , make a murderous leap at oz -- oz hit the deck -- the lion goe sailing over he -- Oz quickly body - roll to he satchel -- desperately try to open it with one hand , the other wave that burn branch at the lion -- and we see : theodora -- in the tree -- keep to the shadow -- move to get a better ringside view , as -- the lion circle ... Oz , on one knee , get the satchel open -- shake the burn branch at the beast -- oz stay back ! I be warning you ! ( he other hand fumble inside the satchel ) c'mon -- c’mon -- where be it ? the lion roar -- then charge Oz again ! -- and Oz , still kneel , whip he arm out of the satchel , bring it up and : bang ! he shoot the leaping lion with that derringer of he ! the lion yowls in pain , then turn tail and flee into the forest -- whimper -- and -- oz that 's right ! run ! run , you coward ! and do not come back ! ( check the gun , mutter to himself --) ' Cause I be fresh out of bullet . and thus the cowardly lion be bear -- perhaps -- and -- theodora -- still in the tree -- smile , say -- 26 . theodora satisfied , sister ? -- like she know evanora can hear she , even though evanora 's mile away ... she then gesture nikko over , pen another quick note to she sister -- nikko fly off with it and -- back in the clearing -- Oz turn as theodora come dash out of the wood -- she run to he , all a-flutter -- theodora what happen ! I hear this roaring , then a bang ! oz it be nothing . I just ... ( wipe sweat off he face ) I just fend off a large carnivorous , uh , carnivore -- no big deal -- back where I come from we do that practically every day ... ( he see he hand be shaking like a leaf ) decorum alone prevent I from tussling with the beast bare - hand -- so I just give he a little taste of this -- ( show she the gun ) and he go scamper off like a scared little rabbit . theodora what a odd -look wand . oz wand ? oh , right , yes , well -- it certainly work its magic tonight , do not it ? and do not worry -- I make sure he do not hurt mozart . he hand she the Music box -- and she 's quite touch . theodora thank you , wizard . they eye connect again , and -- theodora we should get some sleep . we still have a long way to go tomorrow . 27 . ext . on the campfire - later that night and we see : Oz be asleep -- kala 's asleep -- theodora 's awake -- hold the Music box -- stare at it ... ext . further along the yellow brick road - following morning Oz , theodora and kala come out of the forest -- into brown - hued Central Oz -- then Oz abruptly stop , see ... emerald CITY : in the distance a spectacular soar skyline -- sleep beauty 's Castle on steroid -- and Oz be appropriately awed . oz the emerald City ... I have see it before , you know . theodora you have ? oz in my wildest dream . come on ! -- quicken the pace -- he can not wait to get there -- and theodora laugh -- he enthusiasm 's infectious , and -- ext . closer to emerald CITY - still on the yellow brick road they pass through a large field strewn with boulder ... then the boulder start to move ... and it quickly become apparent that the rock be really turtle - shell - shape concave shield , under which have be hide : a battalion of gnome -- short , squat , fierce - look warrior with skin the color and texture of stone and beard so long they tie they around they waist -- and they be all armed to the tooth : broadsword , cutlass , battle - axe ... 0 Z go still , then see , even worse -- on the surrounding hillside : more savage warrior -- a mix of growleywogs -- silent , half - clad , eight - foot -tall aboriginal armed with knife and bow and arrow and spear -- and whimsies -- who be distinguished by they extraordinarily broad shoulder and the enormous crazy - color papier - mache mardi gras mask they wear on they amazingly - undersized head . 28 . oz get behind I . theodora do not hurt they . they be here to escort we to my sister . oz ( hide immense relief ) they be ? then lucky for they you stay my hand -- I be about to smite the lot of they ! the Savage horde form a protective cordon around they , start march they towards the city , chant : savage horde oh- we -oh , yo ho ! oh- we -oh , yo-ho ! then we hear : a fanfare of trumpet -- and jump to : ext . emerald CITY - day as the jewel-studded gate swing open to reveal : sheer magnificence -- tower tower , soar spire , flower , fountain -- everything glitter and gleam -- a marching band file in and lead Oz and theodora into the city , into : ext . central square - emerald CITY bell be ringing -- young girl strew rise petal in they path -- all the sidewalk and balcony be line with wildly cheering crowd -- a hodgepodge of Oz inhabitant from all four corner of the Kingdom : winkies from the West , munchkin from the East , gillikin from the North and quadling from the South -- all dress in different regional color and all enthusiastically wave and flutter green - and - white flag and pennant , and -- 0Z be eat this up -- wave to the throng like he 's a return war hero or a campaigning politician -- laugh -- oz what , no firework ? theodora what be firework ? they pass through the arch of triumph -- head towards the emerald Palace -- and what Oz be not see be : 29 . behind the scene -- evanora 's palace guard -- uniform bully - boy pass out the flag and banner , and they be make damned sure the citizen of em City be cheer 0z 's entrance with sufficient gusto -- or else ... give we a sense that thing might not be quite what they seem here in the merry Old land of Oz ... ext . the palace Grand -- glorious -- theodora lead Oz inside . int . the grand entrance hall of the palace the joint chief of the savage army nod deferentially to theodora as she lead Oz through the enormous double door at the other end of the hall , into : int . a incredibly long vaulted corridor seem to stretch on forever -- and at the end there 's another set of tall double door which open all by themselves , into : int . the throne room and there she be , seat majestically on the emerald throne : evanora -- the queen of oz . she 's also the witch of the East . she 's older than theodora , but no less attractive . a very powerful presence -- with a penetrate gaze . theodora wizard , my sister evanora . Oz nod to she . evanora sound curious , almost amused -- evanora you do not kneel . oz no , mar ’am , I do not . evanora but I be Queen . oz and I be a american -- and Americans kneel to no one . a beat -- then evanora smile -- practically purr -- 30 . evanora oh , sister , I like he already . ( back to Oz ) a american , you say -- I be not familiar with the word . you be also a wizard , I be tell . oz not just a wizard -- the wizard you have all be wait for -- here , in the flesh , and at you majesty 's service . another evanora smile , then -- evanora you have have a long journey , I be sure you would like a bath and a bed . this girl will show you to you room . she wave a hand -- two munchkin maids waddle up to Oz . evanora we will speak some more at dinner . oz I be look forward to it . each girl take a hand and they lead Oz away -- kala toddle after they tote 0z 's satchel . evanora wait until they be go , then turn to she sister . evanora you be certain , then , that he 's a wizard ? theodora you see what he could do . evanora yes , I do see . I see it all . -- gesture towards : she crystal ball -- then -- evanora I see then what I see now ... ( a big Big sister 's smile ) you like he , do not you ?... and you want he to like you ... theodora -- almost blush -- can not meet she sister 's eye -- as evanora come up close to she -- circle ... evanora and who can blame you ? you be still so young ... and you still have feeling , do not you ? stirring and ... yearning ... ( mysterious smile ) you do the right thing , dear , bring he here ... int . oz 's chamber - same 31 . the munchkin Maids curtsey they way out the door -- 0z look around the room , which be sumptuous as sin -- oz not bad ... not bad at all . ( then , to kala ) y'know something , monkey ? just between you , I and this four wall ? methink yours truly have finally hit the mother lode , land foot first in the pot at the end of the rainbow , smell like a rise . ( grin ) and if you do not think I be gonna take full advantage , you do not know Mr. oscar digg -- otherwise know as ... the wizard you have all be wait for -- the one and only wizard of Oz ! kala frown -- Oz burst out laugh , and we go -- int . grand dine room - that night Oz and the sister be the only one sit at a long oaken table which could easily seat fifty . Oz finish what have be a real belly - buster of a meal . oz a royal repast fit for a King , if I do say so myself . evanora ( smile , then ) sister ? leave we , will not you ? I would like to speak to the wizard alone . theodora give Oz a quick smile -- and leave the room . watch she go -- then evanora stand , say : Oz 32 . evanora walk with I . Oz graciously offer she he arm -- she take it and the two stroll out to -- int . the incredibly long vaulted corridor evanora my sister 's very pretty , be not she ? oz yes . she be . evanora and she speak most highly of you . oz do she . evanora it seem you make quite the impression . she say you just ... fall from the sky ... oz I do like to make a entrance . evanora yes -- but why here , of all place ? why do you come to 0z ? Oz shrug -- obliquely -- maintain the mystery -- oz could have be happenstance ... could have be serendipity ... or maybe it be destiny ... could have be fate . evanora whatever it be , I be glad you be here . come , I want to show you something . int . outside the room of resplendence two Savage Guards be on either side of a archway -- and the interior of the arch be a curtain of burning FIRE . 33 . evanora gesture to the Guards : begone -- they move off -- then evanora give a little wave of she hand and the curtain of Fire go out , revealing a stout wooden door -- with iron band and multiple lock . another wave of evanora 's hand and the lock fly open , the door swing open by itself , and evanora usher Oz into : int . the room of resplendence the Royal repository of the crown jewel of oz -- gemstone and jewel everywhere you look -- thousand of they , sparkling with the brilliance of a million sun ... and Oz be gape -- while try to sound blase . oz this be , uh , quite the little piggy bank you have get here , highness . evanora you like it ? theodora tell I how much you seem to enjoy bright and shiny thing . there 's a treasure chest fill with gleaming gold coin . 0z run he finger through they like water -- then palm one of the coin , disappear it up he sleeve as he move on and pick up a emerald the size of a ostrich Egg . oz y'know , with this stone alone , I could buy the state of Kansas -- and probably half of nebraska along with it . evanora it 's yours if you want ... Oz stop -- what ? -- and evanora smile , say -- evanora along with this ... and she hold up : the diamond dagger -- which have a 6 - inch blade of razor - sharp steel , a cross guard of filigreed gold , and a hilt that 's totally encrusted with glittering diamond . evanora and all you have get to do be ... kill the wick Witches . oz Witches ? plural ? you mean there 's more than one ? 34 . evanora do not tell I you do not know . oz about --? evanora my dear sister . oz you sister --? evanora I know why she bring you here . oz she bring I here to help you . evanora she bring you here to kill I . oz kill you ? no. with all due respect , highness , you have get it all wrong -- evanora what do she promise you ? that the two of you would share my throne and Crown ? tell I you be not foolish enough to believe it . ( step close , hiss ) but you can believe this : after she seduce you into kill I she would have eat you like a spider . so take this ... she grab he hand , press the diamond Dagger to he palm . evanora ... and prove to I you be the wizard you say you be -- the wizard we have all be wait for . she step back -- and start to dematerialize . evanora kill my sister , then together you and I will defeat the witch of the South once and for all . ( vanish ) kill my sister , wizard -- and you will be king. 35 . she 's go -- disappear into thin air -- and Oz just stand there -- stare -- try to process ... then look down at the Dagger in he hand -- then , abruptly , he jam it in the back of he belt and go tear out of there -- int . the incredibly long vaulted corridor sprint -- no time to waste -- then up some stone stair -- int . hallway outside the royal bedchambers Oz run -- shouting -- oz theodora ! theodora , where be you ! after a moment , a door slowly open -- theodora look out -- with a faint , expectant smile -- theodora wizard ? what be it ? -- like she 's both scared and thrilled to find he here -- ready for whatever he 's get in mind , but -- oz we have get to get you out of here ! behind she we see a shadow swiftly slide along the wall . theodora why ? what --? then : shazam ! that shadow become evanora -- who with a quick angry flick of she hand send 0Z flying through the AIR -- magically -- telekinetically -- bashing he up against the far wall -- as theodora wheel on she sister -- theodora what be you do ! evanora save you silly life ! he come here to kill you ! oz theodora , no , do not listen to she ! another flick of she hand and now Oz be gagging -- choking -- can not talk , can not breathe -- as evanora say to she sister -- 36 . evanora you do not believe I ? another flick of she hand send Oz slamming against the ceiling -- then she bounce he off the marble floor , flipping he upside down , and as he do -- the diamond dagger , jarre loose , fall from he belt , hit the ground at theodora 's foot . theodora stare . evanora out of nowhere he suddenly appear -- you think that be a accident ? no ! she send he here -- send he here to destroy we ! theodora no , I do not believe that -- I -- evanora unless , of course , it be not she who send he ... one final flick of the hand and Oz be rammed head - first into the far wall again -- knock he cold . evanora perhaps it be someone else ... ( move threateningly near ) tomorrow I ’1ll know ... tomorrow you wizard and I be go to have a little talk ... and we can tell from theodora 's expression that ' a little talk 's mean something absolutely horrible . evanora tomorrow I ‘’1ll learn the truth ... and believe I , sister ... ( stroke theodora 's hair ) I do so hope I find out you be nothing more than naive ... theodora redden like she have be slap . evanora snap her finger -- a few savage guardsmen appear . evanora take he downstairs . int . dungeon - 0 z's cell - night Oz slowly waken -- find he 's chained to a stone wall . 37 . gnome guard ( 0.s. ) look who 's back amongst the live . two savage guard -- a gnome and a whimsie -- taunt Oz through the small bar grille of the thick cell door . gnome guard the great and powerful wizard himself . how about show we a little magic , wizard ? whimsie guard yeah , let 's see you get out of they lock and chain -- gnome guard perhaps he want what the Queen 's get in store for he . oz ( try not to show fear ) what 's she go to do , turn I into a newt ? gnome guard oh , no . no , nothing like that . ( beat ) torture , more like . whimsie guard the Queen 's get a real taste for it . so do i. slow roasting 's my favorite . gnome guard I like a good flay myself . flesh make such a fine meal afterwards . -- slurping like he 's suck down a strand of fettucine as -- oz so what 's with the beard ? gnome guard my beard ? oz they do not have barber around here ? a family of rat could be live in there and you have never know it . 38 . gnome guard maybe so , but this here be my pride and joy , the source of my vast potency and strength . whimsie guard or so that ignorant creature believe . you want to beat a gnome in battle , just have a whack at that beard of he and he ’1ll go hie home to he mommy quick as you please . gnome guard and if you want to defeat a whimsie all you have get to do be knock that great silly contraption off he shoulder and that 's the last you will see of he I assure you ! ( stage -whisper to Oz ) they can not bear to be see without they mask , on account of they woefully - wee head -- no bigger than a munchkin 's fist . -- miming the approximate size -- as Oz mutter to himself -- oz good to know . ( then , to they ) and not that this have not be fascinating , fella , but I wonder if you could do I a favor and just leave I alone . gnome guard he want we to leave he alone . whimsie guard the man do need he rest . gnome guard aye , all that wail and scream he 's gonna be do tomorrow can be very taxing on a individual . the savage share a laugh , move from the door , and Oz start contort himself -- try work he way free of the lock and chain , while -- 39 . int . theodora 's room - inside the palace theodora -- at the window -- stare out at the night -- kala sit in a corner , watch she -- as theodora frown , then look over at : the music BOX -- on the vanity ... she walk to it , wind it up -- mozart fill the room -- the music touch whatever 's leave of she witch 's heart ... then : quickly , abruptly , before she have a chance to change she mind -- she grab a quill , scribbles a note , bid kala -- theodora come here . she hand he the rolled - parchment note and a key . theodora bring this to the wizard -- and let no one else see it . go. int . dungeon - outside uz' cell the Savage Guards start hearing voice from inside the cell . various voice I will take the pinhead ... i’1l take the hairy one ... and I will get the door ... do not worry , wizard , we will have you out of here in no time . the voice be Oz 's , of course -- but the Guards do not know that , and simultaneously lunge to the cell door and see : in the cell : nothing . and no one -- no sign of Oz -- just that now - empty chain against the wall . the Guards fumble for they key -- then yank the door open -- rush inside , weapon draw -- still see bupkis , then -- Oz drop down behind they from he hand - hold above the door , snatch the gnome 's key ring , then quick as a flash he 's out the door , slam it shut behind he , and -- oz fare thee well , boy ! -- do not forget to write -- and you can tell that Queen of yours I hope someday a house fall on she head ! and he 's go -- run -- 40 . through the dungeon 's dark stone corridor torch -lit shadow -- scurrying rat -- a lock iron door -- Oz try one key -- then another -- finally heave it open only to come face - to - face with : kala -- who 's so startle he drop theodora 's note -- and he freeze -- Oz freeze -- everything hang in the balance -- what 's the monkey go to do ? -- then : kala goodness gracious I ! we have get to get you out of here ! oz you ... you can talk ? kala no time for dilly - dally ! we must go -- glinda , she will help we ! oz glinda ? kala the witch of the South . oz ( confuse ) but ... be not she the wick witch ? kala no- no -- glinda , she be the good witch -- the sister be the wick one . please , I will explain as we run -- now hurry -- this way -- come -come ! ext . outside emerald CITY - night Oz and kala make they swift , silent getaway , and soon -- int . throne room - a little later the Savage Guards be be grill by evanora -- surround by Savage Generals -- theodora at she sister 's side . gnome guard «+ . Strike I blind if I be lie -- he just disappear like smoke . 41 . whimsie guard cold smoke . do you feel the cold ? gnome guard I do . like the very breath of death it be ... a growleywog guard come in ... hand evanora a rolled - up parchment -- and theodora 's eye widen , because she know : it 's the note she write to Oz ... and as evanora scan it -- gnome guard I be tell you , highness , he 's a great and powerful wizard , that one be , believe I . evanora look up from the note -- gaze at theodora -- then sigh , give a weary wave of she hand and say -- evanora take they away , and kill they . the hapless Guards be drag off . evanora then turn to she Generals . evanora well , what be you wait for ? you find this wizard and you bring he to I -- alive ! -- and whatever you do , do not let he reach the witch of the South ! now go ! the savage skedaddle -- and when the sister be alone ... evanora you wound I , sister -- you really do . what be I to make of this ? ( read the note aloud ) ' I be sorry -- I never should have bring you here -- do not worry I will help you . 's she let the parchment flutter from she finger to the floor . evanora do you help he ? theodora no , sister . evanora I do so want to believe that . 42 . theodora you can -- you should -- evanora but how ? how can I believe you , when you do this to I ! you know what will happen , should this wizard get away ! he will ally himself with she -- theodora you do not know that for sure . evanora but I do . her charm be much , much great than yours ... ( let that needle sink in ) «+ . or mine . just you wait -- you will see . ext . emerald CITY - moment later the savage horde army storm out the CITY gate -- hundred of they -- armed to the tooth -- a lope , quick - march pace -- a cadre of winged monkey fly in formation above they ... ext . rocky tor - night 0Z and kala -- scramble up the mountain -- and as they near the top , kala glance back -- then point -- Oz look , see : the torch -lit savage army on the dark plain below -- the wing monkey fly in formation above they , streaking towards we , close in fast ... kala do something ! oz like what ? kala I do not know -- you be the wizard ! oz yeah , well , sorry -- I be fresh out of miracle at the moment . kala study he a beat -- then start chugge up the hill . kala then come -come -- keep move -- glinda , she will help we . oz good -- where be she ? kala Far from here . oz then how --? kala she just will . 43 . they crest the mountain , and as they run and slide down the far side , we pull up and back and see ... the impenetrable mist a thick , spectral fog sweeping in from the south -- move across the land like a immense ghostly hand ... it envelop Oz and kala ... then the mountain ... and soon the Savage horde and the wing monkey be engulf in a Ocean of cloud ... with oz and kala -- in the impenetrable mist eerie , dreamlike -- Oz can not see a thing . oz where be you ? kala here , wizard . Oz move towards the sound -- find kala -- oz glinda do this ? kala oh yes -- yes - yes -- I tell you , she 's a very good witch . then we see : a glow . kala 's hold in he paw : iridescent orb -- the orb 's a Magic compass . kala take my tail . follow I . 44 , ext . with the savage horde army -- in the impenetrable mist fog-blind , floundering , disorient . three general be cluster together -- a gnome , a whimsie , and a growleywog . whimsie general it 's no use . we will never find he in this . gnome general the Queen will not be happy . whimsie general be she ever ? nothing we can do . ( then ) you think he do this ? gnome general they say he come from the cloud -- now here we be in one -- I be sure such a thing have be easy for a wizard like he . the other two Generals nod , seem to agree ... ext . with oz and kala -- moving through the impenetrable mist illuminate by the orb . as he walk , Oz play with that gold coin he pilfere , deftly roll it through he finger . oz so : you have a name ? kala my name ? my name be kala . oz please to meet you , kala . he stick he hand out -- and kala hesitates -- no man 's ever want to shake he paw before -- and , as they do so -- oz I be in you debt . kala do not thanky - thank I yet , not till we make it safe to glinda . oz and you be tell I she 's a good witch ? 45 . kala oh yes -- yes -ye -- a very good witch -- the only good witch leave ! oz and theodora ...? kala quite wick , but not all the way wick yet , not like she sister -- no -- but soon , I think , soon-soon ! oz ( after a moment , quietly ) she have I fool , you know . they both do . kala laugh -- a real ooh - ooh - ah - ah monkey laugh . kala yes , yes , I know ! but do not feel bad , wizard -- you be not the first man-man to be blind by a pretty face and pretty promise -- lot of men-men just as foolish as you ! oz thanks -- I guess . ( then ) tell I something : the other monkey -- can they talk too ? kala no - no , only I . thanks to glinda . oz theodora do not know , do she ? that you could talk -- or that you be glinda 's spy . kala do not have to answer , because -- kala look-look -- here they be . and Oz turn and see , in front of they : the mist maiden -- beautiful , ghostly female apparition -- they seem to be make of fog -- with flow hair , flow robe , flow arm of white -- beckone they forward ... kala they 'il guide we the rest of the way -- come-come . 46 . Oz hesitates , then follow , the maiden soon envelop they ... ext . emerald CITY - following morning the fog be go -- it 's a sunny day . evanora ( 0.s. ) so he get away ... int . throne room - close on evanora the Savage Generals have report back . evanora -- toy with the diamond Dagger -- glance pointedly at theodora . evanora .-. head South -- straight to glinda , I suppose . ( to the Generals ) leave we . the Generals troop out . the sister be alone . evanora you see now I be right -- either you wizard and fair glinda have be together from the start -- or they soon shall be . which mean , my pretty , that soon you must choose ... between glinda and I . theodora you be my sister . how can you even think I have choose glinda over you ? evanora because there 's still a part of you that still want to be like glinda : beautiful ... and beloved ... rather than hate and fear , like I . ( stroke theodora 's hair ) but that be not who you be , dear -- not who you be mean to be ... I need you , sister -- and halfway be not far enough . join I ... and together we will defeat they -- join I , and together we shall rule for the next thousand year ! ( kiss theodora 's cheek ) and all it will cost you be you heart . off theodora 's look we bleed into a ... 47 . montage : the rumor mill of oz Word of Oz 's escape spread throughout the land . we see various citizen in various place , talk on the sly . various citizen ( like a song ) do you hear ? the wizard escape -- he get away -- he walk through wall -- he disappear -- he 's eight foot tall -- do you hear ? ext . oz and kala —- on the road south - morning Oz stop , hand on hip , peer off . oz what 's that I be look at ? kala that ? that be quadling country , just on the other side . oz but on the other side of what ? the reason he 's ask : everything for the next half - mile or so look regular and normal , clear as a bell . Beyond that , though , be what appear to be : a shimmering wall -- extend east to west as far as Oz can see -- everything beyond it hazy as a mirage . Oz and kala approach ... Oz tentatively touch the Wall ... can not push through it -- it 's a force - field of some kind . oz glinda 's work as well , I take it . how do we get through ? kala how do I know ? I be just a monkey . you be a wizard , you do something . Oz fumble for a response -- and kala laugh . kala kala just kid ! and he smile , raise up the orb -- which suddenly launch itself off he palm , shoot off into the Wall -- and when orb and Wall meet a sparkling portal appear ... kala gesture : let 's go -- and the two pass through . the Wall close behind they . and now they be in : 48 . ext . quadling country and 0z look back at the Wall and marvel . oz y'know , back where I come from a man can get pretty fizzle on the same old usual . but around here , even the commonplace be really quite extraordinary , be not it ? kala wizard , I leave you now . ( off Oz 's surprise ) I must speak to glinda . you just take - take this road here -- bring you straight to glinda 's Castle . you will be alright . just be careful when you cross the Ripple land . and off he fly -- Oz shouting after he -- oz what 's the Ripple land ? kala do not answer , do not even look back . Oz shrug , start walk . and soon he 's right smack in the middle of : ext . the ripple land which be , as baum describe it : na succession of hill and valley , all very steep and rocky , and they change place constantly by rippling . while [ 0z ] be climb a hill it sink down under he and become a valley , and while he be descend into a valley it rise up and carry he to the top of a hill . this be very perplex to the traveler . 's and so it be for Oz -- and at first he have a hell of a time navigate he way across -- but eventually he make it back to solid ground again -- and before long he find himself in : ext . dainty china country and as he walk he notice he shoe be make a chink sound -- so he stop , rap that gold coin against the ground . oz sound like ... fine china . 49 . he look around , and see : everything around he seem to be make of fine china -- the land , the tree , the farm , the horse and pig and cow -- they be all as smooth and shiny as paint porcelain . then he see , near one of the barn : a dainty china girl -- teeter along the top of a fence divide a dainty China Chicken coop from a dainty China pig sty . the girl look up -- Oz give she a jaunty wave -- and , startle , the girl lose she balance and tumble into the pig sty just like dorothy do in the Movie -- the China Pigs start squealing -- Oz come run -- oz sweet jumpin 's jiminy -- be you alright ! -- then he see : the china girl 's leg have snapped clean off . she sound remarkably calm , albeit a bit perturb . dainty china girl could you help I up , please ? he lift she up out of the sty . dainty china girl now my leg ? he reach over the fence , hand she she leg . oz be there someone I should call ? a doctor , or --? dainty china girl no , my mother have some glue inside . oz I be sorry -- I do not mean to startle you , I -- dainty china girl you be that wizard they have be talk about , be not you ? oz afraid so . dainty china girl you do not look much like a wizard to I . oz what should a wizard look like ? 50 . dainty china girl do not know -- I have never see one before . ( beat ) think you have be bigger . she start hobbling towards the house , use she detach leg as a cane , then look back . dainty china girl you will help we , will not you ? oz um , sure I will . sure . and you be sure you be alright ? dainty china girl I be fine , thank you . she 's go -- and Oz remark to himself -- oz Fine , she say . her leg snap clean off she body but she 's fine . ( then , to the China Pigs ) y'know , I be about this close to lose my capacity for surprise ? the China Pigs do not care . then one of the China chicken plop out a dainty china egg . Oz reach over the fence , pick it up , flick it with a finger : Fine china . oz simply extraordinary . he stick the China Egg in he pocket , walk on , while -- int . theodora 's room - emerald CITY - same theodora wind the Music box ... start dancing to the music ... eye close ... alone ... remember ... then she startles , see : evanora 's come into the room . evanora just think you should know : you wizard be now in quadling country . ( head back out ) where , no doubt , he will soon be dance with fair glinda . she 's go -- theodora 's cheek scald red . 51 . ext . the hammerhead hill Oz approach a narrow mountain pass -- whistling to himself , roll that gold coin through he finger -- then he hear : hammerhead ( 0.s. ) stop right there . see : the hammerheads -- three very short , squat , surly - look character with flat- top head and no arm -- block the road in front of he . one snarl : hammerhead who be you ? oz name 's Oz . hammerhead sure it be -- hammerhead # 2 I be sure . hammerhead listen , you , just ' cause we head be flat do not mean they be empty , so if you have get any brain in that noggin of yours you 'il turn right around and go back the way you come ! no one come through here without we say - so -- hammerhead # 3 and to you we do not say so , to you we say no -- hammerhead # 2 so be go and do not delay ! oz ( sigh ) look , fella , much as I have like to be neighborly and obliging , I have come a long way and I really do not have time for this . 52 . and as he start to push past they : hammerhead # 1 's head suddenly shoot out from he body -- neck stretch like a jack-in-the - box -- and the flat part of he skull slam into Oz ''s gut -- knock he fly into the air -- the second hammerhead deftly catch Oz on the flat of he head like a soccer pro -- then he boing he into the air again -- hammerhead # 3 's turn next -- and the hammerhead continue to volleyball Oz back and forth like a human beanbag for a while -- and all Oz can do be oof and ouch until : kala ( 0.s. ) you , boy , you stop it ! kala swoops in for a landing . kala you cease this shenanigan ! glinda , she 's wait for this man ! the hammerhead stop -- Oz hit the ground with a thud -- the hammerhead scowl , collectively -- hammerhead what 's glinda want with he ? kala him , he be the wizard ! and the hammerhead 's jaw drop . hammerhead you be the wizard ? why do not you say so ? we have be wait a awfully long time for you , y’know . oz you have ? why ? hammerhead # 3 so you could get we we arm back . hammerhead the wick witch of the East , she take ‘em away -- and as long as she sit on the emerald throne we will be like this -- hammerhead # 2 can not even pick we nose . they all scowl again and nod . Oz say , falteringly -- 53 . oz okay , so ... I will speak to glinda , see what I can do . hammerhead we be count on you , wizard ! oz you and everyone else , it seem . -- and he sound burden by that -- then , to kala : oz to glinda 's , then . off they go -- and soon , they come to it at last ... ext . glinda's castle White , radiant , glorious -- seem to be make of live crystal . Oz be dazzle -- kala lead he inside . int . castle courtyard like the garden of Babylon -- but not a person to be see . oz where be everybody ? kala do not know , who be you expect ? oz Guards , servant , courtier -- this be a castle , be not it ? kala glinda , she be a witch -- anda witch - witch need no one . oz independent-minded , be she ? I like that in a woman . kala ( stop , turn ) but I be tell you she 's not a woman -- she 's a witch . oz how ' bout you let I be the judge of that ? 54 . -- with a wolfish grin -- and kala roll he eye -- they continue into the castle -- and in moment we arrive in : int . glinda 's private chamber very long , very high , many - window -- french door lead out to a balcony -- and , as with the rest of the castle , there 's no one to be see . oz you gonna let she know we be here ? kala no need ! and he point -- through the open french door -- and 0z look and see , in the distance , come towards we -- a magic bubble ... look like a big opalescent bubble of soap . Oz glance at kala -- kala just grin -- and the bubble keep wafting towards we , settles down onto the balcony -- the bubble vanish , and there she be ... glinda and she be , in the word of Joseph Campbell : '' the paragon of all paragon of beauty , the reply to all desire ... the incarnation of the promise of perfection . '' she step into the room -- have the bear of a pirate Queen . glinda so. you be the wizard everyone 's talk about . I be glinda . and Oz just shake he head -- sound absolutely awestruck -- oz no ... I know who you be : you be venus and Aphrodite , ishtar and isis , you be helen and cleopatra , ophelia and juliet . you be the reason man write poetry . you be why man fight war . and glinda smile -- dryly -- glinda yes , kala tell I how fond you be of word . he also say he be not sure if you really be a wizard . oz he do , do he ? 55 . -- scowling at kala , who nod enthusiastically -- glinda so , then -- be you ? oz a wizard ? guess that all depend on how you define the term . can I turn water into wine , dross into gold ? no. nor can I make mountain tremble or part the Seven Seas . however ... he reach towards kala -- seem to pluck that dainty China Egg right out of the monkey 's ear . oz I can at time astound and amaze . ( make the Egg disappear ) illusion 's my game . glinda illusion as in : not real . oz Madame , you cut I to the quick . glinda evanora , I understand , want to do even worse than that -- oz that she do -- glinda but you get away ... which lead I to believe : even if you be not a wizard , you be certainly resourceful -- and therefore , perhaps , useful . oz ( scowl ) what be you get at ? glinda the good people of Oz have be wait for a wizard to come and free they from evanora 's evil rule . and even if you be not that wizard , right now you be the only wizard I have get ... she walk out onto the balcony . 56 . glinda the only wizard they have get . Oz look puzzle -- glinda gesture : come look . ext . glinda 's castle balcony Oz step out , and see : a sea of people -- hundred , maybe thousand of they -- stream towards the castle from every direction . oz who in the Devil be they ? glinda the good people of the South . they have come to see the great wizard who 's go to lead they against the sister and they Savage Army . Oz gape at she -- then stare out at the in - come flood -- and they be come from different city , different clan , different tribe -- we go in closer and see : cuttenclip soldier -- who , from the front , look very impressive -- march smartly , rifle on they shoulder , dress like beefeater Guards ... hammerheads , whom we have already meet ... dainty china soldier and farmer -- they glaze china clothes and body shine in the sun ... a phalanx of fuddle -- fairly normal - look people except for the thick haphazard puzzle - piece line on they face and body and clothes ... and lastly : the sterling inhabitant of utensia -- who be walk kitchen utensil : knive and fork and cleaver and scissor and spoons -- all with eye and arm and leg -- the scissor en Pointe like ballerinas -- and when the good people of the South look up and see Oz , a tremendous cheer go up -- Oz feel oblige to wave back to hem -- say to glinda , through a fix smile -- oz all this people ... they want I to lead they into battle ? glinda they want the land of Oz to be free . 57 . oz okay , look -- you need a wizard , I will be a wizard -- but I be not a warlord . what you need be someone with brain and heart and courage -- glinda we need you . oz why ? why can not you do it ? theodora tell I you be the most powerful sorceress of all . glinda but there be two wick sister , and if I try to fight they alone they might well destroy I -- and if I should die , hope and dream would die here in the land of Oz -- would die for a thousand year . ( adamant ) no -- it have to be you . oz and what if I say no ? glinda then I have be very disappointed . oz you would not be the first . glinda and I would banish you forever from quadling country . oz throw I to the tender mercy of the wick sister , you mean . ( then ) and you call yourself a good witch . glinda a good witch be still a witch , and a witch want what she want -- and I want this people to be free . a beat -- then Oz smile -- craftily -- like something she just say hit a chord with he . 58 . oz back where I come from , nothing 's free -- so tell you what I be gonna do . I be gonna go down there and have a little look - see at what you be give I to work with -- then you and I be gonna have a little parlez-vous ... so now , if you will excuse I ... he move past she , climb over the railing and climb down the trellis which go from the balcony to the ground . glinda signal to kala -- kala flap down to join Oz as -- qz review the troops -- kala trail behind he like a master sergeant . and to call this a highly irregular Army be to put it mildly . 0 Oz first stop in front of : the hammerheads -- a lot more of they than there be before -- all look as surly as a armless gang of Dead end kid or card - carry member of the lollipop Guild . oz I have already see this boy in action -- a good group to have if you get into a tussle . the hammerhead nod to each other -- still scowling , but satisfied -- and Oz move on to : the dainty china soldier and farmer -- all as smooth and glossy and apple-cheek as dresden figurine . oz very pretty -- but can they fight ? kala discreetly shake a no . next up : the fuddle -- who all stiffen they spine and try to look stalwart and strong for Oz -- who can not help but stare at the thick jigsaw line which pattern each of they body and face like scar . they leader be name farnsworth -- oz what happen to you people ? farnsworth fuddle what happen ? nothing happen -- we be bear like this . oz I see . 59 . farnsworth fuddle do you ? most people find we rather ... puzzle . oz can you fight ? farnsworth fuddle we love to fight , sir -- provide , of course , that nothing untoward or unexpected occur -- you know : loud noise , sudden attack -- anything that would get we frighten or surprised . the thing be , sir , we fuddle have a tendency of sometimes fall all to piece . oz falling all to --? and just like that : the fuddle fall to piece -- just collapse in a jigsaw heap -- there 's part of he face here , half he shoulder there , the crook of a elbow next to that . oz ( absolutely flabbergasted ) do he just --? he do , he just ... farnsworth fuddle ( 0.s. ) do not concern yourself , sir -- I be quite all right ! Oz look closer : a puzzle piece of farnsworth 's mouth be move -- under another piece which feature a blinking eye . farnsworth fuddle see ? -- I will have myself back together in no time . he 's already piece himself back together . oz do it hurt when you do that ? farnsworth fuddle not at all , sir . come apart at the seam be actually quite relax -- relieve a lot of stress , as you can imagine . Oz look at kala , then move on to : 60 . the cuttenclip soldier -- and there seem to be thousand of they -- all almost identical in they military finery , in perfect line and perfect row -- and Oz sound pleased -- oz ah , here we go ! now this man look like soldier ! this man -- he 's so happy he clap one of the Soldiers on the shoulder -- and the cuttenclip 's torso rip almost in two ! and this so startles Oz that suddenly he sneeze -- and dozen of the cuttenclip go flutter - fly back into one another as though they just get hit with a bomb-blast ! oz be this man make of ... paper ? kala oh yes -- magic paper -- a little old lady , she make they ! -- she 's very - very jolly , very sweet -- oz ( glaring up at glinda ) but they be paper ! you be give I Paper Soldiers ? he move on to the utensil -- who look hard and hone -- oz now we be talk ... yes ... I reckon this sterling citizen could kill a Savage or two ! glinda no , they cannot . oz Excuse I ? glinda they be enchant -- and anything enchant can not kill . and this knock 0z completely for a loop . oz can I ... speak to you a moment ? and he clamber back up the trellis , heatedly gesture for glinda to join he back in -- 61 . int . glinda 's private chamber oz you be tell I that none of this people can kill ? glinda no one bear here in Oz can kill ... except Witches -- and wizard -- oz and the sister 's Savage Army ? glinda the savage be not from here ... nor be they enchant . oz so you be say : they can kill . but the good people of Oz -- glinda cannot . oz you want I to lead a Army that can not kill . glinda if this be easy , we would not need a wizard , would we ? oz ( sly as hell ) that 's right ... and , like you say , right now I be the only wizard you have get . so what I want to know be : what 's in it for I ? glinda Excuse I ? -- and now Oz be in he element -- he 's see a angle here and he 's work it -- oz what have you think , you be deal with some babe in the wood here , all dewy - eye and wet behind the ear ? no , and the way I see it : banish I and you have get nothing -- they have get nothing -- so what I wanna know be : I do this for you , and what do I get out of it ? 62 . glinda ( ice ) what do you want ? oz if I be gonna risk my neck I wanna be reward . which mean : if , in the highly unlikely event we somehow manage to defeat the wick sister and they Savage horde , as soon as we march into the emerald City I wanna go straight to that room evanora take I to and I wanna load up with all the gold and jewel and gemstone I can carry , then I wanna get out of this cockamamie country and go somewhere where monkey do not fly and Witches be not try to kill I and everyone else be not look to I like I be the answer to question that have nothing to do with I ! ( then , rhapsodically ) I just wanna go where the rich people go ... I wanna walk through room of soft carpet , I wanna sleep in bed of eiderdow , I wanna drink champagne out of cut crystal and I wanna live in a house high on a hill -- and when I pass by people on the street in my gild carriage I want they to turn to each other and say : there go somebody . -- see it in he mind 's eye -- like what he 's see . glinda very well then . that would be a small price to pay for the freedom of my people . oz then it sound like you and I have get ourselves a deal . he grin , step past she , back onto -- ext . glinda 's balcony where again he look out over the crowd again -- at they upturn face -- see they hope and they faith , then -- 63 . glinda and would not it be funny ... if you turn out to be the man they imagine you to be ...? ( he snap a look at she ) ... the man you have always dream of be ? he stare -- she strike a nerve -- it 's like she look right through he -- and she smile -- knowingly -- he look back out at the Sea of people -- as we go -- int . emerald CITY - throne room - same evanora 's gaze into she crystal ball -- theodora come in . evanora ah . there you be . come see : I be right . seeing : oz and glinda -- in the crystal ball -- still out on glinda 's Castle balcony -- the huge crowd still below ... evanora you wizard and glinda be now together . he have choose ... soon you must too ... she turn she gaze on theodora -- theodora try to keep expression out of she face -- but still ... evanora it hurt , do not it -- I can see it , yes : it pain you heart ... -- she word like a drip-drip-drip of slow poison -- evanora to know he use you ... to know he play you for a fool ... he make you believe , do not he ? -- and do you still ?... what do you think , that someday he will be come back for you , ask you to be he Lady Love and Queen ? ( a smile ) do not worry , my pretty , he will be come back ... a flicker of hope -- but then the diamond Dagger suddenly appear in evanora 's hand -- 64 . evanora .-. but not to ask you for you hand -- he will be come to chop off you head ! and theodora -- deeply stung -- bolt from the room -- int . the incredibly long vaulted corridor - with theodora running -- actually seem to be fight back tear , and -- theodora no -- no ! -- hand to she face now , over she eye -- and she stumble -- theodora do not ! do not ! stop ! she wail -- in pain -- blindly keep move -- staggering -- int . theodora 's room she stumble in -- one hand still across she face -- feel she way across the room to the Mirror on the Wall . she stand in front of it , remove she hand , and we see : theodora -- in the mirror -- and she have be cry -- still be : a single tear leak from each eye -- and both that tear be leave burn-line on she face -- smoke rise ... theodora -- breathe hard -- berate herself -- theodora stupid . so stupid . serve you right . she dab at she eye , then see : uz' music BOX -- and with a quick backhand swipe : she knock the music BOX smashing to the floor . a munchkin maid hear the crash , come hurry in . theodora resume stare into the Mirror , just say -- theodora get _a broom . ext . glinda 's castle - night the crystal spire against a backdrop of a zillion star . 65 . oz ( 0.s. ) and what 's this here , to the east of the emerald City ? int . glinda 's library a land map of oz -- spread out on a low table in front of a blaze fireplace , the room 's only light -- 0Z and glinda on separate chair , shadow fluid on they face . glinda that be the deadly poppy field . steer well clear of they -- they can put you to sleep forever . oz right now eternal rest do not sound too bad . he yawn , pick up he goblet of wine -- then lean back , rub he face -- do for the night . glinda have to ask : glinda so what do you think ? you think this be go to work ? oz c’mon , what be you worried about ? this be gonna be child 's play -- a walk in the park . ( another big yawn ) I mean , what 's the big deal ? all I have gotta do be lead a rag-tag bunch of irregular who can not fight and can not kill against a Army of murderous savage who not only can fight and can kill but , I be tell , actually quite enjoy it -- glinda -- yes they do -- oz and if somehow , against all odd , we manage to make we way past the heathen horde , then all we will be face be two wick Witches who not only have some serious magic literally at they fingertip , but who , no doubt , be eager to visit the torture of torquemada on my mind , body and person ! ( yawn , rub he eye ) ( more ) 66 . oz ( cont would ) like I say : child 's play . what could be easier ? glinda but that 's what a wizard do ... he do thing everyone know can not be do . and 0z give she a long , long look -- he so want to tell she the truth -- instead , he drain he goblet , return he tired gaze to the flame -- and , almost unconsciously , he take that gold coin from he pocket , roll it through he finger . oz y'know , back where I come from there 's a wizard by the name of Thomas alva Edison -- the wizard of menlo Park . I once travel three hundred mile just to meet he -- even get to shake he hand . glinda be he a good wizard ? oz no : he be a great wizard -- he be a man who make a difference . you know what he do ? he invent the electric light ... and the phonograph ... and a camera that let you take move picture . glinda picture that move ...? oz ( eye close ) a prime example of good old american know-how and ingenuity . that 's all it be -- all you need ... good old american know-how and ... ingenuity ... he 's asleep . the gold coin drop to the floor . glinda rise , take the goblet from he hand , cover he with a blanket , place the gold coin back in he pocket . glinda sleep well , wizard . and dream of Victory . dissolve to : 67 . int . glinda 's library - later that night Oz suddenly wake up -- have he Eureka moment . oz I have get it . he fling off the blanket , jump out of the chair , rummages around the room -- find what he 's look for : sheet of paper and a quill - tip pen -- and immediately , feverishly , he get to work -- sketching , draw -- design -- and off the scratch of he pen we jump to : int . glinda 's private chamber —- morning glinda 's here with kala -- as Oz burst in , all excited , wave he sketches in the air . oz I have get it ! I know how we can beat they ! what I have in mind be a historic extravaganza of olympian proportion ! use good old american know - how and ingenuity , smoke and mirror , Son et lumiere , I intend to create a illusion of such magnificent magnificence that it will boggle the mind and bedazzle the sense ! it will , in other word , send the sister and they Savage Army into such paroxysm of awe and wonder that they will flee the emerald City like rat from a burn barn ! ( then , much quieter ) and the one tiny little potential hiccup be ... I have no technical expertise whatsoever and , therefore , no way of turn this renderings into reality . glinda ( smile ) then you must speak to the elve at Smith & tinker . they should be able to help you . kala nod -- yes -ye -- and we go -- 68 . ext./ int . smith & tinkers workshop - day look like Santa 's workshop without the snow -- and the elve look a lot like Santa 's helper . Oz be here with kala . two master elve be leaf through Oz 's drawing ... master elf should not be a problem . when do you need this by ? oz Quick as you can . master elf come back day after tomorrow . not before lunch . the master elve turn and walk away -- already discuss between themselves who 's go to be do what . ext . smith & tinkers workshop - moment later Oz look up at the sky -- and have a think . oz that fog the other night -- you say that be glinda 's do ? can she do that whenever she want ? kala oh yes -- that and more . oz she 's a heckuva woman , be not she ? kala ( with a scowl ) but I tell you , she 's not a woman . oz yeah - yeah , I know -- get it -- she 's a witch . in . glinda 's library - later that day Oz be give the various clan leader they march order . he gesture to some of the scissor people , and tell the very old , strangely girlish , apple - cheek miss cuttenclip -- oz they 'il help you -- just tell ‘em what to do and how to do it . ( more ) 69 . oz ( cont would ) ( then , to everyone ) any question ? the dainty china mayor stand and give Oz a snappy salute . dainty china mayor begging pardon , sir . but the China people , we want to contribute -- we want to fight ! the other china people present nod in agreement . Oz get up , come over and shake the mayor 's hand . oz that 's very valiant of you -- most laudable -- and I appreciate the sentiment , believe I -- but here 's the thing ... with a quick twist of the wrist , oz snap off the man 's arm . oz see , that 's a problem . ( hand the man he arm , then , to the other ) alright , let 's get to work . montage : the clan prepare for war miss cuttenclip and dozen of magic scissor be cut out hundred of Paper Soldiers ... China people be painting the Soldiers in martial color the fuddle be on the champ de Mars , in military row , and when farnsworth fuddle shout a command the fuddle in unison all fall to piece ... the hammerhead be practice they head -butting skill ... and Oz be oversee everything -- seem more energize than we have ever see he . end montage . int . glinda 's library - evening Oz be sit down with glinda and kala . oz I be guess you have friend inside the emerald City -- friend you can trust . glinda we do . how many do you need ? 70 . oz however many the elve need to set thing up . now ... glinda ( interrupt ) you be enjoy this , be not you ? oz enjoy it ? glinda I can tell . oz ( a beat ) can you also tell I be terrify ? glinda of ? oz all of it . I mean ... for the first time in my life people be count on I -- they be rely on I -- glinda and be that so terrible ? oz it be if we fail . glinda we will not . oz but if we do , you say it yourself : it would mean the death of hope and dream here in the land of Oz . glinda then we will just have to make sure that do not happen , will not we ? another pause , then -- something that 's be bother he -- oz and when we get to the emerald City ... I be wonder ... what about theodora ? glinda what about she ? 71 . oz you think there 's , well , any chance she might join we ? I just think ... there 's still some good in she . glinda yes there be -- but I be afraid that will soon be go . ( gently ) theodora 's doom . she 's try to resist she sister and the wickedness within she for the longest time -- but that time , I think , be about to run out ... and even you can not save she . int . smith & tinkers workshop - next day master elf and on this , you will notice , we make a few modification . Oz be examine one of the complete contraption . kala 's here with he . master elf we think if you add a few more of this -- here , here , and here -- instead of this it should look more like that , round instead of flat . Oz study the schematics -- then look up . oz you be a genius . a genius on par with the great Edison himself ! master elf try tell that to my wife . ( move to next table ) now over here we have get ... oz ( 0.s. ) my father die a break man ... int . glinda 's library - that night flame in the fireplace . oz and glinda -- alone . 72 . oz he be a preacher , who go from dusty town to dusty town sell dream of a better life and a better world -- but this world and this life beat he down to next to nothing , and even as a child I promise myself that be not gonna happen to I . I might have come from the dirt but I always believe my future be in the star . ( look over at she ) and I believe that future be now -- I can feel it -- my whole life 's be lead up to this . glinda I believe that too . I believe this be you destiny . ( beat ) and I believe in you , wizard . he gaze at she for quite a while , then , finally ... oz you_know I be not a wizard . of course she do . she reach over , take he hand . glinda but you be a good man -- and sometimes that 's enough . oz glinda ... she shake she head , tell he -- glinda get some rest . tomorrow the future begin . ext . glinda 's castle - next morning uz' army be here in force -- flag and standard flap in the breeze -- utensil ... hammerheads ... paper soldier ... fuddle -- ready to march . dainty china people be here to wave they heroes off -- some of the dainty china girl so catch up in the moment they be actually crying solid dainty china tear -- which fall like pebble to the ground -- or shatter into powder . 73 . kala help glinda onto a pure white steed . a footman lead a second horse to Oz -- who can not help but notice that the horse 's coat be a ever- change kaleidoscope of color . oz what kind of horse be this ? footman why it 's a horse of a different Color , sir . oz of course it be . Oz mount , then wheel and give he troops he best Henry V. oz my friend ! back where I come from we have a say : ad astra per aspera -- it 's the motto of the great State of Kansas and in wizard - speak it mean : '' to the star , through difficulty . '' we also say : E pluribus unum : '' out of many , one . '' and that be we today : one people -- one army -- and , together , we shall reach the star ! be you with I ! ( the Army roar back a resounding yes ! ) be you with I ! a louder yes ! -- then , to glinda , under he breath -- oz this be you last chance to talk I out of this . glinda just smile -- then shout out to the troops : glinda to oz and the emerald CITY ! the Army start to march -- the China people wave and weep and hurrah -- and we pull back and up and we go -- int . throne room - evanoram palace the wick sister be seeing uz' army in the crystal . 74 . evanora and so they march . soon there will be no more sand in the hourglass ... soon you must decide ... theodora turn to she -- fretful -- tear -- and we go -- ext . the shimmering wall - morning Oz 's Army approach the border -- everything on the other side wavy , mirage - like -- then glinda sweep a arm , and the shimmering wall disappear -- Central Oz be now clear as a bell . Oz himself look skyward . oz Nice day we be have ... but I be tell the weather around here can change just like that . -- snap he finger -- then glinda smile -- glinda actually it 's more like this ... and she slowly raise she arm , call forth : a enormous snowstorm a wall of white come roaring in out of nowhere and engulf the whole of Oz 's Army in a howling blizzard -- from above we see the STORM spread over they -- spread wide -- spread mile in every direction -- wide enough that it would be impossible to pinpoint the Army 's location -- and the strangest thing be ... with the army -- inside the STORM -- the weather here be ... perfectly calm . it 's like they be in the eye of a wintry hurricane -- in the middle of a parte Red Sea -- with tower cloud vortexing above and all around they -- a swirl ceiling , whirling wall -- but down here at ground level , there 's only the slight breeze ... oz you , m’lady , be magnificent . ( then , to the troops ) abracadabra , ad astra per aspera and E pluribus unum ! and as the Army move forward -- the calm eye of the STORM move with they ... 75 . evanora ( 0.s. ) and still you hesitate ... int . throne room the sister -- gaze into the Crystal -- see the Storm -- evanora what 's it go to take , sister ? do you intend to wait until they be inside the city gate ?... ( suddenly grab theodora by the hair ) i_can not wait any longer ! I need you and I need you now ! theodora wrench free -- evanora keep at it , keep on she -- evanora what be you so frighten of ! what be you holding on to ! he do not love you ! he will never love you ! he be come here to kill you ! once again the diamond dagger magically appear in she hand -- she savagely stab it into the table , embed the blade in the wood . evanora the time have come -- you must accept the evil inside of you ! you must embrace the hate ! theodora -- eye on the Dagger -- finally shriek -- theodora alright ! stop it ! -- alright ! -- I will do it ... evanora suppress a smile -- crook a finger -- evanora come . int . grand dine room - evanora 's palace - moment later theodora 's seat at the table -- stare -- as evanora drip potion from a vial on a shiny red apple -- drop by drop ... theodora will it hurt ? 76 . evanora fleetingly . then you will never feel pain again . theodora nor love . evanora what good have love ever do you ? what good have good ever do you ? ( the apple 's ready ) there now . one bite be all it take . one bite , and the world will change forever ... one bite , and you will be able to fly ... one bite -- or glinda will soon be seat on the emerald throne -- as_ the wizard 's bless Queen ... that do it : theodora snatch up the apple , take a savage bite , and almost immediately it begin : theodora’s transformation a violent inner upheaval -- the sudden shock and pain of it flash across she face -- she push back from the table , hand to she chest -- convulsing -- shriek -- theodora what 's happening to I ! evanora ( soothingly ) that 's only what 's leave of you heart ... wither away . soon , my pretty , you will feel nothing at all except ... beautiful wickedness . theodora 's gasp , fight for air -- face and body contort -- she sink to the floor -- hunch over -- fold in on herself -- face hide -- she breathe slow , then ... theodora oh yes ... yes ... now I understand . and as she lift she face we see : her chin have lengthen ... she nose have hook and grow ... and her skin have turned completely GREEN -- and she have become : the wicked witch of the west she see she hand -- see the color -- feel she nose and chin -- go to the Mirror on the Wall ... gaze at herself . 77 . evanora a simple enchantment can have you look just the way you be ... if you want . theodora no . this be I now . she whirl around -- lurch to the window -- fling it open -- order the savage general wait in the courtyard below : theodora keep only enough of you here to protect the Palace and the Queen . the rest of you : you will exterminate the wizard 's Army -- but leave the wizard himself for I ! now go -- go ! whimsie general but ... who be you ? a beat -- then theodora cackle -- proudly proclaim -- theodora i_am theodora -- the wicked witch of the west ! the Generals storm off , as -- theodora hurry , wizard -- I want to dance with you again -- a different dance this time -- a wedding dance ... I get marry , you see -- to wickedness -- and from now on : the bride will wear only black ! ext . emerald CITY - day the savage army thunder out of the city -- gnome , whimsy , growleywog , wing monkey -- ext . the great plain of oz the savage flood onto the great plain -- fan out -- but then , look out , here it come -- glinda 's STORM -- a rolling , billowing wall of white 78 . it slam into the Savage Army -- with shriek wind -- slashing ice and snow -- the wing monkey be flung from the sky like rag doll -- and all the Savage Army can do be hunker down right where they be -- huddle together -- soon they be cover , mound in snow , and -- int . throne room theodora fight to shut the window against the wind -- finally get it close -- wheel to face she sister -- theodora look at you -- calm as a clam . evanora a storm like this be no easy task , even for a sorceress as powerful as glinda . the longer it last ... theodora -- the weaker she 'il become -- evanora and when it end we will get to see what kind of a wizard this wizard really be ... if he 's the wizard everyone say he be ... theodora you do not believe , sister ? evanora I believe we shall see . ext . with oz 's army - in the eye of the STORM - early evening Oz be watch glinda closely -- and the sister be right : the storm have clearly weaken she . Oz glance at kala . oz how much further ? kala we be here . and as the wall of snow in front of we recede we see : a pyramid of rock a jumble of boulder fifty foot high . 79 . oz the cave be under there ? how do we get in ? kala Magic . -- look to glinda -- and she summon up the last of she strength , circle she hand in the air , and ... the STORM wall start close in on they -- narrowing and lift to form a spiralling funnel overhead -- glinda direct this snaky funnel over to the pyramid -- to one particular huge boulder -- and the funnel pick it up and whisk it away just like dorothy 's farmhouse , revealing : the mouth of the cave . Oz , impressed , turn to compliment glinda , just as she eye roll up in she head -- Oz leap off he horse , catch glinda as she fall -- pass out . the STORM be over . night 's fall fast . Oz carry glinda into the cave , while -- ext . the great plain of oz the Storm have end here , too -- the savage be digging themselves out of the snow -- a gnome general be say -- gnome general let 's get some fire go . we 'il camp here tonight . int . the cave torchlight reveal : a subterranean wonderland -- a vast central cavern -- tower stalactite and stalagmite -- a underground river -- tunnel stretch into the darkness ... kala the tunnel , they go all the way under the impassable Desert right into the Savage land . oz ( still hold glinda ) so that 's how the savage get here . kala evanora , she bring they in -- to help she fight - fight glinda 's father . he 's the one who close the cave , just before he die . 80 . oz how do he die ? kala I think you know . he die save glinda . evanora , she kill he . ( then ) come -come , we find a place to lay she down . int . a chapel -like hollow in the cave wall Oz gently set glinda down inside it . kala they be friend , you know -- glinda and evanora ... and evanora , she use that friendship , use glinda 's goodness to trick -trick and trap she , because she know that glinda 's Father the King would do everything in he power to save she ... and that 's when evanora , she strike like a snake . glinda , she see she father die . oz kill by she friend . ( echoe theodora ) she have no idea how wick wickedness could be , or how easily friendship could be betrayed . ( then ) how long will she sleep ? kala whatever you do , do not try to waky - wake she with a kiss . we need you , wizard . oz ( a quizzical look , then ) let 's get everyone ready . int . elsewhere in the cave - later spark fly as , one by one , scissor , knive and cleaver step up to hone they blade against live spin whetstone . sergeant cleaver next ! -- let 's go ! -- look sharp ! 81 . Oz pass by -- and a little further on we see : two hammerheads -- harassing a paper soldier -- use they breath to huff and puff he back and forth between they . oz c’mon , boy , leave he alone . the hammerhead scowl , but stop . kala appear . kala the munchkin , they be here . int . outside the cave - the pyramid of rock - night emerald CITY munchkin -- glinda and kala 's inside guy -- be help the Smith & tinker elve load they stuff onto small wagon and cart , pull by miniature horse . Oz and kala be with the main munchkin , who 's name M. oz we be count on you . M. munchkin and the good people of Oz be count on you . both smile , shake hand . oz see you in emerald City . ( then --) what 's the matter ? M. munchkin nothing , just ... think you have be bigger . -- and this from a guy about three foot tall -- and as he climb on he tiny horse he say -- M. munchkin the other will be here before first light . the munchkin and the elve start out . int . the cave - with glinda - later still asleep -- then she eye butterfly open -- she see 0z sit nearby -- he 's be watch she sleep . he smile . 82 . oz you be awake . glinda and restore . oz we be ready whenever you be . int . the cave - moment later Oz stand with arm as extend , as that freshly - sharpen scissor and knive and cleaver climb up he leg and torso and_settle themselves in -- in he belt -- in he pocket -- he 's soon sheathed in steel , bristle with blade -- other hone utensil be load themselves onto kala -- still other be step into a rucksack -- which Oz loop over he shoulder -- then he look to glinda -- oz let 's do it . ext . outside the cave - the pyramid of rock glinda step closer . Oz do -- glinda make a little motion with she hand -- and the two of they be envelop by the magic bubble -- 0Z -- inside the bubble -- marvel -- excited -- oz sure beat a broomstick do not it ? the magic bubble and kala fly off , to -- ext . the great plain of oz - night overlooking the enemy encampment . the Savage Army be asleep : a grunt , snore , wheeze , scratch , mumble sleep . then we see , come out of the night sky to the south : the magic bubble -- and kala . they land on the ridge overlook the encampment , then head down the hill with kala and the knive and scissor and cleaver -- into the enemy encampment -- where quickly , quietly , the utensil climb off Oz and kala and out of the rucksack , and they all get to work clipping and chopping off the gnome 's beard -- and slicing the mask off the whimsie warrior . 83 . and we get we first look at the whimsy real head -- and they really be just appallingly , embarrassingly small . Oz and glinda and kala keep snipping and shearing , and we -- dissolve to : ext . outside the cave - the pyramid of rock - night just before dawn . Oz and glinda and kala return with the utensil -- Mission accomplish , safe and sound -- to find : munchkin have arrive with miniature munchkin horse - drawn hay wagon and ox cart . cuttenclip Soldiers be march out of the cave and load themselves onto the cart and wagon -- lay themselves flat , one on top of the other , so that hundred can be stack together and still only be as high as a couple of ream of paper . the munchkin teamster then cover they up with hay . we also see : the fuddle and the hammerheads be ready to move out together . Oz shake farnsworth fuddle 's hand . oz safe journey . keep yourselves together , man ! ( then , to the hammerhead ) and you boy , use you head ! give ‘em what - for ! the Army start out -- the hammerhead and fuddle head west -- the munchkin head north with the hay-hid Paper Soldiers . then glinda close she eye -- like she 's receive a transmission of some kind -- then she smile -- glinda the elve have make it safely into the emerald City . kala and look-look . behind the eastern hill : the first glimmer of dawn . ext . the great plain of oz - the enemy encampment — same and as the Savage Army start to awaken , we start to hear ... a ungodly howling -- a great wail and gnash of tooth -- as gnome realize they have be barber -- whimsy see they have be e-mask -ulate -- and they be horrify -- beside themselves -- can not deal -- and so -- 84 . they run -- just go instant awol -- a mad , Mass stampede -- collision -- confusion -- savage scatter in every direction -- as we hear a furious prolong screech and go -- int . throne room - emerald CITY - same theodora come run in -- now dress head to toe in witchy black -- she hear the screech -- evanora 's screech -- see evanora stare into the Crystal -- seethe -- evanora the gnome -- the whimsy -- they be flee -- they be go . theodora glinda alone could not have make they do that . the wizard 's Army , where be they ! evanora I have not find they yet . theodora soon as you do , you let I know . -- already on she way out , and we follow her out to -- int . the incredibly long vaulted corridor as she storm down the hall , she see a munchkin maid , sweeping the marble floor . theodora snatch away the broom . theodora give I that ! he want a broom ? I will give he a broom , and sweep he to he doom ! ext . outside evanora '’s palace theodora come out -- and fly off on her broomstick -- grim , determine , focus -- a black bolt across blue sky -- M. munchkin and the master elf -- hide -- watch she from below -- then go back to they secret preparation ... ext . enchanted apple orchard - day the hammerheads and fuddle have reach they destination . 85 . farnsworth fuddle alright , everyone , spread out , and prepare yourselves ... int . throne room - emerald CITY evanora 's watch this all on she Crystal Ball -- evanora sister . the enchant orchard ... ext . the great plain of oz - same theodora have arrive to take charge of the Savage Army -- surround by growleywog and nikko and the wing monkey -- she 's telepathically communicate with she sister -- then she whirl , order nikko and the monkey -- theodora to the enchant orchard ! kill everyone you see ! go! ( the monkey fly off ) the rest of you : I want a line of sharpen steel between here and the emerald City . the growleywog move out to form a maginot line across Central oz. meanwhile -- int . the cave - same glinda frown -- she sense -- know -- glinda the wing monkey be on they way to the orchard . Oz nod -- exhales -- here we go -- D - Day 's about to begin ... ext . enchanted orchard - day seeing : the winged monkey -- in - coming -- a dark cloud against the sky like a murder of evil crow . farnsworth fuddle brace yourselves , man ! hold firm and wait until they land ! the fuddle straighten they shoulder , stiffen they spine . there 's no sign of the hammerhead . 86 . nikko and the winged monkey swoop in -- hit the ground run -- draw short sword from they belt -- and with horrific simian shriek they come charge at : the fuddle -- who immediately all fall to piece -- every man-jack among they just fragment and collapse , and -- the winged monkey be confuse -- they primitive little brain be not expect this -- and they warily come forward and start paw through the puzzle pile -- inspect they with ignorant frown -- and then , now that all the monkey be here on the ground -- the hammerheads attack -- spring out from behind the tree and start jackhammering the monkey with they Jack -in- the- box head -- ping -pong the primate between they -- the fuddle quickly re - assemble and join the fight , and -- the hammerheads and fuddle launch the monkey into the tree -- high up into the branch , snap off leave and twig and apple -- and the tree do not like that one bit , and they start whaling on the winged monkey -- limb and branch just hammer the hell out of they , and soon -- the monkey be finished -- every one of they tko 'ed . the fuddle tie the monkey up . Victory be theirs . int . the cave - same glinda suddenly start smiling -- Oz see it , and know -- oz they do it ? ( off she nod ) now the cuttenclip -- if they make it through . her smile fade -- she share he concern -- and we go -- ext . on several different road in central oz - day in a quick montage we see : munchkin wagon and cart -- get stop by growleywog Warrior . some of the wagon be just wave on through -- other receive a rudimentary search -- which entail nothing more than a growleywog jabbing he spear in the straw . then they wave the munchkin on , and we end montage and go : 87 . ext . the poppy field — afternoon and it be a Sea of scarlet poppy -- poppy whose odor be , accord to baum , ' so powerful that anyone who breathes it fall asleep , and if the sleeper be not carry away from the scent of the flower he sleep on and on forever . 's the munchkin teamster have halt a safe distance from the field , remove the hay and straw from the cart . the cuttenclip paper soldier peel themselves off one another and disembark -- some of they sport the rip and tear they receive from the point of probing growleywog spear . the paper soldier MARCH into position -- form into row in front of the roll red field -- mightily impressive , and -- int . throne room - same evanora see this on she Crystal Ball , say -- evanora sister ... ext . the great plain of oz theodora cock a ear -- receive evanora 's silent message -- shout to the growleywog Warrior nearby -- theodora to the poppy field ! follow I ! she hop on she broomstick -- take off -- shoot down the line of Warrior -- spread the word -- int . the cave glinda 's see this in she mind 's eye -- tell Oz -- glinda theodora and she Warrior be head for the poppy field . oz please do not let there be a wind -- not yet -- glinda I will not . Oz glance at kala -- who 's quiet , worried -- clearly whatever 's about to happen be crucial to Oz 's plan ... 88. ext . the poppy field - afternoon from the paper soldier 's Pov : first they see theodora on she broomstick -- a black onrush dot in the sky -- then the lope army of growleywogs , spear- tip flash in the sun . from the growleywogs 's Pov : a countless number of blue - jackete cuttenclip in front of the red , red field . theodora just remember they can not kill you . now water that pretty red flower -- with pretty red blood . the growleywog general turn , raise he spear , let out some guttural war-cry , snap he spear down -- and the growleywogs let fly with a thousand arrow . the cuttenclip soldier look up -- see this arrow-storm sizzling towards they -- the cuttenclip stand they ground -- and_ the arrow pass right through they -- not a single soldier fall , and -- theodora 's stunne -- what just happen ? -- and -- int . the cave - close on glinda glinda ( eye close ) now ... and she puff out she cheek and blows , and -- ext . the poppy field - on the cuttenclip soldier a sudden wind sweep in and blows the cuttenclip soldier back into the poppies -- so it look like they be retreate -- and the growleywog warrior go charging up the hill -- war - whooping like banshee -- a sound to freeze the blood , and -- deeper in the poppy field -- glinda 's wind keep flutter the cuttenclip farther into the flower -- and theodora sense something 's wrong -- and shriek -- theodora no ! it 's a trick ! don ’t --! the growleywogs do not listen -- blood lust high -- and _ in full battle cry they set upon the cuttenclip -- stabbing and slashing -- ripping the Soldiers to shred -- but then ... the poppy start work they narcotic magic ... 89 . the growleywog warrior start dropping like opiated fly -- soon every last one of they be in a deep , drugge sleep ... theodora can not believe it -- for the briefest little moment we see a flicker of fear -- then she eye narrow -- theodora deftly do , wizard -- and glinda too , I be sure . but you have not win yet -- far from it . see you at emerald City -- my sister and I will be wait ... and she jet off on she broom , back to emerald City , and -- int . the cave glinda we turn now . oz showtime . ext . emerald CITY - that night a very dark night ... savage guardsmen patrol the gate -- a growleywog warrior man the rampart above -- then he hear something , quickly wheel to he leave to see : kala -- zooming through the AIR toward he -- towards we -- fist cocked and : pow ! -- kala crunch a punch into the growleywog 's jaw , knock he cold -- the Savage go down in a heap , he spear clatter onto stone , and -- other savage sentries hear it , come racing to investigate -- see kala -- who scamper -- on foot -- and the savage give chase -- and when the balustrade be clear ... the magic bubble waft in -- oz and glinda have arrive in em City -- but before they separate , glinda smile -- glinda welcome to you destiny . and Oz be as honest as he 's ever be in he life -- oz I do not do this for destiny . I do it for you . 90 . then quickly , he turn and go -- glinda gaze after he -- then she pull up the hood of she cloak , hide she face in a cowl . she move off , into the shadow , while -- int . elsewhere in emerald CITY kala 's still lead the Guards on a helluva chase , and -- int . a SMALL dark corridor - inside the palace glinda move along the stone wall -- she hand against it -- then pause as if she 's listen to something far beyond we hearing -- and then ... she step through the wall -- just walk through solid stone , into -- int . throne room evanora 's on the emerald throne -- do not even turn around as glinda silently materialize behind she . evanora I have be expect you . glinda of course you have . you know this day would come . evanora I be sorry -- be I suppose to be frighten ? -- of you or this false wizard of yours ? glinda false wizard ...? evanora do not tell I you believe -- glinda in he ? as a matter of fact I do . evanora you always be so gullible . glinda yes , once upon a time I even believe in you . gl . evanora you believe in we friendship . and you believe that , deep down , there be some good inside I ... ( sneer ) you be foolish then , you be foolish now -- too foolish , I think , to live . would not you agree , sister ? theodora ( 0.s. ) definitely . glinda slowly turn -- and there 's theodora . theodora so good to see you again , glinda . glinda do not you look lovely . theodora yes , do not I -- I be sure you wizard would say the same -- he do tell I green 's he favorite color . glinda then I be sure he will enjoy sit on the emerald throne . evanora you mean my throne . glinda I mean my father 's throne . Oz the great and powerful will be sit there by morning . evanora ( cackle ) the great and powerful --?! glinda just you wait -- you will see . then , just as lightning flash from theodora 's finger , glinda abruptly vanish into thin AIR . theodora scowl ... theodora what if she 's right ? what if the wizard be --? 92 . evanora -- he 's not -- as will be prove to you by morning -- for by morning he 'il be dead . theodora that 's a pity . I want to kill he slow . int . elsewhere in emerald CITY - with oz he slip around a corner -- see , up ahead , in the shadow : M. munchkin -- gesture : this way -- but then -- winkie guardsman ( 0.s. ) there he be ! Oz wheel , see : six winkie guardsmen ... M. munchkin quickly slip back into he hide place as the guardsman advance on Oz -- spear raise -- the steel circle close -- Oz see no escape -- so , think fast -- oz there who be ? winkie guardsman you , wizard . -- spear-point now inch from 0z , who somehow laugh -- oz wizard ? I ? I be not the wizard ! and the guardsman hesitate ... winkie guardsman yes you be -- sure you be . oz how could I be ? gentlemen : look at I ! I be just a man , and have not you hear ? the wizard of Oz be ten foot tall -- he breathes smoke and fire -- he be by all account and by any stretch of the imagination -- but that 's as far as he get , because : suddenly the winkie guardsmen all collapse to the floor -- they body seem to just disappear , leave behind a jumble of hat and cloak and spear , then ... rat start wriggling out from under the muddle -- the transformed winkie guardsman -- courtesy of : glinda -- to whom a greatly relieved Oz say -- 93 . oz think you have never get here . come on ! M. munchkin reappear -- Oz and glinda follow he into the shadow , as we start to hear : the tolling of a bell ... int . / ext . emerald CITY bell tower kala ’'s ringing the bell -- haul on the rope like a craze quasimodo -- barricade here in this tower while , outside , the savage guard try to break down the door . and as the bell continue to loudly ding and Dong ... ext . the street of emerald CITY the citizen of em CITY come out of they house -- wonder what all the commotion 's about , and -- int . emerald CITY bell tower the savage successfully smash the door down -- kala fly out the tower window -- safely away , and -- ext . central square - emerald CITY the em CITY citizen gather in the Central Square ... savage palace guard keep they well back from the Palace , and -- int . in a secret location - inside emerald CITY the master elf be peer out . oz ( 0.s. ) Close the curtain . the elf turn , and we see : Oz -- stand inside a circle of very strange - look camera device . he say to glinda -- oz let 's begin . glinda give a sharp wave of she hand , and just like that -- ext . emerald CITY all the torch in the city go out . 94 . int . behind the curtain - in the secret location glinda pull the cowl back over she head , smile at Oz . glinda ad_ astra per aspera . oz E pluribus unum . glinda head out -- Oz say to the master elf -- oz here we go . ext . central square - the extravaganza begins dry-ice smoke start billow in from all side -- hugging the ground -- prompt murmur from the crowd ... then : from under the arch of triumph -- a explosion of smoke and FIRE . and even before the smoke clear we hear -- booming , amplify -- like the Voice of God himself ... oz's voice do not fear , good people of oz -- do not fear ... and then , under the arch -- we see it -- see he : a larger - than - life hologram of 0Z -- spectral , see-through -- oz's voice it be I : the great and powerful wizard of oz ! geyser of FIRE shoot up on either side of the hologram . uz' voice where be the wicked sister ! evanora ( 0.s. ) we be here ... evanora and theodora -- on the palace balcony . theodora flick a hand -- the torch next to they reignite . evanora and we be anxious to see just how great and powerful you truly be . theodora signal -- and the palace guardsman rush the hologram -- shoot arrow and flinging spear -- which harmlessly pass right through the image of Oz -- and when the spear and arrow hit the floor ... 95 . glinda -- in she shawl -- gesture -- and the spear and arrow transform into snake -- and go slithering off into the shadow ... the hologram laugh with scorn . oz's voice wicked sister ... in you ignominious ignorance and hate did you really believe that such pusillanimous piece of impotent armament could harm the great and powerful 02 ? theodora perhaps you would prefer this ! and suddenly : there 's fireball in her hand -- which she heave at the hologram -- the fireball expanding en route so that when it hit it totally engulf uz' image -- turn the space beneath the arch into a curtain of flame -- the citizen shrink back from the light and the heat and -- behind the curtain -- in the secret location Oz motion to the master elf -- cut ! -- then step up close to a single , larger camera- type device , and -- back in the central square when the fireball die out we see ... Oz 's image be go . there 's nothing there under the arch any longer . the wicked sister cackle -- triumphant -- but only for a moment ... behind the curtain Oz signal -- the master elf flick a switch , and -- back in the central square another terrific booooom ! of smoke and fire erupt under the arch -- and this time when the cloud clear we see : qi's face -- a enormous spherical holographic moon face -- like the face dorothy will see when she go to see the wizard year from now -- and the moon face start to grow ... get bigger and bigger ... then it start floating up into the air ... and as it rise , in a voice like roll thunder -- uz' voice how dare you doubt I ! 96 . theodora doubt you ? -- I defy you ! uz' voice then witness and observe ... as I unleash the star ! and then it begin ... first a single streak of light zip across the sky like a meteor ... then two more ... then three -- zip , zip , zip ... then more and more and more -- crissing and crossing , slashing the sky , then all at once -- it all stop . theodora and evanora exchange a look -- be that it ? -- but then ... 0 z’s moon face chuckle ... then thunder louder than ever -- uz' voice behold ! and the sky seem to explode ! and , as Oz himself would probably say it , what follow be : na firework fantasia more spectacular and stupendous than any the world have ever see !' and no one in em City have ever see anything remotely like it -- it 's eye-goggling and mind - boggle -- the fourth of July time fifty -- and , as Oz have predict -- the palace guard savage -- terrify -- run like rat from a burn barn -- break rank and high - tail it for the hill -- evanora ( shriek to theodora ) do something ! theodora turn -- then zap a steady stream of lightning from she fingertip into 0z 's holographic Moon face -- and the moon face laugh at she -- then boom to the crowd -- uz' voice good people of 0Z , look and see : the weakness of wickedness ! and we can tell : all this zap be sapping theodora 's strength . the lightning first dim -- then fade out completely -- and she slump against the railing . evanora sister ? 97 . glinda -- down below -- in the shadow - smile to herself -- then thrust she hand up and forward -- and _some great shimmer pulse of ENERGY flash up to the balcony -- the surge slam into the sister -- knock evanora clear through the doorway -- she go slide on she backside along the floor -- she hair awry -- animal fear in she eye for the very first time -- theodora 's still on the balcony -- on she hand and knee -- the sister lock eye . evanora we must leave . theodora no ! evanora the night be he . we leave and there will be other night . theodora 's waver -- then a roman candle slam into the Palace wall right beside she -- explode in a supernova of red , white and blue . hidden smith & tinker elve FIRE more firework at theodora -- she 's be bombard -- rocket and Roman candle strafing the Palace wall -- she have to duck and cover -- snarling with rage -- shriek towards 0z 's Moon face -- theodora this isn ’t over , wizard ! Mark my word : you will watch each other die ! she run into the Palace , help she sister to she foot -- and the two wick Witches beat a hasty retreat down the hall . int . theodora 's room theodora grab she broomstick , fling open the window . look back -- evanora 's just stand there -- look devastate . evanora curse they -- curse they all . theodora do not worry , sister , we will . all in good time . evanora nod -- regally walk past theodora to the window -- raise she arm , the long fold of she sleeve spread like wing -- then she take off -- soar like a nighthawk -- theodora sail after her -- on her broom --— 98 . ext . on a spire - high above the CITY kala see the wick sister fly away -- have a trumpet looped on a strap -- he blare a tantara -- ext . central square everybody hear it . the firework stop . the tantara continue -- a fanfare of victory -- and the celebration begins -- like a explosion -- a outpour of utter joy -- kala flap down off the spire , and -- behind the curtain kala rush in -- charge up -- monkey - laugh -- kala we do it , wizard -- you do it ! the wick Witches : gone-gone ! Oz beam -- glinda step through the curtain -- all aglow -- glinda you be wonderful . oz yeah , that 's I : the wonderful wizard of oz. he sweep she into he arm , be about to kiss she , when -- glinda what be you do ! oz I be ... try to kiss you . glinda but I be a witch . oz believe I , I have kiss worse . glinda but ... my kiss would kill you . a search beat -- then he set she down . oz you mean ... kill I kill I ? -- compos mentis , kill I dead ? 99 . she nod -- kala do , too -- it 's true ... oz not even one tiny kiss ? glinda much as I might like to , wizard , I prefer you alive -- as do the good people of Oz . her smile 's bittersweet -- Oz shake he head . oz ai not that a kick in the pants ? kala nod -- yes -ye -- and we go -- ext . emerald CITY -— following day a glorious celebration be in full swing . there 's a parade -- marching band -- dancing in the street . and we see : the hammerheads -- who now have they arm and hand back -- strutting along , some clasp they hand over they head like middleweight champ , other shaking hand with everyone within reach -- include the dainty china mayor -- the one whose arm Oz snap off -- who 's with he daughter the dainty China girl -- and no longer be they dainty China -- they have be restore to flesh and blood , and -- ext . central square a stage have be erect -- crowded with VIP 's -- a munchkin dignitary be at the podium proclaim -- munchkin dignitary no one who be here last night will ever forget it -- such wizardry ! such wonder ! what a whiz of a wiz we wizard be ! so sound the bell , ding Dong , ding Dong , the wick old Witches be go ! a cheer go up -- music plays -- tower bell start to ring -- int . the room of resplendence Oz have stuff he satchel full of about a gazillion dollar worth of gem and jewel . but then ... he hear the bell , hear the citizen break out in song , and he go to the window , peek through the curtain -- see the celebration -- the laugh and sing and dance , then -- 100 . glinda ready , wizard ? Oz spin , startle -- do not hear she come in . then ... oz I be not go . I be not leave Oz . I can not . glinda hold she breath -- and wait . oz if I do , you know what would happen here . glinda the wick sister would no doubt return , and could well reclaim the emerald throne . oz and I can not let that happen . I will not . the people need a wizard and I will be they wizard -- I 'il be the wizard of Oz . the answer glinda have hope for -- and expect -- she glow . glinda you be a good man , wizard . oz yeah : who know ? glinda ( sweep a arm ) you people await you . but Oz just shake he head , glumly . oz no . I can not do that , either . if I go down there the good people of Oz will see I for what I really be : a common , ordinary man . glinda wizard , you be neither common nor ordinary . 101 . oz nor be I a great and powerful wizard -- and that 's what the people need I to be -- what they need to believe I to be ... they need a myth , not a man -- which be why I can never again let they see the real I ... I have get to keep up the illusion -- I have get to stay behind the curtain ... glinda it will get lonely there . oz I know . ( look at she ) I be sure you know it , too . glinda I do -- all too well . oz ( another moment , then ) I need a pen and some paper . ext . central square - moment later kala come out of the Palace , clutching a piece of parchment . he march towards the stage . int . emerald throne room 0Z and glinda be at the window , watch from behind a curtain when , suddenly : there 's a SOUND like a sonic boom ! ext . central square everyone stop , look up and see , slashing across the sky : theodora and evanora -- on broomstick -- burn broomstick -- trail black smoke -- skywriting the word ... just you wait the citizen exchange nervous glance , nervous murmur -- theodora and evanora finish -- and zoom away -- theodora leave behind one last wick cackle ... after they be go : silence -- uncertainty -- then -- 102 . on the stage -- kala prod the munchkin dignitary -- who step to the podium and cry : munchkin dignitary good people of Oz ! I have here a missive from the great wizard himself ! and I quote ... ( read from the parchment ) ' as you wizard I hereby decree that henceforth and hereafter the land of Oz will forever be free ! 's a great cheer -- the music and dancing start up again , and -- int . throne room - behind the curtain 0Z and glinda gaze down at the reveler ... oz tell I this be not a dream . glinda it 's no dream . oz good . I do not want to wake up and find out none of this be really real -- ' cause y’know something ? ( turn and smile ) there 's no place like Oz . ext . central square the celebration continue -- but for we we have reach ... the end .