pacific rim by Travis beacham preface : lexicon ( a supplementary guide to pertinent term and jargon ... ) * anteverse . the older , parent universe on the other side of the interstice + bruiser . ( slang ) jaeger gunner + btb . brain-to-brain interface ( see pon or drift ) * conn-pod . the jaeger 's detachable cockpit module ; sometimes call a conn * cosdec . Pacific rim Combined special Defense Corp * drift. ( slang ) a joint vision share by jaeger crew member while directly link via the pon ; trigger by subconscious stimulus , a generally involuntary but seldom debilite phenomenon + drivesuit . the jaeger / pilot interface suit design to monitor vital sign and to translate nerve signal to piloting input * ghost-drift. ( slang ) a kind of quasi-telepathic vision share ( by party with a pre-exist pon connection ) without the aid of a hard neural interface ; commonly trigger by stress , physical proximity , or coincide rem sleep pattern + headspace . ( slang ) virtual space inside the o/s in which crew telepresence interact ( see pon or drift ) * hud . the jaeger 's perceptual head - up -display ; project inside the subject 's brain + the interstice . the rift between we universe and the anteverse ; in the mid-pacific at a depth of about 5 mile + jaeger . specialize threat response mech ; pilote by a two - person crew via direct neural linkup * kj. ( slang ) kaiju + kodiak . main campus of the cosdec Defence College leftover . ( slang ) the survive crewmate of a jaeger operator who be kia ( exceedingly rare ; in the majority of incident , both crew member perish ) loccent . short for local Command Center , command and dispatch for local operation midway . highly classified research facility and surveillance station ; hq for cosdec 's ultra-secret Science division osaka exclusion Zone. formerly the city of osaka ; render uninhabitable from radiological and biological contaminant of first kaiju attack pon . the btb server specifically design to facilitate the direct neural interface require to operate the jaeger the precursor . the unofficial sci-division code name for the hypothetical entity on the other side of the interstice Science division / sci-division . a ultra-secret research arm of cosdec ( see mipway ) trespasser . report name for the first kaiju ; know from the November 9th attack on osaka V -50 jumphawk . the vtol tiltrotor aircraft use for jaeger deployment wetport . direct neural interface prosthesis ; a outlet behind the ear by which the pon can port directly into the user 's temporal lobe blackness . a deep , thunderous boom , like a mountain hit the ground . a garble radio voice laugh triumphantly . voice ( filter ) game on ! that sonuvabitch be down ! int . conn - pod zuma -1 -- dusk we be tight on a young man 's face -- he square jaw tense ; he short , dirty blond hair damp with sweat ; he eye focus and urgent . he 's raleigh antrobus ( 23 ) , a rare sort of pilot . we do not see much . it feel dark , cramped , and busy . perhaps a cockpit . we be dimly aware of Raleigh 's view reflect on the glass visor of he helmet -- a flat , blue horizon . raleigh stand by for confirmation ... voice ( filter ) ral ! we get he ! nothing get up from a hit like that ! Raleigh 's tension start to ease , but just as a smile of relief begin to creep across he lip , we see something move in the reflection on he helmet -- a shape ; distort , out of focus , monstrous , vast ... alive . chill in its size and obscurity as it rise to darken the reflection . we hear a bone-shuddering roar . Raleigh 's smile melt away . his game - face quickly take hold . raleigh look sharp , yance ! he 's get up ! int . counselor' office -- day Raleigh wake on the couch ( a year older ) . he unplug a wire from a port behind he ear and quickly sit up . his counselor , a calm man in uniform , unplug he own wire , disconnect from the pon brain - to- brain server . Raleigh perches anxiously on the edge of the couch . the counselor give he a second . Raleigh scratch the data port discreetly embed in the flesh behind he ear lobe . raleigh I need to get this damn thing take out . I be not a driver any more . ( continued ) continued : counselor I know you have have a rough go at it so far , but the port can actually be useful in therapy -- raleigh share headspace with my own brother be crowded enough . I do not wanna make room for anyone else . counselor alright . we can do it the old fashioned way . talk it out ... raleigh no. listen . I do not want to relive that day . okay ? I want to bury it . counselor but you can not avoid the triggers . this be the world we live in now . Raleigh stand up to leave . the counselor catch he , put a hand on he shoulder and confide earnestly . counselor ( cont ’d ) this be a dagger in you heart , man . the deeper you bury it , the harder it hurt . you will feel it every time you hear about another attack and you will not know why ... raleigh I can tell you why -- because I be helpless . and nothing you can say will ever change that ... int . lobby -- continuous Raleigh pass the reception area on the way out . a handful of uniform personnel be glue to the news on a wall - mount tv . Raleigh stop . he can not help himself . on the news , we see shot of topple building , upturn car , and splinter japanese billboard . the label at the bottom of the screen tell we it 's Tokyo . CNN anchor ( filter ) -- the second attack in four month , up from last year -- ( beat ) just a moment ... ( continued ) continued : in the chaotic rubble , we pull back from a " hill " that turn out to be the flank of some vast carcass , entrail spill across the fracture street like sagging hot air balloon . we see also the wreck of a heavily - armored , human -shape mech -- a jaeger . men drag the distraught gunner from the wreck , a young asian girl in a form -fitting drivesuit ( more later ) . CNN anchor ( filter ) ( cont ’d ) we be see the gunner now . and official be confirm that tragically she crewmate , pilot aki seto , have die in the attack . Raleigh shake himself from the grim news and promptly exit . ext . shinagawa -- night a cluster of tent amidst heaps of rubble . the wreck jaeger and kaiju carcass still loom in the background . helicopter circle overhead , throw light down on the mess . super : shinagawa incident Zone -- Tokyo , Japan int . medical tent -- continuous the improvise field hospital swarm with doctor treat the casualtie of the attack . the gunner from the news footage , mako mori ( 22 ) , sit catatonic , she arm in a sling . her hair hug she face ina helmet - like chinese bob . she have firm and quiet bear . a man in uniform spot she . stacker pentecost , a black briton with a face that be at all time the very picture of confident serenity . he try to get she attention . ( note : hereafter , italicize dialogue indicate " speak japanese with English subtitles . " ) pentecost Lieutenant mori ... Lieutenant ... Lieutenant ... mako ... finally , she look up . pentecost ( cont ’d ) they have clear you to go . mako how 's the jaeger ? pentecost the core 's fry . he take a seat beside she . ( continued ) continued : pentecost ( cont ’d ) aki be a hero , mako . he save the city . he save you life . she do not react . pentecost ( cont ’d ) you can go now . you know that , right ? you do not have to stay . slowly , she turn to he . mako where can I go ? my jaeger be break . my winger be go . what be I now ? who be I ? ext . jaeger -meister 's bar & grill -- night a dive bar front a small , gravel parking lot off a dark seaside highway -- a island of neon in the night . super : jaeger - meister 's bar & Grill -- Port hueneme , California flick ( pre - lap ) so do we source have a name ? int . compact car -- continuous the dive 's neon sign cast a lurid glow on the windshield . in the driver 's seat , felicity " flick " kincaid . a clever girl in fade denim and paisley cotton , a canyon bohemian flavor . she tuck she rambunctious blonde curl behind she ear . a series of brief , cryptic email , fan out in the passenger seat . she speak to she it guy ( jim ) through a bluetooth headset as she take note . jim ( filter ) I could not crack the remailer , but I pinge the dropbox and get a hit . it 's a cpo.org server . flick cpo -- ? she scribbles note , glance up at the patron leave the bar , most in standard - issue jumpsuit from the nearby jaeger base . she 's expect someone . jim ( filter ) calixto particle observatory . peru. just outside of lima . ( continued ) continued : flick yeah ? what do they observe ? jim ( filter ) quark , boson , tachyon -- you know , stuff no one 's hear of . flick so we guy 's a particle physicist . jim ( filter ) you be not go to Peru , right ? already , she 's surfing she smartphone for airplane ticket . flick not as far as you know . jim ( filter ) I be lie to you editor again ? flick he will not understand . jim ( filter ) that you leave the country instead of email the guy ? flick I send he question . his reply be vague and infrequent . if he 's get the answer he claim to have , I need to meet he . jim ( filter ) you do not know how solid he be . flick I will when I shake he hand . jim ( filter ) you will spook the hell out of he . he want to be anonymous . flick it 's not I he 's scared of . if it be , he 's screwing with I . she spot Raleigh staggering out of the bar and quickly wrap up she conversation . flick ( cont 'd ) I have to go . thanks , Jim . I owe you one . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) she grab she stack of e-mail and get out of the car . ext . jaeger -meister 's bar & grill -- continuous flick chase after Raleigh . flick Raleigh . he spot she , and keep walk , indifferent . she follow . flick ( cont 'd ) I have be try to get a hold of you . ever check you message ? raleigh I be not go on the record , flick . flick I be not look for a interview . raleigh oh ? you be not ? you have finally give up that tired dead end story ? flick ( defensive ) there 's a region off midway that 's be spitting out giant monster for over a decade . how can it still be such a goddamn mystery ? -- raleigh I dunno , but the ocean floor be like five mile deep out there . it 's not the easiest place to know . flick so cosdec 's just clueless ? raleigh probably not , but it 's all rumor by the time it get to we jock . he get to he car and unlock the door . flick drop she ace . flick do they call it the interstice ? he stop -- they obviously do . flick ( cont 'd ) yance let that word slip every once in a while . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : flick ( cont 'd ) I do not even remember until I get this anonymous email : ( read ) '' they know what the interstice be . '' raleigh we should not be talk about this . flick what be the interstice ? raleigh I think this be not a interview . she relent ; she know why she really hunt he down . flick it 's not . I be just -- Jesus , it 's be like a year since we have talk at all ... I be he fiancée . we be like family . Friends at least ... raleigh exes ? flick ex - what ? I be never sure ... ( no answer ) you ever have a nightmare too awful to talk about , ral ? he ignore the question . flick ( cont 'd ) I see how close you and you brother be . I do a piece about it . what you and I have , it feel so -- small . I never think you care enough to miss it ... yance say you be cool with I and he . raleigh if yance say it ... flick but you never do . you never say anything . you just avoid we ... and I wonder if he would be alive if not for I . I wonder if I screw up the bond that drive the machine . raleigh goddamn , flick . today of all day . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) flick sorry , but I have be live with -- raleigh he be my brother , flick ! flick it 's my nightmare ! okay ? and when I wake up scream ... ( trail off ) you will not call I back , Raleigh ... she close she eye and pinch the bridge of she nose , embarrassed , collect herself . she can not meet he eye . raleigh you know how the pon work ? two jaeger pilot drive the rig with they brain , all that thought bleed between they ... every time I and yancy plugge in , I hada front row seat . all that intimate moment . I have walk in on you two more time than you even know . it be torture drive that jaeger with he . just torture . flick stare at he , freeze , tear welling up in she eye . raleigh ( cont 'd ) so you want I to tell you none of that color my judgment ; that I put it aside and do all I could ? ( pause to reflect ) well , I be sorry flick , but I dunno ... probably not . tear spill from she eye . she can find no word . finally , she slap he as hard as she can . he watch she storm back to she car . she throttles it out of the gravelly lot , rip plume of dust in she taillight . int . live room -- night Raleigh stagger into he small mobile home . int . bathroom -- continuous Raleigh splashes water on he face and meet he reflection in the small mirror , fracture as if by bare knuckle some fitful night not so long ago . he steel he cold expression and nod slowly -- yes , this be who you be , Raleigh . ( continued ) continued : his brow crack and he collapse over the toilet puke up every shred of the stony facade he 's be hold , revealing the raw anguish and self - doubt , red -face and heaving . through he gasping he almost do not hear the knocking at he front door ... int . live room -- continuous Raleigh take a deep breath before he open the door to find a uniform military officer on he doorstep , lieutenant -— commander roscoe calhoun . he give Raleigh a familiar grin . calhoun hey , Raleigh ... get a minute ? ext . raleigh's house -- night the mobile home overlook the seaside strawberry field off a dark stretch of the pch . Raleigh sit on the tailgate of he old pickup as calhoun smoke he cigarette . in the distance , the Point mugu Air Station , where the silhouettes of the LA Strike Group 's two jaeger tower in the ocean fog , wait , red caution light blink placidly . calhoun Tokyo 's down one jaeger . it 's the biggest city on the rim . it 's cosdec headquarters . the brass want redundancy . they want a crew cover that second jaeger . raleigh and you think I know somebody ? calhoun know Raleigh see it come , so he get to it . calhoun they just need some understudy , at least until the rook graduate this summer . a few month top . you will go to Tokyo all expense pay , you will eat some sushi , and you will be back in time for June gloom . it 's a cushy gig . raleigh the attack be come faster -- calhoun there 's no evidence of long - term -- raleigh you do not shoehorn two burnt - out leftover into a pon and call ita jaeger crew if you be not expect some new kind of trouble . ( continued ) 10 . continued : calhoun ( leveling with Raleigh ) we do not know what to expect ... look , you lose you winger and the weight of the whole damn city fall on you shoulder ; and for seventy - seven second you carry it , and you finish the fight . a silence pass as Raleigh reflect on the proposition . raleigh who 's you other sucker ? calhoun another survivor ... raleigh not the girl from the news ? calhoun name 's mako mori . she 's a little thing , but she 's tough as nail . raleigh I be a mess and lose yance over a year ago . she lose hers today ... calhoun ( sighing , a surrender ) Hell , I dunno . I have never try on that skyscraper suit . they stare out towards the two distant jaeger , loom like industrial colossuse in the silver murk of the marine layer . calhoun ( cont 'd ) you know , I always want to ask -- what 's it feel like ? Raleigh turn to he , brow furrow , not sure if he 's serious . he be . Raleigh turn and stare at the jaeger 's silhouette for a while before answer . raleigh there 's thing you just can not fight . act of God or whatever . like you see a hurricane come , you just have to get out of the way , you know ? but when you be ina jaeger , suddenly you can draw a line in the sand . you can fight the hurricane -- and you can win . calhoun nod quietly , he give Raleigh a moment . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) calhoun I be sorry to bother you , Raleigh . you take care of yourself , okay ? he start away . Raleigh watch he go , dwelling on that final think . he finally speak up . raleigh I never say I would not do it . calhoun turn and raise a eyebrow . int . flick bedroom -- night flick pack a suitcase , she eye still red , she hand still shaking slightly . she have to stop and take a seat at the edge of the bed . her eye meet a frame on the wall . a vanity fair cover : Raleigh and he brother in they pilot gear , stand arm cross before the silhouette they jaeger , " heart of the tank : the antrobus bros . reveal what drive the Men who drive the jaeger -- by felicity kincaid . " flick fold herself up on the bed beside the half - pack suitcase . she rest she head on the pillow and lock she raw eye on the frame picture . dissolve to : ext . desert pond -- night ( dream ) a pool hemmed by sandstone boulder bristle with sage . a man stand naked on the rock , cover in blood . he fall . flick run . but she do not catch he . she perches at the overhang , look down . the man break the surface and throw he head back , suddenly okay . the man be yancy antrobus , Raleigh 's brother . we see the resemblance , but he 's more carefree than he young brother , a assure soul with the charm of a barefoot troubadour . wisp of red spread from he , turn the pool to blood . yancy come on in , flick . flick I can not , yance . yancy well you can not stay out there . ( continued ) 12 . continued : flick look back to see a wildfire sweeping over the scrub around she . something stir beyond the flame ; something huge and alive , as if part of the horizon itself be waking up . its shape rise high and obscure behind the swirl cinder , tower over the desert ; a vast behemoth shadow in smoke and night , rear up to blot out the star . yancy flash flick reassure smile as he tread blood . yancy ( cont 'd ) jump in , babe . come on . there 's nothing for you out there ... behind she , the pitch - dark kaiju bellows ; a dull , bestial grumble make loud and bone- shudder by the sheer size of the beast . the throbbing ground announce its every step . hundred of foot overhead , it 's jag jaw glow furnace - like from within . ignescent saliva drip from it 's tooth like molten napalm , fueling the encroach wildfire . a AIR raid siren wail and flick step back , unconsciously inching away from the blaze heat -- until she last step find only air , and she fall into the pool of blood . int . flick bedroom -- morning the AIR raid siren become the nasal bleat of a alarm clock . flick wake with a start , still in she clothes , exactly where we leave she the previous night . she look at the clock . it 's be go off for a while . she 's run late . without change , she put on she shoe , zip up she suitcase , and rush out . ext . central command complex -- day a causeway extend to a man-made island in Tokyo Bay where stand a small city of sleek , robust building : crew dormitory , administration , and supercom . the large structure , a series of arching petal ringing the launch area like the rim of a artfully break dome , a modern flourish that lend the facility its nickname -- shatterdome . super : Pacific rim Combined special Defense Corps Central Command -- Tokyo , Japan ext . the GREEN -- continuous a suv emblazon with the cosdec shield pull up and let Raleigh out on the roll , carefully - manicure lawn . he 's clean up : groom , shave , and in uniform . he hoist a duffle bag over he shoulder and search the uniform milling on the grass . a voice call after he . ( continued ) 13 . continued : pentecost ( 0.s. ) sub-lieutenant Raleigh antrobus ? Commander pentecost approach with intimidating poise . pentecost ( cont ’d ) Lieutenant - Commander stacker pentecost . raleigh good to meet you , sir . he indicate for Raleigh to follow he . pentecost I will be conduct you training . raleigh due respect , sir , but I have be through training . pentecost with whom ? raleigh Sir ? pentecost who be you winger ? be it you best mate ? you girlfriend ? raleigh it be my brother , sir . pentecost well I be sure you know sub- Lieutenant mori be not you brother . and that cosdec 's preference for crew who share a history be not at all arbitrary . raleigh yes sir . pentecost what you do not know be how hard it will be to share headspace with a stranger . it will be like you have never drive a jaeger in you life . int . locker room -- day mako towel off she sweat , numb and weary . her slim frame might seem girlish in street attire , but she sport bra and short utterly fail to hide she long , taut ninja 's physique . ( continued ) 14 . continued : another japanese girl enter , surprised to find mako . kaori jessop ( 22 ) , a pilot for the second jaeger -- taller than mako with longer , curlier hair . kaori I hate that they be make you do this . so soon after ... mako I volunteer . there 's like three other loner in the world and none of they give a shit about Tokyo . it 's my hometown . I sign up as soon as I hear they be look . she change into casual attire as kaori get into she gym clothes , eying she with friendly concern . kaori be you sure you be okay ? mako it 's be two week . I pass the psych evaluation . kaori sure , I just think you might want to talk about it . mako say nothing . kaori surrender the conversation . about to close she locker , mako spot a photo of she and aki . she touch the corner as if about to peel it off , but stop . mako you know what the worst part be ? the silence . you do not even remember what silence be until it come flooding back . a long moment . finally mako look up at kaori . she shut the locker and sit on the dress bench . a deep breath . mako ( cont 'd ) the american 's here ? kaori I see pentecost show he around . mako what 's he like ? kaori from a distance ? maybe a eight . mako shake she head and half snicker . kaori grin warmly and leave she to finish dress . 15 . int . loccent gallery -- later pentecost lead Raleigh through a observation gallery overlook a mission control center buzzing with officer . pentecost here 's we loccent . much like you own back at lasg , no doubt . a plethora of console fan out from a incomprehensible mosaic of holographic data fill the dome - shape screen that encompass the command center 's front wall . pentecost ( cont ’d ) it 's a drill . Raleigh linger , squinting at the officer at the center of the action : a broad shoulder japanese man in a crisp uniform -- commander kaz takada ( 50 ) . pentecost ( cont ’d ) Commander takada ... raleigh I think that be he . why 's he run drill in loccent ? pentecost the Supreme Commander double as CO of the Tokyo Strike Group . int . shatterdome -- day pentecost lead Raleigh onto the mezzanine overlook the main floor of the jaeger launch bay . below - the wide floor of the launch bay . sunlight spill through the open top of the partial dome onto the mammoth machine and giant equipment need to service the jaeger . the nearest jaeger stand at its docking tower : a Mark - 2 dub tacit ronin . lean and nimble , he streamline armor fleck with stark digital camo - steel blue on cool grey . a ultra-modern twenty - six story kickboxer . pentecost there 's tacit ronin . and -- ah , yes , she crew 's actually over here . two jaeger jock sit on the edge of mezzanine platform , a young couple in match track suit . we have already meet kaori jessop . the man be she husband - duc jessop ( 23 ) . Korean - Australian . a asian face , but the bleach hair and drawl of a aussie surfer . the flashy boot he wear with he jumpsuit testify to he love of western . ( continued ) 16 . continued : pentecost ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant kaori jessop and sub- Lieutenant " duck " jessop . kaori smile and nod a wordless greeting . duc shake he head and tighten he lip . duc do not listen to this limey ! it 's " Duke ! " not " duck . " " Duke ! " as in — he jump down from the scaffold and strike a cowboy pose , aim he finger like a pistol as he slip into John Wayne as rooster cogburn ( startlingly good ) . duc ( cont 'd ) " fill you hand , you son of a bitch ! " he smile broad and open the pistol to invite a handshake . Raleigh take it and nod firmly . duc ( cont 'd ) ( to pentecost ) he meet he scrap heap yet ? Raleigh try to get a clear look at the second jaeger , stand at the distant end of of the bay , partially hide by scaffold and crane . pentecost hey yours will be lucky to last as long as that " scrap heap " the way you treat it . duc that 's goddamn right ! pentecost lead Raleigh into a nearby cage elevator and shut the door . as they ride it down , Raleigh do not take he eye off the second jaeger . the lift bottom out on the MAIN floor where pentecost and Raleigh exit . Raleigh narrow he eye at the obscure mech : something about the color intrigue he . raleigh hey , what do he mean " scrap heap ? " pentecost no one tell you ? she 's a Mark - 1 . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) Raleigh start to walk faster , almost jogging across the wide , busy floor to get a clear look at the jaeger . finally , a huge repair crane roll away , revealing the jaeger . Raleigh 's mouth gape at the sight of it . raleigh ( reverent ) gipsy danger ... gipsy danger -- less humanoid than the Mark - 2 , burlier , more bestial , with back - bend t-rex leg . a monster for the monster . armor mottle smoky green and charcoal , bear the proud scar of all the fight that fail to bring she down . a dinosaurian gladiator ; mighty , iconic . pentecost you know it ? raleigh be you kid ? I be fifteen . I know all they name ... pentecost cross he arm with a smirk as he watch Raleigh stagger closer , in a awed trance . raleigh ( cont 'd ) this be LA 's first jaeger . this be the reason we get to sleep at night . the reason I be what I be . he lay he palm on the armor , and crane he neck to marvel at she history , blaze in decal like a soldier 's tattoo : a US flag , a bear flag , the rising Sun , the flag of Tokyo , even retro nose - art -- a buxom gypsy pinup riding a bomb . raleigh ( cont 'd ) I can not drive this . this be like Apollo . she 's a monument . she should be in a museum . pentecost they tell I she 's get one or two more fight leave in she ... do you ? Raleigh smile earnestly with a awed chuckle , but before he can answer , a japanese voice call out . mako be that the american ? Raleigh and pentecost turn to find mako stand on a catwalk above . she lean on the rail , warily scrutinize Raleigh . pentecost answer in japanese . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 3 ) pentecost yes . this be Raleigh antrobus . ( to Raleigh ) you gunner -- mako mori . raleigh hi. good to meet you . mako eye he , and cross she arm . mako be he talk to I , sensei ? pentecost you want to come down and say hello , Lieutenant ? it hit she -- he do not speak japanese . mako would it make any difference what I say to he , sensei ? pentecost sigh . he have no response . mako gape at he , astonished by the implication of this oversight . mako ( cont 'd ) what be we even do here ? pentecost be at a loss . mako turn and speed away . Raleigh stare into the empty space where mako have just be stand , daunt by the realization -- raleigh she do not speak English ... pentecost sigh and throw Raleigh a wry , tell - you - so grin . ext . dojo -- night the old - style pagoda stand in contrast to the other futuristic structure of the command complex , perch near the edge of island , overlook the Bay and Tokyo beyond . pentecost ( pre - lap ) Language be not think . int . dojo training hall -- continuous a high atrium -ceil over a gleam hardwood floor , paint with a deep scarlet circle throw red slashes out across the pale brown plank , evoke Japan 's " rise sun " emblem . on the circle , Raleigh and mako stand opposite one another in they standard - issue track suit as pentecost muse , alternate between English and subtitle japanese . ( continued ) 19 . continued : pentecost you do not speak the same language . so what ? you be brain-to-brain in the pon . you be in , where thought happen . do not sweat the doorman . raleigh so should we log some pon time ? pentecost walk before you run , Lieutenant . later -- first exercise blindfolded , mako and Raleigh stand on opposite side of a table on which sit a scale precariously balanced with neatly stack weight on each tray . pentecost watch . pentecost ( cont ’d ) the jaeger 's a huge machine . it take two brain to move she . like a dinosaur . every step , every gesture be a concert of two mind . with they right hand they meticulously maneuver a new weight to they respective trays ; they leave hand hold they partner 's wrist tracking the opposite weight 's progress . simultaneously , they gently deposit they weight . the balance wobble slightly , but hold . they each pick up the next weight . the movement play out as before , but this time Raleigh arrive slightly early . the scale teeter and fail , spilling the weight . mako remove she blindfold and sigh , frustrated . later -- another exercise mako and Raleigh stand a good distance apart , juggling a pair of sake bottle between they . pentecost shout a signal and after they both nod , he toss a third bottle into the stream . pentecost ( cont ’d ) you must be willing to blur the seam between you soul . ( to Raleigh ) you must become more than partner . you must become a mosaic . a union . they manage to keep all three in the air ( clearly , this be some version of a exercise they have each do before ) . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) pentecost signal another bottle . Raleigh affirm just as mako refuse , and when the bottle enter the stream , mako miss the catch . several bottle shatter on the floor . mako pace away in frustration and circle back to reprimand Raleigh in japanese . mako what 's wrong with you ? do I look like I be ready ? raleigh what would she say ? still later -- last exercise pentecost open a weapon trunk . mako mutter . mako this be not work , sensei . wash - out cadet have more chemistry . what else can be do ? pentecost you will acquaint yourselves as warrior have for century ... he open a trunk . he smile and toss they each a staff . pentecost ( cont ’d ) just like the Academy . let 's spar . he cross he arm . Raleigh and mako tentatively turn to each other . mako throw the first strike , a formal move . Raleigh block . pentecost talk as they spar . Raleigh swing . mako do not block in time . he connect with she shoulder . she glare at he . he seem a bit surprised . pentecost ( cont ’d ) easy . it 's a dialogue . not a fight . get in she head . ( to mako ) watch he . what 's he think ? the bout go on , slow at first , each take turn -- strike , block , strike , dodge . pentecost circle they as he speak . pentecost ( cont ’d ) there 's a vocabulary here . remark . reply . pay attention . ( to mako ) you be learn he reflex , Lieutenant . his instinct . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 3 ) mako swing and hit Raleigh 's shin before he can jump . Raleigh glance at pentecost who just smirk and shrug . pentecost ( cont ’d ) even I see that one come . mako 's intensity escalate with each blow -- each a little faster and harder than the one before . mako unleash a flurry of attack on Raleigh . he struggle to parry . pentecost notice the wild look in mako 's eye . pentecost ( cont ’d ) you be fight he , mori . she jab she staff into he gut . he double over . she swing and crack it across Raleigh 's face , loosen he balance . pentecost ( cont ’d ) Lieutenant mori , stand down ! she spin the last strike into a kick that sweep Raleigh 's leg out from under he , knock he to the ground . she pull back , ready to drive she staff through he skull . pentecost ( cont ’d ) mako ! she finally stop , stand over Raleigh , she staff clench he she white knuckle , tear stream from she angry eye . ext . dojo -- later mako sit on a bench overlook the water , stare at Tokyo 's glitter skyline across the harbor . Raleigh stagger up , hold a ice pack to he eye . she only glance as he sit beside she , quickly turn back to the skyline before she guilt run away with she . raleigh might be a good sign . my brother use to kick my ass all the time . after a long silence , mako finally speak . they do not understand one another , but Raleigh just let she talk . mako I keep tell myself to try harder , but I have never have to try . it just work ... it 's not like aki and I be kin or lover . ( he have a bit of a crush on duc actually . ) ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 22 . continued : mako ( cont 'd ) he be just the neighbor 's kid -- until one day I turn around and he be the only friend I would know my whole life ... I never have to try . Raleigh pull the ice pack off he eye and mako finally turn to he , grimly astonished to see the shiner she leave he . raleigh be it bad ? it 's bad , be not it ? mako ( laugh ) Holy shit , we be go to die . ext . mountain road -- day a rusty truck ply a muddy lane carve into a sheer cliff . int . truck -- continuous flick sit in the back seat , huddle away from the precipice . the cab jostle along the jag contour of the road . the engine snarl with effort as the implacable driver push it ever upward into the shifting alpine fog . flick crane she neck to steal a peek out the cliff - side door , careful not to shift she weight . outside the tire skirt the rag fern cling to the edge , where the ground plunge down into a soup of cloud . ext . calixto particle observatory -- later the truck pull up to a cylindrical , windowless building rise above the misty , lichen -crust rock . the Driver let flick out at the oddly plain-look structure . super : calixto particle observatory -- lima Region , Peru the truck honk a farewell to flick and drive away . flick hold she jacket close . it 's not raining , not exactly , but the thick mountaintop mist drench she as if it be . int . MAIN corridor -- continuous flick enter the dim hallway , relieved to be in from the cold . no sound save for the buzz of fluorescent light and the ghostly crooning of the wind outside . she spot a man come out into the hallway and linger , engross by he clipboard . he wear headphone , listen to music . he have not notice she . ( continued ) 23 . continued : he 's newt gotlieb ( 33 ) -- a lanky , unkempt academic with scruffy brown hair and a impish grin . geekishly cute in he own peculiar way . flick attempt to get he attention . flick Excuse I ... ( he do not hear ) Excuse I ! finally he look up and take off the headphone . flick ( cont 'd ) I get a e-mail from someone here in reference to a article I be -- newt you be felicity kincaid . flick you can call I flick ... and you must be gotlieb@calixto.org ? newt no . no , I be not . she glance at nametag on he lanyard : " gotlieb . " he relent . newt ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? flick you e-mail I . '' I have info relevant to you investigation . '' that 's what you say . newt I figure you probably get stuff like that all the time . flick I do not . how substantial be it ? newt I do not know . but I know cosdec 's get it too , and I know they do not talk about it . flick all the more reason to have this conversation in person , right ? he turn to go . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 2 ) newt stay here . i’1l be right back . do not touch any -- ( beat ) no. actually , could you follow I for a sec ? int . research office -- continuous in the messy office space , we find newt whisper with a stout , bespectacle scientist , myron toynbee . flick wait . toynbee you e-mail a reporter ? newt I do not know what I be think . after a moment , toynbee grudgingly confess -- toynbee I be glad you do . newt they have not take this public . they 's 11l know where it come from . toynbee we do not know that it 's classified . newt we do not know it be not . flick guy . I have be on this for almost a year and I be in the weed . you be my only lead . you know it 's important . please , just gimme something I can start from , some shred of a foothold . or I be stick . int . archive -- day Big supercomputer cabinet hum as a skirling dot matrix printer spit out endless sheet of data . other spool of tractor- feed paper line the wall - to - wall shelf . flick and toynbee wait as newt climb a ladder to retrieve a particular roll from the top shelf . flick take note . newt eleven year ago , I be intern here , under Doctor ivo czerny . ( continued ) 25 . continued : toynbee czerny be run a big quantum gravity survey . newt and one day , we find this ... he pull out the spool he be look for , climb down the ladder , and unroll the paper for flick to see . the paper be cover with row after row of number . one row near the middle of the sheet be highlight , but it 's hard to see why . flick shake she head . flick what be I look at ? newt the hot graviton signal ever detect . flick be that strange ? newt roll a whiteboard up to draw a broad circle . he draw concentric wave radiating from the circle . newt it 's the kind of exotic matter we search the cosmos for . this just materialize in we own backyard . he flip the board over to a dry-erase world map . he write a question mark in the middle of the Pacific and circle it with widen concentric wave . newt ( cont 'd ) a huge dark matter footprint right in the middle of the Pacific . it be practically scream at we . toynbee there be nothing there that could put out a signal like that . flick when you say signal -- newt like how radio wave carry radio signal , but write in gravity . he flip the board to draw a rko - style radio tower beside the circle . he draw radio wave spread from the top of the tower and point to the wave spread from the circle . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) flick but somebody build the radio tower ... newt and toynbee exchange a weighty look . toynbee there be a almost artificial regularity to it . czerny call it some alien intellect . flick alien ? newt not in the sense you be think . not alien from somewhere out in the universe . alien from another universe . a parallel universe . toynbee there be a logorithmic pattern embed in the transmission - flick okay , let 's try to remember I do not have a degree in this ... newt it be like a countdown . ( beat ) and it end on November 9th , 2012 . flick osaka ... newt exactly ! the very first kaiju ! and suddenly there be a gape hole smack in the middle of the Pacific , at the exact epicenter of the signal we would be tracking ! toynbee how fast do you think czerny get cosdec 's attention with that one ? newt he get a call one day . drop everything and go out to midway . flick he work for sci-division ? toynbee worked for sci-division . ( continued ) continued : 27 . ( 3 ) newt they exile he to the middle of the Australian Outback . flick I do not understand . what happen ? newt nobody know what happen at midway . but last time we speak , he drop some hint that he be close to a breakthrough . Said it would turn the tide ... flick what kind of a breakthrough ? newt could not say . whatever it be , it never make it up the chain of command . they lock it down ... I dunno -- maybe they do not get it . maybe they do not believe he . maybe he be wrong ... flick you do not think he be wrong ... newt without know what he be work on or what he find -- ( reconsider he answer ) he be never wrong . a bold statement . flick take a deep breath . flick if you be right , this thing be send here . it 's not a accident . it 's a war . they be come faster . ( lean forward ) and somewhere out in the world be a man you think know how to stop it ? why do not you tell anyone ? newt I just do ... ext . HOTEL miraflore -- night flick get out of a cab and head into she hotel . int . HOTEL hallway -- continuous flick walk to she room , think . she stop and take a few step back . she see the newspaper on the floor outside one of the room . she reach down to pick it up ... ( continued ) 28 . continued : the headline : " Los Angeles Pilot to drive Tokyo jaeger ... " int . HOTEL room -- continuous flick be already on the phone . flick newt . it 's flick . hey , where exactly do you say czerny be ? newt well , I dunno how far you want to go for this article , but -- flick it 's not a article . not any more . ext . miraflore -- day atop seaside bluff , the high -rise and park of lima 's affluent coastal district glow in the warm sun . int . HOTEL miraflore -- day flick stand at the reception desk beside she bag . her shoulder press she mobile to she ear as she try to check out and buy plane ticket at the same time . flick yeah , something come up . I be check out early . ( into phone ) Sydney . or Melbourne . just -- I need a flight to Australia . across the lobby , newt enter off the street , look lose . he crane he to scan the casual crowd of guest . he search and finally spot flick at the front desk . he beam . newt hey ! I catch you . finish with both she transaction , flick hang up and turn , a bit surprised to see newt . flick what be you do here ? newt well , I be think -- you be go to need some help . flick you be bold all of a sudden . ( continued ) 29 . continued : newt I get you into this . I feel like I need to own up to that . flick I get myself into this . newt I hold the door open . ext . HOTEL miraflore -- day the front of the hotel overlook the Pacific from the top of the seaside bluff . newt follow flick out through the outdoor cafe that spill onto the sidewalk . flick I absolve you of accountability . newt thanks . I be still tagging along . flick newt . I know you be worried about I . and that 's sweet , but -- newt look , I be go to see my old friend , czerny . if that 's where you be head , you be go to have a hard time avoid I . the long banshee wail of a siren still the carefree air . diner and pedestrian begin to scatter in all direction . flick and newt stand freeze in they track . newt ( cont 'd ) the kaiju siren . flick newt a drill -- it can not be a no . it 's real . flick , listen . newt ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . listen . I have get a scooter . we be get out of here . the traffic outside the cafe lock up . impatient driver leave they car and run , clotting the thoroughfare with abandon auto . newt lead flick to he vespa . ext . miraflore STREET -- moment later newt thread the vespa between the derelict traffic on the bluff - top road . flick hold on and watch the ocean . ( continued ) 30 . continued : a mile or so out , the sea bulge unnaturally . flick unconsciously tighten she grip on newt . her mouth open but she have trouble form the word . flick ( whisper ) it 's come ... the water break as the kaiju rise , distant but huge -- ten , twenty , then thirty storey tall . flick can not look away . report name : dengue . arachnoid leg bristle with hair . score of black eye above a wide reptilian grin . some unholy fusion of tarantula and dragon . a obscene , alien spectacle . it stalk towards the shore in a slow but enormous gait that close the distance unexpectedly fast . newt Holy shit ! but it 's not the kaiju he see . it 's something up ahead . flick do not hear the roar of the V - 50 jumphawk until they pass over , drag a wide shadow . flick look up . we do not see they huge payload at first , only the massive shadow it cast over flick and everything around she as the jumphawk lift it into position a few block away . the chopper release they cable and let the thing drop a short distance to the ground . its weight thunder the street , shatter window and trip car alarm . and as the dust settles , finally we see the titan , rise behind the nearest high -rise , a new feature in the skyline : the mark-2 jaeger , puma real . armor , mottle khaki / field - grey urban camo . the peruvian flag emblazon on its shoulder . the colossus come alive as giant motor flex its joint with a deafening groan like a thousand cellos , prepare . dengue answer with a sawmill snarl too loud to sound like any animal . the kaiju come ashore , crossing the beach in a few wide step before effortlessly crest the bluff . its tower spider leg scrabble for purchase on the bluff 's edge , pull down chunks of land ( whole condo and all ) as the mountain of flesh haul itself up to confront puma Real . the kaiju swat the air with its long , arachnid forelimb , fling off a cloud of bristly hair . most settle on the jaeger , prickle the armor like a forest of splinter . some of the cloud breeze past the jaeger , sailing towards we . it seem harmless at first , just a haze of drift hair ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) but as they fall closer , they look less and less like hair , and more like a dense volley of arrow . flick look out ! they fall as a lethal hail of rag bio-spear on the crowded street -- thunk thunk thunk -- stabbing the pavement , lancing auto hood , skewer bystander mid-step . newt clumsily weave the vespa between the fall spear , narrowly miss a few . up ahead , a desperate man step from he skewer car , he eye raw with animal fear as he train a pistol on newt who have no other choice but to stop the scooter . the desperate man shout in staccato Spanish , thrust he gun . newt try to calm he down in more uncertain Spanish , but the man have all the patience of a fray powerline . flick ( cont 'd ) drive ! just go ! newt pull flick off and surrender the scooter to the man -- who zip away , leave newt and flick to flee on foot . flick ( cont 'd ) why do you do that ? newt pull she down the chaotic street , shouting as they go . newt we be a heartbeat from dead ! flick we still be ! flick look over she shoulder as newt drag she . she watch dengue circle to a position between puma Real and the street , back to the crowd , a block or two closer than before . she almost trip over a dead body and have to look ahead . she do not see the jaeger launch a volley of missile . a handful explode on the kaiju . the rest streak over the road to blow out the top floor of a condo a couple mile ahead . flick turn again , still run . a deafen boom as puma Real land a hard blow across the kaiju 's skull , throw up a fine red mist of gore . the gossamer red cloud drift and fall in a torrential downpour on the street below ; utterly soaking newt , flick , and everything around they in blood . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 3 ) dengue stagger back , demolosh the very hotel flick have just be inside . the cascade of rubble remind she just how close the battle be drift . flick ( cont 'd ) they be get closer ! newt turn and stop , shocked by the proximity of it . he run to the bluff 's edge and motion for flick . the air fester with noise : the scream , the howling car alarm , the groaning clamor of the jaeger 's vast machinery , the window - rattling snarl of the beast . newt come on ! he lead she slide partway down the bluff , stop where a wide , concrete pipe yawn open . newt take flick 's hand and lift she into the drainage pipe . they find countless other bystander huddle in the concrete cave , cramme back into the darkness . the pipe shudder and jolt , dust spilling from its seam . terrify scream echo in the darkness , eclipse by the unthinkable noise of the battle overhead . some suicidal curiosity tug flick towards the open where she crane she head out and look straight up , catch a humbling view of the fight - the impossible scale of it . the machine and the monster . tower . godlike . they foot , too close , pulverize car on the street ; they head , impossibly distant , three hundred foot straight up . she 's close enough to see the kelp and plastic flotsam tangle in the spike-hair of its soar arachnid leg . High overhead , dengue open he skyscrape jaw to loose a roar like niagra Falls . puma Real aim its cannon down the monster 's throat and fire a thundercrack shot . the back of the kaiju 's head explode -- just as newt grab flick and pull she back into the safety of the pipe . outside , a hail of meat and blood fall , then a brief quiet . a great wall of flesh blur past the pipe , briefly fill the view as the dead kaiju fall off the bluff . as relative silence settles , flick stagger out of the pipe with newt follow closely after . below , the body of dengue sprawl at the foot of the bluff ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 4 ) atop the bluff , puma Real stand impossibly tall , its shoulder and head fade into the glare of the sun . it power down , become once again as inert as a statue . the V - 50 's arrive , hover over the jaeger , prepare the airlift . shaken bystander spill out of the concrete pipe . flick scrabble up to the street . siren and loudspeaker begin to bleed into the silence of the aftermath . she look over what be once the traffic jam , now flatten by score of huge , deep footprint ; metal pack and press into the sagging , fracture concrete . her eye follow the path of the devastation up the steet where the twisted remain of high - rise slump under smoke - fill gap in the once lovely skyline . she stand in the devastation , soak in blood , tremble , hollow out by the shock of it - the capricious scale of this urban scar . newt lay a comforting hand on she shoulder . int . aeropuerto internacional jorge chavez -- night a crowded terminal , bustling with traveler desperate to get out of lima . every tv play news report of the attack . flick sit at the gate , stare ahead , dead -ey . she 's change into clean clothes , but faint trace of dry kaiju blood fleck the edge of she scalp . newt pass flick a cup of coffee as he sit beside she . newt you okay ? flick hm ? yeah . I be fine . she do not want to talk about it and newt do not want to wear out he welcome , so he clam up and open a book . flick shake she head ; apparently it want to be talk about . flick ( cont 'd ) it 's -- it 's kinda ridiculous ... I have never see it happen . just in tape . I have never be there in person . can you believe that ? ( a chill ) it 's like the world be not the place you think it be ... she trail off , lose herself to she thousand yard stare . her attention drift to a nearby tv , where a graph starkly illustrate the sharp rise in attack . ( continued ) 34 . continued : anchor ( 0.s. ) -- unprecedented rash of recent incident have the whole hemisphere fear the next kaiju may be just around the corner ... flick what time be it in Tokyo ? newt ten in the morning ... flick pull she phone out of she bag and stand up -- she 's be put this off , but she can not any longer . flick I have get to make a call . int . raleigh's room -- morning his phone ring . Raleigh answer without look . raleigh yeah ... flick ( filter ) Raleigh ? intercut flick / raleigh raleigh flick ... where be you ? flick a airport ... I be in lima . raleigh Jesus ... be you okay ? flick I be fine ... I be go to Australia to meet this scientist ... ( change the subject ) I read you be deploy to Tokyo . Central Command , right ? raleigh that 's right . flick so you CO 's the Supreme Commander ... raleigh ( realize ) listen , flick , I really can not -- ( continued ) 35 . continued : flick no , it 's not about a interview -- ( get to it ) Raleigh , if I come to you and say I would find a way to stop the attack , would you believe I ? Raleigh look puzzle . flick wait for a answer . the silence stir she own doubt , until -- raleigh I would believe you ... ext . freeway -- day a thick fog . Cars pull to the shoulder , hastily abandon . a 5 - stack interchange tangles over the empty lane . we see a hulk shape loom over the road , obscure by fog . raleigh ( filter ) roma - 1 to loccent . gipsy danger in position . motor active in three - two - one . on the one count , the shape come alive -- joint flexing mechanically , as if brace itself . pentecost ( filter ) Roger , roma - 1 . target be a cat-3 kj . report name : slattern . Three mile west , inbound . you be clear to engage on sight . happy hunt . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous the cockpit ; a seat in a nest of cable . Raleigh sit ina shoulder harness , signal line ported into he drivesuit , he body embed deep in the seat 's gel- fill shock pad - almost cozy , in a intensely claustrophobic way . his arm , tuck deep into hefty drum-like control - sleeve flanking the seat . a bundle of fibre optic wire trail like raw nerve from a port just behind he ear lobe . ahead of he , we see what he see - a wide , imax view of the outside world ( project straight into he brain ) , as if the pod have no front wall : the sky , the interchange , and the freeway hundred of foot below , translucent data drift through the augment reality : gauge , dial , and digital target geometry . ghostly voice and dreamy echoes haunt the air : familiar and unfamiliar ; japanese and English ; fracture conversation in the aether . ambient thought , always there on some level . Raleigh squint into the fog , frustrated . ( continued ) 36 . continued : raleigh visibility low . it 's all soup . int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous mako 's pod look basically identical to Raleigh 's . she listen as pentecost repeat Raleigh in japanese . pentecost ( filter ) ( subtitle ) visibility low . it 's all soup . she nod and reply in japanese ( no subtitle ; we will hear pentecost 's translation ) . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous pentecost ( filter ) ( translate mako ) thermal spectrum up . raleigh thanks . read my mind . a infrared filter open over the imax - view , show the heat gradient of the surroundings . all seem dark ( cold ) - except for a glow heat source behind the tangle freeway ramp . raleigh ( cont 'd ) get he . he 's behind the stack . suddenly , something huge plow through the interchange , collapse the tangle ribbon of freeway , a spectacle of muscle surging towards we through billow concrete dust . we see Raleigh 's right arm tense in its control sleeve . int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous mako 's arm do the same -- a sympathetic reflex . ext . freeway -- continuous gipsy danger swing she right arm to slam the charge kaiju aside before we get a clear look at it . int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous mako watch the monster in she imax -hud ... slattern boast a shape like a armless carnosaur : a thick , serpentine body on mighty raptorial leg . a head vaguely like a moray eel . a long tail , barb at the end . it draw patient predatory circle around we , lean and powerful as a panther , scale shifting between jet black and iridescent blue in the fog-stifled light . ( continued ) 37 . continued : seem almost too agile to be so big , but the haze in the air ; the highway and the abandon car , small as toy -- remind we of its titanic size . mako watch and she mind wander . the ghostly voice swell . ext . acid geisha wreck -- day ( drift ) ( note : this happen in the pon headspace , drift -- memory or dreamlike figment share between two jaeger operator . they unfold in they own time , though they occur at the speed of think . drift should look urgently different from " real world " action : blow - out color and / or lomographic blur . ) mako , just as we see she in the newscast at the beginning , try to wrestle past the man pull she from she eject conn - pod , desperately reach for the wreck jaeger . the sound of a radio exchange overlay the imagery . mako ( v.o. ) containment breach ! core critical ! aki ( v.o. ) I have get he ! eject ! that 's a order , mako ! mako ( v.o. ) I be not leave you ! aki ( v.o. ) initiate emergency override . eject conn - pod 2 ... tear stream down she face . her mouth open in a silent wail . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous Raleigh blink away the swell of foreign emotion . raleigh stay with I , bruiser . we get this . int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous mako do not patronize I . pentecost ( filter ) lock it down , roma - 2 . raleigh ( filter ) what do she say ? 38 . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous pentecost ( filter ) nothing . stay focus , roma - 1 . raleigh alright , mako , I be set you up for a ir burst . get ready . mako ( filter ) ready . ext . freeway -- continuous a barrage of missile scream from the jaeger 's hip to pummel the ground at slattern 's foot . tumescent cloud of smoke and dust erupt to engulf the beast . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous Raleigh gape at the smoky stew . raleigh what the hell , mako ? ir ! not missile ! ir ! int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous mako shout at he in furious japanese . we hear pentecost translate for Raleigh , in a much cooler tone . pentecost ( filter ) you route she to missile . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous raleigh the hell I do ! pentecost ( filter ) log confirm it , roma - 1 . he shake he head and watch he target pipper drift helplessly over the wall of smoke , unable to find a lock . raleigh lose he ... shit ... int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous raleigh ( filter ) too much particulate noise . mako stare , transfix by murk stir up by the missile . the oily black smoke swirl and billow in the fog , a formless curtain hide the giant monster . ( continued ) 39 . continued : raleigh ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) brace yourself . he 's go to charge we . I can feel it . mako listen to pentecost 's translation , she wide eye lose to fear . we hear a quicken heartbeat and the memory of something she say earlier . mako ( v.o. ) we be go to die . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous Raleigh feel she fear as the heartbeat speed up . sweat bead on he brow as he strain against it . raleigh any second ... any second ... a second heartbeat join the first , faster and out of sync -- a chaotic , senseless rhythm . the voice become more frantic . yancy ( v.o. ) he 's charge ! we hear a little girl sobbing between gasp of air ... int . osaka penthouse -- night ( drift ) Raleigh suddenly find himself in a dark penthouse , high above a twinkle city . he hear sobbing and gasping and find a small japanese girl huddle behind the couch . raleigh mako , be that you ? it be , young mako , nine year old . speak japanese he can not grasp , she do not look at he . young mako my dad 's come back soon ... raleigh where be we ? young mako he just go out for a minute ... outside , the distant sound of chopper , siren , and a throbbing rumble . Young mako tentatively approach the tall window overlook the city . distant chopper train searchlight on something lumber through the skyline . behind it , the city bleed column of smoke from the light - less scar of its wake . ( continued ) 40 . continued : trespasser , the first kaiju . we see only its head above the building -- long and crocodilian , scabrously armored with rugge scale and scute . raleigh osaka ? you be in osaka ? Young mako press she small hand to the window pane . young mako my dad say monster be not real . she look over she shoulder to Raleigh , she eye quivering . young mako ( cont ’d ) he 's not come back , be he ? in the distance , trespasser throw he head back and roar , silent as a distant flash of lightning . we see the soundwave spread over osaka , shatter window as it speed towards we , even after the beast close its jaw . finally the delay roar blow out the window and thunder through the apartment , throw Young mako back . ext . freeway -- day ( present ) suddenly , slattern lunge from the smoky curtain before the jaeger can react . the mech fall and crater the asphalt . slattern perches atop the fall mech and rip into he prey . int . conn - pod 2 -- continuous on the wraparound projection , we see slattern stand right on top of we , he barb tail jabbing down like a scorpion until the whole imax view flicker to static . Red light flash . alarm go off . mako let she head fall back , strangely more frustrated than terrify . int . conn - pod 1 -- continuous Raleigh shake he head at the field of static as alarm go wild . he reach behind he ear to disconnect the pon . the instant he unplug the wire , the dome of static dissolves into the blank front of the cramped cockpit . int . the mock - pit -- continuous pentecost enter the barrel - shape chamber with a clipboard under he arm . a big steel hemisphere fill the center of the floor , with cable and piston rise to the ceiling . hydraulics lift the dome , uncover the two cockpit , back - to -back , sink into the floor . it be all just a simulation . ( continued ) 41 . continued : Raleigh and mako peel they helmet off . they remain seat , stare in opposite direction , frustrated and drain . he squat , about to impart he feedback , before realize the futility : they both already know how bad they do . pentecost we will go again in a hour . int . secretariat corridor -- day pentecost walk briskly down the hall to a security checkpoint . the guard salute he and open the door . int . committee chamber -- continuous General takada sit at a microphone before a small panel of civilian delegete from a handful of Pacific rim nation -- lethbridge , benveniste , jiao , and half a dozen other . pentecost wait at the back of the room . benveniste ( read ) one-hundred - seventeen . eighty - three . twenty-nine ... do this number mean anything to you ? takada they be the attack interval . lethbridge you see why this pattern be somewhat alarming ... the latest incident in lima come just seventeen day after Tokyo . takada I share the panel 's concern . jiao be the offensive escalate ? takada we enemy be on the far side of the interstice . I have no way of anticipate they strategy . jiao be there not report that a Doctor ivo czerny have a way to eavesdrop on the the other side ? takada czerny be dangerously unstable . he 's no longer with sci-division . ( continued ) 42 . continued : benveniste and he research ? do he have a way to see through the interstice ? takada it 's not clear he test subject ( the one that survive ) grasp what it be they be see . lethbridge Commander , the bottom line for this panel be ensure that cosdec be work towards a strategic end . bear that in mind , in you own word -- what be victory ? takada the Mark -3 will -- lethbridge the Mark -3 program be over - budget and stall in development . again , General , what be the end game ? takada we fight until they be go . I be sorry I can not be more encourage . before the panel can gather its wit to ask another question , the General stand to dismiss himself . takada ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... int . secretariat lobby -- moment later pentecost follow the General across the wide marble floor . takada what do you need , stacker ? pentecost it 's roma team , sir . takada mori and antrobus ? pentecost it 's not go well . can we not graduate a pair of cadet early ? takada you be assume any cadet will graduate . pair of quick - witted soulmate with Olympic stamina do not grow on tree . we be lucky to find one crew per year . ( continued ) continued : 43 . pentecost they do not speak the same language . takada I be not surprised . leftover be rarer still . in the world , I can count the odd - men- out on one hand . and no two have anything in common . pentecost you know what all the survivor have in common ? the last time they drive a jaeger , it be on the worst day of they life ... this be break people , sir . takada well you need to un - break they . the way we downtime keep shrink , thing could turn ugly any minute . int . shatterdome -- day Raleigh and duc play basketball at a goal that 's be wheeled out onto the floor . sunlight bathes the jaeger behind they . duc how 's swim lesson with the shark ? I hear you guy plugge in . raleigh not fun . we be a tactical mess . and the drift be confusing as hell . duc you ghost -drift yet ? raleigh like outside the pon ? no . I be not even sure that 's possible . have a crew be any more mismatch ? duc shoot . the ball bounce off the rim -- and hit a ordinance on a pass cart . tendo choi , the chief engineer , shout at duc from behind the wheel . tendo we would be dead if this have juice . you be lucky they be just kinetics . duc sorry tendo . tendo we do not have a gym ? ( continued ) 44 , continued : duc not with this view . what can I say ? you keep the girl so pretty . he turn and get back into the game , trash - talk Raleigh . duc ( cont 'd ) well he keep mine pretty ... what do you see in that old Mark - 1 ? Raleigh make a basket . he tuck the ball under he arm and gesture towards gipsy danger . raleigh I dunno ... that 's pretty cool . a crane lift tendo 's bloc of projectile and snap it to the gun barrel on the mech 's arm -- a context that reveal they to be not missile but rather giant person-sized bullet . duc what ? no . all that shit slow you down . the Mark - 2 's all gigawatt . Light as a thunderbolt . Raleigh smirk and check the ball to duc . raleigh so she 's from osaka ? duc mako ? she be in osaka . raleigh the first kaiju attack ... duc score a goal and snatch up the ball , take a break to paint Raleigh the picture . duc get this -- she dad go to the store at 7:00 ; at 7:46 -- shit hit the fan . she never see he again . they resume the game , talk as they play . raleigh Jesus ... I have never meet a survivor . duc there be not a lot a lot of they . raleigh how many kill do she have ? duc mako ? none , technically . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) raleigh that be she first live run ? duc she 's a beast . I promise you . you should see she sim run . textbook . nobody screw up out there . it be just one of that thing . raleigh she 's hard to connect with . duc take two to tango , right ? he shoot . the ball swishes into the basket . pentecost ( pre - lap ) the waltz , actually . int . dojo training hall -- night Raleigh and mako gape at pentecost as he set up a turntable . pentecost tonight , you dance the waltz . mako what ? raleigh you be kid . pentecost Dancing , Lieutenant . you have hear of dance , right ? ( beat ) Control . Rhythm . intimacy . wordless rapport . be it not relevant ? mako I have crewe a jaeger ! -- raleigh would not we time be better spend -- pentecost do what , antrobus ? raleigh running sim ? sparr ? pentecost we run five sim . you die . and you can not spar without make a brawl of it . you be better at fight each other than fight kj 's . ( continued ) 46 . continued : raleigh it 's a long damn way from fight kj 's , sensei . pentecost you be a long way from fight kj 's . a kj think with one mind . mako sensei , please . this be humiliate . a first - week recruit do not have to play this game . pentecost it 's not a problem first week recruit have , Lieutenant . they already come in pair . ( beat ) you two be stranger . it 's not you fault . but it will get you kill if you be still stranger when the siren sound . he slide a record from its sleeve . pentecost ( cont ’d ) you need to get close . he drop the needle and a song spill into the air -- siouxsie and the banshee , " the last beat of my heart . " he hold she lower back and she clutches he shoulder as they clasp hand and follow the footprint . the slow music make it easy , but they keep they eye on the step . spare and spectral . low drum . haunting accordion . siouxsie plaintively sing , " in the sharp gust of love / my memory stir / when time wreathe a rise / a garland of shame ... " we hear drift voice from memory as they dance . yancy ( v.o. ) I do not know what to tell you , ral . I fall for she . I be sorry . this be what happen when crewmate experience a drift outside the pon . it 's call a ghost -drift . ext . leo carrillo state beach -- night ( ghost - drift ) wave slap the rag rock . Raleigh and yancy stand on the precipice above , in the blaze headlight of a park truck . raleigh you fall for she . like a anchor . I guess the guy at the end of you chain just have to hold he breath . ( continued ) 47 . continued : yancy what do you need I to do , ral ? raleigh I need you to get out of my head ! he spin to face he brother - only to find yancy be not there . Raleigh stand alone on the rock . back to present mako 's hand tighten on he shoulder , a reflex . she wince but keep dance . neither dare to meet the other 's eye . the ethereal music lead they in tense , wander circle . the ghost - drift sweep over they in a storm of image and sound , fragment chaotically tumble over one another . montage -- ghost-drift -- the jaeger coyote tango stand in the shallow surf near the Santa monica pier . blood -re dusk spread from the set sun . gore-stain water streak the wide beach . flick ( v.0o . ) you ever have a nightmare too awful to talk about , ral ? -- further out , something rise . bloody seawater stream down its craggy back like water off a mountain . -- in osaka , Young mako stand at she window , watch the kaiju trespasser ravage the city . young mako he 's not come back . -- in he old mobile home , Raleigh stare into he bathroom mirror , he eye red and rag with despair . -- Raleigh pull he fist back and punch the mirror , leave the fracture we remember . -- off the Santa monica pier , tortuga face coyote tango . hulk and turtle - like , carapace studd with jag row of bony plate . it open its trifurcate beak and scream . yancy ( v.o. ) what do you need I to do , ral ? raleigh ( v.o. ) I need you to get out of my head ! -- in the ruin street of Tokyo , mako strain to squirm free of the Men in hazmat suit hold she back . no sound . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) mako ( v.o. ) the silence ... that 's the worst . -- Silent , slow motion . tortuga charge coyote tango , plow up a angry foam that hang in the air . mako ( v.o. ) you do not remember what silence be until it come flooding back . -- tortuga open he three - part beak and from he throat a harpoon - sharp tongue launch like a viper to stab deep into the jaeger 's mechanical chest . raleigh ( v.o. ) you wanna know I do all I could ? -- again , we see mako reach for the wreck jaeger . raleigh ( v.o. ) I dunno ... probably not . back to present Raleigh stare into space as they dance , dwelling on he guilt . he glance down and notice mako look right up at he , she eye soften with a empathic sadness . they keep dance , and without a word , mako rest she head on Raleigh 's shoulder as the band sing , " til the last beat / til the last fleeting beat / of my heart ... " pentecost watch from the shadow . he nod to himself and let out a small sigh of relief . to black : int . dojo corridor -- night ( ghost - drift / dream ) from Raleigh 's Pov , we drift down the dark , wood - floor hallway , pass opaque paper window . int . dojo training hall -- night ( ghost - drift / dream ) Raleigh find mako alone in the training hall , dance by herself , as if with a invisible partner . she look up from the footstep on the floor and see Raleigh . she speak perfect English ... mako we should practice the step . we will be test soon . Raleigh reply in subtitle japanese . nevertheless , they seem to comprehend each other . ( continued ) 49 . continued : raleigh I be no good with test . I use to cheat off my brother . mako that 's not cheating . that 's just depend on someone . she reach out she hand . mako ( cont 'd ) dance with I . Raleigh take she hand and the music swell , not siouxsie , a deep base pulsing like a heart . siren voice trace strange japanese harmony , chase by the percussive plucking of a shamisen ( a old japanese lute ) . dreamy and sharp ; a tense , sensual rhythm . they hold each other , as if waltzing , but without see they foot it seem as if the room be spin around they . raleigh it 's not quite right ... mako we should be closer . raleigh it only work when we be close . they look deep into each other 's eye as they draw closer . tight on they face as they body touch . each draw a gasp of surprise , without look down . they do not have to . we see why -- they clothes be suddenly go . skin to skin . they intimacy hide , press between they . goosebump prickle they bare torso . mako be that too close ? he shake he head as the dojo spin and finally become a grove of cherry blossom stir by a heavy storm cloud . Silent lightning crack the sky . falling petal course through the whirling vein of wind . they hold one another 's gaze , oblivious to all else . raleigh we will be test soon . mako we will be ready . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) they lip touch and open . a kiss , slow and cool . the world spin faster around they . the wind strengthen . the tree shed pale pink petal , twirling through the air in urgent eddyy to envelope the two kissing body , blur with a glow that swell to bleach the whole scene to white : int . raleigh's room -- night Raleigh open he eye , startle awake by the dream . int . mako' room -- night mako jolt up , hold she chest as she catch she breath . intercut raleigh / mako Raleigh sit on the edge of he bed , plant he foot on the floor , wonder -- be that both of we or just I ? he glance up at he door as if expect a knock . mako sit in bed , take stock of the dream . Raleigh get out of bed and head for he door . mako press she eye to she peephole . Raleigh open he door to find mako 's door close . mako watch he through she peephole . Raleigh lift he knuckle , about to knock on mako 's door . mako can not help but smile to herself as she watch he pause , just inch away . Raleigh stop . he rethink it and finally fold he arm . unsure of what he might say . he turn back to he room . his indecision tease a snicker from mako 's grow smile - a small sound , but Raleigh stop mid-step , and she quickly stifles she amusement - do he hear that ? Raleigh glance over he shoulder to take one last look at mako 's door - he think he hear something . he wait and finally retreat to he room . mako rest she back against the door . fade to : darkness , punctuate by a blur of multi-color light . flick ( v.0 . ) such a perfect day ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : we hear dreamy carnival music as the light sharpen -- ext . santa monica pier -- sunset ( dream ) huddle close together , yancy and flick ride the seaside ferris wheel . flick I remember it so clearly . yancy yeah ? what happen next ? flick you have the guy stop we at the top so you could ask I ... the ferris wheel stop just as they gondola reach the pinnacle . the sunset paint the pier and the ocean in dazzle shade of purple and orange . flick smile . yancy and you say ? flick I could not say anything . I just kiss you . yancy I take it as a yes . flick what if I say no ? yancy oh , he be not go to let we down without my signal . I be pretty sure I could talk you into it . they both laugh and flick cozy up to he . her smile start to fade as some part of she begin to realize it 's not real . flick I use to love this place . I have not be back since -- she hear a deafen roar and turn to see another memory play out in the water just off the pier -- two vast figure clash in the surf : the kaiju tortuga charge the jaeger coyote tango . dread wash over flick 's face as she watch . the kaiju open its three - part beak and launch its harpoon - tongue . the moment the spear tip sink into the mech 's armor , the whole vista freeze . time stop . ( continued ) 52 . continued : flick can not look away from the tragic instant . flick ( cont 'd ) make it stop , yance . yancy only you can make it stop . flick how ? yancy just get off the ride . he smirk and vault out of the gondola . she lunge for he , but as she reach over the edge -- -- he 's go . not fall . not on the ground . just go . flick look around and realize the whole pier be desert . stranded atop the ferris wheel , she search eye fall again on that freeze moment out in the still water , tortuga stabbing the jaeger , and she desperation mount . flick yancy ! she call after he as she lean over the edge of the gondola , frantically search the ground , so far below . flick ( cont 'd ) yancy ... where be -- the gondola door suddenly pop open under she weight . she fall through the air -- to black : we hear a rhythmic clatter in the dark . newt ( 0.s. ) flick ? be you okay ? newt turn on the light and we find ourselves -- int . sleeping car -- night flick rub she head and look up from the floor of the small rail - car as newt climb out of he berth . newt you fall out of you bunk . flick it be a nightmare ... ( continued ) 53 . continued : newt gently as help she into a chair . he plant himself on the floor in front of she , and root through a first aid kit . he tuck she hair aside to get a look at the cut on she head . newt do not look too bad . he soak a cotton in peroxide and dab it on she forehead , a tenderness flick seem to resent . newt ( cont 'd ) what be it about ? flick ( lie ) I can not remember ... she watch he , hard and close . he do not notice . she try to remain silent , but finally she thought just spill out . flick ( cont 'd ) it 's never go to happen , newt . newt what 's never go to happen ? she give he a look -- " you know exactly what . " he look down from the cut , meeting she eye and catch she meaning . he do not reply right away . he just gingerly adhere the bandaid to she forehead , careful to hold she hair out of the way . he turn to pack up the first aid kit . newt ( cont 'd ) I be just try to help . he do not look at she . he put the first aid kit away and find in the cabinet a mylar bag of something . she watch he load the coffee maker , puzzle . flick coffee ? it 's 3am . newt yeah , but you should not go back to sleep . you might have a concussion or something . I be gonna stay up . flick nod , frown . she look away , ashamed of herself . flick where be we ? newt basically nowhere . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) flick stare out into the jet-black landscape of the Outback , unmarre by the frailest shred of city light . ext . dirt road -- day a batter old jeep negotiate the red dust of a neglect highway crossing the arid landscape . super : on the outskirt of loongana -- nullarbor plain , western Australia int . jeep -- continuous up ahead , newt spot a cluster of old clapboard house and quonset hut , a mummify husk of a former mining settlement . flick this can not be it ... they both spot the sign dust with red earth hang over the front gate : '' the eschaton institute . " newt no , this be it . ext . the eschaton institute -- continuous a man wait in the shade of what look like a old bus stop just outside the entrance to the settlement . he stand as the jeep pull up , watch newt and flick climb out . ivo czerny ( 77 ) a silver - haire academic with weary eye and a charismatic smile , august and articulate , suspiciously devoid of any obvious eccentricity . czerny I be worried you would get lose . newt smile and approach he former mentor . czerny open he arm to embrace newt in a warm , back -slapping bear-hug . czerny ( cont 'd ) good to see you ! and this must be -- newt felicity kincaid -- flick flick . good to meet you , Doctor . czerny seeker of truth , yes ? you have come a long way to find it . I do not intend to disappoint . now then -- let 's get out of this merciless sun . ( continued ) 55 . continued : he take they bag and lead they through the front gate onto the grounds of a rundown outback plantation . they head towards a sagging , dust -stain victorian house . czerny ( cont 'd ) I must say , you timing be somewhat serendipitous . int . MAIN house -- continuous a tv play in the musty parlour . flick , newt , and czerny gather around . between the hiccup in the temperamental reception , we catch glimpsis of the live footage : a jaeger battle a kaiju . flick this be not live , be it ? newt where be it ? czerny South Korea . flick shake she head . flick but it 's only be two week ... czerny thirteen day . since lima . czerny nod and mutter under he breath . czerny ( cont 'd ) it 's happen . raleigh ( pre - lap ) what 's happen ? int . lounge -- day duc perches on the edge of he seat , watch a different news report on the same attack . Raleigh have just wander in . duc there be a attack . South Korea . on the tv , we see the kaiju -- a mountain of crustacean armor , like a outsize mole crab or woodlouse . it sit motionless at the end of a arrow -straight trail of destruction cut into the city . ( continued ) 56 . continued : raleigh be it over ? duc well they slam it with energy volley - ion pulse , wave laser , the work , but ... he trail off , listen to the news . but Raleigh can not glean the thrust of the non-english report . raleigh but what -- ? duc sorry . it blow out this huge emp like it have be suck up every gigawatt . knocked out power all over busan , they jaeger include . which be fine when it look like it kill itself in the process , except now there 's some kind of -- Raleigh step closer to the tv , he brow furrow . raleigh what the hell be that ? on the tv , the news chopper frantically zoom in , try to focus on the kaiju . under its semi-translucent carapace , something writhes and shift . duc there 's something alive inside it . raleigh another kj ? the monster 's armored back start to bulge and split open . Long spindly leg force they way out . the thing inside let out a chill scream as it start to squirm free . suddenly , alert klaxon bray urgently in the hall and duc bolt for the door -- duc saw that one come ... but he stop in he track when he hear the announcement -- loudspeaker ( filter ) roma roma roma - condition red . repeat - roma unit to ready station . this be not a drill . duc turn to Raleigh , who can scarcely believe it himself . 57 . int . hallway -- continuous Raleigh burst out into the hall just as mako poke she head out a few door down . they exchange a deeply stunne look -- Holy shit , that 's we ... without exchange a single word , they both scramble down the hall as the klaxon blare . int . changeroom -- moment later mako and Raleigh quickly undress , much too anxious to be bashful or titillate . mako mumble to herself . mako we can do this . we have train for this . you trust I , I think . they pull on they drivesuit : single -piece , form -fitting neoprene jumpsuit lace with intricate web of fiber optic and studd with a array of data port . mako ( cont 'd ) I trust you . Raleigh turn . to he ( and to we ) , she just speak English . raleigh what do you say ? she look at he , uncomprehend . mako what ? what 's wrong ? raleigh sorry ... I just -- I think I hear something . int . jaeger launch BAY -- day duc follow pentecost across the catwalk . the main floor swarm with activity . duc it should be we suite up -- pentecost it 's not Tokyo . it 's busan -- duc I know it 's busan , but they be not ready . they be go to -- pentecost they will be fine . ( continued ) 58 . continued : duc we would be finer . pentecost enter the cage elevator and turn to spell it out for duc. pentecost you would go to busan and leave cosdec command and thirteen million tokyoites in the care of the crew you do not think be ready ? duc you can not send they out there ! pentecost it 's not my call , Lieutenant ! he slam the door on duc and ride the cage down to the MAIN floor where he burst out and jog to gipsy danger . he find Raleigh and mako climb into they conn - pod at the foot of the docking tower . pentecost ( cont ’d ) do not sweat it . you will have audio translation in the ear and text on the hud . I will be in loccent . they both nod nervously as technician connect cable to the port on they drivesuit . he toss they both a pill . raleigh what 's -- ? pentecost arocin . for the rad . the Mark - 1 's pretty much a giant , walk nuclear reactor . they both swallow they anti-radiation drug . pentecost ( cont ’d ) keep that subroutine straight . the ir beam 's -- raleigh -- on the beta channel . pentecost mako , that temper of yours -- ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) mako -- yes , sensei . pentecost no showboat ! you job be to keep that kj busy ! and stay alive ! ( beat ) you hear I , mako ? do not try to impress anybody ! this be not a test ! ( beat ) you have get this ! okay ? raleigh mako thank you , sensei . thank you , sensei . they both strap on they helmet and give the signal . the canopy on the conn- pod slide close , sealing they in they self - contain control capsule . the load arm clatter up the tower , hoist the conn - pod up to they load position on the jaeger . the lower arm swing to deposit mako 's pod on the jaeger 's spine , which hang out like a ramp to draw the pod inside the torso before close over it . the armor buckle shut . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous without the display activate , the cockpit be cramped and dark . mako shut she eye and breathes deep as she feel the pod shudder and lock into place . int . jaeger launch BAY -- continuous the upper arm deposit Raleigh 's pod into the jaeger 's open neck . as the pod sink into the mech , the jaeger 's head groans back into place and lock close over the slot . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous Raleigh nervously hum " reaching for the Moon " as he run through he pre-launch check . int . jaeger launch BAY -- continuous the jumphawk lower cable to the jaeger where technician in safety orange vest , so small on the machine 's mighty shoulder , hook the end to latch on the mech 's armor . the jumphawk rise , they engine roaring to full power , and the lift -cable go taut , strain until the incredible machine begin to lift off the ground . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous a friendly tone precede a soothing digital voice . ( continued ) 60 . continued : digital voice pon initialized . input ready . just as Raleigh plug the pon 's mainline into the port behind he ear , the front of the cockpit melt away to the three - sixty projection of the outside . all of Tokyo unfold below he as the jumphawk lift the jaeger out of shatterdome . he feel mako wire into the pon with a shrill feedback squeal and a swell of ambient voice . they anxiety fuel the dissonant cacophony of memory murmuring in the background . int . loccent -- day pentecost put a earpiece in he ear as he enter and quickly move to stand over the communication console . at the console , two dispatcher ( one English ; one japanese ) and two proxies . Proxy - 1 explain they role to mako in japanese as Proxy - 2 explain in English for Raleigh . proxy-2 roma - 1 , this be you translation Proxy . hereafter , I will be relaying roma - 2 's chatter in English . copy ? int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako shake she head , suddenly daunt by the lunacy of try to drive a jaeger like this . mako copy , Proxy -l ... ( laugh grimly ) if we get out of this alive -- int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous Proxy - 2 translate the rest for Raleigh . proxy - 2 ( filter ) -- remind I to buy a English dictionary . raleigh Proxy - 2 , please tell I that be mako . proxy -2 ( filter ) affirmative . 61. int . loccent -- continuous General takada stand behind a central dais from where he coordinate loccent 's complement of various ops officer , technician , and telemetry specialist . takada be the pon hot ? ops officer yes , sir . they be both plugge in . takada on the masterboard . a new insert pop up on the wide front -screen ; two waveform pattern zigzagge wildly out of sync -- not that we can read it , but we see the reaction of the people who can : pentecost turn to glare at the General , but takada ignore he , just scowling at the screen . kaori gasp and cover she mouth . duc run he finger through he hair . kaori ( whisper to duc ) we have to do something ... duc there 's nothing we can do . ext . korea strait -- day the roaring jumphawk fly in formation over choppy seas , carry gipsy danger into rough weather ahead . dispatch ( filter ) roma - 1 , you target be a cat - 3 kaiju . report name : invidia . have demonstrate the capacity to absorb and reconstitute direct energy volley . recommend you limit you attack to melee and solid projectile . invidia be move inland from haeundae Beach . Drop zone will put you one klick West to intercept . eta : three and a half minute . good hunt . ext . busan coast -- day a heavy , tropical rain cloud the shape of the cluttere tower and high -rise along the water 's edge . column of smoke rise to tangle with the low storm cloud . super : haeundae Beach -- busan , South Korea gipsy danger whooshes past as the V - 5as bring she in . 62 . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous the rain pour as the kaiju invidia stalk through the fresh devastation . a spindly , mantid shape ; tall as a skyscraper . she twist she viper- like head to hiss at a squad of fighter jet . she lash out with she mantis-arm as the jet scream by , unload a hail of bomb that only annoy the beast . with the shape of gipsy danger grow larger and darker in the rain - smear sky , the jet bank away , leave the fight to the pro . the V -50s swing around to drop the jaeger up the street from the kaiju . the road shudder as gipsy danger 's weight hit . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous raleigh okay , mako . motor active in three . mako , confirm . proxy -2 ( filter ) confirm . raleigh Three , two , one -- motor active . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous invidia turn to face this new challenger , cock she head . she unfold a set of long translucent wing . her wing beat so fast that they seem to wave very slow , not enough to get the monster off the ground , but enough to make she more nimble than something of she size should be . her thrumming wing vibrate the building like a tuning fork and stir up transient vortex , strong as tornado , fling car and bus about before dissipate . int . loccent -- continuous the tension in the command center spike as they witness the kaiju 's astonish speed . we hear mako 's japanese on the radio a few second before the Proxy start to translate . proxy -2 Raleigh . autocannon . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous raleigh ( filter ) autocannon hot . ( continued ) 63 . continued : the jaeger 's huge gatling gun spews a steady stream of round , each big enough to shatter a car , cutting a swathe of devastation as it swivel to track the kaiju . but invidia evade the fire , dance around the plume of shrapnel with the aid of she buz wing . the gun roar , punch crater in the street and slice through a office building , but not catch the fleet - foote invidia before she flit out of sight , too fast . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako curse in japanese as invidia slip away . int . conn - pod roma -1 -- continuous raleigh goddamn it ! it 's that wing . she 's too fast for a Mark - 1 . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous out of sight , the drone of the monster 's wing provide the only hint of she trajectory . gipsy danger shuffles she huge mechanical leg to track the suppose path of the kaiju ; build for brute strength and naked power , simply too slow to match the beast 's movement . the droning grow , shuddering nearby building -- invidia be get closer . a few block away , she draw a predatory circle around gipsy danger , skitter over and between the boxy urban terrain . the jaeger turn slowly clockwise , try to zero in on the sound as invidia remain easily outside the periphery . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako loccent , I need a bird 's eye from one of the V - 5as . a aerial view of the battle area open up on she wraparound display . on it , she spot invidia come to a position just behind the jaeger , prepare to pounce . mako ( cont 'd ) Raleigh , she 's on we six ! on the aerial , invidia lunge for the jaeger 's back , she mantid arm open for the kill . mako ( cont 'd ) incoming ! get down ! down ! down ! 64 . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous Raleigh hear mako 's frantic japanese and feel she anxiety , unnerve by the translation delay . proxy -2 ( filter ) Raleigh , she 's on we six ! incom -- ext . haeundae beach -- continuous gipsy danger crouch just as invidia soar over -- she talone leg grazing the jaeger 's shoulder . the kaiju alight in the road ahead and turn to face the jaeger . she rear up screeching , and throw she mantid arm open to tower over gipsy danger ; a intimidation display . int . conn - pod roma -1 -- continuous Raleigh catch he breath , utterly daunt . raleigh we be -- we be too slow ... the murmuring voice in the pon swell , spilling over each other in tense fragment . mako ( v.o. ) silence ... raleigh ( v.o. ) like a anchor ... mako ( v.o. ) come flooding back ... raleigh ( v.o. ) dragging I down ... drown ... mako ( v.o. ) I have never have to try before ... ext . leo carrillo state beach -- night ( drift ) Raleigh and yancy stand atop the sea-batter rock . mako ( v.o. ) I do not know how ... yancy what do you need I to do , ral ? mako ( v.o. ) I do not know what to do ... raleigh I need you to get out of my head ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : maddened by the noise in he head , Raleigh finally spin to face he brother , find himself -- int . osaka penthouse -- night ( drift ) Young mako stand at the tall window , watch trespasser 's rampage . she look over she shoulder to Raleigh . young mako he 's not come back , be he ? she turn back to watch the monster . young mako ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do ... trespasser throw open he jaw in a silent roar and Raleigh set he jaw and march towards Young mako with purpose . outside , the roar 's sound - wave rip through high - rise as it spread closer . Raleigh stand beside Young mako at the window and offer he hand . she look up at he , uncertain , but finally she take it , a critical connection -- -- just as the roar blow out the window . but it do not throw either Raleigh or Young mako back . they hand clasped , it wash over they -- a baptism of thunder . int . conn - pod roma - 2 -- day ( present ) mako 's eye shoot open with urgent clarity ... and when she speak , it sound like English to we . mako Raleigh , I need you to -- int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous it sound like English to Raleigh too , but he do not have time to be astound . they have a job to do . mako ( filter ) proxy - 2 ( filter ) raleigh shut the hell up ! I hear she ! int . loccent -- continuous pentecost catch it first . he look up at the pon readout on the masterboard . Proxy - 1 start to translate " shut the hell up " into japanese , but pentecost interrupt he . pentecost stop translate . cut the com . ( continued ) 66 . continued : proxy -2 you want we to leave they -- pentecost look at the interlace ! takada Commander ? pentecost he " hear " she . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous raleigh he can absorb energy -- mako ( filter ) the wing be too thin . I think we can burn they and -- raleigh -- slow he down ! right right ! okay , ir beam be up . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous gipsy danger 's chest open up to reveal a elaborate array of lense and mirror that begin to glow white hot . a heat beam , invisible to the naked eye but for the shimmer ripple of heat . the torrential rain boil away where ever it cross the channel of superheate air . invidia recoil in pain , shrieking . her thin wing curl and melt , finally turn to cinder in the wind . int . loccent -- continuous the control room listen , amaze . to they ear , mako speak frenzied japanese and Raleigh reply in English . raleigh ( filter ) right on . my thought exactly . kaori ( to duc , whisper ) they understand each other ? duc just shrug and shake he head , speechless . ops officer interlace be ninety percent and climb . limbic resonance optimal . oxytocin and vasopressin spike . ( continued ) 67 . continued : pentecost ( to self ) that 's it . now you be dance . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous invidia tremble as the rain steam from she scorched wing . raleigh ( filter ) setting you up for a railgun fire solution . ready ? mako ( filter ) hit I . gipsy danger raise she leave arm and train the long , arm - mount cannon on invidia . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako focus on she wraparound vista , willing the drift target pipper to lock onto invidia . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous we hear the magnetic driver inside the barrel spin up to finally launch a kinetic round with a deafen sonic boom . the supersonic bunker - buster slam into one of the kaiju 's mantid arm , splintering the exoskeleton and leave the devastate limb hang by a sinew . in a delirious rage , invidia rip the useless arm off and fling it at gipsy danger . it fall short , smashing into a mall . the kaiju let out a bone- shudder scream at she attacker , before launching into a full - on charge . Raleigh watch invidia charge , slaver and savage . she seem to slow down as she draw closer . time itself seem to be grind to a halt . the heavy rain seem to hang in the air . ext . santa monica pier -- dusk ( drift ) tortuga charge through the water in slow motion . mako ( v.o. ) Raleigh . Raleigh . int . dojo training hall -- night ( drift ) Raleigh and mako dance alone on the dojo floor . Raleigh stare past mako , into space . ( continued ) 68 . continued : raleigh he 's charge ... too fast ... mako look at I . his eye lower and focus on she . she smile . mako ( cont 'd ) we get this . you know why ? int . conn - pod roma-1 -- day ( present ) invidia now fill the wraparound display , charge in what mako and Raleigh perceive to be ultra slow motion . we hear they telepathic dialogue continue -- raleigh ( v.o. ) why ? Raleigh watch the kaiju with a freeze expression . mako ( v.o. ) it 's my favorite , Raleigh -- the Mark 1 have a sword . be not that just the coolest thing ? a grin of realization slowly cross Raleigh 's face . ext . haeundae beach -- continuous a heavy , chain - like whip spill from gipsy danger 's gauntlet ; a length of razor - sharp metal segment thread with a thick cable . the chain 's weight pulverize the asphalt . a instant later , the cable draw taut , pull the interlock metal segment tight together -- rata - chink -- stiffening the chain - whip into a sword . it barely take a second for the jaeger to deploy the weapon and , in one fluid motion , pull back and swing -- -- ripping clear through invidia 's neck . her head fall off . her monstrous body scramble and convulse before finally toppling onto the street . int . loccent -- continuous the whole room shoot to its foot , erupting in cheer and applause . the ops Officer shout over the excitement . ops officer kaiju invidia have be neutralize ! repeat -- threat neutralize ! jumphawk rendezvous at gipsy danger and prep for return ! ( continued ) 69 . continued : duc pump he fist in the air and hug kaori . pentecost laugh in sheer relief . the General smirk and nod . int . shatterdome -- day gipsy danger stand by she docking tower . the load arm bring the conn-pod down as a crowd of riotously applauding personnel start to swarm around the jaeger . the canopy of Raleigh 's conn - pod open , he 's on he foot , disconnect he driveskin . he see mako 's canopy open and point to she , shouting over the jubilant noise . raleigh you ! you can understand I ??? you know what I be say ??? she beam and shout back . mako yeah ! can you understand I ? raleigh yes ! ( note : when she speak , mako 's lip move out of sync to the word we hear -- like a dub movie . the discrepancy gradually ebb as they relationship develop . eventually she seem to be speak naturally . ) they each finish unhook they drivesuit and vault out of they conn-pod . the cheering crowd part for they to find each other . they embrace in a enthusiastic hug . Raleigh laugh from he soul as he pick she up off the ground , spin she around . he turn to the crowd and lift she arm up for the crowd , point at she . raleigh ( cont 'd ) first kill ! first kill ! the crowd go berserk , whistling , clapping , cheering . mako laugh , blushes , and nod a graceful " thank you . " int . toraburu karaoke bar -- night pack with shatterdome personnel ; still in they uniform ; drink , celebrate , and sing under blacklight . the whole dance floor be a giant flatscreen play flashy action clip from mecha anime like gundam , mazinger , evangelion , voltron , and other . ( continued ) 70 . continued : we find mako and Raleigh sit at a booth overlook the action , with duc fawn over they both . duc we think you guy be dead ! that be amazing ! you can understand each other ? right now ? because to my ear , she 's speak japanese . raleigh I hear it in English . duc ( to mako , subtitle ) and you hear he in japanese ? she nod . duc ( cont 'd ) what if I speak English to you ? mako look at he with a blank look , then to Raleigh . raleigh he want to know if you understand what he 's say . mako oh . no , I do not . duc ( laugh , amaze ) that 's the weirdest thing . must be like a ghost - drift , but I have never hear of anything like it . raleigh Heard of any crew who do not speak the same language to begin with ? duc Fair point ... kaori come up with a drink for she husband . she set it on the table and bend down to whisper something in he ear . he look up as if to say -- " really ? " she nod . duc ( cont 'd ) hang on . you will love this . he hop up and scruff mako 's hair as he shout to the crowd . duc ( cont 'd ) first kill ! the crowd cheer and duc make he way to the stage . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) kaori you two make a cute couple . mako turn to playfully smack kaori , who laugh and wink at she , before follow she husband into the crowd . raleigh what do she say ? mako she say -- she have to -- go down there for some reason ... they beam at each other across the table , giddy and shy , like a pair of school - kid . duc 's voice spill from the sound system as he get the mic . duc this one go out to the odd couple that save busan ... we hear a wispy synth riff and he begin to sing -- duc ( cont 'd ) let 's dance in style , let 's dance for a while / Heaven can wait , we be only watch the sky / hope for the best but expect the worst / be you gonna drop the bomb or not ? -- alphaville 's " forever Young . " the crowd cheer he on and he ham it up . mako roll she eye . raleigh I get you something . mako you do not . raleigh first kill , right ? he hand she a present . she cock a eyebrow . raleigh ( cont 'd ) nothing huge , but it 's the only thing you ever say you want . she tear into the package -- a japanese / English dictionary . she laugh . Raleigh shrug . raleigh ( cont 'd ) we make it out alive , do not we ? she look off into space for a moment , have a think . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) mako it 's really loud ... I be think about head back to base . raleigh mako raleigh oh -- would that be cool ? mako I feel like now that we can talk -- raleigh -- we should be get to know each other . right . I too . mako yeah , we can talk on the train . raleigh I be game . lead the way , gunslinger . int . dormitory hallway -- night Raleigh and mako come down the empty hall ( everyone still out party ) . Raleigh glance down at he watch . raleigh earlier than I think . they stop just outside they respective quarter . mako I be not that tired . maybe I will brush up on my English . raleigh yeah , I have be try to learn some japanese off tv Tokyo ... mako yeah ? how 's that go ? raleigh not good . mako well I be -- raleigh right . I will just let you -- he trail off as they both turn to go into they room . mako hey Raleigh ? sweet dream . ( continued ) 73 . continued : she smile impishly . raleigh I know it ! I know it ! mako crack up , double over . Raleigh turn beat red . she manage to stop laugh long enough to say -- mako sorry . I could not resist . it 's cool . really . I barely remember it . raleigh you do not ? mako who can remember a dream ? do you ? raleigh only vaguely . they smile at each other -- a lie agree upon . raleigh ( cont 'd ) it happen , right ? she nod . they both lean in they doorway . neither can think of anything else to say , but neither want to go . mako well ... goodnight , Raleigh . finally she back into she room and start to close she door . Raleigh do likewise . raleigh night , mako . int . mako' room -- continuous she shut the door -- and hesitates with she hand on the doorknob , chew she lip , think . int . dormitory hallway -- continuous mako open she door just as Raleigh open he . they both chuckle awkwardly as they stare at one another across the hall , a think on the tip of they tongue , unsure of how to phrase it . simultaneously , they realize there 's no point in try to phrase it , and they let themselves collide in the middle of the hallway , kissing hungrily . without break mako back Raleigh into he room and kick the door close behind she . 74 . ext . the eschaton institute -- night a bonfire swell , spitting ember into the starry night sky as czerny heaps more kindling onto the blaze . flick sit across the fire . newt stand , arm cross , wary . czerny the interstice be a gateway to another universe . a older universe . a die universe ... he chuckle and get a distant look in he eye as he gaze into the bonfire . his smile fade . czerny ( cont 'd ) I read a article about how a particle accelerator could create a new universe . nonsense , right ? Technology far beyond we . ( beat ) the anteverse , across the interstice , be home to a civilization eon older than man . flick newt ? -- what 's he say ? czerny they create we universe , to escape the death of they own . and we be merely a infestation to they . rat on they life raft . newt a while ago , you tell I you be on the verge of a breakthrough . something that could turn the tide ? czerny that 's why you be here ? you want to know how to stop they ? flick I have get a contact at Central Command . whatever you have , Doctor , I can put it in front of the brass . he scratch he chin , a baffle grin on he face . newt what be you work on ? what do you see in the interstice ? czerny not something in the interstice . a way to look through the interstice . ( continued ) 75 . continued : newt how ? czerny be you have nightmare , miss kincaid ? worse than usual ? newt we be try to ask you -- czerny and I be try to tell you . they be come from the interstice -- the nightmare . it 's broadcasting nightmare . psychic pamphlet bombs. ( whisper ) I find a way to use that signal to see into the anteverse ... newt stand up . he 's hear enough . newt this be ridiculous . psychic signal , ivo ? really ? czerny midway have technology beyond you wildest dream . we mapped the interstice 's geometry . we discover state of matter -- newt you mapped the interstice ? czerny it can not be close , newt , it -- newt but it have to have a weak point , right ? a target detonation -- this catch czerny , it take he a moment to cut newt off . czerny -- would just open it wider . newt I want to see the map ... czerny the map be not important . newt no , psychic transmission be what 's important . ( shaking he head ) ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) newt ( cont 'd ) what happen to you ? you use to be a scientist . czerny shake he head and sigh . he stand and calmly rest he hand on newt 's shoulder with a smile . czerny I be tired , newt ... we can talk more tomorrow if you feel like listen ... newt and flick watch he shuffle up towards the main house . newt I be sorry , flick . I do not know he be this far go . flick watch czerny with suspicion in she eye . flick he 's hide something . newt maybe . but what can we do ? flick we can find it . go see if you can get into he study . I be go to check out that quonset hut . int . quonset hut -- continuous flick steal into the darken storage hut , find it full of unlabel crate . without turn on the light she drag one out into the middle of the floor and strain to pry open the lid with she bare hand -- she do not know what kind of time she have . finally get it loose , she toss the lid aside and claw through the pack material . finally she pull out -- a generic bottle of water . she look around at all the crate and she imagination relent , let they secret become can goods . about to leave , she notice the corner of a doorway at the back wall , partially conceal by a stack of palettes on a dolly . she push the dolly away and try the door . it 's lock . with a twisted old paperclip , she probe the keyhole , finess the lock with a practice hand . ( continued ) 77 . continued : suddenly , the fluorescent light flicker on above she . she drop the paperclip and whirl around to find czerny . czerny now what make you think this modest little hut have secret ? flick look ... I be sorry but -- ( anger flaring ) if you have just talk ! without couch you answer in bullshit riddle ! I be so tired of run around in circle ! I be sorry ... czerny I be not angry . I know what it be to be willing to chase the answer even into the darkest abyss . flick I have come so far to see the thing you say you have see . if you can not tell I what , at least tell I how . czerny there 's a telepathic area of the kaiju 's brain . it 's tune to the signal from the anteverse . flick see ? this be what I mean . you can not just expect I to believe you can peek into a kaiju 's thought . czerny see for yourself . he head to the lock door and fumble for he key . flick how ? czerny you know what a drift be ? he clumsily unlock the door . flick the vision jaeger pilot have when they be in the pon ... he open the door . 78 . int . backroom -- continuous czerny turn on the light as he lead flick inside . she stop at the threshold , daunt by the sight : beside a examination table , a 200 gallon aquarium , wherein a wrinkle coil of meat hang in aspic-color liquid , pepper with electrode . Big as a man , it can only be kaiju 's brain . and then she notice what look like a rough-hewn pon on the floor between the table and the vat ... czerny well , you be about to have a drift with a kaiju . int . MAIN house -- night newt move through the darken hallway . int . cherny study -- continuous in the dark , newt search the rustic outback office . he turn on a flat wall monitor -- " no signal . " so he follow a AV cable from the monitor to a nearby cabinet . open the cabinet , he find a hard drive stamp with cosdec 's seal , and a menace anti-theft warning from sci- division . jackpot . he grin and flick it on . the " no signal " message vanish from the monitor , but nothing else come up -- just a empty pale glow . frustrate , newt keep search . he look in the closet . he open desk drawer . he crouch to look under the desk -- and on the floor , level with the top of the desk , he stop . we see what 's catch he attention : a pair of humble read glass , but line up with the glow wall monitor , we see in the lense shape and color that be not there . newt carefully put the read glass on , and through the lense clearly see a 3d projection hang in the air before the glow monitor : a hide holographic interface , invisible without the read glass . find he can manipulate the data with he hand , newt open folder , probing deeper and deeper into czerny 's database ... int . backroom -- night flick lie on the examination table . czerny tighten the strap around she wrist and ankle . ( continued ) 79 . continued : flick I do not have a wetport . czerny we will have to do it how we do it before the implant . he show she the end of a data transmission cable . in place of a mundane connector , the wire terminate in a three inch gold needle , a little thicker than a hypodermic needle . flick you be go to stab that into my brain ... czerny carefully . flick could this kill I ? czerny how badly do you want to see it ? without say anything , she rest she head on the table . czerny secure she head , neck , and shoulder in a metal brace design to keep she skull steady for the delicate procedure . he flip on a small video screen -- on it , he see a grainy ultrasound image of she brain . he dab a topical numb agent on the soft patch of skin behind she ear . czerny ( cont 'd ) I be numb you , but it 's go to hurt . just keep still . I be aim for a specific spot . if I miss , you might forget the letter R or you might become a vegetable . ready ? she nod and czerny line up the needle . he pierce the skin and gingerly push the needle in . she fight to contain she reflex as she limb strain against the leather strap . her face tense with pain as he guide the needle deeper , watch its progress on the ultrasound , finally find the target section of she brain . the needle , all the way in . he twist a dial on the makeshift pon . czerny ( cont 'd ) I be send a test signal . you should smell chocolate . do you ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) when she speak , she can not hide she pain . her word spill out slur and desperate . flick yuh-yuh -ye . I smell it . czerny alright . then you be good to go live with the specimen . he flip a switch on the pon . in the tank , the disembody brain shiver . flick gasp . she speak , oddly loud , as if try to be hear over music only she can hear . flick voice ... I think I see -- something ... oh god ... where be I ? he rest he palm on she forehead and answer she quietly , know she can not hear he . her mind be elsewhere . newt the other side , child . and with that , he depart , leave she alone on the table . int . cherny study -- night newt surf czerny 's holographic database and finally spot a promise file : " interstice.model . " a 3d projection materialize before he : a abstract , fluid shape resembling a funnel cloud , slithering and stretch itself randomly -- the throat of the interstice . newt circle the eerie projection , utterly rapt , carefully examine every angle . he lean close , narrowing he eye on a point near the center . curious he try to touch it ... suddenly , the funnel shiver and break at its thinnest point , like a over - stretch bubble finally split . not intend to collapse the projection , newt curse he clumsiness ... but the implication begin to dawn on he . he bring the projection up again . he touch random point ; the throat ripple and flexe with he touch , but he can not seem to find the spot he touch before ... int . backroom -- night in the tank , the kaiju brain quiver as the web of electrode harvest its synapse and feed they into the pon , where they cross the wire stab into flick 's skull . ( continued ) 81 . continued : she lie on the table , pale and shiver , horrify . we transition to she vision not in one clean cut or smooth dissolve , but in a break , helter - skelter succession of frame stutter into a uneasy view of the anteverse as flick see it . the image have a jittery quality . and the sound , drown and throbbing with tinnitus , clot like syrup in we ear . it feel intrinsically unstable . we find ourselves suddenly perch at a vertiginous height . mile below we , a dark and bitter alien world . the wind toss frosty veil of hoarfrost under a blank sky -- a wide and star-less pall , black as pitch . a dead sun hang over the horizon like a bare lightbulb -- a ashen sphere , crack by river of cold , cruel light . a expanse of frigid ocean , divide into wide sink pen , clear to the horizon -- like a inconceivably vast fish farm . the wide sea steam with desperate breath . nightmarish life seethes in the water , pack tight as entrail . clamber talon , slithering tentacles , jaw gasping . the sea steam with they rag breath . kaiju . all kaiju . Far as the eye can see . a unfathomable mass of monstrous violence . a fine grid of walkway overlay the pen , upon which we glimpse the precursor from afar . spare , skeletal figure , like the rarefy inhabitant of a architectural sketch , minuscule against the vast darwinian chaos below they . back in the backroom flick tense with shiver convulsion , glisten with sweat , tear trail from she eye ... int . czerny 's study -- same newt watch the holographic interstice whip and flow like a liquid sculpture . he randomly stab at it with he finger , hope to duplicate the action that collapse it . suddenly , the study light come on . newt tear off the glass and turn . czerny glare at he . he approach without a word and offer he hand expectantly . newt surrender the glass . ( continued ) 82 . continued : czerny put they on to see what newt have be look at . he frown and shake he head as he put the glass in he shirt pocket . newt interject . newt I think there 's a way to close the interstice . if we just look at -- czerny you can not blow up a hole . newt it have a structure . I touch something . I make it collapse . czerny you can not pinpoint a weak spot ! it 's too fluid ! it 's impossible ! newt that 's not true ... what do you tell cosdec ? that close the it be implausible -- or impossible ? czerny what difference do it make ? newt we be fight for we life ! czerny ++. and we will lose . newt why do they send you here ? czerny because I have to be quarantine . I look into the abyss . I would be infect with the truth -- that this be the end of we . we be the vermin of the god . there 's no point in put up a fight ... he shuffles to the closet and slide the door open . newt what be you do ? czerny I be finish this ... he push the clothes aside and pull a chain . a naked lightbulb illuminate a warhead , a jaeger-size munition . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) czerny ( cont 'd ) a thermobaric warhead . you know what that be ? a seismic bomb . for the Mark - 3 . powerful enough to blow a category - 5 kaiju in half . he huddle over a control panel wire up to the bomb . newt stride over to pull czerny away from the weapon . czerny swat he away with a unexpected burst of force that knock newt to the ground . he step back . the clock tick down -- 2:00 , 1:59 , 1:58 ... newt have you lose you mind ? czerny do you not listen to a word I say ? they be not just come here ! they make here ! they universe be die ! it 's raw survival ! you would stand against the creator of the universe ? and I be insane ? again , newt scramble for the bomb . czerny grapples the boy in he arm . they struggle in desperation as the bomb 's clock tick -- 1:46 , 1:45 , 1:44 ... they clumsy skirmish draw chaotic pirouettes , slamming newt into the wine cabinet . finally , newt catch he foot and pin czerny against the wall . newt we can solve this ! there 's hope ! czerny hope fail ! it lift you up and it drop you ! I be not go to let you poison the world with hope ! and with that , czerny grab a nearby letter opener and jam the dull blade into newt 's rib . newt recoil as the bloody blade clatter to the floor . newt drop to he knee in pain . czerny throw he down , wrapping he finger around newt 's neck . Wild -ey , he try to wring the life out of newt . 1:29 , 1:28 , 1:27 ... ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 3 ) czerny ( cont 'd ) I be do you a favor . you do not wanna be around when they get here . ask you friend ... newt break czerny 's grip and take he by the collar . newt what do you do to she ??? czerny only chuckle through a blood-slick sneer . newt drop he and take a step towards the bomb , but czerny grab he ankle . newt fall to the floor , and kick he foot free . he grab the flatscreen off the wall and drop it on czerny 's head . the scientist fall limp . newt clumsily gather he bearing . he glance at the bomb 's control panel . 1:14 , 1:13 , 1:12 ... quickly , he opt to find flick and get out . ext . MAIN house -- continuous newt burst out the door and bolt for the quonset hut . int . backroom -- continuous flick twitches on the table , lose in the drift , she eye lock on some horrid sight in some other universe . int . quonset hut -- continuous newt burst inside . he hear scream and quickly spot the back door . he try it -- lock . he pound and shout . newt flick ! open the door ! int . backroom -- continuous shiver course through flick 's muscle . her lip quiver . hopeless tear spill from she wide eye . int . cherny study -- continuous on the floor , czerny smile as he squint at the clock -- 257 , 2:56 , :55 ... int . quonset hut -- continuous newt kick at the door , again and again , time run out . 85 . int . backroom -- continuous the door splinter open and newt rush in to find flick drench in sweat and so pale , almost blue . he pull the needle out of she brain and unfasten the strap . the drift seem to linger in she mind . flick so cold . can not breath ... newt breathe ! you have to breathe ! flick it hurt . Ice in my lung . int . cherny study -- continuous the clock tick -- :44 , :43 , :42 ... ext . the eschaton institute -- continuous newt cradle flick in he arm . her head loll as she stare at the sky , see another sky , some other place . flick no star . the sky be dead ... he briskly carry she to the jeep and strap she into the passenger 's seat , before climb in , twist the ignition , and throttling it so hard that the rear wheel spin up plume of red dust , before catch and launching the vehicle up the road . int . jeep -- continuous newt 's frantic eye dart between the twist desert road and the compound 's gate , shrink in he rearview mirror . flick gag . her body convulse in she seat . her back arch as if she spine want to break she in half . she fall limp . newt reach over to feel she pulse as he drive . newt no no no ! gimme a pulse , flick ! he can not stop to give she cpr . he know he 's not far enough from the blast yet . he floor it . her head loll with the sharp turn , lifeless as a doll . 86 . ext . outback road -- continuous the jeep bob and weave along the torture road . we pull back to see the escape in context -- the jeep 's meander headlight too slow and still too close to the compound . int . cherny study -- continuous the final second -- :06 , :05 , :04 , :03 ... ext . the eschaton institute -- continuous the pavilion go up in a mighty crack of light follow by a flame - less blast and a incredible shockwave that rip through every building in its path , levelling the compound . it speed out , warping the air and rippling the ground . the wave slam the jeep and toss it careen end over end . int . jeep -- continuous newt steady flick 's limply flail body as the jeep roll . ext . outback -- continuous the batter jeep finally settles on its side . a moment later , newt crawl out the sun roof . he turn and pull flick 's body out after he . he drag she a safe distance from the wreck and check again for she pulse . find nothing , he begin perform cpr as the compound burn in the distance . cycle after cycle . compression , breath , repeat ... we heart sink , but newt do not let up . he do not shout or lose it ; he just keep at it , like a machine . suddenly , flick jolt with a fit of cough . she weakly push newt away and roll over to puke . at first , it seem such a fragile miracle , he dare not touch she . she gasp and wince , cradling she cpr - crack rib . weak word spill out of she mouth . flick why do you save I ? newt what do he do to you ? flick I do it , newt ! it be my decision ! she turn away from newt , cough . she hold she rib gingerly and succumb to she tremble leg , sit in the dust . she watch the compound burn . ( continued ) 87 . continued : flick ( cont 'd ) I see the other universe ... you should have let I die , newt . newt run he finger through he hair , crush to hear she talk like this . he have nothing to say ... flick ( cont 'd ) the interstice be stabilize . more be come . in number we can not imagine . newt have a sudden think . newt what do you say ? about the interstice ? flick it 's stabilize ... newt be you sure ? how do you know ? flick I know because they know . newt start to smile . he can barely get the word out . newt flick ... I know how to close it . I know how to close the interstice . ext . pudong , shanghai -- night a futuristic riverfront skyline , crowded with record -smash supertall skyscraper , all blaze with neon color . gipsy danger stand in the street , poise to fight a oncoming kaiju -- as if in a neon jungle , the titanic pair dwarf by pudong 's orbe spire and stark , glass edifice . kaiju oolong , a chitinous crab-like dragon with black exoskeletal armor and giant pincer . the behemoth haul itself up the wide freeway on the tip of its huge crab - claw , reminiscent of a knuckle - walk gorilla . gipsy danger lift she arm . the armor open to expose a row of electrical transformer . without cut to the conn-pod , we hear Raleigh and mako 's radio traffic . raleigh ( filter ) electrolaser hot . mako ( filter ) let 's feed he some thunder . ( continued ) 88 . continued : the air hum with electricity as she train a emerald green target laser on oolong . crack — in the searing blink of a eye , a jag bolt of lightning flash between the transformer and the kaiju . oolong recoil , smoke sizzling from the flashpoint . mako ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) damnit ! weapon short ! raleigh ( filter ) we will do it the old - fashoin way . oolong grab gipsy danger in he black claw and drive the jaeger back , she iron foot grinding gully into the asphalt . the kaiju slam the jaeger into the two-thousand foot shanghai Tower . the lower floor shatter and collapse . the soar glass helix fall , pulverize a quarter - mile of dense city block , its pinnacle smashing into the river . the throbbing city light stain the settling dust in lurid color . we see oolong still bear down on gipsy danger . the beast squeeze the mech in he pincer . but , gipsy danger push back , pry the it open ... raleigh ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) push push push ! in a sharp outburst of effort , the jaeger open the claw so far that the joint crack . gipsy danger rip off the lower half of the giant claw , and jam the chitinous skewer into oolong 's eye . oolong shriek and thrashes he dragon- like head . gipsy danger grab the kaiju by the jaw and twist . finally , oolong 's neck snap . the dead kaiju teeter and crash to the ground . int . the mock - pit -- continuous hydraulics lift the lid of the simulate conn - pod as pentecost enter , carry he clipboard . pentecost well the tower put you property damage in the red ... raleigh want we to go again ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : pentecost you kid ? you beat the time by half . take the night off . raleigh but the property damage ... pentecost it 's pudong . four of the region 's tallest building in four square mile . it 's always in the red . ( beat ) seriously , call it a night . you rip through all my scenario . I need to cook up a new one . pentecost make note on he clipboard as Raleigh and mako unstrap they helmet and climb out of the pit . raleigh dinner ? mako you go on . save I a spot in line . he go . she linger , ringing she hand as she wait for pentecost to look up from he clipboard . she finally speak . mako ( cont 'd ) sensei . you should know ... Raleigh and I have be -- pentecost answer brusquely without look up . pentecost I be afraid we be approach the limit of my expertise , Lieutenant . mako yes , sensei . sorry . she start out , embarrassed . pentecost sigh . pentecost it 's new . you do not know what it be yet . I wish I could tell you . cadet enlist in pair . Old soul . the work 's do . the bond be cool and set . like granite . what you have , it 's magma . no one can tell you what shape it will take ... she pull herself together and nod . mako thank you , sensei . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) pentecost be you happy ? she dwell on it , until a smile crack she lip . mako I be , yes . pentecost well that 's a start , be not it ? int . raleigh 's room -- night swathed by tangle bedsheet , mako and Raleigh laze in post - coital contentment . she rest she head on he heart . mako should we be do this ? raleigh we be suppose to be bond ... mako ah , like maybe we have to do this . raleigh right , for the good of mankind . they laughter trail , but the think stick ... mako back at kodiak , most of the team that be sleep together wash out in the first round ... raleigh not duc and kaori ... she turn to face he , prop she chin on she arm . mako it can get complicated . even for normal people ... Raleigh 's mind wander . his eye look past mako and we hear the drift voice of he memory . flick ( v.0o . ) do I screw up the bond that drive the machine ? -- raleigh ( v.o. ) look sharp , yance , he 's come up . mako hear it too . ( continued ) gl. continued : mako ( kind ) Raleigh ... stop . you do all you could . he be you brother . you could not not ... ext . santa monica pier -- dusk ( ghost - drift ) the kaiju tortuga rise from the water , bloody and batter , but not finish . coyote tango stand ready to fight . back to present raleigh what if -- my reflex stop I ? mako that 's not how reflex work . raleigh be not it ? mako there 's a part of we that want to care about other people ... ext . santa monica pier -- dusk ( ghost - drift ) tortuga shake the sea of he asperous armor , and let out a full - throat roar . mako ( v.o . ) and in time of crisis , for some people , that part take over . it just sweep all the petty crap away and grab the wheel ... int . conn - pod zuma 2 -- continuous ( ghost -drift ) the jaeger 's arm wander into yancy 's view as Raleigh unconsciously have the jaeger cover its front . yancy guarding ! get that arm up and give I a fire solution ! ext . santa monica pier -- continuous ( ghost - drift ) coyote tango lift she arm -mount cannon to take aim at the kaiju . tortuga crouch , tense , ready to charge . raleigh ( filter ) he 's gonna rush we , yance ! yancy ( filter ) do not drop you aim ! 92 . int . conn - pod zuma 2 -- continuous ( ghost -drift ) tortuga shift he massive bulk as the sea breeze toss curtain of mist of he hide . yancy concentrate but can not make the target pipper find a lock . int . conn - pod zuma 1 -- continuous ( ghost -drift ) Raleigh watch as tortuga plow he weight through the surf , surging towards we . the jaeger 's aim flinch as Raleigh stop himself from bring the arm down to block . yancy ( filter ) keep it steady , ral ! raleigh he 's charge ! ext . santa monica pier -- continuous ( ghost - drift ) tortuga bulldoze towards the wading jaeger , but coyote tango hold she aim steady . tortuga open he trifurcate beak and launch he harpoon - tongue . the serpentine muscle punch through the jaeger 's chest armor like a bunker - buster . back to present raleigh how do you know I be one of that people ? mako because it 's the part that hurt when you can not . int . conn - pod zuma 1 -- continuous ( ghost -drift ) Raleigh feel the very instant he brother die , and for the first time , we see he reaction ... furious , devastate tear in he eye , he snap . his word come out like thunder . raleigh no ! yancy ! -- pang of grief twist he face , choke the word in he throat . his vein stand tight as wire on he temple . ext . santa monica pier -- continuous ( ghost - drift ) coyote tango grab the harpoon tongue and rip the muscle out of the kaiju 's jaw , by the rag root . the jaeger gather its other hand in a fist and land a skull - cracking blow that send tortuga toppling into the shallow . ( continued ) 93 . continued : coyote tango drive she armored fist , one after the other , in a endless siege of mighty freight - train punch . he do not stop . not even as the pummeled sea turn red with gore . not even as tortuga 's limb stop twitching . smoke begin to spill from the jaeger 's over - tax muscle ; blow after blow reduce its fist to bloody , crumpled knot of machinery -- but still it hammer the lifeless carcass . int . conn - pod zuma 1 -- continuous ( ghost -drift ) Raleigh glare through hot tear , he jaw tight with animal rage , utterly consume by raw anguish . raleigh that be my brother you son of a bitch ! that be my fuck brother ! through the fog of alarm and shuddering machinery , a radio voice call out to he . dispatch ( filter ) Zuma 1 , target subdued . stand down . but Raleigh show no sign he hear the command . dispatch ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) remote shutdown in 5 , 4 , 3 ... back to present the noise of the memory echoe as Raleigh pull himself up to sit on the edge of the bed , he face in he hand . mako you do all you could , Raleigh . you love he . he pull he hand from he face and sit in the dark , think . mako just watch . raleigh then it 's not a mistake -- this . us. we be not a mistake ... she sit up and fold she arm around he . ext . midway -- dusk a robust city -size complex of practical but modern building cover the once - desolate spit of land . super : cosdec Science division , primary interstice monitor Station - midway atoll 94 . int . monitoring station -- continuous a dimly light control center . a commander oversee row of telemetry specialist dutifully man they data terminal . a alarm go off . the mood instantly tense . telemetry specialist density spike ! something 's come through the interstice ! commander mass estimate ? telemetry specialist standy -by ... this number do not make sense ... commander Lieutenant ... how big be it ? the telemetry specialist just shake he head , confuse . int . jetliner cabin -- dusk a full flight . flick and newt chatter quietly . flick be you sure it will work ? newt sure enough to try . he turn and look out the window ; a dry , matter - of - fact determination in he voice . newt ( cont 'd ) I do not care if they be the creator of the universe . I like the universe . she lean she head on the seat and watch he with a pine look in she eye . he turn to add with a chuckle -- newt ( cont 'd ) and I be not a creationist . -- and turn back to the window . she smile but do not laugh , lose in think , she gear turn wistfully . newt ( cont 'd ) be that mount Fuji ? incredible ... out the window : mount Fuji 's snow - cap volcanic cone rise from a ripple sea of cloud , stain gold and pink by the sink sun -- a breathtaking vista . ( continued ) 95 . continued : but flick do not give it a glance . she just look at he look out the window , gradually realize something about this odd fellow . something important . he turn . newt ( cont 'd ) if that 's Fuji , should not we be -- she cup he cheek in she hand and kiss he , suddenly but softly . after a startle flinch , he give himself to it . the moment draw out . gossamer and earnest , almost timid -- until finally , flick gently pull away . newt narrow he eye at she , as if not sure he 's awake . say nothing , she just smile . newt open he mouth to speak , but be interrupt -- pilot ( filter ) we be hearing a kaiju warning have be issue for Tokyo Bay ... newt crane he neck to look out the window as if expect to see the monster . flick stare dead ahead , anxious . pilot ( filter ) ( cont ’d ) we be be divert to toyama ... we will be landing very shortly . newt notice flick 's white knuckle grip the armrest . he take she hand . they finger interlace , cling tightly . ext . minato mirai -- night the city light scintillate on the water as swarm of jumphawk hoist tacit ronin across Tokyo Bay . dispatch ( filter ) you target be designate kj komodo . category - 4 . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc toggle he pre-fight switch . duc ( sarcastic ) oh , be that all ? ( to kaori ) hey sweetie , do you hear ? -- int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous we see kaori in she own conn - pod , a bit uneasy . ( continued ) 96 . continued : duc ( filter ) a cat - 4 . if that do not sound fun , I do not know what do . she let out a nervous / excited laugh . int . loccent -- continuous Raleigh meet up with mako , who 's already watch from the back of the bustling control room . raleigh do they say cat - 4 ? she nod , she brow furrow . Raleigh whistle . raleigh ( cont 'd ) what be that , like the third cat - 4 anyone 's ever see ? mako fourth ... they kill the third . dispatch track station report both he 's enter Tokyo Bay and be head for the minato mirai waterfront . eta in less than ten minute . ext . minato mirai -- night siren sound as evac coordinator flag panicked civilian away from street clotted with spontaneously abandon car . behind the stark , modern skyscraper and the three - hundred foot ferris wheel purling with shifting emerald green , purple , and red -- the two jaeger approach . the jumphawk maneuver the mech to they position . tacit ronin 's escort lower the Mark - 2 near the ferris wheel . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous dispatch ( filter ) Meiji team , komodo inbound a half klick northeast . clear to engage . duc Roger loccent . we have visual . 97 . ext . minato mirai -- continuous ahead of tacit ronin , hill of water rise to spill across the street as the kaiju 's bow wave herald its approach . the huge beast haul itself from the water , onto shore . a long , lizard - like creature call komodo . row of tooth curl sloppily from he jaw . a baroque frill of coiled and braid horn embellish he head . he scrabble on six splay leg ; tail terminate in a spike thagomizer . he be -- markedly larger than the jaeger and ( as a category - 4 kaiju ) the large of any we have yet see . he shake the water off he scale and roar . tacit ronin stand in the shifting carnival light of the tower ferris wheel , ready for battle . komodo lumber onto the street ahead of tacit ronin , turn to face the jaeger . the kaiju rear up on he four hind leg , brandish he talone forelimb . the reptilian monster tower a full head taller than the jaeger . he throw he head back , retching , and with a neck -snap , spews a wad of noxious bile . it splatter short of the mech . the sludge boil and seethes on the car and pavement below , dissolve anything it touch . tacit ronin charge in to engage komodo hand - to-hand . her style be different from gipsy danger 's ; less primal and rugge ; more like Bruce Lee , nimble and precise . with lethal grace , she assail komodo 's scaly hide with a storm of kick and chop -- taekwondo on a epic scale . her knifehand strike cut the air like fighter jet , trace wingtip vortice off she fingertip . she finish the combo with a roundhouse kick , a jaw - drop maneuver for a machine of she unparalleled size . as she foot hit the ground , we hear the metallic groan of she settling weight as she frame protest the unorthodox move . int . loccent -- continuous a small alert buzy . officer actuator stress warning ... ( continued ) 98 . continued : Raleigh and mako watch , stunne . it be a reckless move . ext . minato mirai -- continuous in the instant it take tacit ronin to regain she balance , komodo charge , slashing and snap . his talon score shallow scar across the jaeger 's armor . tacit ronin stagger back , barely dodging he snapping jaw . the monster pivot to swing he spike tail . the jaeger dodge the spike on the first pass and catch they on the second , clutching the tail in a iron grip . komodo pull and thrashes angrily , but tacit ronin hold tight . finally he quiver , hacking and retching . the jaeger barely dodge the knot of acidic bile that sail past -- to spatter the side of a nearby skyscraper . the glass fester and drip away , expose more and more of the stack floor inside , until they can no longer hold the tower 's weight , and the whole edifice quiver and collapse . again , komodo rear up on he hind four leg , tower high over tacit ronin . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc cutlass laser . full power . Three second burn . kaori ( filter ) Three second will sap the reserve . duc gimme three second and we will not need the reserve . ext . minato mirai -- continuous a compartment on tacit ronin 's forearm open to deploy a deceptively modest - look array , and ignite a beam of energy that meet komodo 's expose chest . a vector-straight line of searing light bore clear through the kaiju 's body in a instant to slice across the sky , a oddly bright laser - light show . with a swing of she wrist , tacit ronin pull the laser up , cleave komodo 's torso up the middle . ( continued ) 99 . continued : the laser turn off . the air around the array still ripple with cosmic heat as the armor fold up to reclaim the weapon . komodo 's balance hold he dead body up for a brief moment , before he mighty bulk fall . the top third of the beast butterfly open , expose a macabre cross section of he body cavity , neat as a textbook diagram . the laser-slice edge still sizzle . int . loccent -- continuous applause fill the room as the kill be officially confirm . dispatch kaiju komodo be down . a alarm sound , trigger a confuse hush . officer the harbor sensor ... it must have hide in komodo 's wake . takada report ! what be it ? officer it 's another hostile , sir . inbound to tacit ronin 's position . Raleigh and mako whisper . raleigh two in a row ? be that even doable ? mako I have never even hear of back - to - back simulation without someone go into nuerogenic shock . takada pace , he impatience mount . takada talk to I ! give I a target brief ! officer displacement -- ten-thousand seven hundred metric ton ... silence . he turn . officer ( cont 'd ) it 's a category five ... ( continued ) 100 . continued : Raleigh and mako exchange glance and bolt out of the room . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous sweat drip from duc 's stunne face . he 's just hear the news . it take he a moment to grapple with it . puc copy that , loccent ... int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous kaori sit , aghast . kaori we reserve be empty . we actuator be over-stress ... she trail off , shaking she head . her thought speak . kaori ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it take they day to drop the last cat -5 ... what do we do ? duc ( v.0 . ) we fight . ext . minato mirai -- continuous dispatch ( filter ) Meiji team , weapon free . you be clear to engage kaiju fulcrum . a chaotic shape loom from the dark bay . tentacles hide he jaw . long tentacles trail from he talone arm . a scourge of tail whip the air behind he . he be kaiju fulcrum -- a alien chaos of tentacles and dinosaurian limb , he movement fluid and menace , as much like a predator stalking primeval jungle as like a kraken prowling sink ruin . he glister with bioluminescence . he climb ashore and rise to he full height -- almost a third bigger than the Mark - 2 . he lash out with one of he long tentacles . the mech dodge and as the tentacle rake past we , we see the row of cruel , hook claw run the length of it . it whip through the hundred meter ferris wheel like balsawood , cleave the neon spoke in a fit of spark . ( continued ) 101 . continued : the kaiju sling he arm , launching some sort of projectile from tubule on he wrist . the fleshy projectile smack tacit ronin 's armor -- berserker , delirious little tentacled creature , pry at any seam they can find , until they body bloat and burst . the few stray berserker miss the jaeger and fall into the choke traffic of a nearby highway . there , they enthusiastically dismember whatever they land on , ripping the engine out of stall car , tearing bystander limb from limb , bloat and bursting like grenade . the Mark - 2 dodge a tentacle and as it rake past we , we see the row of cruel , hook claw run the length of it . the tentacle cut the hundred meter ferris wheel like balsawood , cleave the neon spoke in a giddy fit of spark . with a sweep of he arm , fulcrum lash the jaeger with he longest tentacle ; the claw sucker tear a rag gash in tacit ronin 's armor . the mech stagger to catch she balance . fulcrum sling another wave of berserker . a few alight on the mech 's gash armor , ripping bundle of thick cable out before swell and bursting . mid-action , tacit ronin lock up ( the berserker have apparently severe some critical connection ) . frozen in this unstable posture , the jaeger tilt and start to fall into the side of a high -rise . the wall collapse around the paralyze jaeger , but the rest of the building hold . the machine slide to a uneasy rest , lean into the sagging floor of the building 's expose interior . paper from countless office and cubicle spill into the wind . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc radio for help as fulcrum skulk closer on the hud . duc loccent , we be motor cold -- kaori ( filter ) it 's no use , duc ... int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous she eye a blink , red indicator light , defeat . ( continued ) 102 . continued : kaori .-- Long range com be out . ext . minato mirai -- continuous fulcrum step closer and closer to the crippled mech . he finally descend on the fall jaeger , twist he powerful tentacles around she limb , he jaw ravenously search for purchase on the armor . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc watch sucker tentacles press against he imax vista , grow resign -- there 's nothing more they can do . he send he thought across the pon to kaori . duc ( v.0 . ) kaori ... Close you eye ... int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous the tentacles bloom open to reveal -- fulcrum 's maw , barb mandible and row of tooth , roll like the cut chain of a chainsaw . the hungry mouth fill the three - sixty hud . kaori close she eye . she hear duc 's voice in she mind . duc ( v.0 . ) I regret nothing . if fight monster be the price of know you soul , I would fight a thousand . she smile and reply out loud . kaori I know . he start to sing to she over the radio -- a japanese oldie with a familiar melody ( " sukiyaki '' to westerner ) . duc ( sing ; not subtitle ) ue of muite aruko -- she join in , as they share in some drift we can not see . kaori duc ( filter ) - namida ga kobore naiyouni -- - namida ga kobore naiyouni -- a third voice suddenly interrupt on the radio . ( continued ) 103 . continued : raleigh ( filter ) roma - 1 to Meiji - 1 , you guy better not be say you goodby . ext . minato mirai -- continuous fulcrum turn from he prey as the jumphawk carry gipsy danger into view . raleigh ( filter ) because you will live to kiss this scrap heap 's heel , so help I god . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc grin ear to ear , and laugh with a surge of adrenaline . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous Raleigh watch as fulcrum track the mech 's descent with cold eye as the jumphawk lower gipsy danger to the street . raleigh hey mako , you know there 's only ever be one other cat - 5 , right ? int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako wear a grim look . mako osaka ... raleigh ( filter ) can you handle this ? she nod slowly , and we know -- mako I be bear to handle this . ext . minato mirai -- night gipsy danger deploy she chain -sword . the retract cord pull the interlock link together -- clank clank clank -- to form the stiff , segment blade . fulcrum snarl and stalk towards the mark-1 jaeger . his tentacles hoist a piece of the break ferris wheel to fling it at gipsy danger . it shatter against the mech . as he advance , he pick up bus and garbage truck , hurl they at the jaeger one after another . ( continued ) 104 . continued : the vehicle crash against the heavy armor as gipsy danger swat they away . fulcrum move away from tacit ronin let the hover jumphawk drop line down to the disabled jaeger . repair tech slide down the cable . they scramble across the sprawl of armor to reach the damage . behind they , the tentacled kaiju approach gipsy danger spoil for a fight . fulcrum lunge for gipsy danger . the jaeger seize he by the tendril and divert the attack 's momentum , hurl the kaiju into a high-rise . the impact jolt the tower off its foundation to smash it against the building next door , demolosh both . fulcrum pull himself up from the rubble , shaking off the debris -- twisted rebar , splinter furniture , and dead body fall like dust from the colossal kaiju . fulcrum spot the cluster of activity on the fall jaeger 's torso and sling a batch of berserker towards tacit ronin where flashing torch light the hectic repair effort . the human-sized berserker scramble for the vulnerable man , barb tentacles lash out for they , but the tech continue work , train to tune out the danger . the jumphawk circle above shred the monster with heavy gunfire , just barely get the last berserker before it get within reach of the worker . behind they gipsy danger grab fulcrum 's monster - spew tubule , pinching it close . the siphon- like organ swell until the jaeger rip it from fulcrum 's arm . the kaiju shriek . his wound spill half - form berserker to street below -- sloppy heaps of sickly twitching tentacles dissolve before they can become anything remotely lethal . the tower cat - 5 kaiju lash out , thrashing he tentacles at the jaeger in a chaotic frenzy that threaten to consume the mech -- a dozen talone whip crack at once . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) but somehow she 's hold the hurricane of tentacles at bay , hacking away with she chain -sword . meanwhile , she shoulder - mount autocannon , like a cannonball - spew gatling gun , swivel to rip through whatever tentacles the sword miss . like a medieval hun she fight the thing back . until finally it snag she arm , then she other . the machine struggle as fulcrum coil what remain of he rag , powerful tentacles around the jaeger . we hear the groaning of bow metal as fulcrum squeeze . a throbbing pulse of deep sound ripple the air shudder the car in the street like a earthquake . fulcrum release gipsy danger , shaking he head as if try to shake the noise out of he ear . nearby , tacit ronin stand . the jumphawk scatter . the Mark - 2 's jaw hang open -- emit a crippling ultrasonic pulse . fulcrum turn to rush tacit ronin . duc ( filter ) we be back , but do not go think we get the power to do more than scream at he . gipsy danger whip she chain -sword loose and snare it around fulcrum 's neck , choke he back from the Mark - 2 . raleigh ( filter ) I have get a idea . get ready to vent you coolant . the chain retract . the razor-edged link chew through fulcrum 's neck as they rip back into the jaeger 's arm . fulcrum 's tentacled head fall off -- -- but the massive body charge blindly ahead to tangle tacit ronin in its crush grip . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous a burst of movement on the street below draw mako 's attention from tacit ronin 's struggle . fulcrum 's head wriggle with a angry spark of life . ( continued ) 106 . continued : mako Raleigh ! the head ! ext . minato mirai -- continuous tentacles thrashing , the head fitfully scramble for gipsy danger , smear a blood-slick across the street . the jaeger lift she foot and stomp the hateful thing into oblivion . a short distance away tacit ronin wrestle with fulcrum 's headless body . a billow white cloud hiss from a spur on the Mark - 2 's forearm , unfurl to engulf the monster . the icy plume dissipate -- leave the kaiju a brittle , frost - crust husk . tacit ronin snap free of the flash - freeze coil of muscle and step back . the freeze colossus tip and fall , shatter to lifeless piece in the street . dissolve to : int . loccent -- night pentecost retrieve he coat . the control room be empty , but the massive main screen glow with a collage of newsfeed . he spot takada watch the news ; a glass and a bottle of whiskey nearby . pentecost go over to check on he . takada all this question ... be the attack increase ? be we at war ? it 's like they be dare we to scare the shit out of they ... pentecost they be ask for cause to hope . takada I do not have it ... we all know it 's a siege . what can I say they do not already know ? we call the enemy the precursor ... I may as well tell the world the god want we dead . pentecost maybe we should level with they . takada it be two tonight . what happen when it 's three ? -- or four ? ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : takada ( cont 'd ) -- every forty - eight hour ? how long could we fight that fight ? he turn to pentecost who lower he eye ; he have no answer . takada ( cont 'd ) Combined special Defense Corps ... it 's always defense . we be always defend . it 's they game to win . do the world want to hear that ? he take a couple of stimulant with a swig of he drink . pentecost it 's be a long night , sir . I would not lose any sleep to cable news . we all need the rest . takada sleep be not rest , stacker . not with nightmare like mine ... ext . minato mirai -- day the previous night 's combat zone , strewn with mountain of bloody rubble . convoy of heavy cosdec truck collect the shattered piece of kaiju fulcrum . up the street , swarm of fly revel on the cross-section carcass of kaiju komodo , bisect and laid open like a colossal anatomical diagram . crews in hazmat suit hose the body with riot foam , billow to envelop the carcass in cloud of rock . mako' Pov -- through binoculars we watch squad of jumphawk hoist the foam -encase carcass . mako ( 0.s. ) Jesus . they need seven V - 50 's just to get that thing off the ground ... ext . the GREEN -- continuous mako and Raleigh sit on a knoll overlook Tokyo Bay . raleigh two category fives ... she pass he the binocular , and spot a guide lead a group of tourist down the footpath . she turn quickly away . mako Tour group . ( continued ) 108 . continued : raleigh they spot we ? mako not yet . she glance over she shoulder as the group wander by , shed a straggler mako recognize from Raleigh 's drift . mako ( cont 'd ) Raleigh ... he turn to see flick , hold a nervous distance of several pace . newt linger behind she . Raleigh 's eye ask the obvious -- " have you find it ? " flick nod . pentecost ( pre - lap ) be this how you think it happen ? int . loccent gallery -- later his arm cross , pentecost lean on the rail by the window overlook the control room , consider Raleigh 's news . pentecost some clod waltz 's up to the front desk and get five minute with the Supreme Commander ? raleigh he 's a physicist from the calixto particle observatory ... pentecost we have get expert on the payroll . raleigh Fine . if they have get a plan , there 's no reason to talk to he . but if they be at wit 's end , why not bring some fresh wit into it ? pentecost eye Raleigh , recognize a good point . raleigh ( cont 'd ) it 's not some clod . this be a scientist tell we he 's get it . how often do that happen ? int . briefing room -- night in the seat , the rank officer on -site : mako , Raleigh , duc , kaori , pentecost , and takada -- and cosdec civilian leader : Secretary lethbridge and Undersecretary jiao . newt stand at the front , manipulate a projection of the interstice 's internal structure . ( continued ) 109 . continued : newt the throat of the interstice . this be a three - dimensional analogue of a hyper-dimensional structure that exist outside conventional spacetime . I have do the math and -- takada Doctor gotlieb , you say you know how to close the interstice . let 's start there ... newt the interstice be gradually stabilize . that 's why it 's be able to accommodate more kaiju . and it 's how we can collapse it . lethebridge you just say it be stabilize . newt I do . that 's its weakness . ( mo one get it ) think of it like this : you can not break water , but you can break ice . he gesture to the projection -- the funnel - shape internal structure of interstice whip and flow erratically . newt ( cont 'd ) it 's always have a chokepoint , the shape be just too fluid to ever isolate it , but -- he tweak some dial and the motion slow down . it undulate sluggishly , settling on a comfortable shape . newt ( cont 'd ) -- as the structure '' solidify , '' the chokepoint slow down , come into sharper focus ... he point out the narrow bottleneck in the throat , suddenly become plain as day . takada lean forward . takada you be say -- newt the interstice be more vulnerable now than it 's ever be . he touch the chokepoint and the projection collapse . ( continued ) continued : 110 . ( 2 ) takada I be guess that 's something bigger than a standard ordinance . newt much bigger . probably nuclear . duc it be that easy ? we just chuck a a-bomb down the chute ? newt it 's not easy . see -- time in the anteverse be different from ours . a year to we might be just a hour to they . so there 's no objective time within the interstice . which rule out any remote detonation . we timeframe would not agree with the bomb 's timeframe . whatever it be , it have to be trigger on site -- by a live , subjective observer . Commander takada look skeptical . takada if I be go to have someone riding a bomb into the interstice , I would like to be certain it will work ... newt run my math by sci-division . I promise it will hold up . lethbridge it do not matter . there can not be a bomb . we be past peak uranium ... jiao he 's right . the mine have all but dry up . we have no single source that could provide enough material . Raleigh speak up from the back . raleigh yes we do . the Mark - 1's . that 's what we do with the last of the uranium . we use it to power the first jaeger . like gipsy danger ... 111 . int . corridor -- moment later at the end of the hall , Raleigh and mako face one another , hold hand . Raleigh speak ; mako nod ; we do not hear the conversation . we be with pentecost and takada , watch . pentecost you can not order they to do this ... they have both lose so much . they be break when I get they -- break and scattered into the wind . I do not even think it be possible , but by god , they be put themselves back together . you can not make they to do this ... takada you think I want to ? we have here a chance to end this . pentecost we may be indulge a artificial sense of urgency here . what if it be just a random spike in attack . takada it 's not . pentecost we do not know who this kincaid woman be . how do we know the anteverse she see be real ? takada it be . I be the project c/o at midway when czerny find a way to see through it . pentecost I hear you tell the secretariat czerny 's work be nonsense . takada it 's not . I see it , stacker . I see it myself . and I shut he down . because I know the thing he could show we would break we will ... they be come for we . pentecost it do not break you , sir . takada I be a fighter , stacker . I do not know how to be anything else . ( continued ) continued : 112 . down the hall , Raleigh and mako cling together as they exit . pentecost you can not order they to do this ... takada I will not order they ... but as the only active Mark - 1 crew , they know they be first on the list . and I will not stop they if they accept . int . shatterdome -- night quiet , empty . the two jaeger stand in the moonlight . on top of gipsy danger , we find Raleigh and mako lie side by side , look up at the crescent moon and universe of star beyond the dome 's open roof . mako I have never be someone to think about the future . not since osaka . it always seem like I die there . ( beat ) there 's so much we have not see . I want you to show I the Big sur . the fog and the cliff . raleigh ryuzu Falls in autumn ... mako oh , the leave ... they be so red . can not even tell you . raleigh I have see it in you memory . mako just week ago I would not have care to leave it all behind . raleigh it do not have to be we . mako it have to be someone who love the world enough to want to be in it . I can not make someone else -- she turn to face Raleigh , tear in she eye . mako ( cont 'd ) I think it do have to be we ... what do you think ? Raleigh dwell on it . ( continued ) 113 . continued : raleigh I think when you create a universe , you never imagine the people who live there be gonna rise up and slam the door on you ass . he turn and smile ; she smile back -- a accord . time lapse : the night pass over the two jaeger . the sky brighten . technician and equipment dart about the floor . the sun pour light into the now bustling launch bay . amidst the hustling tech prepare the jaeger , we meet newt on the floor stand in front of gipsy danger with schematics in he hand . tendo look over he shoulder . newt you bypass all the safeties ? it need to go prompt critical . tendo trust I . she 's a bomb . newt ( on the schematics ) what 's this ? tendo the crew want to cross they eject switch ... ; newt his eject hers ; vice versa ? tendo nod . a human detail , it bring it home for newt . newt ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... int . changeroom -- day mako pull on she drivesuit and turn for Raleigh to zip she up . he plant a kiss on the nape of she neck , before slowly pull the zipper up . no kaiju ; no rush . raleigh do you think we would have happen if we would meet any other way ? mako I do not , actually . Raleigh pull the torso of he drivesuit up to thread he arm through the sleeve . mako zip he up . mako ( cont 'd ) not every miracle happen -- ( continued ) 114 . continued : raleigh -- a lot of them have to be build . he turn . they face each other . for a long moment , neither say anything -- just quiet , bittersweet smile . raleigh ( cont 'd ) you ready to save the world ? int . shatterdome -- day everyone on the floor watch as Raleigh and mako cross towards gypsy danger , helmet tuck under they arm . they spot they sister crew , duc and kaori , watch from the mezzanine level . they salute one another . flick Raleigh ! he turn and see she run across the floor . he nod at mako and she give they some space . but now that flick have he attention , she do not know what to say . raleigh when you ask I if you have not get with yance -- flick you do not have to -- raleigh I do all I could . it just be not enough . I hate that it be not enough . what I say at the bar -- she nod . she 's have it all sort out . flick be this -- be we say goodbye ? raleigh the plan be to eject at the last second . flick so you be come back ? he can not look she in the eye . finally , a uncertain frown . flick ( cont 'd ) it do not have to be you ... raleigh it have to be someone ... ( continued ) 115 . continued : she hug he , hold tight -- the goodbye she never get to give he brother . flick you give they hell , Raleigh . you show they what we be make of . they let go and Raleigh walk the home stretch to join mako and pentecost at the pod . pentecost keep he emotion bottled in with last minute formality . pentecost you will have a live map on you hud . it will take a moment for the core to go critical so you will be prompt to trigger it just before the chokepoint . that will give you about a second to eject ... raleigh tendo cross the pod ? pentecost just like you ask . he grip they shoulder in either hand , and look between the two of they . there 's really nothing to say . they both nod . he pat they and step back as they climb into they conn-pod . by now , everyone have stop what they be do . across the floor , all eye fall on mako and Raleigh . as the load arm raise the conn -pod , mako and Raleigh look down from they open canopy . everyone on the floor stand at silent attention . pentecost shout , and they all salute at once . Raleigh and mako savor the poignant moment for as long as they can bear . then they buckle they helmet and shut the canopy -- it 's game time . takada ( pre - lap ) yes , gipsy danger have be deploy . we be not under attack . we be the attacker . to clarify -- int . PRESS room -- night takada stand at the front . a glut of reporter and photographer crowd the room , raise they hand and shouting at once . the Commander silence they . ( continued ) 116 . continued : takada a jaeger will be drop into the interstice . whereupon the crew will detonate its power core and collapse the anomaly . flashes pop as a flurry of cry rise up . takada point . reporter 1 be this a suicide mission ? takada it 's risky . let 's leave it at that . reporter 2 you tone suggest cosdec be ready to admit we be at war ... int . loccent -- continuous the conference play on the main screen . pentecost fold he arm and nod . flick and newt watch from the back . takada ( filter ) we be at war . it end tonight . int . research office -- continuous newt 's colleague , Doctor toynbee watch on a tiny screen at calixto particle observatory . reporter 3 ( filter ) cosdec believe the success of this operation will end the attack ? takada ( filter ) we all believe it . ext . shibuya crossing -- continuous the conference play on a big LED screen over the bustling Tokyo intersection . pedestrian stop on the sidewalk . takada ( filter ) I believe today , not osaka all that year ago -- today will be the day you tell storey about . int . jaeger -meister's bar -- continuous all the enlisted patron in the run-down bar watch . pico the bartender pause in the middle of wash a glass . takada ( filter ) because you will see two bone - weary understudy in a rag old mech -- save the world . 117 . int . shatterdome -- continuous all the tech on the floor watch on the giant screen . takada ( filter ) spread the word . today , we be kick the monster out . today ... ext . pacific ocean -- day the redden sun sink towards the sea . the V - 50 jumphawk carry gipsy danger over the wide water . takada ( filter ) we be cancel the apocalypse . int . loccent -- continuous on the main screen , we see footage from the V - 50 's train on the jaeger at the end of they cable , and a map display they position in relation to the interstice . flick stand to the side , bite she nail . newt join she . newt they cross they eject triggers . flick what do that mean ? newt either would save the other sooner than leave they behind . they have get like a second to hit the eject . this way , they will not hesitate . the sergeant-at-arms announce the Commander 's entrance . the whole room rise in applause . takada motion they to quiet . takada eta ? officer 1 two hour six minute to drop zone . a second Officer put down a radio to get takada 's attention . officer 2 Commander ... it 's midway . takada a attack ? officer 2 multiple hostile ... ( continued ) 118 . continued : takada overlay . a red blip pop up on the map ; follow by another ; and another ... a cloud of red dot form around the interstice -- literally dozen of kaiju spread out from the epicenter . newt we be scare they . takada alert all Strike group ! mobilize all jaeger ! montage -- mobilizing the jaeger -- the dense tower and steep , foggy hill of Hong Kong . V - 5as carry the city 's two jaeger in . -- the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbor Bridge rise in the background . Dust stir in the immediate foreground as a squad of jumphawk lower Sydney 's jaeger into view . -- night on the Golden Gate Bridge . Cars stop . onlooker run to the rail , point . they cheer and applaud as the V - 5as fly San Francisco 's jaeger over the Bridge . -- one of LA 's jaeger stand on Venice Beach , she light blaze over the night - cloak sea . in the distance , she sister jaeger stand near the Santa monica pier . both wait . ext . pacific ocean -- day the jumphawk hoist gipsy danger through the crisp blue sky , nothing but the wide sea beneath they . dispatch ( filter ) thirty minute to drop . suddenly , a huge wormlike kaiju breach , rear high to SNAP he crocodilian jaw at gipsy danger . the jumphawk evade as gravity pull the monster back down . he slam back into the water throw up plume of water . gipsy danger sway on she cable as the jumphawk clumsily regain control of she weight . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous the ocean sway on Raleigh 's hud . he watch the huge shape surge away , just under the water . raleigh whoa ! mako , do you see that ? ( continued ) 119 . continued : dispatch ( filter ) you be pass a wave of heighten kj activity . should be a clear shot to the site from here . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako try to keep she cool . mako they can handle it ... ext . odaiba -- night tacit ronin stand amidst the modern skyline of the newly develop district . the invert pyramid of Big sight . the Fuji tv building . newer , even more idiosyncratic structure . we can see the now - familiar building of the shatterdome complex in the middle distance , just across the water . a angry thunderhead blacken the sky over the bay , lurking closer every second . the jaeger stand as pristine and still as a building . the wind toss litter past she foot . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous dispatch ( filter ) meiji-1 ... we have get three category - 5 kj enter Tokyo Bay . a long pause . duc be not sure he hear right . int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous kaori look equally stunne . duc ( filter ) meiji- 1 to loccent , say again . dispatch ( filter ) Three category - 5 hostile inbound ... report name -- scunner , pharaoh , and tengu ... silence . everyone be speechless . int . loccent -- continuous on the map , gipsy danger 's blip have reach the interstice . officer 1 gipsy danger be at the drop site . 120 . ext . pacific ocean -- day the jumphawk release they cable , drop the jaeger . gipsy danger fall . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous the free-fall lift mako against she harness . ext . undersea -- continuous gipsy danger crash through the surface . she drift down . the blue , sunlit water around she darken as she sink . ext . odaiba -- continuous tacit ronin wait . lightn . thunder . the rain begin to fall in wind - blow torrent . they rise from the storm - darken tide one by one , less than a mile between , climb ashore to surround the jaeger . kaiju tengu -- a horrific skein of dozen of viper head on long sinuous neck erupting from a body like a naked bat . pharaoh -- something between a scarab and a bull , with vicious mandible and long horn like a rhino beetle . scunner -- beige -hued skin lend it a disturbingly human look ; but grotesquely misshapen , joint bulg and twisted . a skull - like face , jaw over - crowded with jag tooth . the raging wind throw the sea off they tower body in fine , misty cloud . int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous kaori 's daunt eye flit from one to the next . duc ( filter ) alright ... we be all there be between three cat - 5's and a city of twenty million people . kaori let 's put up a fight . int . loccent -- continuous takada eye the kaiju on the screen , morbidly astonished . takada gipsy danger ? officer 1 six hundred meter ... 121 . ext . the interstice -- continuous a gap , not in the ocean floor , but in space , just above the ocean floor . a yawn wound in reality , bleed crimson and electric violet light into the blackness of the deep . in the shaft of otherworldly light and meander arc of coronal plasma , we see gipsy danger drift ever down towards the open , small as a moat of dust . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous the blaze rupture swell across the wraparound hud , fill the dim conn - pod with unearthly light . we hear it howling outside . Raleigh 's face betray a mount dread . ext . odaiba -- day kaiju pharaoh slam into tacit ronin , but the jaeger manage to hold she ground . monsoonal sheet of rain slash the combatant . lightn crack the sky . pharaoh bear down with slaver mandible , tacit ronin strain to hold he at bay . building collapse as they struggle careen through odaiba , as tengu and scunner slowly converge on the sloppy fray . finally , tacit ronin get the advantage long enough to throw pharaoh back . the jaeger deploy she continuous - wave laser . she light the beam and sweep it to slice pharaoh right across the middle . a moment of stillness . pharaoh 's torso slide off he leg along the neat , diagonal cut . the halve kaiju thunder to the ground , dead . behind the body , the top of the high -rise slip loose , revealing the same hairline vector that cleave the kaiju -- the laser have cut through the beast to the skyline behind it . int . loccent -- continuous the kaiju 's fall and collapse building be close enough to shudder the floor . the room chatter with urgency . breathless , flick stare at the main screen where a blip fall through the digital map of the interstice 's throat . ext . the throat -- continuous the jaeger fall through the twist vortex like a sky diver . curling eddyy of plasma stream by . the unworldly howl of the interstice surround they . 122. int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous on she hud map , mako spot a bogey rise to intercept . mako Raleigh ! incoming ! ext . the throat -- continuous a solid shape " fall " in the opposite direction collide with gipsy danger , a feral kaiju . int . conn - pod roma-1 -- continuous Raleigh bare he tooth , jump into he fight response . ext . the throat -- continuous the mech and monster cling to one another , spin chaotically as they both fall . the kaiju claw at the jaeger . gipsy danger slug the beast repeatedly . the mech grab the beast 's head and twist , snapping its neck . it fall away -- and two additional kaiju hurtle up from the depth to pile into the free-falling jaeger . ext . odaiba -- day tacit ronin throw a punch at kaiju scunner . scunner catch the strike in he mighty claw and squeeze . the jaeger strain against he , but scunner be too strong . he crumple the mech 's fist and rip it off the jaeger 's arm , leave a stump of fray cable and twisted metal . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc scream in pain from the sensory feedback . ext . odaiba -- continuous the jaeger quickly spray gob of riot foam at the kaiju 's hand . the foam bulge and quickly harden , cement the kaiju 's arm to the ground in a petrify cumulous cloud . scunner roar , yanking to free himself . before tacit ronin can engage the trap monster , kaiju tengu be upon she . tengu 's multitude of head whip and strike at staggered interval -- SNAP SNAP SNAP -- each hit sink fang into the jaeger 's armor . a overwhelming blitz . 123. int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous tengu 's fange head dominate the imax - scale vista . duc watch the storm of hissing jaw come right at we on the hud in endless succession . duc flash freeze ! kaori ( filter ) and empty we coolant ? duc we can not defend against this ! ext . odaiba -- continuous as scunner pull at the knot of rock cement he arm to the ground , tacit ronin turn she coolant hose on tengu . tengu vanish in a cloud of icy vapor as tacit ronin empty she coolant reservoir . the vapor clear , leave tengu 's frost husk . tacit ronin start to turn back to scunner . the remain kaiju pull and the harden foam start to crack . finally , it break off from the ground . with most of the tumor of rock still encase he arm , he swing it like a club and smashes it against tacit ronin 's torso , a devastating blow that shatter the harden foam . tacit ronin teeter and fall on she back . scunner climb atop the fall jaeger and lift he fist high into the air . like a craze chimp , he slam he long arm down . int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous the hit buck the pod , knock the wind out of kaori and kick off a cacophony of alarm . look up at the kaiju as he raise he arm for another blow , kaori fight to catch she breath . kaori structural integrity compromise ! ext . odaiba -- continuous scunner plunge he arm straight down with a primal burst of strength , slamming he fist down into tacit ronin 's abdomen . 124 . int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- same a split second -- the pod jolt hard , like a high speed car crash , fling kaori against she harness ; the hud crash to static and plunge to black . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc feel kaori 's sudden absence from he mind . duc kaori ? kaori , come in ! nothing . no ambient drift voice . just silence . int . loccent -- continuous the room thunder with each of scunner 's strike . the light flicker . static skitter across the main screen . plaster bit fall from the ceiling . Chaos grip the room . pentecost do we lose kaori -- ? flick remain tune out to the chaos , focus on gipsy danger 's fall blip . ext . the throat -- continuous gipsy danger fall deeper into the anomaly , wrestle she kaiju attacker all the way down . Space seem to distort -- as if view through a hyper - exaggerated fish - eye lens . the focal distance shift . even the grain seem different . we be fall through the transition between the conflict physics of two universe . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako wince as she struggle against the kaijus . mako there 's too many ! raleigh ( filter ) mako ... mako they be go to tear we apart ! int . dojo training hall -- night ( drift ) mako stand in the dark hall with she sparring stick . Wild - eye and drip with sweat , she fight a endless host of face - less , black - clad enemies close in on she . ( continued ) 125 . continued : mako we can not fight they ! a hand catch she stick . she whirl about to find Raleigh . the enemy be go . it 's just the two of they . raleigh we do not have to . we be close now . music start to spill from the turntable . raleigh ( cont 'd ) all we have to do be fall . a calmness settles over she as they start to dance . ext . odaiba -- day ( present ) scunner raise he fist high over the tacit ronin -- and slam they down again . int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous try in vain to raise kaori , duc start to shut down . duc kaori ... please . come in . int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous the darken conn - pod jolt with each blow , but inside we find kaori bloody but still alive . she desperately fumble to get she pon cable plugge back into the port behind she ear . it must have come out . the moment she do , the hud come back to life . kaori I be here ! I be okay ! int . conn - pod meiji - 1 -- continuous duc laugh with relief to hear she voice and thought . tear spill from he eye . a calm strength fall over he . duc let 's finish this ... ext . odaiba -- continuous scunner raise he fist for another strike , but never make the down-stroke . with she one good hand , tacit ronin grab scunner 's throat . she sink the jag metal stub into the kaiju 's gut . ( continued ) 126 . continued : and slowly she rise , gradually lift the kaiju up -- raise the creature 's body over she head . the wind and rain lash she . a flash of lightning . a crack of thunder . for a moment she hold the hulk of flesh . we hear she frame groaning under the beast 's weight , but before it can give way , she throw the monster . he smashes through tengu 's freeze body and hit a building . tacit ronin 's pulse cannon rise from she back to its shoulder - mount fire position . scunner pull himself up from the rubble . int . conn - pod meiji - 2 -- continuous duc ( filter ) do you have the shot ? the target pipper lock onto scunner 's head . kaori I do ... duc ( filter ) take it . ext . odaiba -- continuous scunner open he jaw to roar -- the cannon fire a pulse of charge plasma clean through he skull , cut he off . int . loccent -- continuous on the main screen , the tacit ronin feed show scunner fall in a flourish of dust . the room shake . the light flicker . all eye turn silently to the blip fall through the interstice , anxious to see if the last monster have fall . ext . the throat -- continuous the jaeger fall , beset by monster , chew through she limb , pry off she armor . she shed batter part and shred of armor as she fall . ripped cable whip and spark . she 's be tear apart . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous hellish noise fill the cockpit . the baleful wailing of the interstice itself . the roar of the monster outside . the twisting of metal . the various alarm . ( continued ) 127 . continued : mako 's eye stare , calm and unblink , at the interstice map on she hud . she see it , but she mind be elsewhere ... int . dojo training hall -- night ( drift ) empty , quiet , and peaceful . Raleigh and mako dance on the hardwood floor . they hold one another , they eye lock . raleigh I love you ... you can feel it , can not you ? int . osaka penthouse -- night ( drift ) the shattered window come back together as the shock wave lift Young mako off the floor , and the roar retreat , go back into trespasser 's jaw . int . dojo training hall -- night ( drift ) still dance , she give he a warm smile and he know she feel it too . the hall seem to spin around they . ext . santa monica pier -- dusk ( drift ) kaiju tortuga pull back from coyote tango . his charge rewind back through the surf in slow motion . ext . dojo training hall -- night ( drift ) they dance with smile of peace , gratitude , and resolve . mako whatever happen . this be we choice ... raleigh the right choice ... mako for the world ... it 's time . they pull one another close and kiss . int . conn - pod roma -1 -- continuous ( present ) the prompt ring . a holographic dial hang in the air in front of the hud . half of he consciousness still in that final kiss , Raleigh reach out to twist the dial and activate the self - destruct . int . conn - pod roma -2 -- continuous mako do the same -- twist the holographic dial and quickly reach out to touch the flash eject hologram . 128. ext . the throat -- continuous we see armor explode away for the emergency eject . we see the pod jettison -- -- but a blind flash of light overwhelm we before we can see if they have make it . a explosion so deep and thunderous , we almost can not hear it . ext . pacific ocean -- day battleship wait on the surface . a flash briefly light the depth , like underwater lighting . a moment later , the ocean surface bulge , a huge hill of displace water , and drop , send out over - size ripple . the ship roll on the sloping wave . int . loccent -- day takada , pentecost , and all the control officer watch the interstice map on the main screen . still rattle by the seismic shaking of the attack , hiccup of static briefly stutter the graphic on the screen . the fleeting pop and hiss be the only sound in the room . officer 1 direct hit ! the interstice have collapse ! the interstice have collapse ! everyone be on they foot -- applaud , laugh , weep , embrace -- before he finish the sentence . everyone except for flick . newt hold she as she wait with bait breath . takada do we have the pod ? everyone quiet down as the Officer listen . officer 1 nothing yet ... stand by ... ext . battleship -- continuous crewmen gather at the edge of the deck , search . rescue helicopter draw wide circle in the sky overhead . int . loccent -- continuous a short time have pass -- enough for the hope to begin to deflate . personnel begin to take they seat . some hang they head . pentecost furrow he brow and sigh . ( continued ) 129 . continued : flick keep she lip tight , but we see she chest and throat quiver with bottled - up sob . her tear fall as newt put a reassure hand on she shoulder . suddenly , the Officer stand up . officer 1 Sir , I have get something ... it 's one of the pod ! ext . pacific ocean -- continuous near the ship , a conn - pod breach in a fit of salt spray . it roll and finally settles . the canopy open . thick steam bleed from the open pod . we can not see who it be . as the vapor quickly dissipate , we find Raleigh inside . he quickly unhook himself and climb out onto the pod . he shade he eye and scan the horizon . he spot the rescue ship and keep search . he see no sign of the second conn- pod . we slowly pull back across the water , back from the drift pod and the ship behind it . it seem final . suddenly , in the foreground , the second conn - pod heave up through the surface and settles to bob on the water . Raleigh plunge into the water and swim for the second pod . he climb on as the canopy open , spilling plume of steam into the clear ocean air . he try to claw the steam away . finally , he see mako tuck down in she cockpit , unbuckle she harness and yanking the cable from she drivesuit . she look up and see he . they laugh giddily , wiping tear from they eye . she reach up and let he pull she out . they linger atop the float pod , hold tight to one another , not dare to let go . we pull back , let the blue ocean unfurl under we . the ship slowly approach the embrace pair . they never let go .