paddington 2 written by Simon farnaby and Paul King base on the paddington bear book by Michael bond Post production script 4th September 2017 ext . darkest peru - a few bear year ago somewhere in the depth of the amazon rainforest , a home - make rope bridge stretch across a vast jungle valley . rainwater cascade down the hillside in waterfall and a huge river flow far beneath , but sit on the bridge , perfectly serene , be two elderly bear , lucy and pastuzo . Lucy be pour herself a cup of tea while pastuzo make himself a marmalade sandwich . he put it under he batter red bush hat for safekeep , and set about make a quadruple decker sandwich to eat now . pastuzo we last rainy season . lucy just think pastuzo , this time next month we will be in London ... pastuzo ..- where the river run with marmalade and the street be paved with bread . Lucy give he a quizzical look . lucy do you read the book about London ? pastuzo I skimm it . lucy ( gently scolding ) pastuzo ! pastuzo well , read make I sleepy . but any city that can come up with this be alright by I . pastuzo slap the last slice of bread onto he sandwich and squish it down , squirting marmalade over Lucy 's glass . she take they off to wipe they - but as she do so , she spot something move in the river beneath they . lucy oh pastuzo , look ! pastuzo pick up a pair of binocular and peer through they to see a tiny bear cub cling desperately to a branch , float inexorably downstream towards a waterfall . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 2 . pastuzo it 's ... it 's a cub ! pastuzo lower he binocular to see Lucy climb down one of the trailing vine that hang from the rope bridge . pastuzo ( cont ’d ) Lucy ! lucy lower I down . pastuzo unty the vine and start lowering Lucy towards the torrent that rage beneath they . meanwhile , the cub be struggle to stay on he branch . he lose he foot and slip into the water , but just manage to retain he grip . Lucy be still a few metre above the water . lucy ( cont 'd ) lower , pastuzo ! lower ! the cub look up to see Lucy on the rope , stretch out a paw towards he . it 's he last chance of salvation . he reach up to grab hold but slip from the branch . without pause to think , Lucy dive from the vine and into the swirl water . pastuzo be yanked from he position on the bridge , he hat fall from he head . the branch , without its passenger , plunge over the waterfall and disappear into the swirl mist below . back on the rope bridge , there be no sign of life . but then the camera move and we discover pastuzo have manage to cling to the underside of the bridge with one paw . he cautiously open a eye and , to he great relief , see Lucy swinging from the vine beneath he . pastuzo Lucy ? Lucy ! lucy I be afraid we be not go to London after all , pastuzo . pastuzo why not ? Lucy be stare with love in she eye at the drench little bear cub she have manage to save from the water . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 3 . pastuzo 's hat have fall onto he head . lucy we have get a cub to raise . pastuzo what 's he like ? lucy Rather small ... the cub sneeze , send pastuzo 's hat over he face . lucy ( cont 'd ) and rather sneezy ! Lucy tenderly lift the hat to discover the cub be now eat pastuzo 's sandwich . he burp , surprising himself . lucy ( cont 'd ) but he like he marmalade . pastuzo well that 's a good sign . lucy oh yes , pastuzo . if we look after this bear , I have a feel he will go far . as pastuzo haul they to safety , the camera crane up to the vast amazon sky . we mix through to a different sky and the title start as we crane down to find the tower , spire and rooftop of the london skyline , a few bear year later ... ext . windsor garden - day in a beautiful street of pastel coloured home , the same bear cub , a little older and scruffier , but still wear the same batter red hat , sit in a round attic window . this be paddington , gaze out at the city he love . paddington ( v.o. ) dear aunt Lucy ... int . paddington be attic room - morning paddington set about he day . paddington ( v.o. ) I hope all be well in the Home for retired bear . life in London have be better than ever this summer . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 4 . int . the browns 's bathroom - morning paddington fire up two electric toothbrushes . paddington ( v.o. ) I be really get to grip with how thing work . he put the two toothbrush in he ear . next he stick they up he nose . and only then do he use they on he teeth . paddington ( v.o. ) and it seem there 's something new to do every day . int . the browns 's kitchen - morning paddington sit at the table , surround by the happy chaos of a family breakfast . judy , a defiantly intellectual fourteen year old , show paddington a leaflet for '' koslova 's steam fair '' while he devour a pile of sandwich . judy guess what , paddington ? the steam Fair 's come to town ! I be go along tonight to write about it for my newspaper . jonathan , she twelve year old brother , be immediately concerned at the impact this might have on he reputation . jonathan who 's go to want to read about that ? judy everyone ! they travel the world in a old steam train . I think you have love it . jonathan I do , but do not tell anyone ok ? not cool . Judy roll she eye at she conformist brother . they adventurous mother , mary , be full of the fun of the fair . mary why do not we all go ? you father 's a dab hand at the coconut shy . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 5 . her husband , henry , mime throw a ball and feel a twinge in he shoulder . henry ooh , not anymore . coconut be a young man 's game . paddington well I think you be in great shape for a man of you age , Mr Brown . henry thank you , paddington . hang on , how old do you think I be ? paddington oh ... about eighty ? henry eighty ?! paddington at least ! paddington put the last sandwich in he hat and get up to leave - but mrs bird , the Browns 's age Scottish relative and redoubtable housekeeper , stop he in he track . mrs bird just a minute , wee bear . I think I tell you to clean you ear . paddington but I do , Mrs Bird ... Mrs Bird magic a coin from behind he ear . paddington ( cont ’d ) I wonder how that get in there ! ext . windsor garden - morning paddington run out of the house as a bicycle come round the corner towards he . paddington ( v.o. ) I really feel at home in Windsor garden . the french cyclist ring she bell . paddington bonjour , Mademoiselle ! cyclist good morning , paddington ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 6 . paddington leap on the back of the bike and hand the cyclist a sandwich as they free- wheel down the street . paddington I bring you breakfast . cyclist thank you . you sandwich always put I in a good mood . they pass a absent-minded doctor emerge from he house . paddington Morning , Dr jafri . you have not forget you key , have you ? Dr jafri stop , pat he pocket and panic . dr jafri key ? key ! Dr jafri rush back to he close front door , catch it just before he be lock out . dr jafri ( cont 'd ) thank you , paddington ! paddington you be welcome ! paddington and the cyclist ride on past the colonel , a gloomy , dishevel man with a military moustache and a week 's stubble wear a dress gown . paddington ( cont ’d ) glorious day , Colonel ! colonel be it ? how absolutely thrill . they pass a newspaper kiosk . the owner be a cheery eccentric with a twinkle in she eye and a parrot on she shoulder . paddington how be you date , miss Kitts ? miss kitt well he be not the one , but you know what they say ? parrot plenty more fish in the sea . miss kitt exactly ! Mrs Kitts throws a paper towards the bike . paddington catch it and put it in the cyclist 's basket . 8a Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 7. they sail round a corner and pull alongside a dustbin lorry . paddington hop onto the back of the lorry as the cyclist head off in another direction . paddington ( to the Bin man ) Morning , Mr barne ! bin man Morning . paddington au revoir , Mademoiselle . cyclist bye , paddington . the Bin man hand he a much - thumbed a-z map of london . bin man come on then , test I . paddington what 's the quick way from Buckingham Palace to Big Ben ? bin man ooh , a easy one ! straight down the mall , turn right ... paddington ( v.o. ) everyone 's so kind and welcoming , even though they be very busy . the dustbin lorry pass under a railway bridge as a colourful train cross carry kozlova 's steam fair . ext . serpentine swimming club - morning Mary dive into the lake . paddington ( v.o. ) Mrs Brown have decide to swim to France . it seem a awful lot of hard work give you can go by boat or plane or even train . cutaway : various mode of TRAVEL . paddington ( v.o. ) but she 's spend the summer coope up illustrate a series of adventure storey and have decide she want one of she own . 10 11 12 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 8. int . henry and mary 's bedroom - night Mary , sit at she desk , doodle a picture of herself sit at the same desk . the draw come to life and illustrate mary climb out of the window . we discover the window be actually in a airship float over a ocean . illustrate mary dive out of the window and into the water below , where she discover a sink city . int . judy 's bedroom - day Judy be on the telephone . paddington ( v.o. ) Judy be suffer from a break heart . judy I be dumped ? I think you 'il find you be dumped tony . she slam down the phone . cutaway : black and white stock footage of nun paddington ( v.o. ) her first reaction be to become a nun - but she soon get over that and have throw herself into a new hobby . int . school printing room - various day Judy come into the room and discover a printing PRESS . paddington ( v.o. ) she find a old printing press at school and be start a newspaper . with no boy . paddington watch Judy proudly printing the first issue of '' the portobello Express '' . judy now all we need be some news ! int . jonathan be room - day paddington help Jonathan put the finish touch to a scale model of a steam engine . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 9 . paddington ( v.o. ) Jonathan be join she at big school this year . he spend the summer building a steam engine but I be not suppose to talk about it as it be ' not cool 's . 13 cutaway : changing look book . a flip - flap book show Jonathan go from he true self to new persona wear ridiculous cyber-shade . paddington ( v.o. ) he 's get a whole new look and if anyone ask , he 's call j- Dog - and be definitely not into steam train . 14 int . jonathan be room - day Jonathan sadly shut the steam engine away in he cupboard . paddington ( v.o. ) but Mr Brown have be busy of all . 15 int . loyy of london - day Mr Brown stand among a crowd of he colleague , nervously anticipate the announcement of he promotion . paddington ( v.o. ) he recently have a surprise at work . c.e.o . I be delighted to announce we new head of Risk Analysis will be ... Steve visby . a much younger man step forward . Henry 's face drop . paddington ( v.o. ) this have trigger what Mrs Bird call a full blown midlife crisis . 16 cutaway : food blender , hair dye . paddington ( v.o. ) it involve blend he food , painting he hair and engage in a process call '' chakrabatics . '' 17 18 19 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 10 . int . FITNESS studio - day the camera track across a group of lycra-clad young people do the split . chakrabatics instructor open you mind and you leg will follow . Henry , similarly dress , try to do the split and fall . ext . portobello road market - day paddington jump off the dustbin lorry , return the a-z. paddington that 's ten out of ten , Mr barne ! mr barne thank you , paddington . paddington keep up the good work ! the Bin lorry drive on as paddington walk down the market , greeting the market trader . paddington ( v.o. ) oh aunt Lucy , you send I to London to find a home and it 's work out better than I ever imagine . I have a wonderful family and have make friend in all sort of place . paddington stop to give some breakfast to wolfie , a stray dog who life in a alley off the portobello Road . paddington here you go , wolfie . see you tomorrow ! paddington ( v.o. ) I do hope if you could see I , you would be pleased . lot of love from paddington . paddington walk up the street into gruber 's antique . paddington Mr gruber ? int . gruber' antique - day paddington walk through to the back of the shop where there be box and crate full of fairground memorabilia . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 11 . Mr gruber be come downstairs from the upper workshop . mr gruber ah Mr Brown , come in ! I just hada visit from Madame kozlova who run the fair . paddington oh yes ? mr gruber they be have a clear out and find all this old crate stuff with memory - bilia they think have be lose forever . paddington growl , interested . mr gruber ( cont 'd ) she 's ask I to sell it for they while they be in town and I think there must be something in here for you aunt Lucy 's birthday . paddington good idea . paddington start look through the memorabilia , touch a van der graaf generator which make he fur stand on end . mr gruber ooh ! look at this ! he pull out a mechanical monkey on a trapeze . paddington it 's very nice , Mr gruber , but ... mr gruber I know , I know , it 's get to be perfect . paddington since uncle pastuzo die , I be the only relative she 's get leave - and it be not every day a bear turn a hundred . paddington rummages in a trunk , find a wig and glass . mr gruber quite so . ah , how about this roll shoe ? he hold up some roller skate . paddington - now wear the wig and glass - be unconvince . 20 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 12 . paddington please Mr gruber , be serious . mr gruber perhaps you aunty 's roll day be behind she . paddington dig into one of the trunk . paddington I think you might be right . ooh . what 's this ? he pull out a old book and Mr gruber consult a list . mr gruber ah , now this must be the pop book ! very interesting . paddington really ? mr gruber you see , Madame kozlova 's great - grandmother , who start the fair , be a brilliant artist . every time they visit a new city , she make a pop book to remember it by , and this be London . paddington open the book to reveal a pop - up tower bridge . paddington oh Mr gruber it 's wonderful ! aunt Lucy 's always dream of come to London and never have the chance - but if she see this , it would be like she be finally here ... as paddington gaze into the book , the camera push in , and we find ourselves in a incredible pop - up world ... int . pop - up london - day ( fantasy ) the paper landscape come to life . a paper ship pass through the bridge and , as the camera swoops in towards it , we discover a three - dimensional aunt lucy on board . she wave down to the riverbank where a three -dimensional paddington be make he way through a crowd of two - dimensional pop - up people towards the gangplank . paddington aunt Lucy ! aunt Lucy ! aunt lucy paddington ! 21 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 13. the two bear fly into each other 's arm . she hold he tight and then look around in wonder . paddington come with I , aunt Lucy . paddington take she paw and lead she on a magical journey through the book . they head into a pop - up underground station and emerge - via a page turn - in a pop - up Piccadilly Circus . paddington ( cont ’d ) well ? what do you think aunt lucy it 's wonderful ! they cross the road towards a pop - up bus and get on board . paddington one and a half bear , please . conductor mind you step , madam . aunt lucy what a polite young man . another page turn take they to St. Paul 's Cathedral where they feed the bird . a pigeon coo pleasantly . aunt lucy ( cont ’d ) what a polite young pigeon ! and then , finally , across the river look at Big Ben . aunt lucy ( cont ’d ) oh paddington ! you have make a old bear so very happy . the book close and we find ourselves back in the real world . int . gruber 's antique - day paddington 's eye glisten with joy . paddington this be perfect . Mr gruber consult the list in more detail . mr gruber ah . we have a snag . paddington do we ? Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 14 . mr gruber you see , this pop book be the only one of its kind - and they want rather a lot of money for it . paddington reach into he ear and pull out a coin . paddington Mrs Bird find this coin in my ear at breakfast . perhaps there 's more . he start bang the side of he head , hope to dislodge more money from he ear . mr gruber it will take more than a earful , Mr Brown ! I be afraid you would need a thousand of that coin . paddington oh . paddington put the coin back in he ear . mr gruber take another look at the monkey . I think he 's super-duper . he offer up the mechanical monkey which fly off its stand . mr gruber ( cont 'd ) I can fix that . paddington that 's very kind , Mr gruber , but aunt Lucy do so much for I when I be a cub , and this could be my way of say thank you . I be go to get a job and buy that book . mr gruber well the barber mention he be look for someone to mind he shop this afternoon . why do not you try there ? 22 ext . barber 's shop - day paddington , wear a barber 's jacket , be sweeping up in a smart shop . the owner , mr giuseppe , be leave . giuseppe back in a few minute . ciao ciao paddington ! paddington ciao ciao Mr giuseppe ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 15 . 23 int . barber 's shop - day alone in the shop , paddington turn to the broom and address it as though it be a customer . paddington good afternoon . welcome to giuseppe 's groom salon . what can I do for you today , sir ? a shave ? a light pomade ? or be it just a brush ? customer ( 0.s. ) Quick trim please , barber ! paddington look round to find a curt customer with a magnificent mane of grey hair have come in to the shop . the customer have mistaken paddington for the barber . paddington I be not the barber . I just tidy up . customer that 's all I want . tidy up the back and side , and nothing off the top . paddington yes , but ... customer no but ! come on man , chop chop ! the customer settles down in the chair and close he eye . paddington if you say so , sir . he take the scissors from he pocket - but he 's not use to they and they fly straight out of he paw into the ceiling . he look around for something to use instead of the scissors and spot some electric clipper . he switch they on - but the motor be so strong it make he arm vibrate wildly . he manage to grab hold of the clipper with both paw and clasp they to he chest - but they simply make he whole body vibrate , like a road worker with a jackhammer . he start to bounce around the room , the long flex wrapping around he hand and foot , ensnare he completely . the clipper tear through a display of brushes as the trail flex start snagging on various bit of furniture . luckily , the customer have drop off to sleep . 24 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 16 . just then a phone ring . paddington happen to bounce pass and answer it , flipping it up behind he ear with he mouth . paddington ( cont ’d ) hello , giuseppe 's ? oh hello Mr jameson . would you mind if I call you back ? I think I may be about to shave a customer . now paddington find the clipper head toward the customer . he try to change course but be so bound up in flex that he 's powerless to do anything about it . millimetre from the customer 's head , paddington 's progress be miraculously arrest . the cord of the clipper have pull taut , save the customer in the nick of time . phew ! paddington ( cont ’d ) thank goodness . but then , the tension in the cable pull the lever on the chair , and the customer 's hair be lower onto the clipper . paddington yelp as hair fly everywhere . and to make thing worse , the plug fly out the socket , shoot up to the ceiling fan , and the flex start be wound up around it . paddington be yank off he foot . paddington ( cont ’d ) I be just put you on hold ... the fan whip he up and spin he around at high speed . ext . barber 's shop - day a mother be give she son a stern talk - to outside the barber 's shop window . mum it 's only a hair cut , Nelson , there 's nothing to be afraid of . paddington be hurled from the fan and splat onto the window . paddington come in , take a seat . mum let 's go somewhere else . he squeak off the glass and land on the floor with a thump . 25 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 17 . int . barber 's shop - day paddington pick himself up off the floor and stare at the damage . the customer have a ten inch strip shave into the back of he head like a reverse mohican . paddington ooh , that 's not good . paddington try to put the shave hair back on to the customer 's head but , of course , it will not stick . then he have a idea . he get a jar of marmalade from he pocket , open it , scoops out a pawful and smear marmalade all over the customer 's now - bald patch . customer ( half asleep ) what be it ? paddington just put in some product , sir . customer ( half asleep ) jolly good . carry on . a few moment later : paddington have finish he repair job . above he , the fan be still bound up with flex and smoking gently . he raise the customer 's chair and show he he handiwork . paddington all do , sir ! I must say it 's come out a lot better than I expect . the customer wake , look in the mirror . the front be fine . but when he touch the back of he head , he feel something weird and then scrape the marmalade off he head . customer what the devil 's this ? paddington erm. .. marmalade . customer marmalade ? paddington hairy marmalade . customer well get it off ! 26 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 18. paddington yes sir ! right away sir . paddington lick the back of the customer 's head . just then the barber come back to see what he 's do . customer what be the matter with you ? barber paddington ! paddington Mr giuseppe ! I can explain . it 's not as bad as it look . but just then the fan spark , the smoke alarm sound , and the sprinkler go off , drench everyone in the shop . CUT to : ext . koslova 's steam fair - dusk paddington wring out he hat as the Browns and Mrs Bird walk through the entrance to koslova 's steam fair . paddington have you ever be fire , Mr Brown ? henry well , no , but be you sure you be ready for the workplace paddington ? it 's a tough , competitive world out there and I worry a kind , good - nature little bear might get trample underfoot . paddington take a bite of a toffee apple but it 's so sticky he struggle to free he tongue from the sticky apple . judy he 's right , you know . you can not trust anyone . that 's why I be do my newspaper alone . mary darling , be this about tony ? judy no ! mary ok . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 19 . jonathan everything 's about tony . and the only reason nobody 's help with you paper be because it 's so lame . judy well at least I be not pretend to be someone I be not . jonathan nor be I ! G-Man ! Jonathan have spot a similarly dress group of other kid , slip on he cyber- shade and fire up a electronic t-shirt . cyber-kid j-dog . spud bounce . they bump fist . paddington finally manage to pull he tongue from the toffee apple . paddington but aunt Lucy say if you be kind and polite , the world will be right . mrs bird at least someone 's make sense ! paddington and you be kind , Mr Brown , and you have make it to the top . henry I be nowhere near the top . I peak in the middle . now the hair 's go grey , the belly 's pop out and I have start to creak . they approach a large crowd who burst into applause as a charming , handsome , charismatic actor with dazzle blue eye hop up onto a small stage . this be phoenix buchanan . behind he stand a old fairground organ emblazon with the legend , '' kozlova ’s! where all you dream come true ! '' paddington ooh ! do not that man live in the big house on the corner ? jonathan it 's Phoenix Buchanan . Judy start take photograph with she camera . judy dad 's ' celebrity 's client . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 20 . henry he 's one of we platinum Club member . and a very famous actor . mrs bird hmph . or use to be . now he do dog food commercial . paddington be surprised by she response . Mary explain . mary Mrs Bird do not like he because he can never remember she name . Phoenix finally quieten the crowd . phoenix thank you ! thank you ! come on now , that 's enough . alright , little bit more ! honestly , what be I like ? I be at my absolute naughtiest tonight . the audience laugh . phoenix ( cont 'd ) I be tickle the deep shade of shrimp to have be ask here tonight to open this wonderful old steam fair . but you know , when Madame kozlova create this place all that year ago , she do not do it for the like of I , whatever I be , '' celebrity , '' '' Star , '' hate all that stuff - '' West end legend , '' that 's another one . no , she make it for you guy : the ordinary people . so I would like to ask one of you to come up here and help start thing off . volunteer ? paddington 's arm shoot up . phoenix ( cont 'd ) eeny , meeny , miney ... bear ! how about the young bear ? yes , why not ? come on up , young ursine ! the audience clap as paddington climb up on stage . Judy take more photograph . phoenix ( cont 'd ) very good . and you be ... paddington paddington Brown . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 21 . phoenix of course ! you be my new neighbour ! you live with Henry and Mary and Mrs er ... fuh nuh nuh . Mrs Bird roll she eye . phoenix ( cont 'd ) now I suppose you know who I be ? paddington oh yes , you be a very famous actor . Phoenix smile with false humility . paddington ( cont ’d ) or use to be . the smile vanish . paddington ( cont ’d ) now you do dog food commercial . the crowd chuckle . Phoenix smile through gritt tooth . phoenix well , a man have to eat ! paddington what ? Dog food ? the crowd laugh again . Phoenix force himself to laugh along . phoenix very , very funny . anyway they do say at kozlova 's , all you dream come true . if you could have one wish tonight , what would it be ? paddington oh that 's easy . I would like to get my aunt Lucy a birthday present . phoenix aw ! paddington I have get my eye on old pop - up book of London . make by Madame kozlova , as it happen . Phoenix 's eye light up . he 's intrigue but try to hide it . paddington ( cont ’d ) but it 's rather expensive so I need to get my paw on a awful lot of money . 27 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 22. phoenix well I be not sure if we can promise you that , but we can promise you oodle of fun ! so if you 'il lend I a paw , I would like to declare kozlova 's steam Fair OPEN ! Phoenix take paddington 's paw and together they pull a lever which start the fairground organ . paddington stare in awe as thousand of light bulb burst into life and the magnificent old ride start move . he be about to go off and explore when Phoenix take he to one side and start probing he for information . phoenix ( cont 'd ) Young bear ! Young bear ! a word in you ear . this pop - up book ... paddington do you know it ? phoenix I know of it but I be lead to believe it be lose . where on earth do you find it ? paddington Mr gruber 's antique shop . he 's keep it to one side for I but I really need a job . I do not suppose you have any advice , do you ? phoenix not really , no . I suppose you 's 1ll just have to ... start at the bottom of the ladder and work you way up . paddington do you know what , Mr Buchanan ? you have just give I a brilliant idea . phoenix have I ? paddington I be go to be a window cleaner ! ext . windsor garden - day paddington set to work . he open he suitcase , take out a telescopic ladder and extend it against the side of a house . next , he pull out a collapsible bucket and pop it OPEN . 28 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 23. he add a dash of soap and fill it from a outside tap . he try to climb the ladder with the bucket - but the bucket be so heavy he can't lift it off the floor . he have a idea . he get a length of rope out of he suitcase and tie one end to the bucket . next he climb the ladder , feed the rope through a drainpipe attach to the wall , close he eye and jump off . but he 's not heavy enough - and open he eye to find himself dangle in space . he look around , wonder how to make himself heavier . paddington erm ... ah ! he spot a flowerpot on the window ledge and grab it . his weight be now just enough to raise the bucket up and lower he to the ground . delighted with he success , he put the flowerpot down . unfortunately , of course , the pot be the only thing make paddington heavier than the bucket three storey above . and so , to he surprise , paddington find himself rising up the building as the bucket descend . he end up dangling from the top of the building while three floor below , the bucket hit the floor . as it land , some of the water sloshes out . unfortunately , that mean paddington be now much heavier than the bucket . he descend - fast - and land in a heap on the floor . daze , he let go of the rope so the bucket - and all its soapy content - plummet onto the unfortunate bear 's head . the bucket seem to be stick fast . daze , he stagger off around the corner , cover in soap , the bucket still firmly wedge on he head . int . dr jafri 's home office - morning dr jafri be do some paperwork at he desk . behind he , through the french window , we can see a very soapy bear staggering through the garden . Dr jafri look up as paddington bump into the french window , the impact finally send the bucket fly off . 29 30 31 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 24 . paddington see Dr jafri , stare at he . try to cover up he mistake , he start polishing the window with he fur , use himself as a chamois leather . Dr jafri watch as paddington smear soap on the window with he belly then wipe the window with he back . they be now sparkling . and the doctor be delighted . int . paddington 's attic room - day paddington put he first coin in a huge jar . on it be a label - '' aunt lucy 's birthday fund '' . ext . windsor garden - day ( montage ) time -lapse of paddington clean all the window along the street . he end up at the Colonel 's where he ring the bell . paddington window cleaner ! colonel ( 0.s. ) no thank you . paddington be you sure , Colonel ? they be awfully dirty . colonel ( 0.s. ) I do not care and I be not pay . paddington ( to himself ) perhaps I nil clean they anyway . int . colonel 's house - day the Colonel drink tea in he gloomy live room . suddenly he feel a warm light on he face . he look up to see paddington clean the window , sunlight wash into the room for the first time in year . he go to the window and look out . miss Kitts wave to he from the news stand . he tentatively wave back . she do a mime for he entertainment , pretend to go into the basement of the kiosk . he reciprocate by miming be in a elevator . they laugh , a connection beginning to form . 32 33 34 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 25 . suddenly the mood be shattered by a rap at the door . the Colonel open it to find mr curry wear a hi - viz jacket and hat , a megaphone attach to he belt . mr curry good afternoon , Colonel . be you aware there 's a bear on you roof ? colonel yes , he 's clean my window . mr curry well it 's not for I to say , sir , but I would not care to have a undesirable crawl all over my roof - and as Commander of you Community Defence Force -- colonel be that a official position , Mr curry ? or have you just get yourself a yellow coat ? he slam the door in Mr curry 's face . int . paddington 's attic room - various day ( montage ) a sequence of jump cut show coin go into the huge jar on different day . ext . various street - various day - paddington clean wolfie who have never look better . - paddington wash the windscreen of the dustbin lorry , cling onto the wiper . the binman read he a-z inside . - paddington in scuba gear squeeege the inside of a aquarium . he wave to the cyclist who work there . - Henry , at work in a high office , be startle to see paddington clean the window . - pull back to reveal he 's clean the whole of the shard . a calypso band be in the gondola , play as the song end . ext . gruber 's antique - night paddington walk home past Mr gruber 's as a distant clock chime four . he stop and peer through the window at the pop - up book in a glass case and smile to himself . 35 36 37 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 26 . paddington one more day , aunt Lucy . but just then he hear the sound of breaking glass . he go round to the alley next to the shop and spot a shadowy figure climb through a second floor window . paddington ( cont ’d ) Mr gruber ?! startle , the figure turn to reveal he 's a beard thief . thief who ? paddington you -- you be not Mr gruber ! thief lork ! the thief climb through the window , but paddington set off in pursuit . he run to the window and wind up he ladder . paddington oh no you do not ! int . gruber 's antique - night the thief run downstairs , smashes the display case contain the pop - up book and grab it . int . mr gruber' upstair workshop - continuous paddington tumble through the window into Mr gruber 's workshop - but suddenly the burglar alarm shriek into life . paddington go to the window and see the thief burst out of the front door and down the road carrying the pop - up book . paddington stop ! thief ! int . gruber' antique - night paddington career down the stair and out of the shop . paddington come back with that book ! 38 39 40 4l 42 43 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 27 . ext . portobello road - night a police car pull up at the top of portobello Road as paddington bolt down the road . int . police car - night a serious-minded policewoman grab the radio . policewoman robbery in progress at gruber 's antique . suspect be a small bear in a red hat and a duffle coat ! she get out and give chase . ext . portobello road / alley - night paddington chase the thief down a alley towards the canal . ext . canal towpath - night paddington emerge from the alley onto the towpath . he look around and see the thief take a bicycle from on top of a canal boat and cycle away . paddington put he paw in he mouth and whistle ! ext . alleyway - night wolfie prick up he ear and run . ext . canal towpath - night paddington emerge from a tunnel riding the dog like a horse , gallop after the thief - who have the book in a panier on the back of he bicycle . paddington pull alongside the bicycle and reach for the book . but just as he take it , the thief notice what be go on and grab the book before paddington can get away . the pair tussle for the book - but suddenly , the thief veer off up a incline and across a bridge ahead of paddington . the pair of they be now on different side of the canal as they head to the basin . and the thief be pull away . but paddington be not do yet . he spur the dog into life . they leap up onto the roof of a boat moor by the towpath and jump onto a island in the middle of the canal basin . 44 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 28. they crash through the undergrowth . duck , geese and other bird fly up in to the air , squawk wildly . paddington Excuse I ! come through ! who be you ?! the thief look round to see paddington emerge from the undergrowth hanging from the legs of a swan . thief Strike a light ! amaze by the sight , he lose control of the bike , and fall off as it go in the water . High above , hang from the swan , paddington watch the thief get to he foot and run off the canal . paddington that book be reserve for aunt Lucy ! oh er , hello there . the swan have look round and start peck at paddington . paddington ( cont ’d ) ooh ! ow ! not the snout ! help wolfie ! paddington let go and fall to the towpath beneath . fortunately , he land on the back of the dog and together , they race once more after the thief . paddington ( cont ’d ) thank you , wolfie ! attaboy ! ext . windsor square - night paddington follow the thief towards the newspaper kiosk . the thief stop as he hear a police siren head towards he from the other direction . cornere , he raise he hand , still hold the pop - up book . thief ( breathless ) alright , alright ! you get I . paddington get off the dog and walk towards he . paddington Hand over the book ! thief ' fraid I can not do that . cheerio . 45 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 29 . the thief turn and then suddenly ... poof ! he quite literally disappear in a puff of smoke . paddington but ... where do he go ? paddington look around , astound , as police car close in from all direction - and then hear a voice behind he . policewoman hold it right there ! paddington oh , thank goodness you be here ! policewoman put you ... paw in the air . paddington lift he paw in the air . paddington but ... I be not the thief ! I be chase the thief and then he ... policewoman ( sarcastically ) disappear in a puff of smoke ? paddington well ... yes . ext . windsor garden - moment later paddington 's friend and neighbour come to they window as the policewoman lead he up the street in handcuff . the little bear hang he head in shame . the Browns run out of they house , frantic , but a policeman hold they back . mary paddington ! henry please , there must be a mistake . policeman no mistake sir . mrs bird what 's go on ? policeman caught red-hand robbing gruber 's antique . 46 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 30 . mr curry well , well , well . the truth be out . we open we heart to that bear , we open we door - well , you do , I keep mine triple lock in accordance with the guideline - and all along he be robbing you blind . I hate to say I tell you so , but I do definitely tell you so . the neighbour mutter to each other . can this be true ? the door of the police van be slammed shut . paddington be drive away , he little face press against the bar rear window , a picture of fear and shame . int . attic room - night the beard thief sit in front of a theatrical make - up mirror . he talk to himself in a gruff London accent . thief a nice little haul , and no mistake . the thief pull at he nose - and it peel off he face . his eyebrow follow , and finally he beard . thief ( cont 'd ) turned out to be quite a stroke of luck , that bear turn up when he do . copper think he do it , and we be in the clear . his wig come off to reveal the thief be phoenix in disguise . phoenix indeed , magwich . we give quite a performance , you and I . just like the old day . Phoenix catch sight of a costume mannequin in the mirror , dress like hamlet with a skull in one hand . phoenix ( cont 'd ) why the lemon face , hamlet ? if you have something to say , please , share it with we all . Phoenix stand and we find the room be full of mannequin , all the great character he have play over the year . he walk among they , address they as if they be real . phoenix as hamlet it be not nor it can not come to good . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 31 . phoenix oh really , you and you dreary conscience . tell I this . what would you prefer ? that you sit here , gather dust , while I humiliate myself in a spaniel costume on the television - or that we all return in glory with the great one man show the West end have ever see ? the sound of a enormous audience applaud float through Phoenix 's mind as he imagine himself lap up praise . phoenix ( cont 'd ) I know what you be think , scrooge , it ’1ll cost a fortune , but if I be right , that 's exactly what this book will provide . this be no dusty old antique . Hidden on every page , a little lady , point to a clue . find all the clue , we be rich again , and we dog food day be do ... cutaway : int . aristocratic dine room - night a silver cloche sit on a linen clothed table . a butler' hand remove the cover - to reveal a gilt dog food BOWL . butler dinner be serve , master . we pull out to reveal Phoenix dress in a dog suit . phoenix thank you , simpkin . Phoenix turn and speak to camera . phoenix ( cont 'd ) if , like I , you dog like to maintain standard , may I recommend harley 's gourmet din-din ? more taste , more goodness , more - dare I say - class ? he put a forkful of dog food into he mouth and struggle to pull a contend expression . phoenix ( cont 'd ) mmm ! woof ! voiceover harley 's gourmet Dog food . not to be consume by human . 48 49 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 32. ext . courtroom - day various legal type walk towards a courtroom . int . courtroom - day paddington stand alone in the dock , confuse and afraid . the Browns and he friend be all in attendance . clerk of court all rise ! paddington ( to himself ) deep breath , paddington . remember what Mr Brown say . you be young , you have do nothing wrong , you will be fine - so long as you get a fair - minded judge . judge order ! order ! but he look up to see the judge be the same man from the barber 's shop - and he 's monumentally annoyed . paddington oh dear . judge we will now hear the case of the Crown versus paddington Brown . first , mr gruber give evidence . mr gruber ... oh yes , he love the book . he have set he heart on top of it . prosecutor so you discuss how expensive it be ? mr gruber yes , but he be raise the money ! I refuse to believe young Mr Brown would ever burglarize my shop . paddington be delighted to see he friend stand up for he . next , a forensic investigator be on the stand . he gesture to a plan of gruber 's antique . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 33. forensic investigator paw-print be find here , here , and here , and a substance , later identify as marmalade , be find here . the prosecutor produce a jar of paddington 's marmalade . prosecutor and be this the same marmalade ? the Forensic investigator dip he finger in the jar and rub it around he gum , like a cop testing for cocaine . forensic investigator yes it be . the court gasp , the tide start to turn against paddington . prosecutor thank you very much . she step away with the jar , but the Forensic investigator snatch it off she and start eat more marmalade . forensic investigator thank you very much . ( off she look ) this evidence be very more-ish . finally , phoenix take the stand . clerk of court Phoenix Buchanan , do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth ? phoenix May my entrail be pluck forth and wound about my neck should I deceive , I do . prison be no laugh matter . and I should know . I spend three year in Les miserables . the court laugh . prosecutor Mr Buchanan , you live on the same street as the defendant . phoenix yes , I have know the family for year . Henry and Mary and the unforgettable Mrs fuh nuh nuh . Mrs Bird roll she eye . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 34 . prosecutor and you be a eye-witness to the event that night . phoenix indeed I be . everyone lean forward , keen to hear what he have to say . phoenix ( cont 'd ) I be up late write my one man show when I become aware of a hullaballoo in the street below . I go to my award room , which be a large room overlook the kiosk , and I see young paddington riding a rather disreputable look hound . the prosecutor produce a pencil drawing of the thief . prosecutor Mary Brown draw this base on the bear 's description of the man he claim he be chase . Phoenix look admiringly at the face in the picture . phoenix ooh , handsome devil , be not he ? strong cheekbone , noble forehead , dazzle eye ... prosecutor yes but do you see he ? you answer will tell we whether the bear be guilty . do you see this man ? paddington lean forward , desperate to be clear . phoenix alas ... I do not . the court descend into uproar . the Browns despair . phoenix ( cont 'd ) but perhaps he have already vanish ! I beg you , go easy on he . he be but a cub . alone in the dock , paddington have lose all hope . match CUT to : 50 51 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 35 . int . prison atrium - night paddington stand behind a barred door wear a grey stripe prison uniform and hat . he carry a rolled blanket . a stern warden address he . warden paddington Brown . ten year for Grand theft ... paddington oh , but I never ... warden and grievous barberly harm . paddington growl , unable to argue with that one . warden ( cont 'd ) follow I . a buzzer sound . the bar door slide OPEN . sad calypso music play as paddington follow a warden anxiously into the high prison atrium and up a staircase . there , in the atrium , be the calypso Band , wear prison uniform and sing a jailhouse lament . the warden unlock a cell door and paddington step inside . paddington Mrs Brown usually read I a story before bed . I do not suppose ... warden sorry , son . no bedtime storey in here . the warden slam the door shut behind he . int . paddington's prison cell - night paddington climb up to a pipe under the window , and start to write a letter . paddington ( v.o. ) dear aunt Lucy . a great deal have happen since I last write . I be afraid there 's be a bit of a mix up with you present and the upshot be I have have to leave Windsor garden and move ... somewhere else . he find he can not quite bring himself to tell aunt Lucy the truth , so try to put a positive spin on thing . 52 53 54 55 56 57 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 36 . as he write , the camera pull away from the cell window to reveal he be one of dozen in a vast , impose building . paddington ( v.o. ) it 's not quite as charming as the Browns 's house but it 's not all bad . it 's a period property - in fact , it 's one of the most substantial victorian building in London - and the security arrangement be second to none . a searchlight sweep across wall top with barb wire . paddington I be only allow to see the Browns once a month . I wonder what they be do now ? int . kitchen - night ( montage ) Mary put up she draw on a cork board , the start of what will become she crime wall . int . law library - night ( montage ) Henry surround by text book , look exhaust . int . school printing room - night ( montage ) Judy print a newspaper . int . jonathan 's room - night ( montage ) Jonathan put up a poster : have you see this man ? int . the browns 's hallway - night ( montage ) Mrs Bird be stand at the foot of the stair read a book call '' vanishing act and how to do they '' . use a wash up brush like a wand , she vanish a turnip and look around , amaze . int . paddington be cell - night paddington gaze out of the window , he eye full of tear . paddington ( v.o. ) I do hope they do not forget I . he scrub this last sentence out , pull himself together . 58 59 60 61 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 37 . paddington of course they will not . this be the Browns you be talk about . paddington ( v.o. ) they will sort everything out and I will be able to go home and get you present and everything will be right as rain . ( to himself ) I just need to hold on until then . ext . tower bridge - night the iconic landmark silhouett against the night sky . int . NORTH tower , tower bridge - night a whistling security guard walk past various royal suit of armour on display in front of a large , gothic window . as soon as the guard have leave the room , one of the suit move , lift up its visor to reveal Phoenix . he run clanking out of the room . ext . tower bridge - night still wear the armour , Phoenix climb out of a window and clank along the elevate walkway above the bridge to the coat of arm in the middle . the Thames swirl below . Phoenix take a closer look at the back of the crest and spot a letter carve into the stone . phoenix '' dp '' . the hunt begin . int . prison atrium - morning the warden be do morning roll call . warden 324 . 325 . 326 . paddington emerge from he cell and take a deep breath . paddington ( to himself ) here go , paddington . manners . paddington and the other prisoner file out of they cell . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 38 . as he approach the central stair , paddington come face to face with a tattooed prisoner , t-bone . paddington ( cont ’d ) good morning . how would you like to start a gardening club ? t-bone how would you like to be bury in a very deep hole ? paddington would not like that at all so fall silent . they pass the warden , who give they they job as they go . warden Brown , P. Laundry duty ! int . prison laundry - day four industrial washing machine dominate a basement laundry , label '' bedding '' , '' towel '' , '' uniform '' , '' colour '' . paddington look around , try to find the laundry . paddington Laundry . Laundry ... laundry ... ah! Laundry . paddington spot a button on the wall mark '' Laundry . '' a distant mechanical clanking suggest activity , but only after a few second do paddington spot the hatch above he . he look up just as the hatch open , cover he in a avalanche of clothes . he emerge from the pile , hiccup , and pull a single red sock from he mouth . horrify , he throw the sock away , but it land on he hat . paddington set about load the machine and start they . he take off he own clothes , throw they into the uniform machine and start it . please with he work , he turn away , then freeze as he remember something . he turn slowly back to the machine to see the single red sock in the uniform wash . he tries to OPEN the door but it be lock . he heave on the handle with all he might - but it snap off . he stare into the window of the wash machine , the water turn a ominous pink . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 39 . paddington ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) oh it 's only one red sock . what 's the worst that could happen ? 63 int . prison canteen - day a room of harden prisoner , all wear bright pink uniform , glare fiercely at paddington . paddington afternoon chap . if you ask I , the pink really brighten the place up a bit . t-bone if you ask I , you should pipe down and eat you dinner , ' cos it might be you last . paddington gulp . paddington ok . he walk towards the table , he tray rattling in fear . he sit at a vacant spot , doff he hat to the prisoner on either side , then look at the disgusting slop on he plate . he lift a spoonful to he nose and sniff . it 's bad . a friendly look Australian prisoner smile encouragingly . phib do not worry . I use to be a restaurant critic . it 's not as bad as it look . paddington oh . paddington eat a spoonful - and sick up into he mouth . phib -.. it 's worse . paddington what be this ? spoon , a wise , worldly man who 's see it all before , lean over . he be make a model of a windmill with matchstick . spoon nobody know . a Old West country prisoner with a moustache pipe up . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 40 . farmer jack but we have be eat it three time a day for the last ten year . paddington why do not someone have a word with the chef ? a dozy look prisoner , the professor , drop he mug . professor with knuckle ? spoon two thing to remember if you want to survive in here . keep you head down , and never talk to knuckle . paddington thank you . a quiet prisoner , charley rumble , growls in agreement - but a devious plan have occur to t-bone . t-bone well I think it 's a great idea . tell you what son , you get knuckle to change the menu , and we might forget about you make we look like a bunch of pink flamingos . paddington be delighted at the prospect of make peace . paddington alright then , I will . he look round at the chef , a mountain of a man in a stripe chef 's apron and hat , he back turn towards we . undeterred , paddington get to he foot . phib mate , I really would not ... paddington aunt Lucy say if you look for the good in people , you will find it . the other prisoner watch as he walk over to the counter . spoon she obviously never meet knuckle . the prisoner go quiet as paddington reach knuckle . he rap on the counter . paddington erm , excuse I , Mr knuckle ? Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 41 . knuckle turn to reveal a huge , granite - face bruiser . this be a man who have face a thousand enemy and defeat they all except , perhaps , himself . knuckle yes ? the warden whisper nervously into he radio . warden send a medic to the canteen . paddington I ... just wonder if I could have a quick word about the food ? knuckle you want to complain ? paddington oh , no , I - I would not say complain . knuckle that 's a shame . because I just love it when people complain . knuckle 's huge fist close around a wooden rolling pin on the counter - but paddington do not detect the threat . paddington really ? oh ! well in that case , it 's very gritty . and lumpy . and as for the bread ... he pick up a baguette and bonk it against knuckle 's head , knock he hat askew . paddington ( cont ’d ) need I say more ? I think we need to completely overhaul the menu . now I know we be work to a tight budget but we could at least add some sauce . he pick up a bottle of ketchup and accidentally squirt some onto knuckle 's apron . knuckle slowly look down . paddington ( cont ’d ) oops . sorry about that I 'il just ... he try to wipe it off but the stain just spread . paddington ( cont ’d ) no that 's just rub it in . do not worry . I know what get ketchup stain out . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 42 . he pick up a mustard bottle , squirt some onto the stain , then immediately have second thought . paddington ( cont ’d ) hang on , be it mustard ? ( he try wiping ) mmm no . that 's just make it worse ! do anyone know what work on ketchup ? he turn to the other prisoner - to find they be all hiding under there table . paddington ( cont ’d ) chap ? warden forget the medic . the penny slowly drop as paddington turn back to knuckle - who snap the rolling pin in two . warden ( cont ’d ) better send a priest . knuckle grab paddington and lift he off the counter . knuckle now you listen to I , you little maggot ! paddington listen . knuckle nobody criticise my food . paddington right . knuckle nobody squirt condiment on my apron . paddington get it . knuckle nobody bonk I on the head with a baguette ! paddington no bonk . knuckle I ' 1l overhaul the menu alright . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 43. paddington really ? knuckle dish of the day ? paddington yes ? knuckle bear pie . paddington I do not like it ! paddington take he sandwich out of he hat and push it into knuckle ' mouth - and shut he eye , await the end . but knuckle chews . and astonishment creep across he face . knuckle what be this ? paddington it 's a marmalade sandwich . knuckle marmalade ? paddington my aunt Lucy teach I to make it . knuckle lower paddington onto the counter as he eat . knuckle you mean ... you can make this ? paddington well ... yes . knuckle stand aside . paddington nod . knuckle make a declaration to the room . knuckle ( cont ’d ) get off the floor , you bunch of yellow - belly and listen to I ! this bear be now under my protection . anyone touch a hair on he back 's 1l answer to knuckle mcginty . that 's knuckle with a capital ' n’. knuckle brandish he fist . across eight knuckle be the letter of he name : nuckel 's. t- bone be frustrated that he plan have be thwart . 64 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 paddington thank you , Mr mcginty . knuckle do not thank I yet . I do not do nuthin’ for no one for nuthin’ . paddington beg you pardon ? knuckle you get my protection - so long as you make that marmalade . deal ? 44 , knuckle spit on he hand and proffer it to paddington . paddington , puzzle , spit on knuckle 's hand too . paddington deal . int . gruber 's antique - day Mary be put up a poster in Mr gruber 's window . mary somebody 's get to recognise he sooner or later . mr gruber ( in he own world ) hmm. mary be you alright Mr gruber ? mr gruber oh I be probably just be a nincompoop ... mary why ? what be it ? mr gruber there 's something about this whole business that 's be tickle my brain -box . mary oh yes ? she pick up a pad , take a pen out of she hair and lick it . mr gruber let I take you back to the night of the robbery . when young Mr Brown call out , the thief take to he heel and run downstairs ... Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 45 . as Mr gruber talk , a animation of Mary 's illustration of the thief appear in the shop . mary ..- and go straight through the front door , set off the alarm . the illustrate thief grab the book and leave . mr gruber ah , but he do not go straight through the door ! he come all the way over here to get the pop book . why not some jewellery or a vase ? he can not have know much about antique . mary or maybe he know something about that book that we do not ... 65 ext . koslova 's steam fair - night the Browns be talk to the owner of the fairground , a colourfully - dress Russian who work as the fortune teller . mary you may find this hard to believe , Madame koslova , but paddington be innocent - and we think the real thief may have break in just to take that book . madame kozlova the pop - up book ? henry we know it sound far-fetched ... mary but anything you could tell we about it could be useful . madame kozlova there 's quite a story . mary really ? Mary be fascinate , Henry skeptical . madame kozlova come with I I 'il show you where it all happen . you see , my great - — grandmother , who start this fair , be the great show - woman of she generation . ( more ) 66 67 68 69 70 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 46 . madame kozlova ( cont 'd ) she could tame lion , breathe fire , swallow sword , but she be most famous for the trapeze . as Madame kozlova walk up to the spiegeltent , the camera push inside , where we find ourselves in the 1930s ... int . spiegeltent - night ( flashback ) a crowd of people watch madame kozlova perform above they . madame kozlova ( v.o. ) they call she the Flying swan . wherever she go , she be shower with gift , and make a fortune . as Madame kozlova take the applause , people throw flower . one rich man in a fur cape toss she a diamond necklace . madame kozlova ( v.o. ) but where there be a fortune , there be also jealousy . in the wing stand a magician , watch on enviously . int . spiegeltent - later that night ( flashback ) the spiegeltent be empty . the magician stand by the trapeze rope , filing through they . madame kozlova ( v.o. ) the magician want it for himself , so one night he cut through the rope - and the Flying swan become the dying swan . int . spiegeltent - the next night ( flashback ) Madame kozlova be perform she act when the rope snap - and she plummet to the floor . the magician rush over to where she lie , pretend to be concerned , but surreptitiously pull a key chain from around she neck - and slip away through the crowd . ext . madame kozlova 's caravan - night ( flashback ) the magician dart up the step into the paint wagon . int . madame kozlova 's caravan - night ( flashback ) the magician use the key to open the strong box . 71 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 47 . madame kozlova ( v.o. ) he go to she caravan and open she strong box - but instead of she treasure , all he find be a pop - up book : twelve landmark of London . he leaf through the pop - up book , baffle . suddenly , a stage hand burst in with a couple of policemen . the rest of the fairground worker be not far behind . madame kozlova ( v.o. ) they have he cornere - but he disappear in a puff of smoke , and neither he , nor the treasure , be ever see again . suddenly , just like Phoenix in Windsor garden , the magician disappear in a puff of smoke , leave the book behind . int . henry and mary 's bedroom - night Mary be sit on the bed , Henry be out of sight in they en- suite bathroom . mary I know there be something special about that pop - up book . henry ( 0.s. ) hm ? mary why else would she have keep it in she strong box ? Henry emerge from the bathroom in a blue face mask . henry ( 0.s. ) you be not tell I you believe all that guff be you ? he start rub it off . mary Madame koslova draw twelve London landmark in that book . well what if they be not just landmark . what if they be ... I do not know , clue ? henry clue ?! mary to where she hide she fortune ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 henry you mean ... a treasure map ? mary exactly ! Henry turn away , roll he eye . mary ( cont 'd ) and that 's why the thief take it from Mr gruber 's . first thing tomorrow we need to go every landmark in that pop - up book , see if we can sniff out anything suspicious . henry too many adventure storey Mary . mary what ? henry she 's a fortune teller ! she spun you a yarn . it 's what they do . mary honestly darling , you be so close - minded this day . henry what 's that suppose to mean ? mary what happen to the man I marry ? he have have believe I . Henry check he crow 's foot in the mirror . henry oh he ! he 's go Mary . I be afraid you husband 's just a creaky old man , not bullseye Brown . 48 . Henry look in the mirror and imagine himself back in he heyday , stand at a coconut shy . he throw a ball and knock over three different coconut . young henry bullseye . young mary oh Henry ! mary Henry ? Henry ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 49 . Henry snap out of he reverie and pick up a poster . henry but the point be we be not go to help paddington by go on a wild goose chase . we be look for this scruffy chancer , not some swashbuckle pirate hunt for bury treasure . Mary stare at the poster , she theory take shape . mary well I think there 's more to he than meet the eye ... 72 int . phoenix 's attic room - night Phoenix sit at he make - up mirror , readying himself for a new disguise . mary ( v.o. ) I think he somehow know the story of the koslova fortune and be out there now , try to find it ... Phoenix look up at a old photograph of the magician from Madame kozlova 's story . phoenix well , grandfather , tonight we take another step closer . the set , St. Paul 's Cathedral . the pop - up book stand on the dress table , open at St. Paul 's Cathedral . match CUT to : 73 ext . ST . paul 's cathedral - night a flock of nun process up the step . phoenix ( v.o. ) but how to enter unobserve ? enter sister agatha ... 74 int . ST . paul 's cathedral - night the nun process through the cathedral . one of they be phoenix , disguise in a habit . he duck out of the procession and slip into a staircase , he habit cover the camera and take we into darkness . 75 76 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 50 . int . paddington 's cell - night in the darkness , we hear a voice . knuckle ( 0.s. ) wakey wakey . paddington open he eye to find knuckle inch from he nose . Thunder crash in the distance . knuckle ( cont ’d ) marmalade time . int . prison canteen - night the warden let paddington and knuckle into the canteen , lock the door behind they . paddington um ... Mr mcginty ? Mr mcginty ? knuckle what do you want ? paddington well , the thing be , I be actually innocent . knuckle ha! paddington and I wonder if you have any advice on how to clear my name ? now that we be friend ... knuckle Friends ? I be you boss , not you buddy . paddington oh . well , after you . paddington hold the kitchen door open for knuckle . knuckle ( suspicious ) why ? so you can stab I in the back ? paddington no. because it 's polite ! aunt Lucy say if you be kind and polite , the world will be right . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 51 . knuckle you be ahead of I , now you be behind . that make you a sap . 77 int . prison kitchen - continuous paddington follow he in to the kitchen . knuckle ingredient be over there . he nod over to some shelf and flop into a chair . paddington erm ... be not you go to help ? knuckle nope . now get on with it . paddington but there 's five hundred hungry prisoner come for breakfast so I 'il need a thousand juicy orange -- knuckle and rule number one : no talk . he open a prison newspaper : the hard Times . paddington start humming as he put on he stripe apron and pick up a chef 's hat . knuckle slowly lower he paper . knuckle ( cont ’d ) rule number two . no hum , or sing or any other expression of bonhomie . paddington nod , want to stay on the right side of he . knuckle raise he paper and for two second , there 's peace . but then he hear a straining , heaving noise . knuckle lower he paper and look over to see paddington try to heave a large sack of orange off a high shelf . paddington ooh that 's heavy . come on , paddington . put you back into it . he finally manage to pull the sack off the shelf , but it pull all the other sack with it , burying he completely . knuckle begrudgingly go over and with one hand lift a enormous sack to reveal paddington underneath . paddington ( cont ’d ) this sack be awfully heavy . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 52 . knuckle take they one at a time , then . paddington right ! one at a-- knuckle drop the sack of orange back on top of he . paddington ( cont ’d ) -- time . knuckle go back to he paper , hope for peace . but behind he , paddington carry a single orange from the shelf to the counter , pad on the floor as he go . paddington ( cont ’d ) one juicy orange . he walk back to the shelf . and return with another orange . paddington ( cont ’d ) two juicy orange . then back and forth once more . paddington ( cont ’d ) Three juicy orange . four -- knuckle now what be you do ? paddington take they one at a time . knuckle fly into a rage . knuckle one sack at a time ! paddington I be sorry , I be find this a very stressful work environment . aunt Lucy say -- knuckle aunt Lucy ! I have have it up to here with aunt Lucy ! she sound like a proper old bag to I . paddington slowly turn he head towards knuckle . paddington I beg you pardon ? Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 53 . knuckle I say , you aunt Lucy sound like the most naive , gullible , mushy - brain ... what 's go on ? paddington be give knuckle a hard stare . it be have a remarkable effect , bring he out in a cold sweat . knuckle ( cont ’d ) what be you look at I like that for ? it 's awful hot in here . be you hot ? I be hot . do I leave the oven on ? paddington it 's call a hard stare . aunt Lucy teach I to do they when people have forget they manners . knuckle you do not need to tell I about hard stare , I practically invent they . pretty good for a bear though , I will give you that . paddington now Mr mcginty , I may look like a harden criminal to you , but I really be innocent . and if you be not go to help I clear my name , you could at least help I make this marmalade ! knuckle alright , I will help . I doubt I 'il be much use to you though . ( hold up he fist ) this be not exactly make for cooking . paddington oh I do not know . look to I like you have get yourself a great pair of orange squeezer . knuckle Orange squeezer ? paddington and knuckle start to make marmalade . the camera circle they , jump forward each time it pass a pillar : - paddington select the orange from a pile while knuckle squeeze they dry , not even chopping they in half . - paddington and knuckle stand at chopping board , armed with knife and a pile of orange peel . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 54 . paddington now we have to be very careful with knife . aunt Lucy say that sensible bear ... knuckle eviscerate dozen of peel at machine - gun speed . paddington ( cont ’d ) where on earth do you learn to use a knife like that ? knuckle you do not want to know . paddington well it 's jolly good ! - next , paddington stir the mixture while knuckle tip in the rind . they be start to work together . knuckle now ? paddington now ! - we move closer , circle around the bubbling , amber liquid as they add sugar , cinnamon , chilli and lemon , knuckle become involved in the creative process . paddington ( cont ’d ) time for the sugar . that 's what turn the juice into marmalade . knuckle how much ? paddington a lot . same again . a squeeze of lemon , a pinch of cinnamon , and just a bit more sugar . - paddington pour in another huge amount of sugar . knuckle be surprisingly eager to know how they have get on . knuckle well ? be it good ? paddington it 's too soon to tell . we will only really know when it 's set . 78 ext . ST . paul 's cathedral - morning Judy , Jonathan and Mary hurry in behind a tour group . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 55 . tour guide design by Sir Christopher wren , St. Paul 's Cathedral be one of London 's most famous landmark ... 79 int . ST . paul 's cathedral - morning the Tour guide continue as they walk in . tour guide sadly the great dome be close to visitor today as one of its statue be destroy in a bizarre accident last night , but if you follow I this way ... they see a tape - off crime scene - contain the remnant of a smashed statue - and talk to the security guard on duty ( the sleazy Guard from the geographer 's Guild in paddington . ) judy Excuse I ? what happen here ? security guard a nun go berserk . ( off they look ) it happen . he nod over to a chapel where a hundre nun be be hold . one very elderly specimen totter away with a walk stick . security guard ( cont ’d ) hold it there , sister ! you be not go anywhere ' till the detective say so . spin it around . the elderly nun head back to the group . security guard ( cont ’d ) the police have round they all up but if you ask I , the real culprit 's slip the net . jonathan what make you say that ? security guard because I see she , that 's what ... as the Security Guard tell he story , we see the event of the previous evening from he point of view . 80 int . ST . paul' cathedral - flashback the Security Guard look down from the top of the dome at the nun parade through the cathedral . 81 82 83 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 56 . security guard ( v.o. ) I be on patrol in the upper dome watch the nun parade far below when something catch my eye . Phoenix slip out of the procession . security guard ( v.o. ) one of they break free from the herd and make she way to the whisper Gallery . int . ST . paul' cathedral / geometric staircase - flashback Phoenix race up the staircase . int . ST . paul 's cathedral / whispering gallery - flashback Phoenix arrive up in the gallery and make he way round to the angel statue indicate in the pop - up book . he pull himself up onto the base of the statue , inadvertently loosen the rod that secure it to the wall . he find the letter '' a '' engrave between the angel 's wing . security guard ( v.o. ) only the good Lord know what she be do up there , but she be never go to get away with it , not while I be vice - deputy head of Security . the Security Guard appear with a mug of tea . security guard or ! Phoenix swing down to the gallery flood , put he whole body weight on the rod which secure the statue to the wall . it break free , and as Phoenix run off , the statue topples to the ground where it smashes into a thousand piece . the Security Guard grab he radio . security guard ( cont ’d ) attention all unit ! int . ST paul 's cathedral / geometric staircase - flashback Phoenix run down the stair , pull off he nun 's outfit . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 57 . security guard ( 0.s. ) a unusually attractive nun be cause mayhem in the Cathedral dome . Close in , close in . by the time Phoenix arrive at the bottom of the stair , he have transformed himself into a decrepit old archbishop . 84 int . ST . paul' cathedral / whispering gallery - flashback security guard ( v.o. ) I set off at lighten speed ... the Security Guard amble off after Phoenix . 85 ext . ST . paul' cathedral - flashback Phoenix , still dress as the archbishop , pass some other guard without receive a second glance . security guard ( v.o. ) but by the time we have lock the place down , she have disappear into the night . phoenix as archbishop good evening , gentlemen . guard good evening , you Grace . Phoenix disappear into the night . we return to the present . 86 int . ST . paul' cathedral - day the Security Guard gaze wistfully into the middle distance . security guard most beautiful woman I have see in a long time . Mary pull a pencil out of the bun in she hair . mary could you describe she ? security guard it would be my pleasure . 87 int . prison canteen - morning the prisoner sit in silence , stare at they plate . everyone have a marmalade sandwich in front of they . 88 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 58 . paddington address they from behind the counter . paddington gentlemen , for breakfast this morning , chef mcginty would like to propose a orange marmalade serve on a bed of warm crustless bread top with another piece of warm crustless bread . bon appetit . the prisoner all stare at paddington , not know how to respond . but knuckle appear at the serve hatch . knuckle two choice : take it or leave it ! knuckle slam the hatch shut . int . prison kitchen - morning paddington enter to find knuckle tidy up . paddington can see that knuckle be on edge - and think he know why . paddington be you alright , knuckle ? knuckle ( defensive ) yes . paddington why do not you come and join the other ? knuckle do not want to . paddington be you scared what they might think ? knuckle no ! what do they think ? do they like it ? do they say anything ? what do they say ? paddington well ... knuckle fly into a rage , knock pan over . knuckle they hate it . I know it ! my father always say I would amount to nothing and he be right ! 89 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 59 . paddington knuckle ! knuckle ! knuckle what ? paddington come and look . paddington open the hatch . knuckle look through to see : int . prison canteen - continuous the prisoner bite into they sandwich . they make ecstatic noise as they eat the best food they have taste in year . paddington ( to knuckle ) come on . the pair emerge into the canteen to a round of applause . knuckle be burst with amaze pride . knuckle paddington I have get a strange , warm tingle in my tum-tum . paddington I think that 's call pride , knuckle . knuckle well , I do not like it . phib stand as the applause die down . phib you get anything else ? knuckle what ?! phib ( now nervous ) you know , for pudding ? knuckle no !! phib ( sit quickly ) Fair enough . paddington I be afraid we only know how to make marmalade , so unless you know any recipe ... Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 60 . knuckle this lot ? you be waste you time with they . they would not know they pectin from they paprika . spoon pluck up he courage and stand . spoon well , my grandmother use to do a lovely chocolate roulade . I think I can remember the recipe . the Professor stand . the professor charley rumble make a mean apple crumble . charley , stand , agree with a low growl . t- bone stand . t-bone and I can do strawberry panna cotta with a pomegranate glaze . paddington well that sound wonderful . do n xot it , knuckle ? knuckle yeah ! paddington come on , then . let 's get cooking ! the calypso band play love thy neighbour as we see in time - lapse paddington transform the prison : 90 int . prison kitchen - morning ( montage ) paddington push a dessert trolley through the kitchen . as he go , the room transform from a neglect , dingy space to a sparkling temple of food , thronging with prisoner chef . spoon hand he a chocolate roulade . paddington thank you , spoon ! knuckle put a enormous cake on paddington 's trolley . paddington ( cont ’d ) woah ! knuckle there you go , paddington . 91 92 93 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 61 . paddington oh knuckle ! knuckle I need that petit four now ! we follow paddington as he go through the swing door ... int . prison canteen - day ( montage ) and serve prisoner food . the time - lapse continue as the canteen turn into a delightful tearoom around paddington . Red gingham tablecloth appear , along with centre-piece , cake stand and china tea set . the prisoner eat and drink politely and daintily . paddington pass the Professor and put knuckle 's cake before he . the Professor immediately take a piece with he hand . paddington erm , excuse I , Professor , what would aunt Lucy say ? the professor '' always use a cake fork . '' paddington well then ! the Professor put a cake fork into the cake and then lever the whole piece into he mouth . paddington set off once more and hand the warden spoon 's chocolate roulade . paddington ( cont ’d ) Care for a taste , warden ? warden thank you , paddington ! we reach the end of the canteen and paddington peel off but the camera push through the clock mechanism ... int . clock - dusk ( montage ) past the swinging pendulum as hour whizz by , then out into : int . prison atrium - dusk to night ( montage ) the camera glide down as the whole room be transformed . 94 95 96 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 62. welcome mat appear outside the bar door , along with hang basket , bunt , and fairy light . prisoner knit , dance , play chess and raise a giant crochet banner which read '' prison sweet prison '' . int . warden 's office - night the warden sit in he office at the top of the prison clock tower . by he desk be a model of the prison . he be read a bedtime story into a microphone . warden -..and it turn out the monster be not such a monster after all , and they all live happily ever after . the end . the prisoner chorus out like child want more . prisoner aw ! warden now now . you lot need you sleep . int . paddington's prison cell - night paddington be lie on he bed . we can hear the warden 's voice through the tannoy . warden ( 0.s. ) it 's visit day tomorrow . paddington stare at a photograph of himself with the Browns on he bedside table . paddington visit Day . I do hope you have good news . int . prison visiting room - day paddington sit in a small prison visiting booth . Henry , Mary , Mrs Bird and the child be on the other side of the glass , they voice come through a speaker . Judy lay out the latest copy of she newspaper . it show various sketch of Phoenix disguise as the nun , a beefeater and Henry V. Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 mary in the past month , this three shadowy individual have all be see snooping round three London landmark . judy we think the thief you see be part of a criminal gang ... jonathan use the pop - up book as a treasure map ! henry ( still unconvince ) well , it 's a theory . paddington do you know who they be ? mrs bird not yet , dearie . knuckle maybe I should take a look . knuckle have appear in the window next to paddington . henry erm , I be sorry this be a private conversation . paddington it 's alright , Mr Brown , this be my friend , knuckle . knuckle how be you ? 63 . other head start appear from all angle in the window . paddington and this be phib . phib hi . paddington spoon . spoon hello . paddington Jimmy the snitch . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 64 . jimmy the snitch a'right . paddington t-bone . t-bone wotcha . paddington Professor . the proffessor who ? paddington squeaky Pete . squeaky pete hello . paddington double bass bob. double bass bob hello . paddington Farmer Jack . old timer how do ? paddington mad dog. mad dog woof ! paddington Sir geoffrey willcot . sir geoffrey I hope I can rely on you vote ? paddington johnny cashpoint . johnny cashpoint kerch ! paddington and charley rumble . charley growl . Henry be horrify while Mary , charme . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 65 . mary it 's so lovely to meet you all . I must say it 's a great relief to know paddington 's already make such sweet friend . henry would you excuse we for a moment ? Henry presses a switch and the light goe out on the Browns 's side of the booth . he turn to Mary . henry ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? mary talk to the nice man . henry ' Nice man 's ? Mary , we can not trust this people . I mean look at they ! talk about a rogue 's gallery . hideous . as for that bearded baboon in the middle , he have not get two brain cell to rub together ... knuckle we can still hear you , Mr Brown . Henry freeze . knuckle ( cont ’d ) that be the light you turn off . microphone 's on the other side . it have '' microphone '' write on it . Judy flick the light back on . Henry swallow nervously . henry gentlemen . if I have offended you in any way -- knuckle do not worry about it . we be fond of the little fella . and let 's face it , if anyone can recognise a criminal gang , it 's we . judy we would be grateful for any help . Judy show they the picture . paddington well ? 97 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 66 . knuckle I be afraid I do not recognise any of they . lad ? the other prisoner shake they head and say ' no 's . sir geoffrey I be afraid I could not possibly comment . knuckle I be sorry to say it , kid , but you friend be bark up the wrong tree . a nun , a beefeater and a king ? sound more like a fancy dress party than a criminal gang . paddington look around , crestfallen . paddington then what be we go to do now ? ext . windsor square - morning Mary leave the house , the first flake of snow whirling in the air around she . her head elsewhere , she step out in front of the cyclist , who nearly hit she and respond angrily . cyclist watch where you be go ! Mary move out of the way as the cyclist ride away . mary sorry ! cyclist sorry ! I get grumpy when I have not have breakfast ! Mary walk past Dr jafri who leave he house and freeze . dr jafri key ! key , key ... he race back to the door , but without paddington to remind he , he do not make it in time . dr jafri ( cont 'd ) bottom ! Mary pass mr curry who be berate the binman , sit on the back of the park lorry , read he a-z atlas . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 67 . mr curry you can not park here ! binman I be not park , I be do the bin . mr curry you be not do the bin , you be study - on council time . I be go to report you . and you hat . Mary arrive at the kiosk . the Colonel be also there . mary Morning , miss Kitts . Colonel . miss kitt Morning , Mrs Brown . Mary hand miss Kitts a bundle of newspaper . mary Judy ask I to drop this off . mr curry propaganda ! colonel here come trouble . Mr curry have spot they and walk over . mr curry you be waste you time try to pedal that rubbish . everyone know you bear do it . and this street be a far better place without he . wolfie bark , perhaps protest paddington 's innocence . mr curry ( cont ’d ) oi ! it 's that mangy dog ! he set off in pursuit of wolfie . mr curry ( cont ’d ) you be go to the pound , my son . barking without a license in a build - up area . I will ticket you ! miss Kitts take the papers from Mary . miss kitt give ‘em here , Mary . I have to sell they under the counter for obvious reason but people be buy they . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 68 . mary really ? the Colonel pull a copy from he inside pocket . colonel it 's a bloomin’ good read . make a few people round here think twice about you young bear . miss kitt you just need to find that thief . mary we be try . miss Kitts 's parrot squawk . mary ( cont 'd ) I do not suppose you know where he be , do you feather ? feather he 's behind you ! mary I be sorry ? phoenix ( 0.s. ) Mary ! Mary turn to see Phoenix have appear on he balcony behind she . he beckon she into the house . mary oh hello , Phoenix . phoenix come on in . I want you to tell I all about the investigation . 98 int . phoenix 's live room - day Mary be sit in Phoenix 's live room . it be lavishly decorate with throw , rug and painting on the wall . among they be a enormous portrait of Phoenix stand on a rock in the highlands , dress in a kilt . mary mysterious thing have be happen all over town . phoenix oh yes ? Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 69 . mary strange people turn up at every landmark in that book . phoenix have they ? mary I do not know . perhaps it 's alla coincidence . Henry say I let my imagination get the better of I . phoenix well you be a artist Mary , like I . we imagination run free , like bison upon the plain . but I do fear on this particular occasion , dear old Henry might be right . mary really ? phoenix but . I do have some news that might turn you little frown upside down . it look ( finger , finger , finger ) as though the funding may be come through for my one man show . mary oh. right . phoenix a evening of monologue and song feature some of my better know character . how about a little preview ? picture the scene . darkness . then : spotlight . me. ping ! he start to sing and dance . Mary stare , astonished . phoenix ( cont 'd ) '' listen to the rain on the roof go pit pitty pat ... '' even Phoenix can not fail to notice Mary be not happy . phoenix ( cont 'd ) Mary , what 's wrong ? do not you like musical ? mary no it 's just ... it seem so strange that paddington 's in prison and yet life just carry on . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 70 . phoenix oh I know . it must be hard to accept he win , the man with the dazzle blue eye . Mary turn to he , stunne . mary what do you say ? phoenix the man on the poster . you wonderful draw ! mary but ... how do you know he have blue eye ? it 's a pencil sketch ! Phoenix try to back -pedal . phoenix oh ! well I must have ... coloured he in ! as Mary stare at Phoenix , she many identikit - style drawing flicker over he face . and the penny finally drop . int . browns 's kitchen - day Mary have just outline she theory to the family - but Henry be still not convinced . henry Phoenix Buchanan ?! mary he 's a master of disguise . henry she 's go mad . mary think about it Henry . somewhere out there be the koslova fortune . henry allege fortune . mary and knuckle say we be not look for a criminal gang . henry knuckle ? judy because there be no gang . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 71 . jonathan it be one man . mary ( smile ruefully ) and feather know all along ... henry feather ? who 's feather ? Mary realise she might have say too much . mary nobody ? henry the parrot at the news stand ?! mary erm ... henry can we return to planet earth for a moment ? Phoenix Buchanan be a highly respected , award - win actor and a member of we platinum Club . he be not a petty thief . before Mary can get a word in edgeways , Henry continue . henry ( cont 'd ) but let 's just say I be wrong , shall we ? and that the fortune teller , career criminal and parrot be right . May I remind you , you do not actually have any proof ? if anyone want I , I shall be put up poster . he leave , slamm the door behind he . judy he 's right . mrs bird well I believe you , Mary . actor be some of the most evil , devious people on the planet . they lie for a live . if we be go to catch one , we be go to need a foolproof plan . and once I have put this pie in the oven , I x11 tell you one . Mary and the child smile . 100 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 72 . int . paddington be cell - night paddington be lie in bed when he hear a metallic clang follow by a knuckle 's voice come along the pipe . knuckle ( 0.s. ) paddington ? paddington ! paddington climb up to the horizontal pipe run through he cell . he open a vent and can now hear knuckle clearly . paddington knuckle ? paddington listen as knuckle 's voice float along the pipe . knuckle get a proposition for you , kid . I and the boy have be talk , and it seem to we if you be go to clear you name , you be go to need we help . spoon the Browns may mean well but ... phib it take a thief to catch a thief . knuckle now if we could somehow get out of here , hit the street , we have find he soon enough . paddington but that would mean ... escape ?! knuckle it certainly would . and we have get a plan . but it 's a four man job and we need you help . what do you say ? paddington be sorely tempt - but remember aunt Lucy . paddington that 's very kind , knuckle , but I do not think aunt Lucy would like the idea of I busting out of chokey and go on the lam . the Browns will find the real thief . I just need to be patient . but knuckle be not finish . knuckle you may not want to hear this kid , but sooner or later , the Browns will forget you . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 73 . paddington look horrify at the suggestion - but despite himself , the word begin to seep into he mind like poison . phib they always do . spoon they 'il miss one visit . then two . knuckle and before you know it , you will not have a home to go back to . paddington shake he head , refuse to believe . paddington you be wrong , knuckle . you be all wrong . the Browns be not like that . they 's 11 come tomorrow and they 's 11l have good news , you will see . he close the vent firmly . but paddington be concerned . 101 ext . theatrical agent 's office - morning Jonathan and Judy walk up to a office building carry a basket of pastry . they ring the buzzer . judy it 's Judy Brown from the portobello Express . they be buzze in . 102 int . theatrical agent 's office - morning Jonathan and Judy sit in a office , the wall line with theatrical poster and actor 's photograph . behind the desk be flick fanshawe , a glamorous , no - nonsense agent with show - business coursing through she vein . the child be recording the conversation on dictaphone . flick so what 's this for , darling ? a school newspaper ? judy yes , career profile . we think the agent of the Phoenix Buchanan would be really interesting . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 74 . flick and you would be right , but I have get two minute so we have better make it snappy . and I be only give you that because you bring breakfast . she take a chelsea bun . flick ( cont 'd ) Nice bun by the way . 103 ext . windsor square - day the postman be walk back to he van . Mrs Bird come over . mrs bird good morning , marlon . postman Morning Mrs B. how 's paddington ? mrs bird oh he 's a tough wee bear ... as Mrs Bird keep he talk , Mary sneak round the other side of the van , carry a huge barkridge 's hamper . she check the coast be clear , then climb into the back of the van and get inside the hamper . postman well , I have better get on . mrs bird Goodbye . the postman turn back to the van just as mary close the lid from inside . he see the box and read the address label . postman '' Mr Buchanan . '' 104 int . agent 's office - day jonathan so when can we expect to see Mr Buchanan back on stage ? flick Phoenix ?! I would not hold you breath , darling . do not get I wrong , he 's a terrific actor but there 's a teensy little problem : he will not work with other people . thinks they dilute he talent . 105 106 107 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 75 . a assistant knock at the door . flick ( cont 'd ) ooh . must scoot . we be have lunch with a big Broadway producer . she stand to leave . judy where be you go ? flick where do all the big meeting happen ? the ritz , darling ! she take another bun from the basket . flick ( cont 'd ) really nice bun . ext . windsor garden - day the postman stagger up to Phoenix 's front door with mary hamper and ring the bell . from a telephone box across the road , Mrs Bird watch Phoenix open the door and take delivery of the parcel . she pick up the phone and dial . ext . telephone BOX outside agent - day Jonathan and Judy be in a different telephone box , wait for a call . they phone ring and they pick up . mrs bird ( 0.s. ) the package have be deliver . they hang up and start to dial . int . phoenix 's hallway - morning Phoenix open the hamper . it seem to be full of straw . he be about to delve into it - when he phone ring . he answer and hear he agent 's voice . flick ( 0.s. ) Phoenix ! phoenix felicity ! what a pleasant surprise . I be beginning to think you have lose my number . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 76 . 108 int . phone BOX outside agent - morning Judy and Jonathan be playing extract from the interview on they dictaphone . Judy press play . flick '' I have get two minute so we have better make it snappy . '' phoenix ( 0.s. ) ok ... Jonathan press play on the other dictaphone . flick '' we be have lunch with a big Broadway producer . '' 109 int . phoenix 's live room - morning phoenix still believe he 's in a real conversation . phoenix well that 's wonderful . where should I go ? flick ( 0.s. ) '' where do all the big meeting happen ? the ritz , darling ! '' phoenix I be on my way . flick ( 0.s. ) '' Nice bun by the way . '' 110 int . phone BOX outside agent - morning Judy have leave a tape recorder go by mistake - and it have play the wrong line . Judy stop it but they be panic . have they be rumble ? 111 int . phoenix 's live room - morning phoenix I beg you pardon ? 112 int . phone BOX outside agent - morning Jonathan have a idea - and press a button . flick '' really nice bun ! '' 113 114 115 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 77 . int . phoenix 's live room - morning phoenix look bemuse , but somewhat pleased with himself . phoenix well , thank you very much . I have never have any complaint about Mr and Mrs botty -cheek . he hang up , grab he coat and leave . as the door shut behind he , something shift in the hamper . Mary emerge from the straw . int . henry and mary 's bathroom - morning Henry , still in he pyjamas , be brush he tooth - when he glance out the window - which look out along the garden behind the house . he see Mary in phoenix 's live room . henry Mary ?! int . phoenix 's live room - morning Mary be rifling through Phoenix 's paperwork , not sure what she 's look for , when she spot a blank , use notepad . use the side of a pencil , she uncover the indentation leave from the previous note . Saturday 06:35 where all you dream come true bang bang bang ! there be a sharp knock at the window . mary jump out of her skin - but it 's just henry . Mary go and open the window . henry have you go insane ? mary I know it 's Phoenix and I be go to prove it . Henry climb through the window . henry this be break and enter ! mary we have not break anything . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 78 . Henry knock over a vase . it smashes on the floor . henry why would Phoenix steal a pop - up book ? he 's a millionaire ! mary well that 's where you be wrong . he owe money all over town . she thrust some paperwork into Henry 's hand . henry so he 's get a few bill , I mean everyone -- good grief the man spend a lot on face cream . mary he have not get a penny to he name . now come on . let 's find that book and get out of here . 116 ext . road - day Phoenix be walk down the street . he realise he have forget he cravat and turn back the way he 's come . 117 int . phoenix 's landing - day Henry and Mary stand at the top of the landing . they have searched the whole house with no luck . Mary sigh . mary we must be miss something . henry unless there 's nothing to find . can we please go ? they head downstairs . but suddenly , something catch Mary 's eye . in the landing carpet , there be two indentation . mary look , Henry , the carpet ! henry it 's lovely I ’1ll order a swatch . she look up at the panelled ceiling above she . mary give I a leg-up . Henry reluctantly do so , creak as he bend over . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 79 . mary ( cont 'd ) what 's that noise ? henry it 's I . mary gosh you really do creak . henry can we just get on with it ? he hoist she up to the ceiling where she press a ceiling panel - and it swing OPEN . a step ladder unfold , its foot landing in the two divot . mary a secret room ! henry it 's a attic . mary a secret attic . henry it 's a ordinary attic . Mary head up , follow by Henry . henry ( cont 'd ) every house on the street have one . see ? just a perfectly normal ... 118 int . phoenix be attic room - continuous Henry see Phoenix 's mannequin . henry oh my god , he 's a weirdo . mary look , Henry ! the nun ! the thief ! the King ! henry we be right ! mary we ?! henry well , I never say ... suddenly , they hear the noise of the front door open . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 80 . 119 int . phoenix 's hallway - day Phoenix come through the front door . 120 int . phoenix 's attic room - day Henry and Mary creep down the ladder and close the hatch behind they . they peer over the banister and see Phoenix go into the bathroom at the back of the hall . 121 int . phoenix 's hallway - day they get to the bottom of the stair and run to the front door but Phoenix turn back to the hall - so they have to bolt into the live room to hide . Phoenix walk through the hall and hear footstep . he grab a walking stick sword from the umbrella stand in the hall and go into the live room . phoenix hello ? who go there ? show yourself ! I be armed and school . everything seem normal - apart from one thing : henry's legs disappear behind the sofa . phoenix ( cont 'd ) Henry ? Henry sheepishly get to he foot . he can not help notice Phoenix be brandish a sword . henry hello Phoenix . phoenix what on earth be you do here ? henry I might ask you the same thing . phoenix I live here ! it 's my house . henry and I ... insure it . and for we platinum Club member , we perform a annual full home inspection to verify you security arrangement . phoenix in you pyjamas ? 122 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 81 . henry mm-hm . phoenix with you wife ? Phoenix pull back a curtain to reveal Mary , who tap the window , pretend she be inspect it . mary ... seem pretty secure . oh , hello Phoenix ! do not hear you come in . henry she help out when we be busy . phoenix well I must say that sound ... plausible . henry do it ? great . well I be delighted to say everything seem tickety - boo ... phoenix wonderful . henry so we would better get crack . Phoenix usher they towards the door . henry ( cont 'd ) I will get the boy in the office to type this up asap and hope to see you soon . phoenix absolutely . though next time , perhaps not in you pyjamas , eh ? they all laugh far too much . Phoenix shut the door and he smile drop as he dart upstairs . int . phoenix 's attic room - continuous Phoenix burst in . the pop - up book be still there , lock in he make - up table . he breath a huge sigh of relief . phoenix oh thank Larry it 's there . thank Larry , johnny and all the ghost of the avenue . phoenix as magwich that be close . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 82 . phoenix as macbeth aye . too close if you ask I . Phoenix open the book . phoenix hold you nerve , macbeth . screw you courage to the stick post . we be so nearly there . I have follow this little lady all the way across London and find every one of she clever little clue . phoenix as macbeth aye . but what do they mean ? phoenix as magwich it 's just a jumble of letter . phoenix as poirot au contraire , mon ami . they be not letter at all . they be musical note . phoenix indeed , poirot . and I believe I know just where to play they . he look at the back cover of the book , which feature a picture of the fairground organ and the word ' where all you dream come true . 's 123 ext . police station - day from outside , we can hear the Browns all talk at once . 124 int . police station - day the Browns and Mrs Bird be line up at the counter , make they case to the policewoman who arrest paddington . policewoman hold it , hold it ! that be a amazing story , but all you have prove be that Phoenix Buchanan keep he old costume . bring I some hard evidence , bring I the book with he finger print on it , and you have get a case . but until then , there 's nothing I can do . I be sorry . she walk away . the Browns be distraught . jonathan what be we go to do now ? 125 126 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 83. mary I do not know . mrs bird at least we can tell paddington we know who do it . but just then , a clock start to strike . they look up . henry oh no ! mary what be it ? judy we have miss visit . int . prison visiting room - day paddington sit in the visit booth , hold he paw . he anxiously crane he neck to look for the Browns . but a klaxon sound , mark the end of visit . and nobody have come for he . all the light go out . paddington be leave in the dark . int . paddington 's cell - night paddington lie on he bed gaze at the photograph of he with the Browns . as he do so , he face disappear from the picture . now it 's just the Browns , smile out at he without they bear . a single tear roll down he nose and splashes on the floor . but then , where the tear have fall between two stone slab , a tiny GREEN shoot appear and a leaf unfurl . as paddington watch , more and more shoot appear , grow upwards through the crack in the floor . creeper wrap themselves around the iron bar of the cell door which thicken and become tree . paddington stand up . and around he , instead of the cell , be the majesty of the peruvian rainforest . he hear a familiar sound . aunt lucy ( 0.s. ) paddington ! 127 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 84 . he look up and suddenly aunt Lucy be there before he . paddington aunt Lucy ! he race through the jungle and fly into she arm . aunt lucy what be you do here ? I think you would be at home . paddington I be afraid I have not get one any more . you see , I be in prison . and even the Browns have forget I . the jungle behind he disappear and he be back in prison . and he hear a now familiar knock at the pipe . knuckle ( 0.s. ) paddington ! paddington go and open the vent on the pipe . paddington knuckle ? knuckle tonight 's the night , kid . we leave at midnight . you want to clear you name , it 's now or never . you in ? paddington swallow , and then reply , reluctantly . paddington I be in . int . warden 's office - night the clock strike twelve . the warden stand up to leave . warden ( to himself ) right . time to call it a night . nothing much go on round here , anyway . they have be as good as gold recently . he switch out the light in the room . but the camera push into the warden 's model of the MAIN prison build and the front swing OPEN like a doll house , show a cross - section of the prison . the prisoner be all in they cell while guard patrol the staircase and corridor . 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 85 . a searchlight sweep across the entire prison complex from the watch tower above a clock on top of the central hall . in four cell on the top floor , knuckle , phib , spoon and paddington get out of bed , and drop through the floorboard . int . crawl space beneath floor - night the camera drop down through the floor with they and track along the prisoner as they crawl to the end of the building . knuckle unscrew a panel , and drop down the laundry chute . int . prison laundry - night the prisoner drop one by one onto a pile of laundry and run out through a door . int . basement storage room - night the prisoner run into a long room support by pillar . running the entire length of one wall be pigeon hole contain parcel of the prisoner 's clothes . they each grab a parcel of clothes , then paddington be lead by knuckle to a hatch which lead into the clock mechanism . int . clock pendulum - night paddington shimmy up the pendulum and at the top squeeze into the clockwork mechanism . like Charlie chaplin in modern time he ride the cog up until he be deposit on the floor of the warden 's office . int . warden' office paddington grab a key and head out of the office . int . canteen - night the prisoner use the key paddington take to let themselves into the canteen . they run through grab a pile of tablecloth on the way . int . prison kitchen - night they shimmy up to the skylight above the kitchen , carry the tablecloth , laundry basket and now a propane tank . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 86 . 135 ext . prison roof - night the prisoner wait for the searchlight to sweep past the kitchen , then climb out of the skylight and run along the roof to the shadow at the base of the watch tower . 136 ext . prison watch tower - night the light sweep over they once more and the prisoner climb to the roof above the watch tower guard . they open the basket and pull out a enormous sheet of table cloth that have be stitched together . 137 int . laundry basket - night phib open the valve of the propane tank . spoon ignites the flame . 138 int . cell - night t- bone look out the window and double-take . rising from the roof of the watch tower be a hot AIR balloon . the canopy be make of tablecloth , the basket be the laundry basket , and it 's fuelle by propane . and riding in it be knuckle , phib , spoon and paddington . t-bone good luck , little bear . 139 ext . prison exercise yard - night the balloon float over the prison wall . 140 ext . balloon basket - night Three prisoner hurl they prison hat and jacket into the sky , whooping with delight at they escape . but paddington look out at the city he love , worried about the choice he have make , scared of be a fugitive . 141 ext . london dockland - night knuckle and the other be wear the civilian clothes they take with they . paddington be back in he hat and coat . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 87 . knuckle bring she down , spoon . 142 ext . derelict factory - night the balloon come to earth by a derelict factory on the river in the east end of London . the prisoner tumble out of the basket and run through the factory to the wharf as the balloon deflate behind they . 143 ext . derelict factory / wharf - night the prisoner run up to the wharf where a seaplane wait . knuckle there she be , boy . we ticket out of here . paddington be startle by this statement . paddington what do you mean ? where be you go ? the prisoner look guiltily to one another . spoon May as well tell he , knuckle . paddington tell I what ? be not we go to clear my name ? knuckle ( sheepishly ) sorry , kid , er ... Change of plan . paddington can scarcely believe what he 's hearing . phib we be leave the country ! spoon and you be come with we ! paddington but you say ... you lie to I ! knuckle feel ashamed of the deception but genuinely believe he 's do the right thing . knuckle hey now , it 's not like that . we be do you a favour . ( more ) 144 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 88. knuckle ( cont 'd ) if we have tell you the truth you have never have come along - and it 's better this way . we 'il make marmalade together ! paddington but I do not want to , knuckle . I want to go clear my name and go home . and you say you would help ! you promise ! knuckle ( harden he heart ) sorry , kid . no can do . hear this , paddington just turn and run . spoon paddington ! knuckle let he go . if he want to get himself arrest , it 's he choice . ext . STREET / alley - night paddington walk down a main road , all alone in the world . behind he , a police car turn on its siren and drive towards he . paddington duck into a alley , screwing he eye shut and wait for the inevitable . but the Police car pass by . paddington heave a sigh of relief - and look up to see a telephone BOX in the alley . a idea occur to he . he find a single coin in he pocket , the one Mrs Bird find in he ear at breakfast . he go in to the phone box , pick up the receiver and dial . jonathan ( 0.s. ) hello ! paddington be delighted to hear he friend 's voice . paddington hello , Jonathan ! it 's pad - judy ( 0.s. ) you have reach the Brown residence ! paddington 's heart sink as he realise he 's not get through to the Browns , merely they answer - phone . jonathan ( 0.s. ) we be not in but leave a message ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 89 . the answer - phone beep . paddington hello , it 's I , paddington . 145 int . browns 's hallway - night paddington 's voice echoe in the empty hallway . paddington ( v.o. ) I hope you do not mind my call . I just want to let you know I have break out of prison and , well , I suppose I be on the run . I do not really mean to but knuckle say if we break out , he have help clear my name , and then I could come home . 146 int . phone BOX - night paddington but he 's go now and I be on my own . the pip go . paddington ( cont ’d ) I do not really know why I be call . I suppose I just want to say ... the line go dead . paddington ( cont ’d ) ... goodbye . he hang up , he heart ready to burst . he pick up he case and walk away from the phone box . but then , behind he , the telephone ring . scarcely dare to believe , he turn and race to the phone . paddington ( cont ’d ) hello ? mary ( 0.s. ) paddington ? relief flood through paddington . paddington yes ! yes , it 's paddington ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 90 . 147 int . browns 's house / phone BOX - night Mary beckon Henry - who be just come in from poster - to join she and the rest of the family at the phone . paddington I be so sorry I escape , Mrs Brown but I think you have forget I . mrs bird we would never forget you , paddington ! henry paddington ?! mary you be family ! judy and we know who the thief be ! jonathan Phoenix Buchanan ! paddington Mr Buchanan ?! mrs bird but he 's disappear into thin air . Mary look at the piece of paper she take from he house . mary we have be look for he at every landmark in that book , every last page . paddington ' where all you dream come true 's . mary why do you say that ? paddington it be write on the last page of the pop - up book . always make I think of aunt Lucy . mary that 's funny . I find the exact same phrase on a piece of paper at Phoenix 's house . judy I be sure I have see that before . Judy look at the cover of a old copy of she newspaper . it have the picture of Phoenix and paddington open the fair . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 91 . on the organ behind they be the fairground organ , and on that , the word ' where all you dream come true ! 's henry the organ ! jonathan that must be where Madame kozlova hide she fortune . henry then let 's get to the fair ! judy too late . they be leave today . judy ( cont 'd ) from paddington Station . mary ( look at she paper ) at 6.35 . mrs bird there 's still time . henry paddington , get to the station . if we can find Phoenix and get hold of that book , he fingerprint will prove everything . 148 int . phone BOX - night paddington but that 's mile away , Mr Brown , I will never ... paddington hear the distinctive horn of the bin lorry and look down the alley to see mr barne , the binman . paddington ( cont ’d ) I will see you there . 149 ext . london street - night paddington ride the dustbin lorry as it drive through town . Cars screech to a halt around they . mr barne clear the road ! this be a refuse emergency ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 92 . 150 ext . windsor garden - night Mr curry be stand by the newspaper kiosk he dress gown with a loud hailer . a homemade neighborhood ' panic board 's sit in the road next to he . mr curry fellow citizen . this be you Community Defence Force Commander . the neighbour come to they window , wake by the sound . mr curry ( cont ’d ) I have just receive intelligence the bear have escape from prison and may be head this way . I be raise the neighborhood panic level to '' Wild hysteria '' . he shift the arrow on he board from '' extremely jittery '' to '' Wild hysteria '' . the Browns run out of they house towards they car . mary get out of the way , Mr curry . judy paddington 's not head this way . jonathan he 's go to clear he name . mrs bird and we be go to bring he home ! mr curry we do not want he here ! Henry stop and approach he . and as he speak , the neighbour begin to understand the truth of he word . henry of course you do not ! you never have . you take one look at that bear and you make up you mind . well paddington 's not like that . he look for the good in all of we and somehow , he find it . he would not hesitate if any of we need help . so stand aside , Mr curry , because we be come through ! Henry try to start the car . but it stall . mr curry oh very good ! you plan seem to have stall . like you vehicle . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 93 . but suddenly the car begin to move . Henry look around , amaze , to see the neighbour have gather around they car and be push it . dr jafri second gear , clutch down , Mr Brown . colonel after three ? Three ! mr curry what 's go on ? what be you do ? do not push that vehicle ! dr jafri bring paddington home . the car roar into life and head toward the newspaper kiosk . Mr curry jump out of the way as the car run over the panic board . the neighbour all cheer in relief . 151 ext . paddington station / entrance ramp - night the dustbin lorry pull up at the station . the Bin man jump down , take the plastic sleeve off a litter bin by the entrance , and put it over paddington . mr barne now paddington , keep you head down and remember , you be a bin . 152 int . paddington station / concourse - night the bin walk across the concourse , mutter to itself . paddington ( 0.s. ) you be a bin , you be a bin , just a ordinary bin , go for a walk . he suddenly freeze as he see a dozy policeman approach , eat a doughnut . he duck as the policeman put half a doughnut in the bin . paddington ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) thank you ! the policeman freeze . that be weird . paddington ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) nothing to see here , Officer , just a bin . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 94 . the policeman shrug and go on he way . paddington pop up , eat the doughnut . paddington ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's quite good be a bin . 153 ext . road bridge near paddington station - night the Browns 's car race over a bridge near paddington . Beyond the station be the first gleam of the winter dawn . 154 int . paddington station / platform 1 - night paddington wait in the bin by the Fair train , watch a train porter approach . it 's phoenix in disguise . 155 ext . paddington station / entrance - night the Browns pull up at the station and leap out of the car . 156 int . paddington station / platform 1 - night a whistle be blow and the train start to move . Phoenix hop onto the platform at the back of the fairground organ truck in the middle of the train . paddington cast off the bin , and leap onto the platform at the front of the rear truck as the train pick up speed . the Browns run onto the platform as the train pull away . henry paddington ! they run faster , draw near the move train . paddington lean out from the rear truck and call to they . paddington Mr Brown ! quickly ! he 's on board ! Henry reach out , almost touch the last truck . but the train pull away from they - and it 's go . paddington ( cont ’d ) do not worry , I 'il handle it myself . the Browns stand at the end of the platform , bereft . mary we have get to catch up with that train . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 95 . henry but how ? on the platform behind they , another steam train whistle . Jonathan turn to see the belmond british pullman idling on the next platform . jonathan I have get a idea . 157 int . pullman carriage - night the judge and he wife be sit in a smart carriage . a steward come and offer they champagne . steward good morning madam , sir. May I offer you a glass of champagne ? wife oh how lovely ! thank you very much . judge very civilise . Nice to have a break after all I have be through with that beastly bear . wife do not you think you be a little harsh on he , darling ? judge harsh , gertrude ? nonsense . in life , people get what they deserve . 158 int . pullman cab - night Jonathan be start the train . the rest of the family look on , amaze by he expertise . jonathan boiler pressure , 225 . Water , half a glass . Air brake , off . judy Nice work , j-dog ! jonathan my name 's not j- Dog . it 's Jonathan Brown . and I like steam train . he pull a lever and the train lurch forward . 159 160 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 96 . int . pullman carriage - night the sudden lurch make the steward slosh champagne all over the judge , who be immediately irate . steward I be so sorry , sir . judge get off I ! get off ! the judge 's wife start shushing he . judge ( cont 'd ) do not shush I , gertrude . I have just be spill upon by chill liquid ! wife Gerald ? I want you to shush . the judge be silence . judge yes gertrude . int . sea plane - dawn spoon pilot the plane high over the English countryside while knuckle tune a portable radio . radio four convict make a dare escape from portobello prison last night . the prisoner all appear to have vanish without a trace ... the three prisoner be delighted : they have get clean away . radio ( cont 'd ) ... except paddington Brown , who be see board a train bound for bristol . Police be close in and expect to make a arrest soon . the prisoner be visibly deflate by the news . phib look out of the window at the railway line far below . phib poor little guy . he must be somewhere down there right now . probably scared half to death . spoon should not we help he , knuckle ? 161 162 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 97 . knuckle if we go down there now , they will not just lock we up , they 's 1ll throw away the key . spoon I know but ... he 's we friend . knuckle we stick to the plan . I do not do nuthin for no - one for nuthin . but as he look out of the window , he eye fill with tear . ext . countryside - day the Fair train race away from London and into rural England . the camera push in towards the front truck which contain the fairground organ . int . fair train / organ truck - day Phoenix walk into the organ truck , take off the wig he wear to disguise himself as the porter . he pull a tarpaulin off the fairground organ . he look at one of the mannequin figure on the organ : the magician . phoenix well , grandfather , the moment of truth . he take the pop - up book from he bag and turn to the first page , Tower Bridge . phoenix ( cont 'd ) ape he press the corresponding note on the organ keyboard . a light appear . phoenix ( cont 'd ) it 's work . he start put in the other note , but at the far end of the carriage , paddington be watch through the window . he spot the book , a hatch in the roof above it , and remember Henry 's word . henry ( v.o. ) if we can find that book , he fingerprint will prove everything . paddington look around and spot a barrel of toffee apple . a plan begin to formulate in he mind . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 163 int . pullman cab - day 98. Judy be lean out of the cab . look through she camera 's telephoto lens she can see paddington climb towards the roof with a couple of toffee apple . henry what 's he do ? judy I do not know ! henry paddington ! judy he can not hear we ! Henry swing inside . henry can this thing go any faster ? jonathan I can try but we need more coal ! mary I be on it . henry try to pull alongside . I be go across . judy I ' 1l come with you . henry Judy ... mrs bird just you try and stop we . henry come on then . he swing out of the cab . 164 ext . fair train / organ truck - day paddington climb up onto the roof . use the toffee apple like sucker , he make the windy roof to the skylight above Phoenix 's he way along head . suddenly , he spot a tunnel approach and have to limbo backward to avoid be squash . 165 166 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 99 . he emerge from the tunnel , cover in soot , and continue towards Phoenix . ext . between the train - day Henry , Judy and Mrs Bird climb out onto the front of the engine . Henry help Mrs Bird and Judy onto the fair train . lastly , he reach out with one leg and get one foot on the platform at the back of the fair train . but suddenly the track part and Henry find he legs be pulled wide apart between the two train . chakrabatics instructor ( 0.s. ) open you mind and you leg will follow . Henry go into a zen state and manage to do the split . but then , suddenly , he spot a telegraph pole rush towards he and scream for help . luckily , Mrs Bird hear he , run back to the platform and pull he to safety . henry thank heaven for chakrabatics . int . fair train / organ truck - day phoenix be put in the last of the code . above he , paddington open the hatch and look down . phoenix '' E " . and " E . " suddenly the whole fairground organ light up . Phoenix step forward , hypnotise by the splendour of what he 's see . behind he , paddington swing through the skylight , use the toffee apple like sucker to hang from the roof . with a whirring of cog , the organ begins to OPEN . the pipe sink down , and the mannequin of Madame koslova rise into the body of the machine , expose a complex clockwork mechanism . behind Phoenix , paddington creep along towards the book , the sound of the toffee apple mask by the sound of the organ . meanwhile , a treasure BOX rise out of the organ mechanism . Phoenix stare , entrance , as the box open , revealing its treasure : pile of gold jewellery , trinket and diamond . phoenix ( cont 'd ) hello ! 167 168 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 100 . behind he , paddington manage to grab the book - and start inching he way back towards the skylight . phoenix ( cont 'd ) be not you pretty ! West end , here I come ! suddenly the organ stop play and now Phoenix can hear the sound of the toffee apple on the roof behind he . he turn round to see paddington , upside down , nose to nose with he . paddington Morning , Mr Buchanan . Phoenix step back , astound and accidentally kick the organ keyboard . the treasure BOX slam shut and the pipe descend , hide the treasure . phoenix nott !!! Phoenix try to put the code back in as paddington scramble out onto the roof with the book . phoenix ( cont 'd ) d...g ... ( no luck ) d...e ... find he can not remember the code , he run after paddington . phoenix ( cont 'd ) come back with that book ! int . fair train / chair-o-plane truck - day Henry , Mrs Bird and Judy run through the chair-o- plane . ext . fair train / roof - day Phoenix climb onto the roof and chase the bear . phoenix where do you think you be go , bear ? it 's a train ! it come to a end , like all of we ala . paddington look round to see that he have , indeed , reach the back of the train . he skid to a halt , only just avoid fall off the train . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 101 . phoenix ( cont 'd ) whoops ! paddington turn to see Phoenix stride towards he . phoenix ( cont 'd ) exit bear , pursue by a actor . but suddenly he fall through a skylight into a truck below . 169 int . fair train / sideshow truck - day Phoenix sit up to see Henry , Judy and Mrs Bird . mrs bird Phoenix Buchanan . phoenix Mrs Bird ?! mrs bird so now you remember ! phoenix and she 's bring the cavalry ! a little girl and a insurance man . ( mock fear ) what be I go to do ? henry ( raise he fist ) I will tell you exactly what I be go to do . I be go to bloomin’ well biff you on the nose . Phoenix grab a sword -swallower 's sword from the wall and brandish it professionally . phoenix not a very good idea . stage combat level four . Mrs Bird grab a gun from a rack at he end of the carriage . mrs bird well where I come from , laddie , they teach you never to bring a knife to a gunfight . phoenix I think you will find that fire plastic dart . Mrs Bird fire a gun - and the dart stick onto Phoenix 's forehead . he pull it off with a pop . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 102 . mrs bird so it do . phoenix whereas this sword be razor sharp . he slice he sword through some stuff animal . the Browns jump , terrify . he start walk they back into the next carriage , grab some handcuffs on he way . phoenix ( cont 'd ) back you go . 170 ent . fair train / rear truck - day the two train line be come together again . paddington climb down from the roof to the platform at the back of the rear truck where he first climb on . 171 int . pullman carriage - day the steward be serve the judge a enormous pudding . steward and for you , sir , the jumbo pavlova . at that moment , he look out to see paddington on the train wave towards he . paddington afternoon , you honour . the hair 's look lovely . it 's all too much for the judge , who pass out into he pudding . 172 ext . fair train / rear truck - day paddington be suddenly amaze to spot mrs brown in the driver 's cab at the other end of the train . paddington mrs brown ! mary paddington ! slow down , Jonathan . Jonathan put on the brake , bring the pullman cab into line with paddington . but the train be still a good thirty foot apart - with no obvious way of get across . paddington see he suitcase and have a idea . 173 174 175 176 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 103 . int . fair train / galloper truck - day Henry , Mary and Mrs Bird have be handcuff to some pole . Phoenix check they be securely fastened . phoenix good , good , excellent . now for you furry friend . ext . fair train / rear truck - day paddington open he suitcase and pull out he telescopic ladder . he wedge the top end of the ladder into a gap in the floorboard of the platform at the back of the train . paddington climb onto the bottom end of the ladder and start winding it out towards the pullman , hope to create a bridge between the two train . suddenly , Phoenix appear at the door and spot paddington . phoenix coo-ee ! he try to go through the door - but it 's lock . he throw a shoulder against it . int . fair train / galloper truck - day judy what be we go to do ? Mrs Bird pull a pin out of she hair . mrs bird do not worry . I know a little trick Harry houdini use to do . she start work at the lock of she handcuffs with the pin . ext . between the train - day Phoenix be still bashing against the door . the wood start to splinter . meanwhile , paddington have make he way to the far end of the ladder , but still can not quite reach Mary . and just then , Phoenix break through door . he hit the retract button on the extendable ladder . paddington be pulled back into he arm . 177 178 179 180 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 104 . Phoenix grab the book , hurl paddington into the rear truck , and bolt the door , trapping he inside the last truck . ext . fair train - day Phoenix pull the pin between the two truck , separate paddington 's from the rest of the train . phoenix bye bye , bear . he lean out and use the pin to knock a track - side lever . the point shift , send paddington 's truck hurtle onto a different track . Phoenix turn back inside but stop in he track , stand in the middle of four coconut on stand . we crash zoom as he see the Browns have escape from they handcuffs and stand at the far end of the next truck . Judy take a photograph , while Henry pick up a coconut shy ball , and throw it . it travel through clean the two truck and connect with phoenix 's forehead - knock he cold . henry bullseye ! ext . railway - day paddington 's truck have leave the main railway line and be now hurtle through a siding . he be throw around as it crash through the buffer at the end of the siding . it hurtle down a slope , crash through foliage , over a cliff and into the murky water of a river below . int . pullman driver 's cab - day Mary have see the disaster from they cab . mary stop the train , Jonathan . Jonathan pull the brake lever . ext . viaduct - day the pullman shriek to a halt on a viaduct . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 105 . 181 int . runaway fair truck - day paddington 's truck be sinking into the river . he try to open the door - but it will not give . 182 ext . viaduct - day Mary jump off the train . mary Jonathan . go and get help . 183 int . runaway fair truck - day paddington heave , but the door still will not give , and the carriage be fill with water . 184 ext . viaduct - day Mary run to the side of the bridge . 185 ext . underwater - day the runaway truck land at the bottom of the river . 186 ext . viaduct - day Mary pull off she coat and dive into the water . 187 ext . underwater - day Mary cut through the water , swim down towards the truck . 188 int . runaway fair truck - day a few inches of AIR have be trap towards the top of the truck , but they be disappearing fast . paddington hear a metallic noise from the other side of the door as Mary work the lock from the outside . he take a final breath and sink under the water . 189 ext . underwater - day Mary have unbolted the door . she heave it OPEN , inch by inch . she can see paddington 's face through the crack in the door . 190 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 106 . but then the door stop moving . Mary look frantically around for the problem . she see that the door have be chained shut . Mary and paddington tug at the chain together with all they might - but it 's no good . the chain be just too strong . paddington reach through the gap in the doorway and take mary hand with he paw . they gaze at each other , know the end be upon he . but suddenly ... a shadow cross he eye . he look up to see the silhouette of a seaplane landing on the water above they ! he can hear distant voice . there be three splashes as people dive in . and then ... someone else be at the door ! it 's knuckle ! phib and spoon follow in he wake . together , they all pull at the door . and slowly , inexorably , the chain break . Mary grab paddington and pull he towards the surface . ext . riverbank - day Mary , knuckle and paddington surface , gasp for breath . paddington knuckle ! you come back ! knuckle can not make marmalade on my own , now , can I ? paddington smile - and then pass out . mary paddington ? he 's burn up . knuckle best get the little fella to bed . they climb out of the water as Henry , Jonathan , Judy and Mrs Bird appear on the bank . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 107 . henry Mary ! judy mum ! joanthan paddington ! mary he 's not well . knuckle he will be fine . wo not you , little buddy . 191 ext . windsor garden - three day later snow fall in the street . the camera crane up towards paddington 's attic window and through into he room . 192 int . paddington be attic room - day paddington lie asleep in bed , surround by the family . Mrs Bird be take he temperature . as she remove the thermometer from he mouth , he eyelid flutter and he wake up . jonathan paddington ! paddington where be i? mary take it easy , now . mrs bird you give we a wee scare , but you be home now . paddington 's face light up . paddington Home ? judy that 's right . look ! Judy hand he a newspaper : '' exclusive ! paddington freed ! Dog food actor arrested . '' jonathan the police realise they have make a terrible mistake . 193 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 108 . henry Phoenix Buchanan have be arrest and , I might add , be no longer a member of we platinum Club . mrs bird you be a free bear . paddington how long have I be asleep ?! jonathan Three day ! paddington Three day ? but that mean ... judy it 's aunt Lucy 's birthday . a little spark go out in paddington 's eye . paddington oh . and I never send anything . mary it 's alright , paddington . paddington but it be not alright Mrs Brown . aunt Lucy do so much for I when I be a cub - and all I ever really want to do be to make she proud . but now she 's go to wake up on she birthday with no present and think I have let she down completely . mrs bird och you great goose , she will not think that at all ! paddington wo not she ? henry come with we . he take paddington by the paw and lead he downstairs . int . the browns 's staircase - continuous paddington look over the banister to see the hallway be full of people . it seem like the whole neighbourhood have come to wish he well . mr gruber he 's here ! Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 109 . the neighbour erupt into cheer and applause . paddington what be you all do here ? miss kitt we want to say thank you . paddington thank you ? ms peter for everything you have do for we . paddington me? the crowd agree . colonel if it be not for you , we would never have meet . bin man you help I pass my exam . dr jafri and I would be permanently lock out of my house . the crowd laugh - but all paddington can think be how amaze he be that he mean so much to they . henry I have say you have rather a lot to be proud of . mr gruber when we hear the police need the book as evidence we think we have get aunt Lucy another present . dr jafri we all clubbed together . colonel I pull in a few favour from my old air force buddy . cyclist and we think she 's go to love it . paddington look baffle . paddington but ... what be it ? Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 110 . mary you want to get that book so aunt Lucy could see London , do not you ? paddington it be always she dream . mary well we think , why look at London in a book , when she could see the real thing ? just then , the doorbell ring . paddington look up at Mary , not dare to believe . mary ( cont 'd ) why do not you go and answer it ? paddington go to the front door and open it . and there , stand in the snow , be aunt Lucy . the Young bear 's face light up in perfect joy . he fly into she arm and nuzzle against she . aunt lucy oh , paddington . paddington happy birthday , aunt Lucy . in paddington 's eye , we see he happiness be complete . the end . 194 195 Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 111. credit . as the credit roll , paddington 's scrap book appear on screen . as the page turn , we discover what happen next . - paddington and aunt Lucy tour London , they journey commemorate with snapshot and ticket stub : mammal Mia , bearfoot in the Park , the Winter 's tail . - knuckle , phib and spoon be parole . the portobello Express note that the judge describe they as change man . they plan to open a cafe call '' knuckle 's Sandwiches '' . - Mary swim the channel . but she forget she passport and have to swim back again . - Jonathan give up the name j- Dog and start the steam team , which prove surprisingly popular among he classmate . - Henry finally get he promotion , have prove that he be not too old for anything . - a final newspaper headline in the scrapbook announce ' phoenix buchanan sentenced today .' under the headline be a picture of the judge , which come to life ... judge Phoenix Buchanan you have prove yourself a heinous criminal . Phoenix whimper . judge ( cont 'd ) and a disgrace to the noble profession of act . Phoenix howl with self pity . judge ( cont 'd ) I hereby sentence you to ten year in prison - and suggest you use you time behind bar wisely . as Phoenix listen to this word , a change come over he . phoenix I shall you honour . I shall . ext . prison - day a caption read six month later . Post additional photography draft 2 - 06.08.17 112. 196 int . prison atrium - day Phoenix be in prison , perform a extravagant musical version of '' rain on the roof '' . but instead of perform on he own , he now be part of a company with the other inmate . they finish the routine and the prison crowd go wild . phoenix thank you my darling , thank you . it seem I do not need the West end at all , just a captive audience . the crowd laugh at he terrible joke . phoenix ( cont 'd ) honestly , what be I like ? Guards , lock I up ! oh wait , you have !