pain and glory original script by pedro almodovar '' pedro almodovar , m-007585/2017 1 . park . ext . day . salvador and mercede , stand in front of a hole in the ground , it be not very deep ( about 2 _ foot ) everything seem to show that it be mercede who dig it , or someone who be pay and leave as soon as he be finish . manolo the cat , salvador 's pet , be lie at the bottom , in a wicker basket . salvador push the earth with he foot and it fall on the basket . cut . in the same park . mercede be about 50 , she have spend half she life at salvador 's side , as he assistant in everything . even though he no longer work , they keep in touch . mercede be the close thing to a family that salvador have . efficient , warm , loyal , special , intelligent and not at all intrusive . there be no secret between they or , if there be , they be minimal and the result of respect . mercede and salvador walk sadly through the park in which the cat 's remain now rest . mercede do you want I to bring you a cat from cedillo ? or two , so they be company for each other . salvador no , I can not bend down to stroke they or to put out they food . mercede if they want to be stroke , they 's 1l get up on the furniture . and Maya can put out they food , like she do with manolo . salvador no , no . manolo be the last one . he say it as if talk about a last love . they sit on a bench . mercede take a pile of papers from she purse . salvador sit on the edge of the bench , he torso upright . mercede I know that it 's almost always no to everything , but they be do a retrospective of you in Finland and they have invite you to attend . ( salvador shake he head . ) and there be exhibition by Antonio Lopez , De chirico and gordillo . salvador mercede , you have to tell they that you do not look after my correspondence anymore . mercede but someone have to reply about the retrospective , the tribute , the exhibition . you film be still alive in the world , salvador . ( and let I remind you that so be you . ) 2 . HOTEL miguel angel . swimming pool . int . day . ( the film could start here ) the heat pool be empty . we discover salvador totally submerge in the water and completely motionless , he knee slightly bent and he arm outstretch , as if support by invisible armrest . ( underwater shot . ) weightlessness keep he in this posture . he just have to control he breathe . it 's the most similar sensation to be bodiless . his head slowly emerge , only as far as he neck , the rest of he body remain motionless in the same posture . he keep he eye close , he breathes steadily . his head submerges again . in this position he body do not suffer any muscular 's tension . neck , back shoulder , knee , the lumbar region , all stiffness disappear . as he do not feel he body , he mind , volatile , be like a open window through which the light and the evening breeze enter . undoubtedly , the most pleasant sensation of the day . 3 . river . ext . day ( early 60s ) the water in the pool transport we to the current ina river , in the early 60 . salvador be a child of three or four who accompany he mother to wash clothes in the river of he home village . a very bucolic scene . salvador sit astride he mother 's lumbar region ( as if she be a mule ) while jacinta carry on wash clothes on the wooden washboard . she be accompany by rosita , marisol and paqui , all with they respective washboard in the water . it 's hard work which the woman do cheerfully . when the sequence start , they be laugh and little salvador be overjoy . rosita I have like to be a man so I could swim naked in the river . jacinta what a idea , rosita ! Little salvador ride happily on he mother 's back . jacinta ( to rosita ) before you jump in , lift he off I , he 's break my back . rosita get up , take hold of the child and lift he off he mother . she put he at she side , on the river bank . she give he a stick so he can play with the water . it look as if the child be fishing , but he like listen to the woman . 4 . river . ext . day . ( cont ’d ) when she 's on she foot , rosita ask marisol to help she hang out the sheet . rosita help I hang out the sheet , mari . marisol sing something for we , rosita . each take a handle of the basin with rosita 's clean clothes and they walk over to some clump of reed and pennyroyal . rosita start to sing a tu vera . rosita a tu vera , a tu vera , siempre a la verita tuya , siempre a la verita tuya aunque yo de pena muera . salvador play with the stick in the water . jacinta and paqui sing the song while they scrub the clothes on the wooden washboard . salvador look at he mother in profile , with she skin gleam with sweat , a straw hat and a headscarf to tie back she hair and protect she from the sun . jacinta smile back at the child as she sing . the soap , make at home from fat leave over from cooking , do not produce foam but it leave ( non-contaminating ) lump on the surface of the water . for the little fish , the lump be delicious and they come up to the surface in little shoal . the child study that natural fishbowl , fascinate , and chase after they with he stick . mother look , the little soap fish be here . do not you move , salvita . paqui , will you help I with the basin ? the two woman take the basin full of clean clothes and go over to where rosita and marisol be sing . they all sing . the child watch they from the river bank . it 's a image full of life and cheerfulness . this be one of the few memory that salvador will have of he mother cheerful and sing . at the age of three , salvador do not realize that this will be one of the happiest moment in he life . everything be perfect , the water in the river , the fish in he hand , the snow - white sheet spread over reed and pennyroyal , he mother smile , and the woman sing a tu vera . 5 . HOTEL miguel angel . swimming pool . int . day . ( the present ) a underwater shot travel over salvador 's body from the waist up . a large scar divide he back from the sacrum to the dorsal region . when the camera be arrive at he shoulder , the present day salvador 's head emerge to reality . he remain in the hotel pool for a few moment . 6 . HOTEL miguel angel . cafeteria . day . salvador cross the spacious cafeteria of the Hotel miguel angel with a medium -size sport bag . he walk in a peculiar way , with he torso rigid and he shoulder slightly slant forward , but not so much as to attract attention . sitting at a table be Zulema goldstein , have a coffee and check she iphone . she look up , pensive , and see salvador in the distance . she hesitates at first , but when he be about to pass she table she call to he , delighted . zulema salva ! salvador be walk along , distract . he look at she . although he be near the woman , he have trouble recognize she . zulema I be Zulema ! salvador go up to she and give she a kiss . salvador Zulema ! zulema what a surprise ! this be wonderful ! have you time for a coffee or be you in a hurry ? salvador , with a effort , sit on the edge of the armchair . Zulema be more or less salvador 's age ( 60 ) , but she look young . attractive , she take very good care of herself . they almost fail to recognize each other , but both conceal that . she speak with a = soft argentinean accent . cut . 7 . HOTEL miguel angel . bar . int . day salvador have he cup of coffee on the little table . Zulema drink white wine . they delight at meeting like this be authentic . zulema if you do not write or film , what be you go to do ? salvador ( ironic-bitter ) live , I guess . zulema I can not live without act . and it 's get harder all the time , but I do almost anything . salvador do you see alberto ? I think he be in Argentina . zulema no . he be in Mexico . he work on several soap but then he come back here . I meet he at a latino Film Festival on the mayan riviera . and he be charming , high of course , but it be lovely to meet up with he again . have you see he ? salvador no , I have not see he since the premiere of sabor . zulema ( surprise by the question and by the pass of time ) but that be 30 year ago ! salvador thirty two . you know , I see the film again last week . zulema have not you see it again ? salvador not since it open , and I should not say this , but it move I . zulema I have always love it ! salvador the cinematheque have restore the negative and they be go to have several screening . they have ask I to present it and I think it would be a nice idea to do it with alberto . zulema I be delighted you do not bear he a grudge . salvador the bastard never do the character that I have write . at the time I want to kill he , but I really do not bear he a grudge . Zulema nod , she 's very familiar with the story . she witness it , she be live in Madrid at that time . salvador see the film now ... he performance be better than thirty year ago . zulema it 's you eye that have change , darling . the film be the same . salvador do you know how to contact he ? Zulema look on she cell phone . zulema he tell I he be live in El escorial , in someone 's house . he only work occasionally , but he look well , without give up you - know - what . Zulema drink from she glass of white wine . zulema I be surprised that you be the one who be not work . I always think you be the kind who never retire . salvador so do i. Zulema look on she phone , search for alberto 's number , and she write it on one of the hotel 's coaster . she hand it to he . zulema here , I have put my number too , in case you get bored one day and write something that only I can do . there 's a piano in the hotel lobby . the pianist have just sit down . he start to play a melody . 8 . school . large multi - use gym . int . day . ( 1966 ) we continue to hear the same melody , this time play by a priest in the school 's large gym . the floor have various geometrical mark ( make with different color strip of adhesive tape stick to the parquet floor ) for practice different sport . one of the side wall be cover with gym bar . the priest and the piano be at the far end . the door open and a group of young boy in short pants come in . pupil . they be accompany by a big-bottom priest who signal to they to form up in two line next to the piano . once the line be form , the big - bottome priest disappear . the first priest , at the piano , finish the song he 's play . he show off happily in front of the boy , but the boy do not feel comfortable . he turn to they , try to be jovial . the boy look at he , fearful and rigid . priest good morning , boy . the first thing we be go to do be choose who will be in the choir . the boy look at each other , not know how to take this . priest have anyone sung in a choir before ? if so , raise you hand . no one react . priest well , we will try you out . he point to the first boy in the line . he have to insist to get he to come up to the piano . the boy look at he nervously , he arm hang at he side . priest what 's you name ? rodolfo rodolfo . priest ( friendly ) well , rodolfo , let 's see how you vocalize . he play a arpeggio on the piano and repeat it with the letter U . priest cu cu cu ... repeat it with I . the boy try it , he 's horribly off key . cut . 9 . school . large gym . int . day ( 1966 ) the priest continue the audition with another boy . evaristo . he play a piece of a melody on the piano ( interval with ta rarr rarr ) . he make he repeat it with increasingly higher note . this way he can check if he have a good ear and also he tessitura . the result be even worse than the previous one , the boy sing off key with impunity , they be unaware of it . cut . 10 . school . large gym . int . day ( 1966 ) salvador have take evaristo 's place next to the piano . he do not seem nervous . priest what 's you name ? salvador child salvador . priest a lovely name . do you like sing ? salvador child yes . priest well , at last , someone who like sing . the priest test he vocalization , ear and tessitura . salvador sing everything without the slight difficulty . the priest be delighted . salvador off that 's how I become the soloist in the choir . 11 . school . theater stage . int . day . ( 1966 ) the boy who make up the choir , with salvador in the center , form a group of some fifteen or twenty child . they rehearse on the stage of the school 's theater . they be accompany on the stage by the priest who choose they . he seem happy . he enjoy be on the stage . priest we will warm up that voice , boy . the priest make extreme sound , a selection of deep , screeching , high pitch or pierce sound , note which fall into the abyss or fly upwards , and which the boy repeat like a echo ( the sound that the priest propose to they ) . the priest orchestrate the long note with he arm in a kind of very rich , sonorous polyphony . during this abstract melody we hear salvador off screen . salvador off the priest decide that I would not attend geography or history class , or science or history of art . for the first three year of high school , I spend that period rehearse . and I always pass . they make I a total ignoramus who pass every subject without take the exam . 12 . geography . the screen be fill with the word geography , as the title of the follow chapter . a musical theme dialogue with salvador 's off - screen text without interfere with what he say . the same theme will link with anatomy . salvador off with time , I become a film director and I start to learn Spanish geography while travel to promote the film I direct . both geography and anatomy function as two clip , whose lyric be salvador 's monologue . the image be animated and must be illustrative and didactic , in they own way . they be see as independent piece of animated drawing , design by Juan gatti . salvador off I travel because I be successful . my knowledge of geography coincide with my growth as a filmmaker . 13 . anatomy the caption anatomy fill the screen . ( in this case gatti 's animated drawing show the organ that he mention , the ailment he allude to , include that of a abstract nature , like panic or depression . ) salvador off I start to get to know my body through pain and illness . I live the first thirty year with relative abandon , but I soon discover that my head and what be inside it , as well as be a source of pleasure and knowledge , also carry within it endless possibility for pain . salvador off I soon become acquainted with insomnia , chronic pharyngitis , otitis , reflux , ulcer and intrinsic asthma . nerves in general and the sciatic in particular . and all kind of muscular pain , lumbar , dorsal and tendinitis , in both knee and shoulder . we hear a noise , like a cicada , synthetic - sounding , a continuous , jarring , very unpleasant note . salvador off this be tinnitus . I have that too . we hear the so-called bronchial and pulmonary '' whistle '' , very fine , smooth sound , like a ghostly psychophony , voice of child lose in the darkness ask for help . salvador off this be wheeze and whistle . I also suffer from they . in addition to the tinnitus and wheeze , my specialty be headache , migraine , tension headache or cluster headache , and back pain . after the spinal fusion operation ( which immobilize more than half my back ) , I discover that my life would revolve around my _ spinal column . I become aware of each one of my vertebrae and the number of muscle and ligament that make up the mythology of we organism and that , as with the Greek god , we only way of relate be through sacrifice . but not everything be so physical and illustratable . I also suffer from abstract hardship , pain in the soul , such as panic and anxiety , which add anguish and terror to my life . and naturally I have deal for year with depression . 14 . road to EL escorial . alberto 's STREET . taxi . int. / ext . day . salvador be inside a taxi . the voiceover continue over he face . salvador off on the night when various pain coincide ... that night I believe in God and I pray to he . the day when I only suffer one kind of pain , I be a atheist . when the voiceover end the taxi arrive . 15 . EL escorial . alberto 's STREET . ext . day . ( the present ) he get out of the taxi with difficulty . once outside , he take a deep breath of the cold air bath by a transparent sun . come from Madrid , he appreciate it . he 's hold the coaster where Zulema write down alberto 's address and phone number . he put it back in he pocket . salvador check the street number and buzze the entry phone . a voice ask who it be . salvador alberto ? it 's salvador . alberto off salvador who ? salvador salvador mallo . alberto come down and open the gate which lead to a kind of garden and lawn . a modest , pleasant place . 16 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . landing . int . day . alberto wear comfortable clothes , for loung around the house . his hair be uncomb , he expression be not very welcoming . without invite he in : alberto ( puzzle ) what be you do here ? salvador I have to talk to you . alberto about what ? salvador about sabor . will you ask I in ? 17 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . int . day . there be a patio with a lawn and some plant . not much furniture . it 's a little detach house that must have know better time . the live area be minimal . you enter through the kitchen which lead to a live room which , in turn , lead to a neutral exterior space . the important thing be that this second exterior patio lead to a grove of fir tree that brighten up the view from the window . in this second exterior area there be only one old lounger , or two , next to a table , also make of wood . the interior be simple . live room , kitchen and bedroom . a metal bookcase for book and dvd , not very big . fotogramas Award for acting . a desk . few thing . pleasant . Three poster decorate the wall . sabor , in the kitchen , hamlet , by Shakespeare , and cat on a hot tin roof , by Tennessee Williams , on different wall of the live room . all feature alberto crespo . salvador gesture when they come into the kitchen and he see sabor 's poster . it 's a pleasant , opportune surprise that alberto have it there . alberto look at he , serious , almost hostile and expectant . alberto can I get you anything ? salvador whatever you be have . alberto I be make some tea . salvador that 's fine . he go over to the poster and lay he hand on it , as if caress it . salvador I love that you have get sabor here . without look at he , as he make the tea , stony : alberto why have you come ? with he right hand still on the poster : salvador it 's take I 32 year to reconcile myself with this film . he go into the sit room and look out the window at the landscape . alberto will you just tell I why you have come to see I after 32 year ? he give he a cup of tea , he have another in he hand . salvador ( charm ) the cinematheque have restore sabor . they have decide it 's a classic and they have program it in a season of film shot in Madrid . they call I to ask if we have present it together . alberto do not they know we have not speak since the shoot ? they go over to a couch and a table . near a ash tray there be a metal cannula for sniff any kind of substance . salvador look at the object , but do not remark on it . salvador if they do , they do not say anything to I . gossip grow old , like people . do you mind if we sit down ? they sit , one at each end of the couch . salvador thank you . alberto and why do you want we to present it together now ? salvador because you do not present it at the premiere . alberto because you forbade I ! salvador speak with a certain ironic insolence , a little on the defensive . salvador that 's why I think it 's only fair that we do it together now . cut. 18 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . ext . day . a hour later . the change in the light indicate the pass of time . salvador and alberto be in the little garden without any flower that give onto a cluster of fir tree . both be lie on lounger . they be both drink something , tea , beer or coca - cola . alberto who give you my address ? salvador Zulema . I meet she by chance and we talk about you . alberto get ready to chase the dragon . he take all the element from he pocket . alberto listen , I be go to chase the dragon . if the sight disgust you , you can leave . we will talk on the phone about the cinematheque . salvador will you invite I ? alberto I do not recognize you , salvador . alberto distribute the dark powder over a piece of aluminum foil . he be about to light it from underneath . before help he with the lighter flame , he rectify : alberto be it you first time ? salvador yes . alberto and why do you want to try heroin at this stage ? salvador curiosity . alberto I bet you be do research for something . alberto inhale the smoke come from the aluminum foil . salvador do likewise and fall into a daze . cut . 19 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . ext . day . Close - up of salvador in alberto 's house , very drowsy from the effect of the heroin he have just smoke . alberto check on he and make sure he 's breathe properly . he leave he lie on the lounger . alberto be you all right ? salvador nod . over the close - up of salvador we hear he mother 's voice call he . jacinta off salvador ! we start to hear the sound of firework in the distance . 20 . train station . hall . int . night . ( in the 60s ) salvador -child dig around with one hand inside a wastepaper basket on the station facade . he find a well - thumbed novel , bonjour , tristesse by francoise sagan . jacinta ( 40 , pretty , rural style , curt , she fade dress do not manage to hide she attractiveness ) spread a blanket on the floor , surround by bundle wrap in paper or piece of cloth . there be also two suitcase of different size and a wicker basket . jacinta salva , come and help I ! the mother have a blanket in she hand and be about to make up a bed on the floor with it , next to a wooden bench . salvador come in , euphoric . nearby be a ticket booth and a poster for renfe . salvador Mom , I find a novel ! they hear the loud noise of firework come from the nearby village . while they spread the blanket on the floor : jacinta ( complain ) how be I to know that it be a holiday here ? it be not a holiday in we village ! 21 . train station . waiting room . night . they be sit on a wooden bench , cover by another blanket . the mother open a wicker basket that contain they food . salvador put down he novel and pick up a album of trading card of Hollywood star . the mother take out a bar of chocolate . salvador let I open the chocolate . the mother give he the chocolate . salvador take out two card from inside the wrapper . salvador there be two card ! the mother break of a quarter of the thick bar of chocolate and put it between two piece of bread . she give it to the boy . mother leave the card for now and eat . salvador read the name on the color card . salvador Liz Taylor and Robert Taylor . ( he start to bite the bread and chocolate . ) be they brother and sister ? jacinta I guess so . the mother have cut a slice of chorizo and bread with a sharpen knife . she look around , forlorn . jacinta what a disgrace , dumped here like gypsy ! salvador I like the station . jacinta you be a dreamer ! I do not know who you take after ! cut . 22 . train station . waiting room . int . night . ( cont ’d ) salvador be lie on the bench and he mother be on the blanket on the floor . both lay they head on bundle which act as pillow . while jacinta tuck he in , she discover that the child have a enormous hole in one of he sock . jacinta what a huge hole ! she pull off he sock . the mother , sit under the blanket , open a old quince jelly tin or a cookie tin turn into a sewing box . all imaginable object live side by side in there . to salvador 's eye , that box be a treasure . jacinta take out a wooden egg . she put it inside the sock and start darn it . salvador -child be fascinate by that object , the wooden egg , and by how he mother be concentrate on she darn . from she expression she 's think of something else , the future . salvador Mom , do you think that Liz Taylor sew Robert Taylor 's sock ? jacina I do not know . in the card she do not look like she 's very interested in darn . 23 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . patio . ext . day . ( the present ) salvador open he eye , he hear the murmur of the breeze in the tree . alberto touch he cheek and wake he . alberto be you all right ? salvador half open he eye and murmur affirmatively . he close he eye again . his pleasant expression show that he be still evoke the memory of the journey to paterna . 24 . paterna . surrounding area / cave . ext . day paterna be a town in levante . it differ from the rest of the area because it have over three hundred cave , most of they inhabit by family . this and other surround area be home to worker from all part of Spain and local who be badly off . the family ( mother , father , salvador ) walk through a area of very uneven ground , where piece of cement alternate with stretch of earth or plaster . along the side of the path , randomly , there be chimney stick up ( about three or four foot high ) , whitewash , and top with a little roof . the chimney look like primitive sculpture ( menhir ) and they give the esplanade a ancient , Mediterranean air . on a rope stretch between two pole , two or three sheet and other clothes flap , move by a_ slight breeze . a occasional mongrel . two or three child play marble . a woman carry a basin of water on she head . salvador look at everything , fascinate . the family trio be transport all the bundle in a wheelbarrow push by the father . the mother , jacinta , be also carry shapeless bundle in both hand . even little salvador be carry something . jacinta and venancio ( the father ) talk . she complain . jacinta what a long night ! I think we have never get here . the whole night in the station ! father I tell you to wait a few day , until I get more settle in . jacinta you mother be feed up with we . father do not say that ... jacinta Three day ago I hear she say '' this month my bread bill have go up so much ! '' the father frown , annoyed . father do not pay any heed to that . jacinta i. will not be a burden to anyone ! that same day I pack we bag and here we be . or would you rather be alone ? father do not say that , but you could have wait a few day . near the chimney there be also some rectangular shape opening in the ground , on four little wall between 20 and 30 inch high . the family stop next to one of this opening to rest . the mother see in the distance a group of one or two storey building , beyond a impose arab tower . mother be it much farther ? father no , we be here . the mother point to the close building . mother be that where we house be ? father no . we be on top of it . the mother do not understand . the father point to the open surface , 20 inch above the ground and protect by a grille that let in light and air and keep out bird , insect and animal . ( it 's like the parapet of a well , but rectangular instead of circular ) . the mother look over the edge , not understanding what she husband be try to tell she . at the bottom there be a flowerpot with a geranium and a assortment of tile arrange haphazardly . mother a cave ! father I could not find anything better . mother for God 's sake , venancio , a cave ! father there be three hundred family live in cave here , it 's typical of this village . there 's no shame in it . salvador see in the distance a boy of eighteen whitewash a wall . the boy catch he attention . the father , a humble , inscrutable man , feel humiliate by the mother 's reaction and he take it out on the boy . father salvador , come here ! 25 . paterna . salvador 's family 's cave . ext . day . they go through the open of a underground tunnel that lead to the door of the cave house . jacinta look at everything , greatly annoyed . she be a proud woman and it 's hard for she to accept that they have leave they home village in search of fortune only to end up live in a cave . father I sweep it as best I could . and we have get light . 26 . paterna . salvador 's family 's cave . int . day . the mother look around at the interior . it 's like a grotto with low , irregular ceiling . they put down they bundle where they can . father it be you idea to leave the village and come here . mother ( somber ) what would they say in the village if they could see we ! father I do not have time to whitewash it , that 's why I want you to wait a while . there be two amorphous space that we ’1ll call room in one of they there be a Singer sewing machine . and a wooden box that act as a table . on top of the box be a bottle of wine . jacinta look annoyed when she see the bottle but she say nothing . there be also a humble bed , cover by a humble bedspread . however , to salvador 's eye the cave be a fantastic place . the two room be whitewash . in the area bath by light from the skylight , the large flaking surface be much more noticeable , but they do not detract from the beauty of the place . for the boy 's sensitivity , that flaking surface be like work of abstract art , although he do not know what that be . he just know that he like it . he enter the area of light as if it be a sacred place . he hear he mother 's complaint and he father 's explanation , but they do not affect he . what matter to he be the light , and live in a cave be like live inside a comic strip . father I clean it as best I could . the floor be a mixture of cement and tile typical of the region , reminiscent of gaudi , and trim of lime . the boy look up and see the very blue sky around a white cloud . he try to share this discovery with he mother . salvador Mom , look ! the sky ! jacinta walk forward with the feel that she 's go to hit she head on the ceiling . this part be flaking much more than that at the entrance . the wall have a irregular shape , like a grotto , there be no straight line . there be part paint white , but mostly the paint have flake off , revealing rock or brown earth . in one corner there be a brush and dust pan . near the area that get most light from the roof , there be two stone bench which suggest that there use to be a kitchen there . the father have buy a hot plate and some trivet . jacinta and salvador be bath by the light from the skylight . it do not seem like sunlight , it 's kindlier , softer . the father look at they from the shadow , ashamed . jacinta leave the boy and go back to she husband . she try to cheer he up . they go to what will be they room . finally , tenderly : jacinta be you happy we be here ? father jacinta , I want something else for you . do you think I be happy bring you to a cave ? but there 's nothing else . jacinta I will fix it up and this will look like a home . but you mother , really , say that to we about the bread , in front of the child ! she look round to where the boy be , from force of habit , and shout . jacinta salvador ! ( to the father ) he love it . she look at venancio with warm , know eye . and she give he a kiss . 27 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . int . dusk . ( the present ) salvador call a taxi company on he phone . he give he address in Madrid and that of alberto in El escorial . alberto be beside he and hear the detail . 28 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . ext . dusk . salvador move as if he be float . they arrive at the gate that lead to the street . salvador be you clear about the cinematheque ? the 18 , in three week . alberto I have already start think about my outfit . we ’1ll talk on the phone before . salvador hold out he hand to say goodbye . alberto can not we exchange a kiss , like old friend ? we even chase the peace dragon . salvador accede , he barely brushes the other 's cheek . and he get into the car with difficulty while alberto watch . 29 . salvador 's house . int . night . on the way back , night have fall . salvador come into he house . on a sideboard near the door he find a note from Maya , he may . '' miss mercede ring . call she as soon as you can . '' 30 . salvador 's house . int . night . salvador take he phone from he pocket and call mercede 's number . mercede off hello ? salvador it 's I . mercede be at she desk in front of the computer . on the wall a poster of fellini 's 8 % . mercede be it true about the cinematheque ? salvador yes . mercede keep I inform . do not shut I out so much . salvador I be go to tell you . mercede I be delighted that they be show sabor and that you be go out a bit , but be you sure you want a q&a with people ? because it 's go to be full . salvador it be not that I want a q&a , but I be curious to see if the film have survive this 30 year . mercede you have better believe it . but if you decide not to go , tell I and T will sort it out . it 's better to cancel now than = at the last minute . 31 . salvador 's house . int . day ( the next day ) salvador be lie on the bed read . he be dress for loung at home , warm , comfortable , good quality clothes . the bedroom door be half open . Maya come up . maya I be leave now . do you need anything ? salvador no , Maya , thank you . see you tomorrow . he 's read nothing grow by moonlight , by torborg nedreaas . we hear a paragraph in voiceover . salvador underline the paragraph with a pencil . salvador off '' I enter the room where johanne be . he have roll over into a ball , so there be no room for I . when I try to make a space for myself , he wake and we make love , but loneliness stay with I and I could not chase it out of my heart . we be as close as two people can be , but we be in separate world '' . 32 . salvador 's house . int . day ( afternoon , another day ) salvador be lie on the green velvet couch face the terrace . there be not much light ( a faint lamp that bounce off a wall ) . he lay he hand over he forehead , the contact with himself ease he headache a little . he hear the doorbell . he wait until it ring two or three time . then he get up . in _ this circumstance it be obvious that he have trouble get to he foot . he put he hand on he lumbar region . he be very rigid as he take the first step . then he walk normally . he be dress differently so that it do not seem like the same day as the previous sequence . 33 . salvador 's house . int . day . ( cont ’d ) every time salvador get up it have to be see that he force himself to walk normally . generally this be accompany by a gasp of pain , if he 's alone , and by he raise a hand to he dorsal and lumbar region . this have become automatic gesture . if he be in company , he conceal they . he look through the peephole . alberto wave at he from the other side of the door . salvador open the door . alberto be not you go to open the door ? salvador I be not expect anyone . and I have get a headache . salvador look worse than two day before . alberto do you want I to go away ? salvador no , no . come in , now that you be here . they go to the kitchen . 34 . salvador 's house . int . day . ( cont ’d ) the house be in semi-darkness . probably there be no light switch on , if dusk be fall . in any case , there be sufficient light come through the glass door that connect the live room with the terrace . salvador and alberto move through the house . alberto look at the place , impressed . alberto do you live like this , in darkness ? salvador when I have get a headache , yes . alberto look all around , impressed by the space and the painting hang on the wall . alberto poor thing ! but you have get one hell of a house ! they go up to the two painting by sigfrido Martin begué , on the rug . salvador do you want a drink ? alberto any liquor . we stay with alberto look at the painting . he start to hear some dreadful cough come from the kitchen . salvador be gasp for air , he face be red , he cough be become deeper . alberto come into the kitchen and go to help he . something must have go down the wrong way . alberto breathe through you nose . salvador gradually start to breathe normally again . his face be red , he eye be water , it be a very bad choke spell . salvador have already take out the bottle and glass and leave they on the center table . salvador fuck , I choke on nothing ! alberto give he a glass of water . alberto here , drink it slowly . you scared I ! I think you be go to choke to death . salvador ( complain ) I get this from time to time . and it 's horrible . he finish slowly drink the water . alberto listen , about the cinematheque , be you serious ? salvador of course . I have already tell they that we be both go . cut . 35 . salvador 's house . live room . int . night . ( in front of the television ) a large couch with lot of cushion of different size and color . a exquisitely design square table full of dvd and blurays , a large plasma screen between the two bookcase that fill the wall face the couch . lamp at both end of the couch , one of color crystal , Memphis style , the other by Lloyd wright . above the couch , a large painting of tree trunk , by abraham lacalle that be reminiscent of David hockney and the flower , by jorge galindo , if it fit . the place overflow with dvd , blurays and book . alberto be get ready to chase the dragon . salvador watch he . the tv be show La nifia santa by lucrecia martel . alberto offer he the pipe . salvador take a puff and he feel as if he 's float . 36 . salvador 's house . live room . int . night . salvador be not in any shape for talk a lot , he 's out of it . alberto look at he , he decide not to leave he on he own in that state . salvador be still new to this . alberto move unhurriedly towards the desk , at one end of the room , next to a window that be cinemascope - shape , a rectangle twice as long as it be high and which look out on the street . from the window , the tree trunk can be see . alberto poke around on the top of the desk . 37 . salvador 's house . desk . bookshelf . window . int . night . he look at the object and papers that surround the computer . he look over to make sure that salvador be still out of it . he sit down in front of the computer screen . on the desk there be several notebook laid out tidily , stack of paper , a magnify glass , a blood pressure monitor , box of medicine , a file with cutting ... a great variety of object , all neatly arrange . just to try , alberto click on the mouse and discover that the computer be connect and the desktop screen offer he lot of document . he read the title in pass : detour , parallel mother , too many gender change , strange life form , mermaids and replicant . attractive title . but the one that most catch he attention be call addiction . of course . alberto suppose that salvador be write something about he initiation into heroin , which explain he present curiosity . he do not hesitate for a second before diving into the document . and rummage in it . 38 . salvador 's house . office . int . night . alberto read the first sentence : we hear it in voiceover . '' my idea of cinema be always link to the breeze on summer night . we only see film in the summer . '' he look at salvador who be still drowsy . 39 . sala mirador ( theater ) . stage . int . night . alberto imagine himself on a bare stage , with just a large screen to one side . in this part of the monologue , the real wall of the stage be paint black , like the whole theater . some pipe stick out , and a square box with a red fire hose , all protect by a glass screen . alberto the film be project on a enormous , whitewash wall . ( in he imagination , alberto go up to the white screen that represent the white wall in the form of a rectangle . ) alberto I particularly remember the film in which there be water : waterfall , beach , the bottom of the sea , river or spring . the screen be fill with different landscape with move water . it end with a scene by a river , intense color shot '' day for night '' in splendor in the grass the film by Elia Kazan . alberto point to one end and the other of the whitewash rectangle , that be , to the leave and right of the base of the screen . alberto just hearing the sound of run water give all the kid a tremendous desire to urinate and we have do it right there , on both side of the screen . in the cinema of my childhood it always smell of piss and jasmine , and of the summer breeze . ( in the scene by the river nathalie Wood run along the riverbank in a red dress and high heel . Marilyn Monroe also appear for a moment , sing kiss in Niagara . ) 40 . salvador 's house . int . night . insert occasional close - up of a groggy salvador on the couch , which will help do ellipse in the read . it give the impression that what alberto be read ( and which he imagine perform ) be be dream by salvador . cut. 41 . salvador 's house . int . night . alberto finish read salvador 's text . he turn he head and look over at the couch where the author be vegetate . he have just open he eye . he start to waken slowly and heavily , distant , expressionless . without a headache . for a few moment neither say anything . salvador what be you do there ? alberto reading you . I have just read addiction . salvador well , you should not have . alberto I have to do something . you be groggy . cut . 42 . salvador 's house . kitchen . int . night . on the table there be a tray with a untouched meal . alberto pick a little at the food . alberto May I ? salvador yes , yes ... salvador open the refrigerator and drink a liquid yogurt . alberto ( sincere , enthusiastic ) listen , the story really knock I out . salvador be not interested in the subject . salvador it be not a story . alberto well , whatever it be , it could be stage just as it be . salvador reject the idea . he speak with the distance that heroin give . this be not the case with alberto , he 's more use to it . salvador thank you , but it be not a dramatic text . alberto it do not matter , I could perform it , I really know what it 's talk about . salvador ( sarcastic ) you ? you be on the opposite side to that text . alberto you forget that I be a actor and that I suffer very well . salvador look at he without say anything . cut. 43 . salvador 's house . terrace . ( cont ’d . ) salvador lie on a lounger and alberto sit on a hassock , lean back against the wall . the large terrace be full of flowerpot with different plant . alberto ( begging ) I need to act again . I come down from my pedestal a long time ago , eh? I be in touch with the sala mirador . I know it 's a small venue , very '' off '' . we be put on Cocteau 's Le bel indifférent , with man , to give it that touch . but , to be honest , I have much rather do you text . why do not you give I a copy and I 'il show it to the people at the mirador ? salvador stop , stop , alberto ! alberto I do not understand . why do you write it ? salvador I write it to forget about its content . but I do not want to talk about it . cut . the two walk to the front door . salvador take a 50 euro note from he pocket . he offer it to alberto . salvador do you mind let I have what 's leave of the paper ? alberto I be not a dealer . he take the paper from he pocket . alberto I will give it to you , but use it with discretion . this late discovery be the worst . think about what I say about 's the mirador . be you headache go ? salvador completely . alberto you see ? on the landing he walk to the elevator . cut. 44 . cinematheque . screening room . int . night . applause . the end credit appear on the cinema screen . we hear the final theme music . the audience continue applaud . the screen room be full , a very varied audience . many young spectator who have not even be bear when the film be make . mercede be among they , excited and move by the screen and by _ the audience 's reaction . she look at she watch uneasily . with the light still out , in the area nearest the stage , the director of the cinematheque be murmure with two employee who be ask he something . this must be see from mercede 's point of view : the director tell they to put three chair in front of the seat on the main floor , on a little dais on which there be only the microphone on a stand with which he present the film . mercede , curious , watch they from she seat . the director , look worried , walk along the central aisle to the door of the screen room , separate by red curtain . the stage curtain be a bluish grey . the director look nervous , he have he cell phone in he hand , like a appendix of himself . he stop by the red curtain . mercede go up to he , they obviously know each other . as they talk , they walk to the other door , which lead to a large café with table , a bar and lot of film poster on the wall ( classic of Spanish and foreign cinema , among the former we see the poster for arrebato , El sur , peppermint frappé , casa flora , furtivos , viridiana , El espiritu de la colmena , bilbao , magical girl , tras el cristal , La dama de Beirut , placido , atraco a las tre , tesis , muerte de un ciclista , tristana , El extrafio viaje , bienvenido Mr. Marshall , El pico or duerme , duerme , mis amor ) . near the door there be two easel show two poster advertising the season that include salvador 's film : Madrid and the cinema . director be he on he way ? mercede ( skeptical ) I do not know . you organize all this yourself . from where they be we can see the entrance from the street . there be a little group of spectator at the bar counter and other at the table . director I do not understand . I show he the restore print and he love it ! they pass a young spectator . young spectator Excuse I , the washroom ? director ( point ) there , on you leave . mercede why do not you call he ? a young girl come out of the cinema and ask the director . spectator be there go to be a q&a ? director yes , yes . the director be on he way . 45 . salvador 's house . int . bathroom . night . salvador and alberto , in front of the bathroom mirror . salvador 's phone ring on the vanity top . the name of the director of the cinematheque appear on the screen . no one answer the phone . alberto look at it , furious . both alberto and salvador be pale and drugge . alberto wear a very eye-catch dsquare jacket . salvador be in a maroon suit by prada and a open neck shirt that match the suit . the phone stop ringing . alberto have see who be call . salvador be it he ? alberto yes . I can not believe it ! you organize all this fuss and then you do not go ! you do not know how much it cost I to borrow this jacket ! salvador take the phone and put it in he pocket . he leave the bathroom , follow by alberto . 46 . salvador 's house . int . night . they go into the kitchen . salvador you go . alberto how can I go on my own ? salvador I do not want they to see I like this ! alberto see you how ? ( we be not go to a beauty contest , it 's a fuck q&a ! ) salvador i. do not want they to see I drugge up and stammer ! he take a swig of limoncello straight from the bottle . alberto once you step on the stage , you will be in control . with what you have be ! salvador that be before , and without have take heroin . salvador call the the director of the cinematheque . 47 . cinematheque . screening room . int . night the director be at the front of the screen room talk to a friend about the situation . he 's stress out . the spectator murmur but very few have leave . some have take the opportunity to go to the washroom or to bring drink from the bar . the atmosphere be relaxed . we get the impression that all that people have nothing better to do than wait there , sit , lean on the back of the seat or stand chat . many of they be busy on they phone . mercede have go back to she seat , uneasy . the director of the cinematheque have a exaggerated quiff , jon kortajerena style . like a tic , he touch the quiff from time to time . his phone ring , it 's salvador . director salvador ? where be you ? he move to the center , under the stage , where the chair be and the mike with which he present the film . 48 . salvador 's house . int . night . ( cont 'd. ) 49 . cinematheque . screening room ( with audience ) . int . night . sequence 48 and 49 alternate . salvador at home . the people in the front row look at he , they realize that he 's talk to the film 's director . he 's talk very close to the mike he use in the presentation . the spectator can hear what he 's say . director still ? the film 's over , the audience be wait for you . salvador really ? director ( to the spectator ) I be with salvador mallo . he put the phone on speaker and hold it up to the mike . salvador 's voice be deeper than usual . salvador we be intend to go . alberto crespo be here with I . director ( to the spectator ) and the lead actor , alberto crespo . do you mind applaud again so they can hear it ? it might encourage they . salvador and alberto , perplex , hear the applause over the phone 's loudspeaker . salvador be amused by the situation and it seem that so be the audience . salvador ( surprise ) be everyone listen to I ? director yes . salvador I want to apologize to the spectator . at the last minute I do not feel well . I be with alberto crespo , we be intend to go . he stay to keep I company . in the screen room one spectator raise he hand . director just a minute , someone have raise he hand , he want to ask a question . a cinematheque employee hand the spectator a mike . while they listen to the question , alberto quickly put two line of cocaine on the table . with he lip he spell out to salvador “c of c a ine '' and he offer he the little snorter . before the spectator finish the question , salvador quickly snort one of the line which immediately stimulate he . spectator this be a question for the film 's director . what do you think of alberto crespo 's performance in the film ? there be people who say you be not happy with it and that 's why you grow apart . alberto and salvador exchange glance . director ( to salvador ) do you hear the question , salvador ? salvador yes . alberto look at he and expect he to go off on a tangent . the spectator insist . spectator I read that after sabor you argue and do not see each other again . salvador look , time be mysterious . I see the film again a month ago , and I think that alberto 's performance have gain a lot since we release it . alberto look at he , disconcert . second spectator what be it that you do not like back then ? salvador move away from alberto , who be now listen closely , with a amaze expression . salvador its heaviness , its lethal rhythm . I have conceive a dynamic , dare character , a funny , scathing cocaine addict . alberto glare at he . laughter among the audience . the director of the cinematheque be happy , he be finally have a kind of q&a with salvador mallo . mercede be listen , very serious . apart from alberto , she be the only person who be not amused by the situation . salvador move a little away from alberto and only speak into the phone . salvador alberto do not have the lightness that I ask for , not because he be incapable , but because he be take the opposite drug to the character , he be take heroin the rhythm of he performance be graver , and the humor in the text disappear . but I have to be fair , now I think that that gravity go well with the character , it give he substance . 50 . salvador 's house . int . night ( cont ’d ) alberto slap he on the arm , or push he , and salvador fall into a armchair or stumble against the wall . he raise a hand to he back in a gesture of pain . the phone fall to the floor . alberto kick it it slide along until it knock against a wall or a piece of furniture . alberto ( furious ) how dare you ! he grab he by he shirt front and be about to punch he . salvador take a deep breath . serious . salvador I do not mean to say it but now it 's say . alberto be careful with I , eh ? I will not let you humiliate I again ! who do you think you be ? he go to the door . salvador I just tell the truth . before we start , you promise I you would not take heroin during the shoot . that 's why I give you the part . and you lie to I . you do whatever the hell you want . I have to tell you some day . without look at he , while he open the door : alberto you be fuck crazy ! and he leave the house . 51 . salvador 's house . bedroom . int . night . salvador leave six tablet of different color and size on top of the chest of drawer . when he take one out of the blister pack ( tryptizol , for example ) it roll along the top and fall to the floor . there be no more in the blister . alberto take a pillow from the bed and throw it on the floor . he kneel down on the pillow and pick up the tablet . he crush the tablet with a metal lighter . when he have reduce they to powder he pour this into a glass of water . and he drink it . he go to bed , he do breathe exercise . 52 . salvador 's house . mercede and maya in the kitchen mercede and Maya , in the kitchen . Maya , stand , be at the white corian worktop peel fruit to make a shake . mercede be sit at the central table , trimming the stem of a bunch of white rose . maya I give he all the message . mercede he 's be avoid I recently . be you sure he 's alright ? maya he do not eat much and he choke a lot . mercede purée all he food . do he go out ? maya not that I see , but he walk here , through the house , along the hallway . mercede there be loafer by the door , and he 's never like loafer . maya well , he wear they , even though he 's get a thousand lovely sneaker . mercede Maya , tell he you do not mind do up he shoe or sneaker . it must be very hard for he to tie he lace . maya I do tell he , miss mercede . but he do not want I to . I think he 's embarrassed . and I do not know what to do . mercede always smile at he and take good care of he . and if you see anything strange , call I . maya everything here be strange . 53 . vallecas . ext . day . salvador get out of a taxi in a area of valleca occupy by drug dealer . he arrive at a almost desert corner . several young nigerian talk and laugh . on a wall , a enormous graffiti say '' I do believe in you , sister '' . on the sidewalk , salvador be the only white man , and a obvious target . a nigerian capturer come up to he . he speak Spanish with a almost incomprehensible accent . capturer can I help you with anything ? salvador I do not know . capturer what do you want ? salvador a dose . capturer ten euros . salvador do not fully understand he . salvador ten euros ? the capturer nod . salvador do not bring I shit . if it 's good , I ’1l1 come back . capturer give I the money . salvador . no , no , when you bring the material . capturer in cash and now . wait here . salvador give he the money and the capturer disappear . salvador look at the people swarm around he , a mixture of resident and client who walk quickly . he hear shouting , he look over to where it 's come from , in the same street . 54 . the same STREET . ext . day two drug apartment '' vigilante '' confront each other , one with a knife and the other with a machete . the man with the machete be heavily build . he have the sheath for the weapon ( with a sword hilt ) in he leave hand . the man with the knife have a jacket roll around he leave arm as a shield . the two threaten each other verbally but we can not understand what they be say . one shout '' no '' all the time . the man with the machete force he opponent to back away . both rip the air with blow that be easily avoid . a friend try to separate they but finally give up . the man with the machete cut the other on the leg . it must not be very deep because he stay on he foot and keep attack the heavily build man . among that watch the duel there be a group of four , with haircut and clothes similar to that of the duelist . they end up get between the two . and rather than convincing they , it seem that the duelist have get bored with the fight . the one with the machete put the weapon in its sheath and go off in the opposite direction to the other , wounded in the leg , but still on he foot and leave a trail of blood on the ground . a police car drive up . salvador have see everything from a prudent distance . a neighbor film the duel from he balcony . salvador be leave when the capturer appear . he call he . salvador take the merchandise . the transaction take only a instant . 55 . salvador 's house . int . afternoon-evening salvador be lie on different color cushion . he eye be half open . he end up close they and welcoming he childhood in paterna . 56 . paterna . outskirt / cave . ext . day . 1966 salvador-child be sit on the stair of the arab Tower which dominate the area of cave where he life with he family . he 's read bonjour , tristesse , the book he find in the wastepaper basket in the station , or a encyclopedia . eduardo and conchita , a young couple , pass near the tower and be strike by the sight of a child read a book . eduardo be a builder and house painter and be dress as such . salvador see he the first day , from a distance . the couple be young , attractive and very rural look . eduardo he 's so young and look at how he 's read ! salvador look up from the book and smile at the couple . when they have walk past , the girl turn to he . conchita hey , can you write too ? salvador child of course ... conchita how much would you charge we for write a letter to my aunt in bilbao ? salvador child I do not know . 57 . paterna . entrance to family cave . tower . ext . day . the mother come out to empty a bucket of dirty water . or she come with a pitcher of water from the fountain on she hip . she go over to the group . mother what 's go on ? conchita we want you son to write a letter for we , because my boyfriend be illiterate . eduardo think that remark be unnecessary . he protest : eduardo when can I learn , if I be work all day ! conchita ( argue ) if you do not waste you time draw ... eduardo look at he girlfriend , obviously angry . they be about to start argue seriously , but they control themselves . the mother be immediately interested in the builder . so be salvador . mother you be a builder . eduardo and a painter . mother of course ! what a pity , so handsome , and you be illiterate . my salvador could teach you to read and write , at night , when you finish work . she look at the child who seem to agree . mother whenever it suit you . eduardo ( he nod . ) could you teach I math too ? before he mother can answer , salvador do it himself . salvador child yes . mother of course , math , so no one can cheat you . my salvador can teach you everything . in the world we live in , be illiterate be a handicap . I will get paper and a pencil so he can write the letter . conchita ( very interested ) how much would you charge we ? mother nothing ! ( to eduardo ) you be a builder , you could lend I a hand with the kitchen , and finish painting the wall , when it suit you . eduardo it would have to be at weekend . mother at weekend then , and in exchange my salvador will teach you to read and write and math ! and today 's letter be free . the girlfriend think it 's a good deal . cut. 58 . paterna . family cave . int . night . eduardo whitewash a peel section of the ceiling and wall , in what would be the dwelling 's hallway . he do it with a brush , a pole and a piece of lambskin on the tip . salvador , sit on a little chair , look at eduardo , concentrate on the lesson . eduardo say the ABC out loud . jacinta be with they , she be prepare the dinner and wash dish in a basin . eduardo ABC chde F .. jacinta eduardo , when be you go to put in the sink ? I have to wash everything in this basin . she point to some basin full of water . eduardo I want to do the wall first . jacinta I have get use to they peel , the sink be more urgent . eduardo salvador give I a lot of homework . I do not have time . jacinta look at she son as if he be a stranger . who can he have take after ? even she be surprised that he behave like a real teacher . salvador child if he want to learn to read and write , he have to learn the ABC . come on , eduardo , start again . eduardo ABC chdefgj k.. salvador correct he . salvador child no , eduardo . F G '' h I '' J K. you say it right before . eduardo there 's a lot of letter . salvador child stop complain . there be what there be . jacinta ( to herself ) what a scold ! cut. 59 . paterna . family cave . int . night . by the light of a bare bulb , at a round table , near the area light by the skylight ( even at night ) , salvador continue he lesson . the two boy be dress slightly differently to give the sensation that time have pass . the mother be make a lampshade . she look over at the boy from time to time . more of the cave be paint than in the previous sequence , but precisely the wall behind the boy be crumble , and the flaking paint look like a map . on the round table , as well as a encyclopedia there be a child 's exercise book with letter at the start of each page . eduardo hold the pencil clumsily and copy the letter a . salvador child give I the pencil . you do not hold it like that . hold it like this . salvador give he back the pencil and help he place it correctly between he thumb , he middle finger and he index finger . the builder bend over the exercise book . he hold the pencil the wrong way . salvador child look at how I hold it . eduardo imitate he . salvador child that 's it . on the page there be only vowel . eduardo have to copy the line of vowel at the top of the page . salvador child you do not have to hold it so tightly . let you hand go loose , I will move it for you . salvador lay he hand on the bricklayer 's , much bigger than he . he grip it and help he write the vowel . the bricklayer 's hand tremble , intimidate by salvador 's skill and he own clumsiness . eduardo I be a bit nervous . salvador child that 's better . do you like draw ? eduardo a lot . salvador child then you will learn to write very soon . it 's like draw , except with letter . now you do it on you own . the mother look at they , pensive , from the improvise kitchen . cut. 60 . paterna . family cave . int . night . the mother be at the sewing machine . the peel wall that look like a map be half paint , or totally paint . the exercise book on the table have sentence write at the top . hanging on the wall be a photo of jacinta and venancio under a string of recently make chorizo and blood sausage . salvador child read the sentence . eduardo one Holy Catholic apostolic . who 's that ? salvador child Spain , who else could it be ! write it all at once . eduardo write the sentence . he have improve noticeably . 61 . salvador 's house . dine room . int . day . ( the present ) a close - up of the white table in the dining room . various envelope and invitation to exhibition , premiere and various event come into frame . mercede have just put the papers on the table . salvador be sit , he glance at they . from the kitchen , where she be heating water which she then pour into two cup to make tea : mercede there 's a load of invitation . it would not be a bad idea for you to go somewhere . i’1ll go with you wherever you want . and the dance season have start . dimitris papaioannou and Jan fabre be come to the Canal theaters . salvador I have like to go . but theater seat be the most uncomfortable for I and I do not want to leave in the middle . mercede look at he , really concerned . she know that salvador have make a effort to see she , that he do not really feel like it . mercede have you go to see Dr. galindo ? salvador no , I be feed up with doctor . she join he at the white table in the dining room . mercede and how do you get the oxycodone ? salvador ( lying ) a friend get it for I , he mother be a chemist ... mercede do not insist . until that moment she have take care of everything . but she still feel a great respect for he . for she , he be still she boss , even though neither of they work . salvador do not usually lie , but it 's obvious that he 's go through a process in which she have no part . mercede the guggenheim have ask we for two of the pérez villaltas . they be do a retrospective of he work . salvador tell they no . that painting be my only company . mercede 's phone ring . she look at the caller id and tut in annoyance . mercede sorry . she get up and walk to the window . salvador take the opportunity to go to the bathroom in he bedroom . 62 . salvador 's house . bathroom / salvador 's bedroom . int . day . he take a puff on a heroin cigarette that he have already prepare . he open the bedroom window to air the room . then after one puff he stub it out . 63 . salvador 's house . live room . int . day . he go back to the live room . the sunlight reflect on the wax wooden floor , and rebound , transformed into a powerful ray , on a level with salvador 's head as he sit at the table . he put on dark glass and look at some of the invitation . the figure of mercede be silhouett against one of the large window that lead out to a terrace . mercede I have to hang up . I can not keep talk ... it 's none of you business where I be ... she put the phone away and come back to the table , next to salvador . he be much more relaxed , she be more nervous . the phone conversation have change mercede 's mood . even salvador , half stone , realize . salvador be anything wrong ? mercede Luis and I be separate . salvador I do not know you be have problem . mercede I do not want to bother you . it 's be go on for a while , and now that I be at home so much I can not keep fool myself . salvador I be sorry . mercede I think I be a better assistant than I be a wife so , if you do not mind , I have like to carry on take care of you mail . people like to get a answer . salvador but it 's always no . mercede well , you should do something . you have too much free time to think about you ailment . give you brain something to keep it occupy . salvador I would like to do more thing too , mercede . mercede you could write . you have lot of document full of idea to be develop . if you want , I x11 make you a list . salvador I do not want to write if afterwards I can not film it . and you know better than anyone that I can not film in this condition . without filming my life be meaningless , but that 's how thing be . 64 . salvador 's house . door . int . day . they say goodbye at the door . he automatically take off he glass to give she two kiss on she cheek . mercede see he eye . she imagine what have cause the change . her heart sink , but she cover up . mercede ( serious ) call I , for anything . 65 . salvador 's house . int . night . salvador read in bed , light by a read lamp on the bedside table which be pile with book . 66 . paterna . family cave . int . day . jacinta , the town 's pious woman and salvador - child be sit in the sunlit patio , surround by plant . the cave be spotless despite the scarcity of furniture . Three chair and a round table . the pious woman drink some fresh orange juice . jacinta offer she some madeleine from she village . she and the boy be also drink juice . pious woman jacinta , you 's have get the cave look beautiful . ( she look up at the skylight , she face , flood by the light , be soften . ) and this light be priceless . jacinta it rain at time . pious woman jacinta , do not be so selfish . we need the rain . think of the countryside , the farmer . jacinta yes , that 's true . the word '' cave '' rule out the possibility that jacinta take the remark as a compliment . she 's embarrassed . salvador , serious , do not know why he 's at that meeting . pious woman ( to salvador ) salvador , ever since you mother tell I that at the age of nine you be already a teacher , I have think : that boy must be for God . salvador look at she , think she 's mad . jacinta he 's always be ahead of boy he age . salvador be intrigue and bored by the conversation . pious woman do you like teach , salvador ? salvador yes . pious woman and would you like to study ? salvador yes , a lot . pious woman why ? salvador to know more and be able to teach more thing . pious woman very good . that 's what I call a vocation . I will speak to Father josé Maria and he will see to everything . salvador , next year you will enter a seminary to study for you high school diploma . you x11 have to behave ! not everyone get a scholarship to study . jacinta so be the scholarship definite ? pious woman ( condescend ) yes , it be . do not worry . ( of the child ) and you , do not show I up , salvador . think that you be one of the choose . the child look at she , not fully understanding , hostile . the pious woman stand up . pious woman well , I have to leave , I still have a few visit to make . jacinta do not you want some more juice ? pious woman no , thank you , it be delicious . jacinta accompany she to the door . in the hallway : pious woman you know something ? really , I envy you , jacinta . jacinta ( surprise ) I ? pious woman you live in catacomb , like the ancient Christians . jacinta ( bitterly ) yes , that 's how we live . shall I go and sew on Sunday ? pious woman yes , I 'il expect you on Sunday . salvador , at the table , watch they say goodbye . 67 . paterna . family cave . int . day . ( cont ’d ) jacinta come back try to show a delight that be not real and ease salvador 's hostility . jacinta ( sweetly ) salvador , I be go to make a potato omelet , the way you like it . as if he have not hear she , surly : salvador be a seminary a place to become a priest ? the mother take out some potato and start peel they . mother yes . salvador ( he protest ) but I do not want to be a priest ! mother you do not have to be one . salvador then why do you want I to go toa seminary ?! mother because that 's the only way poor people can study ! salvador get up from the chair and disappear along the hallway . jacinta call he but the child do not answer . she stop peel potato and leave the house , furious . 68 . paterna . tower . ext . day . once outside she look around for salvador among the chimney . she see he go up the step of the arab tower . she go over there , very italian . she arrive breathless at the foot of the tower . salvador have arrive at the top of the step . he lean against the wall , he arm fold , in a rebellious attitude . the mother shout at he from below : mother salvador , come down from there ! salvador I do not want to go to the seminary ! from down below , the mother continue shouting , attract the attention of two woman who pass with basin of water on they head . mother when you get you diploma , you can leave . we ’1ll find a way for you to study for a career , so you do not end up like you father . salvador I do not want to go to school ! I want to stay here ! mother ( indignant ) and what will you do here ? kill yourself work in the field or on a building site , eh ?! be that what you want ? salvador I do not want to be a priest ! 69 . salvador 's house . office . int . day . salvador read from a lectern on he desk , the Book of disquiet , by pessoa . salvador off '' I find life distasteful , like a useless medicine , and that 's when I feel and can clearly picture how easy it would be to get rid of this tedium , if I have the simple strength of will to really want to get rid of it '' . he underline the paragraph with a pencil . 70 . EL escorial . alberto 's STREET . front door . ext . day . a taxi leave salvador in front of the door of alberto 's house in El escorial . he buzze on the entry phone . alberto off who be it ? salvador it 's I . alberto off go away ! salvador buzze again . cut . 71 . EL escorial . alberto 's STREET . front door . ( cont ’d ) alberto appear at the far end of the path lead to the gate . he see salvador on the other side of the bar , with a leather briefcase in he hand . alberto if you do not go away , I ’1l1 call the police ! salvador alberto , I have come to negotiate . I will give you the rights to perform addiction . alberto I do not believe you ! go away ! I be busy ! salvador it 's the truth . I have bring you a copy of the text . let I in , please . alberto come up to the gate and unlock it with a rusty key and a very unfriendly expression . alberto if this be a trick , you be go to leave here in worse shape than you be in now ! as they walk to the kitchen , alberto look at he and see that salvador have deteriorate . alberto what 's go on ? be you on hunger strike ? salvador ( ironic ) the bad life . 72 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . int . day . they come into the kitchen . on the table , there be several sketches on sheet of paper and the text by Cocteau . there be two chair , one on each side of the table . salvador sit down , breathe heavily . he put he briefcase on the table and look at the sketches . they all show a man , a bed and another man , who be usually on the bed read a newspaper . Le bel indifferent . Cocteau 's text be also next to the sketches . alberto sit across from salvador . salvador be you still think of do Cocteau in the mirador ? alberto yes , but I have get lot of doubt . the text be beautiful but it 's outdated now . if you really give I addiction , I will go full out on it . I have have to inform the people at the mirador , of course . salvador open he briefcase and take out a block of page staple together : the text of addiction . he hand it to alberto . salvador here it be . he leave it on the table . alberto pick it up , he can not believe it . alberto why the change of heart ? salvador ( he do not answer the question . ) I have make a few change to the text , bear in mind that it 's go to be speak on a stage , and I will tell you more if you invite I to a coffee . alberto still can not believe it . he start prepare a nespresso coffee . alberto anything else ? salvador I do not want to sign it . and do not say that it 's mine . I do not want to appear anywhere . alberto very well . will you direct I ? salvador no . alberto that would help . salvador give it to the people at the theater , let they read it and decide if they be interested in it , but do not give they my name . alberto so who 's the author ? salvador you , or we will invent a pseudonym . alberto ( puzzle ) no , no ! i’1ll sign it ! but I do not understand ... salvador it 's a confessional text . I do not want anyone identify I . alberto ok . 73 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . kitchen . int . day . ( cont 's D ) alberto be puzzle . salvador drink he coffee . they get up and go over to the desk , next to the window that look out on the tree trunk . on the way , salvador give he indication , serious . salvador about the staging . a screen and a chair if you do not know what to do with you arm and leg . alberto I know exactly what to do with my arm and leg . salvador ( critical ) after correct it , I admit that the text be a bit melodramatic now . alberto do not worry , I can do melodrama . my year in Mexico will come in handy . they sit on opposite side of the desk . 74 . EL escorial . albertom studio . kitchen .int . day . ( cont 's D ) salvador that 's why I be tell you . you have to avoid any sentimentality . Control the emotion . do not cry . actor take any opportunity to cry . the best actor be not the one who cry but the one to fight to hold back he tear . alberto realize that salvador can not help direct he . it amuse he and touch he . he stand up . alberto let I give you a kiss ! he take salvador 's face in he hand and give he a friendly kiss on the lip , a kiss of gratitude . salvador , motionless , let he do it . alberto go back to he seat across from salvador and dive into the text of addiction with urgency . without take he eye off the text : alberto I be go to start work now , if you do not mind . you can stay , if you like , make yourself at home . ( he point to the social area , the couch and a table cover with magazine . ) by the way , I have get a pile of magazine from the 80s , you be in some of they , dress as a woman . salvador smile and shrug . alberto you soon forget that time . salvador first invite I . and give I the address of you dealer . tell he I will go myself for the material . alberto you do not have to . they bring it to you house now , like pizza . alberto open a drawer and hand he the material , the whole set . 75 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . int . day . ( cont ’d ) salvador light the foil , inhale the smoke and offer it to alberto . without interrupt he read of the text , alberto shake he head . alberto no . not yet . salvador why not ? alberto I be reduce the dose , just enough so I can work . salvador can you do it ? alberto how do you think I make it to here ? salvador look at he as if to say '' you have not exactly make it very far '' . alberto go in and out . it 's slavery . but this piece be vital for I , and I have to do it as cleanly as I can . I do not want to lose one iota of the emotion you have put into this page . salvador be pensive and he 's feel the effect of the drug . he think of the emotion , the pain and the frustration he put down on that page , and he do not understand what it be that attract alberto so much . alberto will you come and see I ? salvador I do not know , I think not . alberto this time I be not do Shakespeare or chekhov or lorca . I be do you . salvador ( inexpressive , deep voice ) if you do it badly , I 'il feel terrible , and if you do it well ... i’1l feel much worse . alberto read in a murmur : alberto '' the cinema of my childhood always smell of piss ... salvador and of jasmine ... alberto and of the summer breeze . '' cut. 76 . EL escorial . alberto 's studio . int . day . in the social area , alberto be doze in a comfortable wing chair . over he close - up we start to hear , with increase volume , the long instrumental introduction to La vie en rise , in the disco version by Grace Jones . 77 . sala mirador . int . day . the interior of the sala mirador , the stage below face a amphitheater of ten row of seat . the image correspond to what alberto imagine while he read the text : a rehearsal without a audience . a theater employee in the background . we still hear La vie en rise . alberto dance in front of the white screen . there be a large radio cassette on the floor . the room be empty . when the musical introduction end , the actor turn off the radio cassette and continue with the monologue . alberto I meet Marcelo in a washroom full of people . it be not the first time I have see he , but it be that night , after casually brush against each other , when I discover that I like that boy . we spend the whole weekend in bed and , by the time I realize , a year have pass and we could not live without each other . it be 1981 , and Madrid be ours . cut. 78 . sala mirador . int . day . ( the rehearsal continue ) empty theater . the wall behind the screen be not black now , it 's red . a large red surface surround the white screen . alberto one day I find Marcelo look paler than usual . recently he have lose weight and be draw look . I ask he if he be not feel well and he confess that he have start fool around with heroin . I be surprised because I have never take it . I drank and I snort cocaine , like everyone , but never heroin . I sense that it be not good and I do not like it . I be go flat out , I be write a nighttime chronicle , I be participate in music program . I prepare my first film , I shot it , it be release , it be a success , I write the second , I shot it . I be do a thousand thing , I be not sleep . meanwhile Marcelo be languish on the couch at home or shut away in the bathroom ... 79 . embajadore neighborhood . ext . day . federico be a man a little over 50 , attractive . he observe everything he see as he walk along with a nostalgic expression . he do not seem like a tourist . in fact , he live in Madrid a long time ago and he be look at how the neighborhood have change . alberto off «or out of the house , somewhere I do not know . he arrive at a building . he look at it closely , at the window . with he cell phone he take a photo of the facade and of one specific window . alberto off I would spend the night come and go to the window , always listen for the sound of the door . federico pass next to a alternative theater , the sala mirador . it do not exist when he live on that street . he look at the poster announce the work that be be stage , addiction , by alberto crespo , and also perform by he . federico know he , something to do with a past in Madrid which the spectator do not know for the moment . he look at he watch , the performance be start in fifteen minute and it 's very short . 80 . sala mirador . int . day . the theater , a very intimate place , about 150 seat , be pack . although we only see alberto , we sense that the audience fill the theater . we hear he breathe . on the stage , there be now a chair ( a very light one ) and the general shot be more balanced , otherwise it would seem that the screen be float in space . alberto Madrid have become a difficult bullring , as bullfight fan say , so we travel continuously anything so as to get out of Madrid . the first day be the worst . while Marcelo be recover from withdrawal symptom , I look after he and write . I do not know how , but I write . Marcelo be very young , the symptom do not last long , three or four day . then we have go out on the street and have fun , like child . in the stall , federico , amaze , be watch closely what be happen on the stage . 81 . sala mirador . int . night . alberto ( evoking ) I remember the ivory Coast . dozen of muscular , young man , wash clothes in the river on wheel rim , and spread they on the grass . photo be project on the screen , illustrate the text . alberto I remember the malecon in Havana , by day and night . the woman at the window of peel building , with magnificent pillar hold up decade of scarcity and joy of live . Old Havana , beat softly to the rhythm of uncease percussion . image and the corresponding sound . and among the spectator , federico , captivate and astonished . very involved in the content of the monologue . alberto i. remember Mexico City . Marcelo and I in the hotel room , drunk on tequila , listen to chavela vargas sing the night of my Love . the voice of chavela vargas resound in the space , the theater be too small for it . the spectator listen to it , paralyze , so do the actor , as if the song have take they all by surprise . '' I want the joy of a ship return , and a thousand bell of glory peal to toast the night of my love '' . suddenly alberto gesture to the stage manager to interrupt the song , as if he do not have the strength to hold back the flood of tear cause by chavela 's voice . the spectator can not know if that gesture be the result of improvisation or if it 's be rehearse beforehand . impossible to know , but the effect increase the emotion of the piece . in the audience , federico get a lump in he throat . he can not hold back he tear . 82 . sala mirador . int . night . sitting on the chair , huddle up , torment , in a soft voice . alberto that journey , the only reason for which be to escape from Madrid , to escape from heroin , become my best school . on that journey I find inspiration for the storey I would tell year later and the color that would illuminate they . but we could not spend we life travel . sooner or later we have to go back to Madrid . and Madrid cut . 83 . alberto get up , be a dead end street , a minefield . sala mirador . int . night . he bring the chair over to the front row to speak more intimately to the spectator . he move again to one edge of the screen . 84 . alberto , alberto I be desperate , I do not know what to do , except repeat myself . we both repeat ourselves for three long year . I believe that the strength of my love would overcome he addiction . but it be not so . Love be not enough . Love may move mountain but it be not enough to save the person you love . sala mirador . int . night . split in two by the light that outline and project he shadow on the white screen . the image recall the beginning of the monologue . edge of the screen . the light go out , alberto under the whitewash wall where the film of my childhood be project , I pray that nothing would happen to the lead lady , but I do not succeed , neither with nathalie Wood nor with Marilyn . then I try to save Marcelo and save myself . if Marcelo be save it be far from I . and as for I .. I stay in Madrid . and the cinema save I . very intense light . 85 . he touch the only the white screen give off a sala mirador . albertom dressing room . int . night . federico knock on the door of alberto 's dress room . alberto off come in . federico open the door and go in . alberto and the visitor study each other mutually . in the light of the dress room alberto seem different , calm , tired . he speak with the calmness of someone who feel realize . the two man have be affect by the performance , both the actor and the spectator and virtual co-protagonist . federico good evening . he do not know how to begin . alberto hello . do we know each other ? federico yes . alberto look he up and down and like he . alberto I do not remember you . federico it be a long time ago , when you be prepare sabor , with salvador mallo . alberto become aware of the situation . he have not recognize the visitor but he know who he be . he lie : alberto I do not remember . federico we see each other two or three time . I be federico , the Marcelo from you monologue . alberto do you like it ? federico I do not know . '' like '' be not the word . it really affect I . alberto offer he a chair across from he , next to the dress table with make - up and in front of the mirror frame by light bulb . stuck in the edge of the mirror be lot of photo of alberto , unrecognizable because of the respective make - up and costume . half of the space in the dress room be take up by a mixture of bit and piece from the theater , remain of other play . on the wall there be the poster for taste and one for hamlet in its theatrical version . federico accept the invitation and sit across from alberto , who cover himself with a maroon color dress gown . alberto sit down . I imagine you want to ask I some question . federico do not sit down . federico be salvador alive ? alberto look at he , think what to answer , and how far he can go with he answer . cut. 86 . street around the theater . ext . night . 87 . salvador 's house . bedroom . int . night . sequence 86 and 87 alternate . alberto walk along the street around the theater while he call salvador on he phone . he 's probably walk down the same street where salvador live with federico . salvador be lie in bed , read . he see that alberto be call he , he pick up the phone . salvador how be the performance tonight ? alberto a full house . it 's a pity the theater be so small . salvador it 's better like that , you gain in intimacy . alberto today there be a very intimate spectator . salvador who ? alberto I will tell you if you promise to come and see I in the theater . salvador off who be that very intimate spectator ? alberto federico . salvador federico who ? alberto federico delgado . you Marcelo , he come to see I in the dress room . silence . cut . 88 . salvador do he recognize the text ? alberto every word . he ask for you number and you address . salvador off do you tell he anything else ? alberto no . I say nothing about you chase dragon . salvador thank you . I ’1l1 go and see you one day . salvador 's house . int . night . ( cont ’d ) the news affect he deeply . he have expect a call from federico during , at least , all of the 80s . now that it be a real possibility , it disconcert he . he look at the phone , he have just hang up . and he start that old wait , he remember himself in that same situation , wait for federico day after day , night after night , year after year . for a moment , he have the impression that he life have be a mirage , that time have stop to wait beside he . he remain sit on the bed , with the phone in he hand , wait for federico 's call . his phone ring . a call from a number he have not list , with lot of figure start with 5521 . federico off salvador ? salvador yes . federico off be that you ? I would not have recognize you . this be federico . salvador federico ! he get up and walk through the house while he talk on the phone . federico off I be in Madrid ... salvador oh , and what be you do here ? federico off I have come to see some lawyer , about a inheritance . I be leave tomorrow night .. and I have like to see you ... salvador I have like that too . he hesitates , disconcert . he arrive at the window that look out on the terrace , next to the window full of glass vessel . salvador . but I be in bed . do you mind if we meet tomorrow ? 89 . salvador 's house . int . night . 90 . salvador 's S house / front door . ext . night . sequence 89 and 90 alternate . salvador be at the window that look out on the street , next to the terrace . out of the corner of he eye , he see a man in the doorway of he building . he can not make out he feature , the man be talk on a cell phone . salvador get a lump in he throat . he do not see he clearly , but he know that it 's federico ( Marcelo in the monologue ) . federico have have the delicacy to call on the phone before turn up at he house . that gesture touch he . federico would midday suit you ? I have a meeting in the afternoon with the lawyer . salvador perfect . federico I have not ask , how be you ? salvador Old . federico ( warmly ) five year older than I , not one more . salvador ( tenderly ) and how be you ? federico ( relieved ) better now . when I leave the theater I be devastate ... I have be see addiction . he say this as if he have just get through a very tough test . salvador how do you know it be on ? federico by chance , I go for a walk around the neighborhood , to take a look at we street . I be outside we house . salvador ( he be delighted and surprised . ) ah ... salvador be touch , as if he 's discover the coincidence for the first time . salvador of course , and the theater be a bit farther along . federico I go in to pass the time and because I remember alberto crespo from you film . salvador and you find yourself , suddenly ?! federico yes. suddenly ! brief pause . federico ( honest , humble ) I do not know how to apologize . I never imagine how you be feel , all that you suffer . salvador look at federico in the darkness of the street while he listen to he confession over the phone : a man alone in the night , talk to the door of the building , with he back to the desert street , ask he for forgiveness . salvador it be a good school . federico what ? salvador nothing . you do not have to apologize . I do not do anything I do not want to do , federico . I try to help you as far as I could ... federico and I be grateful to you , and I have like to able to prove it to you some day . salvador listen , I do not think I 'il be able to sleep after this . will you give I twenty minute to get shower and dress and we will meet at my place ? federico alright . 91 . salvador 's house . bedroom . int . night . salvador go back to he bedroom . he open the chest of drawer . he have hide the paper of heroin at the back , camouflage among the medicine , perhaps it 's in a cassette tape . he prepare a little line of heroin on top of the chest of drawer . he hesitates , he think about what he 's do . he think better of it and end up blow the line away , its content hang in the air for a instant and disintegrate before they reach the floor . he choose the clothes he 's go to wear . a shirt and pants . he put they on the bed . cut . he 's dress now . he put on some loafer with the help of a shoehorn some 30 inch long that save he from have to bend forward . 92 . salvador 's house . int . night . the house be in semi-darkness , as usual . in any case , there be more light than when alberto come . low light . only the painting have they own directional light . the entry phone buzze . 93 . salvador 's house . kitchen . int . night . we hear the buzz of the entry phone . empty kitchen . salvador come in , dress , and press the button on the entry phone . then he go out to open the door , nervous , impatient , excited , uncertain . 94 . salvador 's house . landing / door / elevator . int . night there 's no one on the landing . the elevator arrive give a little jolt , the door open and federico step out . salvador be wait for he with the door open . both smile . federico walk to salvador 's door . they both have just enough time to scan each other ( in the short distance from the elevator to the door ) . both look in the other for some vestige of who they be some 30 - odd year before . 95 . salvador 's house . door ( inside ) . int . night they embrace . a sincere , intense , unhurry embrace . ( salvador be glad he have not take anything . ) the physical contact help they lose they inhibition . in the phone conversation both be nervous . they separate . salvador ( affectionately ) it 's be so long ! federico yes . it 's a way of apologize . federico would you have recognize I if you would see I in the street ? salvador I have have have to look closely , but yes . you eye be the same . federico I be sorry I get you out of bed . salvador shake he head , make light of it . cut . 96 . salvador 's house . kitchen . int . night . they move into the house . federico look at everything with curiosity . he recognize salvador 's coloristic style . federico ( admiringly ) this look like a museum . salvador I invest all that I have earn in this house and in this painting . T will give you a tour later . what 's 11 you have ? federico anything , coffee , if you have any . ( insinuating , half joke ) tequila ? in honor of chavela ? I could not hold back my tear when you mention she in the monologue . salvador ( happy ) tequila ! to celebrate we reunion and in honor of chavela . salvador take a bottle of tequila and two shot glass from one of the cupboard . federico ( look at everything ) I like you house . salvador where do you live ? salvador pour the tequila , they both drink a toast . federico in Buenos Aires . salvador you have a uncle in Buenos Aires do not you ? federico yes . I go there in 's 85 . salvador ( calculate ) so soon ? cut . 97 . salvador 's house . int . night . they drink and talk sit across from each other in the two cassina armchair , near the terrace . on little tequil auxiliary table , on a tray , the a . federico I will give you a summary . after ... we separate , I stay with my parent for a year . at that time , the heroin route do not pass through Argentina , so I go there to my uncle . I start work with he in he restaurant . I could not take heroin because there be not any . it be the best way to quit . he pause . federico I meet lucrecia , we get marry and that 's it so far . now I have my own restaurant . I have two grow son and I only come back to galicia to see my parent . this be the first time I have set foot in Madrid ... as you say in the piece , Madrid have become a difficult bullring for I , a minefield . it 's a pity that you live here . salvador ( almost apologize ) I need Madrid , I need you too , but not under that condition . federico '' Love be not enough to save the person you love '' . you say it in you monologue . salvador ( serious , sad ) let 's not talk about the monologue , it 's a very sad text . federico bottle a of I feel a lot better when you say that while you be look after I you continue to develop as a writer and filmmaker . do you really feel like that ? salvador ( almost a declaration of love ) you do not interrupt anything , federico , on the contrary . you fill my life like nothing and no one have do until now . he make a effort to change the tone , more animated . salvador so you have not be back in Madrid since then ... 98 . salvador 's house . dine room . int . night . federico no . but I follow everything you do . and I be delighted when I recognize a scene that be obviously inspire by we . every film of yours be a event in my life and I be so proud that you be a success all around the world . you be the only Spanish director my family know . salvador you new family ... federico yes . salvador do they know anything else ? federico you mean about we ? salvador yes . federico my wife .. well , my ex- wife , we be separate . salvador ah. federico I tell she ... she do not know it 's you .. she know I be with a man in Madrid for three year . and I also tell one of my son ... to encourage he .. ( he smile . ) salvador nod . federico with time I will tell he that it be you . he 's a real film lover and he have never forgive I if I do not tell he . salvador and do you have a partner now ? federico yes . and you ? salvador no . a man or a woman ? federico a woman , my experience with man end with you . after a brief , intense silence . salvador I do not know how to take that . federico take it as a compliment . cut . 99 . salvador 's house . live room / video library . int . night . in front of the television . on a couch and in front of a coffee table . the sequence begin with a close - up of federico 's phone . on the screen we see a picture of one of he son . we hear federico off screen say he name . federico this be mauro , the young one . he slide he index finger over the screen . the older son appear . federico this be federico . he 's 22 now . salvador he look very like you . federico yes . he 's the one I tell . salvador be move by the trust and by the resemblance between father and son . it 's like find the federico who leave , the federico that he know and love ... he look at the federico in the photo and at the one next to he , he father . and indeed they be identical , except for the age difference . salvador they be both very handsome . salvador pour another two shot of tequila . federico ( more relaxed ) you have to come to Buenos Aires . you will love the city and I be sure it 's 1ll inspire you . I want you to meet my family and eat in my restaurant . we will get drunk together . salvador appreciate the invitation , but he do not commit himself . 100 . salvador 's house . door ( inside ) . int . night . salvador and federico hug each other tightly near the door . federico for the old day . he bring he lip to salvador 's and they kiss for a long time . the kiss and the contact of they body arouse both of they . still embrace , they forehead touch , each one feel the other 's breath on he face . federico do you want I to stay and sleep with you ? salvador of course I do , but we be go to close we story as God intend . feerico we never care about God . and we can close we story just as well tomorrow morning . salvador shake he head , he be disturb by the kiss and by what it have kindle in both of they . salvador ( he smile to make light of he word . ) I have delighted to see that you still get arouse with I . federico same here . you get arouse too . salvador yes . salvador open the door . feerico I be go . you be right , as usual . but remember that you have promise to come to Buenos Aires . and he go out . 101 . salvador 's house . landing / elevator . int . night . salvador see he take the few step that separate he from the elevator . federico press the down button and turn to salvador . he give he a delighted smile . salvador have a good trip . federico I ’11l call to remind you . salvador yes . he get into the elevator and disappear . 102 . salvador 's house . door ( inside ) int . night . salvador close the door , tremble with emotion . 103 . salvador 's S house . bedroom and bathroom . int . night . he come into he room . urgently , he take the paper of heroin from the back of the chest of drawer . he put it on the top and look at it with delight . he take it , throw it down the toilet and flush the cistern . 104 . salvador 's house . kitchen . int . night . on the worktop in the kitchen , under the painting by dis Berlin , salvador get ready to crush five different color tablet . in a close - up we see the tablet , which be already cover by transparent paper . in the same shot , a psychopath -size knife , the phone and a liter - bottle of liquid yogurt . salvador take the knife and crush the tablet with the handle . when he have reduce they to a powder , or almost , he call mercede and put the phone on speaker . he be give the last blow to the tablet when mercede 's voice come over the phone . mercede off yes , salvador ? salvador be this a good time ? 105 . mercede 's house . bedroom . int . night . mercede be in bed , she switch on the light and try to sound awake . mercede yes , yes . ( she sit up , she look at the clock . ) go ahead . be anything wrong ? salvador I have like to see Dr. galindo as soon as possible . mercede ( puzzle ) what have you take ? salvador nothing . a tranquilizer two hour ago and a few shot of tequila . now I be go to have my nightly ration of tablet , crush up , with liquid yogurt . however it may be , mercede be happy to get he call and she make the most of it . mercede do you want to see the gastroenterologist too ? salvador yes , as soon as possible . they say goodbye . 106 . hospital . pain unit . corridor . int . day . a sign next to the open door of the office say that they be in the pain unit . mercede and salvador wait on some chair . the wall behind they be totally cover by wallpaper show a very twee spring landscape , with strident color and without nuance , very digital . on the ceiling there be four video screen with scene of white cloud crossing a blue sky . they create a supposedly pleasant atmosphere that raise the patient 's spirit . salvador look at the ceiling . he sit for a while contemplate the cloud in a sky of a impossible blue . the spectacle make he smile . he remember the first time he enter the cave in paterna and discover the sky through the skylight and call he mother to come and see it . a woman behind the reception desk gesture to they and tell they they can go in . 107 . hospital . pain unit . dr . galindo 's office . int . day . they go into Dr. galindo 's little office . the three know each other . mercede and salvador sit on the other side of the desk . the doctor be a empathetic man of about 45 . he transmit authority without effort . a film lover . he have a photo of John Huston on the wall , during the filming of the Dead , sit in a wheelchair and with a drip or a nose clip for oxygen . he treat they with familiarity . mercede thank you for find time to see we , doctor . dr . galindo well , tell I , salvador . salvador the pain in my back be kill I . the oxycodone do very little for I . dr . galindo we 'il have to change you analgesic . why do not you come sooner ? salvador I be feel very low . a gesture from mercede confirm salvador 's word . mercede he 's be very depressed . dr . galindo what have you do to deal with the pain ? salvador I have start take heroin . a moment of uncomfortable silence . the doctor look at he , surprised rather than scandalize . he know that salvador be be serious . he look at mercede 's face . she remain silent . she find out the previous day ( although we have not witness this moment ) . dr . galindo and ... be you intend to keep take it ? salvador no , that 's why I be here . dr . galindo how often do you take it ? salvador every two or three day . in the end , every other day , smoke on tinfoil . dr . galindo when be the last time you take it ? salvador the night before last . will I have withdrawal symptom ? dr . galindo some , but with a compassionate , control detoxification you will not suffer . salvador compassionate and control ? dr . galindo yes , that 's what it 's call . do you have anyone to help you ? mercede yes . I 'il be with he . dr . galindo how have you control this day and a half without it ? salvador with tranquilizers and a will of iron . dr . galindo you be go to need that will of iron , because you mind know the effect of heroin now and that 's something you do not forget . that last word be engrave in the mind of mercede and salvador . the doctor look in the computer at the file with all the clinical information about the patient and he pharmacopoeia . dr . galindo be you still take patxibi , for you headache ? salvador yes . and all the other thing , for asthma , blood pressure , insomnia ... but most of all I need you to help I with the back pain and the migraine too . they leave I completely paralyze . the doctor nod . he revise the file and take out a prescription pad . he start to fill one . he change he tone , more optimistic . dr . galindo I understand . have you any project , salvador ? salvador to improve my quality of life . dr . galindo I be talk about work . it would do you good to be busy . do not you miss it ? mercede look at he in silence . she and salvador have already talk about this on several occasion and she know the answer . it 's a question that always hurt salvador . salvador ( almost reproaching he ) I think about it every day . but it be not a question of miss it or not . film be very physical work , and unfortunately I be in no shape to do it . as a matter of fact , that 's my biggest problem . dr . galindo there be people who be much worse than you and they get on with thing . salvador I know , I know , but I have not be able to . my mother die four year ago and two year later I have a operation on my back . I think I still have not recover from either thing . I be not good at recover . I need help , doctor . dr . galindo well , I be go to change the oxycodone for another opiate . you 'il think about heroin . watch out for that . ( to mercede ) I x11 give you the prescription and explain the guideline . salvador stand up . salvador do you mind if I go out to the corridor and move around a little ? salvador be very uncomfortable in every sense . he hold out he hand to the doctor to say goodbye . salvador thank you , doctor . mercede try to hide it , but she 's upset by the turn the interview with the doctor have take . 108 . hospital . pain unit . consultancy . int . day . ( cont 's D ) mercede and Dr. galindo be alone . he start to fill out the prescription . mercede there 's something else . dr . galindo something else ? mercede salvador choke frequently . a hour ago , when we be come to the hospital , he have a sip of water and I think he be go to choke to death . the gastroenterologist do a endoscopy and he find a lump that be press on he esophagus . that 's why he choke so easily . ( she touch she neck ) and ... we do not know what that lump be . the doctor stop write . dr . galindo do he know ? mercede no . they have order a cat scan to be sure . the gastroenterologist do not rule out that it 's a tumor .. what do I do ? do I tell he ? dr . galindo no. spare he at least two day of anguish and call I with the result of the cat scan . 109 . salvador 's S house . guest room and mother 's room . int . day . the bedroom window have the same curtain as salvador 's . a painting of the virgin of the rosary by Murillo hang above the headboard . his mother , jacinta , live in this room during the last month of she life , while she be constantly in and out of hospital , four year before . ( there 's no way to know this , or perhaps there be . ) they open a closet . salvador try to take out a set of sheet . mercede stop he . mercede let I do it . salvador pick the set you like most . mercede sit down , I ’1ll change the sheet . mercede look at a rosary on top of one of the bedside table , next to a photo of salvador 's parent . salvador sit in he mother 's wing chair . he look at the bedside table . there be a rosary spread out deliberately , a frame photo of he paternal grandparent and also a photo of he mother , jacinta , age 30 . and another of she with he father under several string of recently make chorizo and blood sausage . on a lower shelf of the bedside table there be a tin box , different from the one we see in 1960 , but the same kind ( where the mother keep she personal memento ) . the sequence end with a insert of the photo and the rosary on the bedside table . 110 . salvador 's S house . guest room and mother 's room . int . day . ( flashback . four year before ) the mother , age 84 , in the same room , be sit in the same wing chair . she look at the bedside table and then look up at the bedroom door through which salvador appear , four year before ( fewer grey hair ) . mother give I the box , salvador . she 's talk about the tin box . salvador come in with a snack on a tray . a glass of milk and two dark color madeleine on a plate . the scene take place with the natural light come through the window that look out on a spacious patio . salvador leave the snack on the bed and hand he mother the tin box . it 's very pretty , a box of fine confectionary from the Palace pantry . a very intimate scene . salvador here 's you snack . mother I be not eat that black madeleine . salvador they 's be wholegrain , mom . the eternal battle . mother one day you be go to bring I a plate of alfalfa to eat because now they say it 's good for you . come on , sit here , on the bed . salvador insist that at least she have to drink the milk . he sit on the edge of the bed , face she . the bed be cover with a large hand - crochete bedspread . near the wing chair we see the stick on which she lean to walk . ( a gift from salvador . a quality stick . ) the mother have already open the tin box . all she attention be focus on its interior . the box contain a great variety of object , religious or pagan , all of great symbolic and sentimental value . there be two entangle rosary , a little hard - back book inside which there be a prayer to St. Anthony , several little box with religious image contain neck chain with a crucifix or thing like that , a few scapular , a very old pen which salvador 's father give she . and the wooden egg . there be also a white cloth in which the widow 's veil be carefully wrap . the mother take out the two entangle rosary and start untangle they . mother do you remember how you have to lay I out ? salvador look at she , ever so slightly feed up . they have already discuss that subject many time . salvador yeee . mother if we be in the village , call petra , she 's use to it , and if I die here , and I hope I do not , because I want to die in my own bed , Maya and mercede will give you a hand . salvador do we have to talk about this now ? mother yes . the mother leave the rosary , now separate , on the bedside table and look inside the box again . she take a white cloth , a simple remnant of white material , which protect the fold black mantilla . she take out the black mantilla as if it be a ritual and cover she head with it . her face be now frame by the black cloth which reach she waist . mother ( as she put on the mantilla in the traditional way ) on my head , a half mantilla , because I be a widow . salvador help she finish put on the mantilla , the ritual affect he more than it do he mother who do and say everything in a totally natural way . salvador and the habit of Jesus of medinaceli , with its girdle . the mother remind he of the rest . she take the more use rosary and leave the new one on the bedside table . mother that 's right , with its girdle . put a rosary between my hand . ( she show he the one she have in she hand . ) use this one , the old one . I want you to keep the new one . salvador would not you prefer the new one ? mother no . and I want to go barefoot . if they tie my foot to bury I , you untie they and say I ask you to . the place I be go to , I want to go in very lightly . even though he have hear it many time , salvador be always strike by that last word , light foote . jacinta take a old pen out of the tin box . salvador see in the box the wooden egg with which he remember she darn a sock the night they spend in the station . jacinta you father give I this pen . with it I write all my letter to he when we be court . salvador point to the wooden egg inside the box . salvador and the wooden egg , mom ? jacinta take it out of the box . mother I darn so much with this egg ! of all this thing it 's the one with least value . salvador then give it to I ! jacinta hand he the egg . she do not understand what it be about that particular humble object that make salvador choose it over everything else , the pen , for example . mother here , you have just inherite it . salvador hold it in he finger and look at it as if it be a magic object . 111 . | salvador 's house . kitchen . int . night ( the present ) salvador take something creamy , a liquid yogurt or a fine purée . it 's mercede who be eat a wholegrain madeleine dunking it in she cup of tea . just as jacinta like to do , but with madeleine that be not wholegrain . salvador recently I have be think a lot about she . mercede in Dr. galindo 's office you say that you still have not get over you mother 's death . I do not know ... salvador when I be doze , which be most of the time , I always end up think about my mother and my childhood . mercede but you never talk about she or about you childhood in you film . salvador my mother do not like it . mercede you think not ? salvador she tell I one of the last time she be in hospital . 112 . hospital . int . day ( flashback . four year before ) jacinta , 84 , be sit next to the bed in a armchair that allow she to stretch out she leg . she be hook up to a drip . beside she , sit on a imitation leather couch , salvador run he fingertip delicately over one of she leg . despite she age , jacinta 's skin be smooth and white , like that of a young woman . salvador you leg be so clean , mother . mother I take after my family in that . there be no varicose vein in my family . she look at he steadily , as if see right through he . mother what a pity , love ! salvador why ? mother you 'il have a very bad old age . you take after you father 's family . salvador Mom , the thing you say ! come on , tell I how you sleep last night . mother so-so . I be with my neighbor lola all night . salvador salvador listen to she carefully . mother be start to lose it any case , he think the story be delightful . ( very surprised ) here , in the room ? mother no , no , in dream . I dream about she all night . ( tone of someone tell a _ story ) I have just arrive in the village , and I hear lola knock on my door , as always when she hear I arrive back from Madrid . even though it be a dream , I remember that lola be dead , but I open the door , and there she be , just the same as ever , except that she be a bit transparent . I be not scared and I say to she : lola , I suppose you be not happy and you want I to do something , but you have to tell I what it be and I promise I will do it . ( she do the two voice in the conversation . ) no , jacinta , I be happy , she answer . but how can you be happy ? , I say to she . if you be happy , you would not appear .. I be appear to you because my daughter would be very scared . mother but why be you come to the village when it 's so cold ? I do not feel cold or heat now , she answer , and there 's no better place to be than in you house . you be right about that , I say . salvador encourage she to continue talk . salvador what else ? mother do not get that storyteller look . do not put this in any of you film . I do not like my neighbor he think that he ( talk to the dead ) . in appear . I do not like autofiction ! salvador be amused to hear he mother talk about autofiction . salvador what do you know about autofiction ! mother I hear you explain it in a interview . my neighbor do not like you show they , they think you treat they like redneck . salvador look at she , astonished . salvador Mom , the thing you say ! I could not treat they with more respect or devotion ! whenever I can , I talk about you and I say that you and the neighbor make I what I be . I owe everything to you . the mother shake she head in a gesture that end up be funny . mother they do not like it . 113 . salvador 's house . kitchen . int . day . ( flashback ) the house be almost the same as four year later , perhaps there be a different painting in the kitchen . the mother be sit at the kitchen table . salvador let 's go for a walk , you have not move today . mother ( she protest ) I have not move because I have nowhere to go . salvador well , now you do . come on . mother where ? salvador to the hallway . jacinta be not in a good mood . salvador lead she by the arm , the mother take very short step , down the long hallway ( metaphor for time ) that cross the house , where four year later she son will walk from time to time . as well as on she son 's arm , the mother lean on a stick . suddenly , jacinta break the silence , without acrimony , which make it even more hurtful . mother you have not be a good son . salvador look at she , stunne . salvador no? mother no . you never forgive I _ for recommend you to the pious woman in paterna . and I think you take revenge for that . I do not want you to go to the seminary either , but we be poor . salvador ( without get upset , but hurt ) it 's true that I do not want to go , but from that to want to take revenge on you .. how can you think that ? cut. 114 . salvador 's house . on the terrace . ( cont ’d ) salvador and he mother continue the conversation sit on the terrace . mother after you get you diploma , you could not wait to go to Madrid . and when you father die , I ask if you want I to live with you . you wriggle out of it , you say you be live a life that you could not share with I . salvador and it be true . but not as you understand it . salvador be surprised and upset by jacinta 's restrain cruelty . mother I understand it perfectly . ( I be very bad on my foot , but my mind be as clear as a bell . ) salvador when I be not travel , I be filming . you could not have put up with the solitude of a apartment in Madrid . that be no life for you . mother I have have look after you . I have have adapt as I have adapt to so many thing . but you do not want it . and that hurt I . jacinta be very firm , without raise she voice . salvador 's eye glisten , he 's on the verge of tear . salvador Mom , I be very sorry I be never the son you want . when you use to say '' who have that child take after ? '' , you be not exactly say it with pride . and I realize . I fail you , simply by be as I be . and I be very sorry . the mother do not answer , she maintain a dignify , cruel silence . she do not give a inch . it seem that the confession ( and the provocation it imply ) have unburdene she . 115 . salvador 's S house . guest room and mother 's room . int . night . ( flashback . four year earlier ) salvador cover he mother with the eiderdow . mother and son be closer than in the other sequence . mother pass I St. Anthony . salvador take a holy card of St. Anthony from the bedside table . salvador here . mother I will pray for you tonight . salvador thank you . mother salvador , I bring you into this world and I slave so you could get ahead . salvador I know , mom . mother ( plead ) take I back to the village . that 's my last and only wish . a explicit , firm wish that do not allow for a common sense answer : that she be sick and that whether in the village or in Madrid she ’1ll be constantly in and out of hospital . salvador very well . we 'il go to the village . with Maya , so she can do the housework . i’11 look after you day and night . this time I will not fail you , mom . 116 . salvador 's house . kitchen int . day . ( the present ) salvador ( bitter ) but I could not keep my promise . the next day I have to take she back to the hospital . mercede you do what you could . salvador yes , but she want to die in the village . and I have promise to take she there . the poor thing die in the icu of a hospital , alone . 117 . hospital . radiology waiting room . int . day mercede and salvador wait outside the radiologist 's office . to kill time ( and to distract he ) , mercede show he the invitation she 's bring from she house and some mail . mercede you be invite to give a talk in Iceland . it 's well pay . salvador I do not understand how they can like I so much in Iceland . mercede neither do i. there be a invitation from a second rate gallery for a group exhibition . the work that illustrate the invitation , on one side , show a boy , bath by a overhead light , surround by flowerpot , read a book , on a floor of hydraulic tile . mercede I do not throw it out because I think the draw have something . salvador look at it , shocked . he start to talk but just then he 's call . 118 . hospital . cat room ( communicate with a little glass window ) int . day . salvador close he eye and breathes . he let he mind wander as he slide inside the tunnel that project the radiation . the bang at the beginning ( as noisy as if he own brain be provoking they ) fade away . his mind connect with paterna , when he be a happy child , at the start of the ' 60' . we start to hear mina 's voice sing come sinfonia . 119 . paterna . family cave . int . day . ( 1966 ) the cave in which salvador life with he parent be much more presentable than in the earlier memory , although there be still some chipping and peel . the floor be levele out with cement which join up the various patch of hydraulic tile . there be bed in the two '' bedroom '' . instead of door , there be curtain make with a combination of various scrap of material sewn together . in the little patio , under the skylight , there be several flowerpot with plant , geranium , etc . and a large earthenware jar , almost three foot high , full of drink water . at that moment , the mother have go to sew at the home of the village 's pious woman , and the father be drink in the bar . it 's Sunday . eduardo , the young builder , be put the last touch to a surface of hydraulic tile , above the two sink , which be now finish . he be dirty and sweaty , he 's wear short work pants and a white vest . there 's a empty cement bag . salvador - child hear he work . he 's sit in the patio , under a blaze sun that come through the skylight . on the worktop by the sink , a little transistor play a song of the time , come sinfonia , sung by mina . salvador be absorb in he book and do not realize that the sun be beat down on he head and shoulder . eduardo ( tapping the tile gently so they stick to the wall ) hey , when 's you mother come back ? salvador at lunch time . when she go to sew at the pious woman 's house she stay there all morning . eduardo finish with the tile , he wipe he hand on he pants and turn to salvador who be read . he look at the scene in detail : the boy read , the overhead sunlight , the pot of red geranium on the floor and hang on the wall , the hydraulic tile form figure on the floor . the whole thing , together with the song , be a composition of impressionist beauty . he take a piece of brown paper which have be wrap around the bag of cement and put it on a work table , with trestle , on which he have stand to paint the ceiling . he take some pencil from a bag . eduardo do not move ... salvador do not move , he concentrate on the book , obedient . he do not realize that he head be burn . eduardo draw some line on the brown paper . he pause on the boy 's eye . with rapid stroke he capture the oval of salvador 's face , he uncomb hair , the bulrush chair , the flowerpot , the floor ... during the process he give instruction to salvador , who obey 's without object . the silence and mina 's song create a very intimate atmosphere . when he finish the first stage of the draw , eduardo get up and show it to salvador . eduardo what do you think ? the boy look at the draw . salvador it 's lovely . eduardo I still have to finish it . i’1ll take it home and do it . it 's the same draw that mercede have just show salvador , print on the invitation . cut. 120 . paterna . family cave . int . day . near the kitchen , on the floor , there be a basin full of water . eduardo do you mind if I get wash ? look at the state I be in . he have not dirtied just he clothes with the building material , but also he arm , hand , etc . salvador go to he parent 's room and bring he a bar of soap . salvador here . eduardo thank you . salvador do not feel well . he go to he room and lie down on the bed while eduardo undress . in the half light of the bedroom , salvador 's cheek , very red , gleam with sweat . under the same overhead light which light the child before , eduardo , naked , pour water all over he body which gleam palely . he use a plastic container for this . from he room , lie on the bed , salvador listen perturb to the dull sound of the water against the hydraulic tile , after slide over the builder 's naked body . when eduardo finish wash , he shout to he : eduardo salvador ! will you bring I a towel ? the boy get up from he little bed and go to he parent 's room . he take a towel from a pile of clean clothes pile up on two chair . he go out to the hallway and look into the patio . eduardo 's naked body be gleam under the light from the skylight . salvador drop the towel . he bend down to pick it up and when he try to straighten up he feel dizzy and collapse on the floor . cut. 121 . paterna . family cave . bedroom . int . day . salvador lie on the bed . eduardo be sit at he side , on a low chair . he touch he cheek and forehead , worried . eduardo you be burn up ! you must have get sunstroke . eduardo 's body be damp , he hair be wet and he wet tee shirt be stick to he torso . they hear the door . 122 . paterna . family cave . int . day . ( cont ’d ) it 's jacinta , the mother . she come in , laden with clothes to sew from the village 's pious woman , and a bag with some shopping . she drop it all on the floor , alarmed by what she see , salvador lie on the bed and eduardo sit next to he . from the door : mother what 's happen ? salvador ! eduardo be intimidate by the mother 's sudden appearance and she tone . eduardo he get a lot of sun . the mother come into the room . eduardo stand up . she look at he , with the wet clothes cling to he damp body . the mother do not like the image of the two boy . that complicity . during the rest of the sequence , she be surly with eduardo , as if she suspect something . salvador I be read ... mother ( to salvador ) do not you realize that the sun be shine on you ! ( she touch he forehead . ) you be burn up ! salvador I do not realize ... mother ( to eduardo ) and you ... ( she restrain from say what the hell be you do here ) what ? eduardo remain stand , look at they , not really know what to do . eduardo I have finish put up the tile in the kitchen and , as he faint , I bring he here . I do not want to leave he on he own . mother ( more alarmed ) you faint ? salvador a bit . I get dizzy ... mother do not get up . I be go to get a vinegar poultice for you . I suppose you father 's in the bar ! salvador yes . mother he tell I he have stay in the house ! the mother be annoyed with the father . she pick up the bag with the shopping and leave the bag with clothes to be sewn on a chair . she be tired and she do not like the situation . 123 . paterna . family cave . int . day . ( cont ’d ) she go off to the kitchen , near the patio , follow by eduardo . mother what 's that basin do here ? the basin with soapy water be in the same place as when eduardo be wash . eduardo I wash myself a bit . jacinta go over to the kitchen , take a cloth and start to soak it in vinegar . reproachful : mother you could have wait till you get home . it 's hard work for I carry water here . eduardo I be really dirty . i’1ll bring a basin and dry the floor . mother no , bring the water . I x11 clean this up . eduardo go to take the basin of water . he try to ease the situation , he 's proud of he work and he hope that will improve jacinta 's mood . eduardo the tile turn out very nice ! the woman nod slightly . mother thank you . eduardo I will get the water . I will not be long . jacinta watch he leave , without change she expression . she go to salvador 's bedroom , with the cloth soak in vinegar . when she pass the builder 's table , she find the draw of salvador sit on the chair read and surround by geranium . she feel sick to she stomach . 124 . hospital . radiologist 's office . int . day ( the present ) the radiologist be sit on one side of the desk ( we see she earlier in she cubicle , when she be do the cat scan ) , mercede and salvador be across from she , tense , mercede more so than salvador . a 3d illustration fill one of the wall . there be also a treadmill , the kind you see in gym . radiologist first of all , I want to reassure you . there be no tumor . that be totally discount . salvador and mercede sigh with relief . salvador but there 's something wrong with I , because I even choke on puré . radiologist yes , what you have get , that dysphagia , be call forestier 's syndrome . you can see it more clearly here . she show he the cat scan image on the computer screen . the radiologist show he various cervical section on the computer . the image illustrate precisely the radiologist 's word . salvador and mercede look at she , pay great attention . radiologist you see this white part , next to the vertebra ? it 's a osteocyte , a ossification . ( she point . ) here you can see the esophagus , displace by that ossification . there 's practically no room for food to get through , not even liquid . that 's why you choke . salvador and mercede listen very closely . salvador why do that bone grow so much there ? radiologist forestier 's syndrome be a rare disease and we do not know what cause it . we know it affect the tendon , ligament and joint capsule , which calcify , but we do not know why . in you case the anterior ligament of the spine have calcify . salvador and mercede look closely at the x-ray . salvador and can anything be do ? radiologist surgery , that ossification have to be remove as soon as _ possible . but do not worry , it be not a risky operation . the gastroenterologist and the surgeon will explain it much more detail . 125 . gallery . int . day . they go through a large , treeless patio . the gallery be a glass - in area , with a awning . almost all the painting can be see without go inside . the exhibition be call popular Art . salvador and mercede go into the glass - in area . the picture they be interested in be see immediately . mercede and salvador go up to it . salvador , hide he emotion , look at the watercolor and the glass protect it reflect he . we can see the two salvador , the one who be the child teacher and the present day one . the person attend to the public come up to they . the owner , probably . a man with a french accent . gallery owner be you interested in the watercolor ? salvador yes . I have like to buy it . who 's the artist ? gallery owner it 's anonymous , almost all the work be unsign . salvador how do it get here ? gallery owner I buy it at the flea market in Barcelona . it 's one of my favorite piece . salvador so you have no idea who the artist could be ? gallery owner there 's something write on the back . but they be all anonymous artist who probably do not even know that they be artist . 126 . STREET in madrid . inside the van . int. / ext . day salvador turn the draw over . ( we suppose that he have previously remove the frame . ) there be a dedication on the back . salvador recognize eduardo 's childish write . we hear the content off screen in eduardo 's voice . eduardo off dear salvador , I be send the draw to you home because I do not have the address of the school . I be happy to be able to write to you . you teach I and I be very grateful . I be work now in conchita 's uncle 's store and I be good at number . all thanks to you . it 's nice here , but I miss life in the cave . and you , in particular . every time I write I think of you hand guide mine . I be sure you be learn a lot at school , read lot of book and see lot of film . I be give you my address in bilbao . maybe you can write and tell I . you pupil . ( sign ) eduardo . ( follow by a address in bilbao ) . salvador be touch by the dedication . mercede look at he without say anything . 127 . salvador 's house . int . day . the draw be part of the desk . we hear the song come sinfonia sung by mina . the same song as be play on the transistor when eduardo draw salvador , fifty year before . from the start of this sequence we hear the sound of type on a computer . salvador be write quickly , as if he be short of time . we see the title at the top of the document : the first desire . as well as hearing mina 's song , we see it , on the screen of salvador 's cell phone , a YouTube video , in black and white , from that time . mercede come into the study area . she seem he so deep in concentration that she do not want to disturb he . she love to see he write . salvador be write very quickly on the computer . he look at the clock . mercede ( serious , tender , try to sound neutral ) you have to start dress in half a hour . salvador , without pause in he write : salvador remind I just before . his expression have change , he 's a different salvador , calm , he write with ten finger , he do not need to look at the keyboard . 128 . STREET in madrid . inside the van . int. / ext . day . on the way to the hospital . salvador be look out the window at life in the city . he be serious . a middle - age father push a double pram with a set of twin . a South american woman help a elderly lady to walk . the shouting of a group of adolescent , several people with dog , man and woman isolate by headphone or talk on they phone . mercede what do you think happen with the draw ? salvador eduardo send it to paterna , my mother would have receive it . I be at the priest 's school by then and she do not send it to I or tell I about it . mercede never ? salvador never. pensive . mercede be you go to try to find he ? salvador eduardo ? mercede it 's easier now , with Google . or go back to paterna and ask about he . salvador fifty year later ? ( he shake he head . ) it 's a good idea for a story and maybe I will write it , but look for he would be crazy . mercede how on earth do the draw get to the flea market in Barcelona ? salvador no idea . by chance , but what matter be that it get to the person it be intend for . 129 . hospital . operating theater . int . day . some nurse wheel salvador in on a gurney . General view of the operate theater . Dr. galindo be the anesthetist , he go over to the gurney . they greet each other amicably . salvador be reassure by the doctor 's presence . the atmosphere be typical of a operation . dr . galindo ( in a mask and cap ) how be you , salvador ? salvador hello , doctor . dr . galindo I hear . no wonder you could not swallow . but do not worry , we will get rid of this right away . salvador smile . despite the fear inherent to the situation , he be calm . the doctor prepare 's the anesthetic . salvador Doctor , I be write again . he say it in the tone of '' and I have like to keep do it 's . dr . galindo ( injecting the anesthetic ) really ? that 's great news ! I be delighted , salvador . Drama or comedy ? salvador I do not know . you do not know that ... he be about to say '' until the end '' but the anesthetic trap he sweetly before he can finish the sentence . 130 . train station . ext . night . ( 1966 ) from that colorless , painless place , we start to see the railway track in the train station converge in a knot and spread out like a cobweb . salvador 's voice say off screen : salvador off in the 1960s , many spaniard have to emigrate in search of fortune . I go with my mother to paterna where my father be wait for we . cut. 131 . train station . int . / ext . night . firework explode in the night sky . the boy , stand at one of the door of the hall / wait room of the station , be look , bewitch , at the delight of the firework , rocket explode and spread out like branch of different color palm tree . jacinta 's voice come from inside the hall , weary , feed up , call he . mother salva , come and help I . the boy go up to he mother . outside , the orgy of firework continue until it end in a catharsis that flood the celestial surface . 132 . train station . waiting room / hall . int . night . the mother spread a blanket on the floor to make a bed . outside the orgy of firework continue . they be surround by bundle . the boy lie on the wooden bench , wrap in a blanket and with a bundle as a pillow . the mother lie on the makeshift bed on the floor . she be stare into space , probably try to imagine they future . in that relaxed tone that precede sleep , mother and child talk : salvador Mom , will there be a cinema in paterna ? mother if we have a house that 'il be enough for I , love . the boy roll over , turn he back on he mother . jacinta think of the destiny that await she family . in she eye there be uncertainty , fear and hope . the camera start to pull back . 133 . | train station . waiting room . int . night . ( the present ) the backward tracking shot slowly show we salvador 's past and he future / present , coexist in the same space . we see the tracking rail , the sound technician , with he arm raise , hold the mike boom , some LED screen on the floor illuminate the actress play the mother , penélope Cruz , absorb , stare into space think of what lie ahead for she character . on the opposite wall , surround by part of the film crew , present day salvador look intensely at the video screen with which he control the shot he 's filming . he look like he 's control he emotion . salvador cut . assistant we have cut . penélope Cruz come out of she character and recover she own appearance . as a actress she 's aware that destiny , at least that of she son in the story , be there , in the other half of the wait room . the represent past and the present coexist separate only by the rail of a little tracking shot . sitting on the blanket , penélope look over at salvador , the director . she know what this scene represent for he and she look for he complicity and approval . salvador be wear sunglass to protect he eye from the light and to hide he emotion . esther appear on one side and stand in the center of the frame to chant the clapperboard she 's hold . esther 38 , 5 , first . final clapper . among the detail usually write on the clapper ( name of the camera operator , of the director , etc. ) we can see the title of the film salvador be shoot : the first desire . the screen sink into a long fade to black until the credit start . the end .