palm spring written by Andy siara Story by Andy siara & Max barbakow Party over here 1635 n. cahuenga Blvd . 4th floor Los Angeles , CA 90028 July 27 , 2018 ext . california desert - day we be low to the ground , float through a patch of Desert marigolds sway with the breeze , a stark contrast to they desolate , eerily silent surroundings . until -- a tortoise trudge into frame , a impose prehistoric beast from this angle . Three heal scar mar its shell -- remnant of a lifelong shitstorm . and it 's about to get worse . a massive EARTHQUAKE hit , the tortoise halt . a crack splinter in the earth 's crust -- orange light burst up -- mother nature take the tortoise , bury it alive . or dead . who know ? who care ? CUT to : a perfectly clear night sky . full moon , every constellation . as we pan across , the muffle sound of Gram parson 's '' return of the grievous angel '' crescendos until we land on its source : a roadside biker bar . a true desert dive lose in time . int . roadside biker bar - night push in on nyle , 35 -- he head down on the bar , dress in swim trunk and a Hawaiian shirt , a full glass of whiskey to the side . how he end up here be anyone 's guess , but what 's clear be a fade self - regard and fatalistic outlook . a few barflies throw dart and eat chili behind he . darla , 60 , a crusty regular , rub he leg . nyle shoot up . darla you okay , sweetheart ? nyle I have feel everything I will ever feel so I will never feel ever again . Darla look to ted the bartender -- darla what be you pour this kid , Ted ? ted the bartender that 's he first drink . nyle I think I know how to live . but I do not . or , I do not ? you know what I mean . darla darlin’ , take a look around : whatever you be after , it be not here ... nyle stare back at Darla -- for a uncomfortably long time . Darla cock she head . what the fuck be this guy on ? darla ( to Ted the bartender ) you sure he do not take something ? ted the bartender he 's sober . kid 's just mope there . nyle glare at Ted , defiantly shoot back he whiskey , and shatter he glass on the floor . nyle I be a fuck adult , thaddeus . ted the bartender talk to I like that and you will be pull you tooth from the bar . nyle size up the barfly leer at he . he turn to Ted and hold a peace sign ... and rotate it into a middle finger . CUT to : ext . roadside biker bar - night we hear the sound of a fight : shout , glass breaking -- the front door fly open and two giant biker hurl nyle face first onto the gravel parking lot , then go back inside . CUT to : ext . desert dirt road - night nyle trudge up a moonlit road . he take a tecate from he pocket and drink as he reach the top of a hill , where another source of light illuminate he face . he gaze out with a look of recognition -- and resignation : a large estate at the end of the road , 100 yard down , in this otherwise pitch black desert valley . the MAIN house in the center , with two large guest house , all connect through strand of twinkle light extend down a long dirt driveway , pack full of hybrid car . nyle continue toward the estate , pass a sign : '' tala & abe 's wedding - November 9 , '' stencile on driftwood in white futura font . nyle slap it down as he pass . nyle nooooooovember ninth . pre -lap the sound of laughter from a crowd -- ext . calmada estate - backyard - night a pinterest board come to life : under a intricately design web of light fix to palm tree , fifty wedding guest of all age and dress in all sort of hip , eclectic attire sit at table assemble around a dance floor , where misty ( 28 , a bridesmay with face gem ) be give a draw - out speech -- misty +. hashtag lifegoal . so , this be suppose to be three minute and I be go on like ten . sorry , not sorry . tala ( 28 , bride , flower crown ) wooos to misty , then cuddle up with she groom , abe ( 28 , dapper ' stache ) , high on marriage . misty to wrap thing up ... tala , girl , you be the sister I always want . tala Love you , babe ! at the bar : sarah harris ( 32 , cool tattoo , a emotional fortress , tala 's real sister ) , scoff at this as she wait for she wine to be fill . luckily she 's far enough away so no one hear she besides daisy the bartender ( 30 , droll ) who fill she wine halfway . sarah throw I a bone , this be not the day for moderation . after a brief staredown , Daisy fill the rest , let it spill over the edge . Sarah smile , tip $ 10 , glug half the glass , and head back to the table . everyone clink they drink for tala and abe to kiss -- abe that 's my cue -- abe , always the charmer , pull tala in for a long kiss while guest cheer . as he release she , Sarah return to she seat across from they , watch with quiet judgement . tala smile at she sister , Sarah feign one back . misty turn the page of she note -- misty oh , wait , there 's still another page . i’1l make this quick . the laughter be die out . this be really drag on . misty I decide to Google the two most important thing about marriage . Love and commitment . sarah Jesus Christ . tala shoot Sarah a look : stop. Sarah nod : yeah , sorry . misty Love be '' to feel a deep romantic or sexual attachment to someone . '' we know they be fine in that department . tala and Sarah 's parent , howard and pia ( 5as ) , wince . Sarah let out a unconvincing chuckle . misty and commitment be '' the state or quality of be dedicated to a cause , activity , etcetera . '' silence . cricket . not the triumphant end she hope for . tala woo-hoo ! tala and abe stand and clap . everyone else join in applause . misty without further ado , let I bring up the may of honor , the actual big sister of the bride , Sarah . all eye land on Sarah -- catch mid wine sip . sarah uh ... Sarah do not move . Howard lean across the table . howard get on up there , peanut . sarah no one tell I I be suppose to give a speech . howard of course you be suppose to give a speech , you be the may of honor . that 's you main job . pia she 's be drink , Howard . Sarah look at she sister and abe apologetically . tala struggle to hide she disappointment . nyle ( 0.s. ) ( subtitled italian , Spanish , and french ) bonsoir mis familia et amici ! head swivel to the dance floor . nyle have commandeer a mic . misty ( away from she mic ) what be you do ? nyle go in for the assist , babe . I would like to share my thought on love . misty no , you would not . on the bride / GROOM table : abe who 's this guy ? tala misty 's boyfriend . dance floor , nyle address the guest : nyle here 's what you want to hear , what I want to say , what you want I to say . what all this solipsistic horseshit mean ... Sarah stifles a laugh . nyle notice . nyle you be bear lose , then you be find ... but we be all just lose , be I right ? 6 . Sarah watch intently . be he talk about I ? other guest trade awkward glance . nyle but this two . tala Anne Harris and abraham Eugene trent schlieffen , you proudly wave the middle finger in the face of all that negativity . then you give it a thumb up . some smile begin to trickle through the crowd . nyle you optimism , you selflessness , it 's in you blood . just look at nana and papa schlieffen . after narrowly escape persecution in Nazi Germany , they devote themselves to give other refugee a safe passage to the U.S . nana and papa schlieffen ( 90 ) smile at the shout out . papa pat he sudanese son , jerry ( 20 ) , on the back . nyle they find hope , purpose , and empowerment through love . and I see that same fire burn in you two . you ’1ll use you love for good . to inspire . to change . tala lean into abe -- tala how do he know all that ? abe shake he head -- he have no clue . nyle tala . Lovely , stun tala . tonight 's true beacon of altruism . there 's something most people here probably do not know about you , but they should , so they can all appreciate the wealth of humanity on display . I hope it 's okay ? tala have no idea what he 's about to say . nyle it 's not just time and money that tala give to so many charitable cause . she donate she physical self : bone marrow . ( more ) nyle ( cont 'd ) while we all gorge that shit , she give hers up to baby brother nico , save he life . everyone be stunne by this revelation . tala smile at she hipster brother , nico ( 23 ) , through scattered applause -- nyle you should clap , it 's scary ! she give so much . but now it 's time we give to you . nyle lock eye with Sarah , like he 's address she now . nyle here you be . on the precipice of something much larger than any of we , face that wide open road . it may seem frightening , fill with uncertainty . but remember : you be not alone . tala and abe look at they guest , hang on every word . nyle everyone here be you family . we be you world . we will bolster you up when you be low , and we will cheer you on with delight in we eye as you fulfill you every dream . so , raise a glass . nyle take a tecate from the pocket of he swim trunk and hold it up , again look at Sarah : nyle we may be bear lose . but you have be find . ( subtitle Arabic : '' welcome home . " '' ) marhabaan bik fi albayt . cheer and tear all around , as we pre lap the tropical disco beat of Brian eno and Karl hyde 's '' daddy 's car . '' ext . calmada estate - backyard - later a bacchanalian dance party . guest bounce , groove , grind -- energize by the love in the air . tala bhangras with she dad , Howard . nana schlieffen shimmy with Jerry from Sudan . abe soulja boy with he new mother - in- law , pia . brother nico make out with erin ( 27 , bridesmay ) . 8 . Sarah nurse she wine off to the side , watch tala and abe. randy ( 25 , bolo tie , top knot ) , drunkenly dance up to she . sarah I already tell you no earlier . what make you think I change my mind ? randy I dunno , you have have more to drink ? sarah you can not say that to I -- randy oh whatever , I do not have time for a lecture . Randy dance away , one hand in the air . Sarah shake she head , and as she take another sip of wine -- she lock eye with nyle , across the dance floor , smile back at she . nyle strut onto the dance floor , navigate the sea of partier with a cool familiarity . he effortlessly anticipate each pass guest 's dance move and incorporate they into he own unique , complicated , and fuck bizarre routine . he weave he way over and present himself in front of Sarah , hold out he hand : dance with I ? she shake she head . not a chance . he tuck in he Hawaiian shirt , slick he hair back , lick he finger and groom he eyebrow , then pirouettes . there 's intrigue on she face at least . her aloof facade may be drop ... but she still decline . nyle shrug , then perform a flawless cartwheel back to the center of the floor , narrowly kick multiple guest yet , somehow , miss each one by inch . he continue let loose with Sarah 's family -- high -five to Howard and abe , a twirl for pia , a undeniable master of this universe . off Sarah , increasingly curious about this odd stranger . ext . calmada estate - backyard - later as nyle wait patiently at the bar , something hit he sense . he look around , suddenly alert ... he squint -- off in the distance : behind some shrub , shroud in darkness , a silhouette , sway side to side ... be that a person ? nyle sniff the air ... sarah ( 0.s. ) what be you smell ? startle , nyle spin to find Sarah behind he . cover , he sniff she hair . nyle viktor and rolf flowerbomb , right ? Sarah cock she head . sarah uh , yeah . that 's weird . nyle I know my hair mist . date a girl who bath in it . sarah I hate it , but it be a birthday present from tala last year and she would kill I if I do not wear it . Daisy the bartender return with two cocktail . nyle offer one to Sarah . nyle I always order two drink at a time . save a extra trip . sarah or maybe you be a alcoholic ? nyle shrug : yeah , maybe . she take the drink , they cheer , then meander away from the bar . sarah you be misty 's boyfriend , right ? I do not think we meet at the rehearsal last night . I be Sarah . nyle nyle . so what 's the deal , you do not like to dance ? sarah plantar fasciitis . nyle respect . Sarah smile , just as nana and papa schlieffen interject . 10 . papa schlieffen Son , I have be to more wedding in my life than you could imagine -- nyle you would be surprised . papa schlieffen I have to say that you speech be the best wedding speech I have ever hear . shukraan . papa schlieffen pat nyle on the shoulder and walk off . sarah you do not actually believe any of that stuff you spout , right ? nyle not a word . we be all fuck alone . a o0.s. cough -- nyle anxiously glance at the shrub again , that sway silhouette still there . nyle hey , uh , want to go somewhere we can be alone ? sarah wow . that 's a little forward . what 's the rush ? nyle you mom 's about to sing and I can not handle that right now . nyle gesture to the dance floor , where pia and she two sister be set up to sing a song . as Sarah look over , nyle glance back to the desert shrub ... then Randy emerge from behind , zipping up he pants . he be just pee . nyle exhales with total relief , and turn back to Sarah with a renew ease about he . sarah what would misty think about we run off together ? CUT to : angle through a window : misty lean against the bathroom sink as trevor ( 25 , groom beard , Zara suit ) go down on she . sarah ( 0.s. ) can not say I ever really like she . 11 . ext . calmada estate - side yard - that moment reveal : nyle and Sarah squeeze next to each other , spying on the scene through a small window . nyle she have she moment . but yeah . this one hurt . sarah you know she try to get tala to make she the may - of- honor because I miss the bachelorette party ? manipulative bitch . ( then ) who 's the guy ? nyle ex-boyfriend . trevor . sarah why do not you go in and stop they ? nyle there be not a world where this two do not end up together . nyle stop look , lean against the house , gaze out to the desert . he actually do seem a little affect by this . Sarah slide down beside he . misty 's moan continue . sarah well , if it make you feel any better , you give a great speech and everyone out there love you . nyle that 's true . sarah on the other hand , they see I as a liability who fuck around and drink too much . nyle why would they think that ? sarah because I fuck around and drink too much . nyle mmm . do not we all ? 12 . misty squeal -- nyle gesture behind he : see what I mean ? sarah and now they just worry and try to take care of I , but it 's suffocating . nyle yeah , I be never great with unsolicite help . like , do not tell I how to live my life . sarah exactly , I can fend for myself . nyle of course you can . you do not need a leg up -- another moan , follow by -- misty ( 0.s. ) -- hold my leg up -- nyle that be weird . sarah this be so fuck up . nyle soooo fuck up . they both look back through the window . sarah kind of hot though . they share a smile . lock in . she feel it , he feel it , spark fly , misty climax , shit 's get real . connection . ext . desert - on top of a boulder - night nyle and Sarah make out on top of a small boulder , not far from the party . Sarah keep try to untie nyle 's board short but they be double knotted . sarah okay , I give up . take off you clothes . nyle you get it . 13 . nyle stand up and seductively unbutton the top button of he shirt , the second ... then he rip it off . nyle move to he board short , but they be tie too tight for he , too . his faux suave - ness on hold as he focus in -- nyle almost get ‘em ... and ... he get it ! he yank they off , so he 's down to just he boxer- brief . sarah you wear underwear under you bathing suit ? thwack ! a arrow fly into nyle 's shoulder . nyle aggghh fuck !!! some blood spray onto Sarah 's face -- she scream ! nyle spot a man ( 5as ) in army fatigue and a hunting bow at the base of the boulder . nyle I think I smell you , you piece of shit ! the man fire another arrow , grazing nyle 's leave love handle . he scream in agony . sarah what the fuck be go on ?! who be that ?! the man begin to climb up to they . nyle stagger away from Sarah , slide down the opposite face of the boulder , and run off into the desert , the man in pursuit . ext . desert valley - moment later nyle round a corner and pause to catch he breath . he turn around . look like he lose the man . thwack ! a arrow fly into he thigh . nyle scream . nyle you be a sick fuck , Roy ! nyle sprint with everything he have around a bend . roy ( the man ) scurries out of the shadow after he . 14 . ext . desert hillside - moment later nyle hobble around the bend , lose blood , slow down ... and he collapse before a mound of boulder blankete the side of a hill ... almost at he destination : a triangle -shaped cave in the hillside , twenty foot ahead . but he can not make it in time -- Roy 's grunt just around the bend . Quick decision -- nyle army crawl to the other side of a nearby joshua Tree , conceal by darkness . he hold he breath , remain completely silent , just as -- Roy round the bend -- and stop before the cave . Roy look around , but he can not see nyle . it 's too dark . nyle 's Pov : Roy 's menace silhouette , fifteen foot away . Roy shout into the cave . roy keep run , shit bird . i’1l always find you . then , with a disappointed sigh , Roy march forward -- into the cave . and after a few second ... Roy vanish . weird . relieved , yet still in excruciate pain , nyle use he remain strength to crawl into the cave , follow Roy . int . triangle cave - continuous nyle go deeper , groan and wince with each movement . sarah ( 0.s. ) ( a loud whisper ) hey ! he turn he head to find Sarah , twenty foot back , stand at the mouth of the cave . nyle stop ! no no no -- sarah be you okay ? nyle do not come in here -- a powerful force suck nyle deeper into the cave -- farther and farther from sarah -- a burst of orange light -- 15 . misty ( pre - lap ) wake up . CUT to : int . nyle and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle wake up in bed , shirtless , free from any injury or scar . he roll over with a yawn to find misty wrap in a towel , leg up on the bed as she moisturize . her hair and make - up be wedding ready . nyle that 's a good leg . she give he a cheeky smile . int . nyle and misty 's bedroom - bathroom - morning misty and nyle have sex . and it 's a struggle . ( this be the same bathroom we see misty and trevor in . ) misty you close ? I can not start sweat . nyle work on it , darling . after a few more thrust , misty stop , frustrated . misty I have to get ready . just finish on you own . watch I , I do not care . misty head to the bedroom . nyle cool , yeah , that 's romantic . nyle try masturbate , watch she dig in she suitcase ... but he catch he reflection in the mirror -- sweat bead on he chest hair , fat jiggling with each stroke . he grimace back , full of shame , a weak man try to feel something ... so he stroke harder , faster , faster -- int . nyle and misty' bedroom - moment later starfish on the bed , nyle cycle through every channel on tv , never stop . misty pull on she bridesmay 's dress . 16 . misty no offense , but you be the only guy I have be with who 's have a problem come . and do not say the age thing . I have have older boyfriend . nyle keep he eye lock on the tv . nyle it 's not you , it 's I . misty yeah , no shit . nyle I mean it 's you , not I . misty funny . nyle I mean kill I . misty look , I know wedding make you super uncomfortable , but please do not bring we drama here . this day do not belong to we . it 's tala and abe 's . nyle give a thumb up . misty do not buy he sincerity , but also do not have time to argue . she escape to the bathroom . ext . calmada estate - front - morning Howard carry a driftwood sign down the driveway . at a fork in the road , he hammer it in the dirt with a mallet . reveal the sign : '' tala & abe 's wedding - November 9 . '' ext . calmada estate - backyard - morning in slow motion : nyle do a cannonball into the pool , soaking the pool deck with he splash . moment later nyle float on a inflatable pizza raft , beer in hand , a few in he pepperoni cup holder . Jerry ( from Sudan ) swim by on a kickboard . nyle offer he a beer from a BOX by the pool . 17 . jerry ( accept the beer ) shukraan . after a few moment : jerry good day so far ? nyle today , tomorrow , yesterday , it 's all the same . yourself ? jerry today be young . ask I again at the end . anything can happen . Jerry shoot nyle some flirtatious side - eye . nyle not today , sauce pot . Nice try , though . Jerry laugh nervously . sarah ( 0.s. ) you ! Sarah storm up to the side of the pool , almost slip on the water . nyle freeze -- sarah ( to nyle ) what the fuck do you do to I ? Jerry look at nyle , horrify . nyle see Jerry , look back to Sarah -- panic -- and submerges himself to escape . underwater nyle dodge a bombardment of tecate can throw from above . we be with he for as long as he can hold he breath , while we hear Sarah 's muffle shout -- sarah jump in the pool , grab nyle 's hair , yank he up -- nyle surface with a gasp , arm flailing -- sarah tell I what the fuck be go on ! 18 . but before nyle can come up with a answer : tala ( 0.s. ) Sarah ! Sarah turn : tala , hair and make - up wedding - ready , be crossing the yard -- tala oh my god , what be you do ?! tala reach the pool deck -- and slip on wet concrete -- she face smack the ground . match CUT to : ext . desert valley - the night before sarah' face -- all horror and confusion -- hide behind a bush as she watch : thwack ! a arrow fly into nyle 's thigh . nyle scream . nyle you be a sick fuck , Roy ! nyle sprint with everything he have around a bend . Roy scurries out of the shadow after he . Sarah wait . listen intently ... it 's quiet . but she can not miss whatever the fuck this be so she follow after in a full sprint -- ext . desert hillside - moment later Sarah round the corner but no one be there . she hear a SOUND -- a faint groan . come from -- the triangle cave . Sarah follow the groan -- until she 's at the mouth of the cave . she can faintly make out nyle crawl twenty foot in . sarah ( a loud whisper ) hey ! nyle turn he head -- nyle stop ! no no no -- 19 . sarah be you okay ? nyle do not come in here -- -- nyle vanish into the cave . no sound , no orange light . all go silent . sarah hello ? nothing . but something about the cave draw she in . some intangible urge she can not resist , this black hole of both curiosity and escape , and she have to know what 's inside . she step forward . int . triangle cave - continuous Sarah 's hand trace the wall for guidance . the moonlight dim as she go deeper ... until it 's completely pitch black . then -- a faint sliver of a orange light appear in the distance , grow brighter the closer she get . it light up she face , revealing a mix of wonder and fear -- sarah what the fuuuuuck ??? a orb of orange light swell -- engulf sarah -- she lose control of her body -- the orb collapse -- -- a bright burst of orange --— CUT to : sarah 's close eye lide the SUN beat down on they . her eyelid fly open -- int . bedroom - morning the harsh ray of sunlight slice through a gap in the curtain onto she face . she shoot up , assess she surroundings , piece thing together ... this room be familiar . shag carpet , black silk sheet , clothes scattered on the floor , someone in the shower . be that all a dream ? 20 . she jump out of bed , quickly dress , peer out a window : Howard and nico carry section of the altar , wrap in plastic ; pia talk to the florist by the main house . they be set up for the wedding . sarah what the fuck ? she hear the shower turn off . panic . she have to leave -- ext . calmada estate - side yard - morning the taupe backside of the estate . Desert shrub , a noisy ac unit , and , above it , a small window ... which open . Sarah wiggle out head first but get stick at she waist . sarah come on ... o.s. voice approach . she freeze , look toward two large trash bin by the corner -- Howard and nico appear with giant ball of plastic wrap . they do not see Sarah teeter out the window as they smash the plastic in the bin . Howard shut it and they walk off . once out of sight , Sarah use all she strength -- straining -- and push out -- take the entire window frame with she -- slam onto the air conditioner , bounce off , and land on a cactus . a silent scream -- ext . calmada estate - front - morning Sarah hurry to she Kia rental car , park among the other , and get in the front seat . int . sarah be car - parked - continuous Sarah catch she breath , steadying herself . she check she phone : the date and time - 9:40 be , November 9 . she drop it . what 's happen ? she stare into the rearview mirror and slap herself , again and again , sanity crack -- sarah wake up . wake up . behind her , we see Jerry in he swim trunk , towel over the shoulder , kickboard in hand . he stop to watch , weird out . 21 . jerry ( shouting ) be you okay ? sarah nothing make sense . they stare at each other for a moment -- helpless terror on she face , confusion on he . too much for he to handle , he scurries off to the backyard . she drop she head onto the steering wheel , give up . int . calmada estate - foyer - morning on sarah as she quietly open the front door , hope to go unnotice ... but be hit by the mad rush of people bustling about to set up , the onslaught of wedding decoration , tala and abe 's engagement poster before she . nausea strike -- pia ( 0.s. ) there you be ! pia stand on a ladder tie photo of tala and abe to tweed string across the room . pia ( shouting out ) tala ! I find Sarah ! pia waddle off the ladder and grab Sarah -- pia we be look for you all morning , come on -- she lead Sarah into the -- kitchen - continuous where nana schlieffen tie ribbon around silverware and nico blow up balloon . Howard cool off with a wet washcloth on he neck while drink a glass of water . howard Sarah , peanut ! ( give she a kiss ) you must have get up early , I check you room at six -- sarah yeah ... I go on a hike . 22 . howard you look exhaust . stay hydrate . Howard offer she he water . pia tala should be do with she make - up soon , so you need to be ready . sarah I need a minute . pia she make a specific order for you girl , and we already move misty up because we could not find you . Sarah 's gaze dart around the room , she mind racing . pia look sarah ( to Howard ) this be really happen , right ? howard I do not understand the question . sarah this day already happen . over at Howard with a concerned look ... howard what be you say ? sarah it be real . it feel so real . pia be you on drug again ? Sarah stop suddenly , stare out the window to the backyard . in the pool : Jerry ... and nyle . ext . calmada estate - backyard - morning Sarah storm up to the side of the pool , almost slip on the wet pool deck . nyle freeze at the sight of she . sarah what the fuck do you do to I ? Jerry look at nyle , horrify . nyle panic -- and submerges himself to escape . 23. Sarah grab can from the box of tecate , fire into the water at nyle while she berate he . sarah hey ! come back up here ! Jerry use he kickboard to shield himself . sarah jump in the pool , grab nyle 's hair , yank he up -- nyle surface with a gasp , arm flailing -- sarah tell I what the fuck be go on ! but before nyle can come up with a answer : tala ( 0.s. ) Sarah ! Sarah turn : tala be crossing the yard -- tala oh my god , what be you do ?! tala reach the pool deck -- and slip on wet concrete -- she face smack the ground . int . bridal suite - morning tala wail , clasp she bloody mouth . Sarah stand beside she , drench and shellshocked -- tala grab she hand -- it 's all out pandemonium ; a mess of snot , tear , and streak of mascara . pia , misty , and Erin ( bridesmay ) dab tala 's eye , nico look on with a morbid curiosity , Howard frantically pace around the bedroom on the phone . howard nico ! get I the tooth -- tala wail some more . nico hand tala 's teeth to Howard . howard ( into phone , be : tooth ) the three front tooth be break in half , one full canine ... I have guess two millimeter ? ... yes , the wedding be today ... in six hour ... Sarah silently observe this nightmare ... we go into she Pov : blurry face come into focus to scream at she : 24 . pia erin get ice , Sarah ! help ! help , Sarah ! do something ! «+. a nauseate nightmare ... swirl pastel ... misty why be you in the pool ? sarah I can not be here . this do not make any sense . none of this make any fuck sense ! pia you be make it worse ! Sarah flee to the door , fling it open , and startle when she find abe listen in -- abe what happen ? how be she ? tala do not let he in ! he can not see I ! abe I need to see you , baby ! tala do not fuck come in here ! howard ( cover phone ; to abe ) she will be okay . I find a dentist in Cathedral City ... ( into phone ) yes , sorry . we will be there soon ! abe lean in close to Sarah , quietly ask : abe how bad be it ? Sarah just stare back , trap by this bizarre situation . howard everyone ! I be take tala into town . this dentist glue tooth ! tala wail -- it 's all too much -- Sarah vomit on the floor . abe lean back , gross out -- howard no , Sarah , no ! 25 . Howard grab a towel , toss it to Sarah , command the room -- howard alright ! pia , keep set up -- pia I be go with you . pia cradle tala in she arm . howard okay . Girls , you be on table decor . Jerry and nico be here to help . you bride - slash - wedding planner need some emergency surgery so -- he look at Sarah , but she 's useless right now , so -- howard misty , you be in charge . all hand on deck ! we can do this ! off tala 's wailing -- ext . calmada estate - backyard - day nyle slouches in a lounge chair , but he 's far from relaxed . he stare off , dwelling on the chaotic turn of event . can litter the pool bottom . beer Sarah wander out of the house , physically and emotionally drain , and collapse onto one of the chair . nyle try to bury any semblance of guilt ... and smile as he crack open another tecate . nyle so I guess you follow I . sarah what 's go on ? nyle I try stop you . ( then ) tecate ? sarah but what be this ? when be this ? 26 . nyle this be today . today be yesterday . tomorrow be today . and so on . one of that infinite loop . Sarah 's mind be melting . grasp for any help , or hope . sarah how do I stop it ? I do not want tomorrow to be today . I want tomorrow to be tomorrow . nyle that 's never go to happen . tomorrow will always and forever be today . he hold out a beer to she again , but she just sink back into she chair , approach , if not already at , complete hopelessness . nyle feel ... bad ? a little . nyle at least tala 's tooth will be back tomorrow . so she will still have she dream wedding . that 's good , right ? ignoring this , Sarah look to the canyon beyond the property . sarah which way be that cave ? nyle sigh and point . Sarah walk off , determine . nyle sip he beer and attempt to continue he sky gaze , but he 's clearly bother . his routine 's be fuck with . nyle fuuuuuck . ext . desert canyon - day Sarah mutter to herself , scan the boulder , search for the cave . from the edge of the canyon , we get a clear picture of how big it be , and how small Sarah be within it . dissolve to : later ... the afternoon sun blaze on . Sarah be completely lose , just mile of boulder and hill that all look the same . she pass a empty tortoise shell with three distinct crack . dissolve to : 27 . later ... Sarah , out of steam and hope , sit on a small boulder , wait for something , anything . but there 's only that eerie silence , that desert wind . she lie on she back . give up . dissolve to : later ... the sun begin to set . Sarah have not move , make evident by a fester sunburn . she stare dead - eye at the sky . then -- nyle step up , drink a beer . he offer she a sip and she quickly take it . any liquid help . sarah please . where be it ? nyle you have to wait . sarah fuck you . just tell I . nyle give up ... and point to the other side of the canyon . almost directly across from they . but there 's no cave . sarah where ? nyle look toward the horizon ... watch ... he take a few step back , to the leave , like he 's look for he mark ... nyle wait for it ... almost ... okay . ( dead serious ) I be the Antichrist . nyle snap he finger -- and a EARTHQUAKE begins . Sarah freeze , brace herself -- nyle casually drink he beer as rock tumble out of place , careen across the canyon , landing all around he . the earthquake stop . nyle , satisfied with himself , look back at Sarah -- what the fuck be that ? nyle I be kid , there be no god , the earthquake happen every day . but -- nyle point across the canyon -- to the cave , right there in plain sight . Sarah head over , intent on end this day . 28 . nyle you will not find what you be look for in there . once you go in the day will just restart , right back to wherever you wake up this morning . Sarah pause . nyle same thing if you stick around . the second you fall asleep it just start over . weird , huh ? sarah but will this day end if I go in there ? nyle sure . for you . Sarah continue into the cave and vanish in the darkness . all alone now , nyle sip he beer , conflict . he look back toward the direction of the wedding , and all of its tumult . and into the cave , now with a entirely different feel of dread . he hang he head , unable to make a decision . CUT to : sarah 's close eye lide open up -- -- but she immediately squint at a harsh ray of sunlight . int . calmada estate - bedroom - morning Sun through the curtain . shag carpet . Black silk sheet . shower run . she shoot up , peek outside : Howard and nico carry the altar ; pia talk to the florist . it 's all the same . sarah no , no , no . in a panic , Sarah turn around , scan the room : the bathroom door . the window to escape . her key on the bedside table . misty ( pre - lap ) wake up . int . nyle 's and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle wake up and find misty , in she towel , moisturize she leg . she glance at he , as if expect a comment . 29 . misty good morning ... nyle curl into a ball , not ready to face the day . i./e. sarah be car - moving / highway - morning Sarah race down a desert highway . a blank look on she face . ext . calmada estate - backyard - morning nyle cautiously step up to the pool , linger by the edge , anticipate Sarah 's arrival . Jerry kickboard across . nyle have you see Sarah around ? jerry no , sorry . maybe she 's with tala ? nyle , relieved , give a thumb up , then fall into the pool . ext . gas station , middle of nowhere - morning Sarah downs three 5 - hour-energy shot as she fill she car . int . calmada estate - kitchen - morning still wet from the pool , nyle pour every alcohol he can find into a blender , as the family prepare for the wedding . howard she do not leave a note or anything ? be you sure she do not text back ? pia check my phone if you do not believe I . Sarah realize the day be not about she so she leave . howard do not say that . nyle flip on the blender -- and it 's loud . pia and Howard both glare at he , but he do not take he eye off the cyclone of booze . he flip it off and pour into he cup . nyle or she 's scared . 30 . howard who , Sarah ? of what ? nyle wedding , family , commitment , people , death , intimacy , melanoma , judgement . sauce . pia and Howard stare back at he . nyle ( resign ) she 'il be back . nyle head out to the pool . i./e. sarah be car - moving / highway - night Sarah pass a sign : '' welcome to Texas . '' window down , Sarah slap she face to stay awake . ext . calmada estate - backyard - night as the crowd laugh at misty 's speech , nyle watch Daisy fill he wine . he drink and look at Sarah 's empty chair , then over to tala . she 's stare at it too , miss she sis . i./e. sarah be car - moving / highway - night Sarah be still drive . Wide awake . 320z coffee in hand . int . nyle and misty 's bedroom - late night nyle stumble in drunk and flop on the bed . misty ( 0.s. ) -- hold my leg up -- ext . house - early morning Austin , TX . Sarah park she car in front of a small home . int . sarah 's house - kitchen - early morning photo booth strip of Sarah with various friend cover the fridge , depict a life full of party and bar . dish be pile in the sink . a lone cup in the drying rack . 31 . Sarah grab the cup and fill it with water . she drink , put it back in the drying rack , then move into she -- bedroom and find she two cat on a unmade bed . she shut she blind to block the early morning sun and crawl in . she stare up at the ceiling for a moment , mind still racing . sarah this be all a dream . this be alla dream . this be all a dream . she shut she eye . close on Sarah 's face ... her close eye ... then -- a sliver of sunlight strike her face . her eye open . it 's a new day . shag carpet , black silk sheet . someone in the shower . she 's back . fuck . CUT to : int . nyle 's and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle sleep in bed . just another day . misty be in the bathroom . a knock . nyle do not flinch . the person outside try to open the door but it 's lock . knock knock . nyle snore through it . misty ( 0.s. ) be you get that ? nope . misty hurry out of the bathroom and open the door . misty Sarah ? Sarah barge in and see nyle in bed . sarah wake up . nyle moan . too early for he . misty uh ... what be you do ? Sarah ignore she . she spot nyle 's foot stick out of the sheet , grab he pinky toe and snap it . nyle ow !! 32 . misty what the fuck , Sarah ?! nyle shoot awake , wince in pain . sarah get dress . I can not be here anymore . Sarah leave . misty , totally lose , look at nyle . misty be you fuck cheating on I ? nyle ( groggy ) no , you be cheating on I , ya goof . misty 's stunne . nyle grab he clothes and follow Sarah . int . sarah 's car - drive - morning Sarah turn onto the highway . nyle sit shotgun . nyle you have a destination in mind , or be you just drive aimlessly ? because if so , I have much rather go for a float . sarah stop talk . let I think . he offer she a beer and she swiftly accept , pleasing he . sarah what be this ? I get that it 's the same day . but what be it ? nyle inhale , gear up to give what feel like a rehearse speech , aim at quashing any further question . nyle ( in one breath ) I have no idea what it be . this might be life , this might be death , might be a dream , I could be imagine you , you could be imagine I , might be purgatory , or this might be a glitch in the computer simulation we be in . and in another breath : 33 . nyle so , after a while I stop caring altogether . the only way to actually live in this world be to embrace the fact that nothing matter . disappointment , regret , guilt will just drive you bonker . nyle exhales , sip a beer . sarah then what 's the point of live ? Sarah press down on the gas , the car accelerate . nyle well , you have no choice but to live , so I guess you gotta learn to suffer existence . sarah so we can not die ? nyle no . the day just start over . or maybe we can , but I have not figure out the proper way to kill myself and I have try they all . ( sip he beer ) slow down a bit . sarah why slow down if nothing matter ? Sarah 's become unhinge . nyle try a softer approach . nyle you have to find what bring you peace . for I it 's float in the pool with a beer . I think everyone can find peace in that . so why do not we turn this car around and hit the water ? Sarah stare ahead , pick up speed . sarah no . I need to get out of this . Sarah keep a serious , dogge expression . she stomp down on the gas and the car quickly gain speed . 100 mph -- 115 mph -- nyle grow irritate . he unbuckle he seatbelt and maneuver into a odd , super unsafe crash position . 34 . sarah what be you do ? nyle brace for a quick death . we can not die , but pain be a very real thing . there 's nothing worse than die slowly in the icu . Sarah keep gain speed . but at another glance at nyle in he crash position , she too unbuckle she seatbelt . on the road ahead , a truck drive in the oncoming lane . Sarah do not let up . she slowly drift into the other lane . nyle peek up to see . he still show no sign of fear . more annoyed than anything . nyle we can skip this whole phase and just have a drink at the bar . ( off she silence ) or not . whatever . see you tomorrow . Sarah stare ahead -- the oncoming truck get closer , flash its light -- but Sarah do not slow down . closer ... closer ... horn blaring -- sarah 's face -- nyle take one more sip of he beer -- sarah be eye -- truck horn blare -- screeching tire -- CUT to : int . roadside biker bar - day head in she hand , Sarah stare down at a double whiskey shot , still in a serious existential funk . nyle lean against the bar , at home in this desert dive . nyle as I be say , you have to find peace . one thing that 's nice be no one know I at the wedding . besides misty , of course . you might have trouble with that . sarah they do not want I there , I do not want to be there , so it 's a win-win for all . Sarah shoot back she whiskey and slam it down for a refill . sore subject . nyle notice . Sarah shift course -- 35 . sarah I drive all the way back to Austin . still wake up here . nyle that 's the way it work . you can go anywhere you want . she look at he : really ? nyle as long as you be awake , you can keep move . I smoke a bunch of crystal and make it to equatorial guinea once . Big waste . they detain I once I get off the plane , I crash within minute , back in the desert I find myself . sarah ( intrigue ) I can go anywhere ... nyle yeah , but you do not want to . sarah do not fuck tell I what I want . nyle okay , then go . I do not give a shit . I be just say that it 's a hassle . darla ( 0.s. ) woohoo ! at the dart board behind they : Darla hit a bullseye . a disgruntled biker hand she cash . nyle Darla ! you and I . hundre buck . Darla look at nyle for a moment . darla who the fuck be you ? moment later nyle demonstrate perfect dart throw form and hit a bullseye with he first dart . Darla 's stunne by he skill . 36 . darla do not you know how to hustle , kid ? nyle I be a honest man , Darla . you be go to lose this game , but you can keep you money . he smile , readying the next dart . Sarah stand by , watch . nyle throw it -- and it go in the same hole as he first dart , side by side , metal on metal . and it remind Sarah of : sarah wait . Jesus . who be that guy with the hunt bow ? Darla cock she head , just as nyle throw he final dart -- and miss the board . nyle fuck . he collect himself , mark he score on the chalk scoreboard , and give the dart to Darla , hold she hand . nyle you eye and hand be one . darla my eye and hand be one . nyle keep watch Darla , Sarah keep stare at he , wait for a answer . he finally look over . nyle that be Roy . he be a guest at the wedding . abe 's dad 's cousin , of the schlieffen clan . other than that , I know very little about the dude . sarah but why be he try to kill you ? nyle sigh . even think about Roy bother he ... nyle one night , a very long time ago , I party with Roy . flash to : 37 . ext . calmada estate - backyard - night we follow a server through the cocktail hour with a tray of tuna tartare on wonton crisp . guest clutching signature cocktail snag bite as she pass -- nyle ( v.o. ) this be back in the early day , before I really become acquainted with everyone . I be still feel my way through ... a hand tap the server on the shoulder , and we turn around with she to find : roy ( 5as ) , white hair , white tooth , grey suit , much less frightening in the light . he grab a wonton -- roy this tuna ? server yeah . he take a bite -- roy mmm. tasty . the server hold the tray as he take two more . she move on , but we follow Roy meander away , smile at guest he clearly do not know while he continue to eat , until he make it to -- the bar where nyle talk nonsense to Daisy the bartender . nyle I know you know . but you do not know that I know . or do you know ? Daisy stare back , unenthuse . roy you be a dick to Daisy ? it take a patient soul to put up with prick like we . ( to Daisy ) a more beautiful barkeep I never do see ... moscato , please . nyle '' what might have be and what have be point to one end , which be always present . '' 38 . Roy consider nyle , intrigue by this drunk prophet . roy actually dais 's , two whiskey shot . Daisy pour the shot , hat life . Roy flip through a massive wad of cash , put a single dollar bill in the tip jar . Roy hand nyle one of the shot and hold he up -- roy to the struggle . nyle and Roy take they shot -- just as the guest applaud around the dance floor . the wedding party make they grand entrance . there 's misty and trevor , Erin and nico , Sarah and Randy ... and the guest go nut as tala and abe stroll out . roy why do people clap ? what 's to clap about ? nyle people clapped when the Titanic set sail . Roy chuckle . roy confucius say : Marriage be a seemingly bottomless pit of sorrow that make you forget who you be . nyle he do not . Roy smirk at nyle : roy but there be a bottom , my friend . and it 's dark down here . nyle give Roy the hang loose sign . roy ( lean in ) you wanna dance a little ? Roy tap he nose . roy the officiant in the dumb suit -- 39 . Roy gesture to the officiant ( 30 ) , a bearded guy in a hip nudie suit ( a rhinestone embroider cowboy suit ) , who mc the wedding party entrance . roy turd bird have a bag of sweet in he pocket . I try to corner he in the bathroom , but he will not share -- but nyle walk away from Roy before he can finish . from roy 's Pov , nyle walk across the dance floor up to the officiant , reach into he pocket , pull out a bag of pill . the officiant bury he shock and continue to mc as nyle , ignore quizzical look , return to a amused Roy . nyle ( hold up bag ) get ‘em . CUT to : int . bathroom - night nyle and Roy grin at each other , sway , nostril cake in different color powder . Roy keep lick he lip wildly . nyle 's gaze go from watch this to the bathroom door handle jiggling . someone try to open it -- pound on it -- the officiant ( 0.s. ) give I back my shit ! open up ! nyle 's eye drift back to Roy -- but he 's vanish . roy ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) over here . Roy crouch in the bathtub . roy hop in . nyle join he . more pounding on the door . the officiant ( 0.s. ) come on , I know you be in there . Roy shhhhs nyle . nyle shhhhs he back . they escalate shhhhing , on and on into giggle -- the officiant ( 0.s. ) you guy suck . 40 . Roy grab nyle by the back of he neck and bring he close , sweaty forehead to forehead , real intimate -- roy I will not let he hurt you , friend . nyle we be in the shit . roy we be the shit . you and I , we be in this together . nyle stare back , eye fully dilate , but he begin to look ... scared . not of Roy , but of everything happen . his eye roll back , but Roy slap he awake -- roy my boy , I get you . we be alive . Roy hold nyle head to he breast to comfort he as the pounding continue -- ext . calmada estate - backyard - night in slow - motion : nyle and Roy tango on the dance floor , tuning out the world around they , lose in this blur of life . ext . desert - on top of a boulder - night nyle and Roy lie on they back , stare at the star , out of they fuck mind , stone , trip . roy this be the great night of my life . the Earth , the star , the holy mother . Grace and love . peace and personality . nyle I be not see it , Roy . roy you will find it . I know you will . otherwise , what 's the point ? they go silent for a moment , star gaze . we see nyle 's eye dart as he stare up -- the sky : nyle 's create he own constellation , connect star to star with trail of light zig zag into a shapeless , meaningless mess -- he new existence . 41 . roy man , I wish I could just live out here forever . nyle look over at Roy . a fuck up , sad man who seem truly at peace right now . nyle follow I . nyle get up and slide down the boulder . ext . desert hillside - night nyle and Roy stand before the cave . a quiet wind inside . roy what be it ? nyle you ancestor be in there . roy my ancestor ? nyle you answer . the answer you be look for . roy alright . I be in . nyle wobble , dizzy , while watch Roy walk in through blurred vision . nyle 's leg give out and he collapse onto he back , the toll of they binge catch up with he . nyle Roy ... wait ... nyle die . Roy continue forth -- then vanish . back to : int . roadside biker bar - day Sarah throw dart as nyle continue . nyle that be a mistake . once Roy learn about he new life , he do not take it lightly . ( more ) 42 . nyle ( cont 'd ) luckily he life out in irvine and wake up there every day , so he only come around every few ... day ? week ? my concept of time be fuzzy . sarah what do he want ? nyle you get a taste the other night . I think he think it 's revenge ? flash to : int . dark room a shirtless , sweaty Roy crack a whip as he scream at nyle , gag and tie to a chair under a single swinging lightbulb . back to : int . roadside biker bar - day nyle stare ahead , reflect on the memory . nyle he may have some anger issue . flash to : int . dark room Roy waterboard nyle . ext . desert valley - day a fully naked nyle sprint for he life through the desert , run zig zag pattern ... he look back , and up : a arrow fly through the air -- hit he shoulder , take he down . back to : int . roadside biker bar - day the dart game be over . now both Sarah and Darla listen attentively to nyle 's story . nyle he even stop for a while . I think I be safe . I settle back into a routine . I feel good . flash to : ext . calmada estate - backyard - morning in slow motion : nyle do a cannonball into the pool . 43. nyle ( v.o . ) but then he hit I where it hurt . nyle surface with a gasp , spitting up water -- nyle what the fuck 's that smell1 ?? ( look around ) Jerry ? but he 's not there . nyle sniff again , then -- roy ( 0.s. ) how 's the water ? Roy walk up smoking a cigar , hold a empty gas can . roy look a little cold . before nyle can react , Roy toss he cigar in the pool , engulf nyle in flame . Roy , fire reflect in he eye , just watch . back to : int . roadside biker bar - day nyle shoot back a shot of tequila , numb he ptsd . nyle so I vow to never bring anyone else into this life again . not everyone be cut out for it . darla amen to that . I tie my tube at forty . despite he nonchalance , Sarah sense nyle be still troubled . sarah you need to confront he . you can not keep run from this guy forever . nyle what be you talk about , yeah I can ! nyle get up and open the door , the desert sun flood in . 44 , ext . desert taco stand - day a hole - in- the-wall taco stand . nyle and Sarah finish up burrito . a mexican boy , 8 , walk up with a box of candy . boy chocolate ? for charity ... nyle take $ 100 out of he wallet and hand it to the kid . the kid 's eye go wide . nyle speak to the kid in Spanish . nyle one kit kat , a snicker ... ( to Sarah ) what candy do you like ? sarah twix . nyle good choice . ( to the boy ) one twix . keep the change , friend . and make sure you spend it all today . buy flower for that girl ignacia you have a crush on . boy thank you ! the boy walk off , stare at the money . sarah you know that 's a scam . notice how he do not say which charity ? nyle turn to the kid , now sell to another table . nyle what 's the name of you charity ? the boy turn , panic , then sprint down the road . nyle I know there 's no charity . I give back when I can . I have no interest in material matter . Sarah watch in disgust as he douse he burrito with hot sauce , then take a huge bite . sarah other than beer , burrito , designer drug , and candy . 45 . nyle ( chew through ) obviously . I be not a puritan . sarah what about sex ? nyle I be not not into sex . but it 's be in a steady decline . sarah because misty 's cheating on you ? nyle Nah , I do not care about that . we have sex all the time . but no matter how you feel about someone , physically or emotionally , the novelty be bound to fade . Sarah study he . be he be serious ? hard to tell . sarah but to have to live with that over and over again , to experience that level of betrayal every day , that might really fuck a person up . nyle study she . nyle yeahhh , but it have be pretty pathetic of I to hold a grudge . nyle finish off he beer . Sarah reach under the table and grab two more from the box of tecate . sarah what about fuck other people ? nyle oh I have . it just take a lot of work and I put very little effort into my life . a think strike Sarah . sarah we have never have sex , right ? ext . 46 . nyle no . at least not that I recall . memory be another thing that fade with time , but that may also just be alcoholism . sarah yeah , you say that already . nyle see my point ? sarah okay ... who , then ? besides misty . just curious . nyle Daisy . the barkeep . flash to : desert - night nyle lie on a boulder while Daisy ride he , berate he -- ext . int . daisy you be a prop . you be my little fuck dildo . nyle oh my goodness . back to : desert taco stand - day sarah I can see that . who else ? nyle Darla . flash to : darla 's trailer - bedroom - night nyle and Darla lie on the bed , caress each other . she grab he head and bring it to she bosom . darla you make I feel illegal . nyle kiss she belly tenderly ... he look at she and lock eye . he nod . she guide he down further , between she leg . back to : 47 . ext . desert taco stand - day nyle I need to be put in my place sometimes . but it 's great because I always get to wake up alone . or , ya know , emotionally . sarah that 's something a asshole say . nyle guess I have no choice but to be a asshole . nyle take another bite of he burrito . sarah what about tala ? nyle ha . no. tala actually be a puritan . but I have try . flash to : ext . calmada estate - dance floor - night tala and abe slow dance , gaze into each other 's eye . nyle , dress in a tux , tap on abe 's shoulder . nyle ahem . May I cut in ? abe it 's the first dance . reveal : all of the guest watch . it be indeed the first dance . nyle please . the one dance . and possibly some over - the-clothes stuff . tala no ! back to : ext . desert taco stand - day sarah yeah . that 's tala . anyone else ? nyle Jerry . 48 . sarah you fuck Jerry schlieffen ? nyle he fuck I . off Sarah 's bewilder look -- nyle he stick he penis in my butthole -- sarah yeah , I get it . flash to : nyle face -- he look nervous ... nyle I be ready ... he wince as he 's penetrate . but after a moment , he settles into it , nodd . he look back to Jerry -- nyle you know , it 's not that bad . back to : ext . desert taco stand - day nyle I be glad I try it . turn out I be not really into dude . nyle gather they burrito wrapper and toss each of they over he shoulder across the patio , directly into the trash . sarah that 's it ? nyle yeah . ( then ) oh , and you dad . flash to : ext . calmada estate - backyard - late night in a hot tub : nyle and Howard be forehead - to- forehead -- howard what be we do ? nyle I do not know . 49 , Howard go in for the kiss . back to : ext . desert taco stand - day Sarah process , confuse . nyle stare back . for a long time . nyle okay , fine , that one do not happen . ( continue casually ) what about you ? solid sex life ? sarah I be not go to fuck you , so do not even try . maybe would have the other night . not now , though . nyle girl , I be think the same thing . Sarah squint , study he ... sarah you promise we have never hook up ? nyle again , my memory be shot , but I do not think so . ( look up at the sun ) Party 's about to start . head back ? sarah uh. no . why would I do that ? nyle eat , drink , dance . bask in looove . sarah that 's not love . nyle sure it be ! tala 's in love . sarah ha ! for someone who know everything , you really have no idea what you be talk about . nyle see he strike a bad chord there . sarah tala and abe be like 95 % of all couple . ( more ) 50 . sarah ( cont 'd ) they hit the point in they relationship where they get bored , but be so emotionally stunt they can not be alone . so , they fall victim to the most archaic patriarchal scam of all time : marriage . wedding : a industry design to turn you against the one you ' love . 's nyle try to chime in , but Sarah get passionate -- sarah how any woman with a ounce of self respect be okay spend ten of thousand of dollar so they father can ' give they away , 's and call it the fuck high point of they life ... it 's one of society 's great tragedy . nyle open he mouth again , but -- sarah why , when anyone try to simply start a dialogue be it always suppress ? because we , you and I and everyone , be weak . we can not stand the idea of be alone , so we buy into the pageantry and celebrate its bullshit . a long beat . nyle and the other 5 % of couple ? sarah they have a relaxed no - frill celebration without any friend or family , just free booze and they own mutual respect . they party like it 's they last night on earth , have incredible sex , and then -- they get divorced . we be not build to spend we entire life with another person . nyle sip he beer . nyle okay . so , no wedding I guess . what do you want to do ? 51 . Sarah sit back , move on . sarah maybe it 's a karma thing ? nyle what be ? sarah maybe that 's how I get out of this . be selfless and you be free . nyle I just buy you a hundred dollar twix , and I be still here . sarah no , real act of selflessness . the bone marrow shit tala do . she look around at the various people at the taco stand . sarah maybe life go on for everyone else here , just not we , until we have earn we way out . so , tomorrow , that kid will still have a hundred buck to spend . nyle and there 's a world where tala be miss she tooth . sarah but there be million of world where she be not . have you really never think of this before ? of course he have . still , he humor she -- nyle okay . maybe you be right . then what be the most selfless act you could do ? something that would absolutely guarantee a end to this day . Sarah think for a brief second . she know what to do . CUT to : 52 . ext . calmada estate - wedding ceremony area - sunset tribal music begin and the guest quiet down for the ceremony . two dancers in green leotard dance down the aisle , weaving between hay bale , toss glitter on guest . from here we catch brief snapshot of the wedding : - abe and he mom stroll down the aisle to cheer . - the wedding party walk down ... misty and trevor , Erin and nico , Sarah and Randy . nyle give she two thumb up . everyone stand to watch tala walk with Howard . as tala and abe meet at the altar , they face stretch into the great smile of they life . abe 's eye well up , tala start cry . the officiant wipe a tear . Howard sob , pia comfort he . we pan the audience : everyone feel the love . and then there 's Sarah . she step forward -- sarah hold up ! puzzle look fill the crowd . nyle , too . at this point he have no idea what she '' selfless act '' actually be . howard what be you do ? Sarah ignore he and take the mic from the officiant . she hold it up to she mouth , word on the tip of she tongue ... but look out at audience , and then to tala ... she reconsider , and lower the mic . she walk up to tala , pull she into a tight hug and say something inaudible into she ear . the onlook crowd wait . jerry ( quietly to nyle ) what be she do ? nyle shrug . no clue . Sarah release the hug , tear fill she eye . she hand the mic to the officiant , the flower to pia , and walk away . everyone turn to tala for a explanation . she 's in shock . speechless . she look at she parent , a silent cry for help . at abe . at everyone . heavy breathe , the world be end -- -- the EARTHQUAKE hit -- 53 . everybody panic . pia hold tala . Howard hold the altar steady . one guest sprint away . a baby cry . nyle remain calm , but confuse -- the EARTHQUAKE stop . the guest glance around with relief . the officiant look at that . the god have speak and they approve this marriage ! but tala be now sobbing into pia 's shoulder . int . roadside biker bar - night Sarah 's far more relaxed , with a almost celebratory vibe as she take shot and play pool with a couple barfly . the front door swing open , nyle step in -- nyle what the hell do you say to she ? sarah do not matter , sister stuff . but I think I be good . karma 's fuck great . selflessness be fantastic . Sarah hit two ball in at once . sarah pay up boy . the barfly she be play each hand she $ 20 . sarah ( to the Ted the bartender ) two shot of you finest whiskey . Ted pour the shot . Sarah hold one out for nyle -- sarah well , nyle , it 's be great . or , interesting , at least . if this ever happen again , please keep I out of the cave . good luck with the psychopath . deal with he . maybe that 's you way out . they clink they glass and take the shot . CUT to : 54 . int . nyle 's and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle sleep in bed . just another day . someone pounding on the door . misty wrap a towel around she body -- misty hold on , I be come ! she unlock it and Sarah barge in , straight to nyle -- misty what the hell , Sarah ? nyle jolt up . sarah do not work . life be meaningless . let 's get the fuck out of here . she head out . misty look at nyle as he roll out of bed -- misty be you -- nyle jump in -- nyle misty -- fuck cheating on I ? -- fuck cheating on I ? nyle pull on he swim trunk -- nyle / misty ( in unison ) what ? ... this be not funny . nyle put on he Hawaiian shirt , misty be freaking out -- nyle / misty okay , stop ... I be serious ... do not copy I ... stop pretend like you know everything ... I hate , agh -- and this back and forth take we into -- a series , the day and night of nyle and sarah - set to the conga + synth dance groove of alex cameron 's '' the chihuahua '' : I /e . - sarah 's car / highway - day Sarah speed down the open road , she hair blow in the wind , nyle stand out she sunroof with a beer . 55 . ext . boutique HOTEL - pool - day a hip pool party alive with dance , cornhole , bocce ball , and a photo booth . and in the middle of it all : nyle and Sarah float in the pool with neon cocktail . int . calmada estate - bedroom - morning Sarah wake up . glance at the bathroom , shower run . the weight of the real world return . she fight through -- nyle and misty 's bedroom nyle wake up and jump out of bed with pep in he step . ext . gun range - day a bullet strike fidel castro ( on a poster / target ) in the forehead , blow out cloud of dust and hay -- nyle lower he sniper rifle , smoke swirl from the barrel . nyle kill shot . Sarah step up with a AK - 47 and scan the target . castro , Osama Bin Laden , and some guy with a handlebar mustache . sarah who 's the mustache ? spud ( 50 ) , the owner , stand by with a bazooka . a goat graze in a pen behind he . spud the prick my wife run off with . sarah how have you get such a good picture ? spud Facebook . sarah fire -- destroy the mustache man 's head . i/e. sarah 's car / highway - day nyle drive , Sarah surf on top of the car . nyle hit a pothole and sarah fall off -- int . calmada estate - bedroom - morning Sarah wake up , morning dread -- 56 . ext . calmada estate - dance floor - night Sarah ( not dress for the wedding ) walk to the edge of the dance floor . Randy drunkenly dance up to she . randy what up , Sarah ? we miss you earlier . tala 's piss . sarah I miss you . randy what ? Sarah lean in to he ear -- sarah meet I in the bathroom in ten minute ... and you better be naked . randy you be mess with I , right ? Sarah grab he crotch -- sarah use you shirt as a blindfold ... and film I when you walk in . off Randy 's bewilder smile -- int . outside the bathroom - night Randy be naked , blindfolded by he shirt , hold he iphone out to record . he take a deep breath , then open the door -- reveal : trevor go down on misty -- misty Randy ! fuck ! and just behind they we see nyle and Sarah watch the scene through the bathroom window , loving it . ext . OPEN desert - day Sarah 's car -- fifty yard up -- explode ! Sarah , nyle , and spud pop up from a ditch , high -five . nyle point to Sarah 's ear -- they be bleed -- but she laugh about it . 57 . ext . joshua tree campsite - afternoon nyle try set up a tent but can not because Sarah keep whipping he with one of the pole , really fuck hard . int . tent - night nyle and Sarah lie in they own sleep bag , face away from each other . int . calmada estate - bedroom - morning Sarah wake up , look at the empty space next to she in bed . nyle and misty 's bedroom nyle wake up , look at the empty space next to he in bed . ext . calmada estate - backyard - night abe and tala be about to cut the cake when nyle run up , crossbow in hand -- nyle do not ! there 's a bomb in the cake ! nyle dig into the cake , gasp throughout the crowd , and he find a brick of c4 . pia oh my god ! nyle it 's okay , I use to be a bomb guy . nyle take a arrow and stab it into the c4 , cock the crossbow , and fire it into the air -- it explode above the party , a bizarrely beautiful firework display , interrupt by -- sarah , riding up on a motorcycle . she stop by the pool . trevor hey , that 's my motorcycle -- sarah ( to nyle ) you son of a bitch ! you ruin my plan to kill everyone ! nyle Sarah ! the sister of the bride ! I should have know it be you ! ( more ) 58 . nyle ( cont 'd ) ( then ) Howard , I 'il take she alive , if it 's the last thing I do . howard Son , please , put the weapon down -- Sarah tackle nyle into the pool -- int . SMALL prop plane - cargo hold - day nyle ( helmet and goggle on ) feign a confident smile and thumb up to Sarah as he 's lead to the open door by he tandem skydiving instructor -- Sarah push by and leap out of the plane , without she parachute , turn back at nyle with two middle finger -- instructor no no no no no !!! ext . OPEN desert - day Wide shot , brutal sun , clear blue sky , a figure rocket toward the Earth -- it 's sarah -- in freefall , dive - bombing -- thump !!! a mini mushroom cloud where she hit the ground . on the ground - later nyle and the instructor hurry out of the prop plane -- nyle laugh maniacally while the instructor frantically sprint to Sarah 's body . the instructor check she pulse , then look back to nyle , still laugh as he march into the propeller -- int . calmada estate - nyle and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle wake up , look at the empty space next to he in bed . int . calmada estate - bedroom - morning Sarah wake up , look at the empty space next to she in bed . int . roadside biker bar - night nyle , giddy with excitement , lead a blindfolded Sarah into the bar ... he take off she blindfold to reveal : the entire bar be fill with decoration -- streamer , balloon , and giant ' happy millionth birthday , sarah 's sign . the unenthuse barflies all wear party hat , Darla clap -- Sarah cover she smile , truly touch and surprised -- 59 . sarah have I really be here that long ? nyle you be ask the wrong guy -- nyle lift up a confetti cannon and blast she face -- int . HOTEL room - night nyle , Sarah , and five other desert hipster party -- drink , dance , snort blow . a couple of they make out . later everyone be pass out . four pack on the bed , include Sarah , eye close , nuzzling into nyle 's arm . on nyle 's face , watch Sarah fall asleep , weigh something in he head ... he drift to sleep . int . nyle and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle open he eye . a empty space next to he , as always . ext . dirt road - day end montage on : Sarah and nyle drive away from we down a dirt road deep in the desert ... ext . desert plateau - sunset nyle and Sarah sit by a small fire , empty desert vista behind they . Sarah hold a cheeseburger . nyle chew a twix . nyle think of it like this -- nyle hold up he half - eat twix and gesture to the area that 's go . nyle everything in this void here , where the twix once be but be now in my stomach , be the past . he gesture to the remainder of the twix bar -- nyle and everything that 's leave to eat be the future , encase in chocolate . Sarah keep listen ... nyle gesture to the void again . 60 . nyle none of this concern I . the who , what , why of you past . you get here , that 's all that matter . you eat some twix and poope it out . no need to sift through the shit . sarah but if you really want to know someone deeper , it do matter . you have to know the whole package . nyle package suck . do what you say to tala at the altar concern I ? Nah . all that matter be it convinced you to let it go . this -- he show he next bite -- layer of crunchy cookie , caramel -- nyle -- the next bite be all that matter . ( take another bite ) devote all of you energy to what 's happen in this precise moment . ( another bite ) now . and again -- ( another bite , chew ) pass .. now ... with every ' now , 's nyle watch a imaginary figure drift away - from the twix - off into the distance . Sarah stare back at he , unimpress . sarah I be marry for two year . nyle you do not need to tell I about that . sarah I still be , technically . divorce take a while . ( then ) my family hate he . my dad 's the kind of guy who desperately try to see the good in everyone , and even he hate the guy . 61 . nyle good thing none of that matter anymore . Sarah ignore nyle 's attempt to keep she from open up . sarah I know it be not go to work out when I say ' yes , 's I know it be not go to work out when I move to Austin for he , I know it be not go to work out as I walk down the aisle . but I go through with it . and it do not work out . and ignore all of that would make I destine to repeat it . nyle stare in the middle distance as he chew slow . like he 's short circuit . silence . for a long time . nyle this be fantastic mushroom . Sarah stare at she burger . it 's so juicy ... nyle dig through he memory ... it 's fade fast ... then snap back into it , momentarily -- nyle you could be dead tomorrow ... sarah except I can not be dead tomorrow . nyle but if you could , all that energy spend focus on the past and future will have be waste ... Energy be everything . Energy be ... sarah nyle everything . everything . Sarah process ... lose she grip ... she put up a finger -- hold on . she walk behind some bush and puke 0.s. , then return , wiping she mouth . reengage -- sarah what if I want to invest some present energy into my future ? like my burger . ( more ) 62 . sarah ( cont 'd ) I have maybe one bite in I , but I also know the center be go to be the tastiest part . so what if I go straight for the center and skip the edge . nyle do not ever skip the edge . sarah I hate the edge . nyle I feel sorry for you then . a beat . Sarah begin to smile ... sarah if you feel sorry for I , that means you care about I , nyle . nyle ( deflect ) when I say '' I feel sorry , '' it 's in the same way that I feel slightly annoyed when I finish a beer and need to open a new one . ( he open another beer ) it 's a fleeting feel . it drift away , like everything else . nyle watch the imaginary ' it 's drift away . Sarah study he as he sip he beer ... sarah what else have drift away ? nyle go silent , he thought take he somewhere else . sarah nyle ? nyle everything . ( smile , hold up he beer ) cheer . he 's bury something , but she 's not in the right headspace to push he further . sarah to pretend not to care . 63 . nyle to pretend -- nyle freeze , drop he beer , eye wide , stare at something in the distance . a child - like grin take shape as he 's fully entrance by what he 's look at . Sarah turn she head to see -- mile away : silhouettes traversing the sunset . dinosaurs . a brontosaurus mother lead her two smaller dino cub . Sarah 's face glow with pure joy . sarah oh my god . nyle you see they , too ? sarah be they real ? nyle who care ? as they watch the dinosaur , Sarah move to the other side of the fire and sit down next to nyle . sarah they be beautiful . she smile and grab nyle 's hand . he squeeze back . the EARTHQUAKE hit -- but nyle and Sarah do not react . they be lock onto the dinosaur . off this tableau -- CUT to : later nyle piss on the fire to extinguish it . the light of the lantern shine through the tent behind he . int . tent - moment later nyle crawl into he sleep bag . Sarah 's still awake . nyle au revoir , mis amigo . nyle shut he eye . Sarah watch he drift into sleep ... 64 . sarah nyle . nyle mmmhmm . . . sarah let 's just get it over with and fuck . nyle ( catch off guard ) okay . Sarah straddle he and start kissing he , take charge . she take off he shirt . then she own . as she go back in -- nyle wait . sarah what ? nyle , though drunk and still come down from the mushroom , be quite take by Sarah , by she body , by the whole situation . it 's intense and real and complicated . to the point where Sarah feel uncomfortable by the vulnerability . so -- she skirt past it , pull he toward she , and they go at it . ext . desert plateau - night lock on the tent , the lantern cast shadow , subtle moan merge with the desert sound -- creak insect , the smolder fire , a coyote 's howl . we move away from the tent , through the smoke of the fire , and float up -- off the plateau , drift into the night , move on from this moment ... and now the tent be merely a spec , a dot of light , in the distance . CUT to : sarah open her eye , waking up ... int . calmada estate - bedroom - the next morning but she face wear conflict emotion , more like a bad hangover than the post-coital elation one might expect . she consider sit up , but it 's all too heavy for she right now . she give up and lie there , listen to the shower run . 65 . int . calmada estate - hallway - morning Sarah walk through the house to wake up nyle , but she stop at the bridal suite . the door be ajar . she peek inside : tala sip on a mimosa while Erin do she hair , both smile . Sarah watch , long for this happiness she can never share with she sister . pre -lap : the sound of a beer can open . int . sarah be car - drive - day Sarah sip she beer , drive . in the passenger seat , nyle have a fresh glow and a twinkle in he eye . nyle I gotta say , I feel different this morning . like ... goooooood . in a good way though , ya know ? Sarah 's off in another world . nyle because of last night ? sarah oh. yeah . she glance in the rearview mirror , notice a dark car a way back . be this guy follow she ? nyle be that a '' yeah '' of regret ? or ...? sarah yeah , it be fun . tension relief . it 's fun to relieve tension . she 's still look at this car . it 's a little closer now . Close enough to see that it 's a police car . nyle do not notice , more concerned by she response . nyle should we talk about it ? sarah what 's to talk about , it 's all meaningless , and technically that happen tonight . 66 . nyle sit back , put off by the cold turn she 's take . Sarah throw she beer out the window , and check the mirror for the cop 's reaction . nyle so we be littering now ? sarah ( be : the cop ) nothing still , Jesus . this cop 's be follow we for mile . what 's this fucker 's deal ? Sarah press the gas to pick up speed . 90 mph and climb . nyle be you try to get pull over ? on nyle ... think ... he turn around and squint at the cop car , still follow at the same distance . nyle seem to be piece something together in he head ... 100 mph . the cop turn the siren on . sarah finally ! Sarah start slow down . nyle what be you do ? sarah believe it or not I have never be arrest before . curious to see what it 's all about . nyle look back one more time . his eye go wide . nyle no . Dead serious , he slouches in he seat , out of view . nyle I think it 's he . sarah him ? nyle roy. 67 . sarah oh ! that fucker . Sarah screech to a halt . the cop car stop right behind . we only see the cop 's silhouette , he sheriff 's hat ... nyle keep drive . sarah no way . if you be not go to deal with he , someone have to . Sarah get out of the car and throw she arm up -- sarah help ! he 's try to kill I ! Sarah run back toward the cop car as nyle sink deeper into he seat -- what the hell be she do ? nyle 's Pov : Sarah reach the cop car , frantically shouting . cop' voice ( 0.s. ) ( on the microphone ) Sir , step out of the vehicle ! nyle freeze . maybe it be not Roy . now what ? cop' voice ( 0.s. ) ( on the microphone ) if you do not step out , I have no choice but to remove you by force . nyle peek back again : the cop slowly approach Sarah 's car . still backlit , but it do not look like Roy . this guy have a mustache . nyle breathes a sigh of relief . nyle okay ! I be come out ! nyle open the door , put he hand up , still hold he beer , and slowly stand , he back to the officer . nyle sorry Mr. policeman , I think you be someone else . cop oh yeah , who 's that ? nyle turn and lock eye with the cop , who 's now at the trunk of Sarah 's car ... and nyle 's relief drain . 68 . it 's Roy , wear a huge grin -- and a fake mustache . roy howdy , stranger . Roy raise a shotgun -- screech -- roy turn just as sarah hit he with the cop car , pinning he between the two vehicle . on sarah , surprised by the mix of pleasure and horror she 's feel . she shake off that thought , back the cop car up . Roy collapse , break in half , hold together by skin . sarah ( on the microphone ) you call for back up ? nyle stare at Roy twitching on the ground , gasp for life . bwoop bwoop -- Sarah mess with the cop car sound . roy -.. who ... be that ? nyle shake he head , conflict . this asshole 's cause he so much pain , but it 's hard to watch someone die . bwoop bwoop . sarah ( on the microphone ) please step inside my vehicle , sir . as Roy wheeze , nyle step back to the cop car , maintain eye contact with Roy the whole way . int . cop car - drive - day nyle chug beer in the passenger seat , daze , even remorseful , but try to stay compose while Sarah drive . sarah lighten up , dude . look what he be plan to use on you . Sarah gesture to the backseat where there 's a aquarium with a cobra snake . it hiss , spitting venom against the glass . sarah let 's do something crazy . nyle look around at they steal cop car . nyle be not this crazy ? sarah let 's rob a gas station . ooh , what about a bank ? nyle do not share in she excitement . nyle what 's with the sudden blood lust ? sarah it 's not blood lust . it 's about try something new . nyle you just kill a guy . sarah yeah , a fuck sadist , dude . you have have forever to play around in this world but I have not . you can not expect I to take you word for everything . nyle what about the karma ? sarah yeah , I do not believe in that anymore . nyle ( disappointed ) oh. really ? sarah of course not . that 's what you have be tell I from day one . '' the only way to live be to embrace the fact that nothing matter . '' right ? so I be embrace it . 69 . nyle sit back . she 's right . but he do not want to admit it . he glance out the window , search for a answer , a distraction , and notice a billboard for a local casino . nyle what about the casino ? 70 . sarah ooo , good call . that 's even better than a bank . nyle I do not mean rob the place . be a source of terror be not fun and be not fulfil . it do not matter that everything reset and people forget . we have to live with what we do . I draw a line at cruelty . sarah for a guy who supposedly care about nothing , you seem to have a lot of line you will not cross . nyle drink he beer , do debate this . sarah whatever , fine . we will go to the casino and not rob it . ( then ) pussy . nyle thank you . nyle raise he beer in cheer -- as Sarah stomp on the gas and accelerate down the highway -- int . casino - night Sarah slam she hand down on a half - full blackjack table as she take a seat . nyle sit beside she -- sarah ( to the dealer ) I be gonna count card . cool ? dealer please do not . the Dealer start deal out the next hand . Sarah count card out loud , albeit completely incorrectly . sarah King , nine , ace , three . nyle , wanna jump in here ? nyle lighten up , glad to get back to the innocuous fun -- 71 . nyle sure thing . Three , four , three . lot of three . a grumpy player groan , then take a bite of he hot dog . Sarah add a few $ 100 black chip to she bet -- nyle bold move , I dig it . dealer you can not bet during you hand . grumpy player this fuck kid -- sarah do not call I a fuck kid . I do not know I could not bet more . ( to Dealer ) apology . Sarah kiss she fingertip and make a peace sign -- and rotate into a middle finger aim at the grumpy player . nyle clock this as the Dealer look at he for he turn . nyle I will stay ... Sarah 's turn , but she 's still shoot angry eye at the grumpy player . he stare back at she , dead -ey . sarah I want more . nyle you already have nineteen . grumpy player you do not want to hit , sweetheart . sarah do not tell I what to fuck do . ( to Dealer ) hit I . hard . the Dealer lay down a queen on she ten / nine . bust . grumpy player you take my card , bitch . 72 . nyle sarah hey ! that 's not nice ! the fuck do you call I ? grumpy player screw you two , fuck amateur . this be not daycare . Sarah get in he face as nyle try hold she back -- sarah oh suck my dick you greasy fuck hot dog man . grumpy player ( to nyle ) you should keep a tighter leash on you girlfriend and she nasty mouth -- nyle hey ! screw you , dude -- sarah I be not he girlfriend -- nyle shoot she a surprised look -- Sarah knee the grumpy player in the nut , grab all of he chip and bolt for the door -- ext . casino - entrance door / parking lot - night Sarah burst through the door , giggle and delirious , follow by a exasperate nyle , the Security Guards and the grumpy man now in pursuit . nyle what the hell be go on with you ?! sarah that guy have it come to he . you be suppose to be on my side ! nyle I be on you side ! nyle be lose steam -- then -- a security guard in a golf cart speed up beside they -- security guard freeze , asshole ! Sarah throws she chip at he face , cause he to swerve -- 73 . nyle and Sarah keep run -- almost to the car -- nyle ( to the Guard ) it 's not worth it , man ! back off -- the Security Guard fire he taser into nyle 's neck -- nyle yelp and tumble onto the asphalt , writhe . later a cop sit a handcuff nyle on the curb beside Sarah , also handcuff . nyle 's face be scrape and bloody from the fall . Sarah seem ... excited . almost manic . sarah not quite what I have in mind , but glad we do it , ya know ? this world be too small for dick like that . she gesture to the grumpy player give he statement to the cop . but nyle look at she , blank - face . we now see he right eyeball be completely red and drain bloody tear . nyle you be a fuck lunatic . sarah oh shut up . no one get '' harme . '' nyle I did . I be cry blood . Sarah chuckle , but nyle be really piss . sarah you 'il be fine tomorrow . nyle pain be real . why can not you understand that ? sarah it do not matter . nothing matter . that be you word . nyle pain matter ! what we do to other people matter ! we be have fun . then you kill roy. 74 . sarah you be never go to deal with he . I do you a favor . so , fuck you . nyle no , Sarah fuck you . you act like a child , which be exactly what lead to you be stick in this shit in the first place . this strike a nerve with Sarah . so , she kick he . a beat ... nyle ow ! see ?! a child ! cop knock it off , over there ! sarah I be stick in this shit because you get I stick in it . nyle ha ! I tell you to stop , but nope , can not tell you what to do because you have get it all figure out . sarah I follow you because I like you and someone be try to hurt you . because I give a shit , which you clearly know nothing about . but have I know I have be stick with a pretentious , wannabe nihilist for the rest of my fuck life I would have stay far away , and I sure as hell would never have sleep with you . nyle oh please , we have fuck a thousand time . sarah what do you mean ? nyle look to the cop -- nyle can you move this along , guy ? 75 . cop shut up ! sarah answer I . nyle look at she with a cold stare -- nyle I lie . yes , we have hook up . so many time . all I have to do be bail you out with that ridiculous speech at the wedding . that easy . and it be always nice because I never have to deal with it the next day . but now I do . they stare at each other for a moment , let it all sink in . Sarah 's lip begin to quiver , but she fight it back . nyle I be a awful person , whatever , but you be that predictable . she turn away . nyle do the same . misty ( pre - lap ) wake up . int . nyle 's and misty 's bedroom - the next morning nyle wake up in bed . another day . misty moisturize . she glance at he , expect a comment . but he offer nothing . he look at the door , wait for Sarah 's knock . silence . ext . calmada estate - pool - day nyle drink on he pizza , but he can not get comfortable . the sun be too bright , the beer too warm , the pizza be not inflate enough . everything be off . Sarah be go . int . calmada estate - kitchen - day nyle pour himself a tall glass of tequila while Howard and pia chat nearby . howard she do not leave a note or anything ? be you sure she do not text back ? 76 . pia check my phone if you do not believe I . Sarah realize the day be not about she so she leave . howard do not say that . nyle no , pia 's right . Howard and pia look over at he . who be this guy ? nyle downs he tequila and walk off with the bottle . ext . calmada estate - backyard - night nyle lie on a hay bale , drink by himself , watch the wedding reception unfold , misty and trevor flirt by the bar . he shift he gaze up to the sky , to the star . ext . desert hillside - night nyle stand before the cave . he turn around and scan the desert , one final check . he downs a bottle of wine , shatter it against a rock , then walk into the cave . misty ( pre - lap ) wake up . CUT to : int . calmada estate - hallway - morning nyle wander down the hall in he underwear , pass people set up for the wedding . he stop in the live room when he see pia put up photo of tala and abe . nyle pia , what room be Sarah stay in ? pia turn , she do not recognize this odd man . nyle misty 's boyfriend , come on . pia ( play it off ) oh. yeah , of course . her room be the second to last down the hall . ( as nyle turn ) but she be not there . 77 . nyle where be she ? pia no one know , we have not see she since last night . Howard go to wake she up this morning but she be not in there . nyle walk down the hall , second to last room , and open -- it 's empty . the bed perfectly make , untouched . nyle what the fuck ? he walk back to the live room . Howard , the officiant , and Randy be all there now ... nyle do anyone actually see she stay in there last night ? pia cock she head . the other be just as confuse . nyle she wake I up every day , so she have to be somewhere . she have to be . nyle look out the front window for Sarah 's car . it 's go . misty step out , still in she towel , worried that she boyfriend might be have a breakdown . misty what be you do , nyle ? nyle stare back at the onlooker . maybe he 's lose he mind . int . calmada estate - guest house - night nyle zone out on the bed amidst a intimate cocaine party with Randy , the officiant , and Jerry . a alt - country record play . the officiant cut the coke on the mirrore coffee table and ramble about the record : the officiant Frederick dougless , spell l-e-s-s instead of l-a-s-s like the slave . jerry but he 's white ? 78 . the officiant yeah . randy that seem fuck up . the officiant no , man , it 's a commentary . he 's the second come of Gram parson . abe enter -- randy the officiant ayyy ! married man ! there 's the fuckin’ guy ! abe mind if I partake ? need a breather . abe snort a line off the coffee table . he notice nyle -- abe misty 's boyfriend , right ? maybe do not mention this to she , cuz it will be a thing . nyle zip he lip shut , lock they , and throw the key . we frequently cut back to nyle as the coke babble accelerate : the officiant ( to abe ) remember when Frederick dougless open for I at the bootleg . the officiant do a line . abe the next Gram parson . jerry who be this Gram parson ? abe , Randy , and the officiant all look over , judge he . nyle lie back , he head on the pillow , stare up . the officiant Flying Burrito Brothers ? the byrd ? jerry I be from Sudan , dude . ( off they look ) of course I know the fuck byrd . 79 . the officiant well , Gram parson be in the byrd for they best record -- randy -- sweetheart of the rodeo . the officiant and then he move out here , do a ton of drug with keith Richards , write he solo album -- abe -- gp and grievous angel . the officiant then he od no , but he practically drank himself to death by then . abe the dude just could not hang . abe snort another line . jerry I do not really like country music . the three guy hang they head and groan in disappointment . nyle turn to he side , he face sink into the silk pillow . abe ( to nyle , be : coke ) misty 's boyfriend , you in ? nyle do not move ... he face change ... something about this pillow . he inhale and recognize the scent . abe whatever . abe do another line , then head for the door -- abe feel free to join the party -- abe exit . nyle take another breath into the pillow -- then sit up with some pep . his detective hat be on . nyle be it just you two stay in this room ? 80. the officiant yeah ... nyle 's suspicious stare bounce between the two guy . randy you okay , dude ? nyle be you both here last night , too ? the officiant Nah , tala be all serious about the whole no- sleep - together - before - the-wedd thing , so abe take it . nyle abe sleep here last night ? the officiant yeah ... what 's up ? nyle grab the pillow and head outside -- ext . calmada estate - backyard - night nyle race to the dance floor as abe sit down next to tala . nyle abraham , you slick fuck ! I get it ! abe turn , confuse . abe Excuse I ? nyle you and Sarah . it all make sense ! abe 's stomach sink . other guest turn to watch ... tala ( to abe ) what 's he talk about ? nyle you sister and abraham be bone each other . she spend last night in he room , that 's why no one could find she . she wake up with he everyday and probably sneak out in the morning . no wonder she hate herself . ( more ) 81 . nyle ( cont 'd ) ( then ) here , smell this . from abe 's bed . nyle toss tala the pillow . she hold it , piece thing together in she head ... abe shut up , you be drunk . nyle no , you shut up . how do no one notice this before ? ( then ) I mean , it take I a long time . a really long time . Jesus ... how do I miss this ? nyle pause for a moment of self - reflection . he shake it off just as a piss - off misty step in -- misty what be you do ? nyle shut up and go fuck trevor . misty 's jaw drop . tala focus she attention on -- tala abe . that be not true , be it ? abe of course not . this guy 's be drunk all day . nyle that may be accurate , nevertheless -- ( to tala ) if you smell the pillow , you will recognize the distinct scent of viktor and rolf flowerbomb , the hair mist you give Sarah on she birthday . quizzical look all around . why , and how , would he know this ? tala slowly bring the pillow to she nose . it 's viktor and rolf flowerbomb alright . nyle ( to the crowd ) be there anyone else here who use viktor and rolf flowerbomb ? the crowd be silent . tala 's face sink with the realization . 82 . nyle ( to abe ) never underestimate the scent of a woman . abe get the fuck out of here . howard ( off tala 's realization ) abe , let 's take a walk . abe you do not actually believe this guy ? abe look at all the face judge he . tala , Howard , pia , the schlieffen , trevor , Erin -- all stare at abe in shock . abe come on . guy , really . that 's not I . but tala know it be . it make sense to she . time for he to leave . abe begin to walk away ... but nyle will not let it go -- nyle you sad , pathetic fool . misty nyle . nyle ( to abe ) you cheat on you fiancé , at you wedding , with she sister ... misty stop it , nyle . nyle turn to tala . her world be fall apart . nyle and fuck , Sarah , do that to you ? even I would not stoop that low . ( turn to the guest ) and all of you -- abe tackle nyle . a fight break out between the two . nyle and abe sloppily wrestle on the dance floor , nyle on the lose end . nyle manage to get up , then tackle abe into a table -- place setting and succulent go fly . face slap , biting , knee to the gut , spitting - — — 83 . pin down , nyle spot a fork and reach for it ... his finger be almost on it ... and he get it -- and stab abe in the cheek with the fork . horrific scream all around -- abe get up in a state of shock . fork stick in he face . he pull it out , stare at it . blood drain from he cheek . nyle even seem stunne . abe stab nyle in the eye with the fork . everybody scream -- CUT to : abe' smiling face , unscathed , as he go to kiss tala -- ext . calmada estate - backyard - the next night everything be back to normal . no mess , no blood , no horror . nyle slouches in he chair at another table , bear the heavy reality of he world . he refill he glass of wine , spilling over the brim onto the white table cloth . Jerry watch he , concerned . dance floor : the officiant take the mic . the officiant I would like to invite the mother of the bride up for a little surprise . pia and she two sister walk out . pia take a breath to compose herself . one of she sister rub she back , smile . tala give abe a look : what 's she do ? abe shrug . pia tala . you know that I be not great with word . but I do love you more than anything . tala Love you too , Mom ! nyle watch with dead eye , nursing he wine . pia and abe , the beautiful bridegroom , you be now my son . 84 . tala kiss he . nyle give a loose wrist clap . nyle great man , great man ! abe notice , but shrug it off . pia when I be a little girl , I and my sister find beauty in music . it 's how we communicate and bond . abe rub tala 's back . tala smile wistfully , miss Sarah . nyle watch this and drink more . pia so we be go to perform a song we learn as little girl . it 's a song I want you two to remember when you run into hard time . Love can get you through anything . this be '' a lover 's concerto . '' the officiant press play on the laptop , cue '' a lover 's concerto '' by the toy . pia transform into a whole new person , a true performer , ham it up with pure joy -- pia how gentle be the rain that fall softly on the meadow ... tala 's hand cover she grin , tear welling up . nyle 's breathe get heavier . he downs the rest of he wine . pia «+ . some magic from above make this day for we just to fall in love ... pia and she sister do a little choreograph step - and -shimmy as they sing back up . the guest all cheer . nyle stare off , lose in a think or memory . and he begin to cry . some guest notice . pia .«.. oh , do not ever make I cry through long lonely night without we . be always true to I , keep this day in you heart eternally ... tala grab abe 's hand and pull he up to dance . 85 . as the instrumental break in the song hit , the sound of a grow man 's guttural moan spread . head turn to the source : nyle be a bawling , blubber mess . it 's truly a ugly cry . the back track of the song continue on , but pia and she sister stop sing , join everyone as they just watch nyle in bewilderment . at a loss , tala and abe look over to -- misty , by the bar with trevor , shaking she head , embarrassed . finally , Jerry put he hand on nyle 's shoulder , bend down and whisper into he ear . nyle nod and rise . Jerry put he arm around nyle and lead he away . int . nyle and misty 's bedroom - night nyle and Jerry sit on the bed . nyle be hunch over , head in he hand , but he 's do cry . Jerry rub he back . jerry it 's okay , my friend . nyle it 's painful . I do not get it . jerry what be painful ? nyle turn to Jerry , snot drip from he nose , blood shot eye , and ask with full sincerity : nyle do you want to fuck I ? i’1l let you do it . Jerry smile . jerry not right now , but I appreciate the offer . nyle pat Jerry on the leg , then continue hang he head . nyle I miss she , Jerry . jerry who ? nyle Sarah . 86 . jerry Harris ? nyle nod , still bury in he hand . jerry I do not know you know she . we all wish she could have be here . nyle shake he head . nyle I love she . jerry oh. I see . that 's interesting . off this image of a kind dude consol a heartbroken man ... misty ( pre - lap ) wake up . int . nyle 's and misty 's bedroom - morning nyle wake up in bed . another day . misty moisturize . nyle groooooannn -- i./e. prius / desert highway - day nyle drive down the road with a look of defeat on he face . i./e. prius / 91 -freeway - sunset the prius blend in with the weekend traffic in Orange County , side - by-side with hundred of dead - eye driver . ext . irvine suburb - night identical tract home . nyle park the prius by the curb in front of one . he check the number : 742 . he check the address on the gps : 742 woodflower St , irvine . he get out of the car and stand on the front lawn . nyle roy ! I be turn myself in ! torture I , fuck I , I do not care ! ( more ) 87 . nyle ( cont 'd ) I have feel it all and there 's nothing leave but this pit of sorrow ! you be right , it 's dark down here ! he lie on he back , sprawle on the crisp grass . some neighbor pop they head out . the front door open . Roy hurry out to he . roy ( harsh whisper ) what be you do here ?! nyle I surrender . you win . Roy help nyle up , smile at he neighbor as he do . roy everything 's okay , nothing to see . my brother - in-law , ptsd , Fallujah , 9/11 . Real war hero . ( quietly to nyle ) I be not let you ruin family day , so keep you mouth shut . Roy drag nyle into he house . int . roy 's house - continuous pleasant , portrait of Jesus . twins ( boy and girl , 6 ) on tricycle . a teen watch tv . not what nyle expect . roy you can not be here . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) who be that man ?! roy goddammit . jamie ( 45 ) , Roy 's wife , appear at the top of the stair ina bathrobe , drying she hair . jamie oh , hi , sorry , just get out of the shower . roy hey , sorry hon’ , this be ... 88. it just now dawns on Roy that he do not know nyle 's name . nyle nyle . roy nyle be a old friend . nyle we be not friend , we be enemy . ( to Jamie ) you marry this piece of shit ? jamie Excuse I . roy he 's a ball buster , ho not . nyle just stop by to say hi . tuna will be ready soon . we will be out back . Roy pull nyle away . ext . roy' house - backyard - night nyle blankly take in Roy 's yard . idyllic suburbia . Pool , Golden retriever , bbq and a smoker . a twin boy ( 6 ) water the grass with a hose . his twin sister call out from a swing set . girl push I ! feeling powerless at the moment , nyle push the girl on the swing . Roy walk up with beer , slightly calmer now . roy ( be : he twin ) can you believe I make this ? if I have one less mai tai that night I would have put the rubber on right and they would not be here . ( then ) here 's to mai tais . Roy sip he beer , watch he kid with fatherly pride . he and nyle trade off push the swing . nyle this be you life ? roy not bad , huh ? beautiful wife , three beautiful kid . ( more ) 89 . roy ( cont 'd ) ( point to he boy ) Little retard be water dog shit . it 's weird and beautiful . the boy scoops up a piece of dog shit , dump it onto a pile in middle of the grass , and continue water it . nyle what about marriage be a '' bottomless pit of sorrow ? '' roy shit , man , I be not without my demon . do not crucify I . thing change . priority ... change . nyle stare at the kid , unpack all of this . Roy pick up on nyle 's troubled mental state . roy so what be you do here ? you have two minute to drink that beer before I slit you throat and throw you in the smoker . ( off nyle 's look ) I be kid . this be a pg house . get on with it though . you be scare my wife . nyle notice Jamie watch he through the blind from the second floor bedroom window . she shut the blind . nyle I have not see you in a while . roy yeah , no shit . a bunch of rock climber find I on the road that day and bring I to the hospital . nurse would not let I sleep because they think I would fall into a coma . die a slow , painful death . nyle there 's nothing worse than die slowly in the icu . roy Alzheimer 's . Way worse . run in my family . at least I do not have to deal with that . Roy sip on he beer , suppress some memory . 90 . roy I have a lot of anger for you , man . I be never gonna see my kid grow up , I be never gonna walk madison down the aisle . but you would not know shit about that , would you ? Roy glare at nyle , then take a more enlighten approach . roy I admit , my head may have be up my own ass , I might not have fully grasp what I put you through , but that little hospital stint open my eye . today be always a good day here . matty tend he dog shit , Jamie in the prime of she womanhood at forty - five . madison 's gonna draw a family portrait later where we be all animal . I ’ma goddamn grizzly . I do not have to watch my family grow up to hate I . can not beat that . Roy glance over at nyle , sense that the dude be a lose soul at the moment . roy you gotta find you irvine . nyle I do not have a irvine . roy we all have a irvine . ( then ) who be that looney bitch that blindside I , anyway ? nyle ( defensive ) do not call she that . Roy shake he head at nyle while drink he beer . roy you bring she to the cave , do not you ? goddamn , do not you learn anything ? nyle stare ahead , still push madison . nyle she follow I in . 91 . roy hey . at least you have each other . can not imagine anything worse than go through this shit alone . nyle stop push , hit with the reality that they do not have each other anymore ... he do have to go through this shit alone . madison look back at nyle . roy okay , you gotta go now . nyle can I stay for dinner ? roy it 's probably best if we do not see each other again . ( then ) it 's not you , it 's I . a moment as nyle absorb this . even Roy be do with nyle . nyle kill I ? Roy take he in -- this defeat shell of a man . nyle the traffic . roy side yard . ( to madison ) daddy 'il be right back , honey . ext . roy 's house - side yard - moment later Roy lead nyle to the side yard and shut the gate behind they so that they be out of view from the kid . roy ( quietly ) k , uh ... get in the recycle bin . Roy unlock a storage bin and pull out the hunting bow . nyle climb into the empty recycle bin and face Roy . nyle you actually own that ? 92 . roy it 's my eldest 's . caught he hunt cat . at least I do not have to see he grow up to be a serial killer . Roy cock the arrow into place -- aim at nyle 's head ... roy I hope you find it , man . then aim at nyle 's heart -- and fire -- nyle collapse into the bin -- the lid shut close . we hold on the recycle bin for a few more second as Roy leave the side yard ... tilt up to the night sky -- all the star , all the constellation -- and back down to : ext . casino - parking lot - night where nyle and Sarah sit handcuff on the curb as the grumpy man give he statement to the cop. back to the last time nyle and Sarah see each other . nyle I be a awful person , whatever , but you be that predictable . she turn away . nyle do the same . the cop finish take the grumpy man 's statement and head to nyle and Sarah . just before he reach they -- Sarah turn back to nyle , determination in she eye : sarah I be get the fuck out of here . nyle do not understand ... cop 1 okay , up we go -- the cop help nyle up , and as he back be turn , Sarah , hand still cuffed behind she back , manage to grab he gun -- cop 1 cop 2 whoa whoa whoa ! Drop the weapon ! 93 . Sarah start firing at nyle , everybody scatter -- but the grumpy man , Mr. hot Dog man himself , be fearless . he pull out a .44 magnum , aim it at Sarah -- bang ! CUT to : int . calmada estate - guest house - morning Sarah shoot awake , sit up , fuck do with this day . she go straight to the bathroom -- she fling open the steam shower door to find abe -- abe hey you . sarah no . this be do . this never should have happen . we both deserve every awful thing that 's come to we because we be shitty people . but I be do be shitty . abe uhh , okay . you be not go to tell tala though , right ? sarah I already fuck tell she and it do not make a difference . and with that Sarah slam the shower door , crack it . int . sarah be car - moving / highway push in on Sarah behind the wheel , a woman on a mission . ext . palm spring public library - morning Sarah 's car screech into the empty parking lot . later Sarah pace back and forth at the entrance , wait for the library to open . behind her we see the librarian ( 40s ) inside , unlock the glass door and open they . librarian off to a early start -- 94 , Sarah slip right by and we follow she inside -- int . palm spring public library - continuous sarah Science . I need the science section . librarian what type of science ? sarah time loop ? time travel ? librarian try aisle six ... the librarian follow slowly behind Sarah -- Sarah turn down aisle six , scan title : quantum mechanic , in search of schrédinger 's cat , the infinity puzzle ... librarian what be you look for exactly ? I can help narrow it down ... sarah I walk into a cave that suck I into some type of hellish wormhole and now I have be stick live the same day over and over again and I need to find a way out . the librarian give she a blank stare . librarian maybe try the Internet ? Sarah stop . look over . that 's it . int . computer lab - moment later from behind the computer , angle on Sarah as she sit before this machine which may hold all the answer . as she get to work type we slowly push in on she face -- time speed up behind her -- library guest pass by in a blur -- but Sarah never move , she eye just rapidly scan every page she read , absorb every video she watch -- -- flash to diagram of wormhole , black hole , equation , cosmological diagram --— 95 . -- flash to various entry type into google : cosmology , magnetic vortex , quantum suicide , parallel universe -- pushing in on Sarah , she face fill the frame , pupil shrink -- -- flash to Sarah waking up -- she hop out of bed -- her car speed away in a dust cloud -- over and over again -- -- flash to a Stephen hawking ted talk -- Sarah furiously take note -- -- Sarah 's eye grow heavy as she watch a date tv special on time travel ... until she fall asleep at the computer -- -- Sarah wake up -- back at the guest house -- fuck -- and jump out of bed -- her car speed away -- pushing in on Sarah 's face -- on she eye -- -- as Howard assemble the altar , Sarah swipe a tape measure from Howard 's tool box and walk off , but stop when -- nyle ( 0.c. ) Sarah ! I see you car ! I know you be here ! she hide up against a wall as nyle pass by , then run off . -- Sarah exit a superstore carry a bunch of tool and chemicals . the same young boy sell candy from before approach . she ignore he . then stop . go back and give he a 100 dollar bill . sarah ( subtitled Spanish ) make sure you spend it all today . -- flash to Sarah at the mouth of the cave , measure it , pace back and forth , pour weird chemical in the dirt . she stride in , stare at a stopwatch , the orange orb engulf she into a black void -- we pull out from Sarah 's pupil -- she rub she weary eye as she skype with a professor : professor -+. we be kind of circle determinism , so there 's really only one possible future give the law of we universe -- 96 . sarah -- but . wait . you be wrong . hintz argue that a reissner - Nordstrom - de sitter black hole would allow a observer access to the indeterministic universe on the other side of the cauchy horizon . the Professor stare back . professor okay . sound like you do not need my help . take care -- the Professor sign off . -- flash to Sarah , face - to- face with spud 's goat . she pet it endearingly , apologetically , then walk she into the cave . we see the orange flash and hear the goat bleat . -- flash to Sarah lean over the fence at spud 's goat pen , weigh something as she look at the goat , who stare back . -- Sarah , outside the cave , strap a pack full of c4 onto the same goat 's back . she walk the goat into the cave , out of view ... but after a moment Sarah run out -- without the goat -- take cover behind a boulder , detonator in hand -- and click -- a explosion in the cave -- -- flash to a video depict a theoretical journey through the universe , through a wormhole -- lead we to : blackness , nothingness -- except for a single , distant STAR ... ... the STAR explode , fill a perfectly clear night sky -- now we be back to the start angle -- behind the computer . Sarah stop read , stop type , and sit back in she chair . she look to the librarian , catalogue book at the counter . sarah I think I get it . the librarian smile politely , then go back to she work . ext . calmada estate - backyard - that moment nyle , deject and back in the lounge chair , stare at the pool . pure misery and emptiness . the guy just can not move on . sarah ( 0.s. ) still here , huh ? 97 . nyle turn he head to see Sarah approach -- and fall out of he chair . he blink to be sure he be not hallucinate . nyle hey ! you be here . sarah yup . nyle wow , you look great . sarah yeah . well I can not age . nyle right . it 's awkward ... she look down at he , still on the ground . sarah so , how you be ? nyle bad. ( stand up ) I mean , yeah bad , look , can I just say something ... I be so sorry , for everything , for lie , for not tell you about we '' previous encounter . '' all of it , it be not cool . and I do not blame you for be mad at I . but , I have be think about it , we have a really good thing go before I screw it up . so , do you think we could just start over ? I feel like we owe that to ourselves . sarah be you do ? nyle think for a moment . be I do ? nyle yes . sarah good . I think I find a way out . off nyle -- 98 . int . bridal suite bathroom - day tight on Sarah as she explain she theory to nyle . sarah «+. all lie entirely within a cauchy horizon , and though the chronology protection hypothesis and quantum fluctuation theoretically do not allow for travel back in time , it really come down to nature always inhibit we . so , the general consensus be eradicate the energy source and all should reset . she look at nyle , preoccupy and clearly not follow . sarah nature prevent time travel . the earthquake break nature . nyle ( unconvincing ) right . I hear that . sarah no , listen , this be serious . Sarah lean forward and grab she purse from the vanity -- erin ( 0.s. ) please , do not move -- wide to reveal : Erin , thoroughly annoyed as she try to do Sarah 's hair for the wedding . erin I do not know what you be talk about , but we only have half a hour until photo and I still need to get ready . sarah then get ready . I will finish up . Erin put she hand up , glad to be do , and leave . Sarah take out lipstick and draw a diagram on the mirror , start with a long tube -- 99 . sarah this be the cave . it 's also life , birth and death , we consciousness , the timeline we all live on , but it 's simpler to think of it solely as the cave . we enter here -- she circle the leave entry -- sarah -- and what 's suppose to happen in life be we just walk through this tube to the other end , continue on this regular timeline . but , much like a earthquake can break pipe underground , it break we pipe . she circle a section of the tube -- sarah this be the part where it all turn orange , where we be suck in . for exactly 3.2 second we lose control of we body , and what 's happen be we be be suck down into this fissure cause by the earthquake , back to the moment we wake up . Sarah draw a line down from the fissure , back to the start . nyle ( try to follow ) okay ... I really miss you . sarah nyle , focus . it 's really not that hard to understand . here -- ( circle the fissure again ) this be a highly concentrate energy source . remember , you say it yourself . Energy be everything . we be trap in a box of energy . Sarah draw a BOX around the entire graphic . sarah that 's all this day be . a box of energy . ( point to the fissure ) we destroy the energy source in that 3.2 second window , we break the box . at least I think . Sarah go back to apply she make - up , pleased with herself . 100 . nyle and then what , there 's like more box outside the box ? sarah I do not know , maybe we wake up and it 's today , maybe it 's twenty year from now , or we be dead under a pile of rock . I can not be sure of any of it , that 's why it 's a theory . but we have to try . Sarah 's make somewhat of a convincing argument , but nyle remain skeptical . nyle okay . and by '' break the box , '' you mean ...? sarah we blow up ourselves and the cave in that 3.2 second window . then we be out . Sarah move onto she mascara , so confident in she plan . nyle I dunno , I mean , we have kill ourselves so many time already and we be still here , in '' this box , '' right ? I mean , I do not wanna shit on you idea , you have clearly spend a lot of time learn all about this stuff -- sarah well , technically , I have spend no time on it , since this be not real time , it 's all time spend outside of time , but go on . nyle I just think you might be set yourself up for disappointment again . remember you karma experiment ? sarah this be different . she put down she mascara and look he in the eye . sarah I test it . 101 . Sarah move into the bedroom and start change into she dress . nyle be stick on she last line though ... nyle how do you test it ? sarah I try it with spud 's goat . I send she into the cave , blow she up , and ... she 's go . I do not know where she go , but she be not here anymore . ( then ) Zip I up . nyle zip she dress , still unsure ... nyle the goat 's go ? sarah yeah . crazy , right ? so , get through today , do not do anything too crazy , and tonight , meet I at the cave so we can peace the fuck out of this shithole . Sarah check she dress in the armoire mirror . nyle sit on the bed , processing . do she actually find a way out ? nyle you sure you do not wanna run a few more test first ? sarah what ? no . what be you talk about ? Sarah sit on the bed and begin lace up on she shoe . nyle the cave will still be there tomorrow ... I just do not wanna rush into anything , you know , in case something actually do happen . sarah rush ? nyle , we have be stick in here for a eternity . nyle yeah , no , I know . I guess I just really see this conversation go differently , y’know ? 102 . she look at nyle . the same dude she once have a fling with , may have even love , but who remain unchange . same wrinkle Hawaiian shirt , same dirty swim trunk ... sarah Holy shit . you be scared to leave . nyle no , I be not . I just do not want to leave . there 's a difference . sarah what 's the difference ? nyle I wanna stay with you . sarah everything we be do in here be meaningless . you know that , right ? this be not real . nyle it 's real to I . look ... ( take a breath ) I love you . how about that ? Sarah continue with she other shoe , deflect -- sarah you do not love I . I be literally the only other human be stick in here with you . nyle no , what about Roy ? I do not love he . Sarah look at he : come on . sarah so , you be say that out there , in the real world , with million of choice , you would still want to be with I ? nyle hesitates for a second too long ... Sarah clock it . nyle yeah . absolutely . sarah bullshit . you can not possibly know that . nyle well , would you want to be with I ? sarah fuck no . Sarah head back into the bathroom -- nyle right , see , we '' can not possibly know that . '' you word . but what I do know be that we be good together , here , in this world . sarah you have lose you mind . nyle stand -- nyle that 's what love 's all about ! sane people do not fall in love , do not be so afraid of it . I be not go to fuck you over . and if you get mad at I again , just take a few year off and then come back . we will still have we youth . sarah I want my life back , nyle ! nyle why ? it 's not like thing be work out so great for we out there . I mean , I know you be screwing abe , so if you plan work you will have to deal with that whole mess . the color drain from Sarah 's face . sarah how do you know about that ? he sigh . nyle viktor and rolf flowerbomb . she be livid , ashamed , as she pack she purse -- 103 . 104 . nyle but it do not matter . I do not judge you for the past , that 's kind of my whole thing . sarah wow , you do not judge I ? that 's rich come from the guy who lie about we fuck '' thousand of time . '' nyle I say I be sorry ! sarah yeah , well apology not accept . good talk , nyle . do not come with I , I do not care . she turn to leave -- but he 's in the way . sarah can you move ? if this be my last day , I be not waste it with you . nyle stare back , he want she to stay ... but she will not back down . he step aside and she leave . ext . calmada estate - front - day nyle wander out the front door in a daze . he stop and stare up at the sun , like he 's try to blind himself ... ext . dirt road - day nyle trudge down the dirt road , away from the estate , as guest drive toward the wedding . he pass the sign for '' tala & abe 's wedding - November 9 . '' ext . calmada estate - day Sarah , all dress for the wedding , straight - face as the photographer position the family member around tala and abe in front of a cactus . Sarah force a smile for the photo . ext . desert highway - day nyle walk in the middle of the road , head hang , look pathetic . a pass car blare its horn . nyle do not react . 105 . ext . calmada estate - wedding ceremony area - sunset mos : tala and abe share they vow as family tear up . Sarah smile , stand by tala in full support . she glance out at the audience -- everyone fall for the love on display . ext . dirt road - sunset nyle turn up another dirt road , the sun descend below the mountain behind he -- and the EARTHQUAKE hit . nyle pause for a moment . a think cross he , he look west : the cave be open . maybe Sarah 's head in . he sigh , then keep walk forth into the darkness . misty ( pre - lap ) and commitment be '' the state or quality of be dedicated to a cause , activity , etcetera . '' ext . calmada estate - backyard - night misty look out at the silent guest . tala woo-hoo ! tala and abe stand and clap . everyone else join in applause . misty without further ado , let I bring up the may of honor , the actual big sister of the bride , Sarah . all eye land on Sarah , seat across from tala . she take a breath ... and head onto the dance floor . she take the mic -- sarah thanks misty , that be great . Sarah look directly at tala throughout . sarah tala . my baby sister , tala . what can I say that have not be say ? heh ... even from this angle , I can see a very faint halo of light around you head -- hover just above that angelic cheekbone . 106 . tala 's cheekbone radiate . Sarah sigh to herself , this be ridiculous ... but see tala beam at she ... and actually get a little choke up . what be this feeling I be feel ? sarah this world be bizarre ... thing happen , life happen , and it 's easy to bear down and just go through the motion day after day , after day ... but , my sweet little sis’ , you be so open to the wonder of it all . you have this hopefulness that 's special and rare . every morning you get up and you confidently charge forth toward the life you have dreamt up for yourself . you joy , this joyous energy , it 's contagious and it 's just ... flash to : sarah and nyle stare at each other across the campfire -- nyle sarah «+. everything . ... everything . back to : sarah - mid speech sarah .-. it 's everything . Sarah pause , strike by the warmth of this memory . she swallow she vulnerability , and look back at tala -- sarah Big sister be suppose to teach baby sister , but I will today and forever , and ever and ever , be learn from you . the two sister share a blissful , teary smile . sarah so , now , abe ... abe lean forward , expect some kind word ... sarah you fuck hurt she and I 'il stab you little fuck dick with a fork , I swear to god . 107 . stun reaction from the crowd . Sarah smile , drop the mic , and walk off . CUT to : int . roadside biker bar - night nyle sulk at the bar , swirl a glass of whiskey . push in on that empty mug of he ... until he drop he face down on the bar . as we first meet he . Gram parson 's '' return of the grievous angel '' play throughout . Darla slide up and rub he leg . nyle shoot up . darla you okay , sweetheart ? nyle I have feel everything I will ever feel so I will never feel ever again . Darla look to Ted the bartender -- darla what be you pour this kid , Ted ? ted the bartender that 's he first drink . nyle I think I know how to live . but I do not . or , I do not ? you know what I mean . darla darlin’ , take a look around : whatever you be after , it be not here ... but now time slow for nyle ... and _we see this moment differently than before as he lock eye with Darla -- he turn back to the bar , digest this odd profundity , stare into the mirror behind dusty liquor bottle -- from over nyle 's shoulder , reflected in the mirror , we watch : a giddy nyle lead a blindfolded Sarah into she surprise shindig fill with decoration and a giant ' happy millionth birthday , sarah 's sign ... that joyous tableau from they early day together . he remove she blindfold -- sarah ( touch , beam ) have I really be here that long ? 108 . nyle you be ask the wrong guy -- nyle lift up a confetti cannon and blast she face -- from nyle 's Pov , close up and direct into sarah 's grin -- confetti piece flutter around Sarah , radiant with a unbridle joy we have not see . she lean in and squeeze nyle in a hug , then let go and step back , bring we back to the bar , in the present on nyle , lose in this memory as Gram parson swell : '' , .. twenty - thousand road I go down , down , down , and they all lead I straight back home to you ... '' Darla , weird out , look to Ted the bartender -- darla you sure he do not take something ? ted the bartender he 's sober . kid 's just mope there . nyle turn to they , quickly piece together a haphazard plan . he jolt up and defiantly shoot he whiskey , shatter the glass with a glare for Ted -- nyle I be a fuck adult , thaddeus . ted the bartender talk to I like that and you will be pull you tooth from the bar . nyle size up the barfly leer at he . he turn to Ted and hold a peace sign ... and rotate it into a middle finger . nyle lunge over the bar and latch onto Ted 's shirt as some biker grab nyle 's leg -- the place erupt into chaos -- ext . roadside biker bar - night we hear the sound of a fight : shout , glass breaking -- the front door fly open and the two biker hurl nyle face first onto the gravel parking lot then go back inside . nyle look into he clench hand : ted 's car keys . nyle push himself up -- with a bloody , break nose -- and run to Ted 's pick - up truck , get in , revs the engine -- 109 . int . sarah be car - night Sarah drive she car along a rough dirt road , deeply focus -- int . ted 's pick - up - night nyle press down the gas -- speed down the highway -- he crack he nose back into place , then -- he hit a pothole -- pop !!! -- he blow a tire -- -- and skid to a stop on the shoulder . nyle jump out of the truck , check the tire : tear to shred and bent in on itself . nyle fuuuuck ! nyle look down the road -- and take off running -- ext . desert valley - night Sarah get out of she car at the dead end of a dirt road . she pop the trunk and pull out a duffel bag , throw it over she shoulder , and power forth into the desert -- on a mission . ext . spud ' house - gun range - night spud fire a shot at the mustache man target . as he nod with pride at he perfect shot -- nyle ( 0.s. ) do not shoot , spud ! spud turn and aim the gun at this mysterious man run out of the darkness and into the flood light -- a lunatic drench in sweat , cake in dirt , and out of breath -- nyle I need help ! a ride ... anything ... spud who the fuck be you ? spud do not flinch . nyle play he only card : 110 . nyle thirty year ago you meet a woman name Tracy holme at a bar in Aberdeen , and after she pop you cherry in the little boy 's room , she leave town and you never see she again . spud 's hand tremble at the memory , still raw , while maintain he aim . nyle spud . I be you son . spud shed a tear . he lower he gun , totally buy nyle 's story . he walk up to nyle and pull he in for a tight hug . spud I always have a feel . mid hug , nyle glance at the goat pen and consider check to see if Sarah be tell truth , if the goat be really go . but the clock 's tick . he get out of the hug -- nyle I love you , dad . but I really need you help . the love of my life might be leave forever . spud wipe he nose and look at nyle with fatherly eye . ext . desert hillside - night the cave . open and ready . sarah . calm. resolute . she stand just beyond the mouth , stare at it . she take a deep breath and pull on a vest line with c4 . she walk toward the cave . just as she 's about to cross the threshold -- nyle ( 0.s. ) wait !!! Sarah !!! Sarah turn to see a dirt bike weaving through the valley , spud be drive , nyle hold on tight to he waist . spud skid to a stop . nyle jump off and run toward Sarah . sarah goddamnit . what be it , nyle ? 111. nyle I blow it again ! you be right , I be scared , but I be not anymore ! we be all lose , but somehow we find each other . and yes , I be quote myself , but I hope you can look past that , because I know you feel it , too . sarah you do not know what I feel . you do not know I . nyle but maybe I do ! ( compose himself ) Sarah , from the moment I see you -- sarah I do not want another one of you fuck speech , nyle ... she look toward the cave . sarah you get one more sentence . nyle okay , okay , okay -- nyle think for a moment ... nyle even though I pretend not to be , I have realize I be completely co - dependent , but now I be cool with it because life be mean to be share ... semi-colon ... I need you for survival -- sarah that 's you one sentence -- nyle wait ! she stop . nyle .»+.- I need you for survival , comma , but this be so much more than that ... colon ... ( more ) 112 . nyle ( cont 'd ) I know you better than anyone know you , and that day we see the dinosaur , you say to really know a person you have to see they entire package , the good and the bad , well you have see mine , and I have see yours , and you have a excellent package . ampersand you be my favorite person I have ever meet , and yes , it seem like crazy odd that a person I have meet stick in a time loop would end up be my favorite person , but you know what else have crazy odd ? get stick in a fuck time loop ... dot dot dot -- sarah ellipse . nyle yes , ellipse , thank you . ellipse , I hope blow ourselves up work , but if it do not , it 's irrelevant for I , as long as I be with you . and if it kill we ... well ... Sarah isabel Harris , I would rather die with you than live in this world without you , emphatic period . Sarah 's speechless for a moment . sarah that be a grammatical nightmare . nyle yeah , hopefully that do not distract from my point . nyle lock eye with she , let he declaration of commitment linger for as long as he need to . Sarah finally break the silence : a beat ... sarah what if we get sick of each other ? nyle ( smile ) we be already sick of each other . it 's the best . 113 . sarah I can survive just fine without you . but there 's a chance that life can be a little less mundane with you in it . nyle yes , less mundane . that 's a very low bar , great place to start . she crack a smile . sarah then I 'il try it for now . nyle beam . spud clap , watch from he bike . spud and that be love . int . cave - moment later from the inside look out , Sarah and nyle stand at the mouth of the cave . her in she c4 vest , he with a break nose , in he swim trunk and Hawaiian shirt . a perfect engagement photo . they begin they walk in . nyle so do that goat thing actually work or be that bullshit ? sarah too late , you already commit . nyle Son of a bitch . Sarah take he hand . nyle hey , where do you wanna go on we first date when this for sure work ? the orange light brightens on they face . they look at each other , still walk forward ... sarah in case I do not see you again -- Sarah kiss nyle , the orange orb swell -- it dwarf they -- they lose control -- 114 . engulfed by orb --— making out -— sarah 's hand on the detonator -- click -— - ** a burst of white light ** CUT to black . fade in : ext . swimming pool - day yesterday , last year , today , tomorrow ... Sarah and nyle float on a extra large pizza raft in a pool , burrito in hand , horchata in the pepperoni cupholder . sarah there 's one thing I still really do not understand ? nyle only one thing ? sarah how do you find the cave in the first place ? you have to find it that first day at the wedding , but it 's like two mile from the party , not by any road . what be you do out there ? nyle take a big bite of he burrito . sarah seriously . honesty and communication be key to a healthy relationship . nyle but be there any answer that 's 1ll be satisfy to you ? sarah yeah , because a answer be inherently satisfy . it satisfy the pursuit of truth . and I like truth . I get off on truth . nyle stare directly at Sarah . 115 . nyle but do it not run the risk of disappointment if I tell you what happen ? by this point you mind be make up about I , whether you love I , hate I , or anything in between . and if I tell you how I find the cave , that might give you a sense of truth , but will it be satisfaction ? we energy should be focus on pursue what give we -- Sarah slurp she horchata loudly , grow peeve . nyle be not it more exciting to live you life always have some sense of mystery ? sarah no . that 's pretentious . and dumb . nyle ponder this for a moment . a small raft with the box of tecate on it float by . nyle yeah . I guess it be . Sarah smile . she stop the tecate box and grab a beer . sarah beer ? nyle I be good . watch my figure . ( then ) look . a turtle . nyle point to the scar tortoise walk toward they from the other side of the backyard . as they gaze at it -- '' forever and ever '' by demis roussos kick in ... we float up and away from nyle and Sarah ... and as we get farther away we see they be in this pool by themselves , in the backyard of a secluded desert house ... scatter civilization , farther away , dino in the distance , up into a cloud , until we can not see shit anymore . CUT to black . * the end *