pan 's labyrinth ( El laberinto del fauno ) by guillermo del toro ( pan 's labyrinth be in Spanish with English subtitles . this be a English translation of the script . ) '' picturehouse 2006 . all rights reserve . darkness . a female voice hum a sweet lullaby . superimposition : spain , 1944 . the civil war be over . hidden in the mountain , armed men fight the new fascist regime . military post be established to exterminate the resistance . then : the raw , raspy SOUND ofa child struggle to breathe . fade in : ext . labyrinth - night in the foreground , ofelia - 11 year old , skin white as snow , ruby lip and ebony hair - be sprawle on the ground . a thick ribbon of blood run from she nose . but - the blood be flow backward into she nostril . Drop by drop , the blood leap up and disappear . ofelia 's pupil dilate - narrator Long ago in the Underground realm ... camera move into the dark pupil - black screen narrator ... where there be no lie or pain , there live a princess who dreamt of the human world . the sound of muffle wind . narrator she dreamt of blue sky , the soft breeze and sunshine ... a dark castle take shape . here , a tower ... there , a turret ... and light window . finally , the damp , mildew wall of a water well come into focus . narrator one day , elude she keeper , the princess escape . a woman 's silhouette cross camera - narrator once outside , the brightness blind she and erase she memory ... a circular staircase lead up ... toward daylight , where the image ... narrator she forget who she be and where she come from . her body suffer cold , sickness and pain . eventually , she die . fade to white : ext . bombed CITY - day camera track past scene of destruction : bomb - out building ... cathedral in ruin . narrator her father , the King , always know that the princess would return , perhaps in another body , in another place , at another time . on half - demolish wall , falangist poster declare franco 's triumph . among the ruin , smaller , poignant trace of war : shoe , break eye-glass ... narrator and he would wait for she , until he draw he last breath , until the world stop turn ... through the ruin building , a SMALL caravan of black bentley car come into view . the shiny chrome fender pass directly by camera ; they bear all the fascist insignia and flag . int . MAIN car - same look out the window : ofelia . she 's dress in plain , slightly fray clothing . not very dainty . on she lap be a book of fairy tale . camera study one of the watercolor that adorn the page : a illustration of a little girl dance with several fairy fly around she . at she side , a small pile of similar book in a book strap . carmen I do not understand why you have to bring so many book , ofelia . ofelia turn she gaze toward the opposite seat , where she mother , carmen , 28 , be napping , she enormous stomach evidence of advanced pregnancy . she , too , have black hair . carmen we be go to the country ... the outdoors ... plenty of fresh air . she take the book away from ofelia . carmen Fairy tale ? you be too old to be fill you head with such nonsense . she pause , feel nausea . carmen ask they to stop the car - please - ofelia knock on the partition window of the sedan . the Driver stop . ext . wood - same the caravan of car stop . carmen hurriedly climb down and move to the front of the main car . gasp for air , she battle the nausea . ofelia timidly approach she . carmen ofelia , wait up . she grab she pregnant abdomen . carmen you brother 's not well . ofelia nod and move away . serrano , a military man , climb out of the car behind they and approach carmen solicitous . serrano madam , be you feel ill ? carmen Water - just a bit of water - serrano ( to one of he man ) Water , bring water for the Captain 's wife . ofelia walk alongside the road , move into the wood and further away from the caravan of car . camera survey the heavy forest : a tangle tapestry of moss and fog . the tree , sway by the wind , murmur softly around ofelia . she stumble upon a strange stone by the side of the road . roughly the size of a fist - carve on it , the outline of a human eye . fascinate , the young girl pick it up . she look around and find - amidst the shrub - a ancient stone monolith incise with celtic lettering . it 's crown with the grotesque face of a satyr - mouth open wide . a piece of the brutish face be miss : a eye . ofelia fit the piece of engrave stone in the miss area . a perfect fit . from inside the statue a click noise emerge . the wind pick up and - - out of the satyr 's open mouth , a stick insect lazily crawl out . ofelia smile . the insect climb atop the stone head and study the girl for a moment . then - carmen ofelia ?? the sound of carmen 's voice startles the creature , which fly off . ofelia run to she mother 's side . ofelia . ( enthusiastic ) a fairy - I see a fairy !! carmen oh - look at you shoe !! they be cover in mud ! they head back to the caravan . carmen when we get to the mill I want you to greet Captain vidal . that man - have be very good to we , darling . you have no idea - so , I want you to call he " Father . " do you hear I ? " Father ... " it 's just a word , ofelia . the stick insect land in a nearby tree and observe inquisitively as mother and daughter climb into the main car and head off . a beat later , the stick insect fly after they . CUT to : int . water mill - day close - up : a gold pocket watch , on a heavy chain . the glass dial be crack ... a glove thumb snap the cover shut . a voice - captain vidal - mutter in irritation . vidal Fifteen minute late . angle widen to describe a dilapidate water mill . the site consist of a pair of dark stone building with corrugate roof , connect to the mill by a small stone bridge . a large water wheel hang over the dry riverbed . the wooden beam and column bear sculpt celtic motif and here and there , small , odd , carve creature . the wall have be reinforce with hundred of sand - bag and wooden pontoon , as if prepare for a attack . captain vidal and a small group of servant and soldier wait patiently outside . soldier Captain !! they be here - the caravan of bentley stop in front of the building . vidal and he group move in . servant and Soldiers unload luggage withy military efficiency . in charge be mercede , a young but strict country woman . vidal greet carmen . vidal carmen - welcome - with a pleasant smile , he touch she pregnant belly and then point at a wooden wheelchair push to carmen 's side by a small , nervous man sgt . garce . by he side stand doctor ferreiro , a pleasant , scholarly man in he mid forty . carmen I - I do not need it - I can walk by myself . vidal Doctor ferreiro prefer that you do not exert yourself . carmen n-no ... vidal lean towards she and whisper - ever so softly - in she ear : vidal then do it for I ... she obey . as she sit , ofelia exit the automobile , hold she book close to she chest . carmen ofelia . greet the Captain . she be wheeled away . a awkward silence pass between the young girl and the Captain . vidal ofelia - the girl extend she hand . he grab it , firm but cold . it be she leave hand . vidal it 's the other hand , ofelia . he turn to the servant . vidal mercede , take my wife 's luggage to she room - mercede yes , sir . mercede glance back to find ofelia curiously gaze at - -a pile of sandbag . perched on top - - the big stick insect . it fan out its multiple wing . twice . ofelia run over and try to catch it . but the stick insect take off and escape . the girl drop she book and go after it . ext . garden - further - continuous ofelia follow the stick insect to the edge of a small rise . she follow it with she eye and see , about 100 meter away , surround by tree , the ruin of a garden labyrinth . the camera glide up for a better view . the labyrinth be circular , its path overgrown and partially block . ofelia enter the labyrinth through a archway . she venture down one of its pathway and stop - mercede it 's a labyrinth - ofelia turn - the young woman stand by she side . ofelia 's book in hand . mercede just a pile of old stone . they have always be there , even before the mill . better you do not go near it - you could get lose . a ray of sunlight break through the grey cloud and illuminate the old ruin . mercede hand she the book . ofelia . thank you . mercede have you read they all ? garcé shout from the mill : garce mercede ! ( mercede react ) the Captain 's call you . mercede make a small gesture of goodbye to ofelia . mercede you father need I . she turn and walk away - ofelia . he 's not my father . mercede do not understand . the girl run up to she . ofelia . the Captain - he 's not my father . my father be a tailor . he die in the war . the Captain 's not my father ! mercede can not help but smile at the girl 's sudden vehemence . mercede well , you have make that clear enough . they walk away together . ofelia . do you see my mother ? ( mercede nod ) she 's pretty be not she ? ( mercede nod ) you see she belly ? she 's sick with child . as they go into the house , the stick insect - perch atop the labyrinth 's archway - monitor they every move . CUT to : int . dine room - night vidal the guerilla be stick to the wood because it 's hard to track they down up there . vidal be stand at a enormous dining table . serrano , garcé and a few lower- rank official surround he . vidal that prick know the terrain better than any of we . we need to force they down - vidal stick pin into one of the larger map . vidal - let 's block they access to medicine and supplies . mercede enter bear a tray of olive , cold cut and a bottle of orujo liquor . vidal we will set up three command post . here , here and here . mercede glance briefly at the map , conceal avid interest . suddenly , vidal grab mercede by the arm . vidal have Dr. ferreiro come see I . mercede yes , Sir ... turn he attention back to he map , vidal take two olive and pop they into he mouth . vidal ( chew ) that bastard be go to starve ... you will see ... int . upper bedroom - dusk the doctor stir some drop of medicine into a glass of water . carmen lie back in a monumental carve bed . on she lap there be several play card . doctor just four drop at bedtime and you will sleep all night long . he give she the water and the medicine vial . carmen drink weakly . ofelia stand by she side . doctor do not hesitate to call if you need anything , Madame . you - or you little nurse . he grin at ofelia , then exit the room . carmen give ofelia the medicine vial . carmen go . Close the door so I can sleep . int . foyer / stairway - night in the hallway , the doctor find mercede wait for he . they proceed in silence down the hallway and look down into the foyer : empty . mercede you must come up the mountain and see he - the leg wound - its get worse ... the doctor nod timidly and give mercede a small package wrap in dark paper and neatly tie in string . doctor this be all I could get . I be sorry . mercede sigh , disappointed . mercede he 's downstairs - do not keep he wait . the doctor move downstairs . mercede glance toward the Upper bedroom and - -discover ofelia , watch she attentively - how long have she be there ? the girl close the door quietly . int . upper bedroom - night ofelia take off she shoe and climb into she mother 's bed . as she cuddle close to she mother - carmen Jesus - you foot - they be freeze . she caress ofelia 's head . the wind pick up and the house timber moan and creak . carmen be you scared ? ofelia . a little bit . ofelia . what 's that noise ? carmen nothing , just the wind . Night here be different from city night . there , you hear car , train . here the house be old and creaky . the house utter a series of deep , rumbling noise . carmen almost like they be speak . tomorrow , I be go to give you something special . ofelia . a book ? carmen no , something much better . a beat of silence and then - ofelia . why do you have to get marry ? carmen we be alone too long . ofelia . you be not alone . you be never alone . carmen when you be older you will understand . it have not be easy for I . she wince in pain - carmen you brother 's - he 's act up . tell he one of you storey so he will calm down . ofelia gently lean on she mother 's stomach and tap it with one finger , as if it be a telegraph key . carmen my brother , my brother ... carmen close she eye and listen to she daughter 's voice - ofelia . ... a long , long time ago in a grey , sad country ... inside the stomach float in a limbo of amniotic fluid , the baby open he eye and listen . ofelia . there be a magic rise that make whoever pluck it immortal . ext . magical mountain - sunset against a scarlet sky : a blue rose . its thorny stem clutches the dagger - like crest of a black granite mountain . the thorns grow around the granite like suffocating serpent . ofelia ( v.o. ) but no one would dare go near it because its thorns be full of mortal poison . the stick insect land on one of the thorns and then fly off into the night sky - ofelia ( v.o. ) so amongst the man tale of pain and death be tell in hushed voice . but there be no talk of eternal life ... because man fear pain more than they want immortality . - up , up and then through - ext . garden - twilight - the window of the Upper bedroom . through the glass , the stick insect observe how ofelia hug she mother . ofelia . so every day the rise wilted unable to bequeath he gift to anyone -- the stick insect click its jaw in excitement . CUT to : int . vidal be study - day the improvise office be in one of the lower room , where the gigantic mill wheel and the wooden gear lie in a heap . ofelia ( v.o. ) alone and forget at the top of that mountain . forgotten until the end of time ... small steel gear shine like metallic star on a small swatch of black velvet . tweezers pick they up and - - put they into place within the working of a watch . use a jeweler 's magnify glass , vidal oil and close up he pocket watch while he listen to cuplé ( traditional Spanish music ) on a phonograph . the doctor come to the door . vidal motion for he to enter . vidal come in - how be she ? doctor very weak . vidal close the watch . vidal she will rest as much as she need to . I will sleep down here . and my son ? doctor you - ? serrano and garcé enter the room . garce Excuse we , Captain ... vidal motion for they to be silent . then he look at the Doctor again . vidal my son . how be he ? doctor for the moment , there 's no reason to be alarmed . vidal good . that 's good . doctor Captain . you wife - she should not have travel this late in the pregnancy . vidal be that you opinion ? doctor my professional opinion , yes sir . vidal well , a boy should be bear wherever he father be . and that 's that . he head for the door . doctor Captain ... vidal stop and look at he fixedly . doctor one more thing , sir . what make you so sure it 's a boy ? vidal do not fuck with I . he exit the mill . CUT to : ext . mill - night the mill and the tent be silhouettes in the night . Soldiers patrol the gravel path . vidal , garcé and serrano walk towards the outer Water wheel . there , a small group of soldier surround a old man and he young son . garce at 8 o'clock , we detect activity in the southeastern sector . gunfire . sergeant bayona capture a suspect . the other prisoner be he son , who 's here from town . son Captain , my father be a honorable man . vidal I will decide that . take you hat off when you talk to I . the Son quietly obey . bayona hand the Captain a small gauge rifle and a leather pouch . vidal we find this weapon . it 's be fire . son he be hunt rabbit - vidal shut up , damn it . vidal take open the leather pouch and find a farmer 's almanac . he read a inscription print on the back page : vidal " ... no God , nor government , nor master ? " garce Red propaganda , sir . son it 's not propaganda , Sir . vidal , impatiently motion for he to be silent . old man " it 's a old almanac ; we be farmer , sir . " vidal go on . old man I be in the forest hunt rabbit for my daughter . they be sick . vidal rabbit , uh ? in the pouch , vidal find a half - empty bottle of wine . son Captain , if my father say so - he be hunt rabbit . vidal hand garcé the pouch and move towards the boy , bottle in hand . bam !! without warning he flatten the boy 's nose with the bottle bottom . the Father scream , horrify , but without the gut to intervene . vidal lift the Son up , bashes he nose again and again , leveling bone and cartilage . father no !! no !! you kill he !! you son ofa bitch ! vidal drop the boy , who fall to the ground spitting blood . he turn to the Father and shoot he twice in cold blood , then turn to the Son and shoot he once , in the head . then all be silence . the distant whistle of a train can be hear . vidal head back towards garcé and calmly search the pouch : Inside he find two scrawny rabbit . vidal learn to frisk this motherfucker before you come bother I . garce yes , my Captain . he move away . and he take the rabbit with he . CUT to : int . upper bedroom - night eye wide , ofelia hear a dry rattle , follow by a soft ululation at the window , which be half open . the curtain billow . the mill groan . ofelia be restless . then - a dry click noise . ofelia . mama , wake up - carmen do not move . a scuttling noise reach she ear as something small and quick skitter over the floor . ofelia . mother - please ! there 's something in the room - impossible . ofelia get up and carefully put on she shoe . something shift in the ceiling beam . ofelia look up , search . nothing . suddenly , something the size of a human hand scurries past she foot and hide under the bed . then , pull at the goose down comforter , the stick insect climb up into the bed . ofelia lean over it , shocked . ofelia . h-hello - do you follow I here ?? the stick insect click its mandible . ofelia . be you a fairy ?? the stick insect regards she with curiosity . ofelia . look - this be a fairy - she pick up one of she book and open it to a illustration : a beautiful fairy . the stick insect scrutinize the illustration and sit upright . it open and close its wing , transform into a GREEN fairy - a tiny human form with stripe wing . the Green Fairy fly to the foot of the bed , point to the window . ofelia . you want I to go with you ? outside ? where ? CUT to : ext . garden - night the Green Fairy fly swiftly , but ofelia follow close behind . suddenly it stop ! they be at the ruin of the labyrinth , which be bath in moonlight . tree and root crowd the break nich , as if fuse with the stone . some of the pathway be block by gnarled tree that have grow through the rock . labyrinth - continuous ofelia run through the narrow , spooky pathway , but she have lose sight of the Green Fairy . ofelia stop and look around until she spot it , wait for she at - rotunda at CENTER of labyrinth - night the Green Fairy alight on a ancient monolith at the edge of a empty stone pool . it 's decorate in celtic lettering , just like the one in the forest . another monolith stand at its center . ofelia near the edge of the pool . ofelia . hello ?! the pool return she cry , again and again . the tree trunk creak - and a cloud cover the moon . ofelia . echo ! echo ! then , she hear the sound of something big clatter about on hoof , like a horse or a bull . voice it 's you - it 's you - you have return !! the voice be cold and full of sibilance . the cloud move aside ... on its hind quarter in the shadow be the twisted and sinister figure of a faun . he 's cover in root and moss . ofelia back away - speechless . faun no - no - do not be afraid - I beg you !! look !! he open a small wicker basket and from it emerge two more fairy : one blue , one red . ofelia smile . ofelia . my name be ofelia . who be you ? faun I ? I have have so many name . Old name that only the wind and the tree can pronounce . the Green Fairy fly toward its colorful companion . faun Tam the mountain , the forest and the earth . I be ... a faun . as he bow to she , moonlight dapple he body . his coarse hoof and the strange angle of he leg make he courtly manner clumsy yet oddly gracious . faun you highness - ofelia . no , I be - faun you be princess moanna , daughter of the King of the underworld . ofelia . no - my father be a tailor . faun you be not bear of man . it be the moon that bore you . look on you leave shoulder and you will find a mark that prove it . ofelia instinctively touch she shoulder , with a strange expression on she face . faun you real father have we open portal all over the world to allow you return . this be the last of they . he open he arm and gesture at the well around they . faun but we have to make sure that you essence be intact , that you have not become a mortal . to insure you return , you have three task to fulfill - before the moon be full . the faun step back a few pace . he deposit a large leather bound book on the ground , as well as a leather bag . faun this be the Book of crossroad . open it when you be alone and it will show you you future - show you what must be do . then he and the fairy fade back into the shadow . ofelia go to the book and open it . no matter how many page she turn - - they be all blank . ofelia . there 's nothing here - but she be alone . absolutely alone in the well . music start - CUT to : int . vidal be study - bathroom - early morning vidal , shirtless , shave with a switchblade while listen to music . CUT to : int . dine room - day now , alone in the massive dining room , vidal shine he boot . methodically . this be obviously a daily ritual for he . by he side : the two scrawny rabbit he impound the night before . mercede bring he a cup of coffee . vidal mercede , prepare this rabbit for dinner tonight . mercede eye the scrawny animal - mercede they be too young . vidal well , see if they will do for a stew . mercede yes sir . she turn to leave but vidal stop she gently . vidal and - this coffee - be burnt . taste it yourself . she do . vidal place a hand on she shoulder . there be something unpleasant about this sudden contact , something too familiar . she bear it in silence . vidal you should keep a eye on it . mercede yes , sir . she move into - int . kitchen - later the kitchen be enormous . the open charcoal cook stove be two meter high by five meter wide . mercede ( hand out the rabbit ) take they to the table - two old , stout cook , jacinta and paz , wash the gigantic work table with boil water . mercede ( to the other ) he do not like the coffee . jacinta agh - he 's nothing but a fussy dandy . a dandy ! mercede pick up a pail of hot water . mercede we be go to need some beef and one more chicken . we have more guest - conchita , paloma and two other girl pluck chicken , peel potato , etc . paz well , where be we suppose to find that ? mercede the doctor 's wife and the mayor 's , too . jacinta well , they eat more than a pig . paz and they do not shut up - jacinta - not even underwater . int . bathroom , upper bedroom - day mercede and conchita empty bucket of hot water into a porcelain bathtub . int . upper bedroom - bedroom - day carmen open one of she travel trunk . carmen ofelia . you father be give a dinner party tonight ... look what I have make you . she lift out a beautiful green dress in shiny silk and ivory tulle . ofelia study the dress as if it be a strange artifact rather than something she might wear . mercede enter with a breakfast tray . carmen do you like it ? what I would not have give to have a dress as fine as this when I be little . in a reverie , carmen take out a pair of new patent leather shoe and a green silk hair ribbon . carmen ( to ofelia ) and look at this shoe ! do you like they ? ofelia make a effort and smile a weak smile . ofelia . yes , they be very pretty . but carmen be not fool - carmen go on , now . take you bath . go - ofelia obey - she enter - int . bathroom , upper bedroom - day ofelia , alone in the bathroom , open the magical book . at first , the page be blank , but a wondrous image take shape : ofelia and five chestnut . squatte at she side , under a huge tree : a massive toad . then a knock on the door - carmen' voice ofelia - int . upper bedroom - day alone now , carmen ready the little green dress . carmen hurry up . I want to see the dress on you . I want you to be beautiful for the Captain ... int . bathroom , upper bedroom - day on she right shoulder , ofelia examine , exactly as the faun say , a birthmark in the form of the crescent moon ... carmen 's voice you will look like a princess - ofelia smile . ofelia . ( to herself ) ...a princess ... CUT to : int . kitchen - later mercede organize the kitchen . mercede make sure that chicken be clean properly ... and the bean ... mercede take out a small , sharp knife from the fold in she apron . she skillfully chop a onion . the bustle suddenly stop . everyone look toward the door , where , among chicken feather float like confetti , ofelia stand , dress in green silk . conchita you look marvelous , my girl , just gorgeous . jacinta what a dress !! mercede smile . she 's pleased too , but she clap she hand together - mercede get back to work , stop waste time . they obey . mercede go next to ofelia . mercede do want some milk with honey ? ofelia nod eagerly . int . stable - later mercede put a bucket under a huge milk cow . mercede step back , I do not want you get milk on you dress , with you look so pretty . mercede begin to milk the cow . ofelia . mercede , do you believe in fairy ? mercede no . but when I be a little girl , I do . I believe in a lot of thing that I do not believe any more . ofelia . well , last night , a fairy visit I . and it be not alone , there be lot of they - and a faun , too . mercede a faun ?? mercede pick up the bucket and fill a wooden bow ! with milk . ofelia . he be very old , very tall and smell like dirt . mercede my mother warn I to be wary of faun - suddenly , vidal and garcé approach they . vidal mercede , come with I . CUT to : ext . storage build - mill - day vidal and mercede walk toward the bodega , or storage building , adjoin the mill . Guards unload giant sack of provision from truck . a Civil Guard capitan supervise the operation and greet vidal . capitan Captain , everything be here . int . bodega - mill - continuous the man fill the enormous bodega with grain , bottle of wine , barrel of oil , salt and sugar , etc . capitan flour , salt , oil , medicine , olive , bacon , tobacco ... vidal grab a packet of tobacco . vidal tobacco , huh ? Real tobacco ! the capitan hand over some papers with the falangist letterhead . capitan and the ration card . mercede be stunne by the quantity of food and supplies . vidal check the padlock on the door . vidal mercede , the key - mercede yes , sir . mercede hand over the key from she large key ring . vidal ( to mercede ) be this the only copy ? mercede the only one . vidal lock the padlock . yank on it : nice and strong . vidal from now on , I will carry it . from outside , serrano call he . serrano Captain !! vidal hurry over to serrano who hand he a pair of binocular and point to something on the horizon - serrano Captain , perhaps it 's nothing . through the binocular , vidal see a plume of smoke on the horizon . vidal it 's they . ext . forest - day garcé , vidal and a few of he man ride through the forest on horseback . ofelia ( v.o. ) when the forest be young , a fig tree take root and grow to colossal size . CUT to : ext . wood - day ofelia walk away from the mill and into the wood . ofelia ( v.o. ) when the forest be young , it be home to creature who be full of magic and wonder ... ext . wood - day vidal and he man ride through the forest . ofelia ( v.o. ) at the heart of this forest stand a colossal fig tree . the Forest folk sleep in its shadow . ext . edge of the forest - day ofelia ( v.o. ) but now , the tree be die . its branch be dry , its trunk old and twisted . ofelia find herself under a huge fig tree that have twisted into a arch reach to a nearby crag . ofelia ( v.o. ) a monstrous toad have settle in its root and will not let the tree thrive . ofelia open she leather bag . Inside there be five large chestnut . ofelia ( v.o. ) you must put the three magic rock in its mouth and retrieve a magic key from its inside . only then will the fig tree flourish again . the tree root be partly expose . the tree itself be surround by a large mud puddle . ofelia decide to take off she fancy silk dress . she carefully hang everything - include she hair ribbon - on the tree branch . finally she 's down to only a simple cotton slip and she shoe . as she enter - the wind pick up and move she hang dress . then , a sudden gust send the hair ribbon fly . int . gallery under fig tree root - day ofelia crawl slowly ; the gap between the root be narrow and claustrophobic . a few big , black pill bug be nestle in the mud . ofelia keep go . CUT to : int . campsite in the middle of the forest - day vidal and he man probe a forest cave . Inside , they find the remain of a campfire . vidal remove a glove and touch the ember . vidal less than twenty minute , they leave ina hurry . he find the remain of food and drink . vidal a dozen man , at most ... in the dirt , he discover the remain of the package the doctor give to mercede . Inside he find empty antibiotic container . vidal antibiotics ... garcé come upon a half - burnt lottery ticket . garce ( show he the lottery ticket ) shit - they forget this lottery ticket . vidal motion for silence . vidal they be here . that bastard be here and they be watch we . he stand in rapt silence . the tree sway gently . he heft the empty package like a trophy . vidal you leave this behind ! and the lottery ticket ! come back and get it !! this could be you lucky day - ! silence . then , they mount up and ride off . invisible under the tree , six guerrillas be indeed watch . among they be pedro , a tall and serious young man . ina flash , they all disappear into the underbrush . CUT to : int . gallery under fig tree root - day ofelia 's progress be slow . Water ooze from the surround root and mud . bug crawl on she arm . she hear a sudden , soggy movement up ahead . she take out the five chestnut - which be so large they barely fit in she hand - and work she way toward the noise . soon , she come face to face with - - a immense toad , as big as a boar . his golden eye blink ; he cheek puff rhythmically in and out . ofelia . hi - the toad 's long tongue flick out , trapping a couple of beetle and pull they back into he mouth . they chitinous shell crunch noisily in its slimy jaw . ofelia shudder and try to stand up . as she speak , a large red pill bug cling to she cheek . ofelia . lam - I be princess moanna and I be not afraid of you - the toad observe she , unmove . ofelia . be not you ashamed ? live down here , eat all the pill bug and get fat while the tree die ! fwapppp !!!! the toad send out its soft pink tongue , which flatten against she face , then slide off , take the pill bug and leave a gelatinous goo . Three of the chestnut roll to the ground . ofelia spit in disgust . the toad hunker down , shaking violently as it croak . ofelia backpedal , frighten . the toad resume its rest position . ofelia scoops up the chestnut . two fall back into the mud . she kneel to get they and - - deftly palm a juicy , fat pill bug . it curl itself into a tight ball . she keep it in the same hand as the chestnut . the toad croak again , shoot out its tongue , which wrap around she wrist . she stay calm . when the tongue retract , cover she hand with viscous spittle , the pill bug be go . and so be the chestnut . the toad croak violently and suddenly burp up a gigantic pearly bubble , which float in the air , bath in blood and saliva . and with this , the toad shrivel away , like a serpent shed its skin . ofelia pick up the warty , empty skin and look at the bubble . in its center : agold key . ofelia plunge she hand into the bubble to grab it . ext . edge of the forest - twilight ofelia emerge from under the tree with the golden key in hand . she 's filthy , sweaty and exhaust . she near the place where she leave she dress - - but it 's not there ! after a brief search , she find she hair ribbon . cover in mud . a few meter away , the dress - cover in wet , mossy mud . it start to rain . CUT to : ext . mill - dusk a pair of bentley sweep into the driveway . elegant dinner guest get out of the car : the mayor , he wife , and a parish priest . vidal stand at the front door to greet they . he 's in he formal uniform . int . dine room - same carmen , in a velvet maternity dress and in she wheelchair , wring she hand in anguish . the dining room be look its best , with sparkling crystal and china at each place set . carmen ( to mercede ) have you check in she room ?? and the garden ?? mercede yes , madam . the voice of the dinner guest get louder . as vidal enter - vidal May I introduce you to my wife , carmen . carmen manage a want smile of greeting . the Mayor 's wife smile back - mayor' wife enchant . mercede pleasure to meet you . int . dine room - night a ration card with the falangist stamp on it . the Mayor examine it . vidal from now on - one ration card peer family . seat around the table be : the doctor and he wife , the mayor and he wife , garcé , serrano , carmen , the guardia Civil capitan , and the Priest . carmen be stony - face in she distraction . mayor one ?? Captain , I be not sure it will be enough . priest if people be careful , it should be plenty . he eat more potato . vidal what we can not allow be for anyone to send food to the guerilla in the mountain . they be lose ground - and one of they be wounded . doctor Excuse I , Captain , how can you be so sure ? vidal we almost get they today . they have this . vidal pull out one of the antibiotic vial . vidal antibiotics . mercede briefly catch the Doctor 's eye . priest God have already save they soul . what happen to they body , well , it hardly matter to him . mayor we will help you in any way we can , Captain . we know you be not here by choice - vidal pause and lock eye with he . vidal you be wrong about that . the guest grow silent . vidal I choose to be here because I want my son to be bear in a clean , new Spain . because this people have the idea that we be all alike . but there 's a big difference : the war be over and we win . and if we need to kill each of that motherfucker to agree on it , then we will kill they all . and that 's that . he raise he glass and toast . vidal we be all here by choice . all the guest raise they glass . all by choice . mercede quickly leave the dining room . int . kitchen - later the kitchen door open and mercede enter , tremble . on the verge of tear , she grab a lantern and ready to leave . mercede put the coffee on . I be go for more wood . she leave the kitchen . ext . mill - back - night the mill recede in the distance , mercede hurry uphill . she pause next to a large wood pile and sadly gaze at the forest . use she hand to shield the lantern 's light she signal the wood - one , two , three time . then she turn around - she see - mercede ofelia - shiver , cover in mud , ofelia climb downhill and into mercede 's arm . CUT to : int . dine room - night everyone eat with relish , impeccably attend by the kitchen staff . mayor' wife and - how do you and the Captain meet ? vidal seem uncomfortable but carmen gently touch he hand . carmen ofelia 's father be a tailor - he use to make the Captain 's uniform - mayor' wife I see - carmen - and after he die , I go to work at the shop . a little more than a year ago , the Captain and I meet again ... vidal move he hand away from carmen' . mayor' wife curious , be not it ? find each other after such a long time . doctor' wife curious indeed - very curious ... vidal please , forgive my wife . she have not be expose to the world . she think this silly storey be interesting to other . carmen grow silent . ashame . mercede discreetly come over to carmen and speak to she . carmen push back from the table . carmen please , excuse I . all the man get up as carmen leave the dining room . the guardia Civil capitan smile at vidal . capitan have I tell you that I be acquainted with you father , Captain ? vidal can not suppress a brief grimace . vidal no - I have no idea . capitan in Morocco . I meet he only briefly , but he leave a great impression . vidal chew he food nervously . vidal a excellent soldier . capitan the man in he battalion say that when General vidal die on the battlefield , he smashed he watch on a rock so that he son would know the exact hour and minute of he death . so he would know how a brave man die . all eye turn to vidal . capitan nonsense . he do not own a watch . CUT to : int . upper bedroom / bathroom - moment later ofelia be float on the warm water of the tub . carmen what you have do hurt I . when you get out of the tub , you will go to bed without dinner . ofelia listen in silence , hold back . carmen be you listen ? sometimes | think you will never learn to behave . you have disappointed I , and you father , too . ofelia . the Captain ? carmen yes - him more than I . the faintest trace of satisfaction be visible on ofelia 's face . carmen leave . the Green Fairy fly in through the open window . ofelia greet it . ofelia . I have get the key . take I to the labyrinth . ext . labyrinth - the well - night with the book and the key in hand , ofelia step to the center of the well . she be wear a stripe robe . she examine the engravings on the monolith : the faun , embrace a girl and a baby . faun that 's I and the girl be you . from out of the shadow come the faun . the Green Fairy hurry to he . ofelia and the baby ? the faun come near ofelia chew a chunk of raw meat . faun I see that you get the key - the Green Fairy land on he shoulder . he feed she some meat . faun she 's very glad you succeed . she 's believe in you from the very start . keep the key . you will be need it . and this also - out of nowhere he produce a piece of white chalk . faun a piece of chalk - ofelia take the chalk . faun there be still two task leave and the moon be almost full . be patient . he caress she face with he dirty hand , which be cover with creep bug . faun we will soon be strolling through the seven circular garden of you palace . ofelia . how do I know that what you say be true ?? as he come closer , the faun 's face again come into the light . a wick grin be reveal - faun why would a poor little faun like I lie to you ? ofelia leave the well . CUT to : ext . mill - sunrise vidal open the warehouse . a large crowd of people line up for ration . the soldier keep order as vidal supervise the distribution of wheat , cooking oil and tobacco . vidal proceed . serrano have you card in hand and ready . let 's go . you name ? in a logbook , he make note of every handout . mercede , conchita and paz come out of the granary carry basket of bread . each piece be contain in a brown bag with a legend print . the guardia Civil capitan grab a piece and start recite the print legend . capitan this be we daily bread in franco 's Spain ! which we keep safe in this mill . the reds lie when they say there 's hunger in Spain . because in a united Spain , there 's not a single home without a warm fire or without bread . mercede look toward the mountain . CUT to : int . NORTH bedroom - dawn ofelia wake up next to she mother . she quietly slip out of bed ; she mother sleep on . as ofelia reach the middle of the room , she mother moan softly . int . bathroom NORTH bedroom - dawn ofelia open the special book . impatient , she start turn the page - nothing . she keep flipping through , look and look . but each page fade to white . ofelia look at a beam of sunlight come in from the small bathroom window . she reach out she hand and play with it . she look down at a page in the book . a small red stain have appear . blood . it spread rapidly , until it cover the whole page . frightened , ofelia drop the book . the blood flow onto the next page and cover it , too . ofelia notice a bloodstain on she nightgown . she step back . open the door . carmen ( v.o . ) ( weak ) ofelia ... int . NORTH bedroom - morning ofelia return to she mother . huge torrent of blood flow from the bed onto the floor . carmen extend a bloody hand toward the girl . carmen ( barely a whisper ) ofelia ... help I ... she get out of bed ; the lower half of she body be completely bloody . ofelia run to she . carmen disappear from she arm . ext . mill - early morning ofelia hurry from the building and go to vidal , who supervise the food ration . ofelia . Captain ! come quickly ! camera pull back to follow vidal as he run inside the mill . the day be just beginning . CUT to : int . mill - day it 's raining . vidal and the Doctor stand near the front entrance : doctor you wife need absolute bed rest . she will be sedate from now on . the girl should sleep somewhere else . I will stay here until the birth . vidal take care of she . heal she . I do not care what it cost or what you need , make she well . int . attic - late afternoon ofelia survey the filthy attic and the dark , low ceiling , full of hole . mercede and conchita make a bed with a large comforter and several fluffy pillow . conchita leave . mercede do not worry . you mother will get better soon , you will see . have a baby be complicated . ofelia shake she head . ofelia . then I will never have a one . mercede sit by she side . ofelia . you be help the man in the wood , be not you ? this come out of the blue . mercede freeze and after a long beat : mercede have you tell anyone ? ofelia . no , I have not - I do not want anything bad happen to you . mercede or I to you - they embrace softly . ofelia . do you know a lullaby ? mercede only one , but I do not remember the word . ofelia . I do not care . I still want to hear it . as she sing we - CUT to : int . kitchen - night mercede be alone in the kitchen . she carry a canvas bag . there be a low flame burn on the charcoal range . she kneel down and remove a tile from the floor : she have hide some food , a bottle of orujo and some papers . she transfer everything to the canvas bag . someone come into the kitchen , startling she . doctor do not be afraid - it 's just I -- mercede exhales , relieved . mercede be you ready ? doctor yes . mercede well , let 's go . ext . forest / river - night carry the bag , mercede walk through the river with the Doctor . they stop in front of a large , half - cut tree . doctor this be sheer madness . when that man find out about we , he will kill we all . have you think about that ? mercede be you that afraid of he , Doctor ? after a long beat - doctor it 's not fear , at least not for myself . a noise . then silence . the tree trunk sway and creak softly . something move among the tree ... mercede take a couple step ... and suddenly , someone be there : it be pedro , the young guerrilla . he hug she . mercede pedro , pedro - my brother . he kiss she on both cheek . the Doctor look around with alarm as twenty more man appear from out of the shadow . CUT to : int . attic - night ofelia be lie in bed . faun you refuse the task - ofelia be startle : the faun be perch on the foot rail of she bed , like a big crow . ofelia . n- no - my mother be sick . faun that 's no excuse for negligence . the faun look in a tatter bag , take out a twisted root of mandrake . faun look , this be a mandrake root . a plant that dreamt of be human . put it under you mother 's bed in a bow ] of fresh milk . each morning give it two drop of blood . ofelia , revolt , take the root . faun now , we have no time to waste . the full moon will be upon we . let my pet guide you through -- he hand she he basket . the fairy chitter - chatter inside it . faun you be go to a very dangerous place , so be careful . the thing that slumber there , it 's not human ... he hand she a small , dark hourglass . faun you will see a sumptuous banquet , but do not eat or drink anything . you life depend on it . ext . cave - night mercede , pedro and the Doctor arrive at a large cave mouth . guerilla sentries allow they to pass . int . cave - night the wall be cover with soot . a dozen more guerilla sit around a open fire in the middle of the cave . mercede open up the canvas bag and start hand out letter , food , tobacco and newspaper . mercede I have bring some orujo , tobacco , cheese . some mail for " trigo " and " piloto . " . the man divide a newspaper among themselves . one page each . the doctor approach a group of wounded man . one of they , frenchie , be very weak . his leg be bandage . doctor letus see how that leg be do , frenchie - frenchie well , how do you think it 's do ?? it 's fuck up - stutter .. North american , b-b-british and C -c canadian t-t-troops disemb - b-bark on a small beach in the North of F - F - france - stutter , a thin guy in he thirty , read a rag newspaper . trigo gimme that , you stammer piece of shit ! muscle-bound trigo grab the newspaper from stutter . trigo more than 150,000 soldier ... under the command of General dwight D. eisenhower who say : " we will not accept anything less than complete victory over Germany . " the Doctor cut the bandage off frenchie 's leg . it look horrible . frenchie be it bad , doctor ? doctor look , frenchie - there 's no way to save it . everyone go quiet - int . cave - later the Doctor ready a stainless steel bone see . doctor I will try to do it in as few cut as I can . the man give frenchie the bottle . he gulp down half of it . frenchie ( stoically ) wait a second , doctor , just a second . frenchie look longingly at he leg . one last time - then , he take hold of trigo and rubio 's arm . mercede and pedro put all they weight on the injure limb . the Doctor touch he see to the leg - - and cut . CUT to : int . attic - sunrise ofelia take the book out from under she bed . open it , she see herself illustrate in a room with a lavish table full of food . in the wall be three nich . and at the far end of the table , a pale human figure . ofelia ( v.o. ) use the chalk to trace a door anywhere in you room . open it and start the hourglass - let yourself be guide by the fairy - ofelia draw the outline of a door on the wall ... and then open it onto a long hallway . ofelia go through , wear the wicker basket around she neck . ofelia . do not eat or drink anything and come back before the last grain of sand fall through ... int . hallway leading to dine hall - sunrise the girl walk down a corridor with a low ceiling and a multitude of arch . each column represent a tree with fan branch . a elaborate mosaic pattern spread over the floor ; the ceiling fresco depict the lunar cycle . int . banquet hall - same in the next room , a large , wooden table overflow with a cornucopia of cake , meat , fish , liquor , exotic fruit ... Light and warmth pour forth from a roaring fireplace . a pale man with a gaunt , featureless face and skeletal body sit silently at the far end of the table . he 's ominously still , he head hang at a odd angle . in front of he , a small metallic plate display two human eyeball . it 's very hot : bead of sweat roll down ofelia 's face . her hungry stomach growl . she spot the three nich . she take out she golden key and consider the door . each one clad in smooth gold , with identical lock . the wicker basket start to shake furiously . ofelia open it . the fairy fly out . they buzz around the three nich , like fly around honey . they fan they wing repeatedly , vibrate , communicate , sniff the gold door . stepping back to let the fairy investigate , ofelia knock over a platter of green grape . she pick they up and put they back on the table . one of the grape remain on the floor . the Green Fairy stop in front of the door in the middle , announce its decision . ofelia go to the door and put the key in the lock . ofelia . no - it 's this one - - she go to the adjoin door , stick the key in the lock and turn it . clack . she open the door and reach through the doorway to take whatever be there . her hand near a package , about 16 centimeter long , wrap ina dirty rag . ofelia look around : nothing have happen . all be calm . the pale man be immobile . ofelia ready to exit , but then she spot a plate full of ripe grape : so many of they !! she look back at the eerie , sit figure : immobile and seemingly lifeless . the fairy warn she repeatedly , try to prevent she from eat any grape . but the girl sneakily pick one up and eat it . unseen by she - the pale man lift he head and grab the two human eyeball from the metallic plate in front of he . he introduce the eyeball into twin stigmatas in he palm and use he hand to look around , splaying he finger like excited peacock feather as he discover - - ofelia eat yet another grape . the pale man jerk toward she , in spastic , disembody step . he crouch like a animal ready to pounce . ofelia turn just in time . the pale man roar . the fairy fly at he and attack ! flail he arm , the monster turn over the table , dump all the food . swat and snap , he eat two of the fairy . they howl as he bite down ... ofelia run , carry the precious package . the Green Fairy follow she . the pale man come after she . int . long hallway ofelia get to the end of the hallway . she pound the blank wall where moment ago there be a door . int . attic ofelia 's thumping be barely audible . int . hallway leading to dine hall ofelia see the pale man 's silhouette come up the hallway . ofelia search she pocket for the chalk . find it , she stand on tiptoe and trace the outline of a door ! ofelia push against it and open - int . attic - sunrise a trapdoor in the attic floor . int . hallway leading to dine hall ofelia crawl out the new exit . her leg dangle briefly . the pale monster leap at they , snarling . ofelia pull herself up and out just in time . the Green Fairy follow shortly thereafter . int . attic - sunrise ofelia slam the door behind she . the mark on the floor disappear and it seal itself shut . all the while , something directly below bump violently , almost burst through the floor . when all be calm , ofelia sit on the bed , exhaust . the Green Fairy flutter and chirp , excitedly . CUT to : ext . river - sunrise the Doctor , mercede and pedro start down the mountain . pedro we will soon have reinforcement from jaca . fifty man or more . then we will go head to head with vidal . doctor and then what - ? you kill he , they will send another just like he . and another ... later - river bed the Doctor wash he bloody hand and he surgical instrument in the stream that run through the mountain . doctor you be screw , no gun , no roof over you head ... you need food , medicine . you should take care of mercede . if you really love she , you would cross the border with she . this be a lose cause . pedro I be stay here , Doctor . there 's no choice . he move away , towards mercede , who await he nearby . she hand he a copy of the warehouse key . mercede here 's the key - but you can not come down now . it 's exactly what he want - he kiss she on the cheek . pedro leave it to I . mercede I 'ma coward . pedro no , you be not . mercede yes , I be - a coward for live next to that sonofabitch , make he bed , feed he ... what if the Doctor 's right and we cannot win ? pedro look at mercede , hug she fiercely . pedro well - at least we will make thing harder for that bastard . a song start up , full of good cheer . int . vidal be study - bathroom - sunrise once more , vidal , shirtless , be shave with he switchblade while listen to music on the Victrola . on the sink : he father 's gold and silver watch . vidal look at it and then study himself in the mirror , as if size up a old enemy . he place the steel blade on he own reflection and - - cut swiftly . CUT to : int . upper bedroom - day the music drift upstairs into the Upper bedroom . ofelia approach she mother , who be asleep in bed , sweat profusely . she caress she face . there be a breakfast tray on the night stand . ofelia empty a glass of milk into a bowl and pull the mandrake root out from under she clothing . she submerges it in the milk , then slide the bowl under the bed . she bite she finger until a small drop of blood appear . it fall into the milk ... the mandrake twitches , suck avidly at the pink liquid . the root uncoil into the floor , spiralling around the leg of the bed-frame . ofelia hear footstep : somebody 's come into the bedroom . ofelia stay down : she can see a pair of shoe . it be the Doctor . he check carmen 's pulse and temperature . doctor Captain vidal ! vidal pace nervously , nearby - doctor her temperature be down ... vidal but she still have a fever ? doctor yes , but it 's a good sign - she body be respond . vidal stare at the Doctor , not a trace of emotion in he eye . doctor listen to I . if you have to choose , save the baby . that boy will bear my name and my father 's name , too . ofelia hear this from beneath the bed . suddenly a explosion shake the room . vidal look outside , then another explosion rattles the window . bit of plaster drop down from the ceiling onto the ground near ofelia . cursing , vidal rush from the bedroom . the Doctor follow ext . garden - day vidal hurry out to the garden . the guard have come out of they tent and look at - -a colossal column of smoke and fire in the distance . another explosion shake the ground . int . NORTH bedroom - continuous ofelia come out from beneath the bed . tentatively , she near she mother 's belly . ofelia . brother , brother , if you can hear I ... she lean she head gently on it . ofelia . ... thing out here be not too good . and soon you will have to come out . Mom be not do well . unexpectedly , the girl tear up . ofelia . I be ask you for one thing , just one : do not hurt she . she 's very pretty , you will see . even though she 's sad some of the time . you will see , when she smile - you will love she . so - if you do what I say , I will make you a Prince in my kingdom ... I promise you - a Prince ... ext . train track in countryside - day something have blow a large crater into the rural railroad track . tipped into it be the smoking ruin of a locomotive . vidal inspect a couple of char body by the wreckage . engineer I sound the whistle - but they would not move . I try to stop , but it be too late - the long freight train have derail in the middle of nowhere . dozen of guardias civil patrol the disaster . the engineer and the fireman walk among the burn freight car with vidal and he man . some guardias civil ride up and dismount . vidal what do they steal from inside the freight car ? fireman nothing they do not open a single one . vidal what the hell be you talk about ? fireman this whole mess - and they do not open any of the car . they do not take anything . vidal nothing , be you sure ? fireman nothing , who the hell know that they want - other than to make we waste we time . and , just as vidal realize he 's be trick . the sound of distant gunfire reach he ear . CUT to : ext . mill - day rain be fall as vidal 's bentley roar to a stop in front of the mill . a gunfight be raging . stay low , the Captain run over to garcé . there be several cadaver strewn on the ground . Guards have take cover among the tree . some bloody , wounded soldier cower on the ground . garcé be bleed from a wound on he forehead . garce ( point ) Captain - they come out of nowhere - they have grenade ... vidal see the open bodega . it have be thoroughly loot : jug and empty crate be scattered everywhere . he take special note of - - the open lock , hang from the door . serrano hurry up to he . serrano one group stay behind - up on the cliff - with rifle ... we have surround they - ext . deep forest - day holding he gun , vidal advance on foot through the drip forest . he be accompany by a squad of guard . gunshot . a pair of guerrillas jump out from a pile of boulder , blast away . a guard fall down dead at vidal 's foot , three bullet in he chest . vidal , serrano and garcé take cover behind a craggy outcropping . bullet explode onto the stone . excite , vidal glance at he Father 's watch and smile . vidal c’mon , serrano , this be the only decent way to die . he leap out , fire . two bullet whiz by he head and bury themselves in a tree . vidal keep shoot , wound two of the guerrilla . garcé follow , also fire . vidal and garcé get to - - the boulder : kneel there be a young guerrilla , panting , tear to piece by the gunfire . vidal let I see - can you talk ?? the Young guerrilla gasp for air : a gape wound on he neck bleed profusely . vidal pity . he empty he pistol into the Young guerrilla . garcé be appal . vidal reload and finish off the second one with a shot to the temple . vidal ( to serrano ) this be useless - we need one alive - just one - garcé spot something nearby . lurk in the bush be a wounded man , gasp for air , wounded in the leg . his face remain hide . garce Captain , this one 's still alive . he 's get a leg wound . CUT to : int . kitchen - late afternoon mercede come down the service stair into the kitchen . she run to the window . all the kitchen maid be there . mercede what 's happen ? conchita they take one of they - alive . and they be take he to the storeroom . mercede dart out into the rain . ext . mill - late afternoon conchita mercede ! mercede head toward the old bodega . she see the guard drag a man inside . ext . bodega - late afternoon mercede stand , in the middle of the rain not know what to do - where to go - where to run - vidal approach she . vidal mercede ? mercede i- I need to get in the bodega - vidal not now , mercede . a guard come out . mercede can see - int . bodega - late afternoon - the prisoner be stutter . stutter and mercede look each other in the eye - there be a mixture of relief and pity in mercede ! eye . a guard close the door . CUT to : int . kitchen - night mercede take the hide knife from she apron and peel vegetable . rapidly and mechanically . the kitchen be bustling with activity , but she mind be mile away . she pick up a dinner tray . int . vestibule - mill - night she carry the tray upstairs . int . NORTH bedroom - night she place the tray on the night stand . carmen and ofelia play card game by the light of the oil lamp . the Doctor ready carmen daily doze of sleep medication into a glass of water for carmen . doctor this be half the dose : only one drop - as ofelia come to the bedside , a weak but conscious carmen push the medicine away . carmen I do not think I need it . I feel better . doctor I do not understand it . but I be glad . ofelia smile . CUT to : int . bodega - night vidal finish roll a cigarette . he 's stand in front of stutter , who be tie to a concrete post . vidal damn ! this cigarette be good . Real good tobacco - he offer he a puff . stutter f-f-f-fuck you - garcé enter and set down a table and some chair . vidal we catch one and he turn out to be a stutterer . fuck ! we will be here all night . garce as long as he talk , Captain - vidal garcé be right - you better tell we everything . because , to make it happen , I bring along a few tool . nothing fancy - thing you pick up along the way . he go over to a tool box and take out a hammer , some needle - nose plier and a leather - work blade . vidal at first I will not be able to trust you .. but when I use this one - he lift the hammer . vidal - you will own up to a few thing ... next , he show off the plier . vidal when we get to this one , we will have a closer relationship , almost like brother . you will see . he pick up the blade . vidal and when we get to this one , I will believe everything you tell I . vidal pick up the hammer . vidal now - I will make you a deal . if you can count to three without st -t-tutter , you can go . he approach the shiver man , who look around as if in search of a answer . vidal do not look around , look at I . there 's no one above I . garcé - if I say this asshole can leave - garce then he can leave , Captain - vidal so , there - count to three . and stutter try - sweat - make a supreme effort - stutter one - vidal good . again , stutter struggle and manage a- stutter two . vidal one more and you will be free . and he go for it . but - stutter t--t-t-t - he look up at vidal , implore . vidal pity . his arm be a blur as the hammer land a terrible blow . dissolve to : int . attic - night Thunder , lightning , it 's raining again . ofelia be asleep in she bed . a shadow pass over she body - faun you mother be much better , you highness - you must be relieved !! ofelia be startle awake . the faun loom over she . ofelia . yes , thank you . but thing have not turn out so well . faun no ?? she give he the package . the faun open it : inside there be a long , gold dagger . it 's beautiful . the blade be engrave with celtic lettering and on the handle be the figure of a satyr hugging a girl who hold a baby . ofelia . no. I have a accident . faun a accident ?? she hand he the Fairy basket . out of it come the damage Green Fairy , who immediately perches atop he shoulder and start chatter and point at the girl . faun you break the rule ! ofelia . it be just two grape ! I think no one would notice - faun we make a mistake !! ofelia . a mistake ? faun you fail . you can never go back . the moon will be full in three day . you spirit will stay forever among human . you will live among they , you will get old like they , you will die like they -- and you memory of we will fade . and we will vanish along with it ! the faun back into the darkest corner of the attic . faun you will never , ever see we again . a flash of lightning briefly illuminate the corner : the faun be go . CUT to : ext . bodega - sunrise vidal calmly smoke a cigarette under a umbrella . garcé arrive with the Doctor . vidal good day , Doctor . sorry to wake you so early , but I think we need some help . the Doctor go inside . int . bodega - mill - sunrise the Doctor come into the bodega . vidal stay at the door . stutter be curl up on the ground . his nose be flatten , one eye be bloodshot and a head wound be bleed . fly buzz around he . doctor my God , what have you do to he ? vidal not much . but thing be get better . vidal surreptitiously remove a vial of antibiotic from the Doctor 's medical bag . he wrap it in a linen handkerchief . vidal I like have you near , Doctor . it have its advantage . he move away along with garcé . vidal serrano , stay here - once alone , the Doctor open up he bag and take out some alcohol and gauze to clean the wound . stutter I speak . not much - b-b- but I do - the Doctor see the man 's hand : it 's a mess of break bone and laceration . doctor I be sorry - he glance at serrano , outside smoking a cigarette . stutter no ... kill I , kill I now . the Doctor look he in the eye , unsurprise . int . vidal be study - dawn vidal bring out the packet of medicine from the cave . he take out a vial of antibiotic and compare it with the one from the Doctor 's bag . they be identical . vidal Son of a bitch - int . bodega - sunrise the Doctor prepare a injection . doctor ( to stutter , in a whisper ) it will be over soon . stutter gratefully squeeze he hand . after a brief hesitation , the Doctor administer the injection . the man stare at one another . slowly , the life ebb from stutter 's eye . int . mill vestibule - same vidal briskly leave he study . hear a door click shut somewhere above - he stop - vidal ( to garcé ) go check on Doctor ferreiro . I will be there soon . garce yes , Captain . vidal go upstairs . int . NORTH bedroom ofelia be crawl under the bed - there she find the mandrake root , bloat and immobile . ofelia . you be not move - be you ill ? suddenly , vidal yank she out from under the bed . bedroom - continuous vidal what the hell be you do down there ? vidal look underneath the dust ruffle - ext . bodega - day garcé walk to the bodega . serrano snuff out he cigarette . garce where be he ? call he out here - serrano who ? garce who do you think , you idiot ? ferreiro ! he push serrano aside , enter the bodega - int . bodega - same the Doctor hold the die stutter in he arm . garcé see - - the syringe in he hand . he understand immediately . int . NORTH bedroom - day vidal drag out the mandrake root from under the bed . its foul smell make he wince . vidal ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? he rip it off the milk plate . ofelia . no! nooo ! vidal be about to hit the girl when - carmen please , leave she be ! vidal turn : carmen have awaken . she motion for he to stop . vidal look what she hide under you bed ?! what do you think of this ? he hand carmen the mandrake root . ashen -face and weak , carmen look at the disgusting thing , try to make sense of it . carmen ofelia , what be this do under the bed ? ofelia . ( matter of fact ) it 's a magic root the faun give I ! vidal this be all because of that junk you let she read . look what you have do - carmen leave we alone , I will speak to she , darling ... vidal as you wish . vidal , furious , leave the room . ofelia . the faun tell I you would get better - and you do ! carmen you have to listen to you father . you have to stop all this . ofelia hug she mother with all she might . ofelia . no - I want to leave this place ! please , let 's just go - carmen thing be not that simple . carmen pries she off and look she in the eye . carmen as you get older , you will see that life be not like you fairy tale . the world be a cruel place . she move away and near the open chimney . the firelight cast shadow over she sweaty face . carmen and you will learn that , even if it hurt . she throw the root into the fire !! ofelia . noooo !! carmen ofelia !! Magic do not exist ! she grab the girl by the shoulder , shaking she . carmen not for you , I or anyone else ! then - a horrible , inhuman squeal . the die shriek of the mandrake !!! ofelia watch in horror as the humanoid root writhes and squeal in the chimney flame !!! carmen gasp and double over in pain , clutching she stomach . ofelia hold she as best as she can . ofelia . help , help , help ! int . bodega - same the ddoctor and vidal study each other . vidal why do you do it ? doctor it be the only thing I could do . vidal no . you could have obey I ? doctor I could have . but I do not . from somewhere in the house , someone cry out . they hear a commotion among the servant . the Doctor stand up and collect he bag . vidal but it would have be better for you - vidal grip he arm , stop he . vidal I do not understand - why do not you obey I ?? a long beat . the Doctor know that he response will seal he fate . doctor to obey without think - just like that - well - that 's something only people like you can do - Captain - vidal take out he gun and shoot the Doctor , who drop to the ground . vidal stand over he and finish he off . a stunne garcé look on . it begin to rain . jacinta and conchita approach vidal - a urgent murmur . vidal garcé !! have the troop paramedic come to my wife 's room right away !! CUT to : int . upstair hallway mill - late afternoon a stream of servant hustle up and down the stair with steaming basin and clean towel . some go in and out of the bedroom . the SOUND of carmen 's scream . vidal and ofelia wait impatiently outside the bedroom . Beyond the half - open door : chaos . mercede wash she bloody hand in a wash basin . ofelia listen to she mother 's cry . carmen 's scream stop , replace by a newborn cry . the paramedic walk towards vidal and whisper - paramedic you wife - be dead - vidal hurry into the room . ofelia be now alone in the corridor . there 's no one around . she hear the cry infant in she mother 's bedroom . a priest 's eulogy can be hear . dissolve to : ext . cemetery on a hill - late afternoon a beautiful afternoon : the sun be shine , the sky be clear . gather around a grave be the Mayor , he wife , the Priest , all the servant from the mill , the guard and vidal in a civilian black dress suit , with he newborn son in he arm . ofelia weep silently . mercede put she hand on ofelia 's shoulder . they lower the coffin into the grave . int . NORTH bedroom - day ofelia close the trunk that hold she mother 's dress . she put away she mother 's make - up , letter and photograph . various medicine and the bottle of sleep drop be on the night stand . she put everything into a small suitcase . CUT to : int . vidal be study - night vidal wipe a record with he shirt sleeve . he place it on the Victrola . mercede lay the sleep baby in a simple wooden cradle . vidal you know the Doctor well , do not you mercede ? mercede we all know he , sir . everyone around here . vidal the stutterer speak of a informant here - inside the mill . can you imagine that ? right under my nose . vidal place the needle on the record . vidal mercede , please . he point at a empty seat in front of he desk . the music start up . vidal what must you think of I , my dear young woman ? you must think I be a monster . mercede what someone like I think of you - hardly matter , Sir - he pour himself a glass of orujo and pour one for she as well . vidal would you go to the bodega , mercede ? and bring I another bottle of liquor . please . he glance at the bottle : a quarter of the liquor still remain . mercede yes , sir - right away . vidal be not you forget something ? mercede sir? vidal the key . I have the only copy , do not I ? mercede y-y . vidal you know ? something 's bother I . it 's not important , a tiny detail - but the day they break into the storehouse , with all that grenade and explosive , the lock itself be never force . but as I say - it 's probably not important . he give she the key and hover dangerously . vidal be very careful . mercede good night , sir . vidal watch she leave as he sip he liquor . int . kitchen - night the music from vidal 's study carry into the kitchen . mercede pries up the loose floor tile and fill she canvas bag with letter and grocery . she hear a noise , and stop : nothing ... she hurriedly keep pack . int . attic - night ofelia , sound asleep . a shadow loom over she . she wake up - mercede shh. ofelia - I be leave tonight . ofelia . where be you go ? mercede I can not tell you . ofelia put she arm around she neck . ofelia . take I with you , please . mercede I can not , my child - ofelia . take I with you . CUT to : ext . mill - night ofelia and mercede cautiously move away from the mill . mercede use a old umbrella to shelter the girl from the rain . int . river bed - night the two woman wade the shallow end of the river . suddenly a noise - mercede pause , agitate . mercede I hear something - she listen intently . mercede nothing - it be nothing . when she turn , she 's surprised to discover - vidal , serrano and half a dozen man surround they . vidal nod at they , gentlemanly . vidal mercede - then he gaze down at he stepdaughter . vidal ofelia ... CUT to : int . attic - night vidal push ofelia into the attic . vidal how long have you know about she ?? uh ?? he slap the girl - twice . vidal how you must have laugh at I , you little bitch !! he turn to he man , await order by the door . vidal lock the door - keep a eye on she and if anyone try to get in , kill she first . he exit . leave the weep girl alone in the enormous attic . int . bodega - day vidal take the canvas bag from mercede . he open it and bring out a few meager item . vidal dry meat - tobacco - if you have ask for it , I would have give it to you , mercede - then , a small packet of letter . vidal I want the name of anyone name in this letter and I want they in front of I - first thing in the morning . garce yes , Sir ! garcé nod he finish roping mercede to the exact same wooden post where stutter be tie . vidal you can leave , garcé . garce you be sure , Captain ? vidal for God 's sake , she 's just a woman . garcé leer and leave . mercede that 's what you always think . that 's why I be able to get away with it . I be invisible to you . vidal roll up he sleeve and unbutton he shirt collar . vidal damn . you find my weakness : arrogance . how perceptive . but we be here to find you weak point . vidal busy himself with he tool : the hammer , plier , etc . vidal it 's very simple : you will talk ... and ihave to know that everything you say be the truth . strain against the rope , mercede manage reach the knife in she apron . vidal at first , I will not be able to trust - suddenly - whack !!! vidal 's body shudder - - he put he hand to he leave shoulder blade . he look at he bloody finger . he turn around and stumble . mercede hold the knife . vidal reach for he gun . mercede stab he again , this time deep in he upper arm . as vidal double over in pain , she stick the knife in he mouth . mercede at first , I will not be able to trust - I be not some old man -! not a wounded prisoner - ! sonofabitch - sonofabitch - do not you dare touch the girl ... you will not be the first pig I have gut -! with a brutal thrust - from the inside out - she slice open he cheek . vidal collapse , gurgle blood . mercede use the knife to cut the rope as quick as she can . once free , mercede run toward the door . ext . bodega - night outside , no one have any idea of what have just happen . garcé , serrano and other guard go about they business . garcé , in fact , be listen to a radio , tune to the national lottery result . he hold in he hand the guerrilla 's abandon ticket . radio announcer ... the win number be ... mercede , surreptitious , move away into the wood . serrano spot she at the last minute . serrano ( to garcé ) he let she go ! garce shh - he listen to the radio and finally , grunt crumple the lottery ticket and move towards serrano . garce what the fuck be you talk about ?? serrano point at mercede , already halfway into the wood . garce hey ! she start to run . garcé pull out he gun and ready it . vidal stumble out of the bodega , bleed and cover he face with he right hand . vidal ( to garcé ) get she !!! garcé be shocked - a injure vidal ??? garce Captain ! what -?? vidal bring she to I , goddamit !!! he uncover he slashed face . garcé , startle run to comply . garce ( to all man ) mount up !!! ext . deep forest - night mercede run through the tree . suddenly a rumble make she turn around : a group of ten men on horse surge into view . she stumble , lose ground . mercede get up , limping now - she get to a clear . close in , garcé dismount . six other rider surround she . mercede flash she knife . the horseman tighten the circle around she . garce it will be better if you come without struggle . the Captain - she put the blade to she own throat . garce do not be foolish , sweetheart , if anyone be go to kill you - he take out he gun . garce it will be I - he walk up to she . suddenly , a gunshot hit he in the chest , and then another and another . he fall to the ground , dead . a series of gunshot pick off the other horseman . the last three soldier try to escape . one be kill by a furious hail of bullet ; serrano and another one manage to get away . a blood-spatter mercede see man emerge from the forest : pedro now lead forty armed guerrillas . brother and sister embrace . the Guerilla finish off the injure soldier on the ground . CUT to : int . attic - night ofelia lie on the floor , motionless , defeat , when the Green Fairy appear . ofelia sit up , and the faun be there . faun I have decide to give you one last chance . mesmerized , ofelia nod . faun you promise to listen , to do everything I tell you ? without question ? ofelia nod again . faun very well , then : pick up you brother and bring he to the labyrinth - as fast as you can . you highness ... ofelia . my brother ? faun we need he . ofelia . why - faun ( irritate ) no more question . ofelia . the door 's lock . the faun give she piece of chalk . faun then , create you own door . CUT to : ext . mill - nightfall serrano and the injure soldier return to the mill . int . vidal be study - night vidal sew he split cheek and then wrap a blood-stain bandage around it . ofelia steal in , past the Captain 's desk . in the cradle , the baby start cry . the baby 's wail grow louder . the Captain turn around ; ofelia hide but leave she magic chalk behind . vidal go to a small table and serve himself the last of the orujo . he 's take a sip . the bandage soak up in blood and alcohol . he grunt - - and pour himself another one . he 's about to take a sip when he see the chalk on he desk . he instinctively ready he gun ... then - sergeant Captain - Captain - please come , quickly - vidal now what ? sergeant serrano be back . he 's wounded . vidal wound ? he leave the study . ofelia come out from hide and look at the cradle , at the cry infant . she take out she mother 's bottle of sleep medicine and empty it into vidal 's liquor . ext . mill - night a dozen man gather around the wounded guard . vidal what happen ?? where be garcé ?? serrano shake he head . vidal how many be there ? wounded guard I do not know , sir . the shot come from all around we . fifty - at least - sergeant none of the watch post be respond , sir- vidal how many man here in camp ? serrano twenty , maybe less , sir - vidal do the math . int . vidal be study - night ofelia lift she brother from the cradle . ofelia . we be leave . together . do not be afraid . nothing be go to happen to you . she wrap he in a blanket and try to soothe he . halfway to the door , she hear footstep and hide in a nook . vidal put the remain man on picket duty at the tree line - when another squad get back , have it report immediately to I . vidal come back in , follow by the sergeant . vidal call for reinforcement . sergeant yes , sir . the sergeant leave , vidal go to he drink . but he stop to pick up he gold and silver watch ; he wind it and slip it into he pocket . finally , he drink he orujo . in the shadow , ofelia take a few step towards the door . outside , the sound of shout and gunfire . a explosion illuminate the room , revealing ofelia and the baby to vidal . vidal take out he gun and take a few falter step . vidal put he down - the girl edge toward the study door . vidal stumble toward she . outside , a terrible explosion shatter the window and shake the whole house . vidal I be warning you - put he down - he trip on he desk , barely stay on he foot . ofelia run away . vidal try to shake himself awake and go after she . int . mill vestibule - night the girl run toward the kitchen . another explosion light up the room , allow vidal to see she . he head straight at she . ext . behind the mill - night ofelia run outside , hold she brother . she look up . the moon be full . she run toward the labyrinth . vidal stagger out behind she . in the background , more explosion , flame and burst of fire . a battle rage in the forest . some bullet whiz past vidal , but he keep go . CUT to : int . stairway to attic mercede walk up the attic stair , follow by pedro and a few of he man . int . attic - night she find the attic empty . on a wall there be a child 's chalk draw of a doorway . CUT to : ext . labyrinth - night ofelia dash into the labyrinth . vidal be not far behind . the sleep medicine make he stumble and falter . he slump against a wall . ofelia gain on he . but right away , she lose she way , but the leafy wall move aside to guide she - ! - first one , then another - - and yet another . vidal , meanwhile , bump into obstacle at every turn . head spin , he pause . int . rotunda in CENTER of labyrinth - night reaching the rotunda , ofelia see the faun wait , halfway up the stone staircase . ofelia calm the baby and start down the stair toward he . faun quickly , you majesty , give he to I . the full moon be almost here and we need he to open the portal . ofelia . ( see something ) what 's that in you hand ? it 's the golden dagger . faun the portal will only open if we shed the blood of a innocent . a pin prick - that 's all . just a drop of blood - it 's the last task !! hurry !! the basket shake furiously . the Green Fairy escape and buzze furiously around ofelia . faun you promise to do it , so give I the boy . I want to leave this place , I can not wait any longer ! the faun come closer to the girl . his face radiate a wick hunger . she step back , horrify . ofelia . no . my brother stay with I . faun you would give up you sacred rights for this brat ? ofelia . yes , I would . faun you will give up you throne for he ? he who have cause you such misery , such humiliation ? vidal come into the rotunda . he see ofelia , alone . he can not see the faun . with enormous effort , vidal lift he gun . ofelia . I will . faun as you wish - you highness - as he recede into the darkness , vidal shoot . the bullet hit ofelia in the stomach . she fall gently to the ground , at the edge of the well , clutching she baby brother . the book land next to she . vidal pick up the infant . ofelia reach out for help , tear in she eye . vidal ignore she , spit on the ground and leave . camera close in on ofelia 's face . a ribbon of blood stream from she nose . int . labyrinth - night vidal run down the last path of the labyrinth , lead to the exit - ext . labyrinth - night - where pedro and he man be wait . in they midst : mercede . with a loud bang - gunshot tear into vidal . vidal fall to he knee , hoist he howling son in the air . vidal my son - mercede walk forward . vidal and mercede look at each other . vidal tell he about he father - about the time he father die - mercede take the baby in she arm . vidal understand the situation . he take out he pocket watch and smashes it on the ground . vidal tell he - mercede no - pedro step over to vidal , gun in he hand . mercede ( to vidal ) he will not even know you name . mercede ! word be vidal 's last and most painful wound . his face go pale - - and pedro shoot he in the head . vidal collapse , dead . int . rotunda in CENTER of labyrinth mercede and pedro reach the rotunda . mercede kneel next to the die girl . crying , mercede hum a sweet galician lullaby . ofelia 's pupil dilate . her blood run down into the well , into the puddle at the bottom . the moon 's reflection shimmer . in the book , a image take shape : ofelia at a royal court , in front of a fabulous banquet . king / father ( 0.s. ) arise , my daughter . int . vast hall - night ofelia stand . the labyrinth have disappear . this be a immense hall , in a dark , sumptuous castle . a swarm of fairy float around she head . before she , on a golden throne sit the king of the underworld . at he side , a almost unrecognizable carmen - radiant and gild , she have transformed into a fairy queen . between they , there be another throne , empty , wait . ofelia look at the King - ofelia . ( a whisper ) Father ... king it be you blood and not that of a innocent that make you worthy of the throne . it be the last task . the most important one ... and out from behind a pillar come out the faun . smiling , surround by the fairy . faun and you choose well , you highness ... he bow down . queen so , come sit by you Father 's side , my child ? he 's be wait so long . the Green Fairy fly around ofelia , celebrate she return . ofelia be cheer by a hundred voice . ofelia smile - int . labyrinth - night - and finally die . in she eye : one freeze tear . mercede hug the dead girl . camera dolly back . the moon be reflect at the bottom of the pool . buzz in the night air be the stick insect . narrator and it be say that the princess go back to she father 's kingdom - and that she reign with justice and a kind heart for many century . and that she be love by all she subject ... ext . edge of forest - sunrise the sunlight emanate gradually from the darkness and shine on the silhouette of the fall fig tree . narrator and , like most of we , she leave behind small trace of she time on earth . visible only to that that know where to look ... the fig tree be flowering again . fade to black .