pandorum written by Travis milloy deep space a darkness like no other , a silence that be unsettle . sharp pinhole of light show a sea of distant star across the void of outer space . we own motion be only realize as a enormous object slowly move towards we , take shape . a space ship of unimaginable size , a tubular freighter easily ten time larger then any aircraft carrier . at first glance it appear lifeless and adrift , but slowly the small glow of cockpit window come into view as we move closer . moonlight cut across the hull , display the name ; eden . bower ( v.0 . ) where be you ... when eden be lose ? like every other kid on my block , I be in the middle of a dream , envious of that who be choose to be part of mankind 's great quest . dream of the unknown and try to imagine what only the lucky few would encounter . we push in towards the cockpit window and ... dissolve thru : int . cockpit ( eden ) - cont . Inside the flight deck it 's ghostly vacant , row of empty flight chair and numerous guidance computer gently blink . with half fill coffee-cup and jacket hang over the seat back ... it appear the control deck have be suddenly evacuate . muffled scream be hear somewhere deeper inside the ship . bower .( v.0 . ) as the entire world watch in wonder , there be only a few , skeptical of the journey 's success . ( beat ) only a few ... who would be right . the further we move into the ship ... sign of violence appear , smear of dark blood sharply stand out on the bright white panele and several break computer screen . the muffle scream grow louder and clearer ... a argument between man , panicked rage over - lap . ( continued ) 2 . continued : camera slowly move past a corner to see the middle - of a violent confrontation . one officer be lock inside a sleep chamber , bang on the glass and plead with panic . another officer be on the floor , mortally wounded , he body still twitching with he head bashed in . the insane officer , a young corporal be move from terminal to terminal , type in command with a casual and emotionless nature . blood stream have run down he face from both ear and nose as he continue to type command into the flight computer ... heighten the trap officer be muffle , . scream . trapped officer ( in french ) stop it ! stop for god' sake ! please ! GOD no ! the insane officer hit the final command key and warning buzzer ignite with flash light . he close he eye , take a breath of relief . trapped offcier ( in french ) stop it ! you don't know what this will do to - you 're not - stop ! you're go to fucking kill US all ! the trap officer begin pound on the glass with a craze panic as the insane officer calmly go to he own sleep - pod and climb inside , sealing the hatch . trapped offcier ( cont -d ) ( in french ) please GOD ! no ! no GOD dammit ! Control panel flash and hydraulics ignite . like a row of tumble dominos , each of the sleep - chamber pod shift position with a shush of hydraulics and then ... they be launch with a roar of micro-jet . CUT to : ext . ship " eden " - cont . we be suddenly back into the unsettle silence as ... like a bee hive that 's explode , thousand of coffin-size sleep pod be eject from the ship in unison . they be send tumble into open space in every direction as the ship slowly continue its unaffected course . ( continued ) 3. continued : the trap officer be see scream in silence inside he own pod . dissolve to : ext . outer space we slowly float towards a astroid field . as we grow closer it 's the sea of sleep pod slowly float through space . bower ( p.o . ) where be I ... when I hear we would lose eden ? just like every other kid on my block ... I be dream ... of be one who would be choose to follow . as we move closer to the asteroid field of sleep pod , it 's obvious that time have pass , a single skeleton inside each of the pod , hand in a claw position towards the glass . we push in towards one pod , move towards the skull , still lock in a scream position , wide mouth and ... CUT to : M. hyper-sleep chamber a rumble pass ... eyelids twitch ... a gasp . Inside a coffin-size chamber , a dim glow of light seep through a small glass porthole . a man be asleep , a mask attach to he face , tube of liquid feed into he arm . corporal bower , military physique , chisele feature . his chest lightly expand , blood pulsate through he vein . light flicker past and he body come to life , muscle flinching , breath quicken . he squirm with discomfort , rip away the mask . he gasp , try to scream . CUT to : int . sleep chamber compartment - cont . his scream be muffle under three inch of glass . the hatch door be hit with a thud and white gas erupt from the edge . thud , thud ... thud ! the door burst open and bower scamper out , struggle to rip away the feed tube . he hit the floor , naked and gasp . his pore ignite , drip sweat . he try to get to he foot , but he leg wobble underneath he , collapse . he yell at the floor . ( continued ) 4. continued : bower burn be red ! bruise ... blue - his voice echoe into the dark , alone in a cavernous room as he pause , struggle for orientation . he get to he foot , muscle twitching . his short - cropped hair be ... pure white . bower ( cont 'd ) hey ...? hey !!? someone ? a constant low rumble be present , join by the occasional moan and creak of a large ship . a shudder travel through the room with a random flicker of light to reveal ... a massive steel compartment , tangle with technology . it 's cold and institutional . High -tech computer terminal slope out of the floor . the flicker pass , take we into black . we hear he : fumble through the room , switch be throw with no result and compartment be pull open and ... SNAP ! a glow stick come to life . he squint at he darken surroundings with confusion . a drip of liquid catch he eye and he stagger back to he sleep pod . he grab the dangle tube that be rip from he arm and he suck on the tube , pull as much liquid into he mouth as possible . after a few heavy gulp , he suddenly heave towards the floor . he painfully force himself to drink , gasp . he look up to notice two sleep chamber next to he own . he lean closer with the glow stick to see the first one , the name plate read ; 2nd Lt. Cooper . it 's empty . the third pod 's name plate read ; lo. payton . deep inside there be the figure of a man , asleep under a mask . bower ( cont 'd ) payton ? Lieutenant ... payton ? he turn back to he own pod , see the name plate that read ; corporal bower . even this name do not seem familiar . bower ( cont 'd ) bower ? bower ...? the loss of memory heighten he fear even more as a shiver travel through he body while he stagger towards a nearby computer terminal . he tap the key on a computer terminal . nothing . he frown , lean closer . ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) as he tap the keyboard , powder bloom out from under he finger . he wipe the surface of the panel to see a thick layer of dust . under the smear be ... elysium - Flight system - operation Terminal # 87153-D. he pull focus to see ... he finger be tremble uncontrollably , a odd vibration of nerve . he slowly make a fist with concern . CUT to : int . storage locker room - moment later bower walk along a row of storage locker read each name plate . he stop at the locker label ; Corp. bower . he pause , mumble the name once again with no recognition . bower bower . he open the locker to see a assortment of personalize belonging , uniform and gear , none of it seem familiar . he use a towel to wipe off the layer of sweat and oily substance coating he body , pause to see a identification tattoo on he forearm that read : flt&gt ;&gt ;005Â»015 . he pull on a black flight suit , emblem and military marking of rank on the chest . he pull on shoe and a tool belt with a high power pen-lamp . on the inside of the locker be a emergency manual card with block figure display breathe and stretch exercise , label ; hyper - sleep disorientation recovery procedure . bower ( cont 'd ) ( read to himself ) .in the event of mild memory loss ... result from extend - he freeze on ... a photo tuck inside the door . evalon , a beautiful young woman smile towards camera . he stare at the -photo , he frown deepen with confusion . he check the back for a name , but nothing . he tuck the photo into a pocket and exit . dissolve thru black : 6 . int . sleep chamber compartment - later bower wave he hand over a sensor ... no power . he step in front of a heavy set of steel door , flipping several switch and ... nothing . CUT to : bower break open a storage bin , pull out beverage packet and a cup , take a seat at the control desk . with evalon 's photograph lean against the console , he become lose in a gaze as he gulp down nutrient pill and stir a instant coffee as we ... push in there be a conflict in he eye , memory try to return . flash CUT a image flash past , evalon smile as bower kneel next to she , grip she hand . bower be gaze remain hollow , frown deepen as he sip the cup and ... wince with disgust . bower faa-uck ! distant thump . he pan the pen-lamp across the ceiling and toward the sound ... payton be sleep chamber . thump , thump , thump : muffled and desperate . crack ! bower jump back as someone kick they way out from inside , the hatch burst open . out climb ... payton , a man in he forty , but the rugge physique of a man half he age , lean and agile . his military - style hair cut be also pure white . gasp for breath , he hit the floor as bower try to help he . payton jerk with shock . bower ( cont 'd ) whoa ! hey ... easy ! Lt. payton ? you be - Sir ... whoa ! payton choke and gasp , then glance up , give bower a once over with a frown and a sober tone . payton who be you ? bower bower. corporal ... bower , sir . I be the - ( continued ) 7. continued : payton ( not familiar ) bower ? bower that 's right . you be waking from extended hyper -sleep - payton corporal ? bower yes , sir . this be disorientation from - payton corporal ... bower . bower yes . that 's right , I be - payton wanna get that fuck light out of my eye , pal ? bower sorry ... sir . payton rub he face with a frown . payton where ... be we ? bower we be aboard the elysium . from what I have gathere - payton ( not familiar ) elysium ...? where be we ? bower I do not ... really know . there 's no power in the com and I can not even - payton where 's the ... rest of the crew ? it 's we shift ? we rotation - bower I believe so . ( continued ) B. continued : ( 2 ) payton be not they suppose to be here ... to wake we ? bower Sir ... I do not know where anyone be . payton take breath , try to regain he sense , glance around at they darken surroundings . payton hit the light , will ya ? bower ah ... we be have some power problem - payton who wake you up ? bower umm , not sure . it have to have be the flight computer . there 's no one here ... ( off he look ) .except we . payton cold in here . bower grab he a towel and water container , turn back to see payton do not waste any time , stretch he limb . bower there 's no power come off the main grid . can not fire any of the ... ( search for word ) dynos . can not even open the door . payton glance to the other empty sleep - chamber with a frown . bower ( cont 'd ) ( off he look ) we 2nd Lieutenant ? I do not know where he be . it be empty when I wake up . none of the system be on-line . mainframe be down , so I do not know how or why it engage independently - payton bower . bower yeah ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 3 ) payton until I have two coffee you be just gonna have to repeat all this shit , so let 's just idle here for a bit . bower sorry . I just - just glad to see you awake . i be ... a little concerned . I do not know what to do if - payton get to he foot , stumbling . bower catch he under the arm as they stagger into the wall . bower ( cont`d ) easy ... Lieutenant . easy . payton coffee ? bower I be on it . payton good man . bower help he to the locker room as light flicker past . CUT to : int . storage locker room - moment later payton stagger along the row of storage locker as bower help guide he with the flashlight beam . payton pause with a frown as he glance across the name - plate , none of they seem familiar . bower gesture toward the locker , the name - plate read : lo. payton . bower this be you , sir . payton how do you know that ? bower 1 it 's ... the name on you sleep pod , sir . payton open the door to see he belonging inside , a photo of wife ( marianne ) inside the door . he stare at it with utter confusion . bower take this in , look to the memory recovery card inside the locker . ( continued ) 10 . continued : bower ( cont 'd ) it say that the memory loss be only suppose to be a momentary loss that 's - payton very reassure . I guess when you gamma the brain into extend rem , sometimes it can take a while to get it back . payton pull on he flight uniform and squeeze he foot into he shoe . bower notice the identification tattoo on he forearm , partially obscure from view ; flt&gt ;&gt;00 ... ( obscure by grime , hair and angle ) . unlike he own , payton be tattoo be fade with age . bower I have be awake for at least a hour and I still can not remember my ... anything . payton listen , the last time I crawle out of a hyper bunk , it take I ... quite a while to get it all back . bower hold he frown as payton squeeze he finger into a wedding ring . bower what be ... you last flight , sir ? payton ( beat ) do not recall . the kuiper belt odyssey ? do not worry , it will come back , eventually . payton kiss the photo of he wife . payton ( cont 'd ) I have go through this before . I just can not remember why I would agree to do it again . payton go to close he locker and bower motion with a serious tone . bower Sir ? I know this be go to sound strange , but do you even know where we be go ? I can remember the training , but ... not the mission . know the procedure , not the ... destination . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) payton I figure you would tell I . bower do not even know the ship 's name until I see it - on the console . for all I know this be another damn training exercise - payton trust I , it 's not . if this be a simulation ... payton notice both of they reflection off the mirrore panel inside the locker ... revealing they white hair . payton ( cont 'd ) someone be take the joke a little far . he shut the locker and they exit , the flashlight 's beam pan away , take we into darkness . CUT to : int . sleep chamber compartment / control desk - later bower and payton be stand at the control console , the screen flicker with distortion . bower hand he a coffee and payton take a sip ... with a wince of disgust . bower none of the activator be work . payton figure . we can ride two hundred thousand ton of space freighter across the galaxy without a dent in the hood , but can not get one good cup of coffee . payton flip a few switch with no result of power . bower without the mainframe , we can not connect . I do not know how we will ever be able to - payton be in he element at the control desk , flipping open a emergency auxiliary - power panel . he snap open a handle and he forcefully give it several rotation with a moan of whirling magneto . the hand - crank allow a dim glow of electricity to the light panel . bower ( cont 'd ) oh , I - do not even think of that . ( continued ) 12 . continued : payton give he a look with a grin and flip a switch . payton payton on the con . respond ? this be Lt. payton of flight team ...? shit - bower five . payton five ? how do you know that ? bower pull up he sleeve , expose he tattoo id . payton nod , " good think . " payton ( cont -d ) Lt. payton of Flight team five . do anyone copy ? anyone ... respond ? anyone awake up there ? Dead static . bower team four suppose to be here for the shift rotation . where could they be ? payton Fucking teamster . maybe they could not get to we . bower eye the third empty sleep -chamber . bower where could he have go ? payton gaze off blankly . a rumble of flickering light pass and the computer screen slowly fade , go black . payton the power system must be free-floating off blow circuit or something . the over - ride grid will not even lock in . bower whatta ya think ? payton I think we need to find a deck of card and call the union . distant thump be hear overhead and they freeze ... watch the ceiling with uncertainty . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) bower somebody ... be up there . payton hmm. ventilation ... maybe . system keep re-boot after each surge . that could be anything . thump fade as the ship eerily moan and creak . payton ( cont 'd ) I say we get out of here . I would rather be up and out then stick in the trunk . the room be block by the two heavy steel door on either end , security door ten foot wide . payton lead the way towards one end , gesture towards the door . payton ( cont 'd ) we be not far from the bridge but without the circuit lock in ... I do not know how we could ever get this thing open . as they approach , they flashlight beam pan across the door to see jag chip and scratch all along the edge . tool be scattered on the floor , the control panel rip open . bower Jesus . somebody be try to get out . payton ironic . I think it be build to protect we . bower ( gesture to the third pod ) well , he get out ... some how . a rumble approach ... another shudder that flicker the light . they watch the ceiling as bower count in he head as it fade . bower ( cont 'd ) cycle be break . I payton what ? bower it 's not circuitry . reactor timing be off - set in the core . seem sporadic , but it 's not . each revolution decrease before start over from the beginning . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 3 ) bower ( cont 'd ) it 's try to reconnect , but it will not until it 's reset . payton how the hell do you know that ? bower I dunno . I can not remember my own - but I know everything there be to know about that damn reactor . payton the training stick . bower and I know that ... another shudder approach . bower ( cont 'd ) that 's twelve revolution , before recycle . and this one will only last - as they watch the ceiling , they flashlight beam stop on a small ventilation shaft that 's be rip open . they exchange a look and ... CUT to : int . ventilation shaft - moment later they light spill inside a endless steel shaft only a foot and a half in diameter , lead into darkness . payton now if we only have a monkey and a rope . payton climb down as bower rotate he jaw with eagerness . bower we 2nd Lieutenant must have go this way . do not you think ? payton must have . bower it 's the only way out . payton I think we be better off ... wait here - bower for what ? if the mainframe be off-line - ( continued ) 15 . continued : payton we be not go to be able to get to the bridge or even be able to open that door from the other side - bower but we can at least find out what 's happened - payton do you remember just how big this ship be , kid ? we do not know where that will come out , if at all - bower but , we can at least try to - payton ( soberly ) I can not do that . bower can not do ... Sir ? payton listen , I have to take a handful of doxitol just to get in the hyper-bunk . bower you be ... claustrophobic ? payton I can take a lot , that 's not one of them . bower ( boldly ) I can take it . payton ( sigh ) Real boy scout , be that it ? you get lose in there and you be a footnote in the flight report - bower you can guide I ... over two - way . payton eye he over with reluctance . bower ( cont 'd ) you know there 's something wrong . how long can we wait in here before we have to try something ? ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) bower ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to 2nd lt pod ) how long do he wait ? Silent stare as a shudder pass , flicker the light . bower ( cont 'd ) what if no one else be awake and there 's no one at the wheel ? CUT to : int . storage locker room - moment later they dig through compartment , collect tool . bower put on a boom-mic , clip the radio on he belt and test the transmitter . payton go through a drawer of office supplies , hand he a envelope opener . payton just in case ... ( off he look ) . there 's mail you need to open quickly . bower tuck it into a zipper pocket and he photograph fall out . payton watch as he tuck it back in and zip up . payton ( cont 'd ) wife ...? bower yeah ... I think so . payton must be newlywed . how can you forget something like that ? bower what do - you remember ? anything yet ? payton some piece . ( eye narrowing ) still a little fuzzy but you be the cocky little shit who want the window seat ? bower and you be the cranky old bastard who make I take the aisle . payton give it some more time , pal . CUT to : 17 . int . ventilation shaft - moment later bower squeeze inside , push himself forward several foot as payton peek inside behind he . with one last look , bower hold the pen-lamp in he tooth and begin to crawl , push himself forward on he stomach , only several inch at a time in a rhythmic motion . grunt , slide , breath . grunt , slide , breath . payton be flashlight slowly fade from sight . dissolve thru black : int . ventilation shaft - later slowly the sound approach ... 1 grunt , slide , breath . grunt , slide breath . bower be pen-lamp slowly emerge and he pause to catch he breath . with anxiety show across he sweat coat face , he squint down the endless shaft . bower ( gasping ) dammit . payton be voice crackle over the radio . payton ( on radio ) how we do ? bower nothing yet . Christ , not a single vent open or- nothing . how about on you end ? CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton be seat at the control desk , the light panel fade . he hand - crank the auxiliary handle and then continue tapping the key as they flicker with distortion . payton power surge keep come across in longer increment , just like you say . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 . continued : payton ( cont 'd ) I be gonna keep try to get inside and run a dyno . or at least try to get a pizza deliver . CUT to : int . ventilation shaft - cont . bower frown as he squint down the shaft . bower hey ? bower quickly push himself forward reach a intersection in the shaft . bower ( cont 'd ) get a intersection here . payton ( on radio ) what be the choice ? the light pan to endless shaft in each direction . he snap a glow stick to life , let it drop down the vertical shaft ... silently into nothing . bower a whole lot of the same ... nothing . payton ( on radio ) if you be gonna take a turn let 's keep track . that way you can get back if there 's no way out . bower do not say that . bower lower he head , breathe heavily . payton ( on radio ) if you have not see anything yet ... maybe you should head back now . bower set he jaw and suddenly spot a spider , gently drop down from a string of web . it land and quickly scurries away . bower ( under he breath ) I will be damned . bower collect himself , a tightened jaw of determination . ( continued ) 19 . continued : bower ( cont 'd ) I be take a leave . make a note . payton ( on radio ) Left it be . bower turn the corner to follow the spider 's path , the glow of the lamp slowly fade . dissolve thru : int . sleep chamber / control desk a wall of monitor flicker , only offer a quick glance of surveillance camera on the ship , image too quick and distort to recognize but resembling empty corridor and vast cargo compartment . I payton look to the name plate that read elysium and a small emblem above it , a global shape with a spiral design . push in as he stare at the emblem , it seem memory be return , a frown harden on he face . distant thump snap he from he trance and he pan he flashlight towards the wall . thump ... scrape ... thump . he nervously pan he light slowly up the wall and across the ceiling . a shiver of uneasiness go through he as he sit , trap within the room alone . he try to divert he fear , turn to the control screen , give the hand - crank a whirl . dissolve to : int . ventilation shaft - later pitch black . grunt , slide , breath . grunt , struggle , breath . bower pause , digging for he lamp . he 's soak with sweat , eye near desperation . pipe be cut through the shaft on both side , make he crawl space even smaller and much more difficult . bower ( gasping ) payton ? nothing but static . ( continued ) 20 . continued : bower ( cont 'd ) payton !? do you copy !? hey !? finally ... payton ( on radio ) ( fill with static ) I be here . you alright ? bower rub the sweat from he eye , anxiety increase with he heavy breathe . bower I dunno . I dunno if I can - I can not tell if I be go in circle or - there 's nothing to - can not breath - payton easy , pal . breath easy . listen to I - bower squirm , push outward against the wall of the shaft with a increase panic . bower I just want ... to stand up for God 's sake ! can not breath - payton ( on radio ) calm down . listen , you give it a shot . let 's get you back here . bower back !? be you kid - I can not turn around ! I can not even - do you know how far I have go !? payton ( on radio ) take it easy - bower bang the wall of the shaft with desperation . bower I just want out of this fucking thing ! CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton be helpless , listen as bower be hear on the radio start to freak out . ( continued ) 21 . continued : payton bower ? bower !? stop it . stop it ! just listen to I . put it out of you head . stop move and breath . listen to my voice - bower ( on radio ) I can not ... breath ! payton put you mind somewhere else - bower ( on radio ) like where !? payton well ... this may not be the best time to tell you , but I get the door open . I CUT to : int . ventilation shaft bower freeze in shock . bower what !? be you fuck kid I !? payton ( on radio ) yeah . I be kid you . bower lower he head with exhaustion and a chuckle . payton ( on radio ) ( cont 'd ) there ya go . now just breath . easy , pal . easy . we will get you through this . we will figure this out together . hear I ? I do remember something . bower what 's that ? payton ( on radio ) my dream . on the way out . Real doozy . there I be at the Rose bowl game . nake and everyone be drunk but I . spend two year look for clothes . Long fuck Rose bowl game . bower chuckle , he breathe grow more steady . ( continued ) 22 . continued : bower dream like that , sound like you have get some ... guilt issue . payton ( on radio ) or just ... clothing issue . bower two year ? payton ( on radio ) huh ? bower you say two year . you think we have be asleep for two year ? I payton ( on radio ) I do remember that be we duty rotation and ... if we be team five that mean we have be out for ... bower ( haunting realization ) .eight year . bower pull the photo from he sleeve pocket , shine the flashlight onto evalon 's image . bower ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) that can not be right . payton ( on radio ) what can not be ? bower why would I - leave she ? I can not even remember say good - bye . why would I ? CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton ponder the think while gaze at the ship 's emblem . payton well , you be not here on default . this be a select pick . this flight be ... different . bower ( on radio ) different ... how ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : payton we be not just do speed lap on the belt . this be something ... special . close up payton gently rub he hand across the emblem carve in the steel , brush away the layer of dust as he finger tip tremble . he pause with a frown as a shudder approach ... CUT to : int . ventilation shaft - cont . the shudder be feel inside the shaft , evalon be photo tremble under the flashlight beam . payton ( on radio ) 1 I remember ... be interview . my mother see I on the news . this flight be ... like no other . we be not just pilot ... bower look up , shine the light down the shaft as the shudder fade . he pause to see small bolt protrude from the wall , small piece of rip fabric and smear of blood . payton ( on radio ) ( cont - D ) we be ... heroes . we be - bower ( into radio ) someone 's be through here . payton ( on radio ) what ? he push himself closer , squeezing between pipe for a closer look .. bower someone 's be ... bower notice the droplet of sweat drip off he chin be roll forward across the shaft floor with a frown . bower ( cont " D ) wait a second - payton what 's wrong ? bower I be ... I be at a angle ! shit ! ( continued ) 24 . continued : bower panic as he begin to slide forward into a downward sloping shaft , claw at the wall . the flashlight fall , roll and slide into the darken abyss . he frantically try to grip a pipe , but he hand slip , pick up speed . bower ( cont`d ) no , no ... n00000 ! he slide head first into a vertical drop , the shaft tightening like a funnel , crush he lung and slam ! he crash into a steel grate where he flashlight lay . it 's a nightmarish head stand , he neck twisted with all he weight on top of himself , squirming with no where to squirm . payton ( on radio ) bower !? the flashlight fall through the grate and he watch in horror as the light drop , fade from sight , take he into darkness . bower aaaaeirrrgh ! CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton quickly lean toward the console , grip the radio . payton bower !? what happen ? bower !? all he can hear be the muffle , panicked struggle . the rumble of a power surge approach . CUT to : int . ventilation shaft pitch black . bower squirm , twist and heaving inside the steel vise deathtrap . gasp , gasp , gasp ! and then ... the rumble approach . a shudder that send a domino effect of metallic clanks towards he from below . small shaft of light break through as small vent open in the side wall . his finger dig the envelope opener from he pocket as the rumble fade , clanking the vent shut just as ... he stab the envelope opener into a open vent . Metal bend . he begin to bang he elbow against the vent , over and over . bang ! bang ! bang ! ( continued ) 25 . continued : payton ( on radio ) bower !? answer I ! bang , bang ... bash ! he break the vent and kick until he 's able to push he leg through , into darkness , scramble . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton be on the edge of he chair , press the speaker to he ear . payton bower ...!? through the static come a howl of victory . bower I be ... out ! I be - payton breathes a heavy sigh of relief . payton Jesus , do not scare I like that ! where be you ? CUT to : int . storage bin bower snap a glow stick to life to see himself inside a small box - shape bin , kneel on top of dozen of boot . bower I be - I be inside a boot locker ! payton ( on radio ) a what !? bower I be inside a God damn - he shove outward and the door snap open . he fall out , flip through the air and slam to the floor , a impact on the radio send ... CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk a pop of static erupt over the speaker . ( continued ) 26 . continued : payton bower ...? you alright ? bower !? CUT to : int . storage compartment - cont . bower painfully get to he foot to see row of storage compartment , look up to the storage bin he fall out of . bower make that a overhead compartment . you with I , payton ? I get out . hear I ? he check the transmitter , crackle with static . CUT to : I I int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton adjust the frequency with concern . payton bower ? do you hear I ? bower ...? nothing but static . CUT to : int . storage compartment - cont . bower dig into a storage bin , find another flashlight and go to a single panele hatch . he flip the switch and .nothing . his eye quickly search for a solution . CUT to : int . storage compartment / corridor -- moment later a panel be busted open and bower jab a pipe into the gap , force the door open . shush ... the hydraulic piston ignite and the hatch slide open with a echoing ... thud ! he cautiously step out into ... follow thru : int . corridor - cont . his beam of light stab into the darkness of the massive corridor . this be we first sense of the enormity of the ship , endless steel ribbed passageway that stretch in both direction as far as the light will illuminate . ( continued ) 27 . continued : bower ( into radio ) payton ? you there ...? he cautiously venture down the corridor as light flicker past , get a quick glimpse of just how incredibly far the corridor run . he step up to a intersection of corridor , adjust the frequency on he radio . bower ( cont 'd ) payton ? can you hear I !? Dead static . he sigh , look down each of the corridor , all appear identical and endless . bower ( cont 'd ) which way be which ? I he examine the piping that run along the ceiling , check the direction of the valve and guess , pick a direction . he walk to the edge of the next corridor and pause with a frown . glancing down the side corridor , fifty yard away , something be off . within the symmetrical frame of steel , there be a round shape that be out of place . be cautiously step closer as the object take the shape of ... a man , stand at the edge of a doorway , head slightly cocked , peek out . bower ( cont 'd ) hey ...!? bower freeze , catch in a silent stand - off , the man be motionless stare be unsettle . bower ( cont 'd ) hello ...? a low rumble approach as light flicker past to reveal ... the man be face , hauntingly contort , swollen feature . the man be dead , hang from a cable around he neck , naked and gut like a animal , he foot hang a inch off the floor . his face be brutally beat . bower ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... Christ . Jesus - bower back pedal with fear and confusion as distant thump make he quickly click off he light and he back away , fade into the dark . his whisper fade . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) bower ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) payton ...? be you there ? answer I . fade thrtj black : int . sleep chamber / control desk - later payton be pace back and forth while switch he radio transmitter through the channel , one at a time . payton bower ? you there ? ( click ) com'on , man . you there ? ( click ) bower :? the familiar sound slowly return overhead ... scrape ... thump ... scrape . the " sound " be hear , muffle and now closer then before . with the flashlight lead the way he explore into a corner of the room , tangle with pipe . scrape ... thump ! something be just beyond the wall , try to get in . payton back pedal , search for any form of a weapon . he snap the handle off a storage bin , wield it like a baseball bat as he slowly back pedal to the control desk . he continue he search across the radio channel , keep he eye toward the corner as ... he finger on the switch seem to be trembling with more intensity . payton ( cont 'd ) bower ? can you hear I ? ( click ) bower ? answer I , God dammit . dissolve thru black . int . mess hall - later shush ... thud ! bower force open a single panele hatch door and cautiously enter into a institutional style mess hall . hundred of lunch table and chair . random SPARKS of light erupt from neon light overhead . ( continued ) 29 . continued : as he move across the massive room , the neatly line row gradually become more dishevel , chair knock over and unknown liquid drip from the table . garbage litter the floor , a dim glow of light emerge from the galley . he crawl along the edge of the counter and peek inside the galley , horribly ran-sacke . in the midst of the wreckage , a darken figure be see scavenge through the cupboard , angrily toss empty container aside . the figure pause , sense a presence and glance back as ... bower duck . he contemplate , pull out the envelope opener and slowly peek back out and ... pow ! he 's hit in the face , blood spraying , slamm onto he back . the pen-lamp and envelope opener spin across the floor . bower try to get up and he 's grab by the hair , a blade press against he neck . I a woman 's voice growl into he ear , in german . nadia keine bewegung ! bower what -!? he try to look up and ... crack ! instant swell over he eye from a hit . she kick the envelope opener away . nadia ( german accent ) do not move ! bower ( day ) wait a second - nadia do not you move mother fucker ! she quickly pat he down , steal tool . all he can see be she bare foot , blacken from oil . he frown to see she toe - nail paint with bright pink polish . nadia , a tear jump suit , snarl hair hide she face , skin smear with oil . a beautiful woman underneath a apocalyptic smear of grunge . her hair be pure white , high - light with smear of oil . bower wait - I be part of the crew ! I be - ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) crack ! a hit silence he and the forceful frisk continue . she pause to see evalon 's photograph , throw it aside . he grab the photo and she shove the blade deeper into he neck . nadia don't fucking move ! bower I will not ! please ! just listen - I be not - nadia take they off ! bower what !? nadia shoe ! I will gut you ass - bower alright , alright ! take it easy ! he begin to remove he shoe and the radio on he belt suddenly crackle with activity . payton ( on radio ) bower ? you there -? bower lunge and they go into a violent spin , crash over a table . dish clatter , gasp and grunt ... only glimpsis of the fight through the flicker of light . crack ! bower be hit , send fly and he look up to see she silhouette approach , edge weapon in she hand . bower stop ! stop it ! listen to I ! hold it ! she attack and he frantically throw dish and chair to fend she off . she throw the blade , the blunt end deflect off he forearm . bower ( cont 'd ) you crazy fuck bitch - he wield the only weapon he can find ... he shoe . and she attack abruptly halt , slowly back pedall with fright . bower be confuse , realize she eye be look past he . a bluish glow seep in from the doorway , approach from the corridor . he look back to see nadia be run for the kitchen ... go . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) bower ( cont 'd ) shit - he duck below the table as a figure slowly enter the room , carry a long steel spear- like device with a splinter of blind blue FIRE on the tip , fuel with a chemical sprayer like a welder 's torch . his obstruct view reveal the figure as a tribal warrior , scantily clad , elongate muscular frame , pale skin coat in hydraulic fluid . bald head with clump of tangle hair . it move smoothly and silently , jabbing the tip of the flame device into each corner and crevasse , as if flush out anything hide . bower ( cont - D ) ( under he breath ) what the hell be - the figure quickly spin he direction and snap a lever on the spear-device , kill the blue flame and take we instantly into darkness . bower hold he breath with fright , back pedall on he knee as he eye try to adjust to the dark . he take a uneasy breath to realize ... there be more then one . slowly move out of the shadow , four more hunter slowly emerge , like a unify pack on the prowl . they carry a assortment of crudely make weapon , spear and blade of sharpen metal . the apparent leader of the pack be heflin , the large and strongest of the group and he direct the pack with a assortment of odd vocal sound , deep hiss from the throat and gargle cackle . on command , the one hunter flip a lever and the blue flame crackle back to life with a burst of flammable liquid . the hunt continue , the pack weaving through the debris , follow nadia be path . as the bluish glow fade , bower be leave bewilder and terrify . suddenly , he radio sound ... payton ( on radio ) be that you !? bower -- bower frantically flip it off as one of the hunter suddenly turn back . E weasel , a small frame hunter search the area like a hunt dog , sniff the spot . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 4 ) on closer examination , weasel be coat with war paint and decorative scar mark he skin . bower Pov the only clear view be off a overturn bowl that show weasel be face , oddly contort in the round reflection . weasel be head directly for bower until.. , a hiss from heflin call he back . weasel take one last look before turn back , the torch fade from view , take we into black . we hear ... bower be breath , heighten gasp of fear as he begin to crawl away . dissolve thru black : I int . officer's quarter - later I pitch black . sound of the ship surround we along with the occasional flicker of light . a whisper conversation between bower and the radio slowly come into ear - shot as we find he , hide beneath a console . payton ( on radio ) ( muffle with static ) .with that mark , she 's get to be part of the passenger manifest . possibly a glitch in the lfs support system , a breakdown in the main grid must have wake passenger , instead of the flight crew . bower but , why would she try to kill I !? she be go to slit my throat ! and why would they look like that ? payton ( on radio ) look like what ? bower you should have see this guy . they be ... a very fuck up look gang . why the hell would they be -- payton , they be hunt . bower give himself a shiver as he fearfully check over he shoulder , eye shifting with fear . payton ( on radio ) hunting !? ( continued ) 33 . continued : bower they sure - as-shit be not a welcoming party from the promenade deck ! this guy be ... look to do some damage . payton ( on radio ) take it easy - bower we have get to try to contact the bridge . payton ( on radio ) you be assume there be someone on the bridge . bower you be not !? we be not the only one awake . team four would not go back to sleep without waking we for rotation . maybe they be on the main deck ? CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton go to the door , coat with desperate scrape and dent . payton if they be in there ... why have not they throw the security hammer into lock down ? seal and freeze it until the emergency unit wake ? bower maybe they can not . with the system kick on and off - maybe they be fly blind , with no control of the lfs ? payton eye the scattered tool across the floor and the rip open ventilation shaft . payton either way we can not assume help will be come . on - board or off . out here , there be no rescue . there be no turn around . this thing be not even build ... .to return . he pause off the involuntary memory relapse , look to the I computer screen , take in the think . ( continued ) 34 . continued : bower what be you talk about ? payton glance across the control console , nodd with more memory return . payton this be no regular transport . we be not out collect data off the belt or haul cargo ... we be the cargo . it be a single launch trajectory for ... that 's as far as he memory allow , he word trail off . CUT to : int . officer's quarter - cont . bower complete he think , in a daze . bower . tanis . planetary processing and population . we be a settler 's vessel . ( haunting realization ) elysium . this be a one - way ticket . bower be gaze go distant as ... flash image another place , another time , bower lean closer on a bed , watch evalon sleep . there be a a deep love in he eye . bower ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) how could I have ... leave she ? why would I have do that ? I love she ... bower snap out of he trance . bower ( cont 'd ) payton !? where be you wife ? payton what ? bower we do not leave they behind . no one do . they be on this flight ! remember the recruitment . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 . continued : bower ( cont 'd ) the fuck breeding test - the wife , the husband - the - she 's on this God damn flight ! CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control , desk payton be remember , eye widen with the realization , not completely at ease with the think . bower ( on radio ) they be here . somewhere on board . CUT to : int . officer quarter with a new energy of determination , bower crawl out of he hide place , pan the light to reveal the compartment , a I officer 's live quarter . the room be design in a circular shape , angle up the wall at a ninety degree angle . he quickly begin to search for tool and weapon . bower I have get to find she ... before that fuck animal do ! I have get to - bower ransack the compartment , toss aside item . bower ( cont 'd ) try to think of where they would be ? a sleep compartment for non-service personnel or - payton hold it , hold it ! think about this for a second bower what 's there to think about !? I remember ! there be thousand of passenger that be not part of the development team . families that - payton no , listen to I ! listen ! you know how big this ship be and there 's no way of know exactly where - if you go on some wild goose chase to try to find she - bower I have to - ( continued ) 36 . continued : payton and then we would be no closer to get out of this situation with even less time to regain control of the ship . bower stew , want to retort , he mind be racing . payton ( cont 'd ) we job be to obtain control of this ship . once we have take control of the system , find they would be easy . be you hearing I ? we save the ship ... we can save they all . bower but ... how do we - I be payton where be you ? I bower ( pan the light ) I dunno . Officer 's quarter , somewhere above d-level , I think - I do not - payton I can guide you . find out where you be . hatch marker . over the door . his flashlight find one of the hatch door and he climb up the slant wall to read the marker . bower d-71643-l. payton take it . climb up the angle furnishings , he search for any available weapon . he notice a mantel that display several antique astrological and navigation device . he spot a antique pistol . he break the glass , grab the gun , but it crumble under he grip , fall to piece . he sigh , but pause to see ... because the furniture be angle , he light spot a hide spot underneath the desk . he pull out a silver flask , bone dry . he reach further , pull out a unusually shape weapon , much like a saw - off shotgun with round edge . he snap open the hand - crank I lever and give a forceful whirl . a slow moan of magneto cause the weapon 's light to dimly come to life . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) he climb upward to a open hatch in the ceiling as we ... angle on in the foreground , there be a small fish tank , completely dry with a tiny fish skeleton lay on the bottom . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton spin the hand - crank , allow the computer screen to glow brighter . he quickly work the keyboard , pull up a diagram of the ship . payton ( into radio ) alright . I will lay out a path for you and see if we can by - pass the main security door . bower ( on radio ) guide I to where ? payton back toward the flight deck . back to I . bower ( on radio ) I be not come back to you . what good would that do ? I can not open that door from the other side -- payton what chance have you get out there on you own ? we will figure out a way to breach the command bridge - a power surge send a shudder and flickering light past ... flicker CUT to : int . corridor - cont . the same shudder of flickering light pass bower as he look down the endless stretch of corridor , ponder . payton ( on radio ) bower ...? bower listen ... if you can get I to the reactor bay . I can ... reset the reactor 's cycle . ( continued ) 38 . continued : payton ( on radio ) you know how to do that ? bower ( masking uncertainty ) yes . if I can ... we can take control of the ship . open the door , light , get on the bridge . you get a better suggestion ? CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton be finger slide across the blueprint , jotting down hatch number and marker lead to the reactor BAY . sound be hear in the wall ... thump , thump , thump . payton be too focus on the job at hand to acknowledge they . CUT to : int . corridor intersection - later the flashlight emerge from the dark as bower reach a intersection , check the marker and gasp for breath . I bower ( gasping ) third crossing . marker d-5381-x. payton okay . hold up . I do not want you to go too far down that lane . just catch you breath and - bower ( gasping ) I do not need a rest . which way ? payton I do not know vet . hold on - bower back to the wall , nervously scan the corridor , struggle for breath . in the background a shadow move at the end of the corridor . I feeling uneasy , bower slowly back into a nearby compartment . I follow thru : 39 . int . infirmary - cont . bower look across the wreckage of what be once a infirmary , slash mark and battle scar from blade weapon . through the wreckage he spot ... what appear to be a window . the haze of outer space and a odd -color moon be visible . bower ( under he breath ) eden . CUT to : int . sleep ch.a.mber / control desk payton suddenly lean forward in he chair , memory spark . payton what do you say ? I bower ( on radio ) the eden . payton nod , memory return as he mumble the name . payton of all thing to remember , why would you pick that ? CUT to : int . infirmary bower climb through the debris towards the apparent window , but it 's pretty far up a slant wall and he begin to climb . bower I be just think , maybe there 's something we have not consider . eden fail ... because of ods syndrome . the one officer who be suffer from pandorum . cabin fever . maybe there be something similar with one of the earlier team - payton no , no , no . you be talk about - eden be lose because of a mechanical failure , I simple as that . a system malfunction . bower pause he climb , look up towards the " apparent window " , inside what appear to be a bluish moon , dot with crater . he eagerly continue he climb , grow closer . ( continued ) 40 . continued : bower that be the report ... but do not you remember the story of the one flight officer ... the real story ? they say he go lunar , launch the entire ship , five thousand people kill with the flip of a switch . all from a bad case of cabin fever -? payton spook story , along with a million other . eden be mechanical failure , not human error . A. glitch ... that be remedy way before we ever - bower and why do they switch the rotation shift from three year to two ? and they eliminate the manual over- ride - payton they do that for obvious reason , not because of eden . bower pause ... within reach of the window only to realize it be a illusion . a glass compartment door leave slightly ajar be reflect a circular light panel , smear with oil to give the illusion of crater . his shoulder drop in defeat . bower well , at least we do not wake up ... float away in a coffin . payton ( under he breath ) who say we do not ? bower climb down , peer out into the corridor . bower something happen to the other team ? maybe there be ... pandorum . bower look to he own hand , cradling the weapon ... he finger gently trembling . he make a fist and shake he hand , firmly grab the weapon . I bower ( cont 'd ) which way ? payton ( on radio ) Left at the third marker . two more level down and we be there . ( continued ) 41 . continuued : ( 2 ) bower head down the corridor , make a turn as ... angle on a shadow figure step into view , slowly follow he path into darkness . dissolve to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton be lose in think as he watch the computer screen slowly fade with power . he grab the hand - crank lever , but pause to hear the sound be return , muffle and distant . thump , scrape ... rattle . he turn he light towards the ceiling and wall , which almost seem to silence the sound . the crackle of the radio snap he from he thought ... bower ( on radio ) this can not be right - payt on what 's wrong ? CUT to : int . corridor bower be crouch in the corridor , pan he light down the corridor with shifting eye of confusion . bower have I do a circle or be I double back ? payton ( on radio ) why do you say that ? bower I have see this before . this - we follow he flashlight to reveal ... a body tangle in a wire snare . it appear to be the same dead body he witness before , but as he step closer , it 's different . this body have rip clothing and be not gut . it 's ... shepard , a thin -frame man in a tear crew uniform , tangle in a wire snare wrap tightly under he arm and around he neck . ( continued ) 42 . continued : bower ( cont 'd ) a different one . there 's booby - trap , rig to the - shepard be eye pop open wide with a terrify expression , completely silent until bower see he . bower jump with fright and shepard wildly squirm , scream bloody - murder . shepard aaaaeeee ih ! his scream echo down the corridor , desperately fight back , like a animal catch in a trap . bower stop it ! Jesus , I be not gonna - shut - up ! shepard no ! please !! aaaerrgh ! bower hit he in the gut , knock the air from he lung . shepard crumble , wheeze for air , go silent . bower ( angered whisper ) I be not gonna hurt ya ! just shut the hell up ! I be gonna get you out of this thing . but , you have to be quiet , understand ? shepard be gaze be hollow and disturb , deeply traumatize . bower pull on the wire that 's rig to the hydraulics of a nearby doorway , shepard moan . payton ( on radio ) bower , you sure that 's a good idea ? he could be - SNAP ! the wire snare snap free and shepard go to the floor gasp . bower kneel over he to help , but shepard erupt with a shriek , like a hyper-sensitive rape victim . payton ( on radio ) ( cont 'd ) watch yourself ! bower hesitates , the flashlight reveal shepard be identification tattoo through the rip uniform and blood - soak bandage . it read ; flt//006//017 bower he 's ... team six . the unit that 's suppose to follow we . he 's - ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 2 ) as bower try to wipe away blood , shepard erupt again , try to scamper away from he touch . bower ( on radio ) ( cont 'd ) quiet ! I be not gonna hurt you ! shepa . rd begin to moan , mumble and weep as he rub circulation back into he limb with nervous laughter . bower ( cont 'd ) hey ? you with I ? you be gonna be alright . hear I ? squint past the glare of the flashlight , shepard notice bower be clean uniform and the radio boom on he chin . he begin to weep , tear of joy and agony . shepard shepard , Thomas L. team six . sector eight . I think I be the only one , sir . I know it . I know you would be come . bower huh ? shepard where 's the rest of you squad ? bower squad ? my Lieutenant and I be the - shepard where 's the shuttle ? bower shuttle ? what be you talk about ? shepard be expression drop . shepard be not you the ... retraction team ? the rescue - bower no , no . hold on . I be from this crew . I be from team five . shepard be face go pale , eye go hollow . his demeanor slowly begin to shift . shepard you ... just wake up ? ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 3 ) bower six ... maybe eight hour ago . I have to crawl all the way from the upper deck through the - shepard seem bitterly impatient as he quickly begin gather he tool 's off the floor . his eye watch the end of the corridor , now he 's in a hurry . shepard so ... you do not have a fuck clue to what 's happen ? be that it ? bower that 's what we be try to figure out ! tell I - what happen !? I shepard ( chuckle of disgust ) you know as much as I do . bower I do not know anything . shepard you will fit right in . i shepard feel along the pipe until he find one leak oil . he vigorously begin to rub the oil onto he body . bower what be you do ? shepard get the scent off . bower what ! ? shepard rub oil across he neck and then go to check the corner , wrapping a strap around he fist to secure a screwdriver into he hand . shepard I can not help you . I be sorry . bower help.me ? wait a second - shepard they go off scent and sound as far as I can tell and they be a lot fuck stronger and faster they you would think . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 4 ) shepard ( cont 'd ) when they come ... run . do not look back , no matter what . bower they - who the hell be they !? shepard I can not wait for you . bower be bewilder as shepard poise like a sprinter , prepare to run . payton ( on radio ) bower , you tell this asshole the chain of command and a direct order to - bower God dammit , wait ! you be still a officer of this ship and at present time , you CO be order you to - shepard ( scoff ) order ? for you information , there 's a new CO on board . so fuck you and you dress blue - bower shove he against the wall with force . they struggle i freeze as distant thud be hear down the corridor . they both look to see ... the glow of blue torcfe be grow . shepard begin to tremble , back away . bower set he jaw , step out into the corridor and slowly crank the power - lever ... with a whine of magneto , raise the weapon . shepard ( cont 'd ) ( terrified whisper ) that 's not go to help you . shepard run as bower hesitates , hold the gun towards the glow that grow brighter , hiss and cackle approach . push in fear over come bower . bower payton ...? 1 payton ( on radio ) get the hell out of there . ( continued ) 46 . I continued : ( 5 ) bower turn and run , try to follow shepard as shadowed hunter move past the end of the corridor . CUT to : int . filtration compartment - moment later bower have a difficult time try to keep up as shepard weave through a compartment fill with filtration unit and a maze of piping . bower spot a clear path but bump into glass . he realize the compartment be separate by thick glass divider . he change direction and see shepard crawl through a vent . he try to follow as ... a blue torch move past the doorway , bare foot run across steel . a collection of hiss and cackle grow louder . bower crawl under piping to hide . he notice the activation light on he weapon fade ... and he quietly try to give the energy lever a few turn ... but the whine seem too loud . he spot shepard twenty foot away , hide behind a console . I they exchange a look and shepard angrily wave he away . shepard ( mouthing ) do not follow I ! I can not help you - shank ! a wire noose snap tight around shepard be neck . much like a pole and wire rig use to wrangle alligator , the wire be release from the rig and shepard burst into a wild frenzy , try to run while on a thirty foot long leash . the wire loop and tangles around the piping as ... hunter move in from every direction , blade whirling . shepard scream intensify as the hunter huddle over he . bower viciously crank the energy lever on the weapon and climb out of he hide place as ... scream intensify within the brutal attack as the hunter begin to feed . seepard be neck be twisted far enough to SNAP ! bower fucking bastard - I bower raise the gun towards the back of the lead hunter , only fifteen foot away . he pull the trigger and rusted metal screech ! jamme . ( continued ) 47 . continued : he panic , grab the gun with both hand , check for a safety switch and ... ka- whap ! the weapon discharge a tremendous blast of energy off to the side . - the weapon be design to destroy biological and organic material , but for safety precaution , it 's unable to penetrate man-made material like lead , glass or steel . it 's unable to puncture the ship 's hull . the energy blast be a electrical discharge that crack like lighten and echoe like thunder . the blast hit the side of the wall with a deafen ripple of aftershock , shatter anything fragile and knock over anything not fastened down within a thirty foot radius . this little thing pack a punch . the hunter turn towards bower , the lead hunter turn to reveal itself as ... } heflin , a muscular - frame larger then the rest , skin glisten with a layer of hydraulic fluid along with tribal I scar and distort war paint . his eye hide under shadow . he slowly lift he shoulder while lowering he head , much like the fluid motion of a reptilian predator . bower frantically crank the energy lever and raise it toward heflin , completely unaffected by the threat . he squeeze the trigger and ... ka-whap ! the gunshot be thunderous , hitting the unseen glass divider between they . the safety glass absorb the blast , send a shudder through the hull . heflin barely flinch , step closer with a hiss . off he command , the hunter take chase , swarm in every direction , search for a route around the glass divider . bower run for he life . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . payton jump to he foot , eye darting across the flicker monitor , grip the radio . payton bower !? bower !? answer I God dammit ! all that be hear be gargle static and panicked breathing . I CUT to : 48 . int . corridor - cont . bower be run like a madman , ricochett off doorway and trip over pipe in the darkness . bower they get he ! they fuck rip he apart ! they be - payton ( on radio ) do not look back ! hear I ? just go ! go ! bower find a open corridor and sprint as ... blade scrape across metal , blue.torch roar , hiss echo . bower gasp heavily , hyper-ventilate as he catch glimpsis of hunter on he trail and run parallel in adjacent corridor , close in with unnatural agility and speed . bower ( gasping ) they be everywhere ! they be - I he run through a doorway and a thin metal strip hit he in the leg ... shank ! wire SNAP and hydraulics moan . hitting the booby - trap at full speed cause the wire to rip out of the door frame and ... bower tumble as the wire loop around he leg and he fall off the edge of a load shaft , into a open elevator shaft that drop into darkness . the wire tighten and he 's swing by the foot back into a open corridor , two floor below , like a dement base - jumper . he slam into the ceiling and spin wildly over the open shaft as he transmitter fall all the way to the bottom explode on impact . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk the radio static instantly change to a hiss . payton look to the meter ... signal go . CUT to : int . corridor bower grab the wall to stop from spin and frantically pull on the wire around he leg as it rip through he skin . ( continued ) 49 . continued : bower aaaargh ! footstep be hear approach overhead . on the floor below he be he weapon and flashlight . he stretch for the gun ... too far from he reach . the flashlight be " on " , illuminate the area . he push off the wall and reach for it ... finger touch , but unable to grab it . the glow of torch grow in the load shaft and bower push off , reach for the flashlight . unable to retrieve it , instead he push it ... into the open load shaft . it drop all the way to the bottom as ... angle on hunter step up to the edge of the shaft , look down to see the flashlight fall from sight ... angle on bower swing back , grab the wall and freeze . angle on the hunter hear the flashlight hit the bottom of the shaft and then slowly double back . torch fade . angle on / close up bower be face fill with blood as he hang upside down , try to catch he breath . his grip be weaken as he look up to see ... a shadow figure crouch with a spear in hand , leer at he from the shadow , approach . with no time to defend himself and no where to go ... screech ! the cable be violently tug from above , jerk bower upward , pull he away from the wall . he spin wildly try to grab back onto the wall as ... screech ! the cable yank bower upwards with enough force to hit the ceiling and swing toward the open shaft . his finger claw at the wall as he 's literally be reele in like a fish . he see the figure charge with a blade spear . he 's know he 's do for and ... ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) SNAP ! the wire be slashed , bower break free hit the floor as the cable be jerk up and out of sight . angle on the silhouettes of the hunter on the ledge , several level above , inspect the loose cable and after a hiss , they turn back , fade into the shadow . bower lay on he back , squirming in the tangle wire as the figure hover over he , spin a blade weapon in he hand . bower ( cont ' D ) please ... do not - please , listen - the figure slashes bower be sleeve , rip away the fabric and look at he identification tattoo . bower quit squirming as the figure lean closer into the light with a curious frown . tanaka , a japanese man in rip and modify clothing . unlike the awkward gauntness of the hunter , he have a full - frame , hard - edge physique and soft brown eye . tana .. ka japanese - no subtitles bower what ...? tanaka japanese - no subtitles bower I do not understand . i- I do not speak - tanaka jab a finger into the emblem on bower be uniform . tanaka japanese - no subtitles bower I be sorry . I do not - do you ... speak English ? tanaka japanese - no subtitles they share a nod and a awkward silence , bower still eyeing the razor sharp weapon in he hand and not want to move . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 3 ) bower thanks . thanks for ... that . tanaka be dead pan . bower flinch as tanaka pick up the energy gun and then ... flip it over , hand it back to he . bower cautiously accept as he climb to he foot . tanaka japanese - no subtitles bower I be sorry . I do not ... tanaka japanese - no subtitles bower I do not know what you - tanaka jab the emblem on he uniform and present he own F identification tattoo that read : agr//812//673. tanaka ( matter of factly ) japanese - no subtitles . bower you be with ... agriculture !? Jesus ... listen , I be not - tanaka jab the emblem on bower be chest , tap he tattoo . tanaka ( bluntly ) japanese - no subtitles bower yes ! I know ! I be with the flight crew ! but , I do not know what 's happen ! I can 't - another jab . bower ( cont 'd ) ( bitterly ) I 'm not in charge here !! I realizing louder do not mean clearer , bower sigh at he own idiocy . tanaka nod , but with obviously no clue what be 1 just say . they stare at one another in silence . tanaka hand he a flashlight . bower do he best charade , gesture to himself and point to the ship . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 4 ) bower ( cont - D ) listen , I be go to find out what go wrong ... with the ship . taanaka Shee -ip ? bower yes , I be go to the reactor to try to - tanaka ree-actoh ? bower right . it do not really matter - you should stay put . or go back to you compartment sector - wait for the security system to engage . okay ? we be gonna take care of this problem . Dead pan . bower ( cont 'd ) okay ? bower slowly back away and tanaka follow . bower stop , I eyeing he numerous blade weapon . I bower ( cont 'd ) no. listen , you should stay . wait here ... for the system to - alright ? stay ! tanaka frown as bower back away , gesture . bower reach the next intersection and look back . tanaka be go . he continue down the corridor as light flicker past . flicker thru : int . sleep chamber / control desk - later bang ! bang ! bang ! payton be coat with sweat , viciously pound on the lock door with a heavy pipe . it 's obviously have no effect and he collapse with exhaustion and frustration . ! payton GOD dammit ! he.lower he head and slowly ... the " sound " return . rattle .. scrape ... thump . ( continued ) 53. continued : like a drip faucet of annoyance , payton bitterly turn he flashlight quickly towards the corner . wield the heavy pipe , he cautiously approach . scrape ... rattle . payton ( cont 'd ) who' there !? scrape ... thump . payton ( cont 'd ) identify yourself ! his flashlight pan up the wall to the ventilation shaft . payton ( cont 'd ) dower ...? that can not be ... you - the sound remain muffle , deeper within the wall , possibly from inside the ventilation shaft . payton contemplate , eye panicked . he climb up the wall and wedge the panel cover over the shaft open , jam it close with a screwdriver . he back away , grip the weapon , ready for anything . he try to control he breathe as he sit ... watch ... and wait . trap . a blood droplet hit the floor by he foot and payton wipe blood off he nose with confusion and a nervous frown . dissolve thru black . int . rec room - later a pin-point of light appear at the end of a circular tunnel . slowly the light grow as bower approach and cautiously step through a doorway and into ... a rec room with several row of pool table , video game and a ran-sacke bar . the floor be heavily litter with break glass and bower wipe he finger across a wet surface on the bar , taste it with a eye brow raise . I bower ( to himself ) open bar . gotta be ... e- deck ? I he climb over the bar , check numerous cabinet only to find more break glass and emptied container . about to give up , he pop open the last cabinet and ... ( continued ) 54 . continued : pow ! a figure lunge out , a direct hit under he jaw send he backwards over a table . the figure jump on top of he , jabbing a blade toward he neck . he grab the wrist just as the tip begin to dig into he throat . bower ( cont 'd ) aaaaarrrrgf ! ! a quick struggle ensue and just as bower be about to be slice open ... crack ! the attacker be hit and send fly . tanaka have come to he rescue , twirling a pipe across he palm . the attacker roll to she foot to reveal ... nadia . she snatch a pool ball off the table and throw it directly into tanaka be chest . tanaka uuugh ! she roll across the floor , grab she knife and ... bower blind she with he flashlight , raise the gun with a quick whirl of the energy lever , laser sight flaring brightly . bower hold it ! bower duck as a break bottle whizhes past he face , smash against the wall . he raise the gun and ... ka-raaaack ! a deliberate warning shot go past nadia and hit the bar , shatter every piece of glass that 's near by and nadia and tanaka be both blow off they foot . bower ( cont 'd ) knock it off ! both of ya ! tanaka and nadia slowly recover , both quickly try to find they weapon on the floor . bower ( cont 'd ) listen ... nobody need to get hurt here . both of you just ... cool out . and stop throw that shit . her eye dart with uneasiness as she find she knife . bower ( cont 'd ) let 's all just ... go easy here . I understand it 's be every man for himself around here lately , but if we be go to get out of this - a little God damn solidarity would not hurt . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) bower ( cont 'd ) we can work together here . we all want the same thing ... right ? nadia remain poise , ready to fight , knife raise . sigh with defeat , bower gesture , hand raise as he motion for tanaka and they slowly back towards the door . bower ( cont 'd ) ( motion to tanaka ) thanks ... again . tanaka motion toward the emblem on he uniform and gesture to himself . bower ( cont 'd ) yeah , yeah . I get it . we can work together on this , right ? tanaka grin . bower ( cont 'd ) as long as we understand each other . they head out of the room as ... nadia watch from the shadow with a curious frown . CUT to : int . corridor - moment later bower and tanaka head down the corridor , both of they check they back as they come to a seal doorway . tanaka be still wince , rub he chest with pain . tanaka ( bitterly ) japanese - no subtitles bower yeah ... well no sympathy here . she leave I with a few sore spot too , pal . they both go to work , attempt to wedge the door open with pipe . bower look back to see ... nadia . they back pedal with weapon in hand and nadia be unaffected , watch they with a frown . bower ( cont 'd ) listen , lady . we do not want any - nadia ( soberly ) who the hell be you ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : bower huh ? nadia you be ... part of the flight crew ? bower yeah . I be ... a corporal , I be - nadia I do not think there be any flight crew leave . what 's happen to we ? bower that 's what I be try to figure out . malfunction of some sort - nadia gee , you think ? where be you go ? bower I be head for the reactor bay . nadia you just wake up ? bower just join the program already in progress , yeah . she eye he over and tanaka keep the pipe raise . nadia you will never make it . bower oh yeah ? and why be that ? nadia you be go the wrong direction . she grimace and turn , head back up the corridor . bower and tanaka exchange a look . bower chase after she . bower hey ? wait a second - hey ? nadir ssssh ! keep it down - bower hold on . who be you ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) nadia nobody . bower wait - can not join the team without a name . nadia team ? why would I want to join ? bower because I need you to show I the way . nadia to the reactor ? no thanks . do not like go that fax down . no one ever come back . she continue up the corridor and bower grab she arm . she yank away from he touch , squaring off , weapon in hand . bower hold on . please - there 's not much time leave before we lose everything onboard . you understand what I be try to - I nadia do you know where this ship be head ? bower I be work on it . nadia can you fly it ? bower huh ? nadia can you fly it ... if you have to ? bower ( not sure ) sure . nadia eye he over , size he up . nadir I will get you as close to it as I can . but , I will not wait for you . I bower nod with a frown and she head up the corridor . bower and tanaxa watch on . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 3 ) tanaka japanese - no subtitles . bower my thought exactly . CUT to : int . corridor atrium - later light flicker past as ... nadia lead they down a long corridor that widen into a atrium of shaft go into the darkness in every direction . the further they light pan across the shaft ... a strange assortment of odd color alga and moss be reveal grow up the wall of the shaft . tanaka keep a watchful eye as bower frown at the surroundings . bolter you know where you be go ? this do not ... " feel " right . ( no response ) how long have you be awake ? nadia do not know . there 's no way to tell time in here . two ... maybe three month . bower month !? his voice echoe across the cavernous atrium and she glare - nadia quiet ! you wanna get we kill !? bower ( whisper ) how could you have - you tell I people have be run around on board for several month !? nadia long . I be not the first one up . ( continued ) 59 . continued : high angle they flashlight beam continue across the enormous room like two small searchlight . she lead they down into a side shaft , they light fade from view . CUT to : int . bio - lab vault door entrance - later nadia stop at the foot of a large steel door , gesture for they to crouch in the shadow , watch the corridor . bower where be we go ? what be we do - nadia i shush ! we be wait . bower wait for what -? nadia quiet ! at the far end of the corridor , a faint bluish glow grow stronger . shadows be move , grow closer . bower shit - nadia gesture for they to stay put . tanaka want to leave , but bower grab he shoulder . they both grip weapon , glance to nadia as the hunter seem to be head they way . bower ( cont - D ) we can 't - nadia ssssht ! the hiss and cackle of the hunter grow closer and it seem they be shortly go to be cornere and do for until ... a shudder be feel , a flicker of light approach . she go to a control panel , hold down a switch and press she palm F across a scanner . as the power surge pass , the control panel activate , scan she hand and the steel door activate with a moan of hydraulics . bower notice she id tattoo ; bio - t&gt ;&gt;218&gt;&gt;076 . ( continued ) 60 . continued : the shudder pass , kill the power and the door stop ... open only a half foot . she squeeze through and bower and tanaka quickly follow . they help she push it shut , sealing the lock with a clank . CUT to : int . bio - lab vault - cont . nadia secure the lock on the door and jam a pipe in the handle , she own add insurance . bower who be they ? what the hell be that thing ? nadia ( shaking she head ) never quite feel like stick around to find out . running ... be always the best option . believe I . bower they be not - they can not be from this ship . they do not seem ... human . do you think something get on board or maybe I something ... he turn to follow she and pause to see ... the bio - vault . a large lab storage compartment that have be " live - in " for a long time . a bed have be create from assort chair cushion and there be a collection of scavenge item . nadia add to the item , dump the belonging of she bag onto the floor . bower be in awe as he approach a entire wall of glass test tube , a maze of micro-biological container , glimmer with condensation . bower ( cont - D ) what be ... all this ? nadia ecological development , embryonic Charter . livestock and wildlife be - population . the row of glass tube be label , range from mountain goat to octopi , everything a new world would need . ( continued ) 61 . continued : nadia check a few gauge on the wall of tube and make adjustment on the monitoring system . he sense she meticulous care for the material . bower you have be live in here ? you be ... protect it ? nadir it ' seem to be the only live thing leave on this ship worth protect . regardless of the situation , we still have a mission . we have only lose about thirty percent of the specimen , mostly reptilian class . never be big into snake anyway . bower do not share the attempt at humor , wander towards a darken digital screen on the wall , display a chart graph of the new planet , tanis . bower ( under he breath ) tanis . nadia ( off he look ) you could not remember ? bower no , I - I do not remember just how far away it be ... until now . this be a hundred and twenty - three year flight . nadia begin to gather a few item shove they into a bag . tanakka lean closer to the glass display with fascination , tapping the tube to see movement inside . bower ( cont 'd ) how could I have forget that ? nadia it come only in piece . even after a few month . I know everything about this vault and its system ... but I still can not remember where I grow up . or my brother 's name . only piece ... and the training come back first . for good reason , I guess . bower eye the darken computer terminal , portion of the console coat in alga . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) bower how could we have become like this ... in only eight year ? nadia ponder the think , rotate she jaw . she dig into she supplies and toss he a small block of orange material . bower ( cont 'd ) what be this ? nadia dehydrate meatloaf . House special . I save them for the weekend . bower sniff it with a sneer and try to break off a piece ... hard as a rock . nadia ( cont 'd ) do you know how long it would take to turn dehydrated meatloaf into that ? bower how long ? nadia I do not know , but it take more then a couple year to turn coal into fuck diamond . bower you think we have over sleep ? nadia this ship be build to outlast we child 's child ... and any engineer could tell ya the warranty be run out . I think we have be asleep longer then you may think . bower toss the orange brick . to tanaka and he sniff it with a grin , break off a piece . nadia finish gather tool and she sling the bag over she shoulder , " ready to go " . bower do you have a radio ? nadia ( shaking she head ) who the hell be there to call ? ( continued ) 63. continued : ( 3 ) bower I be not the only flight crew officer awake . we be not in this alone . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - later payton be asleep , seat on the floor , back to the wall . he be awoken by ... rattle ... thump , thump ! he instantly grip the pipe and turn on the flashlight . the " sound " be closer then ever before as something be hear crawl towards the panel in the ventilation shaft . angle on / close up a vent panel lightly rattle , the metal begin to bend . payton you want in ? come and get it you fu - the screwdriver snap and the panel hit the floor . payton raise the pipe , prepare to fight and ... a desperate gasp be hear from inside the shaft . gallo ( o.s. ) help ... I ! payton pause , angle the light inside to see ... gallo , a young flight officer , boyish innocence , short - cropped hair , heavily coat in sweat , desperation in he eye . his hair be dark brown , the only person without pure white hair . payton who the hell ... be you !? gallo be tightly wedge inside the shaft , squirming to crawl out , tremble with fear and exhaustion . gallo help I - I be part - of the flight crew ! I be - please - help I ! payton oddly hesitates ... before lowering the weapon . he dig into the shaft grab gallo be hand , pull he out . gallo collapse onto the floor , crumble into a fetal position , naked . his hand be lock in claw - like grip , tremble uncontrollably . his gasp be rapid and unsteady . ( continued ) 64 . continued : payton easy ... easy . you be all right . payton run to grab a towel and water . as he turn back he notice gallo' hip and leg be spray with dry blood . payton kneel over he and gallo spasm from he touch . gallo paaarrrgh ! payton easy ! I be here to help you ! payton lift the bottle to he lip , but the water run down he face , gallo be freeze in shock . payton ( cont 'd ) com'on . try to drink a little . here . gallo be unresponsive , wide eye lock in a trance . payton ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? huh ? can you hear I ? gallo ( mumbling ) gallo . payton what 's that ? gallo ...? payton frown , mumble the name with a hint of recognition . payton ( cont 'd ) corporal ... gallo ? gallo ( trembling ) yes , sir . payton where do you come from , gallo ? gallo the ... bridge . say the word seem to send he into a terrify trance . payton the bridge !? where be we ? what 's happen ? can you tell I - ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) the more payton inquiry , the more gallo begin to unravel , emotionally . his eye widen with terror , breath quicken . payton ( cont 'd ) corporal ? gasp , gasp , gasp ... payton ( cont 'd ) tell I ... what happen ? gallo be hyper-ventilate , eye wide with terror . a droplet of blood slowly build in he nostril , refuse to drip . a low whine be hear in he throat as ... light flicker past . flicker CUT to : int . ventilation shaft -- later a hatch be break open and bower be flashlight beam peer into a ventilation shaft . twenty foot inside the shaft the wall be collapse , block passage . nadia sigh with dread . nadia we can not get through this way . bower I would prefer to stay on foot . nadia it 's the safest way to travel . and there 's only one other way to get through that I know of . bower and what be that ? CUT to : int , personnel sleep chamber / MAIN corridor - later Light break through as we gang wedge open a door , all sneering in unison when hit by a odor . bower where be we ? nadia Main corridor . hyper-sleep chamber , personnel . keep you light down . ( continued ) I 66 . continued : she lead the way along the wall and into a compartment of unimaginable size , fifty foot high steel wall that channel through the room . the wall be line with hundred of sleep chamber , stack ten high on either side . they round a corner into the main atrium to see dishevel equipment and smashed control console , scar from battle . Old blood stain be wear deeply into the floor . bower Jesus ... as they venture deeper inside they see numerous sleep - chamber , open hatches and empty . the further they move along the wall , more and more empty pod , too many to count . bower ( cont 'd ) my god. they're ... empty . they be all - where the hell be everyone ? nadia keep quiet . I as the dozen and dozen of nameplate move past he flashlight , bower pause . bower wait a second . my wife - nadia keep move . bower no , wait . my wife could be in here . bower be focus completely shift , turn towards the pod , read name plate . nadia what do she do ? what 's she specialty ? bower she 's not part of the crew , but spouse be bring with . I remember there be - nadia then she 's not in here . this be development settler . Engineers . nadia quickly continue as bower try to keep up . bower do you know where the family member be - ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) nadia ( growl ) quiet ! they look to see tanaka have fall behind , crouch and peer off towards the dark . he 's poise like a dog on the prowl that 's catch a bad scent . they crouch and crawl to the adjacent corner . bower I do not see what he 's look at , do you ? nadia we have to keep move . we do not want to stay out in the open for too long . especially in here . bower ( to tanaka ) hey ...? let 's go ! distant thump be hear somewhere in the room and they tighten up with they weapon , eye scan . tanaka refuse to look away , poise like a hunter . nadia we can not stay herel nadia head across the main floor and bower try to wave he on , but tanaka be lock onto something , refuse to waver . bower let 's get out of here ! com 'on - the thump grow louder and tanaka head into the shadow . bower hesitates , turn to follow nadia through a barricade of dishevel equipment , leave tanaka behind . CUT to : int . processing dock - cont . bower emerge from the barricade into a processing center for load passenger , darken and in shamble . nadia be scan the corridor ahead , choose she path as bower rush to catch she . bower we can not just leave he . we have to wait - nadia then you wait ... and find you own way . ( continued ) 56 . continued : bower we can not split up the team , it 's all we've got - nadia I tell you I be not go to wait . I be not gonna get myself kill for - bower the guy save my life twice already . I be not gonna leave he - nadia what do you think he 's do in there !? bower how the hell should I know - nadia he 's hunt ! bag the next notch on he belt . you wait for he ! good luck . I nadia quickly head deeper into the room and down a darken and narrowing tunnel . bower hesitates with frustration . have to choose , he turn and chase after nadia . I they crawl through a maze of machinery and nadia be pace be difficult for bower to keep up . bower wait ! I be come - there 's a crunch under he foot . he lower he light , pick up a small white object . he bring it closer to the light to realize it 's ... a human finger bone . bower ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! nadia turn toward he to see ... reverse angle behind bower be a massive stack of human skeleton and carcass . they have just crawle into a pit of human remain . they both back away with horror only to see a mountain of carcass on both side . the only route be upward and they begin to crawl up the slope on they belly , over dead remain . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) bower ( cont 'd ) ( horrified ) my God ! wait - where be we go !? nadia suddenly grab he , a quick jerk to silence he . a shadow pass with a cackling hiss . they freeze , lay on top of the remain , the bone crinkling underneath they . the hiss grow stronger ... and they look up to see a silhouett hunter crouch over like a gargoyle on a rafter , leer in they direction . nadia ( whisper ) do not move . they try to remain motionless , but the slope of the remain i crinkle underneath they and the hill of remain begin to slide . the hiss grow stronger . they hold they position until ... a shudder approach with flickering light . the power surge be enough to ignite a small landslide underneath they . bower shit - nadia grab he arm as bone snap and they slide helplessly to the bottom within a landslide of bone and flesh . the finally slide to a stop at the bottom of the slope and bower quickly raise he weapon towards the rafter to see ... the hunter be go . nadia ( whisper ) where ... do it go -? he pan the light and ... roar ! the hunter lunge at they from five foot away . bower be struck with enough force to send he fly , crashing into a pile of bone . nadia spin around with a blade pipe in she hand ... but the hunter be already go . she spin back and ... thwap ! she 's hit from behind and send with break - neck force into the floor . the hunter pounce onto she back and a claw - like hand grab she hair ... tooth open towards she neck and ... pow ! bower charge into the hunter , tackle it and they spin into a brutal and distort fight , see under the flickering light . even though the hunter be a smaller one , of the pack , smaller then bower , its speed and strength be in - human . it grab bower by the head with a growl and ... ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 3 ) thwack ! tanaka lunge out of the shadow , deliver a blow with he blade pipe into the hunter be face . it 's a hit that would normally kill anything , nearly take its head off . the hunter stumble , stagger and ... hiiiisssssst ! it hit tanaka , send he airborne , nearly knock he out . under the flickering light , bower , nadia and tanaka all attack the lone hunter , take all three of they to bring it to the floor . they viciously pound it with pipe and blade until it finally stop flinching beneath they . its pale white skin seep a thick black color blood . the three of they back away , gasp and coat in its blood . bower ( gasping ) Jesus ... Christ - Jesus - its face be smashed beyond recognition , but its facial feature be horrifically distort , no sign of eye under the shred tissue . bower ( cont 'd ) what the ... what the hell be it !? the hunter flinch and we gang back pedal with fright . nadia continue back pedall , look towards the rafter to see ... heflin silhouett , leer towards they . nadia another one - bower quickly find he weapon on the floor and heflin slowly begin to tap he spear against the wall , echoing a continual clank through the hull . bower what be he ... do ? bower , nadia and tanaka quickly realize the effect as shadow begin to move .. , the room be fill with hunter , alert by the tapping of metal . nadia run. bower they're ... everywhere - nadia run ! ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 4 ) a low gargle hiss be hear from heflin be throat . nadia be already go . bower and tanaka chase after she as the wall come to life , hunter swarm onto they path like a pack of wild dog . before diving through the barricade , bower look back to see heflin and he pack have pause ... to eat the fall hunter . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / MAIN corridor - cont . it 's a panicked and mad dash through the dark as they crawl through the barricade and run back into the main corridor of sleep chamber . hunter can be hear close on they trail . they round a corner and nadia jump inside a empty sleep - chamber , frantically try to pull the hatch close . tanaka follow suite , jump inside another chamber and bower scramble , in search of a open door as footstep be hear quickly approach . in a frenzied panic , bower dive into the chamber with nadia , tug the hatch close . follow thru : int . sleep chamber - cont . bower and nadia be cheek to cheek in the cramped space , both gasp for breath and drip sweat with terror . through the porthole ... silhouett hunter move past with weapon in hand , search and destroy style . one hunter step up only a few foot from they porthole and they freeze , hold they breath . slowly the hunter continue past , the shadow slowly fade from sight . bower what the hell happen to they !? what the hell be that thing !? nadia shut-up ! they listen for a long moment ... hearing nothing as bower look at he hand , finger tip tremble . CUT to : 72 . int . sleeping chamber / MAIN corridor -- moment later the hatch door inch open and bower peek out . he and nadia crawl out quietly to see tanaka wait for they . tanaka japanese - no subtitles . bower I second that . let 's get the fuck out of here . which way do we come from ? nadia you want to go back ? bower no , I mean ... let 's just go ! nadia we should go back . find a different path . I do not think we can get through to the reactor bay from - bower you say there be no other path . nadia I be ready to explore other option - bower which way do they go -? nadia you really want to discuss it here !? a rumble be hear approach and they all crouch in unison . it 's a power surge that send flickering light across the massive corridor and a blinking light be activate on a nearby sleep -chamber . and then ... bang ! the hatch door be kicked from the inside , white gas erupting from the seam . we gang quickly crawl toward the shadow , crouching behind equipment to watch as ... another kick burst open the hatch and a big passenger crawl out , slamm onto the floor with a shiver of agony , gasp for breath , muscle twitching . big passenger aa. aaaa .rgh ! ( continued ) 73. continued : the big passenger try to get to he foot , gasp and heaving , mumble in Russian . bower try to stand but nadia pull he back . nadia what be you do -!? bower they will hear he - they will - we have get to help he - footstep thunder across the floor and ... whack ! the big passenger be struck by a single blow from heflin . the hunter have return in full force and they come out of the shadow from every direction , blade weapon spin . bower pull away from nadia be grip and prepare to intervene , but tanaka suddenly grab he , hold he back with force . with the big passenger wounded and moan on the floor , the hunter gather in a circle in ceremonial fashion , praying thanks for the feast the ship have present . they watch helplessly as the big passenger be then brutally attack and eat alive . weasel lead other hunter under the flicker light in a dement and twisted celebratory dance , a frenzy of pure evil . this attack be hear more then it be see , under flicker light , obscure view and most of the camera angle on bower and the group reaction . frozen in horror , bower be tug by tanaka , follow nadia to the corner where she 's lift a grate in the floor . they climb into a shaft under the floor and into the dark as ... the scream and hiss echo through the hull . fade thru black : int . sleep chamber / control desk - later payton be seat at the control desk , scrolling across radio frequency , talk softly into the boom mic . payton ( into radio ) bower ? do you copy ? you out there ? Dead static . he sigh and glance toward gallo , pass out on a nearby bunk . he hesitates , hold the pipe as a weapon , tucking it away and cautiously approach gallo for a closer inspection . ( continued ) 74 . continued : he feel he neck for a pulse . he notice the dry blood under he nose then gently pull aside the blanket to see gallo' identification tattoo , read ; flt&gt ; &gt;004&gt ;&gt ;012 . payton ( cont 'd ) ( frown to himself ) team four. Flight team ... four ? he glance up to see gallo be now awake , stare at he . gallo what be you do ? payton just ... check you . gallo narrow he eye , pull the blanket tighter . gallo for what ? payton to make sure you be ... alright . you ... pass out . you - gallo who the hell be you ? payton payton ... Lieutenant payton . gallo Lieutenant ? you be ... a lieutenant ? payton that 's right . you be team four ? you be suppose to be ... my predecessor . gallo deepen he frown , glance around with disorientation . payton ( cont 'd ) you say ... you come from the bridge ? gallo shift he eye back on he , a bad topic . gallo ( leery ) yeah . so ...? payton where be we ? I can not get guidance off this system and I have no idea where - ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) gallo I do not know . payton well , what do you see ? how do -- gallo listen , I be not a navigator . star all look alike . I do not know ! how the hell would I know !? sense gallo be about to break down again , payton try a calmer approach . payton easy . I just want to make sure ... gallo be hand be tremble , uncontrollably . payton ( cont 'd ) . you be okay - gallo tuck he shaking hand under the blanket , defensively . gallo I be fine . payton lower he stare , hesitate , glance across the dry blood still splatter across he leg . payton be this you blood ... corporal ? gallo some of it be ... sir . payton whose blood be it ? gallohold he stare , jaw muscle tightening . gallo they do not give I any choice . payton who do not ? gallo there be something wrong with they . payton i something be wrong with who ? ( continued ) ? 6. continued : ( 3 ) off he stare , he understand the implication . payton ( cont ' D ) you crew ? gallo it be ... pandorum . ( off he look ) of the worst sort . they be - I could not even - I have to defend myself . payton pandorum . both of they -? gallo you do not believe I ? payton ( unconvinced ) I believe you . payton go to a nearby compartment , pop open a first - Aid case ; inside be a pistol - grip syringe . he turn back and gallo square off , clench fist . gallo what be you do ? what be that ? payton it 's just a sedative . help you relax - gallo lift he fist with a threaten posture . gallo then you take it ... and relax . payton back off , set the syringe aside . payton take it easy . we be on the same team here . alright ? gallo ( flatly ) sure , Lieutenant . payton turn back to the control console and continue he search across the radio frequency . he discreetly pull the pipe weapon closer to he seat . gallo hold a hollow stare on the back of he head . I ( continued ) 77 - continued : ( 4 ) gallo ( cont 'd ) if you would have see they ... you would have do the same thing ... sir . light flicker past ... flicker CUT to : int . sub - level shaft - later a flicker of light pass to reveal ... bower crouch inside a three - foot high , narrow passageway , a crawl space beneath a steel grate floor . he follow the tunnel into a large silo line with octagonal filter . tanaka and nadia be both look for a way out , jabbing pipe into the grate overhead , unable to budge it . bower do not we come through here already ? nadia we gotta find a way out . bower out ? why do we come iii- ? nadia I be try to get we out of there alive - bower I think you know where you be go . nadia I be try to save we ass - bower could have mention that after the first mile . if I would have know we would be do lap down here - she angrily turn towards he , pipe in she hand . nadia I do not need to help you at all ! you and the Hong - Kong Express would still be play ding -dong -ditch on level eight if it be not for I ! they heighten confrontation be halt by ... tanaka hiiissst ! ( .and whisper japanese ) ( continued ) 78 . continued : they pause to hear ... classical music echoing from below . bower what the hell be that ? they climb down the shaft , jump from filter to filter . at one level they follow the sound into a shaft open and towards the soft , warm glow of yellow light . they reach a open hatch , peer inside to see ... Inside a empty storage tank , a comfortable live space have be create ; numerous chair surround a make- shift dinner table make from storage crate with hand - make candle and various food container . the tank appear empty . bower ( cont 'd ) what be this !? bower and tanaka begin to climb through and nadia hesitates with uncertainty . they crawl through the hatch ... follow thru : int . tank - cont . they climb into the empty tank , line with valve and filtration screen . the music be play from crackle speaker hide in the darken circular catwalk overhead . tanaka go straight for the food and as soon as nadia step through the hatch ... a wire snap ! lever clank and a mouse - trap have trigger ... slamming the hatch close . trapped ! they instantly turn back to the door , yanking and tug in a panic . bower pan he light towards the catwalk only to see a figure ( leland ) scamper through the shadow . another lever be turn and ... f00000 sh ! a stream of vapor shoot out of several vent along the wall . the colorless gas hit they and they instantly gag , choke for air . with the slant wall of the tank , there seem to be no escape , but tanaka run up the wall , diving and grab onto a pipe , climb upward toward the catwalk . the shadow figure ( leland ) quickly hobble to the railing . leland no , no , no . back in der ' big boy ! ( continued ) 79 . continued : leland use a spear to jab tanaka be hand . he lose he grip and tumble back to the bottom of the tank . bower pull nadir out of the way of the hatch . bower get back ! back ! bower whirl the magneto lever on the weapon and he raise the barrel towards the hatch , nearly point blank . ka-craaaack ! the energy blast from the weapon hit the hatch like a lighten bolt send a tremendous jolt through the entire tank . a spark ignite the chemical gas and there 's a burst of flammable gas that roll upward into the catwalk . leland be knock off he foot and he gasp with shock . leland whoa ... whoa ! what the hell be that !? leland be expose from he hide place , wave the smoke from he face , bewilder . he 's a older man who 's lose all vanity over survival . a thin -frame , spidery little man with assort clothing and a clutter of tool on he belt . leland ( cont 'd ) what do you do !? bower whirl the lever on the weapon and point it at he . bower shut off the gas ! leland where do you get that ? bower angle the barrel towards a vent blow out the chemical gas and leland jump with fright . leland ( cont 'd ) no -no ! ho -ho ! bower shut it off ! leland scamper across the catwalk and quickly lift lever and twist nozzle , shutting off the flow of chemical gas . his frown transform to a grin , raise a eye brow as he stare into the barrel of bower be weapon . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) leland Fancy look piece . look to trade ? CUT to : int . water processor - moment later clickity -clickity-clank ? leland crank a energy lever that ignites a string of auxiliary light around the tank , widen they view of the unusual live space . several crate and a assortment of mechanical junk and supplies . leland com 'in , com 'in ! make yerselve at home . just throw the coat on the bed and do not pet the rat , it 's not mine . just watch it for a friend . leland be excited to have guest as he run along the catwalk , lighting candle and sealing valve . they watch he with leery suspicion , weapon still in hand . bower you ... live here ? leland sublet . get a roomier flat in the bow for the off season , but from here , ya just can not beat the commute . he grin , expect a laugh , but do not get one . leland eye bower over , admire the uniform . leland ( cont 'd ) you really a flyer , or do ya grab that off the rack ? i do not think there be any crew leave . bower Left ? have you see any ? leland well , only the captain . informally , mind you . bower Captain ? where !? leland umm , up on B - deck . some on C . a few piece on the promenade and I think he nut be in the foose - ball game in the rec room . ( continued ) 81 . continued : he smile , revealing several miss tooth . no one laugh . leland ( cont 'd ) tough crowd . com 'in , com 'in . grab a bunk . Three singles or will a queen do ? leland laugh to himself , digging through supplies . bower scan the wall , see no way up to the catwalk . bower why do not you come on down so we can meet properly ? leland oh , no - no . no-can- do . I be real touchy to the dust bug and who know where yawl have be . no offense . there 's something funky go around . but do not let that spoil the party . here ... leland lower down a bin fill with assort food item , use a wire to drop it to they . tanaka sniff it with suspicion . I leland ( cont 'd ) it 's kosher . bower peek through one of the valve , turn to nadia . bower where do you think we be ? nadia I do not know . gotta be somewhere below b- deck . leland why , where you gotta be ? bower the reactor bay . know where it be ? leland reactor ? now why would you want to go down there ? ( grin ) you just wake up , do not cha ? CUT to : 82. int . water processor - later a small propane flame be light . leland hover over a make - shift stove , heating a can of water . he pour in some powder and stir it up with the meticulous nature of a chef prepare fine cuisine . leland it 's tough to properly season with a motor oil base . but if you use you imagination , kinda taste like ... ( sip ) herb and garlic dog shit . below the catwalk , tanaka have find a spot to rest , nadir be use water to clean a wound and bower be peer through a slit in a vent . bower how long have you be awake ? leland mmmm . lemme think . what 's today , Tuesday ? that would be about , mmm ... he count in he head and across he finger , carefully calculate , then a grin . leland ( cont 'd ) no idea . he turn back to he make - shift stove , chuckle to himself . leland ( cont -d ) I quit count after the band break up , ooooh twenty ... thirty year ago . bower and nadir exchange a look of uncertainty . the classical music begin to skip and without even look leland kick a piece of equipment , correct the music . leland ( cont -d ) then again , a hour in this place feel more like ... one - fifteen , one -twenty . know whatta I mean ? ha-hp_w ! ( soberly ) not name name but I be write a very strongly word letter to the airline . leland chuckle , nodd to tanaka . tanaka glare . ( continued ) 83. continued : leland ( cont -d ) but I just treat each day like it 's Christmas . festive and violent . let 's eat ; shall we ? who need a bib ? leland set several bowl of soup into the bin and lower it to they with the cable . t_anaka be the only one interested , sniff the soup with a glare . leland wink . bower take a seat , show exhaustion and defeat . bower that thing out there . could it have be something ... that crawle out of you lab ? something that - nadia no. that 's ... not possible . bower then something get on board . some kind of life form . something that - nadia or something that be already on board , with we in the hyper-bunk . bower what do that mean ? nadir it could have be the accelerator . bower what ? nadia it 's the only theory I can come up with . the synthetic enzyme in we feed tube . the accelerator that would help we body adjust and adapt to the environmental condition on tanis . from what I have see ... this thing have adapt ... to the ship instead . bower but , why would - you be say we will become like they ? why would they be affect like that and we be not - nadia I do not know . like I say , it 's the only theory I can think of - unless ... ( continued ) 85 . int . sleep chamber / control desk gallo' gaze be hollow and translucent as he stare through the glass porthole in the empty sleep chamber , he mind be deeply ponder . pupil dilate . angle on gallo be look at the empty sleep chamber while payton remain at the control console , determine not to give up on contact bower . gallo do you know the symptom of pandorum ? payton what ? gallo orbital dysfunctional syndrome . pandorum . ever witness the symptom of first-hand ? payton I have see it before . but nothing that - gallo it 's not something you can easily detect . start with a shiver . a itch . a slow boil ... and without be able to get off the ship ... there 's no shutting off the heat . it will boil over , no matter what you do . gallo be slowly pace the room and payton watch he with uneasiness out of the corner of he eye . gallo ( cont 'd ) you do not believe I . payton I do not say that - gallo how could they both have have it ? the odd be insurmountable . payton I be not about to question any of you action - ( continued ) 86 . I continued : gallo but , we all know pandorum be greatly affect by any substantial psychological it have a emotional trigger effect . payton ( off he look ) that 's what they say . gallo slowly rub he temple , with hesitation . gallo how do you think you would react ... if you know the truth ? payton the truth ... about what ? dissolve to : int . water processor - cont . leland flip on dim flood light , illuminate the upper wall of the tank where ... like ancient cave - drawing , a I story have be crudely sketch out along the wall of the tank . leland lurk through the shadow , tell the tale with a campfire , spook story , flare of dramatics . leland b0000 om ! oh , how the world cheer to the thunder of it 's mightiest creation . eylisium ! the heaven for heroes , to venture further and farther then any of man 's machine dare before it . bower and nadia watch intently as tanaka lazily sip the soup . the first image be off the ship 's launch and leland hobble across to the crudely sketch image of three figure , flight officer . leland ( cont 'd ) Three of we bravest ... atop the watch tower as we sleep . a slumber deeper then any have dare ... with only three little Indians leave to mind the store ... dissolve to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . gallo slowly unravel he own tale as payton watch on with suspicion and caution . ( continued ) 87 . continued : gallo we be only into we second term . all flight system nominal . I would pick up on symptom with my CO and 2nd Lieutenant . mild symptom . nothing I think would ... become a problem . until we get the transmission . payton what transmission ? gallo' eye be welling up , he lip begin to shiver . gallo the final transmission . the last message ... from home . dissolve to : int . water processor - cont . leland continue across he wall - drawing , the three pilot picture , receive a radio call . I leland .until the last cry from home . all of God 's creation ... end with mere word of encouragement . mother Earth 's last call . boop ! leave a message , momma . leland press a switch on a Jerry -rigged piece of equipment , a disc player ... speaker crackle with static . a voice play , heavily distort . recorder voice hoove arr awl dadz efft ah uz . bood uck , boogz guezz ... ab hoobz deeb . bower and nadia be now completely engross in the story , both get to they foot and walk closer to hear . tanaka be asleep . leland be thrilled by they attention , do a dance as he play the recording ... over and over . recorder voice ( cont 'd ) hoove err all wadz efft ah uz . good wuck , boogz guezz ... abb hoobz deeb ... bower what be that ... say ? leland crank a power lever , speed up the play back with eagerness , whisper along . the recording slowly grow less distort the more he crank the lever . ( continued ) 88. continued : recorder voice yoove be all watt efft of uz . good uck , gog besh ... ab gogz deez . you be all whadz leave of uz . gog besh ... and gog sbeeb ... God blezz ... and gogz speeb ... slowly leland be whisper and the recording come into unison , eerily echoing through the tank . leland &amp ; recorder you be all that 's leave of we . good luck , God bless ... and God 's speed . leland and the recorder echo throughout the tank as ... dissolve to : int . sleep chamber / control desk gallo match the echo with ... gallo you be that 's leave of we . good luck , God bless ... and God 's speed . E payton Earth ... be go ? gallo puff across he hand with twisted amusement . gallo wipe away . we run a full sweep off the grid and they be ... go . one day there , the next ... nothing . payton in one day ... it have to be nuclear or -? gallo whatever it be , they know it be come . wished we well . we be all that 's leave . payton sit back in shock , shaking he head in disbelief . payton oh my God ... gallo you can see why I be hesitant ... to tell even you . my fellow crew member do not take the news too well . I want to wake the primary crew ... but my 2nd lt be already over the edge . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . continued : gallo ( cont 'd ) ods come through with fly color . no logic , no reason leave . no future , no past , no hope . a dangerous mix when you be stick inside a tin can like this . the blow be more then he could handle . my lieutenant be not far behind . pandorum . dissolve to : int . water processor - cont . leland move past a wall - draw of Earth destroy , move to the image of the three pilot . leland Three little Indians , with the burden to bare ... no more law and nothing leave to care . Three poor soul , destiny undone . chop , chop , chop ... now there 's only one . the sketches reveal violence between the three pilot , two of they kill , one remain alive . I dissolve to : I int . sleep chamber / control desk gallo be hand be beginning to tremble as he struggle through the story . gallo they be my commanding officer . Men who have guide I through ft . I look up to this man . but ... it be not they anymore . they ... be go . they ... try to ... I have no choice . I - with he body beginning to tremble , payton try to console he , touch he arm . gallo flinch . payton easy ... dissolve to : int . water processor - cont . leland continue across the wall - drawing , show the one remain pilot all alone aboard the massive ship . leland one little indian leave ... all alone with he doom . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . continued : leland ( cont`d ) refused to go to bed , stay up to play in he room . oh , and what naughty little game he would play with the slumbering prey . slayer , master , both God and the Devil , some would say . the boy would grow to manhood , a self - proclaim King , ruler of he vessel , home to he own sin . the sketches show the lone pilot torture and devour passenger from they sleep chamber as he grow old . leland ( cont -d ) and then one day the king cast out all that who have behave , exile into the barren cargo hold to fend for themselves ... scavenge against the other within they own domain . the sketches show torture victim force out into the corridor of the ship , the King return to he sleep chamber . leland ( cont`d ) King Lonely no longer want to play ... he yearn to see the morning Sun on a tanis day . he return to he bed of I slumber , wait for the day . but the survivor live on , as the King sleep , a whole new world of evil grow as we wept . the seed drive beyond - bower hold it ! hold it ! leland ( sober frown ) you want I to back up ? bower play that transmission again . I want - leland save yer question till the end please . we will have a review . leland continue he performance as nadia lean toward bower with concern . nadia could that be real ? you think that could - bower I dunno . it can not be - it just - ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) bower be quickly grow drowsy , slurring he word as he take a seat with exhaustion and disbelief . nadir rest she chin on she knee ... eye grow heavy as leland continue tell the tale , softly like a child 's bedtime story . leland take a peace of chalk - like material , draw a new sketch . leland and now the newest chapter come to we ... three weary traveler , guide by the light . the new brave flyer , wake by the die machine . he sketches bower and he journey towards the reactor . leland ( cont 'd ) a gallant knight who will wake the fiery beast , light the rocket torch that will sail we mighty ship to port ! a new king to deliver we to paradise ! hail to the new King ... hail ! leland look to see ... everyone be asleep . he adjust a nozzle that ... be pump a colorless gas out of the vent at the bottom of the tank . with a slow form grin , he blow out a nearby candle , take we into ... fade thru black : int . sleep chamber / control desk - later payton be eye scan across the dim flicker computer screen , a radar scan across a chart of planet ... with no Earth show on the screen . payton be silently in shock as ... gallo watch he closely from across the console . payton how could they ... how could they have let this happen ? payton slide he hand off the keyboard , he finger tip i nearly twitching , a uncontrolled tremble . he try to hide he hand , slide they under the console as ... gallo watch he blankly before wander away to let he sit alone with the horrific realization . payton shake he head , refuse to accept it . ( continued ) 92 . continued : a low shudder approach , more powerful then feel before , rattling the pipe as it pass with a flicker of light as ... flicker dissolve to : dream ( flashback ) evalon be smile towards bower as he kneel in front of she , grip she hand . as he speak , she smile fade , slowly pull she hand away and ... int . water processor -- cont . the powerful shudder be feel , amplify in the tank . nadia shake awake to see ... leland be kneel over she , eye wide with hunger , deliciously sniff she body . they both jump with fright and yell in unison . nadia &amp ; leland aaaaaeeih ! nadia jump to she foot , choke and gasp , jabbing she weapon toward leland , a small breathe tube clench in he tooth . bower and tana . ka be wake by they exchange , daze . bower what be you do !? what the - nadia he be - he be gonna fuck eat I ! leland ( mouthful of tube ) whaw !? I wadd not - nadia he gass we ! he be gonna - all of we ! leland be appal , spitting out the breathe tube . leland Gas ! what gas !? they see he 's hold a fork and knife that he quickly tuck behind he back . np. dia jab the weapon and he shriek . leland ( cont 'd ) never ! the shudder shake the tank with more force then ever before as they watch the ceiling . it 's follow by two quick surge , higher pitch . nadia look to bower . ( continued ) 93. continued : nadia what be that ? bower it 's go ... into the final cycle . nadia what do that mean ? bower it mean we have less time then I think . the last phase ... before shutdown . it mean we be ... do . bower be oddly defeat , take a seat , hang he head . nadia done !? what do you mean do ? what do we do ? hey !? bower what difference do it make ? nadia what be you talk about ? you say you could reset the reactor - that we could - that there 's a chance to - bower for what ? they be go . everything be go . there 's no Earth to go back to , there's no - nadia we be not mean to go back ! we be mean to go on . and now it 's more important then ever ! we be the last of - bower and what be leave of we ? what 's leave , worth save ? this flight 's over . nadia be angere by he defeat , shove leland aside and squaring off in front of bower . nadia what about you duty ? what about ... you wife !? there 's still a chance she 's - bower she 's dead . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) nadia you do not know that for sure ! bower I know ... nadia grab he with rage , glaring he in the eye . nadia don't do that ! don't give up on I ! off she look , bower hold he stare , slowly seduce by she will . they look be break by ... leland be stereo system crackle with static , power slowly return after the power surge , music play . bower snap out of he daze , turn to leland . bower you get a radio ? leland who the hell be you gonna call -? bower do you have a radio !? leland ( beat ) you promise to bring it back ? CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk the radio speaker on the control console suddenly crackle with static and payton leap forward in he chair , snap out of he daze . gallo look up with a frown . bower ( on radio ) payton ? do you copy ? can you hear I !? he grab the receiver . payton bower ! I be here ! where be you ? CUT to : 95 . int . water processor / catwalk - cont . we group be now crowded on the catwalk above the tank , huddle around a assortment of patch together electronic equipment . bower be speak into a receiver , bound together with wire while leland crank the power lever . bower storage tank , just below b-level . mid- ship sector twelve ... we think . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton vigorously crank the power lever and slide he finger across the screen of the ship 's blueprint . I payton how the hell do you get all the way to y the other side of - I bower ( on radio ) payton , listen to I . listen . the I reactor be in its final stage . its last rotation . it 's worse then we think . payton look to gallo , who be silently watch with a hollow glare from the corner . bower ( on radio ) ( cont`d ) the ship be die and I think that 's why it finally wake we up . the entire system be head into permanent shutdown and there will be no return . this entire ship will float off into eternity with no way of stop it . we need to reset it . be you hearing I ? payton and gallo share a silent stare . payton I hear you . how do we get you in there ? I bower I need you to give I a path . payton and gallo' silent stare hang in the air for a moment , the tension between they unclear . payton turn to the console , quickly type into the keyboard . CUT to : 96 . int . ladder shaft / corridor - later a flashlight beam cut into a shaft . it appear as if the gang be crawl backwards toward we , until we perspective realize they be crawl down a long ladder . they reach the bottom level where a distant rumble have grow louder . they follow the sound through a field of debris to a clear path lead to a open hatchway . bower check the marker over the door and lead they down the corridor , prepare to step through and tanaka grab he , pull he back . bower what ? tanaka motion toward the hatchway , shaking he head . he i gesture for they to follow and lead they over debris and through a hole , hide in the panele . tanaka ( japanese - no subtitles ) leland what do he say ? bower I dunno . but do what he say . they follow tanaka , crawl through the hole and into ... CUT to : int . loading platform as they head across a load dock , the room gradually grow more disturb and dishevel . Battle scar and century of wear and tear grow more and more evident as they cross . the blue glow of light can be see through the passageway and a low rumble grow louder as they approach . they crouch behind a large industrial condenser to catch they breath . I bower glance up to the surface of the condenser with a frown and he touch it with he finger to find a odd - color alga . he look up to see it 's grow all the way to ... be freeze to see a small shadow figure in the rafter above they , a smaller gargoyle - type silhouette , possibly some type of guard outside the entrance to the reactor bay . ( continued ) 97 . continued : they exchange silent gesture and tanaka head one direction as bower head the other ... to corner it . the figure begin to move across the rafter as tanaka flush it out . the figure be force to climb down , hopping to the floor , bower wait with he gun raise . out of the shadow step ... a ten -year - old child hunter . bower flinch with shock . the child be a young version of the hunter , awkward physique , pale skin coat with hydraulic fluid , oblong shape head , eye hide in shadow . nadir lower she weapon . nadia ( devastate ) oh ... my ... God ... the child suddenly crouch in a fight stance with a i gargle hiss from its throat , the light catch its eye to reveal white retinas deeply hide under a thin membrane of I skin . everyone be too stunne to react except for tanaka , who instantly raise he weapon , prepare to kill it . nadia ( cont - D ) stop it ! stop it ! be you crazy ? it 's just a child ! bower child ! ? that 's no child ! what the hell be it !? tanaka lunge , but nadia block he attack . the child hunter erupt with a horrific screech , hissing at they before turn and leaping back up and over the rafter , disappear into the shadow . they be speechless . leland not as cute when they be little , be they ? tanaka run after it . it take a moment for the rest to react , chase after . CUT to : int . corridor / neighboring compartment they run down the corridor and into the neighbor compartment , stack with break and discard equipment . ( continued ) 98 . continued : the child run up a wall of tub and duck through a small hole puncture in the vent . tanaka sigh with defeat . nadia my god. they're ... breeding . bower what !? what do you mean they ? how could they - that 's impossible . it appear the child have alert he group as the bluish glow of flame can be see grow stronger in the corridor , the sound of cackle and hiss approach . leland Little bastard ring the bell . they all quickly turn back , run down a side corridor and into ... follow thru : int . sleep chamber compartment - cont . they crouch and hide inside a smaller compartment as ... the bluish glow pass outside the doorway . the child appear to be lead the group , silhouettes pass , more hunter then they have ever see together before . they silently share the horror of the possible number they be up against . leland this be not go to work . too many of they . have to turn back . nadia there 's no where to turn back to . we can not give up - leland told you this would not fly . nadia you do not tell we anything . you never say that . you say you would love to come - leland ( pondering ) oh ... then I forget . this will not work . bower why not ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : leland this be where they live . reactor be the keeper 's temple . they watch and wait as the shadow move past the doorway with the glow of bluish torch and vocal cackle . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton be pull wire out from under the console and go to the seal door where he 's pull apart the control panel , prepare for a hot-wire . gallo watch he while slowly pace the room . gallo what be you do ? payton I think the direct channel be fry . I be gonna run a patch so we can get this door open as soon as we be back on -line . I gallo what 's so important on the other side of the door ? payton the bridge . as soon as we be up we will be able to take control of guidance . but only from on the bridge . gallo continue pace , throw glance toward the empty sleep chamber . gallo this ship be not die . payton refuse to look to gallo , continue he work . gallo ( cont 'd ) it 's already dead . you really believe that kid will be able to save this ship ? payton he can do it . gallo twelve hour ago , he do not know he own name . now , you think he 's ready to be - configure a nuclear reactor ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : payton refuse to give he eye contact , continue to work on the computer as g_allo pace back and forth in front of the sleep chamber , finger rapidly twitching at he side . payton he 's the only shot we have . gotta have a little faith . gallo faith ? after what you know now , you can actually say that with a straight face ? a little faith ? thap . a droplet of blood hit the floor at gallo be foot . CUT to : int . sleep chamber compartment - cont . I the glow of the hunter slowly begin to fade from sight as bower notice what he 's hide behind be a empty sleep chamber , coat with dry blood and sign of violence . he look to the label name plate with a frown and wander deeper into the room . nadia follow he with a frown as leland and tanaka remain poise with weapon near the doorway . bower be walk slow as he move past row of sleep chamber , nearly all of they have be open and sign of violent death leave dry and splatter across the floor . nadia what be you do ? what be it ? bower ( day ) this be ... family member of flight personnel . nadia family of - she notice bower be hold evalon be photo and glance to the row of empty chamber , slowly realize he grief . nadia ( cont 'd ) you think she 's ... here ? bower she 's not here . she 's dead . ( continued ) 101 . continued : nadia how do you know for sure ? she could be - bower she 's not on this flight . she would not come with I . she would not marry I . ( sigh of disgust ) that 's why I come . there be nothing leave for I there . she stay on Earth . go ... with everyone else . and I leave because of she . his gaze begin to gloss over , take it all in . nadia well , then ... she save you life . bower frown on the think , slowly nodd in agreement . his eye look to the label of the chamber he be lead to , the label read ; M. payton . he mumble to himself , memory return . bower Marianne . nadia you ... know she ? bower I remember she . payton 's wife . nadia who 's ... payton ? bower I remember she . I remember - his eye pull focus , come out of he daze , memory return with confusion . nadir be you alright ? bower com'on . 1 bower grip he weapon with a flex jaw of determination , head back to where tanaka and leland be wait as we ... ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on M. pp_yton be name plate and the dry remain of she apparent death lay in the foreground . dissolve to : int . sleep chambericontrol desk thap ... thap ... thap . droplet of blood hit the floor at gallo' foot as he pace back and forth near the sleep chamber . gallo he 's right about one thing . once that thing shut down , we be as good as dead . nothing on this ship will ever turn on again . ever . not the air , not the light , the heat ... not even the pod 's escape launch system . payton refuse to look up from the computer . 3 payton what be you say ? gallo I 'muqksay ... once it 's do . we be do . but , we still have a way out of this ... before it 's too late . payton what be you suggest , corporal ? gallo we can still launch ourselves in the pod . before the ignition system be completely dead , sir . payton launch ourselves ... into deep space when we do not even know where we be ? we would not last more then a few day inside that thing . that 's suicide - gallo a few day be better then what we have leave here . I will take my chance . how long do you think that reactor have be sit ? that thing could melt - down when he try to fire the core . this ship could be rip in half - ( continued ) 103 . continued : payton stand down , corporal . we be not go to abandon anything and we be not go to leave they behind - gallo we can not stay on this ship . you know that as well as I do - payton I say stand down , corporal ! that 's a order ! gallo step up behind payton , he face reveal with a thin stream of blood ooze from under he nose , drip off he chin , eye hollow and pale . payton refuse to look at he , continue to type . CUT to : int . loading platform - cont . the hunting party have fade from sight in the opposite direction , leave the hatch open to the reactor bay . bower this be we chance . bower lead the way out of the hide place , head quickly towards the open hatch where a eerie glow and rumble be feel . they crawl through the hatch and enter into ... follow thru : int . reactor BAY - cont . they crawl out onto the top of a massive cylinder shape shaft , numerous catwalk lining the wall with nothing but a abyss of darkness below they . a odor hit all of they in unison . bower this be it . we have get to get down there before they come back . bower look for a path downward along the tangle metal of catwalk , coat in alga . leland be fear have instantly surface , unable to move . leland I ( haunted ) I House of the keeper . a descent to Hell itself . we can not ... go in here . ( continued ) I 104 . I continued : bower ignore he plea , head down a ladder into the darkness , tanaka and nadia follow , push past he . leland ( cont 'd ) you be crazy ... you can not - nadla shut-up ! move ! leland stay behind , watch as they begin a perilous descent down the wall of the reactor bay wall . cling onto the pipe and railing of the catwalk , the odd - color alga grow more and more dense ... a dim glow slowly come into view from below . with a gap in the catwalk , bower leap across , nearly lose he grip . he look down to see a odd pattern of white shape near the bottom . squint into the darkness , he 's unable to make out what he 's look at and he manage to crawl down further , reach a gangplank that cross to the tower reactor . he motion for nadia and tanaka to stay put and begin crawl across ... towards a darken control panel . 1 leland be nervously watch from above , lean further over the railing and ... a pen-lamp slip free from he belt . the pen-lamp clanks off one of the catwalk and tumble past bower ... drop to the bottom ... hit the floor and illuminate the strange white object cover the floor as ... dozen of hunter , all sleep . they pale white body be intertwined and over - lap resembling a orgy of the live dead . bower christ almighty - the fall of the pen-lamp cause one hunter to instantly spring to its foot , lift its nose towards the air like a guard dog check the scent . bower remain freeze , grip the gangplank that hang twenty foot above the field of sleep hunter . I slowly the hunter return to sleep , slithering its way back into the fold of flesh and bower continue he crawl across ... reach the control panel . upon see the sleep hunter , leland fearfully back away , exite the room . nadia and tanaka grip the ladder , watch bower , hold they breath in fright . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) bower grab a vine , but it break away and he dangle over the side , lose he grip . nadia jump across the gap and climb down , extend she weapon for he to grab . together they cling to the side of the reactor and bower tap the control panel switch and ... nothing . his eye widen with horror , quickly search for a solution . he slowly pump a primer switch and ... the light panel flicker gently under century of dust and vegetation ... match CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk a light gently blink on the control console and payton spot it with a frown , run back from the door . payton he 's in ! that 's the reactor 's activator panel . we be go to make it out of I this . trust I . no response . gallo' shadow move behind he , he voice take on a slight raspier and " older " tone . I gallo trust you ? how can I trust someone who be not even honest with himself . tell I ? payton refuse to acknowledge he , continue to monitor the control panel . he discreetly slide he hand closer to the pipe weapon as he sense gallo' presence behind he . payton gallo ... you have to listen to I ... carefully . you do not have â ¢to - gallo step closer behind he , he shadow outline show a impose posture , he voice be force and unsteady . gallo do not do that . trap ... trap ... thap . blood drop hit the floor heavily . payton do not ... do what ? payton slide he hand further across the console , reach for the pipe weapon , eye on the screen . ( continued ) I ?06 . continued . gallo do not talk to I like some child that need reassurance . think I do not know the risk ? think I do not know this ship ? payton take it easy - gallo' presence be feel behind he , he voice seem to grow raspier and uneven with breath , anger simmer . gallo I know this ship and what she 's capable of better then anyone . I know she ... and I know what she can and can not do . payton easy ... gallo and this ... she can not do ! why be we even argue . you know it - payton I be give you a order ... gallo you wanna stay here to die , that 's you choice , not mine ! payton .to stand-down ... corporal . gallo not mine ! payton shove himself out of he chair , reach for the pipe weapon to find nothing ! he spin to see gallo hold the pipe and the pistol - grip syringe , glaring down at he . the heavy stream of blood be ooze from he nose and ear , insanity show in he hollow gaze . gallo ( cont`d ) who 's be irrational here , Lieutenant ? tell I ? who 's be delusional !? hmm ? payton raise he hand , calmly submit . payton think about what you be do ... ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) gallo I be get off this ship . my flight 's over . over ! another panel on the console begin to gently blink as ... CUT to : int . reactor control terminal - cont . bower and nadia cling to the side of the reactor , quietly flipping switch and enter code as ... the sea of hunter sleep below they . bower unfold the auxiliary power lever , each movement create a creak of rusted metal . he grip the handle and slowly begin to turn the magneto crank . the creak of rusted metal and the low whine of magneto grow louder . hunter begin to stir in they sleep as nadia watch they with fright . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control , desk gallo be jabbing the pistol - grip syringe towards payton , motion he closer to the sleep pod . he motion and payton kneel at the panel ... enter the code . payton this will not work ... gallo shut-up . gallo jab the syringe gun towards the back of payton be head while put one foot inside the pod . payton just think about what you be do - gallo shut -up ! payton continue enter the launch code as gallo step inside with he other foot . payton it be not the crew that be sick , be it ? gallo finish the code ... ( continued ) 108 . continued : payton what do you really do to they ...? gallo slide into the pod and ... gallo finish it ! payton hit a key and light blink . gallo look away for a second and payton suddenly grab the hatch lever ... slamming it close . he crank the latch , lock gallo inside . gallo ( cont - D ) what be you do !? payton wedge a pipe through the handle as gallo violently kick the hatch . payton for you own good - gallo what the fuck be you do !? payton you be not well , corporal . you just need the proper treatment - gallo let I out GOD dammit ! OPEN it !! that be a order mother fucker ! payton this be not you fault - gallo i'll fucking carve you up - hear I !? i'll gut you like a fucking - payton you mind ... have turn against itself . gallo explode with rage ... pounding on the hatch with a jack - hammer of fist , bone shatter in he own hand . payton ignore he scream , go back to the console and type I into the keyboard . gallo OPEN this hatch corporal ! E CUT to : I 109 . int . reactor control terminal bower crank the hand lever faster and faster , the moan of magneto grow louder and louder . he give one last spin and hit the primer switch . a split-second of nothing and then the panel brightly come to life . the digital panel read : &gt ; &gt ; rotation sequence &gt ; &gt ; code initiate to proceed &gt ; &gt ; bower take a sigh of relief and glance to see nadia be freeze with fright . he follow they eye-line to see the entire floor of hunter be awake , head turn towards they . heflin step closer in they direction with a hiss . bower gasp and the entire pack of hunter move toward they and ... suddenly , tanaka bang he blade weapon against the railing with a heavy clank ! the hunter instantly turn toward he direction and tanaka throw he weapon , hitting one of the hunter directly in the head . tanaka jump to the neighbor catwalk and break through a hatch , coat with vine and vegetation . heflin screech a command and the hunter ignite in a chain -reaction , grab they weapon and take chase like a swarm of attack dog . they climb the wall with inhuman speed and rush out the hatch , follow tanaka . nadia hurry ! go! bower turn back to the panel , flipping more switch and continue the process as the reactor begin to hum as ... CUT to : int . loading platform tanaka be run at full sprint , bound over dishevel equipment and weaving through debris as the pack of enraged hunter emerge from every direction to follow he path . one hunter gain quickly at a sprinter 's pace and tanaka run directly for the open hatchway . ( the hatchway they detour earlier . ) he dive through as the sprinting hunter be almost upon he . a booby - trap be sprung , hydraulic piston SNAP a razor- wire that " clothesline " the hunter , nearly rip he in half as tanaka hit the floor , roll to he foot and keep run . heflin and the hunter slash the tangle snare with they weapon , try to break through . CUT to : 110 . int . reactor BAY - cont . bower type quickly , flipping numerous switch and ... a shudder be feel , the tower begin to tremble with a low bass moan , like a engine try to turn over . bower com'on ... nadia look back to see there be still hunter in the reactor bay , one who do not join the chase , slowly come out of the shadow , crawl up the wall . nadia bower ...? bower I be go as fast as I can - nadia ( terrified ) bower - bower wait - he hit the final key as nadia grab he shoulder . he turn to see ... weasel and numerous hunter have they surround , wait to pounce . with nowhere to go , they be do for as weasel cackle a command , the hunter move in , just as ... shiiiissssh ! High pressure steam erupt from the reactor 's pressure relief valve . the hunter back pedal in fear as the ventilation system ignites ... fresh oxygen hit the blue torch ... bursting into brilliant orange fireballs .. the hunter be scatter in a panic as the bright flame be blind and a tremendous shudder travel through the ship like a earthquake ... match CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . the shudder hit the control desk , rattling the monitor and 1 warning light and buizer ignite as the ship feel full power after century of lay dormant . I gallo slow he pounding , blood coating he fist . payton I my God ... he do it ! he do it . ( continued ) continued : the screen flicker brightly , all of the system engage . gallo be shocked , press he face against the glass , peer across the computer terminal that be ignite . gallo let I out . I can ... help . payton ignore he , type rapidly into the keyboard . gallo ( cont 'd ) I will help you ! please - I can help ! payton run over to the security door and hit a switch on the sensor . the door do not react . gallo ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? you can not - you be try to get on the bridge ? payton run back to the console , type into the terminal . gallo ( cont 'd ) you do not want to go in there , corporal . payton throw he a glare , continue to type in command as the room erupt with activity . gallo ( contt ' D ) what be you go to tell they ? huh ? how be you go to explain that ? payton shut -up . gallo ( devilish grin ) they will know what you do . payton shut -up ! CUT to : tnt . reactor BAY - cont . other hunter have retreat away from the reactor , cower in fear with the exception of weasel , enraged by the temple 's disturbance . he hiss as he lunge for bower . try to duck , they slam into the reactor wall and crash to the catwalk below . ( continued ) 112 . continued : weasel have incredibly quick reflex as he spring back to he foot just as bower charge into he , slamm into a wall of burn alga . the fire quickly spread across weasel be skin , ignite the oil that 's be rubbed across he body . with weasel screeching wildly and engulf in flame , bower viciously continue pummel he , throw a rage of blow until the body stop twitching . the flame begin to catch on bower be arm and nadia pull he back . they look to see most of the hunter flee the room , but other have grab weapon . bower grab she arm , pull she towards the hatch . CUT to : int . loading dock - cont . as bower and nadia run , the ship come to life all around they , every light flashing and every mechanism engaging at full power . a startling contrast of blind white wall and glow floor as they run down the corridor . CUT to : int . corridor atrium - cont . steam erupt from pipe and light blindly flicker as hunter scatter and run off in separate direction . slowly , tanaka emerge from a hide place , drop down from the rafter overhead . with a grin he turn to head back the other direction to see ... heflin wait for he . they stare one another down , both raise they blade weapon as light shatter and implode around they from they own intensity . heflin lunge with a hiss and blade clash ! CUT to : int . sleep chamber / control desk payton rapidly pound he finger into the keyboard and ... light activate ... cause one of the security door to engage ... slide open . but , it 's the wrong door , revealing a corridor lead endlessly into the back of the ship . I payton dammit - ( continued ) 113 . continued : gallo where do you think you be go ? payton quiet - payton continue to work the control panel , look to the seal door on the other end of the room . gallo think about what you be do , sir - payton shut - up - gallo push he knee against the hatch , the pipe beginning to bend , the seal cracking open . gallo you do not want to see what 's in there - payton shut - up ; CUT to : int . sleep cramber /main corridor the control panel on a sleep - chamber be flashing as a passenger kick he hatch open from the inside . the haggard and bewilder passenger crawl out to find himself in the middle of chaos . before he can get a breath he 's attack by hunter . what be once a dark and haunt chamber of metal , be now a disco tech from hell as light flash across the corridor in what appear to be a massive riot , passengers and hunter fight . angle on / crane up bower and nadia run across the top of the sleep chamber wall , thirty foot above the havoc that 's ensue below . a light bulb burst as ... match CUT to : int_ atrium - cont . Metal blade spark as they connect between heflin and tanaka . the sword play be crude , but powerful and brutal . heflin can not match he skill and pile-drive he , rip into he with he own bare hand and a horrific screech . ( continued ) 114 . continued : tanaka try to grab a hold of he , but heflin dig in with he tooth , bite into he stomach . tanaka scream , hit heflin be head with everything he 's get , but he will not let go . tanaka lift heflin be foot and roar as he charge himself directly into the wall , neck bone snapping ! heflin go limp , drop to the floor dead as tanaka gasp ... look down to see the damage have be do , blood flow heavily . he take a breath , turn to exit freezing to see ... the child hunter stand alone , sense the death of heflin with almost a expression of sorrow . tanaka lower he weapon and ... thwack ! the child stab tanaka in the chest with a small blade weapon . tanaka gasp with shock , collapse to he knee , eye wide before go to the floor . the child begin to feed . CUT to : int . sleep chamber / MAIN corridor bower and nadia climb to a cat - walk only to see hunter be follow they trail . they run to a ladder and spot leland already climb above they . bower go ... go ! go ! half way up , leland look back to see they come with hunter close behind . he give they a look before close the hatch and latching it . nadia you snake bastard - OPEN it ! CUT to : int . corridor - cont . with the yell muffle under the hatch , leland run towards a open door at the far end of the long corridor . angle on Inside the door at the far end ... payton be at the control console , quickly type into the keyboard . he hear the E hatch crack open and he spin to see gallo , out of the pod , with a twisted grin , hold the pistol - grip syringe . gallo we both know who need this shot ... ( continued ) 115 . continued : payton counter with the blade weapon . payton stay back - gallo who 's the one suffer ... sir - payton I mean it ! payton lunge with the weapon , rage in he eye as ... gallo jab with the pistol - syringe , they lock hand , grab one another wrist ... slamm into the wall . upon impact with the wall , gallo suddenly appear slightly older , he voice lowering in level . gallo corporal ... payton slam he against the wall , make he older . payton ( rage simmering ) stop it ! payton slam he again , a flash that reveal gallo have age almost match payton , they voice sounding the same ... gallo you mind ... have turn against itself , corporal - payton I will fucking carve you up ! within the struggle , hand grab at weapon , a wrist be twisted ... lining up both of they identification tattoo to be identical ... flt&gt ;&gt;004&gt;&gt;012&gt;&gt ;. the syringe be stab into skin . the trigger fire liquid , inject the chemical into someone 's arm as they voice converge , over - lap at first and become one voice ... gallo &amp ; payton it 's for the best ... corporal . I angle on leland run up the corridor , through the door and into the room , gasp for breath , pause to see ... ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) payton be alone . he 's just injected the syringe into he own wrist . he 's the only person in the room . heavy blood stream be run from he nose and ear . y77e will now refer to payton by he real name , gallo . leland and gallo exchange a look ... gallo seem to snap out of he trance . leland approach , wheeze for air . leland we make it ! we - I be with you boy . I be the one help with - gallo suddenly slashes he throat ! leland reel back in shock , throttling he own neck in horror , blood gush . gallo casually turn back to the console , continue to type as leland try to cry out , he voice gargle with blood as he stagger , collapse to the floor . gallo hit a key and light ignite , the last door finally engage . gallo sigh with relief as the door slide open revealing a corridor of stair lead to the bridge . a warm and gentle smile widen on he face . I payton Captain on the bridge . he head toward the bridge , while flipping another switch that ignites the opposite door just as ... angle on bower and nadia angrily burst through the hatch in the floor , jam it behind they and run up the corridor . they see the door slide shut . bower that 's it ! go ! go for it ! with hunter hot on they trail ... they run full sprint towards the slide door . hunter lunge out of side corridor with screeching hiss as bower and nadia dive through the slide door ... one hunter be crush by the doors. , split nearly in half with a heavy thud of steel and a moan of hydraulics . the hunter spasm wildly , kick and claw as bower and nadia back pedal into the room . hunter gather at the gap , stabbing weapon between the door , try to crawl through with screech and hiss of rage . ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 3 ) bower and nadia back further away , turn to see the room . the original room that bower wake up in now look quite different with all the system engage , blinding light come from the monitor and computer terminal . they move through the room , pass the empty sleep chamber and the control console , see the entire pathway of drip blood across the floor . nadia where 's ... you lieutenant ? bower he 's not my lieutenant . she frown off he look and turn to see ... leland on the floor in a pool of blood , throat slashed , dead . bower pull the gun and head into the open doorway lead towards the bridge as nadia follow behind . follow thru : int . command bridge - cont . a tunnele stairwell widen out into the main flight bridge . a stun sight , a split - level glass control deck , row of blink control panel and flight chair . it appear undisturbed , a thin layer of silt float out from under they footstep . bower lead the way , pan the weapon throughout the room with no sign of gallo . on the far wall ; cockpit window coat with a black fungus that obscure the view , but hint to the illusion of outer space , a haze of cosmic dust without star . nadia ( in awe ) what 's happen ... to we ? where be we ? bower go to the nearest control console , tapping the keyboard . the computer instantly respond , data scrolling across the screen . bower Flight log . it will tell we how long we have I be out ... and how far we have go . bower type in a command and the computer begin to scroll through the flight computer 's time - code . start with the launch date and time the number begin to roll faster and faster . blip ... blip ... blip . ( continued ) 118 . continued : nadia walk towards the window and suddenly jump back with fright to realize one of the flight control chair have a figure sit in it . gallo , motionless and gaze toward the window . off she gasp , bower grab he gun and approach as the computer time - code continue to roll even faster with no sign of slow ... month become year . bower approach from behind gallo ... he identification tatto now clearly visible ... flt&gt ; &gt;004&gt;&gt;012&gt;&gt ;. he crank the lever on the gun with a whine of magneto and the laser sight flare brightly onto gallo be back . bower ( cont 'd ) seem my little memory lapse have finally wear off ... " Lieutenant " . bower slowly approach , move closer to he profile , the stream of blood from gallo' ear show run down he neck . gallo ( dryly ) mine too . bower who the hell be you ? gallo keep he gaze towards the window , emotionless . bower ( cont 'd ) you be team four . why would you ... switch bunk ? pretend to be someone else ? what would you be want to hide ? who the hell be you ? gallo I be young then you when I first come on board . funny , I can not even remember what it be like ... before this flight begin . it 's all I know . bower you be the one ... who first receive the final transmission . who refuse to go back to sleep . you stay awake ... for all that year . what be you do ... what crime be you hide from when you take payton 's bunk ? the time - code display roll faster , year roll into decade ... blip , blip , blip . ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 2 ) gallo ( impressed ) how the hell would you know all that ? bower be it true ? what have you do to we ? where be we now ? gallo lazily nod towards the window . gallo go ahead . take a peek . you tell I . bower hesitates , look toward the darken window . he stay with the weapon on gallo as nadia wander toward the front control console , towards the glass . with the light fade on the weapon , bower give the lever a quick whirl , motion the barrel closer . gallo ( cont ' D ) what be . you gonna do , bower ? there 's no one leave to hand out merit badge . no one leave at all . bower and that make it okay ? to play God ? gallo you think God survive ? he 's go ... with the rest . there 's no one leave to judge you , bower . nadia approach the glass , squinting towards the heavily smudge glass . she frown , try to wipe away the layer of sludge . bower judgement will come for you . you think you could cover it ? you victim survive . evolved . that 's you creation out there . you crime . bower jab the gun into he back with force . bower ( cont 'd ) and you think you would be able to hide it ? who would ever suspect that ? who would ever remember ? I remember . nadia rub the glass with she hand , squinting into the darkness . the time - code display roll faster , decade into century ... blip , blip , blip . ( continued ) 120 . continued : ( 3 ) gallo no world leave . no law . no order . only we . you the law now ? you gonna be the one that bring order to what 's leave ? wanna take a shot at it ? I do my best with what I be give . wanna be King for a day ? give it a whirl , corporal . I would like to see how you fare . with the laser sight fade on the weapon , bower quickly crank the power lever , keep the gun raise - a slow grin spread across gallo' face as he finally look to he , revealing the thick stream of blood that have drip from he nose , coating he chin and neck . gallo ( cont`d ) try to imagine it . imagine ... yourself for five minute without morality . I will bet you would surprise even yourself , kid - bower shut-up . ( to nadia ) what 's out there ? nadia shake she head , rub away the sludge from the glass , squinting harder . gallo imagine ... we both . what 's leave to stop you ? I offer you the kingdom and you - bower shut - up - gallo there 's still quite a few sleep beauty down there ... a thousand flavor . you up for a little window shopping ? bower shut-up ! gallo ( lick he lip ) I wanna see it . I will bet you would be a reeeeal TIGER - bower suddenly shove he out of the chair , slamm he to the floor , jabbing the barrel into the back of he neck . ( continued ) 121 . continued : ( 4 ) bower there will be law ... in whatever world we create . and you will pay for what you have do . believe I . gallo chuckle with he face press to the floor . gallo a real boy scout , be that it , kiddo ? bower hear I asshole ?! nadia suddenly gasp ... flinching away from the cockpit window , have just see what 's outside . her expression be ghostly as she back pedal . bower ( cont 'd ) what be it ? gallo look up with a blood -soak grin . bower ( cont 'd ) what do you see !? I gallo you ready for the new world , corporal ? bower keep the gun on he as he go to the window . nadia have a ghostly expression , unable to speak . bower lean toward the glass , squinting into the darkness and ... swish ! a object move past the outside of the glass . he lean closer , squinting to see ... a school of alien fish dart past . the shin be underwater . bower stagger in shock , back pedall as gallo continue to chuckle . bower ( disbelief ) we have ... we have already crash . we have already ... we be ... the time - code display roll century past , more then a thousand year account for as it finally slow to a stop . blip ... blip ... blip . bower ( cont 'd ) we have be ... down here ... all this time !? all this ... time - ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 5 ) bower stagger against the console in shock , . the weapon lowering to he side . gallo I guess this thing do land itself . just do not float too well . bower lunge towards he and gallo be ready for this one , quickly counter he move and slamming bower into the console . he unleash a vicious blow into bower be throat . bower collapse , choke for air and gallo kick the gun away . he kneel over bower , slowly pull out a blade . g_allo ( cont 'd ) and you think you could be King !? he slide the blade under bower be neck and ... there 's a whirl of magneto . he look up to see nadia cranking the lever on the energy gun . she try to turn the gun towards he and ... I gallo lunge toward she just as she 's able to FIRE ! the bla .. ST of energy go into the console with a crack of 1 thunder , knock everyone off they foot . shatter glass and metal hit the cockpit window like a spray of shrapnel ... close up .send a thin crack across the surface of the glass . she struggle to crank the lever again as gallo charge , hit the gun away . he slam she over the console . gallo ( cont 'd ) my apology . lady first ... of course . angle on / close up the crack on the window begin to spiderweb across ... angle on gallo grab she hair to expose she neck and angle the blade upward , force she to take a gasp as ... bosssh ! Water explode through the window , hit the room like a hundred fire hose . gallo be hit directly and throw across the room as nadia and bower be engulf by the blast of black water , send tumble . CUT to : 123. int . sleep chamber / control desk - cont . the tremendous roar of rush water roll they down the stairwell and into the sleep chamber compartment in a raging torrent , a tidal wave slam into the wall . bower grab onto nadia and they claw themselves along the wall as computer terminal spark and light go black . he pull she to a sleep - chamber and he jump inside the open hatch , pull she with . nadia no !? be you crazy - bower get in ! he pull she inside and turn to the control panel . he hit the keypad to read : &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; detachment initiated &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; bower struggle to close the hatch as water rush in , slamming it shut on top of they . gallo struggle to keep he head above water as the fast move current slam he into the edge of the doorway . his I finger claw at the manual lever for the door , tug and tug with no effect as the water rise above he head . CUT to : int . sleep chamber bower and nadia be squeeze together inside the pod as water quickly rise above the porthole . nadia ( gasping ) not like this ! I can not - like this ! bower hold on ! under the roar of the rush water , hydraulics ignite . micro-jets FIRE and whoosh ! the pod launch , shoot down a tunnel until they be hit with a tremendous jolt . they be send spin into a wild tumble as bubbles and gas erupt across the outer surface . bower and nadia slam into one another as the chamber turn end over end . its roll seem to slow for a brief moment and bower squint toward the porthole to see ... ( continued ) 124 . continued : Pov they be pull away from the side of the ship . the exterior hull of the massive space ship slide past at a high rate of speed with a swirl of ocean water and bubbles . bam ! the pod slam into something as SPARKS fly and seal be rupture as water spray in with a blind blast . the chamber be send into another violent roll as nadia and bower tumble head over foot , as if catch within a wash machine . the chamber finally steady as water wash across the control panel , one last burst of spark knock out the light , take they into black . only they gasp be hear as they squirm towards the upper corner ... only a foot of air remain . he grab the mask connect to tube in the side and pull the strap over she head . nadia I what be you do !? bower 1 put it on ! nadia no ! I can not - not like this ! I be not go to wake up and drown - bower put it on ! he pull it over she face as the water rise with only several inch of air inside the chamber . bower gasp desperately into the corner . nadia gasp the air through the mask , make she eye-lid droop , slowly go unconscious . bower gasp one last breath and the water rise over he head . bower watch she body go limp and squirm for air as ... a warm glow of white light grow brighter through the porthole . as sunlight dance through the porthole , he kick at the hatch and ... CUT to : 125 . ext . ocean surface - day bower kick open the hatch , gasp for breath . a gentle breeze ripple across the water with a sunlight flicker across the surface of a ocean . he pull nadia out of the chamber , rip the mask off she face . her eye-lid slowly begin to flicker back to consciousness . bower hey ...? hey ? she choke on the air and struggle to orientate herself , look up to see he gaze down at she , coat with bright sunlight . nadia ( gasping ) where be we ? what happen ? bower ( grin ) it 's all right . it 's safe to wake up this time . I with eye of disbelief , they turn to see ... wide angle they sit on the edge of the sleep chamber as it lightly bob within the ocean wave . they be just off shore from a stretch of mountainous tropical island with wave crash against the beach . the unusual shape of the island and they geography be nothing like we have ever see on Earth . several moon dot the sky and the sun be rise with a brilliant glow on the horizon . fade to black : int . command deck pitch black . a low churning be hear , a motor that be pump as the water lower , allow we to see across the dishevel command platform , the wall drip with water . the water be be drain through the grate in the floor as unseen bilge pump be hear loudly whirling . the pump motor whine down and shut off as ... control console a hand flip off the switch for the ventilation duct . it 's gallo ... ( continued ) 126 . continued : stand at the console , have change clothes and recover from the ordeal . he examine the empty tank where bower be sleep chamber once sit . he eye the other sleep - chamber , deeply contemplate . he go back to the control console , scan across the numerous surveillance monitor that reveal ... passengers and hunter engage in a variety of activity all across the ship . some be see fight , some search for food , some search for a way out , some alone weep . a kingdom , for the take . he pull out a coffee packet and slowly begin mixing himself a cup , deeply contemplate as he look across the screen . he glance over to see ... young gallo , the young version of himself , who be seat nearby , watch with a grin . the blood be go from he face , appear clean - cut , clean uniform . young gallo well , if you be gonna be captain ... what be we gonna do now ? off he look ... CUT to : int . sleep chamber compartment - later shush ... thud . Doors open to another sleep chamber compartment , completely undisturbed . four undisturbed sleep - chamber be line against the wall . gallo enter , now wear the captain be uniform , he straighten he collar and kneel next to one of the pod , type into the panel . a grin appear as he remove the wedding ring ( payton be ring ) he would forget he 's still wear . gallo what be a King ... without he Queen . he hit the control panel switch and ... int . sleep chamber a female crew member , a beautiful young woman , deep in hyper -- slumber suddenly twitches ... she eye open wide with a gasp as she stare into camera . CUT to black . the end