panic room by David koepp February 23 , 2000 -------------------------------------------------------------------- this film be short . this film be fast . fade in : ext . manhattan - day the whole island , from the south . for a second . literally . ext . new york skyline - day closer , just the skyline . for another second . ext . upper west side - day closer still , the Upper West side . for another second . no time to waste admire the scenery . ext . west 83rd STREET - day Race across a field of pedestrian to pick up three woman hurry down the sidewalk . lydia lynch , a real estate broker , vault down the sidewalk , she 's get a hell of a stride . meg altman , thirtyish , struggle to keep up with she , she 's tall , wafer - thin , pale as a ghost . sarah , a nine year old girl , flat out run to keep up , dribble a basketball as she go . the kid 's athletic , much tougher than meg , who she resemble . lydia read from a sheet she carry in she bounce hand . lydia -- seventeen foot wide , fifty - five foot deep , forty - two hundred square foot , four floor with a rentable basement apartment , so five altogether , courtyard in back -- meg could you slow down a little ? ( look back over she shoulder ) or we could wait for the car ... lydia no car . foot be faster . meg how many more do we have after this ? lydia none , there 's nothing else , you know how tight the market be . meg this be it ? I tell you on the phone , I have to be move in in two week . Sarah , please do not bounce that here . sarah Mom , it 's the sidewalk . lydia oh , that miserable little prick be already leave . they approach a row of brownstone , narrow four story townhouse , nice look building , a hundred year old or more . evan , a sour-look man , have just lock the front door of number 26 and be come down the step . he see they come . evan one day you will learn to respect other people 's time , lydia , one day you -- lydia Evan , I be so sorry , you be a saint to wait for we ! CUT to : int . townhouse - foyer - day Evan throw open the front door , revealing the airy foyer of the townhouse . the place be completely empty . he talk fast , race through the tour . the three of they come in , Sarah still bounce she basketball . evan this be the middle of the house , the entry floor , live room 's over there . the kitchen floor 's below we and there 's two bedroom floor above . the front door close behind they , with a thud so authoritative it seem to say no one 's ever get out . meg try to get she daughter 's attention , to tell she to stop bounce the ball in the house . evan it 's a enormous amount of space for the money and I will be perfectly honest , the family be in no hurry whatsoever . meg whisper Sarah 's name , but Sarah still ignore she , go on bounce the ball . evan I do not have to tell you there be a acute shortage of live space in Manhattan right now and this be a highly unique property . lydia no ball , kid . Sarah immediately stop bounce . she wander into the live room , peer through the big french door , which look out over the courtyard area . there 's another row of brownstone on the next block , and all the patio back up to one another . it look tranquil out there , oasis in the city . Sarah lean up against the door , sigh , she breath fog the window . there be a profound melancholy about she . meg watch she , try to catch eye with she in the reflection . can not . Evan fling open the door of a old - fashioned cage - style elevator . evan work elevator . Mr. pearlstine , the previous owner , be disabled the last ten year of he life . highly unusual , the elevator , you will not find this in ninety percent of brownstone . meg will they take ask price ? I need a two week escrow and I be already approve for the loan . lydia turn , give meg a " be you insane ? " look . evan what say we see the house before we dicker , hmm ? ( start up the stair ) I have to warn you , this be exactly the response we expect to get . it 's a very emotional property . as he disappear upstairs , lydia turn to meg , lower she voice . lydia who teach you to negotiate ? sarah it 's not like sak ' , Mom , you do not have to pay the price on the tag . she get in the elevator and rattle the door shut with a bang . that kid 's get a attitude . meg take a deep breath , turn to lydia . she brushes she hair behind a ear , we notice she thin hand be shaking . meg I be sorry . Apartments , and ... money , and ... this be more my husband 's area . she dig in she purse for a prescription pill bottle and some water . meg be . his area . I be not very good at ... lydia watch as she swallow a pill , wait for meg to finish she sentence . not very good at what ? meg thing , and if I can not prove to my soon to - be ex-husband that I can provide a suitable place for we daughter to live in the next fourteen day , it 's go to get ugly between we . uglier . lydia just look at she , no idea what to say . this two be from different place . evan ( o.s. ) ( from upstairs ) it would be so lovely if I could shot the property before I leave ! CUT to : int . top floor bedroom - day Evan , lydia , and meg poke they head in a series of room , one after the other , the tour fly by quickly . first , a upstairs bedroom . Nice , roomy , look out on the courtyard . evan top floor . two bedroom , one bathroom . int . den - day another floor , another empty room . the trio pass through . evan third floor , spare bedroom , de , what have you . Mr. pearlstine use it as a office . lydia ( low voice , to meg ) he 's talk about Bernard pearlstine . meg shrug , who 's that ? evan ( move , through a bathroom ) master bath . lydia the hotel guy ? it 's be in the papers lately . his kid be all suing each other over he estate . he be a total recluse , paranoid , rich as hell , he be worth thirty million or something , now it turn out they can not find half of it . ( singsong ) somebody take something do not belong to they ! evan I hardly see how family gossip be germane to show the property . lydia ( low , to meg ) stop call it the property , you sound ridiculous . evan ( through a closet ) master closet . from the hallway , there be a groaning metallic sound , the elevator , and the happy laughter of the little girl as she put it through its pace . Evan wince , speak as if he mouth hurt when he move it . evan could the child please stop that ? lydia kid ! no elevator ! she look at meg and wink . int . master bedroom - day evan and we emerge in the master bedroom . he check he watch . meg look around , study the dimension of the room . she look at the far wall , the one that border the house next door . she look at the wall that corner it , opposite the window wall . she take two step back from it . meg something 's weird . lydia what ? meg I do not know , do not that corner seem funny to you ? she point to the far end of the wall , near the entrance to the closet . there be a mirrore door that lead to the closet , and a mirror on the wall alongside it . if you look closely , you will see that the mirror be rake slightly toward one another , which cause a optical illusion in which the corner of the room appear much closer to the door than it be . evan I be wait to see if you would notice ! on caravan , no one from we office have the slight idea . he push on the top of the mirror on the wall . it make a faint click , then glide open a few inch off the wall . he pull it toward he , open it all the way , a hundred eighty degree , and it fasten magnetically to the back of the close door . there be smooth wall behind it , but if you look closely , there be a faint vertical crack in the wall . meg look at he -- what in the world ? even push again , twice this time , first at the top , then at the bottom , and the smooth wall click ajar . he pull it wide open . meg and lydia step forward , fascinate . int . panic room - day from the opposite end of a lone , narrow , windowless space , we see the three of they stand in the open doorway , silhouett by the sunlight stream through the bedroom window behind they . evan it 's call a panic room . he hit a switch and a row of bulb flick on overhead . meg a what ? evan a safe room . a inner sanctum . a castle keep , in medieval time . lydia oh , I have see this ... evan it 's quite in vogue in high end construction right now . one really can not be too careful about home invasion . the other two walk inside , but meg linger near the door , look around , study the neatly array survival supplies -- water , food pack , battery , flashlight , tool , rope , clothes , blanket -- you get the idea . lydia hey , this be perfect for you ... ( meg scoff ) absolutely ! you be a woman , you be live alone now . you alarm go off , or you head glass break , or for whatever reason you think someone 's break into you home in the middle of the night . what be you go to do ? call the police and wait until they get here on Tuesday ? traipse downstairs in you sexy little underthings and check it out ? I think not ! evan reinforced steel core wall . buried phone line , completely separate , not connect to the house 's main line and never expose throughout the house 's infrastructure or outside the house -- you can call the police ; nobody can cut you off . you own ventilation system , complete with oxygen scrubber , so you have get plenty of fresh air for as long as you like . and a bank of video monitor -- he hit a switch next to a dozen tiny video monitor , revealing a dozen different view of the house . evan -- cover almost every corner of the house . meg nod , start to sweat . meg make I nervous . lydia why ? meg ever read any poe ? lydia I do not think so , but I love she album . meg no , Edgar Allen . lydia ( think ) the furniture guy ? meg ( give up ) what 's to keep they from pry open the door ? Evan reach past meg and push a red button on the wall behind she . with a sudden whang of steel , a heavy metal door leap out of a slot in the wall and slam shut , like a submarine hatch . a series of metal latch click into place inside it , from top to bottom , secure it into place . evan steel , four inch thick . meg take a step back . they be now enclose in the room . evan everything 's spring - load , even if the power 's out it 's fully functional . meg open it . lydia Old bernie do not miss a trick with this room , do he ? meg open the door . lydia and with kid like he 's get , no wonder he want a place to hide . evan that 's highly inappropriate . meg I say open the door . Evan hit a green button and the door groans slowly open , recoil its massive spring , and revealing Sarah , the little girl , stand in the entryway , grin widely . sarah my room . definitely my room . she bolt in , just as she mother bolt out . int . master bedroom - day meg stand just outside the door to the panic room , regain she composure . not crazy about tight space . which we already know . lydia that door be a safely hazard . evan not at all . he point . there 's a tiny red beam that shine across the doorway , one at shoulder height -- evan infrare . like the beam in a elevator doorway . wo not let the door close if something 's block it . -- and one at shin height . even bend down , block the one at shin height with he hand . evan watch . he reach up , to push the close button , but with one hand anchore at the floor , he can not quite reach it . evan ( to lydia ) push that button for I , will you ? meg do not ! lydia push the close button , nothing happen . Evan pull he hand put of the beam , take a step back . lydia push the button again . whang ! the metal door rocket shut , the metallic slang reverberate in the room . almost immediately , the fake piece of wall hum shut , of its own accord , follow a moment later by the mirror , which detach itself from the back of the closet door and hum silently back into place , close over the hide door , make the corner of the room look like a corner again . as the mirrore door close , it show meg she own reflection . she look at herself , still rattle . she wipe a trickle of sweat from the side of she face . CUT to : int . townhouse - foyer - day the same house , two week later . the entry floor be pile high with move box . Sarah and meg lie sprawle out in the middle of the black and white tile , arm and leg splay wide , exhaust . they stare up at the ceiling , beat . sarah too many stair . meg get we in here , do not I ? sarah shoulda get a apartment . meg well , I know that now . sarah 478-0150 . meg raise she hand to she face , she 's get she cell phone in she palm . meg battery 's dead . CUT to : int . kitchen - day meg pick up the wall phone in the kitchen , get a dial tone . meg the phone work . ( to Sarah ) hey , I hook up the phone . sarah ( sarcastic ) the crowd go wild . meg ( ignore the slight ) 478 ... sarah 0150 . meg finish dial . it ring , someone answer . voice perry 's pizza , please hold . CUT to : int . kitchen - night night have fall . meg and Sarah sit at a small table in the middle of the kitchen , surround by pack box . they eat pizza . they chew , silently . Sarah drink a diet Dr. pepper . meg finish a glass of wine . meg 's eye be moist . Sarah notice . she notice she notice , shrug . I be human , what do you want I to do , hide it ? Sarah look away , go back to chew . after a moment : sarah fuck he . meg do not . sarah fuck she too . meg look at she , not sure how to confront the open defiance . meg I agree . but do not . Sarah stare at she for a moment , then go back to eat . meg pick up the bottle of wine . Sarah 's eye flick over and watch as wine glug into she mother 's glass . CUT to : int . sarah' bedroom - night Sarah 's bedroom be full of unpack box , but she twin bed have be set up and Sarah be in it , hair wet , pajamas on . she read from a book ( " Tom Swift and his repelatron skyway " ) while meg , drowsy , lie next to she , listen . sarah " Tom 's throat feel so dry and tight that it be a moment before he could make any sound come out . " dad ! " he croak . " I be - inside - the - machine ! " " great Scott ! " the elder scientist gasped . he dash across the laboratory and switch off the repelatron 's motor . " what happen , son ? " " the durafoam harden , dad . get a solvent , quick -- you know the formula ! " int . bathroom - night in the master bathroom , meg soak in a bath . she be exhaust . she reach for she wine glass , finish the last of it . she stretch for the bottle , which be on the floor next to she . she refill the glass . again . int . master bedroom - night meg , dress in a old knick T-shirt and boxer short , stand next to the alarm panel in the master bedroom , read from a instruction manual . she 's frustrated . she mutter , slurring , a bit drunk . meg bypass non -ready zone ... shunt , enter , zone number ... she try it , push a few button , but the alarm panel beeps at she disapprovingly . she 's do something wrong . she sigh , sit on the floor , get serious about figure out the instruction . meg bypass non -ready zone ... ah , shunt , enter , shunt again , zone number ... wait ... her finger dance over the alarm panel , some time later . she seem to have figure it out , and a small light on the panel light up . system armed the very moment the red light go on , we cut sharply to -- int . panic room - night -- the darken panic room , where the dozen small video screen all suddenly wink to life , show a dozen view of the house . whatever she push turn this on too , probably not what she mean to do , but at least she get the alarm on for the night . the door that lead from the panic room to the master bedroom hang open . in the middle of the floor in here , somebody have make a small tent of blanket and couch cushion . Sarah must have be play here before bed . int . master bedroom - night meg put sheet on she bed in the master bedroom . she fill a glass of water , put it on a box she 's use for a night table . she plug in a battery charge for she cell phone , place the phone in the cradle . it beeps . " charge . " she set the digital clock , put it next to the glass of water . it 's 12:26 . she get in bed , she side , the leave side . she lie in the dark , half a acre of empty bed across from she . we drift off she , see the clock again . the time change , the number one dissolves away , change the time to -- dissolve to : int . master bedroom - night -- 2:26 . meg be in a hard , boozy sleep . we drift out the door of the master bedroom , into the third floor hallway , and down the open stairwell . we glide through the entry floor , still gently fall through the stairwell 's airway , drop even further , all the way down to the kitchen floor , the ground floor . we drift across the darken kitchen , serpentine through the canyon of move box , approach the window that look out on the street . we move right up against the window , peer through the glass just as -- -- a van pull up across the street and stop . can not see through its window . no movement for a moment , then the driver 's door open and a man climb out . he wear dark clothes . the man close the door , look both way , and start across the street towards we . he 's carry a bag of some kind . he go to the door , and we drift down toward the doorknob . we hear a key slide into the door , rattle . but the lock do not turn . the key slide out , back in again , jiggle . still will not open the door . the man step away from the door , go to the kitchen window , which be heavily bar , and peer inside , right at we . can not see anything , it 's darker in here than it be out there . he turn , look both way on the street again , then step up , onto the window ledge . now we can only see he leg , can not tell what he 's do . he 's reach up , stretch for something . it drop into view with a metallic scrape . the fire escape . the man climb , he foot disappear from we field of vision . we turn around , face the other way in the kitchen . we start back the way we come , through the canyon of box in the kitchen , toward the stairwell . int . stairwell - night back in the stairwell , the exact reverse of the shot we see earlier . we be drift up , off the kitchen floor , through the entry floor , and as we rise we notice something all the way up on the roof that we could not see before , when we be look down . a skylight . we continue to rise , draw toward it . we move up , through the master bedroom floor , creep up alongside the stair banister , now reach the top floor of the house , and just as we near the skylight -- -- a figure appear , visible through it . the man in dark clothes , on the roof now . he stop , peer down through the skylight , look at we without see we again . he step across the skylight . this be not the way he intend to enter . we drift again , follow he soft footstep on the roof , which we can hear faintly through the ceiling . here in the hall , just outside Sarah 's bedroom , a closet door be ajar . we squeeze through the gap and into the closet . in the closet , it 's completely dark . can not see a thing . but then a sliver of light appear , come from above . we look up . there be a ladder that 's bolt to the wall in this closet , it lead up to a square panel in the ceiling . roof access . and that roof access panel be move , ever so slightly , moonlight spilling in as it twist in its set . a shiny silver something slide through the crack along the edge of the portal . it slither along the edge of the hatchway , search for something . it find a small round nub in the crack . the silver something stop . it hum with electricity for a moment , then there be a bright spark and a soft crack . int . master bedroom - night in the master bedroom , a message appear on the alarm panel : zone 19 disabled int . closet - night in the closet , the silver something withdraw and the roof access panel be remove . a million star be visible in the night sky above . but we be inside . and in a moment , so be this intruder . the man peer down , through the open hatchway , then slip through the open and climb silently down the ladder . int . master bedroom - night in bed , meg stir . a alcohol sleep be a restless one , and she 's suffer . she sit up groggily , chug a glass of water . lies down again . int . FOURTH floor hallway - night one floor up , the man step into the hallway and start for the stair , move quickly and confidently . know where he 's go , know what he want . he start down the stair , happen to glance to the side as he do so . he freeze . he 's look in the open doorway of the top floor bathroom , stare hard at something that clearly disturb he . a nightlight . plugge into a outlet in the baseboard in the bathroom . ( for the record , it 's the power puff Girls . ) the man climb the stair again , concerned , go to the door of the bathroom . he look from the nightlight to the countertop . there 's a move box on the countertop . his eye widen . this be news to he , bad news . he take a step back and a breath . he turn , look to the end of the hall . his eye now adjust to the darkness , he notice something he do not see before , something come from under the door to the fourth floor bedroom . Light . from inside . from another nightlight . int . sarah' bedroom - night in the top floor bedroom , a nightlight burn in another outlet . nearby , Sarah be asleep in bed , the cover kick off . the door to Sarah 's bedroom glide open , terribly slowly . the man stand in the doorway , stare , aghast , at the mountain of move box pile in the room . his gaze fall on Sarah in the bed . the man just stare , beside himself . his lip mouth a word , soundlessly . do not take a lip reader to guess it . int . master bedroom - night in the master bedroom , meg flop over in bed , face away from the doorway , really have a rough go of it . she sleep too hard before , now she 's awake , she head be kill she , she 's really pay the price of four glass of wine . she lie still , on she side , face we . behind she , the bedroom door move , silently . open . the man stand there , one finger still on the door he 's just push open . he stare at the sleep form of meg on the bed , whose back be to he . he have no idea she 's awake . meg lie in bed , eye wide open , no idea a man be stand in the doorway to she bedroom . noiselessly , the man move away , down the hall . the moment he head disappear down the stairwell -- -- meg flop over again , face the doorway . she close she eye , give sleep another try . CUT to : int . kitchen - night the man walk across the kitchen , shaking he head in exasperation at the pack box all around he . he go to the front window , peer outside . he reach for a light switch on he right . through the window , we can see the stoop light go on . then off , then on and off again . still through the window , we see the side panel door of the van slide open . two more men climb out . they be also dress in dark clothes . they also carry satchel . they walk calmly across the street , grow large in the window as they approach we . the first intruder ( who have a name , it 's burnham ) step over to the kitchen door , run he silvery strip through the gap . another hum and spark . a alarm panel flash again . zone 1 disabled in the kitchen , burnham open the kitchen door , let the two other guy slip inside . raoul be a hulk figure whose back seem to rise up over the top of he slouching head ; when he walk it look like gravity do all the work , just pull he forward . junior be much smaller , very high -strung , dress like a homey , very street , but can not hide the fact that the street be Park Avenue . they all freeze , stare at the move box . junior fuck . burnham I know . raoul what ? burnham a woman and a little girl , both asleep upstairs . junior fuck ! burnham keep you voice down . junior they be not suppose to be here ! burnham this be you department , junior . junior they be not suppose to be here ! burnham that 's why the key do not work , they change the lock . junior fourteen day escrow , man , that 's almost three week ! they should not be here for another week ! they do not own this house yet ! burnham ( pause ) exactly how be fourteen day almost three week ? junior fourteen business day . escrow be always business day . burnham sigh . junior I mean , right ? be not it ? burnham you be a idiot . raoul step forward , shove burnham with both hand in the chest . raoul watch you mouth . junior it 's okay , raoul . burnham ( to junior ) who be this guy ? junior raoul be cool . that 's all you need to know . burnham this be insane . I be outta here . he start for the door . junior wait a minute , wait a minute . we can still handle this . ( to raoul ) can we still handle this ? raoul it 's just the woman and the kid ? burnham unless daddy come back later . junior daddy 's not come back , she 's in the middle of a divorce , it 's just the two of they . we be okay , here . ( to raoul ) we can do this , right ? raoul you be fuckin ' a we can do this . burnham not with I . not with people . junior forty -five minute . that 's all you say you need . that 's like nothing . burnham she will call the cop , they will be here before I get unpack . junior so we keep a eye on she . raoul can totally administrate that part . raoul no problem . burnham I do not want raoul to administrate that part . junior they will not get hurt . burnham what about we ? what if she have a gun ? junior raoul , what in God 's name do we do if she have a gun ? raoul pull up he sweatshirt , revealing a .38 tuck into he belt . burnham asshole . junior a guy show you a gun , burnham , and you insult he ? hey , who 's the idiot ? huh ? burnham where do you get this clown ? junior I meet he at the table , same as you . and frankly , I be grateful we have a little muscle right about now . burnham what table ? I have never see he before . junior different table . burnham ( to raoul ) the fuck do you bring a gun for ? raoul you be welcome . burnham peace out . he move for the door . junior , try desperately to hold this together , get there first , block the door with he back . junior we can not do it without you , burnham . junior start at burnham . raoul stare at burnham . junior it 's still a good plan . it 's just ... get a twist . burnham yeah . kidnap . junior not if we keep them here . you can not kidnap somebody in they own house . it 's just break and enter , unless we take them someplace . or something like that , I be pretty sure . burnham pure idiot . junior I be . I be a idiot 's son . a idiot 's grandson . I be third - generation idiot . but for once in my life I have a good idea , and I be not give up so easy . you be ? be you actually tell I that for the first time in you life you be gonna throw you card on the table and go home early ? I can not believe my eye . ( burnham hesitates ) fourteen million dollar upstairs , burnham . you will be out of the hole . baby , you will be so far out of the hole you could draw brick every night for the next twenty year and still shit green . ( burnham sway ) come on , buddy . one more hand . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night meg sit up in bed . she 's bleary , she head feel like someone rest a manhole cover on it . she get up , in the dark , and stagger off toward the bathroom door , feel she way with she arm , she eye not adjust to the dark . she step through the door . int . panic room - night she walk into the bathroom and feel around for a light switch , but can not find it . she blink , squint , try to get she bearing . the only light be a harsh white glow that come from along one wall , from a bank of tiny video monitor . she find the light switch , flick it on , it nearly blind she . she 's not in the bathroom . she 's wander into the panic room by mistake . she turn around , walk out , leave the light on behind she . we linger for a look at the video screen . if only she would do the same , she would see what we see . on the monitor , we see the three man , still in the kitchen , huddle in a group , silently debate what to do . int . master bedroom - night use the light that spill from the open door to the panic room , meg come back into the master bedroom and find the proper door to the bathroom . int . bathroom - night meg snap the cap off a jug of advil and dump three into she palm . she pop they in she mouth , search for a glass for water , find none , bend to the spout for a gulp to wash they down . she turn to the toilet . int . panic room - night on the monitor , we see the three man leave the kitchen and start up the stair . int . bathroom - night meg stand , flush the toilet . int . live room - night one floor down , burnham , raoul , and junior freeze , just come up the stair from the kitchen . they look up , hearing the water rush through the pipe in the ceiling directly above they . they stare at the ceiling , follow with they eye as a pair of foot pad across the creaky floor . finally , they hear a squeak of bedspring as meg climb back into bed . they hold a moment longer , a silence grow . raoul reach into he jacket pocket and pull out a ski mask . he pull it over he head . they look at he . raoul ( whisper ) no face . burnham roll he eye . do not know this guy much , but hate he so far . they start across the foyer toward the stair . int . master bedroom - night meg roll over , to go back to sleep . she see she 's leave the light on in the panic room . she tsk , get out of bed , and walk across the floor toward it . int . panic room - night meg step into the panic room , raise she hand to the light switch -- -- and stop , she hand freeze in mid-air . she cock she head , look at something she can not understand . she blink . take a step , further into the room . she stare at the video monitor -- at the three man in dark clothes , steal silently across the foyer . this can not be . this be just picture , they have no relation to reality . she drop to she knee , she face inch from the screen , and reach out to touch they , as if try to make sure they be really there . int . stairwell - night they reach the base of the stair , junior in the lead . as he reach a bend at the base of the stair , he place one foot short on a angle step and it slip off . he trip , fall forward . int . panic room - night watch the video monitor , meg stare in horror as the image of junior slip be verify by the slap of he hand on the stair as he catch himself , audible through the open door to the panic room . she gasp . it be real . int . stairwell - night in the live room , burnham 's eye be wide as saucer , stare at junior as he turn and pull himself to he foot . junior point at raoul , speak in a urgent whisper . junior top floor , get the little girl and keep she there . I will bring the woman up . gimme . he hold out he hand for the gun and raoul give it to he . junior ( point to burnham ) stay here . nobody get past you . he head for the stair . raoul follow close behind he . burnham stay , reluctant -- what the fuck have he get himself into ? int . panic room - night meg move . leap to she foot and dash out of the room . int . master bedroom - night meg race across she bedroom , fly out the door , and bolt up the carpete stair , head for the top floor . int . sarah' bedroom - night meg race into Sarah 's room , drop onto the bed , and grab Sarah by the shoulder , try to rouse she . meg wake up ... wake up ... but she 's in a profound child 's sleep and will not wake up . int . third floor hallway - night one floor down , junior and raoul reach the third floor landing . still move stealthily , junior head down the hall for the master bedroom , where he think meg be sleep . raoul head for the stair that lead to the top floor . int . sarah' bedroom - night meg be desperate , still can not wake Sarah . meg wake up ... come on , come on ... she see a plastic cup on she night table / box , half fill with water . she snatch it and toss the water in she face . now she 's awake . and piss off . she sputter , shout . sarah what did you do that for ?! int . third floor hallway - night raoul , at the base of the stair that lead to the top floor , hear the kid shouting . he start up the stair , quickly . int . sarah' bedroom - night on the top floor , meg be already drag Sarah out of the room and into the hallway . int . hallway - night meg and Sarah come out of Sarah 's bedroom just as raoul reach the top of the stair at the other end . they be cut off . meg freeze , stare at the hulk ski-mask figure at the end of the hallway . she think , no idea what to do for a second . she look frantically to she right -- the bathroom , dead end . she look to she leave . the elevator . she yank open the elevator door , throw aside the gate , and race inside with Sarah . raoul take off down the hall , lung for the elevator . int . elevator - night meg slam the gate shut and punch the button for the first floor . the elevator groans to life and start down -- slowly . Sarah look up at she , terrify . sarah what 's go on ?! meg people . in the house . as the elevator descend , they see raoul , through the window in the door , as he drop to he knee , to get a good look at they . int . top floor hallway - night raoul turn from the elevator , shout to the open stairwell . raoul in the elevator ! both of ' em head toward you ! int . third floor hallway - night junior turn from the open doorway of the master bedroom and race back down the hall , toward the elevator . he reach the door , peer through the window . he see the bare foot of meg and Sarah , drop toward he . he grab the door handle , pull as hard as he can , but it stay lock , with the elevator move beyond . he bang on the button , hope the elevator will stop . as meg and Sarah drop fully into view , he stand there , eye to move eye with she for a moment . but the elevator do not stop , it keep go down . int . elevator - night meg stand freeze , terrify , stare at junior as they move past he . junior have another go at the door , pull as hard as he can , actually bend the door , but the elevator be still move , the catch hold fast and the door will not open . as they pass , he face suddenly disappear , he take off . int . stairwell - night junior fly down the stair , to cut they off at the first floor . int . elevator - night meg he 's go down . sarah that room ! meg what ?! sarah panic room ! meg think , then punch the button for three , to go back up . but the elevator continue down . she jab at it , futilely . sarah no. you gotta ... she reach past she , push the stop button . the elevator jerk to a halt . then Sarah push three . now the elevator start to rise . meg look at she , impressed . Love that kid . int . entry floor - night in the foyer , junior freeze , hearing the elevator stop and start again . junior she' coming back up toward you !! he take off up the stair again . burnham can not take it anymore , he take off after junior , follow he upstairs . int . FOURTH floor hallway - night raoul , still on the top floor , head for the stair , fast . int . stairwell - night junior race back up the stair . they have she catch in the middle . int . third floor hallway - night the door to the elevator bang open on three , the gate rattle aside , and meg and Sarah leap out . they take off down the hall , toward the doorway to the master bedroom . raoul fly down the stair , not twenty foot behind they . int . master bedroom - night meg and Sarah run through the master bedroom . as she pass the night table , Sarah swing a open hand to grab she cell phone from its cradle . but in she haste she start to pull it out at a angle and the prong at the bottom stick in the charge . the phone slip from she finger , bounce off the corner of the table , carom off she foot , and skitter under the bed . Sarah turn , look to the head of the stair just as junior turn the corner and raoul thunder down the step from four . she abandon the phone , grab Sarah , and they lunge through the open doorway to the panic room . junior and raoul burst through the doorway to the bedroom , just a few step away . int . panic room - night meg and Sarah trip over each other come through the doorway , they tumble to the floor of the panic room , the door wide open behind they . meg spin around , hurl herself at the red button on the wall -- -- junior leap , sailing through the air toward they -- -- meg slam she open palm on the red button , the massive coiled spring that hold the metal door open be release , the steel barrier leap forward out of the wall -- -- and whang shut in a split-second . int . master bedroom - night junior slam into the close metal door , bang he shoulder into it , and slither to the ground , too late . int . panic room - night meg roll over and pull Sarah into she arm , both of they breathe hard , ask each other if they be okay , scared out of they mind . but safe . she spot the telephone , the one with the special bury phone line . she lunge for it , snatch it from its cradle , listen for a dial tone . nothing there either . meg damn it ! sarah it do not work ?! meg different phone line , I never hook it up ! she hurl it down , look back at Sarah . she seem a bit pale , scared . she go to she , hold she , reassure she . int . master bedroom - night junior be slump at the base of the door , livid , in pain , pound on it with he fist , scream " no ! " over and over again , crazy with rage . raoul stand in the middle of the room , chest heaving , hand on he knee . burnham finally walk into the room and stop in the doorway , look from raoul to junior to the door to the panic room , figure out the situation . burnham tell I ... tell I they be not in there ... we rise up , above they , above the room , look down on they , the rat - in - a- maze shot . we rise up further still , above where the ceiling ought to be , to look down on this room and the one beside it , the room behind the four inch of reinforce steel , the panic room in which meg and Sarah kneel in the middle of the floor , hold each other tight . standoff . CUT to : int . panic room - night very close on the metal door , from inside the panic room . a ear move slowly into frame , press against the cold steel . listen . meg pull away from the door , shaking she head . meg can not hear a thing . sarah what do they want ? meg I do not know . Rob we . I do not know . she sit back against a wall , look around , at the tiny room . she 's try not to show how freak out she be . sarah what do we do ? meg wait . sarah what if they get in here ? meg they can not . they can not get in here . no . they can not . sarah I hear you . meg feel okay ? sarah yeah . meg shaky ? sarah nope . meg chill ? sarah huh uh . she check she wristwatch , for some reason . sarah do not worry about I . the implication be , worry about yourself . Sarah crawl over to the bank of video monitor , study they . meg crawl over to join she . they scan the screen . on the monitor , there be a dozen different view of the house . Front stoop . Kitchen . dining room . entry floor . live room . master bedroom . de . top floor bedroom , both of they . top two floor hallway . even one with a shot of the inside of the elevator . the three intruder be gather in the live room , stand in a tight circle , have a hell of a argument . lot of gesture , finger jabbing in chest , but we can not hear a word . in the panic room , meg furrow she brow , notice something interesting to the right of the video monitor . she slide over , study a panel there with sixteen different button and a small grill area . meg hey ... Sarah join she , look at the button . each one be label with a different room name -- de , kitchen , master bedroom , etc . up in the corner there be a button that say " all page , " down in the opposite corner there 's a button mark " talk . " meg look at Sarah . sarah go ahead . meg be reluctant , frighten . Sarah be encourage , for the first time . sarah you can do it . meg lean forward , clear she throat . int . live room - night burnham , raoul , and junior be stand in the half - darken live room , in the middle of they argument , when a voice boom around they . meg ( o.s. ) Excuse I . they practically jump out of they shoe , look around for the source of the voice . meg ( o.s. ) the police be on they way . only burnham have remain relatively calm . after he get over the initial shock , he walk toward the tiny camera that 's hide in a upper corner of the live room wall and stare up at it . raoul , who have take off he ski mask , be careful to move out of the camera 's range , and turn he back to it . meg I suggest you leave . on the monitor , burnham look up at the camera and shake he head , wag a finger from side to side . he raise a hand , make a gesture like a telephone , then wag he finger again . the message be clear -- you do not have a phone . in the panic room , meg be puzzle . meg how would he know that ? she press the talk button again . meg ( into speaker ) take what you want and get out . that sound fairly tough . she look at the monitor again . on the monitor , the three of they have a urgent , whisper conference , then they all start patting they pocket for some reason , turn in circle , look for something . in the panic room , meg and Sarah watch they , confuse . on the monitor , burnham hold up a finger to the camera -- wait a second -- while raoul and junior rush off screen , look for something . junior return a moment later hold something and the three of they hunch over a box , work on something . after a moment , they break apart and junior step up to the camera hold a pad of paper . he show it to the camera . on the top page , in big block letter , they have write . what we want after a suitable pause for read , he turn to the second page , where four more word be write . be in that room . in the panic room , Sarah gasp , meg sit back . meg " what we want be in that room . " sarah they be come in here , be not they ? meg no , I tell you , they can not . it 's not a possibility . angry , she sit forward and jab the talk button . meg ( into speaker ) what do you know about this room ? on the monitor , there be more frenzied write , more argue , and a first draft of a response tear up . finally , junior step forward with another sign : more than you . in the panic room , meg 's confidence be ebbing , but she do not want to show it . she hit the talk button again . meg ( into speaker ) we be not come out . we be not let you in . get out of my house . ( click off ) sarah say fuck . meg ( into speaker ) fuck . sarah " get the fuck out of my house . " meg ( into speaker ) get the fuck out of my house ! she click off again , look to Sarah for approval , and get it , sort of , in Sarah 's half -smile . but Sarah 's eye go back to the screen . sarah answer . meg follow Sarah 's eye back to the screen , where another message be be hold up for they . on the monitor , the notepad say : we will let you go . in the panic room , meg and Sarah speak at the same time . meg oh , please . sarah give I a break . int . live room - night in the live room , she voice boom from the speaker . meg ( o.s. ) conversation 's over . with a audible click , she sign off . burnham , raoul , and junior stand array beneath the camera , stare up at it , dumbfounded . burnham get she right where you want she , junior . junior shut up . burnham when you say you would let them go I think she would come run right out for sure . junior shut up and let I think . he open a pack of cigarettes , take out a joint and light it . burnham I be afraid to let you think , junior . thing get worse when you think . ( sniff ) oh , that 's gonna help . junior ( hold in a hit ) okay , fuckball , you think . what be we gonna do ? raoul what if she call the cop ? burnham she do not . junior she say she do . burnham she lie . cop woulda be here by now if she call them . besides , junior cut the phone . burnham go to the window and stare outside . he laugh , cover he face . raoul what the fuck be funny about this ? burnham God . raoul there be not one thing funny here . burnham who else but God could think this shit up ? I spend ten year building that fuck room to keep people out , now I gotta figure out how to get in . God , man , he just love the irony . junior yes . yes , it 's all terrible ironic and amusing . you fuck . now how be you gonna get we into that room ? burnham can not . Whole point . can not get in the room . raoul so what the fuck be we suppose to do ?! burnham make she come out . and when she do , that 's when we gotta be careful . she can not get out of this house . she can not even think she can get out of this house . we just keep they here and keep they quiet for forty - five minute . and I do not want ( raoul ) Joe pesci here stand over they with he fat sweaty finger on the trigger . that 's a sure way for we to end up with two dead body and little puff of smoke burn out of we head up in greenhaven . so we be gonna seal the place up . they wanna hole up in here ? Fine , we will help them . make it impossible for they to leave . once they come out of that room . junior and why exactly would they want to come out ? at the window , burnham notice something sit just outside the french door , on the balcony . it 's a large outdoor barbecue grill . he think , take a step closer . he see a white five gallon tank of some kind underneath the grill . burnham workin ' on it . CUT to : int . panic room - night in the panic room , meg be sit cross -legge on the floor , lean against a wall , but Sarah be in motion , sorting through shelf , open drawer . every drawer have something in it , seal under plastic . she open and close , sort and lift find the follow : waterproof match and lighter . flashlight . unopene package of battery . seal water bag stamp " pure five year from date . " tin food . flare . pillow , fireproof blanket ( we know because the bag be stamp fireproof blanket ) . a complete tool kit . as Sarah explore , she discover something in the far wall at the end of the room , down on the floor at eye level . it 's a small round portal , about eight inch across , with a four- pronge cloverlike seal . the portal be close tight , as Sarah poke and scrape at it idly with a finger or two , it resist she attempt to crank it open . meg notice . meg hey . relax , okay ? but Sarah keep at it , feel along the edge of the portal , then all along the wall , look for some kind of hide switch that control it . meg I mean it , lie down . you get you adrenaline up and you know what 's gonna happen . Sarah stop , look at she mother , who be pale and want , huddle in the corner . sarah be you freaking out ? meg Little bit . yeah . Sarah look around the room . sarah small space ? meg ( nod , fast ) do not though . ( talk about it , that be ) Sarah look at she , think . it 's not a unfamiliar situation , she need to comfort she mother . sarah why do the chicken cross the road ? meg what be I , a five year old ? sarah why do the chicken cross the road ? meg I do not know , why ? sarah to prove he be not chicken . meg try to push a smile across she face , but it 's immediately dash as she look back at the video screen . her eye show alarm , stare at the kitchen . meg what the hell be they do ? CUT to : int . kitchen - night the content of one of the satchel be dumped out over the kitchen counter , every kind of tool imaginable , many that be unfamiliar to we . they sort through the pile , choose thing . int . kitchen floor - rear door - night at the french door that lead to the garden , burnham have a cordless screwdriver and a pile of long screw in he hand . he reach up , drill a screw through the door , into the corner of the door frame . he do the same at the bottom of the door . he unlock the doorknob , try it . the screw hold the door fast . he move on , to the next door . int . panic room - night in the panic room , meg stare at the video screen , eye wide , terrify . she watch they . can not take she eye off they . meg ( barely audible ) ... lock we in ... int . library - night in the library , in the front of the house , raoul screw shut a window , drive the long screw into its frame . he look out at the street , at two clubgoer walk home . he pull the drape . int . panic room - night meg 's hand be over she mouth , she 's tremble , shaking she head from side to side . this can not be happen . int . kitchen - night in the kitchen , junior go to the wall phone meg use to call for pizza earlier . he cut the phone wire with a knife . he stand there , stare at the phone , wiping the sweat from he palm on he pants . not satisfied , he pull the phone itself out of the wall , cut the cord for the handset too . CUT to : int . panic room - night meg push herself back into the corner of the panic room , horrify . sweat have break out on she forehead , she whole body seem to vibrate . Sarah come over , lean in front of she . sarah Mom ? but Sarah 's voice be hollow , seem far away . sarah be you okay ? meg look at she . as she watch , Sarah float away from she . in fact , the entire room be float away from she , elongate . and narrowing . meg look to the side , and the wall do not just seem like they be push in on she , they be push in on she . meg open she mouth , scream , but no sound come out . Sarah stand up and bend over she , but now she 's just a figure far away , all the way at the end of a long , impossibly narrow hall . sarah ( barely hear ) mom ?! mom !! meg crawl out , into the middle of that hallway , to get away from the wall , but they both continue move in on she . meg not here ... not here ... someplace else ... someplace else ... her eye roll back into she head , we see just the white , and she lose she balance , fall over onto she back . we fall with she , move in tight on she face , and the dark hallway carpet beneath it turn to green , all green , grassy green . she sit up , look around , and we realize she be in fact somewhere else , she 's -- ext . great lawn - day -- in the middle of the great lawn , in Central Park . she stand , turn in a circle , she 's completely alone on the great green grassy plain in the middle of a beautiful spring day , tall building sparkling in the distance . meg stretch she arm out , smile , but far off in the distance , she hear a voice call to she , dimly : sarah ( o.s. ) Mom ?! Mom !! meg ignore the voice , she 's so happy to be out here , out in the open , in the beautiful wide open , she could stay here forever , she spin around , throw she head back , but there 's that voice again , insistent : sarah ( o.s. ) Mom , please !! there be the sharp sound of a slap , and meg 's face abruptly jerk to the side . she touch she cheek , confuse , as a hot red handprint rise up on it . what the hell be that ? bam ! now the perfect spring day be shattered suddenly by a deafen crunch . the smile vanish from meg 's face , she turn . where do that come from ? bam ! another one , even louder . meg 's whole body wince at the sound . bam ! a third one , and on this one meg fall to she knee , cover she ear , wall spring up around she , right there on the great lawn , we rush in on she , the wall close in , and she 's right back -- int . panic room - night -- in the panic room , where she always be , and that pound be real , it 's right outside the door , it 's like somebody 's try to smash they way right through the wall . Sarah be right over meg , hold she by the arm , and that handprint on meg 's face be real , Sarah must have slap she to try to bring she out of it . sarah they 're coming in ! they 're coming in ! meg look to the wall , watch it seem to vibrate as another deafen bang crunch into it from outside . bam ! bam ! bam ! the sound be deafen . Sarah throw both hand over she ear . meg look around , still disorient . sarah you can't do that ! you can't freak out like that ! you have to stay here with I ! meg I be . I be here . sarah you have to ! meg I be here . I be here . they huddle there , terrify . meg blink , wipe the sweat from she forehead , begin to come back around . she turn she head , sneak a look at the funny wristwatch Sarah wear , try to look without she daughter know . it 's not a ordinary watch , it only have one number , a tall , flash digital display : 120 meg nod , as if reassure herself . meg we be fine . we be okay . she turn , look at the video monitor to see what the hell they be do out there . int . master bedroom - night bam ! in the master bedroom , a claw hammer crunch into the sheetrock on the outer wall of the panic room . the intruder be in the master bedroom now , and burnham be like a man possess , tear at the sheetrock with the sharp end of the tool while junior shine a flashlight into the hole . as the sheetrock tear away , we see the skeleton of the wall behind it . there 's a latticework of two by four stud , and beyond that the dull shine of the wall 's metal core . but that 's not what he 's after . he continue tear , reveal a air duct run through the wall , feed into the panic room through a weld hole in the steel . burnham tear away with the hammer , expose a short section of the duct . clang ! the claw hammer drop into a open toolbox . burnham drop to he knee , rip open another tool case . this one have a sophisticated look power drill in it , along with a couple dozen specialize bit . he select one , twist it into the drill . at the wall , burnham put drill to metal and hit the switch . a horrendous metal screech fill the air and the drill bit tear into the duct , open up a jag hole about the size of a quarter . raoul hurry through the doorway of the bedroom , carry a coiled garden hose . burnham snap he finger for it , raoul toss it to he , hold one end , and the hose uncoil in the air as it snake across the room . burnham shove the end of the garden hose into the hole he 's just drill in the air duct . rip ! he tear off a length of duct tape and seal the connection , make it airtight . slit ! use a large hunt knife , raoul hack a ten foot section of the garden hose off the coil . he stretch it out , across the room , to the white five gallon tank we see before , which be now sit on the floor up here . we move in close as burnham snug the cut end of the garden hose over a spigot at the top of the tank . Red block letter be easy to read on the side of the tank . propane caution - flammable along with a number of other dire warning . burnham raise he hand to the knob , hesitates , do not really want to do this , but do not stop himself either . he spin it open . halfway . junior open it . burnham I do . raoul he say open it . burnham just send a message . she will get the point . Gas hiss through the spigot and into the hose . we follow along the length of the hose , across the floor of the room , through the hole in the sheetrock , into the hole that 's be drill in the air duct -- inside the wall -- through the wall itself , where we see the horizontal line of a air vent up ahead . we squeeze between two of the horizontal line -- int . panic room - night -- and come out in the panic room . Three red streamer , tie to the air vent , flap to life as the gas hiss into the panic room . directly underneath the vent , meg be hunch up against the wall , she arm around Sarah . she sniff . again . Sarah sniff . they look at each other . she look up . see the streamer float above she . she leap to she foot , step up onto a shelf , and stretch she nose toward the streamer . just as she do -- int . master bedroom - night near the tank , raoul shove burnham out of the way . raoul we be not playin ' , here . he crank the valve handle of the grill open all the way . the gas pour into the hose with a audible whoosh . int . panic room - night meg , at the vent , fall back , two lungful of propane , and drop to she knee on the floor . sarah what , what , what be it ?! meg on the floor ! get on the floor ! now Sarah cough . the gas be pour into the room . int . master bedroom - night raoul be stand guard over the tank , to make sure no one mess with the valve . burnham look , do not be stupid ... junior have he head press against the door to the panic room , try to hear any sound from within . junior be quiet . burnham we be try to scare they , not kill they ! junior they be cough . burnham they be gonna die in there ! junior nobody be gonna die , man , will you please have the ball to follow through with a good idea ? think about it , what would you do if you be they , stay in there and choke to death , or come out ?! huh ? we be just get they to come out for forty - five minute , forty - five fuck minute ! the worst that 's gonna happen be they pass out , we drag them out here into the fresh air , and they will be fine . burnham junior , you gigantic idiot , how be we suppose to get into the room if they pass out ? pause . junior turn to raoul . junior cut it back a little bit . raoul no fuck way . junior he 's right , we can not get into the room if they be dead ! int . panic room - night meg and Sarah be down on the floor , rag cover they mouth , try like crazy to filter the air , but it 's not work . Sarah be crawl around the base of the wall , near to where she be before , claw at the strange portal thing again . finally , she find a small metal handle , fold back into the clover - leaf seal on the portal . she unfold it , twist it . the portal crank open , revealing it to be at the end of a tube , about a foot long , a emergency ventilation source directly through to the exterior of the house . she bend down and look through it . it 's cover by a metal mesh at the opposite end , but she can see and smell the outside through it . she sit up , gesture to she mother to bend down next to she . she do , and they both jam they mouth up near the end of the tube , gulp fresh air greedily . meg look at Sarah , good job , and they both drop to the floor at the portal and suck air . it 's temporary , but it work . int . master bedroom - night in the master bedroom , the debate have turn physical . burnham lunge across the room at raoul , to get he hand on the valve , to turn off the gas . but raoul catch he and hurl he aside . burnham slam into the wall , bounce off and scream at raoul , who scream right back . junior leap into the middle , try to break it up , to get they to shut up , keep they voice down . it 's bedlam . int . panic room - night in the panic room , meg know this can not go on forever . she turn away from the portal , look up at the vent , where the streamer still stream . she look to the other side of the room , to where Sarah find the waterproof match and lighter . she think . take a deep lungful of fresh air from the tube and crawl over to the lighter . she select one , snatch up a screwdriver . Sarah look at she , have a vague idea of what she 's think , but can not believe it . she shake she head vehemently . in response , meg pick up two or three of the fireproof blanket and pile they over Sarah , right up to she disbely eye . she bend down , take another gulp of air . but she 's get woozy . this can not go on much longer . she stagger across the room , hoist herself back up onto the shelf she stand on before , and get right up next to the vent . holding she breath to avoid breathe the toxic gas , she unscrew the vent cover . the duct be wide enough to put you arm in . she reach in , past a bundle of multicolor wire that run down through the wall . she reach all the way in , lighter in hand . inside the duct , we see she hand crawl in , lighter clench between she finger . she raise a thumb to the flint wheel , crank it once . too slow . not even a spark . her hand shake . she try again . still no spark . but with the effort and the angle , when she thumb the lighter it make she hand twitch , bang up against the side of the duct with a hollow boom . int . master bedroom - night burnham turn abruptly . he turn around . they all freeze , listen . he hear it again . the hollow boom , come from inside the wall . now a third time . he walk forward , slowly , toward the wall . boom . he move closer , get right up next to the wall . he lean into the wall , put he ear right up next to the air duct . this close , he hear the sound in more detail , realize it 's two sound . scratch . boom . he arch a eyebrow . inside the duct , meg 's hand be tremble , tiring . she try again , thumb the flint wheel . it scratch as it roll , she hand twitches , boom against the side of the duct . still , the gas hiss through . in the panic room , meg 's face be turn color , she 's run out of air . her foot tremble on the shelf , she 's about to lose she foot . inside the duct , she try again . scratch . boom . in the bedroom , burnham 's eye suddenly pop wide as he identify the sound . burnham oh . he tear himself away from the wall -- inside the duct , -- meg 's thumb tense for one good hard turn -- in the bedroom , -- burnham leap through the air , hurl himself toward the propane tank -- inside the duct , -- meg crank the wheel , a spark spark , a flame flame , and a hot blue cloud shoot out in two direction , one toward the panic room , the other toward the bedroom . in the panic room , meg jump off the shelf , throw herself as far away from the vent as she can , she arm engulf by lick blue flame . she drop to the floor of the room , cover she daughter 's body just as the entire ceiling of the panic room turn into a lake of fire with a deafen whoomp . the fluorescent light tube explode , shower glass everywhere . in the bedroom , the blue flame shoot out of the wall , into the hose , through the hose , back up toward the tank . burnham crunch to the floor next to the tank , knock the other end of the hose away from the spigot just as the blue flame erupt from the end of the hose . the flame engulf he entire body , he hair start on fire , he chest , he arm . raoul lunge forward , junior tear the blanket from the bed and throw they over he , burnham howl and roll on the floor in pain . in the panic room , the blue cloud on the ceiling suddenly evaporate with another angry whoomp , leave a few little pocket of flame that meg extinguish by swatting with a blanket . only one of the fluorescent light be leave intact ; it cast a flicker , uneven light on the room . she stand in the middle of the still - smoky panic room , breathe hard . she shout , scream incomprehensibly , make no sense whatsoever . she stop , notice the look Sarah be give she . Wide - eye admire , frighten , you be a insane woman . meg look to herself . her arm be sign , the hair burn off . the sleeve of she T-shirt be burn back to the shoulder . her face be sooty , blacken . meg grunt , half frighten by herself . int . master bedroom - night out in the bedroom , it 's worse for burnham , who have lose most of he hair and shirt . but he skin be not badly burn , which be something , I guess . still , he 's in a rage . he pound the metal door of the panic room . burnham i'm coming in there , bitch , I am coming in there ! I am coming in there ! int . panic room - night meg whirl , go to the door herself , scream right back . we can hardly make out a word she 's say , but it sound threaten . suddenly , she stop , hearing something else . outside the door , burnham continue to rant , but there 's a second sound , a sound come from the long wall of the panic room , the wall that 's share with the brownstone next door . it 's a faint -- very faint -- pounding sound , along with a high pitch , complain voice , so faint it can hardly be hear . Sarah hear it too . sarah neighbor ! meg and Sarah leap as one , face the common wall , shout at the top of they lung -- get help , call the police , please , call the police , that sort of thing . they shout and shout , but the soft pound continue , and if they voice be as soft on the other side as the complaining voice be on this side , they have no hope . they voice crack and they begin to cough , too irritate by the gas to shout for very long . Long after they stop , the soft pounding from next door continue . they plea be not hear . int . master bedroom - night the intruder have stop they racket too , and be listen carefully at the common wall . eventually , the soft pounding stop , the complain voice complain no more . burnham stand there , in pain . thing be fall apart . raoul stand in the doorway , silhouett by the hallway light . he draw himself up to he full , bulky height . he 's big . raoul ( to junior ) we be gonna talk . downstair . junior nod and start out . raoul let he pass , but when burnham try to follow he , raoul put a big hand on he chest stop he . raoul you stay . make sure she do not come out . burnham swallow . but stay . raoul turn , follow junior downstairs . as he descend , he look up , make eye contact with burnham . and hold it . something on he mind , that 's for sure . CUT to : int . panic room - night thunk . meg 's head fall back against a wall ; she sag to the floor , leg fold in front of she , completely drain . but Sarah 's not drain , Sarah 's full of nervous ingenuity , rustling around through the stuff in the panic room , a idea form in she head . she find a powerful - look flashlight and load it up with battery . she try it , flash around the room . halogen bulb , very powerful , hurt she mother 's eye as she flash it past . meg watch she . what 's she up to ? Sarah lay on the floor in front of the ventilation tube she discover earlier . she squint through it . through the tube , she can see out of the house , into the courtyard behind the brownstone . about thirty yard away she can see the back of the brownstone on the next block , and directly across ( because the tube do not leave much room for lateral vision ) she can see straight into somebody 's bedroom . there 's a light on . a sleeping man be in bed , a open book on he chest . in the panic room , Sarah sit back . she grab the flashlight , look for a little button on the top , the kind you can flick the flashlight on and off with . shine it on the wall of the panic room , she flash it at a wall , three time , on and off . satisfied , she turn back to the tube . meg , curious , crawl across the floor to join she . Sarah shove the flashlight all the way into the tube , leave enough room on either side of it for they to see through . meg lay down flat , squint into the tube , Sarah alongside she . she look at she daughter , curious -- you plan ? Sarah reach into the tube , find the little flash button on the top of the flashlight . through the tube , the pierce halogen beam begin to flash , across the courtyard and into the bedroom of the man in the bedroom . the light flash on the wall over he bed . the flash be in a rhythm . short. short. short. long. long. long. short. short. short . in the panic room , meg turn to Sarah , impressed . meg morse code ? sarah ( nod ) dot dot dot , dash dash dash , dot dot dot . meg where would you learn s.o.s .? sarah " Titanic . " through the tube , the flash continue -- dot dot dot , dash dash dash , dot dot dot . but the man continue to sleep , the light on the wall behind he have no effect . in the panic room , Sarah be frustrated . she adjust the flashlight . through the tube , the beam of light lower jerkily from the wall until it be shine directly into the sleep man 's eye . in the panic room , Sarah strain to keep the light in that perfect spot . she 's start to sweat . meg lean over , sneak a peek at the watch Sarah wear on she leave wrist . the readout : 114 through the tube , the sleep man stir . open he eye . wince from the light , which be flash directly in he eye . in the panic room , meg get he ! sarah come on , come on ... through the tube , the sleep man sit up . raise a hand , try to block the light , which keep flash on he . he get up , out of bed . he come to the window . in the panic room , meg yes , yes , yes , yes ... Sarah keep it up , flash faster . through the tube , they see the man come all the way to he window . he lean against it , cup he hand so he can see better . the flash continue , right on top of he now . clearly , the man be read the flash ! he take a step back from the window -- -- give they the finger -- -- and angrily yank shut he drape . a moment later , the light go out and the room be black . in the panic room , meg and Sarah drop they head to the carpet , defeat . Sarah roll over , knock the flashlight away , stare up at the ceiling . meg put a hand in she hair . it be a good idea . sarah we be never get out of here . meg shhh ... she look at the wristwatch again . 103 she 's concerned . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night burnham be concerned as well . he 's still in the master bedroom , but barely , he 's stand in the doorway , strain like hell to hear a conversation that junior and raoul be have in the foyer , one floor one . they be try to keep they voice down , but stray word float up through the open stairwell -- word like " he " and " warning " and " dangerous . " burnham chew a fingernail . if only he could get closer . he throw a look back at the door to the panic room . he look back out the bedroom door . listen . int . foyer - night junior and raoul be huddle together in the foyer . they be keep they voice low , but they conversation be heat . junior we be not gonna do anything about he , he 's fine . raoul if you think I be gonna let my half of the fourteen million buck slip away because of -- junior " half ? " what do you , take a nap in math class ? Three people , three share , one third . four point six six six repeat . raoul I be just say , the man be a problem . and he 's you problem . be not I idea to bring he along . junior that 's right , raoul , it be not you idea , none of this be you idea , it be mine , it 's my family we be rip off , it 's my prick grandfather who build that fuck room , it be my idea to get the plan , I find the floor safe , and it be my idea to ask a guy who build this room to help break into one ! I , I , I , I , I , I , at no point do I say " you " or raoul , " get it ? raoul he put he hand on I again I will bury a slug in he ear . junior no , you will not , because without burnham there 's no way in hell we be gonna get into that safe , so as far as I be concerned he can paint you ass blue and run it up a flagpole and you will not lay a finger on he , you understand I ? raoul do not take no tone of voice with I , Homes . junior what be this shit you be talk all of a sudden ? you be a bus driver , " Homes , " you live in flatbush , so please do not start spout some elmore Leonard shit you just hear because I see that movie too , on the video monitor , junior and raoul be visible , still argue in the foyer . on the next monitor over , burnham be visible , stand in the master bedroom doorway , listen . in the panic room , meg be watch the monitor , think . she notice something , sit forward abruptly , look at the monitor that cover the master bedroom . she squeeze right up close , stare at the screen . on the monitor , we peer closely at the box next to she bed , the one she be use for a night table . on top of the box , she see the charge for she cellular phone , sit empty . in the panic room , meg sit back , eye alive with a idea . if only she could get to that phone , which must be still under the bed . she look back at the monitor , at burnham linger in the doorway to the room . meg damn . she turn away from the monitor , to check on Sarah , who 's settle into a corner of the room , look pale . int . master bedroom - night in the bedroom , burnham be desperate . the argument downstairs be enter round two , and he 's get to hear what they be say . he take a few step out of the bedroom -- int . third floor hallway - night -- and come into the hallway . he lean over the stairwell . where he 's stand , he be directly under the camera that cover the hallway -- on the monitor , -- and can not be see on the monitor that cover the hallway . in the panic room , meg turn back from Sarah , to look at the monitor again . she see burnham be no longer in the bedroom . and do not appear to be in the hallway , either . meg oh yes , yes ... she look at another monitor . on the monitor , she see junior and raoul in the foyer . in the panic room , meg sit back . that leave burnham unaccount for . meg ... the hell be he ? in the hallway , burnham be still linger under the camera . in the panic room , Sarah have come forward to the monitor as well . sarah do it . meg yeah , but where 's the third guy ? sarah not in the bedroom . do it ! meg go to the door , raise a hand to the green " open " button . hesitates . in the master bedroom , we see burnham , lurking in the hallway , just about six foot from the door to the panic room . do not open that door ! in the panic room , meg wipe sweat from she palm . meg if it look like I can not get back , just close the door . sarah no . meg Close it ! Sarah nod , look back to the button . in the hallway , a shout curse rise up from downstairs . burnham take a step toward the stair . on the monitor , he suddenly appear , in the hallway . in the panic room , Sarah see it . sarah wait ! meg freeze . she look at the monitor , wide - eye . Close one . in the hallway , burnham can not take it anymore . burnham oh , hell ... he turn and take off down the stair . on the monitor , burnham fly down the stair and appear in the foyer , next to junior and raoul . in the panic room , meg and Sarah see all three man account for , downstairs . sarah go go go ! meg leap up , run to the door , and punch the green button . int . master bedroom - night the door begin to crank open , meg slip through the gap sideways before it 's even all the way open . she dart across the room -- -- slide to the floor next to the bed -- -- and flatten herself , reach underneath it to get the phone . damn , that phone sly far , it 's right in the middle , would not you know it . in the foyer , the three man hear she footstep , as one , they take off for the stair . in the master bedroom , meg continue to stretch , she finger inch from the phone . on the stairwell , foot race up toward she -- in the master bedroom , meg 's fingernails paw the phone , pull it closer to she . she grab it , stand -- in the hallway , the three man come off the stair and race toward she , they see she as she lunge across , toward the panic room , she hurl herself through the door -- in the panic room , -- and Sarah smack the red button . the steel door close with a deafen whang . safe . in the entryway , the echo of the metallic whang reverberate through the house . int . panic room - night in the panic room , meg punch 9 - 1 - 1 on she cell phone with tremble finger . int . master bedroom - night the big empty charge cradle be in the foreground when the three man burst into the room . burnham stop in the middle of the floor , turn in a frantic circle . burnham what would she get , what would she get , what would she get ... his eye fall on the empty charge . burnham cell phone . junior shit ! int . panic room - night meg raise the cell phone to she ear -- -- and get a rapid busy signal . meg oh , no . no , no , no no no no no ... she look at the phone . it 's show just one signal bar , and even that one be flash on and off . meg oh come on , come on , come on ... she walk around the room , raise the phone high and low , try crazily to find a signal . but can not . int . master bedroom - night in the bedroom , burnham stand just outside the door , fingertip lightly rest on it , the ghost of a smile on he face . burnham ( softly ) I do not think we will be talk on we cell phone from in there ... int . panic room - night Inside the room , meg do not seem upset . Rather , she 's stare at the cell phone in she hand , think . remember something . meg wire ... int . master bedroom - night at the same moment , burnham be have the same think . he 's still at the door , fingertip still rest there . burnham phone ... int . panic room - night meg ... wire . int . master bedroom - night burnham look down , at the baseboard below . what be he look at ? int . panic room - night meg step up , onto the shelf she climb earlier , and come up next to the vent . sarah what be you do ? meg I see something , I see ... in the vent , alongside the duct , she see the bundle of multicolor wire she see earlier . meg ... phone wire ! she jump down off the shelf , go to the tool , start search for something . meg I may not have hook up the phone in here , but I hook up the main line , and there 's a jack at the base of this wall outside , I see it ! int . master bedroom - night yes , that be correct , there be in fact a jack in the base of the wall outside the door to the panic room . burnham bend down into frame , study it , think the same thing she be . he clear he throat . burnham say , while we be on the subject of phone ... he turn , look up at junior . burnham when I say cut the line , do you cut the main line at the junction box in the basement like I say , and which I repeat , or do you just cut the cord on the phone in the kitchen ? pause . swallow . junior I , uh , I ... shit . junior ... hit a little snag find the one in the basement . shit . pause . then , as if a start gun have be fire , burnham leap to he foot and race out of the bedroom . int . panic room - night that same start gun have be fire in the panic room . with a strong rip , meg pull the whole bundle of multi color wire out of the wall and drop onto the floor with it . she trust it at Sarah , find a wire cutter in the assort tool , and give she that too . meg Strip them , expose the end , try blue first , blue be phone ! sarah Blue be phone ? meg yes , no , I do not know , do them all ! while Sarah go to work on the wire , meg turn to the phone itself , the one with the bury phone line that be not work yet . she rip the phone out of its housing , tear free the wire on the end of it . int . entry floor - night burnham fly down the stair from the third floor , race across the foyer , fly down the stair to the kitchen floor . int . kitchen - night burnham race across the kitchen floor , whip open a door and head down another , narrow , darken stairway . int . panic room - night meg and Sarah be like animal , claw and tear at the end of they respective phone cable , forego tool and stripping the wire with finger and tooth , it 's faster . with the phone receiver cradle on she shoulder , meg start twist the end of wire onto the expose end of the wire from the phone unit . first wire -- nothing . she try a second wire . int . mechanical room - night burnham slam open the door to a dark room , pull the string on a bare bulb . burn out . burnham God damn it ! without light , he can not see a thing . he smack the bulb , it swing wildly , smashes on the cement wall . he turn and race out of the room . int . panic room - night meg try another wire . still no dial tone . Sarah shove another wire at she . she try again . nothing . she move on . int . live room - night burnham slide to he knee , snatch a flashlight from he duffel , leap up and take off again . int . panic room - night another wire . nothing . another wire . dial tone ! meg shriek and punch 911 . int . stairwell - night burnham fly down the stair , flashlight beam bounce crazily in front of he . int . panic room - night the phone be ringing . a operator pick up . operator 911 emergency -- meg I be at 26 West -- operator -- please hold . it 's a mechanical voice , which give over to muzak . meg no ! int . mechanical room - night burnham bang through the door again , start search the darken mechanical room , shine harsh light around its dingy wall . int . panic room - night muzak continue to play . meg damn it ! no more time to hold . meg hang up the phone , dial another number , a seven digit one she know by heart . sarah call dad ! meg on it ! int . mechanical room - night in the mechanical room , the bounce flashlight beam fall on a metal cabinet across the way . burnham run to it , fling it open . circuit breaker . slam it shut . int . panic room - night meg listen as a phone ring on the other end . and ring . and ring again . this be torture . int . mechanical room - night burnham turn , see another , smaller metal box , this one clearly label : phone int . panic room - night on the other end of the phone , a husky male voice answer ; clearly he 's be awaken . voice hello ? meg listen to I ! there be three -- int . mechanical room - night with a subhuman roar of anger , burnham rip the entire phone panel off the wall with he bare hand . int . panic room - night with a abrupt shriek , the line go dead . meg pause , can not believe it . meg hello ? do not ... be ... she look up , see Sarah look at she , she eyebrow arch , she face all hope . meg keep she cool , but it take a hell of a effort . Sarah read she face . she turn away . she hang up the phone . Sarah go to a corner of the room , face away from she . meg do not know what to say . meg he will do something . sarah uh uh . meg he will know we be in trouble . he hear I , I say " there be three ... " sarah he will not even know who it be . meg what would you think , in the middle of the night ? I mean , three what , three bear ? he will call the police . sarah stop it . meg he 's just across the park , this be why we get place so close to each other , in case we need each other , we be still a family , he will help we ... sarah he -- meg he will . she practically shout . Sarah drop she head into she arm . meg I be sorry . sarah I be sorry . meg why ? sarah I be try not to tell you ... meg what ? sarah I be dizzy and thirsty . meg blanch . this be very bad news . int . master bedroom - night tire , burnham drag himself back up the stair and into the doorway of the master bedroom . raoul and junior stand there , stare at he . Long pause . junior she 's never come out . burnham hey . junior and we be never get in . burnham do I a favor and do not talk . junior Jesus , what be I think ? int . panic room - night meg have tear open one of the water packet and be try to get Sarah to drink , but the little girl have go completely pale and seem to have lose some of the strength in she neck , she 's have trouble hold she head up . most of the water run down she chin . meg come on , come on ... stay with I ... you gotta drink ... she take Sarah 's hand , check she wristwatch thing . the readout be now 82 she swallow . she grab Sarah by the face . meg okay , listen , honey , you go double digit here , you must have be shoot out adrenaline like crazy , we gotta bring you blood sugar back up , okay ? can you hear I ? sarah I be dizzy , not deaf . meg hey , she 's still a smart ass , excellent sign . do you see any sugar in here ? any candy bar , anything sweet ? sarah huh uh . meg okay , you just gotta calm yourself down , that 's all , just stay calm and you adrenaline will go back to normal and you will be fine . sarah what if I keep drop ? meg not a option . sarah what if I do ? int . master bedroom - night in the bedroom , junior have have enough . junior we be leave . raoul the hell we be . burnham hey man , after all we go through I be not walk out when we be this close . junior Close ? be you insane ? we be nowhere near close ! fuck this , I will make a anonymous phone call on Monday , they will find the floor safe , and I will inherit the shit . Little piece of it , anyway , it 's better than nothing . burnham what about we ? junior think , then pull out he wallet . he thrust a fistful of bill at they . junior here . for you time . they both just stare at he . junior five hundred buck here . neither one of they move to take it . junior shurg , drop it on the floor . junior suit yourself . raoul nobody leave . junior observe . he head for the door , expect raoul to block he , but as he draw close -- -- raoul just step out of the way . junior pass through and head for the stair . burnham we be not leave . I be get in that room , and I be open that safe . junior lookin ' doubtful there , Big guy , but ten out of ten for attitude . and he disappear , down the stair , burnham still plead with he . int . panic room - night meg rifle the foodstuff that be store in the room . Sarah , in the corner , be start to tremble . sarah what if I spazz out ? meg ( force calm ) no biggie , we have be through it a dozen time , I just jab you with the glucogen . pause . she keep look . sarah where be the glucogen ? meg oh , you know , it 's uh ... it 's in the little fridge in you room . sarah ( pause ) I be sorry , Mom . meg hey , quit apologize , you be start to sound like grandma . you be not gonna have a attack . okay ? sarah okay . she lay back , oddly passive , she lip change color . she stare at the monitor . int . live room - night junior stride into the live room , purposefully . he toss some tool into he duffel bag and head for the stair down to the kitchen . burnham be behind he . burnham would you wait ? would you please just wait a minute ? but junior head down . burnham follow . raoul be just come down from upstairs . int . kitchen - night junior reach the door of the kitchen , try to open it , realize it 's screw shut . he take out a screwdriver and start unscrew the screw . burnham stop at the stairway . burnham you walk out that door and you lose you share of the money . junior yeah , whatever . burnham I mean it ! junior adios . he get the last screw out , throw open the door , and blast of wind gust in , it 's a blustery night out there , he take a step into the doorway -- -- and with a quiet pffft from right behind burnham , a bullet whizze across the kitchen and hit junior in the back of the head . he crumple , right in the open kitchen doorway . burnham shout incoherently and turn . raoul be stand there , two step up , a silencer twisted onto the barrel of he gun . raoul nobody leave . int . panic room - night Sarah be stare at the video monitor , eye wide . she raise one tremble finger , point at the kitchen monitor , try to mouth the word , can not . meg look up . int . kitchen - night burnham be freaking out , but try to stay calm . burnham oh God ... oh , my God ... raoul walk past he calmly , grab junior by the ankle , and drag he back into the house . he turn , look at burnham , whose jaw be drop in horror . raoul you should see the look on you face . burnham the fuck do you do that for ?! raoul fuckin ' asshole , think he know I . drive he german car up to 125th Street a couple of time , busy a few round , think he 's a tough guy , think he know I . ( to the corpse ) you do not know one thing about I ! while burnham stare down at the body in shock and raoul stare at burnham , he back to the outside , a small , thin voice come from the still - open doorway . voice what the h -- they turn . a man , fiftyish , stand there in hastily throw on clothes , stare down at the dead body in mute shock . int . panic room - night meg , watch the monitor with Sarah , gasp as she see the man , whose name be harris . while she and Sarah watch -- on the monitor , -- they see the silent image of Harris , set upon by raoul , who grab he roughly and drag he inside . burnham hurry to the door -- int . kitchen - night -- and slam it shut . he put he back to it , think , terrify , thing be spin out of control , fast . raoul , in the middle of the kitchen floor , be venting some more of he rage on Harris , whom he have hurl to the floor . he land a solid boot in the side of Harris 's head , leave he groaning in pain , completely disorient . Harris roll groggily into the spread pool of blood come from underneath junior . burnham stop it ! stop it ! raoul ( turn on he ) who 's the clown now ? huh ?! who 's the fuck clown now ?! he pull he gun , shove it into burnham 's eye , hard , we can hear the faint sizzle of skin burn . burnham me. I be . raoul that 's right . burnham Burning I . it 's burn my eye . raoul I have the gun . burnham yes . raoul remember that . burnham please ... raoul pull the gun back , just a inch . the skin around burnham 's eye be a angry red . his eye dart , strain to look over at Harris , moaning on the floor . and at junior , dead . burnham what ? what do you want I to do ? raoul what do you think ? get we into that room . burnham I can not . raoul push the gun barrel back into burnham 's eye socket . raoul you can . you be full of idea . you just need to squeeze one out . burnham I can not ... raoul you get till the count of three . then you end up like he . he tilt he head over to junior , whose brain be spread out on the kitchen floor . raoul one. squeeze . burnham this be ridiculous ... raoul two. squeeze harder . burnham I can not just ... raoul th -- burnham okay , okay ! okay . raoul you get a idea ? burnham yeah . yeah , I get a idea . I gotta check something . raoul grunt , satisfied . pull the gun back . burnham slide away , shaking . he bend down , to the floor . he look at Harris 's leave hand . at he index finger . he see a white strip of skin , where Harris wear he wedding ring , until recently . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night Harris , still semi-conscious , be hurl against the metal door of the panic room . he collapse at its base . burnham , bend down next to he . burnham okay , look . I know you can hear I . you wife and kid be in there . you be gonna get them to come out . or -- he look up at raoul , hulk overhead , gun in hand . burnham or I can not stop what he 's gonna do . do you understand ? Harris , regain some semblance of consciousness , nod feebly . burnham good . burnham stand up , turn to the video camera , and shout . burnham OPEN the GOD damn door ! int . panic room - night Sarah and meg see the horrifying sight on the video monitor . int . master bedroom - night burnham shout at the door to the room . burnham OPEN up ! on the monitor , they see burnham , stand over Harris ; they faintly hear he call to they to open the door . and then they hear another voice , call back to they . Sarah sit up , recognize she father 's voice . sarah ( o.s. ) daddy ! int . master bedroom - night Harris be shout against the close door . harris don't do it ! no matter what happens , don't OPEN the door ! don 't o -- he 's silence by a vicious kick to the rib . raoul begin to beat he . burnham stand by , powerless , horrify , watch as raoul savage Harris , who continue to call out , as long as he have strength , tell meg not to open the door , no matter what . int . panic room - night meg and Sarah shout in horror , she cover she daughter 's face , turn she away from the screen , scream in incoherent anger of she own . but she do not open the door . int . master bedroom - night burnham shout at raoul , plead . burnham stop it , man , stop it , that be he kid in there , he kid be watching this !! but raoul whip the gun up , into burnham 's throat , back he off , shutting he up . he resume he pound of Harris . burnham turn , look up at the camera in the corner of the room . he can not stand it anymore . he whip off he jacket , run to the camera , and cover the lens . int . panic room - night while meg watch , the monitor that cover the master bedroom abruptly go black , mercifully spare they the sight of Harris 's beat . she hold Sarah , who 's sobbing , shaking . int . master bedroom - night Harris finally lapse into unconsciousness . raoul stand over he , chest heaving . burnham stand in the doorway , neither in nor out of the room , a silhouette , head hang . int . panic room - night meg try desperately to see something on the bedroom monitor , but it 's hopeless , it 's cover . on the hallway monitor , she can just see shadow , as two man in the bedroom lift a third off the floor and carry he across the room . a sudden beeping sound tear she attention away . still hold Sarah , she pull she back , off she shoulder . her face be completely white , she lip blue , she eye roll back into she head . the beeping sound grow louder , she check Sarah 's wristwatch , the read be dire : 57 meg gasp , horrify . meg oh God , oh my God ... Sarah begin to convulse , she buck right out of meg 's arm and fall back onto the floor of the panic room . meg clear everything away from she , try to make room for she . the convulsion worsen . meg search through the pile of supplies , come up with a plastic-handled screwdriver . she open Sarah 's jaw , wedge the plastic handle between she tooth . she help Sarah ride out the convulsion . finally , she eye roll back into she head , she slowly re-orient herself . Sarah reach over , turn off she still - beeping wristwatch / monitor herself . Sarah sigh , a shudder sigh of relief , but she be nowhere near normal . her skin have pass through white and be turn a sallow yellow color . she move she lip , meg can not hear she , she bend down : sarah you gotta jab I , mommy ... meg turn , look back at the monitor . what she see be good news -- on the monitor , the jacket have be remove from the bedroom camera . burnham and raoul be go , the only person there be harris , who lie slump on the far side of the bed . in the panic room , meg look quickly over at the monitor for the live room . on that monitor , she see burnham and raoul have a urgent conversation , burnham sit in a chair , raoul pace in front of he , ranting . in the panic room , meg 's face light up , she practically laugh , she 's so overjoy at this turn of event . she turn , look back at Sarah , who be start to tremble again . that do it . meg leap up , hit the button that control the steel door , and it start to crank open , almost impossibly slowly . int . master bedroom - night meg step out of the panic room , into the master bedroom . she look at Harris , on the bed . with he back to she she can not even tell if he 's alive or dead , but first thing must be first , so she turn and race out of the room . int . hallway - night meg fly up the stair , bare foot on padded carpet . int . live room - night in the live room , raoul look up , hearing the pitter - pat of she foot on the stair above . he smile and pull he ski mask back on , to cover he face . come around behind he , we see burnham sit in the chair . except it be not burnham at all , it 's Harris , unconscious , wear burnham 's shirt . and if Harris be the person in the chair , that mean -- int . master bedroom - night -- the person on the bed in the bedroom be burnham , wear Harris 's shirt . his eye pop open , he sit up , see the wide open door to the panic room . int . sarah' bedroom - night meg race into Sarah 's bedroom and tear open the door of a mini-fridge . Inside be dozen of little bottle of insulin and something call glucogen . she grab a bottle of glucogen and a black leather pouch and take off . int . hallway - night as meg near the bottom of the stair , she see a horrifying sight . it 's raoul , ski mask over he face , stand in the doorway of the master bedroom . she scream , he slam the door , she take off down the hall , reach the end , throw the door open -- int . master bedroom - night -- and race into the master bedroom , where raoul be motor , fast , head for the panic room , where she can already see burnham , stand in the middle of the open doorway , in front of Sarah , wear Harris 's shirt and a grim " trick you " expression . meg hurl herself at raoul , land cling to he back . she claw and wrestle with he , get one hand on he ski mask , tear it from he head . he reach up to try to stop she from pull it off -- -- he gun slip from he finger , fall to the floor -- -- and carom off he boot , spin across the floor away from they . raoul flip she off he back violently , she crunch to the floor , clutching he mask and get a good long look at he face . he make a move toward he gun , but she 's faster , she 's already paw herself frantically across the hardwood toward it . raoul measure the distance , know he will lose , and sprint for the panic room instead . meg turn , look down at the medicine in she hand , then at the door to the panic room , where raoul be right now reach up to push the button that control the steel door . she make a fast decision and lunge , hurl the plastic bottle of glucogen and the black leather pouch through the gap just before -- -- the spring - load steel door slam shut with tremendous ferocity . and then it 's silent . meg wail in agony , pound on the door . she stand back , chest heaving , sobbing . a looooo moment go by . finally , a voice come over the house 's intercom system . raoul ( o.s. ) ( calmly ) if you leave the house , we will kill she . meg sob . raoul ( o.s. ) if I see a uniform in the house , we will kill she . meg oh ... oh ... raoul ( o.s. ) you understand ? on the monitor , meg look up at the camera in the master bedroom . she nod , terrify . in the panic room , burnham push past raoul , at the speaker button , and lean forward . he 's approach exhaustion . burnham ( into speaker ) I just ... I just need forty - five minute . raoul stand behind he , mutter to himself . raoul saw my face , man . saw my face . on the monitor , we see meg 's face , agonize , as she lunge toward the camera , scream something up at it , the same thing , over and over . but in here she voice be nearly mute , what bleed through the wall be not enough to be hear . in the panic room , raoul look at she image on the monitor , irritate . raoul shut up . in the master bedroom , we abruptly hear she voice , full - throat . meg ( shouting into the camera ) -- cine , she need the medicine ! give her the -- in the panic room , Sarah shiver in a corner , knee pull up to she chest , stare at the intruder , scared out of she wit , and look very , very sick . burnham look at she , muster the most reassure face he can come up with under the circumstance . burnham it 's gonna be cool , kid . be outta here before you know it . no response from Sarah . burnham cock a head , really look at she . burnham be you okay ? raoul hurry up , for Christ 's sake ! burnham turn , grab he satchel , and drop to he knee in the middle of the floor . over he shoulder , we can see the face of meg on one of the monitor , shouting into the camera , begging they to give Sarah she medicine . use he hand , burnham measure six length in from the wall , then dig he fingernails into the weave of the carpet , look for a seam . he find one , get hold of it on one edge , and run he other hand along the seam till he find a place where it seem to turn a corner . he stand , hover over the carpet , and pull back evenly with both hand . the conceal carpet flap pull back neatly , with the soft sound of tear velcro . underneath the flap -- -- be the smooth metal door of a floor safe . burnham unsnap he satchel and give it a shove . it roll out and open up onto the floor , revealing a neat array of safecrack tool . he begin he delicate work , but be suddenly jarre by a pounding on the metal door . he turn , annoyed . meg be still scream outside the door . burnham the hell do she want ? raoul I do not know , she keep screamin ' the same thing over and over . burnham turn , look at the monitor . on the monitor , meg be stare up at the camera , miming the act of give herself a injection in the arm . in the panic room , raoul laugh . raoul drug . she want drug . what the fuck ? but burnham think . his eye fall on the bottle and the leather pouch she hurl through the door , then whip over to Sarah , who sag over into a fetal position on the floor . her lip be move . burnham oh , man ... he crawl over to Sarah , put he ear down next to Sarah 's lip . burnham what be it ? Sarah try to summon enough strength to speak , but she breath come hard . sarah I need ... burnham yeah ? sarah ... ' jection ... burnham a injection ? Sarah nod . burnham point to the pouch and the glucogen , on the floor nearby . burnham that stuff ? Sarah nod again . burnham can you do it yourself ? Sarah shake she head no . burnham well , I do not know how . Sarah look at he , eye plead . raoul stand behind burnham . raoul I do not fuck believe this . ( to Sarah ) you gotta wait . Sarah just look at burnham . please . burnham yeah , just like a half hour , maybe a little more , and you mom will give it to you . you can wait a half hour , can not you ? raoul yeah . she can . she 's fine , she 's just like , tired , she 's gotta rest . you rest , kid . half a hour . Sarah look terrify , shaking she head no . raoul come on . he start to pull burnham away , but burnham shake he hand off , violently . he bend down very close to Sarah 's lip . burnham tell I the truth , okay ? what 's gonna happen if you do not get this ? Sarah swallow , lick she crack lip . when she speak , it 's breathy , almost inaudible . but the word be clear . sarah coma . die. int . master bedroom - night see from overhead , meg pace in the master bedroom , out of she mind with worry , no idea how to communicate to the people in the room the desperate situation . suddenly , a voice come over the intercom speaker . burnham ( o.s. ) I understand . I will give she the shot . int . panic room - night a hand come down into frame and pick up the glucogen and the leather pouch . burnham stand , look down at they . raoul grab he , pull he to the far end of the room . raoul you be waste you fuck time , man , you be waste my time . you do not know how to do this , and the longer we stay in here , the more likely she 's gonna lose it and call the cop ! burnham be you gonna open the safe ? raoul look at he . burnham then shut up and get out of my way . as burnham cross the room , raoul make eye contact with Sarah , who be stare at he . raoul do not look at I . across the room , burnham drop to he knee next to Sarah and unzip the pouch . burnham okay , kid , all I know about this be what I have see on tv , you gotta talk I through it . Sarah try to form word , but she 's too weak . burnham swallow . burnham okay . no talk . no problem . tv do not lie , right ? he reach into the pouch , take out a syringe , a sterile pad , and a length of rubber tub . he take Sarah 's arm , stretch it out , expose the underside of she forearm . burnham you seem like a good kid . you mom ... only see she for a second , but , woah . beautiful , huh ? no answer . burnham tie the rubber tub around Sarah 's arm , pull it tight . burnham hey , nod or something , show I you be still alive , will ya ? Sarah nod . burnham attagirl . that too tight ? Sarah shake she head no . burnham take the syringe , start to fill it from the glucogen bottle . burnham you guy be pretty rich , huh ? Sarah shrug . while burnham go through the process of find a expose vein and give the injection itself , he go on , as much to comfort Sarah as to comfort himself : burnham yeah , you do not think about that stuff . good for you . he look at she , see she look at he . think about he . burnham I know , I know . I really screw the pooch this time . I never do anything like this before . break into somebody 's house ? not even close . bad card , kid . I swear to God , I be on the wrong end of maybe six straight year of bad card . House . car. wife. ( snap he finger -- go ) that be some seriously bad card . and still , every time I pick up a fresh hand I swear to God , the rush come so hot and prickly I feel it right down to my toe because this time , this one time , it might be there , this time it might be that hand , that perfect hand , that monster hand . ( shake he head ) and you think you be sick . the shot successfully give , he pull Sarah 's sleeve back down . burnham feel better ? Sarah nod , and she seem better already . burnham help she to sit up , to lean against the wall . burnham woulda be a hell of a dad . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night a voice come over the intercom in the master bedroom . it 's raoul . raoul ( o.s. ) she 's okay . now sit down and wait . he click off . meg be hugely relieved . and extremely piss off . she go to the corner of the room and pick up the gun , the one that raoul drop . she head downstairs . int . panic room - night spark fly as burnham go to work on the floor safe with a small , specialize drill . raoul bend down next to he . raoul congratulation . you save she life for ten minute . burnham look up at he -- what ? but raoul turn and walk away . burnham go back to work . int . live room - night meg be in the live room , with Harris , who be still slouched in the chair . he 's in awful shape , barely conscious . out of the silence , a sudden , deafen sound . the doorbell . her eye go wide . she dart a look over to the door ( the one that lead to the stoop , not the bloody kitchen door downstairs ) , then back at Harris . harris Police . meg ( gasp ) you call the police ? he nod . harris you ... scared ... shit . this be exactly what she pray for he to do , now it 's the worst thing that could happen . she stand , think , desperate . she walk toward the door , stop , think some more . the doorbell ring again . she come up with a plan . she go back to where Harris be in the chair , pull the chair back a few foot , out of view of the door . she put the gun in he lap , put he hand over it to steady it . she lean down , whisper to he . meg do not . say . a word . he nod . meg take a breath , walk across the foyer , tousle she hair as she go . in the panic room , raoul be stare at the monitor , aghast . raoul Holy shit ... holy shit ... burnham race over , look over he shoulder . one monitor cover the front stoop , and on that monitor they can clearly see two uniformed cop . raoul she 's fuckin ' crazy , she kill the kid ! she just kill she own kid ! burnham it 's not she fault , it 's not she fault , the guy must have call they . look , look , look , she 's tell we . he point to another monitor , the one in the foyer , where meg be look up at the camera , miming to they -- do not worry , I will take care of this . burnham she 's gonna handle it . raoul she better . int . entry floor - night meg 's shaking hand rise up to the doorknob and pull open the big front door . on the stoop , the two cop turn to look at she . she act as if she 's just be awaken . she look it , too , still in T-shirt and boxer short . the wind be gusty and cold outside . meg yeah ? cop 1 everything okay ? meg huh ? cop 2 be you all right ? meg what be you guy -- what time be it ? cop 1 ' Bout four o'clock . meg I do not get it . cop 2 we get a call ... cop 1 look at he . cop 2 stop talk . meg somebody call you ? cop 1 can we come in ? meg what do you want ? cop 1 we would like to come in . meg no , you can not come in . cop 2 be you okay ? meg I be fine . cop 1 can we come in ? meg stop ask I that . I be fine . who call you ? cop 1 you do not look so good . meg you wake I out of a sound sleep at four in the morning and then tell I I look like hell ? of course I look like hell , you do not look so hot yourself , Jack . I be freezing here , thank you for check , can I go ? cop 1 study she , notice the burn sleeve of she T-shirt , the black smudge still on she face . cop 1 you husband say you say " there be three ... " right before you get cut off . meg oh , that phone call ... cop 1 take a step forward and lower he voice to just above a whisper , unconsciously make she lean forward in order to hear he . cop 1 ma'am , if there 's something you want to say to we right now that maybe you can not say to we right now , maybe you just want to make a signal , by blink a few time , something like that . she just look at he . wow , this guy 's intuitive . she be sorely tempt . but she can not . cop 1 that 's something you could do . safely . she think , think -- -- and burst out laugh . meg man , you be good ! you mean , like , if somebody be in the house or something ? that 's great , they really train you guy this day , do not they ? cop 1 look at she , not sure if he believe she or not . meg no. I be fine . Cross my heart . cop 2 turn to go , but cop 1 linger . cop 1 May I ask what the rest of that sentence be go to be ? meg ( stalling ) huh ? cop 1 the sentence that start " there be three . " what be the rest ? pause . she stare at he . meg okay , look . my husband and I just break up . it 's my first night in the new house , and I be feel a little lonely and a little drunk . the sentence , if you insist on know , be go to be " there be three thing I will do for you if you come over right now and get in bed with I . " cop 2 stifles a laugh . meg but thank God I come to my sense before I say all that and hang up instead , so nobody would ever know what I be think , unless , of course , two policeman show up in the middle of the night to interrogate I about it . that be good . cop 1 be embarrassed . cop 2 think it 's funny . cop 2 you want she to show you which three thing , Rick , or should we just go ? cop 1 look at meg , a long look , he hold it for one last moment , try to read she mind . on the monitor , we see the video image of the cop as they turn and head away down the front step . meg close the door , look up into a camera , right at we . in the panic room , burnham and raoul breathe a sigh of relief . burnham go back to work on the safe . he 's make progress . raoul look at Sarah . stare actually . he 's think too . bad thought . he move over , crouch down next to burnham . raoul she see my face . the kid too . Sarah overhear that . she raise she head , alarmed . burnham turn , look over at she , and she just get she head back down in time . burnham and raoul close themselves off , for a private conversation . Sarah edge closer . she overhear a fragment . burnham that 's you problem . raoul that 's they problem . Sarah be terrify . do not know what to do . she look to she immediate leave , see the intercom panel . she edge closer . burnham let I fuck finish this so we can get out of here . raoul you finish . then we finish . Sarah sneak up a hand and push a button -- " all page . " int . live room - night in the live room , there be a audible click as the speaker be activate . meg look up , hear burnham 's voice , in the middle of a sentence . burnham ( o.s. ) -- pose to mean ? raoul ( o.s. ) you be here with I , you be already on the hook for one . buy one , you get the rest for the same price . you know that . burnham ( o.s. ) get the fuck away from I . raoul ( o.s. ) the kid in here . the other two when we come out . meg listen , horrify . int . panic room - night Sarah hold the intercom button down with a tremble finger . burnham bullshit . raoul you know how this gotta end . int . live room - night meg stare , in shock , as raoul 's voice echoe in the empty room . raoul ( o.s. ) they stay in the house . there in a abrupt click , and the speaker turn off . meg turn , go to Harris , fall to she knee , no idea what to do . she hold he close , they forehead touch . she 's terrify , exhaust , want to collapse in he arm . instead , she start to pull the gun from he finger . he tighten he grip , what be you do ? he try to hold onto the gun , but she pull he finger off it , take it away from he . he be too weak to resist . CUT to : int . panic room - night in the panic room , Sarah have she hand clamp over she ear , she mouth be wide open , and a hideous metal shriek seem to be come out of it . but the shriek be actually come from the safe , where burnham continue to work , another drill , a bigger bit . the noise be deafen . on the monitor , Sarah see she mother approach the monitor in the bedroom , carry a jacket . meg toss the jacket , this time she do not want they to see what she 's do . the monitor go black . int . master bedroom - night in the master bedroom , meg pull on a pair of jeans that be hang over a chair . she step into a pair of boot . she shove the gun into she belt . here in the bedroom , she can hear the drill . from the house next door , she hear pounding again , more muffled curse . apparently the neighbor can hear the drill too . meg look from the wall of the bedroom to the wall of the panic room . her eye light up with a idea . she go to the front wall of the bedroom , stand with she back against the exterior wall ( street side ) , with she leave shoulder against the common wall that 's share with the neighbor 's brownstone . she begin to step off the distance , heel to toe , measure with she foot until she reach the metal door that be the entrance to the panic room . meg fourteen . she hurry out of the bedroom . what 's she do ? int . library - night meg come into a small room full of empty bookshelve , a library . there be a window that look out over the sidewalk , one floor up , same level as the stoop . she look up , into the corner of the room . meg no camera , no camera , no camera ... they be bare , no video camera . good . she go to the window , try to open it . screw shut , of course . int . panic room - night the safe be almost crack . raoul be watch the monitor carefully . on the monitor , we see meg as she search through the tool in the live room , find a screwdriver , a sledgehammer . in the panic room , raoul furrow he brow . now what ? int . library - night meg be back in the library , hurriedly unscrew the window . she get the last screw out , shove the window up . the wind blast in , it 's a hell of a spooky night out there . she lean out the window . we lean with she . the sidewalk be empty ( we see it only from we vantage point inside the house ) . she 's one floor up . to she right be the house 's front stoop . she toss the sledgehammer over , onto the stoop . climb up onto the window ledge , and slither out herself . we lean further , watch she as she edge along the ledge , hop down onto the stoop , and freeze , stare in horror -- -- at the video camera that cover the front stoop . on the monitor , we see she stare straight up at the camera , clearly stand on the front stoop , outside the house , where she be specifically tell not to go . in the panic room , Sarah see the image of she on the stoop . raoul happen to be look away at the moment , at the safe , but he start to turn around , to look at the monitor again -- -- and Sarah kick he , hard , in the ass . raoul hey ! he turn , away from the monitor . sarah sorry . can not control it sometimes . raoul scowl at she . behind he -- on the monitor , meg dart down the front step and disappear from view on the monitor . in the panic room , Sarah see she mother go . sarah ( to raoul ) wo not happen again . int . library - night still lean out the window , we can see meg from here as she reach the sidewalk and run up the front step of the neighbor 's house , which be contiguous . strain to see ( yet stay in the house ) , we see meg all the way at the right edge of the frame , as she shift the gun to the back of she pants and knock on the neighbor 's door , sledgehammer hold slightly behind she leg . after a long moment , we hear the neighbor 's front door open . the conversation begin . the wind be gust right in we face , we can not make out the detail , but the gist be clear -- let I into you house , and do not as I a lot of question . the neighbor -- and by the tone of the voice it sound like a old woman -- be slow to respond , grumpy . lose patience , meg just pull the neighbor out of the way and shove into the house . the neighbor stumble out onto she front stoop , and we be right , it 's a old lady in a nightgown , but she 's no shrink violet . in fact , she 's royally piss off and not at all intimidate . neighbor what the hell do you think you be do , young lady ?! she storm back into she house , follow meg . as both of they disappear from the frame , we move out of the library , into the foyer , and move along the common wall , the one share with the neighbor 's brownstone . from the other side of the wall , we can hear muffle voice , argue , meg and the neighbor shouting at each other . we drift up , up the stair , and hear the thundering of footstep on the stair next door . we keep pace with they , from inside this house . we pass right through the floor -- int . master bedroom - night -- and rise up out of the floor in the master bedroom , and now we can hear the conversation on the other side of the wall in here , the neighbor 's fearful , angry tone , meg 's firm , urgent declaration . we move with meg , even though we can not see she , we know what she 's do , she 's step off the pace on the other side of the wall . we drift down that wall , fourteen step , until we reach the metal door to the panic room , then we pass through that door -- int . panic room - night -- and arrive inside the panic room , where burnham be this close to get the safe open , when all of a sudden -- whomp . crunch . burnham and raoul freeze , alarmed . it 's come from the long wall , the share wall . they look at each other . whomp . crunch . they look at the wall . somebody be on the other side , pound like hell . raoul the wall be steel , right ? burnham not that one . raoul not that one ?! burnham hey man , it 's the neighbor 's house , who break in through the neighbor 's house ?! whomp ! crunch ! louder . closer . burnham turn , scream at the wall . burnham who the fuck break in through the neighbor's house ?! raoul we have get the kid ! ( shouting at the wall ) we've got you kid !! what the fuck be she think ?! whomp ! crunch ! burnham she 's get you gun , that 's what she 's think ! the fuck you have to bring a gun for ?! burnham throw himself back on the floor , go back to work on the safe . fire up the drill again , it scream into the metal . burnham almost there ... the pounding keep up from next door . we hear sheetrock tear away on the far side . brick , scraping out of place . Sarah , in the corner , be energize , excited . while burnham and raoul be distract , she grab the leather pouch , palm the three syringe that be leave in there . burnham almost there ... finally , the door to the safe crunch in on one side , yield to the drilling -- -- at the very moment that the head of a sledgehammer crash through the wall of the panic room . raoul grab hold of Sarah , burnham maintain he focus , throw open the safe , revealing -- -- nothing . crunch ! the sledgehammer head strike again , open up a hole about a foot across . Light spill through from the other side , as well as the voice of the hysterical neighbor . raoul hurl Sarah against the far wall , leap over to the side of the hole , and wait , poise above it . at the safe , burnham do not lose he cool , just open a false bottom in the safe , revealing a manila envelope . he snatch it up , rip it open , and he eye dance as he hold up fourteen individual one million dollar u,s , treasury bearer bond . he fan they out , eye drink from he grail . bang ! a gunshot whizze right through one of the bond , set it aflame before it slam into the far wall , send up a little cloud of plaster dust . burnham jesus ! he whirl , see a arm poke through the hole in the wall , gun extend . but raoul be stand just above the hole , and already have he boot raise , over the hand . he bring it down , a crunching blow that stomp right on meg 's wrist . meg scream , lose she grip on the gun , and it clatter into the space between the house . between the wall , the gun fall into oblivion , the space between the wall , where no one can get to it . in the panic room , burnham shove the loose bond into he jacket . burnham I got the money , let' go !!! raoul grab Sarah and turn , jab the green button to open the door . behind they , meg scream in anger and wriggle through the open . before she 's even all the way through , she get hold of raoul 's leg and pull herself into the panic room , scraping and bloody herself on the edge of the too-small hole . burnham go , let' go , outta here !! but raoul be deep in a violent rage . still hold Sarah with one hand , he bend down , grab meg by the hair , and drag she toward the doorway . raoul you know how this be gonna go ! burnham fuck you , i'm gone ! he bolt out of the room , through the metal door , which be just finish its slow crank open , its heavy spring coiling in the wall . raoul drag meg across the floor by the hair , right into the track of the open steel door . she look up , see the infrared safety beam over she head , and realize with horror what he intention be . still with one arm hold Sarah , who be kick and struggle viciously , raoul hold meg 's head down on the floor , below the safety beam that would prevent the door from close . he reach for the " close " button . Sarah raise she arm , stuff with three syringe , and jab they into raoul 's neck . raoul scream in pain . meg manage to raise she head , break the beam . int . hallway - night on the stairwell , burnham , stop , freeze , he face twitching with indecision . he hear the murder take place just above he . he run down three step . stop again . run down the rest of the stair . int . master bedroom - night raoul stretch to push the red " close " button for the door , but he have to hold meg 's head down , out of the lower beam with one hand , all with Sarah savagely attack he at the same time , and three syringe hang out of he neck . finally , he get meg 's head all the way down , onto the floor . look up , meg see the red beam become complete again . raoul jab the button -- -- just as Sarah throw she hand into the upper beam , the one at shoulder level . Sarah 's hand turn red , the beam be break , the door will not close . raoul roar in anger and twist violently , send Sarah fly across the room . meg strain , get she head off the floor again , break the beam . raoul start jam the close button , over and over again , the beam complete , then break , complete , then break , never the button and the beam at the same time . but it can not go on forever . meg 's tiring , she can not keep it up , she head tremble -- -- and collapse onto the floor . the beam complete -- -- raoul smack the red button -- -- and burnham appear on the other side of the door . he reach in , grab hold of raoul , to pull he off she , but raoul lose he balance , fall forward -- -- into the gap -- -- and he head be crush by the spring - load steel door that slam forward just as meg draw herself back . meg fall across the panic room , grab Sarah , and hold on tight . the door detect the obstruction and open again , slowly . raoul 's body slump to the floor , dead . burnham stand there , look down at meg and Sarah . they stare at each other , wordless , they first face to face contact . she see the bond protrude from he jacket . she just look at he . there will be no understanding here . he zip he jacket , turn , and hurry away . int . entry floor - night burnham race down the step , hurry to the entry door , throw it open -- -- and find a gun barrel point directly into he nose . he blink , try to focus on whoever 's on the other end of that gun . it 's the cop , the first cop , the one who come to the door and be so suspicious of meg . the cop look down , see blood smear all over burnham 's jacket , see more than enough to know he suspicion be correct . cop 1 put you hand up . burnham freeze , silhouett in the doorway . wind and leave blow into the house , a real gale outside . from behind cop 1 , more cop shout , all at once , must be a half dozen of them there , but burnham can not see anything in the sting light , and can not hear much either , over the roaring wind . burnham move suddenly , fling the door shut right in the cop 's face . the door slam hard , burnham turn to run but do not get more than a few pace before three sharp gunshot crack through the door behind he . brilliant white light spill through the bullethole in the door , but it 's not the light that get you , it 's the chunks of lead . they rip through burnham 's back and come out he chest , a triangle pattern . burnham stop , sag to he knee . he reach into he jacket , pull out the loose stack of bond . he fan they out , stare down at they , hold they like play card . burnham monster hand . behind he , the front door crack open , half a dozen cop appear and start shout , all at once . burnham toss the bond to the floor , the same gesture as fold a hand of poker . he groans and collapse , slowly , fall through the bond , twist as he go down . he slap onto he back in the foyer as the wind gust through the open door , scoops the bond up off the floor , and blow they back into the house , as if they be never mean to leave . burnham lie there on the floor , eye open , stare up at the ceiling , look at the bond that swirl in the blast of air , suspend there , twist and buck and diving just over he head as he die . dissolve to : ext . central park - great lawn - day the swirl bond melt into swirl leave , blow in the air over Central Park on a crisp fall day . the leave float down , over the great lawn , that massive expanse of grass we see in meg 's hallucination . but on a day like this the great lawn 's full of people , throw frisbee , play football , lie there do nothing . the leave land on the grass next to meg and Sarah , stretch out on a blanket , a newspaper spread in front of they , open to the ad . meg be on she back , arm fold behind she head , stare up at the cloud . Sarah be intent on the paper , circle the occasional ad . sarah I mean , uptown be close to dad 's place , but somebody at school say the Village be really cool , so ... I do not know , it 's so great to be close to the park and everything ... what do you think , I mean , give I a clue , here , where be we gonna live ? meg roll over , prop herself up on one elbow . she seem year young . she look at Sarah , reach out , brushes she daughter 's hair behind one ear . she smile . she be calm . behind she , a flock of pigeon take off , leaping into the clear autumn sky . fade out .