" panther " screenplay by melvin Van peebles 1995 blackout the screen stand black , like a chalkboard ... or a grave . a SOUND build , like a radio surfing channel . snippet of song -- Joan baez ' " blowin ' in the wind , " James Brown 's " I feel good . " the music of a different time . footage image hit the screen : rosa park , peace demonstrator stuff flowers in the barrel of National Guard rifle . protester in Birmingham , rally on the White House lawn . mix in with the music come news bite -- quick catchword of 60' turmoil -- " more troops to Vietnam , " " Bus boycott , " " sit in , " " draft dodger , " " malcolm X speak . " then a single photo settles on screen -- a row of black panther , fist raise , stand defiantly together . the image freeze . voice ( over ) the Black panther . as the photo fade , light appear . a shape take form . the BAY bridge arc over silent water , span two world . voice ( over ) people still ask I how it all start ? how thing go so far ? and like a lot of question about the panther , there be different answer . different beginning ... rising behind the voice , the noise of a crowd can be hear . voice ( over ) what become the Black panther really start with just two guy -- Bobby seale and huey Newton -- say two word : '' defend yourselves ... " legend have it they meet at some coffee house where Bobby be run down a xhyme ... CUT to : ext . coffee shop ( black / white ) - 1966 - day title : MARCH 17 , 1965 bobby seale -- a skinny , kinetic black man sport a afro -- teeter on a chair in front of a small crowd . he read from a crumpled sheaf of papers . at the side of the crowd , huey newton -- well - build , magnetic watch , groove on the rhythm of the word . bobby oh yeah . yeah it 's easy to see right on you black and white tv . Black man . Blue cop . Red blood . niggers watch other nigger die . that 's right niggers watch nigger die . that 's the american way ... a commotion start at the rear of the crowd . two uniformed cop roughly make they way to Bobby . they pull he off he chair , crack he head against the ground . the cop over Bobby raise he nightstick ... a black hand grab the club , stop its arc . shock , the cop turn . it 's huey . with hone precision , he deck the cop with he free hand . CUT to : int . police car ( black / white ) - 1966 - day bruise and bloody , huey and Bobby sit next to each other as the car move through the street . voice ( over ) Pigs throw they in jail . there they start talk about black folk oughta start stand up . no master plan , no pot to piss in , nothing like that . just two feed - up brother ... next thing you know , you get the Black panther Party for self Defense ... CUT to : blackout again , the screen go black . voice ( over ) for I , it start different . a lot different . you may as well say the panther start in my front yard ... the black screen dissolves into ... ext . close - up : sidewalk - day concrete , crack and dirty , fill the frame . a bicycle whip past , glide down the pavement . title sequence : ext . 55 th and market street - oakland - 1967 - day title : oakland 1967 teeming with life on a bright day , the ghetto move to its own unique cadence . a young boy , no older than ten , pedal down the street on he bicycle . a gust of wind brushes a shapely woman . she grab a hat and hold tight , ignore she dress rise in the wind . the boy ogle she juicy thigh . shapely woman shucks I see you stare , but I be not let go . they hip be almost forty year old but the hat be brand new ! afraid , the boy pass a oakland police car , cruise slowly down market . a white cop scan the street . ext . market STREET - day continue he ride , the boy pass tyrone ( 20' ) -- a tough youth -- who glare at the cop car , leaflet in he hand . ext . market STREET - day black hand pour a can of lemon juice into a bottle of cheap white port . shake the mixture , then swigging it , rose ( 30 's ) a aimless drunk -- pass it to he friend . rose yes indeed , that bitter Dog ... ( to the Boy ) what 's up little brother ? smiling , the young boy wave to the sidewalk drinker , then move on . ext . market STREET - day eye downcast , the boy pass reverend slocum ( 50' ) -- a passionate preacher . ext . market STREET - day on the street corner , sabu ( 20 's ) -- a superfly young hustler with a fast mouth -- try to sell cigarette lighter to a couple of hard hat head off to work . sabu I be tell you , man . the perfect gift for the sophisticated lady in you life . Light up she flame with some solid gold satisfaction and get a second one half price for you wife . can not beat my price with a stick , baby . cy , a large man with a eye-patch , walk up and try , in vain , to get one of sabu 's bogus lighter to light . cy sabu , why be you still tryin' to sell this raggedy ass , non workin ! Korean lighter man ? the hard hat drive off laugh as sabu curse cy out . the boy continue on head for the corner . end title sequence : ext . intersection - 55 th and market street - day suddenly a horn blare , brake screech . brutal , fast , a car plow into the child , send he and the bike bounce against the windshield and back on the pavement , bleed ... dead . ext . apartment house - 55 th STREET - day judge ( 20' ) -- a intense young man wear a fatigue jacket stare numbly at the child in the street . Neighborhood people move toward the scene . a woman , perhaps the boy 's mother , wail next to the body . judge 's Mom , rita ( 50' ) -- raw bone and sharp eye -- stand , draw toward the tragedy . rita oh lord ... not again ... ext . intersection - day a crowd -- include reverend slocum , cy and the drinker -- gather near the child and the wail woman . across from judge , tyrone keep a angry distance from the horror . cy God damn ... kid never have a chance ... rose mothafuck ... hey !!! what the hell !!! the car back up , try to leave the scene . market street regular swarm around the retreate vehicle , hit it with fist , stick , bottle . Young and old move together , they face contort with rage . judge ( over ) people be piss off . Neighborhood have be begging for a stoplight since before dirt be invent . Way I see it then , that boy die be another shitty thing in a world full of shit . CUT to : ext . apartment house - day eye lock on the dead child , judge stand , angry and impassive . judge ( over ) Way I see it now ... that day . that intersection . that 's where it start for I . ( a pause ) only , I do not know it then ... ext . close up : intersection pavement - day running red past a SMALL sneaker foot , blood stream toward the gutter . CUT to : ext . close up : basketball court - night a basketball bounce off the cement , sneakered feet scramble past . ext . basketball court - night judge drive in for a basket , pursue by cy . it 's a friendly three on three street game . the market STREET drinker -- include rose -- fill out cy and judge 's team . Young neighborhood men watch the game and shoot the shit . one of they , jamal , sport a beard and a dashiki . somewhere a radio play James Brown 's " say it loud " ext . basketball court - night gliding around cy , judge sink a basket . rose retrieve the ball . rose you suppose to be a wounded vet , motherfucka . what you do in ' nam anyway , shoot gook or shoot hoop ? judge all of the above , man ... ( a pause ) and then some . shake off the memory , judge take the ball in , passing it to a teammate . the ball arc through the air ... ext . basketball game - night hand grab the ball before the teammate can . tyrone be hand . the game stop dead . tyrone hold the ball , eyeing the player with contempt . at he side stand little bobby ( 16 ) hyper , childlike . tyrone tell I , do not you fine black man get anything better to do than play game ? rose sure I do , but you sister 's busy . gimme the damn ball . tyrone pass the ball hard to Rose . tyrone here ... take it . I think some righteous brother like you might help we out , but I guess that be not you ... jamal ( step forward ) help who ? with what ? tyrone you community ! that 's who . maybe you do not know but a kid die today . little bobby that 's three this year ... same spot . tyrone damn straight . and old reverend slocum 's have a vigil on that corner , try to get a stoplight put in . judge ( to cy ) my Mom 's at that . rose funny you do not look like church folk to I . tyrone oh I be not . but it seem the man 's get uptight about black folk stand in the street , cause a fuss . what I be ask for , be some of you able black ass to come down and be " observer " on the cop . take down badge number . they do not like pull shit with too many eye on tem . so that 's how you can help , not by praying but by watch . drinker # 1 not I . this able black ass be not fuck with no cop . other mumble in agreement , move away from tyrone . jamal look , I understand but if some black insist on try to interact with the white man , that 's not we concern . we be African , " brother . " mother Africa be the only ... anger flash in tyrone 's eye . his voice turn knifelike . tyrone no , you look , you phony ass boojie nigger . we be not in Africa , we be in oakland . and in oakland we get police brutality . we get the white man interact he billy club up against the black man 's head . now if that do not bother you , then take you skirt wear ass back to Africa ... " uncle . " jamal -- very angry -- take a step toward tyrone . tyrone back he down with one fearsome look . tyrone , try it . jamal back away , join Rose and the exite drinker . little bobby ( watch they go ) chickenshit boojie ... tyrone ( to judge and cy ) what about you two ? you be there , you see that kid ? judge I see ... but ... tyrone but nothing ... you do live here do not you ? judge glare evenly back at tyrone , size he up . judge yeah , I do . tyrone ( to judge and cy ) well , act like it . come on . tyrone and Little Bobby leave the court . after a beat , judge and cy follow . rose call after they , bait . rose you young niggas crazy . the man be not gonna let we have no say in run shit ! keep it up and he 's gonna come down on we ass like a ton of brick ... ext . CITY STREET - night take confident stride , tyrone and Little Bobby lead cy and judge down the street . tyrone do not let the cop provoke you . we be there to watch and take badge number ... judge and who be we ? little bobby brother where you be ? ( a smile ) we be the Black panther . cy and judge register the name . cy the panther ... ( to Bobby ) how old be you ? little bobby sixteen . tyrone ( chuckle ) shit , we make he get he mom to give permission before he could sign up . judge just a kid . tyrone yeah , well , cop kick the shit out of kid too . ext . 55 th and market - night a circle of church folk hold flicker candle in the middle of the intersection . slocum 's there as well as rita . they face be silent , passive in the candlelight . police car can be see park at the curb . a small cadre of cop stand watch the congregation . tyrone , judge and cy approach the vigil . look around , they spot other young black men stake out at the four corner of the intersection . judge I think you say all the panther be gonna be here . tyrone what you see be what you get . ( point ) that 's ' Bobby seale . judge 's eye pick bobby out , skinny , notebook at the ready . tyrone Carter ... buddy of mine from way back ... and gene ... carter -- enormous , terrifying -- come into view , then gene - a wiry street tough . little bobby and that ... that 's huey ... judge strain to focus on huey newton -- who 's just a silhouette against a streetlight . there 's a book in he right hand and a aura of power surround he . cy ai not too many of you be there ? tyrone ( a slight smile ) only take a single grain of sand to move the world ... little bobby ( spot something ) head up !!!! ext . intersection - night a patrol car float to a quick stop at the curb . White haire , red-face , sergeant schreck bound from the car . sgt . schreck what in the Sam Hell be this ? patrolman a vigil for some pickaninny get hit here . sgt . schreck vigil my ass ... schreck grab a bullhorn from the car . schreck ( through the bullhorn ) listen up , you all have 30 second to disperse and return to you home . the line of cop take a small step toward the black folk . schreck failure to do so will result in you immediate arrest ... the churchgoer flail a bit . suddenly , with huey in the background , slocum step up and with a look of defiant piety , begin singing " we shall not be move . " with gather force the congregation join in the song . schreck roll he eye and make a motion with he hand . ext . intersection - night cop wade into the crowd , herding they away . a patrolman push a middle aged man , with he nightstick . patrolman go on get you black hide outta here ... the man stumble . by reflex , the cop raise he nightstick . tyrone -- on instinct -- push the cop away . chaos erupt . billy club snap up . terrify , the congregation run . bulleorn you be resisting arrest !... Police slap and snatch Black folk right and leave . judge bounce around in the confusion . Bobby seale can be see try to get badge number . judge 's eye widen as he see rita run toward a alley , a cop right on she ass . judge oh shit Mom ... judge run toward she . the cop lift he billy club over rita ... boom !! Carter punch the cop straight off he foot . a pair of cop have throw tyrone down on the ground -- pistol press against he head . judge move to tyrone 's aid . a rifle butt flash out , crack across judge 's temple , send he into darkness . int . holding cell - night judge slowly come to on the filthy floor . cy , a few nasty bruise on he face , kneel next to he protectively . judge ( amaze , in pain ) Jesus ... disorient , judge see tyrone and the other panther . they be a rag tag little group , batter , lock down . slocum be there too . come fully awake , judge realize someone be speak . it 's huey , he voice powerful and arrest in its urgency . huey ( over ) the power structure lock the black man up . that 's right . we move from chain to bar and lock . kangaroo court put brother in jail . no jury of we peer . no jury of black folk . how do we stop this insanity ? it 's simple . Organization . that 's the key . we must organize . we must maintain discipline judge peer through the body and see huey . tyrone that 's right brother ... listen and learn . huey the white power structure want we to act like savage . ( a smile ) but we be a different kind of animal altogether . we be panther . and the Black panther Party for self Defense be very painfully aware that America have historically reserve its most barbaric treatment for non- white people since the beginning of the country . so we need to organize , we ( a charismatic smile ) keep we shit correct ! and effect revolution . we revolve the power into the hand of the people . where it belong . ( a beat ) power to the people baby ... gene power ? shit , old folk can not even sing without get they ass kick . huey well , then like the man say ... maybe it 's time we stop sing and start swinging . carter yeah , but they get the gun . something -- some inexplicable mixture of mirth , raw intelligence and fierce willpower -- cross huey 's face . huey we can change that . we get the right to bear arm , so I would say it 's time to exercise that right . like comrade mao say , " justice through power , power through gun . " ext . courthouse step - day blink in the sunlight , the panther descend wear a collective grin of relief . tyrone chickenshits , just harass we ass , we be not break any law . rev . slocum but at least we be free ! God have deliver we from the lion 's de . bobby free ? we be back where we start . shit we still do not have a stop light . huey well as the rev say , God help that who help themselves . ( a smile ) we will be we own stoplight . ext . intersection - day huey march into the middle of the street . amid swerving car and screeching brake he begin directing traffic . ext . STREET - day judge and cy split off as the other panther march into the intersection , join huey 's traffic duty . cy ( point ) check it out ... great huh ? I tell you that guy know what time it be . man I be with that ... judge I do not know . look around man . cy c'mon judge we get to start somewhere . judge yeah , and I be gonna start by get on my foot . work on thing from inside the system . cy Inside be not in the system . ( poke judge ) it 's right there inside you !! I be join up . judge 's face crack into a wry smile . suddenly he smile fade when he spot rita stare at he from she stoop . judge I ... I gotta go ... judge cross the street , head over to he mother . ext . brownstone - day concern searing she face , rita regards she son warily . judge it 's okay Mom . I be allright . rita you do not look alright . judge ( touch he head ) yeah ... cop hit I ... rita I see . I see that big one ( point to Carter ) hit that police man . saw them drag you off too . ( a beat ) they take you to jail ? judge ( soft ) yeah . rita Lord , never think I would live to see my boy in prison . judge Mom ! it be not like that . it be bullsh ... they be just harass we . no charge be file . it 's alright . worry in she voice , rita stare across at the panther . rita you meet that friend of yours in jail too ? judge yes ... no ... Mom it 's not like you think . they be alright . there out there try to do something . rita I hear they boy , that Black panther , they be communist . they do not even believe in God . judge Mom , black folk be praying to God for four hundred year . maybe it 's time we try something else ... rita you believe that ? judge I do not know . I really do not . a moment pass , rita note she son 's confusion . rita I will tell you one thing judge ... ext . intersection - day follow huey 's lead , the panther move traffic through the intersection . cy' with they , guide car past . rita ( over ) they boy gonna start a bunch of trouble they keep on like that . int . oakland police headquarters - day dorsett , the Chief duty Officer , shift behind he desk , pop a tum . a voice come from the doorway . rodger ( over ) that thing do not work ... look up , dorsett see rodger -- a hawk - face guy with slippery glass . he 's FBI down to the shine on he shoe . dorsett do not I know it . come on in agent rodger . sit down . always a... pleasure to see you . how can I be of help ? rodger it 's a bit more like how can we help you . Bay Area 's become quite a hornet 's nest in term of subversive activity . and ... well Mr. Hoover want to reiterate that the FBI will be happy to assist local authority in any way we can . on a strictly advisory basis ... of course . dorsett of course . well , I appreciate you offer , but we get thing pretty well under control . same bunch of kook you guy already have under surveillance . they be still do a lot of yell and pot-smok but nothing to worry about . rodger ( cock a eyebrow ) I see . what about the Black panther Party for self - Defense ? dorsett heh , bunch of shine run around in dark cap wave they fist about some streetlight . they be loud , but they be not dangerous , rodger can you make a deal with they ? dorsett naw ... they be kid mostly . idealist . they actually think they be for real . rodger hmmm . as you know the Bureau -- and Mr. Hoover -- be particularly " sensitive " to anything that might agitate or solidify the colored on the leave . dorsett pause for a second , try to read the angle . dorsett you want I to put a man on it ? rodger that would be a excellent start . ( a pause ) tell he to keep a low profile . ext , fifty fifth and market - day panther direct traffic at the corner . on the other side of the street a vw bus with a uc berkeley sticker sit . sabu 's talk to a white hippie in the bus . sabu what do you want ? Panama Red ? I can get you Panama Red sinsemilla ? get a line on some chocolate hash ... get you high as a motherfuck monkey ... white hippie uhh ... man I be wonder ... ( drop he voice ) can you get some Cocaine ? sabu Coke ? Shee -it . ( drop he voice ) yeah , I can get you cocaine . but it 's dangerous . cop everywhere . gimme twenty dollar and meet I back here in a hour . and do not fuck around white boy , this be the serious shit . white hippie uh okay , alright . you will be here in a hour ? sabu yeah I will be here . sabu grab a twenty from the van . he smile as the van pull away . sabu ( to himself ) now that be one dumb motherfucker ... cy , tyrone at he side , appear . cy sabu , what the fuck you do ? ai not nobody gonna push on this street . sabu shit , I be not do nothing . White bread ask for cocaine , I take he money . shit ... you know ... it be just a hustle . cy sabu ... High white dude 's the only thing you could hustle . sabu man ... fuck you . why you always bustin’ my ball ? all that high and mighty militant shit . I be not do nothing . tyrone I dig , you just hustling . but you make sure it stay like that brother , or you will have much grief on you sorry ass . cy let sabu go . he scramble down the street . sabu ( to himself ) motherfuck panther , worse than the police ... int . unmarked car - fifty fifth and market - day nestled among empty paper coffee cup , brimmer - a once athletic white cop -- watch the panther at the corner . he stub yet another cigarette into a overflow ashtray . brimmer see cy take over traffic duty from carter . there 's a notepad on the seat next to brimmer . he make a hash MARK in it -- counting panther head . ext . stair - day bottle of bitter dog in hand , Rose sit with the other drinker , staring at brimmer 's car . take a swig and smile at he buddy , Rose walk toward the car . ext . unmarked car - day saunter up to the car , Rose flash a wick grin . rose what 's the matter casper , you lose or something ? brimmer ignore he . rose hey ! I be talk to you . Rolling he eye , brimmer hold up he badge . a gold detective be shield gleam at Rose through the glass . rose ohhhh ... looky there ... ( to the other drinker ) it 's a cop ... behind he the other drinker rise , check brimmer out . int . brimmer be car - day brimmer fume , so much for keep a low profile . brimmer fuck . the detective start he car . ext , fifty fifth and market - day Rose and the other goof at he , brimmer pull away from the curb . ext . panther hq - day brimmer' car glide by the storefront . int . panther hq - day huey talk earnestly with tyrone and gene . huey ... yeah , it 's a perfect next step , let the community know that we be dedicated to malcolm 's ideal ... ( check he watch ) damn where 's Bobby seale ? bobby seale , a whirlwind of energy , come careen through the door . bobby seale huey !! man you gotta check this out ... you be gonna love ... huey ( interrupt ) hold up a second ... we get a decision to make . bobby seale what 's up ? huey dig it , you know that brother over in San Fran ... call themselves the Black panther too ? bobby seale sure , that boojie joker do not do anything except print up a lotta paper say " Black be beautiful . " tyrone , shit , nothing but Paper panther . huey ( a smile ) yeah ... but it seem they be bring malcolm 's widow Betty shabazz to town , to speak at a rally , do a interview for rampart . ( a pause ) and they want we to help with security . bobby well if anyone 's gonna protect malcolm 's legacy it better be we . huey damn straight ... ( rise ) let 's go check out this Paper panther . CUT to : ext . black panther office - day bobby's pontiac sit in front of a rather upscale house , on a street that would never be mistaken for oakland . int . black panther office - day look street and very tough , bobby , huey , tyrone , little bobby and gene walk in . spot they , roy -- the Paper panther President -- pick he afro and smoothes he dashiki vainly . in the background other man in african garb can be see , along with alma - a regal black girl . roy greeting African brother ... you be here to help we with sister shabazz no doubt ? tyrone ( under he breath ) Fucking boojie ... huey that 's right . we would be proud to provide as escort for malcolm 's widow . how many man you get ? roy ( to alma ) get the brother a beer . I too while you be at it . ( to huey ) Men ? well we can spare six for security ... huey ( to alma , decline the beer ) no thank you sister . ( to Roy ) six ?!! that seem a little light . cop be watch Betty , watch she hard . we need at least twenty man . and that 's twenty armed panther dig ? you do have gun do not you ? roy I assure you that we as the revolutionary vanguard be as serious about this as you be . we will be prepare . ext . black panther office - day disgust , huey stalk to the car with the other . tyrone , they be not fit for the name panther bobby twenty man ? I do not know if we get that . huey we will get they . right now we get to worry about be armed and ready to protect Betty shabazz . that phony sure as hell can not . we need gun tyrone we need money first ... huey yeah ... Bobby you gotta ... bobby ( move ) get it cover huey , that 's what I be try to tell you before . check it out ... Bobby 's pop the pontiac' trunk . box sit inside it , overflow with little red book . bobby buy every copy in Chinatown . get we a discount too , thirty cent a piece . CUT to : ext . sather gate - berkeley campus - day in the stream of student , tyrone , huey and the panther hold up mao 's little red book . a radio can be hear blaring gladys knight 's " Heard it through the grapevine . " huey here it be Brothers . the lowdown straight from comrade mao 's mouth . ( to Bobby ) if you open the mind , the body will follow . carter move toward huey with two white student carter ( look confuse ) huey uhhh ... this ... this guy want to join ... huey smile and shake he head congenially . huey I be sorry boy . but right now the Party feel it 's important for Black people to do it for themselves . we be not signing up white folk . ( the trademark smile ) but , if you be down with what we be do , organize some righteous white folk . I get a feel we be gonna need each other . ext . sather gate - day judge , hold note and schoolbooks spot the panther . cy catch he eye . judge hey , this what they get you do now ? cy Party need the bread . ( to the student ) be hip to the struggle , only a dollar !!! student a dollar ? Far out ! be it authentic ? cy comrade , this here 's the real deal , straight from Revolution hq . student huh ? ( catch on ) hey , I can dig it man . ( buy book ) thanks ! Long live the revolution , brother . cy ( to judge , pockete the bill ) money 's cool , but what the party really need be brother like you . ( hand judge a red book ) judge I could use someone like you . this book , hell I do not know half the word . you might . judge have to pass on the revolution today man , I get class ... but how about tonight , I be gonna check out " cloud nine . " just like old time . cy can not ... they be have a pe meeting at headquarters tonight , come on down . check it out . judge pe ? what ? you guy do gym class ? cy no man . pe -- " political education . " tyrone move closer to cy , check out judge tyrone , you be a smart brother ... you should dig what huey and Bobby get to say ... judge maybe ... tyrone ( a smile ) fuck maybe ... be there . judge grin back at tyrone , hold ground . judge like I say ... maybe . ext . panther headquarters - 56th and grove - night essentially a storefront , the panther hq 's a rag-tag , hipster shrine . poster hang in the window -- " black be beautiful , " the black panther logo , a upraise black fist . cy and judge walk past a couple of loitering street folk . rose be there , happily munch on a paper plate of stew . judge Rose , what the hell you do here ? rose just come for the food , man . ai not quite sure what they bag be but ... Rose point through the doorway to bobby seale stand at a podium speak front of a very small group . rose that one 's one hell of a cook ... int . panther headquarters - night Little Bobby and tyrone pass out leaflet label with " what we want " and what we believe " to a SMALL assembly . at the podium , Bobby speak passionately . judge and cy make for empty secondhand seat . bobby ... we ... the Black panther Party be not anarchist . we want a government that serve the people . in the black community we want a government that serve black people . Black cop for Black people . not the Army we have occupy the community " Army ? " you ask . " what army ? this be not Vietnam . " well the Army 's right out you door folk . they be the cop . a chorus of " yeah , " " right ons and applause . " bobby they be pig brother and sister . and this pig be soldier fight against we . whether you get a afro or a process on . whether a sister 's get she hair straighten or whether she 's get a natural on . whether it 's a brother in a dashiki or a pimp with a sharp suit on . whether a sister 's prostitute or teach kid to read . the pig will murder you because you be black . no matter what kind of hair you wear . so we best get ourselves together , organize , learn we history and put the power in the hand of the black community before this army , this pig wipe this community out . applause ring out . even judge clap . int . panther hq - night political Education over , the small group of panther and neighborhood folk , chat as judge make he way over to cy . cy ... glad you come man . judge yeah , only I figure you would be the one do the speak . cy not yet , one of this day 's maybe . Bobby 's party chairman . political Education 's really he bag . huey step up with tyrone . huey you be cy 's Vietnam buddy right ? ( judge nod ) c'mere I would like to talk with you ... huey pull judge toward a back room , tyrone watch they leave , protective , suspicious ... huey you be . infantry right ? judge yeah . huey so I guess it 's safe to say you know about firepower . int . yang be hardware - san francisco - night close up : a nest of weapon -- shotgun , ml 's , handgun -- sit be on a desk in the cluttere back room of the store . judge 's hand run over the gun , check they out . he set a automatic aside . judge busted fire pin . ( check a revolver ) you want only the legal stuff right ? tyrone , just the legit shit . judge sets aside the revolver . mr. yang -- a nervous oriental man -- hover over they . mr . yang nothing wrong with that pistol . judge serial number 's be file . cop catch you with that he figure you either steal it or kill someone with it ... mr . yang I do not want no trouble . no cop come to I about this gun . huey no trouble here . you get a permit to sell . ( hand over cash ) we be buy . all perfectly legal . mr . yang ( count ) this be worth a lot more . bobby seale ( point to a mao portrait ) I think you be a revolutionary . we can not afford they if you do not cut we some slack . but ... you treat we right and we will be do a lot of business . mr . yang alright . ext . hardware store - night cy and tyrone load the weapon into cy 's van . Bobby , huey , and judge talk . huey we appreciate you help with this . judge so what 's the deal ? huey ( a smile ) freedom ... we be just gonna test some of the word in that law book . truck load , the panther make to leave . huey linger a bit with judge . huey judge ... we be do security for Betty shabazz 's visit next week . I would like to have someone who know there way around a pistol there . someone like you . judge I do not know . huey you be down for protect malcolm 's widow be not you ? judge yeah ... let I think about it . huey okay man I be not go to push . but remember the revolution be not go to wait for anyone . come on , we will give you a lift . judge no man . gonna walk . tyrone watch judge warily as he turn and walk away . montage : ext . CITY street - night judge , foot move across pavement , walk alone . int . classroom - day a white professor nasally drone about economics as judge stare out the window , watch panther sell red book . ext . ghetto - day panther exhort the community . Chaos slowly turn into organization , repaint , sickle cell program , and hand out bag of food as brimmer watch from he car . ext . CITY street - day a cop cruiser slowly pass judge as he walk , shine its spotlight on he . int . judge and cy' apartment - night it 's late . judge study a text book . next to it sit mao' red book . he can not concentrate . grabbing he jacket , judge head out the door . end montage : int . bobby's pontiac night huey 's drive . Bobby 's next to he , a rifle on he lap . tyrone and cy sit in back . they be all in uniform . huey ( to cy ) this here 's a " panther patrol . " we see a brother get bust . we check it out , make sure the pig do not go beat on the man . brother get take downtown , we post bail , hook ‘em up with a lawyer . tyrone we be like police the police . huey spot something through the windshield a cop car . huey ( pull over ) damn straight . ext . grove STREET - night two beefy cop have a black man up against the wall . panther 's pontiac pull to the curb . the cop turn ... huey -- hold a rifle , back by the other panther -- stare solidly at the policeman . beefy cop # 1 ( into radio ) get I some back up ... in the background , the man against the wall scoot away . ext . STREET - night walk think , judge move down the street . after a bit , red light can be see on the wall behind he . judge move quickly toward the light , spotting something . ext . grove STREET - night near panther hq , figure move in silhouette against a squad car 's headlight . High tension as huey and bobby seale stand next to the beat up pontiac hold a rifle . the beefy cop face he -- flashlight in one hand , huey 's license in the other . cy , tyrone and other panther -- in full panther uniform -- move through the crowd pass out black panther party ten point program . beefy cop okay now , er , huey , so what 's you telephone number ? huey I have confirm to you my address , that 's all I be require to by law to do . we have break no law . beefy cop what be you do with the gun ? huey ( calm , control ) what be do with yours ?. as judge push through the semi-circle of black folk , two more squad car pull up . the cop inside swagger over . one of they a baby face cop , have he night stick draw . baby face cop this boy give you trouble ? beefy cop shine he light on the passenger seat of the pontiac . it illuminate a pistol . beefy cop here 's another one . that you pistol there ? Bobby seale reach over and pick up the pistol . the panther snap to a straight line behind huey . bobby no ! it be not he weapon . a handgun would be a violation of he probation . it 's mine ! nearby , the cloud nine nightclub pulse with music . purple suite hipster move onto the sidewalk observe the escalate scene between panther and police . beefy cop ( stretch out he hand ) lemme see that rifle son ... huey ( snatching the gun away ) no ! this be my private property . accord to California law we have a constitutional right to bear arm . black voice in crowd they 's some badass nigger ... cop 2 ( to the crowd ) okay . okay . move along . go on about you business ... reluctant but docile , the crowd begin to disperse . huey wait !! Brothers ! sister !! you do not have to go anywhere . this be you business . stay right here . the law say as long as you keep a reasonable distance , eight to ten foot to be exact , you have get a right to observe the police carry out they duty . from what I can see , you be stand some 22 foot away from this man here . so brother be not no law be break . emboldene by huey 's word , the crowd regroup . black voice in crowd talk that good shit brother ... beefy cop be that gun load boy ?!! the crowd gasp , then go silent as huey step right up into the cop 's face . huey Fish and game law clearly state that it be unlawful to have a live round of ammunition in the chamber of a shotgun or rifle in a vehicle ... pig !! black voice in crowd oh sweet Jesus , I do believe I have die and go to heaven ... cop # 2 refer to he as officer . bobby well then do not refer to he as boy ! beefy cop ( glaring ) well ... be it load ? huey I tell you " officer " , it be not ... huey cock a round into the chamber . huey ... but now it be ! the cop tense . the beefy one blow a gasket . beefy cop for the last time Boy !!! what do that gun mean ??!! huey they mean , pig ! , that the Black panther Party declare that if you try to brutalize we community or take we weapon . ( a beat ) we be go to shoot you !!! the crowd stand frozen . Joy spread out beneath they guard ghetto mask . black voice in crowd ( whirling like a dervish ) Pigs that 's just what the hell they be !!! cop and panther stand toe to toe . deadly moment pass . cop eye flash from panther to crowd . then something turn . the cop back off , climb into they car . grove STREET - night judge move away , walk down the street . he sense the joy and amazement of the community , pick up on snatch of conversation from a dozen different doorway . voice ( over ) never think I would live to see the day ! you know the police be not nothing but the kkk with badge . a breeze waft a ten point program past judge . slowly , thoughtfully he pick the leaflet up . int . dorsett's office - night close up : a ten point program sit in dorsett 's fleshy finger . it 's after hour as dorsett , rodger and brimmer - each hold pamphlet -- have a tense " discussion " . dorsett one : " we want freedom . we want the power to determine the destiny of we Black Community . " two : " we want full employment for we people . " Three : " we want to end the robbery by the white man of we Black Community . " Christ , they be ask for reparation ... rodger they could not have think this up for themselves . brimmer ( sarcastic ) yeah ... sound like the constitution to I . with a little of the Bill of rights throw in ... rodger Inspector brimmer , this be no joke during you surveillance have you see any outside agitator ? professorial type ? Communists ? brimmer no . I have see Black man hand out bag of food . have meeting . patrol the neighborhood . have more meeting . they be not ... rodger they be carry gun . they be threaten police officer . they be undermine the United States of America . and you Inspector brimmer be not take you duty seriously ... dorsett now hold on rodger ... rodger Chief dorsett , if the Black panther be go to remain in you jurisdiction , some fundamental change in attitude need to be make ... brimmer like ? rodger like , you Inspector brimmer be not go to be sit in you car anymore . I think it 's time for a more active type of involvement . ext . police headquarters - night beat by late hour , dorsett walk to he car -- a brand new cadillac , sit in he ' reserve ' spot . a limousine pull up next to he . its window roll down . at first we do not see the passenger 's face . voice even Chief . another hard day keep the street safe ? dorsett ( force joviality ) what be you do out so late ? voice I like to keep a eye on my " investment " so to speak . you know we still need to discuss that business expansion we speak of . dorsett ( ill at ease ) look , I do not think ... louis trafficante -- all style , all mobster -- leans out the window . his right hand man , tony , at the wheel . he point to the cadillac . trafficante that 's a beautiful car . you would do well to remember who pay for it . good night , Chief , we will speak again soon . int . judge and cy' apartment - day Dawn push pink against the loft window as judge , dress for class , pore over cy 's copy of '' wretched of the Earth . " cy ( come out ) man , do you see huey down on Grove street ? all up on that cop , that be beautiful . judge yeah , it be alright . hey , can you give I a lift ? cy you get it . Berkeley ? judge no , panther headquarters . ( a smile ) least that way we could hang out more like we use to . cy you join ? my brother .. ( hugging judge ) my brother . int . panther hq - day panther hq have improve . Bobby seale stand behind a newly paint display counter , interview new recruit . bobby's Pov - face montage face -- all of they black , all of they men , most of they angry -- flash into the frame , each talk . face # 1 sign I up !! just gimme a gun and point out the cop you want I to shoot ... face # 2 where 's the free food at ? face # 3 my momma , she march with King . do not know exactly what kinda change that bring . but man you put that cop on Grove through some serious change !!! face # 4 I hear you panther boy get the finest pussy . face # 5 Vietnam man ... I go there and then come back to some honky motherfucker tell I what to do , beat my ass if I do not . man ... fuck that . a final face come into view ... judge be int . panther hq - day cy stand proudly next to judge in front of Bobby . cy judge be gonna join we . tyrone look less than pleased at the news . bobby welcome brother , if we stand together we can break the chain . tyrone ( miff , to judge ) huey want to see you . judge huh ? tyrone he have a feel you would be come by . int . backroom - day judge move warily into the dim and musty room . as he eye acclimate to the gloom he spot huey sit half hide in the shadow . huey welcome brother , have you decide to get down with we ? judge I be down , huey yeah ... you be a lot of help with that gun . you soldier shit be bad - ass . judge I would hope I be finish with all that . but ... ( shrug ) huey you know , you be lucky to be back . most nigger die on the front line . seem like that 's what they be there for . judge do not I know it . every brother I know in " nam 's dead . my company ... a land mine . twenty of my friend dead in less than a second . huey mind if I ask you something ? why would you put up with shit like that for someone else 's war ? judge flash huey a look of bare honesty . judge hey , GI bill pay for school . and shit , if I stick around here , instead of signing up , I would probably be in jail , or sit on the stoop drink bitter Dog with Rose , you know ? huey yeah I know . you be smart judge . you be not no bourgeois nigger like that Paper panther across the bay . I need every good man to help we with the security on Betty shabazz , particularly soldier . you do solid on that I might have something else for you , something real important . judge whatever you need , I will be there . huey right on brother judge ... huey and judge grip hand . ext . oakland airport - day title : february 21 , 1967 with tight precision , huey , tyrone , judge , cy , gene , bobby , carter and little bobby form a circle around betty shabazz guide she past airport police to a wait car . led by roy the paper panther seem useless in they dashikis and fluff afros . int . rampart office - day in a inner office , Betty shabazz talk with eldridge , a tall man wear sunglass . in the outer office , huey 's panther stand by while roy' paper panther do little . eldridge what would you tell young brother and sister to do in follow brother malcolm 's footstep ? betty shabazz I would say that malcolm life in each of we . we all need to work together for the community . ( gesture outside ) like that brother out there be ... overhear , Roy preens a bit at Betty 's word . nearby judge flick he eye to the gun at Roy 's waistband . judge ( low ) huey ... suddenly roy spot something outside ... police car , follow closely by news van . roy ( nervous ) oh oh ... snap up he shotgun , huey nod to the other . Bobby seale pull back he jacket revealing a .45 . solemn , professional , huey and the panther file out the door . roy' paper panther hang behind . ext . rampart office - day led by huey , the panther take up a line between the cop and the office . reporter , expect another grove STREET , push forward . cop # 1 ( eyeing huey 's gun ) what 's go on here son ? huey we be break no law , you have have no right to detain we . a reporter spot betty shabazz , flanke by judge and tyrone leave the building head toward a car . reporter there she be !!! surging forward the reporter push cameras toward betty shabazz . one of they , chuck , try to push huey away . control , huey hold Chuck in check , watch Betty move toward the car . Chuck push forward try to get a picture . see Betty safely inside and the car pulling away , huey shove Chuck back . Chuck make to swing at huey . huey shove he down . huey ( to cop # 1 ) arrest this man !!! cop # 1 if I be gonna arrest anyone it 's go to be you ... fast , the panther take up position behind huey , they gun highly visible . huey flick the safety of he shotgun . huey not today ! ! roy come run out , unarmed , scared yell at huey . roy do not point that gun !!! cop # 1 that 's right be a smart nigger like you friend . tension ripple through the air as roy run back inside . huey glare at the cop . huey he 's not my friend and I promise you pig . you man draw and this will be a blood bath . it 's you call . every panther stand face the cop , weapon at the ready . through the glass paper panther can be see hiding . slowly the cop begin back away . chuck ( to the cop ) be not you go to do anything ... cop # 1 ( nervous ) like he say asshole , they be not break any law ... screech they tire the police leave . CUT to : int . bobby's car - night pack in the car , Bobby , Little Bobby , judge , cy and tyrone recount the day as huey drive . little bobby you see that on jive dashiki man , hide under the desk . shit paper panther . huey notice judge's silence . huey what it be judge . nobody get hurt , sister Betty 's safe . this be a good day ... judge they be empty ... bobby what be empty ? judge the Paper panther ' gun , they be not load . I know gun man . that gun be empty . huey 's knuckle tighten on the steering wheel . ext . yard - day fish fries on a grill as roy and the paper panther celebrate . alma 's look disgust with the whole thing . roy like I say Brothers we be the vanguard . ( to alma ) get I a beer ... I tell you once cleaver 's story come out , we be gonna roy be face drop as huey and the other panther appear at the edge of the party . huey march up , yanking Roy 's gun from he pants , check it . huey we put we life on the line today . malcolm X 's widow be on the line today . and you gun be not even load . roy a gun 's a gun man . it do not need to be load . huey tell that to the pig . better yet tell that to malcolm . roy wait a second there brother ... huey no you wait a second . you and you " panther " get three choice . one you join with we and follow we rule . two you change you name . ( a smile ) or three you face annihilation . paper panther step up , huey 's man follow suit . judge stand right at huey 's . roy pretty boy , you be a long way from oakland . fuck you . bam ! huey hit Roy with a ferocious hook . a big paper panther move on huey , judge drop he like a stone . in second huey 's man have kick the shit out of the Paper panther . huey 's get roy' face in the grill . huey you be exactly the kind of brother we do not need . kind of brother who get other kill . now you gonna change you name . huey pull Roy up , he singed beard cover with fish and onion . roy just glare silently . alma Roy , tell he you will do it . huey shove Roy 's face back down toward the grill . roy please !!! yes !!! we will change the name . throw roy away , huey lock eye with alma as the panther depart . she watch they every step of the way . nearby someone else watch the panther also . eldridge cleaver , the reporter from rampart . int . huey' office - night unwinding , alone with judge , huey hand he a beer . huey you be alright judge , better than alright . you be what the Party need . a fighter but also one that 's go to school not make the man too nervous . judge I do not know about that . huey I do . you think you be smart enough to keep play the game ? judge what , I do not know how you mean ? huey see , the thing about panther . for all they speed and strength . they be not naturally aggressive . they do not just go out kill , tear through the jungle murdering . no , the panther ( make a fist ) keep he claw hide until he be attack , until he 's back into a corner . then ( open he fist ) believe I that claw be fierce . judge huey , you be lose I . what be you talk about ? huey I be talk about survival . your , mine , all of it . outside and in . you get to do something for I . stay alive might depend on it . the pig be gonna try to infiltrate we and we be gonna let them . but they spy 's gonna be we spy too . how about it ? there 's a pause as judge chew on the grave proposition . judge I ? you have get a whole lot of other folk signing up . why I ? huey you fit the profile , brother . you look exactly like the kind of nigger they think they can trust ... ext . government build - wash D.C. - day a cold harsh building sit like a satisfied giant on the Capitol street . ext . director' office - day pass a sign on the door : federal bureau of investigation director : j.e. hoover . the uber-cop himself sit at the desk , he large watery eye scan a teletype . he press a intercom . hoover get I out man in oakland ... ext . panther hq - day a huge line of new recruit stretch outside the building . int . panther hq - day Bobby and tyrone stand there uncomfortably face alma and a platoon of sister . tyrone alma !? I uhh I do not think ... alma what do you mean ? we be black be not we ? and we care about improve the plight of out people do not we ? or you figure oppression stop at that thing dangle between you leg ! tyrone ( look to Bobby ) uhh ... I with it sister but ... alma but nothing , we want full fledge membership in the Black panther Party ... and none of this " okay sugah as long as you stay in the background wash my sock and rub my foot " bullshit either ! Bobby grins . bobby I can dig that ! if you down with the ten-point - Program , sign up . montage : ext . panther hq - day panther place poster of Bobby seale and huey in the storefront window as judge , alma , cy and tyrone load leaflet into a van . bobby ( over ) there 's a lot of work to be do . int . school - day Little Bobby hutton lecture a group of school kid int . church basement - breakfast program - day judge 's hand ladle out porridge to a sea of hungry kid . alma smile across the room at they . ext . junkyard - day tyrone and cy watch as judge hold a ml rifle , lecture new recruit . each recruit have a disassembled rifle . judge start he stopwatch . the recruit fumble with the rifle . suddenly a sound -- the perfect click and clack of metal on metal . alma assemble she rifle with lightning speed . still fumbling with they rifle , the other recruit stare amaze at alma . judge check the stopwatch ... twenty seven second . look up , judge and tyrone's eye meet . ext , fifty fifth and market - day judge take he place directing traffic . turn judge lock eye with rita across the street . she look worried . end montage ext . uc berkeley campus - day judge hawk red book to park goer , engage they in pro panther banter . Black folk move away from he when they spot brimmer , a obvious cop , stride toward judge . brimmer you be judge right ? we need to talk . judge I do not know you and I get nothing to say to you . brimmer ( flash he badge ) yeah you do . it 's up to you either here or downtown . give up , judge walk with brimmer listen as the cop talk . int . church basement - day huey 's cooking breakfast for the kid as alma , tyrone and Little Bobby serve up bowl of porridge . pass the munch kid , judge -- obviously excited -- move over to huey . judge ( sotto voce ) they try to recruit I . just like you figure . tyrone look over , frowning . huey signal he that everything 's cool . huey ( joke loudly ) you be a little old to be a school boy be not you brother . ( whisper ) cool it ! you be probably not the only one they have go after . stall a little so they believe you be for real . make they trust you . ( raise he voice ) hey tyrone , you figure feed we child be gonna make the man jumpy ? tyrone ( banter back ) Black people get uppity , feed they child breakfast , take they destiny into they own hand . what 's this world come to ? ext . STREET - night title : richmond california , april 1 , 1967 pursue , a thin Black man -- denzil dowell -- limp painfully past . two cop , gun draw , run after he . cop # 1 hand up , you be not go nowhere . face with a blind alley , dowell raise he hand . the cop close in . denzil I be not go nowhere in the first place . I be not do shit . cop # 2 " done shit , sir !! " nigger do not move ... scare , denzil instinctively back away from the cop . denzil I be not do ... gunfire rip through the alley . CUT to : int . live room - dowell home - day the room be fill with mourner . shade be draw but a little sun brushes the panther leather jacket . denzil 's brother GEORGE , speak softly to momma dowell . GEORGE momma , this here be the panther I ask over from oakland . momma dowell I thank you all for come to grieve with we . the police will not tell we nothing . mourner they be shoot Black man down around here like they be go out of style . momma dowell ( break into tear ) my boy do not do nothing . he do not do nothing . can not nobody do something . huey we come to do something . ext . richmond rally - day panther , carry gun , line both side of the block . new face can be see with judge , alma , cy , tyrone , Little Bobby and the other . a block or so distant , the sheriff' office loom up . ext . richmond rally - day bobby seale shuttle back and forth distribute program and leaflet to a forest of outstretch Black hand . huey stand on top of a car , he strong voice ringing out over the gather . huey ... the police report say he be shot three time but the coroner 's report say quite clearly that denzil dowell be shot six time . and two of that shot be in he armpit . Brothers and sister you know why that be ? ( raise he arm up ) because denzil have he hand up !! bobby seale ( to crowd ) no more police brutality ! what do we want ? the crowd justice ! frenzied hand grab all the pamphlet from Bobby . seale ( to judge ) more program man !!! in the car . judge move away toward the pontiac . ext . bobby's car - day judge grab a pile of leaflet off the seat . turn back to the rally , judge come nose to nose with brimmer . brimmer afternoon asshole ... you shoulda tell I about this . c'mon ... ext . rally - day tyrone sees brimmer spin judge around and cuff he . bobby seale what do we want ? the panther justice !!! tyrone nudge huey , gesture to judge be lead to brimmer 's unmarked car . tyrone c'mon let 's ... huey no! just harassment . can not let it stop this . ( a eye to car , then the crowd ) brother we get momentum ! whipped up , the crowd yell as tyrone look perplex . bobby what do we want !!?? the crowd justice ! reverend slocum step out , try to calm the crowd . reverend slocum amen ! the Lord God almighty be we witness . let we bow we head and pray for ... bobby ( interrupt , raise he fist ) power to the people !!! crowd power to the people ! the panther move into precise formation . huey and Bobby at the front , the crowd move toward the sheriff 's Office . ext . sheriff' office - day tense , a double line of police block the entrance . with the crowd scream for " justice ! " and " black power ! " behind they , Bobby and huey step up to the deputy . deputy ( shove huey ) you be not get in here with no gun . huey shove the cop back . the line of cop bristle . huey this firearm be be carry in plain view and be therefore perfectly legal accord to California statute ... cop over my dead body . huey step back and clack ! , jerk a round into the gun . a hush fall over the crowd . the police raise they weapon . huey that 's you call pig . Rev. slocum put a steadying hand on huey 's arm . rev . slocum ( to cop ) we come for justice , not bloodsh but do not be push we too far . tense moment pass . huey look over at momma dowell , read the concern in she eye . then , huey and Bobby raise they weapon up , passing they to the police . unarm , the panther enter the building . int . sheriff' office - day surrounded by deputy , Bobby and huey confront the smug sheriff . bobby bled to death !?!? the coroner 's report say he be shot to death . we demand a grand jury investigation in the death of denzil dowell and the pattern of brutality against the Black citizen of Richmond . sheriff ( icy ) the Police department have conduct its own inquest and conclude that no misconduct occur . as for a '' pattern of brutality ... " the charge be ridiculous . huey then what do you call four dead Black man in six month ?! sheriff I call it the police do there duty under the law . you get a problem with that ... take it to the legislature but get the hell out of my office . bobby ( to huey ) the pig might just have a point . ext . abandoned warehouse - day brimmer 's unmarked car sit in front of the tatter building near the heart of oakland . int . abandoned warehouse - day judge -- handcuff to a chair in the vast lofty space -- look like he 's be through the wringer . brimmer , smoking vehemently , hover over he . brimmer so ... we understand each other judge ? judge ( sullen ) yeah . CUT to : int . another part of the warehouse - day rodger watch judge and brimmer from the shadow . CUT to : int . abandoned warehouse - day brimmer uncuff judge from the chair . brimmer alright then . judge stand a little shakily . brimmer slide a business card in he pocket . brimmer I expect to hear from you soon . if huey Newton take a crap , I want to know how big it be . otherwise I be gonna come look for you . and I will not be as " friendly " as today . judge I get you . judge turn to leave . brimmer stop he brimmer you just remember one thing judge . you have get a lot at stake . and the panther be gonna lose . question be , be you gonna lose along with they ? you future ? you mother ? think about it . judge leave . brimmer take a long drag of he cigarette , staring at rodger . ext . warehouse - day half a step out the door , judge throws brimmer 's card away . ext . do femery park - day a combination barbecue / awareness rally cover the park panther and just plain neighborhood folk eat , drink and talk . judge - a worried look on he face -- walk by . huey 's on the podium , speak clearly and passionately . huey as soon as black people exercise they rights to bear arm and defend themselves the pig want to change the law . we be not go to make it easy for they to have unarm target . now , you all have a good time cause this here 's we community and it be a beautiful thing . ( raise he fist ) power to the people . pulse music kick in as huey step from the stage . ext . do femery park - side of the stage - day huey join a meeting in progress with tyrone , alma and Bobby , who 's particularly edgy . huey this brother be gonna be a colossal event . we will shut the mother down right at the capitol , in front of the camera . ( annoyed off Bobby 's pace ) will you cool it ? what 's up man ? what it be Bobby ? bobby what it be be , you be not come with we . huey what ? we be the leadership , you and I . there be not enough of we to ... admire , bobby that 's just it huey . the pig do not know how many panther there be . both of we show and they might start put 2 and 2 together . we be not even two hundred strong yet ... but we get them guess thousand . huey I hear you . alright . I will go , you stay . Bobby shake he head . bobby huey ... we take a vote . you be still on probation . we can not risk you . thing be start to get hot . go mow yo momma 's lawn like you promise . huey 's tense , ready to argue . then he spot judge . a look pass between they . huey alright , I will stay . judge , I want to ... tyrone , ( to judge ) where you be ? I see the cop roust you at the rally . judge aw ... uh ... it 's be just harassment . my driver 's license expire . huey chickenshits , they be grab at anything . huey lead judge away , tyrone watch they closely , very suspicious . ext . another part of the park - day huey 's charge , talk fast to judge . huey what 's the pig 's name ? judge brimmer . huey ( very serious ) you get to keep very cool on this . icy god damn cool . Cause baby , you just become the strongest weapon we get . let I guess , he want you to call he , tell he what we be do . judge yeah . huey and you be gonna do just that . but I will tell you what to feed the pig . you alright with this ? judge yeah ... I guess . any of other panther know about this ? huey just look at judge silently . judge man , this shit 's pretty thick . huey you get that right . and brother , I get a feel it 's go to get a whole lot thicker . ext . legislature build - day title : SACRAMENTO california may 2 , 1967 Governor ronald reagan stand on the Capitol lawn speak to the future leader -- a teenage group . suddenly , the panther pull up , step out of they car , armed , clad in black leather . chaos erupt . bodyguard whisk Reagan away as a swarm of news crews converge on the panther . cameras flanke around he , a reporter shove a microphone in Bobby 's face . newsman be this a militant action ? be the panther storming the Capitol ? bobby no !!! definitely not !!! ( to the news camera ) we be here to send a message . the Black panther Party for self Defense call upon the american people in general and Black people in particular to take careful note of the racist California legislature now consider the mulford Act , which be aim at keep Black people disarm and powerless while racist police agency throughout the country intensify the terror , brutality , murder and repression of Black people . int . legislature - day it 's hard to tell who there 's more of -- panther or reporter as the chaotic circus enter a long corridor . seale 's in the lead , with Little Bobby , alma and tyrone follow . disorient , they climb stair , continue down another corridor . a guard at a doorway start to freak . guard you can not come in here ! bobby we be here to observe the Assembly . you will not stop we . guard this door lead to the Assembly floor , it 's close to the public . you have to go to the visitor 's Gallery , it 's ... the guard turn to point , seale twist to follow he finger . Reporters swing around . a crewman bump into the guard . chaos . the entourage panic , stumbling through the door . a mass of panther and reporter spill into ... int . assembly room floor - day pro tem speaker carlos bee 's mouth drop as a noisy mass of panther and reporter careen into the chamber . swiftly the rat pack of reporter back away , leave the panther , armed and confuse , in the middle of the room . security guard converge on the panther . footage camera pan up from lawnmower to huey 's face . fade into US and International headline scream the story . " New York Times , " France 's " Le figaro , Italy 's " Il giornale . " the panther have just become a worldwide phenomenon . prosecutor ( over ) tell the court Mr. seale be you proud to be the co-founder of the panther , a anti-white movement . bobby ( over ) the Black panther Party be not anti - white , you can not fight racism with racism . applause ring out . judge ( over ) gentlemen , please approach the bench . the judge 's gavel bang . CUT to : int . courtroom - at the bench - day Bobby , huey , prosecutor , defender and the judge yell . gavel still bang , a rapid-fire plea bargain be underway . defense attorney my client break no law . it be a accident , a wrong turn . besides , the gun be not illegal . dismissal ! prosecutor they will be as soon as the mulford act pass . six month for everyone ! huey shake he head at the Defense Attorney . prosecutor okay , last offer . ninety day , no felony charge , just a disturbing the peace . huey nods . defense attorney deal ! prosecutor not so fast . but only if he ( point to Bobby ) and one of he lieutenant agree to six month . huey you get six month to donate to the party , Bobby ? bobby you know it brother . int . hoover's office - day the tape machine roll as a very agitate FBI director growl into the phone . rodger ( over ) ... at least that take Bobby seale off the street ... hoover not good enough rodger . not good enough at all . Black terrorist on the floor of a State Capitol . I will not say this again , this negro commy be to be stop and now . you tear they down . either from the outside or the inside . rodger ( over ) we be work on that ... hoover work harder . and get I some result . that Black bastard could be up to anything . ext . market STREET - night finish with traffic duty judge walk home . he pass brimmer' car at the curb . brimmer c'mon we be go for a ride ... ext . BAY bridge - night brimmer 's car pull onto the bridge . int . brimmer be car - night brimmer light a cigarette angrily . brimmer why do not you tell we about the party you boy be plan at the capitol ? judge shit man . it be ... you know spontaneous . brimmer spontaneous my ass !! you tell the press and you do not tell I . remember you be work for we . judge yeah ... whatever you say . brimmer be you fuck with I ? you smartass piece of shit ... ext . BAY bridge - night brimmer 's car swerve pull over in the middle of the bridge . play angry cop to hilt , brimmer jump out . brimmer get out of the car . judge what 's with you ? brimmer get out of the fuck car . judge obey . brimmer produce handcuff . he cuff judge . brimmer " whatever you say , Inspector brimmer . " Fucking a right pal . time you get you wiry head on straight . brimmer grab the front of judge 's shirt , pushing he hard against the railing . it 's a hellish drop . brimmer push harder . judge 's feet scramble for purchase . judge what be you crazy ? brimmer do you know how easy it would be for you to just disappear . shit , you would not even wash up for week . do you fuck understand ? ( still push ) I want you to move you ass outta neutral . I want a bunch of panther serve up on a fuck plate . I want you to set them up ... armed robbery !! judge I can not ... they do not operate that way ... brimmer fuck how they operate . just do it . like you man say , " by any mean necessary . " brimmer uncuff judge , stuff a envelope of money in he pocket . brimmer alright then . here 's a little help on you tuition . get back in the car . ext . STREET - night in uniform , proud -- tyrone and cy walk down the street toward cy and judge 's apartment . tyrone where the hell 's judge anyway ? cy between school and the panther , he 's be run raw . I never see ... aw shit ... cy catch something happen across the street . ext . cy' Pov - across the STREET - night sabu make a furtive exchange with a young black kid . ext . judge and cy' apartment - night tyrone see what cy 's look at . tyrone you want a hand ? cy ( toss tyrone keys ) no ... go on up . I be kick he narrow ass since high school . cy trot across the street . a white girl walk he way white girl what you get to sell ? cy ( roll he eye ) Lady , every Black man you lay eye on be not a dope dealer . int . judge and cy' apartment - night tyrone wait inside the messy apartment . suddenly he spot judge's clothes hang over a chair . a moment pass . then tyrone , begin rifling through a pair pant . he check judge 's wallet . pull out a driver' license , tyrone 's finger trace the expiration date : 5/20/69 . tyrone ( to himself ) " my license be expire " yeah , right . ext . STREET - night cy 's get sabu against the wall , hiss into he face . cy I be not gonna tell you no more . no push in the neighborhood , especially not on my fuck street . you be kill you own people asshole . sabu man , fuck you !!! cy no fuck you !!! cy slug sabu hard in the gut , drop he to the ground . cy I be not play sabu . you keep on like this and I be go to bust you up . shake he head in disgust , cy head toward home . ext . STREET - night holding he belly , sabu catch he breath . shoe appear in front of he , shiny cop shoe . it 's sgt . schreck . sabu aww man ... schreck that panther be turn into real shitheel be not they ... schreck reach down , help sabu . sabu 's amaze at the " good cop " routine . sabu yeah , they be motherfucker , all high and mighty . schreck you should not take that . if I be you ... ( a edge of violence ) I would stand up for myself , if you know what I mean . int . judge and cy' apartment - night cy look around the empty space . cy tyrone ? shit , where would you go ?. int . panther meeting - night room fill with all the panther and more than a few new face , huey stand at the podium , fill with purpose . huey look around you , brother and sister , we be building the number . New member come in almost every day . I would like to introduce one of they . he 's be the author of " soul on Ice , " a respected journalist and I be proud to say the newly appoint Minister of information for the Black panther Party . Brothers and sister , eldridge cleaver . applause rise as the tall , black man from before , still wear sunglass , stride to the podium . eldridge Brothers and sister ! you be all well aware of the chain that we as a people bear . the chain of slavery , of second class citizenship . but there be other , more invisible chain . the chain of not speak you mind . the chain of all the word leave unsaid out of fear of reprisal by the man . the silencing of we Black voice . I be here to tell you that we have a voice . ( a smile ) and I would like to prove to you . all of you , repeat after I . silence fill the room , everyone hang on eldridge 's word . eldridge fuck Ronald Reagan . smile hit the assemble face . judge chuckle . eldridge I be serious . repeat after I . fuck Ronald Reagan . assembly fuck Ronald Reagan !!! eldridge feel good do not it . amazing how say you mind can free you soul . assembly fuck Ronald Reagan !! powerful and playful , the chant course through the room . everyone 's smiling , reveling in the camaraderie . ext . outside the meeting - night meeting over , huey , judge and tyrone watch the room clear . tyrone 's edgy , try to get huey alone . tyrone , huey man I get to talk with you ... huey so talk ... tyrone ( look at judge ) alone ... huey look ... can we deal with this tomorrow ... I be tired ... huey walk away , leave tyrone glaring at judge . ext . BAY bridge - day Sun stream through the girder , shine its light equally on both side of the bridge . int . huey be vw - day upset and in deeper than he ever expect , judge smack the dashboard in frustration . huey listen judge , oakland 's panther International headquarters . we shut the pig 's infiltration down here , they be gonna think twice about run they game on other chapter . judge huey , man who 's gonna straighten out the brother if they get on my ass ? huey like the manual say , " information be ... huey and judge ( in unison ) disseminate on a need - to - know basis . " huey yeah , and what I need to know , be what exactly you gonna do about feed the pig a bust ? judge I do not know man . I do not know . that remind I . ( pass a envelope to huey ) another little donation from the police . huey if the pig only know they be subsidize the panther ... judge yeah well , they want a lot for they money . they want a felony , preferably with " violent intent . " we have get to give they something . they will kill I if I do not . and the panther be go to kill I if I do . I be scared . huey I too . that 's why I fight so hard . ext . grove STREET - dusk ( magic hour ) something 's change in the neighborhood , the panther presence seem to have give the street focus . folk gather nearby , hang enjoy the sunshine . bo diddley 's " oh baby " groove from a radio . cy -- amp on the movement -- walk out of the panther hq . he run into judge out on the street . cy hey , it 's the invisible man . brother where you be ? judge ( grip cy 's hand ) cy ... I be not even sure . cy c'mon we will walk and talk ... judge ( point inside ) naw ... I gotta ... cy I hear you . I will catch you in a bit . feeling coope up in there , you know ? cy step out into Grove street . judge watch he go . ext . market STREET - dusk cy cruise the street . people check out the uniform , some even offer up a " right on . " or flash the fist salute . rose -- stake out on he step -- beckon cy over . rose hey ... cy ... what now you a righteous panther man , you too uppity to drink with we ? cy you know that 's bullshit . Rose pass he the bottle , cy take a small swig . immediately he face pucker . cy aaaah , bitter motherfucker ... I almost forget how nasty that shit be . rose well do not go forget you friend . cy ( leave ) ai not gonna happen , stay cool . rose you know it . stay Black ... cy damn straight . ext . 50 th STREET - night rounding a corner cy spot sabu -- yep , he 's still deal . Rolling he eye , cy step toward he . cy I swear , you gotta be a card - carry member of the stupid revolution . sabu 's scare , he back away from cy. customer scatter . sabu motherfucker ... you stay away ... cy look this be bull ... Dumb , cowardly , sabu come up with a pistol . he fire it into cy , not even aim , just fear pull a trigger . once , twice , Three time . cy take a pair of bullet straight to the chest . blood fleck he surprised face . cy ( amaze ) +..shit ... cy collapse onto the pavement as sabu run away . int . panther hq - night alone in the main room , judge work a mimeograph machine , run off more ten Point program . tyrone come in through the back door , startling judge . tyrone c'mere ... ext . alley behind panther hq - night Carter have a obviously terrify young panther up against the wall as judge and tyrone step into the half light . tyrone sign up ' bout a month ago . say he name 's matty . I call he spy ! wham !! tyrone slug matty right in the gut . tyrone motherfucker give the pig the license number of every panther car . tyrone grab matty 's index finger . tyrone ( to matty ) this the finger you ratted on we with ? crack !! tyrone jerk matty 's finger back breaking it . repulsed , judge turn back inside . int . panther hq - night tyrone bolt in after judge . tyrone what ? you do not like to see a traitor get hurt ? I wonder why that be ? judge if you get something to say , say it . tyrone anything happen to huey it be not gonna be a finger . I will ... gene -- eye light up with anger and fear -- burst in . gene it 's cy ... he 's be shot . bam ! judge snap push tyrone away and bolt out the door . tyrone follow . ext . 50 th STREET - night cy writhes in agony on the pavement , in a pool of blood . judge kneel down next to he , cradling he . cy 's coughing , try to talk . judge cy ... cy ... oh shit man ... who do this to you . be it the pig ? cy N ... not ... oh . cy die right there in judge 's arm . something twist in judge 's heart , the struggle have just become very personal . int . judge and cy' apartment - night his shirt cover with he dead friend 's blood , judge sit at the table , destroy . judge motherfucker ... judge grab the phone , punch out a number . brimmer Inspector brimmer judge yeah , it 's I . brimmer judge , hold on , be you phone safe ? judge who fuck care ? you cop kill cy . and before you bastard kill anyone else , I will give you you fuck set up . that make you happy ??!! brimmer judge , calm down . judge grit he tooth . judge I be calm . I be calm . you just shut the fuck up . and listen ... CUT to : ext . road - day the panther van head down the road , stick out like a sore thumb . ext . road - day Pov : through the windshield of a police vehicle . the van cross the screen right to leave . start forward , the police car follow at a safe distance . int . panther van - day tyrone be drive as judge sit -- preoccupy -- in the passenger seat . suspicion hover between the two . gene 's in back next to a load of newspaper . tyrone ( eyeing judge ) what 's up with you ? judge nothing . tyrone you get something on you mind ... " brother . " judge yeah , " brother " my best friend be stone dead . the word cool tyrone off a bit . tyrone sorry man ... judge s'alright . I be sorry too . shit , I gotta take a leak ... pull over at that gas station . ext . gas station - day the van pull into the tiny station . judge 's hop out head inside . ext . brimmer be car - day brimmer watch the scene through binoculars . he hiss into a walkie talkie . brimmer it 's go down ... right on time . int . gas station - day a older man sit placidly behind the counter as judge enter , the door ringing a bell . older man if you want gas my nephew ... tyrone ( interrupt ) where 's you bathroom ... older man out back . judge stand , stock still , sweat . the man cock he head , strangely . adrenaline raging , judge pull a gun . judge open the god damn register ! !!! int . panther van - day impatient tyrone drum he finger on the dash . tyrone , how long can a piss take ? gene shrug . gene hey ... I get one for ya . two brother be take a leak off the Bay Bridge . first one say , " damn , this water 's cold . " other one just smile and go , " yeah and deep too . " tyrone chuckle , suddenly he face drop . tyrone what the fuck ? ext . gas station - day siren light . half a dozen police car swoop down on the fill station . fast , like storm trooper , the cop pull tyrone and gene from the van , rough they up . brimmer ( push through ) watch the face goddamit !! we want they recognizable ... tyrone shove a cop away from he . brimmer draw he .38 , training it calmly between tyrone 's eye . brimmer easy boy ... or I will blow you right away ... tyrone ( put up he hand ) we have not do nothing ! why do not you fascist pig stop harass we ? brimmer harassment my ass , pal . you just stick up this station . we get a witness ... tyrone what kind of bullshit ... rookie cop I will go get the other one . brimmer no !!! get the bastard cuffed , I get he ... ext . back of station - day brimmer dash around the corner . he bang on the bathroom door . nothing . he put he mouth to the door . brimmer ( hoarse whisper ) it 's I brimmer . get the fuck out of here . judge bolt out of the toilet . brimmer fire over he head . judge run fast through the weed , up the hill . the rookie cop sprint around the corner , aiming at judge . brimmer bump he . the shot fire wide . judge disappear over the hill . ext . police station - day reporter swarm the step . dorsett , bask in the camera 's glow , smugly address they . dorsett today 's arrest expose the Black panther for what they truly be ... common criminal . yes , we have a group of the so call revolutionary in custody right now . caught red hand robbing a local business . and as soon as we witness give we a positive identification , we will file charge of armed robbery with intent to kill ... newsman Sir ... be anybody hurt ? dorsett ( turn back inside ) I have no further comment . int . dorsett's office - day flushed with victory , dorsett stride into he office . piss , rodger look up from a teletype . dorsett I want it duly note , that this operation be entirely under the auspices of the oakland Police Department . the FBI do not have a monopoly on agent infiltrate enemy organization , my friend . as I have say before , agent rodger , we have thing under control in we city ... rodger be you finish ? dorsett no I be not . I would like to say , frankly and off the record , that I resent the Bureau 's presence here . " Advisory basis " or not . and , once we get this boy put away and the panther permanently discredite , I would appreciate it if you would leave we to take care of we own . now I be finish . rodger fix dorsett with a stony glare . ext . seedy STREET - night fast , head down , judge move through oakland 's skid row , head for a abandoned garage . int . line up room - day actually the line up room be two chamber . dorsett and rodger enter the smaller room . brimmer , haggard , smoking , beckon dorsett to a corner . rodger stick by the door . brimmer whisper to dorsett , we can not hear the conversation but obviously the Chief do not like it . in the foreground , the man from the gas station stand in front of two way glass -- a uniform cop at he side . tyrone and gene stand on the line up platform on the opposite side of the two way glass . dorsett and brimmer move to the man . we see now that he 's stare blankly at the panther . dorsett brimmer , what be you tell I ? the uniform cop wave he hand in front of the man 's face . uniformed cop he 's blind chief . could not i.d. he own mother . brimmer ( sheepishly ) he just stand in for he nephew during lunch . dorsett turn , lock eye with rodger . fix dorsett with a withering glare , rodger walk out the door . int . rose's garage - day Rose 's place -- the back of a chop shop -- be a forest of bottle and car seat . a old tv blare a newscast : " panther freed " complete with a photo of tyrone and gene . rose this cool the heat off you any ? judge I do not know . ( rise ) but I be sure I will find out . Rose , you do I solid . judge pull some bill from he pocket . rose unh ... unh man ... I do not take no money from friend that need help . fuck no . what do you think I ama bum ? judge not at all . ( grip Rose 's hand ) I will catch you later . Rose -- something big on he mind -- stop judge at the door rose judge ... I ... I shoulda tell you this before but ... well ... fuck ... judge what ? rose it be sabu kill cy . judge where be he ?. rose ai not no one see he . judge why do not you tell I ? rose do not want folk to think I be a snitch . you know ? pain crease judge 's face . judge ( softly ) yeah man ... I know . int . printing plant - day the panther be celebrate . tyrone and the other release while the paper get print . bob dylan 's " ballad of a thin man " plays . huey , wine in one hand , groove to the music huey ( to tyrone ) shit ... check this out . song ( over ) ... something be happen here ... huey but you do not know what it be Mr Jones . see Dylan be hip . the part about the geek get the worst job , that 's like we , man . Black folk always get give the lowest shit . tyrone ( with purpose ) yeah man , but where 's judge ? huey ( pointedly ) you know I think brother judge need we support right now , not we suspicion ( pick up paper off the press ) this be beautiful man . folk around here never read the truth like this before . tyrone be just about to speak , when eldridge who 's be bustling around escort huey into a basket chair , replace he wine glass and paper with a spear and rifle . tyrone stare after they as alma come over . huey El rage what 's with all the Zulu shit ? elridge we can no longer let the white media control we image . we gotta let the people know what we be about ourselves . huey that 's what we newspaper will do . eldridge but lot of we people do not read , man . they need strong imagery to help they out . huey yeah ... then should not this be all of we together . eldridge ( prop up a shield ) trust I huey , this picture will be worth a thousand word . now have you give any think to that peace and freedom Party thing . they really want to hook up with we . do a rally together . Hell it would broaden we base of visibility . huey yeah , but align with white organization . I be not sure now 's the time . eldridge the time , my friend , be what sartre call , " the moment the match be be put to the fuse . " question be , be the hand hold that match gonna be black or white . huey ... no full fledge alliance . but I think we should do a rally with they . show that there 's some common ground between Black and White . you all with that ? ( everyone nod ) all right then eldridge , set it up . ext . anti war demonstration - day title : oakland induction CENTER october 20 , 1967 by far this be the large rally we have see . Police stand in riot formation as a huge crowd look up to a podium near the center 's step . crowd Hell no ! we will not go ! Hell no ! we will not go !!! huey , tyrone , alma , eldridge and a contingent of panther hold precise formation at the side of the platform as avakian , a sandy haire young man finish he speech . avakian not long ago , we come to this step to protest . we be four thousand then . tonight we be ten thousand . a huge roar rise from the crowd . CUT to : ext . judge's place - day the roar continue over as judge approach he doorway , a car glide to the curb . brimmer -- eye red-rimme with hate - stare out . judge bolt , run fast down a alleyway and turn the corner . screech tire , two uniform cop in a squad car blast out of nowhere , sealing the exit , weapon draw . brimmer pull up on the curb . in second he 's get judge face down on the hood , cuffed . brimmer smack judge 's head against the car . brimmer thanks a lot motherfucker , that blind man be real cute . brimmer drag judge toward a alley . CUT to : ext . anti war demonstration - day avakian ten thousand different voice . all unify , say one thing . that you can not have a imperialistic war abroad and social peace at home . so with that unity , that purpose in mind ... lady and gentlemen I give you the Minister of Defense of the Black panther Party -- huey Newton . applause . huey thank you . the Black panther Party be proud to be here tonight . here in front of this monument to oppression both at home and abroad . not far from here , brother Bobby seale be lock down . shout go up , " yeah Bobby ! ! " " set the brother free ! " CUT to : ext . alley - day brimmer push judge up against the wall . huey ( over ) a victim of the tyranny we feel here at home . ext . anti war demonstration - day huey that same tyranny be at work many mile from here . in Vietnam . Black man be die there , white man be die there . yellow man be die there . we be tell they be die in the name of freedom . ( a beat ) freedom . well , now if they blood 's keep we free . how come so many of we -- like Bobby -- be in jail . if they be die so we can enjoy we rights , how come the police still kill we in the street ? angry yell rise , agree with huey . CUT to : ext . alley - day brimmer lay into judge , hit he in the gut . defenseless , cuffed , judge take each brutal punch . CUT to : ext . anti - war demonstration - day huey so , when you think about it . the question we have to ask be ... why should the Black man go fight the yellow man for the White man ? it 's that simple . the answer 's simple too . ( a beat ) we should not ! the crowd cheer CUT to : ext . alley - day cheer ringing out , brimmer 's hand work for pain . CUT to : ext . anti - war demonstration - day huey the Black panther Party be oppose to the war in Vietnam ! we know we war be here . against hard drug in the community . against unemployment . against a system that beat a Black man in he home , then send he to die in a foreign land . that my brother and sister , be we war . ten thousand unite in thunderous applause . CUT to : ext . alley - day crumple on the ground , judge 's double up in pain . brimmer uncuff he and walk away . over , the applause rise to a deafen pitch . int . hallway - day brimmer stalk down the hall , unhappy . FBI guy in suit be everywhere -- pull teletype , on the phone . they be like a occupy army . brimmer ( pass a doorway ) what the fuck ? rodger ( over ) brimmer ! could you come in here please ? int . office - day rodger have set himself up in a command center . across from he dorsett sit like a whipped dog . rodger sit down , this concern you too . ( pull out a Black panther newspaper ) I do not need to say that you department 's handle of the Black panther -- particularly Inspector brimmer 's " undercover operation " have be a complete travesty . brimmer just hold on a god damn minute . I ... ignoring brimmer , rodger pass the paper to dorsett . rodger this be memo from the commissioner , the mayor and Hoover himself , put the Black panther and they subversive activity under the full jurisdiction of the Bureau . dorsett ( read ) Jesus ... rodger as far as Mr. Hoover be concerned the worst have happen , the panther have unify with other organization -- most likely sponsor by communist -- to undermine the war in Vietnam . ( a beat ) by do so , they have quite simply guarantee they own extinction . rodger study dorsett and brimmer 's incredulous face . rodger of course we welcome any cooperation the you department have to '' offer ... '' montage : jimi hendrix 's '' Machine gun " play as the cop move in for the kill ... ext . meeting hall - night a bomb crash through the window . yell , Chaos , then a explosion . int . san francisco panther hq - day cop batter down a door , storming the place . they burn papers , destroy food for the breakfast program . it look and feel like a modern day version of kristalnacht . ext . oakland panther hq - night tyrone and little bobby stand out front . a squad car pass . White face gaze stonily at Black . a cop point he finger like a gun at the panther . ext . STREET - day cop slap newspaper from gene 's hand , push he up against the wall . cop what 's you name punk ? gene five . cop what ?!?!? gene five !! end montage : int . huey be vw - night gene spin out he tale to huey . jimi hendrix play in the background gene and I keep say " five " like the fifth amendment you know ? and shit this cop be get piss . but there be not much he can do ... so ... dig this , he give I a ticket for littering , on account of the papers he rip outta my hand . huey notice '' cherry top " red glow in the rear view mirror . ext . STREET - night title : oakland saturday october 28 , 1967 a squad car sit , light flashing , behind huey' volkswagen . the belligerent baby -face cop from the showdown on Grove Street -- settles he flashlight beam on huey . gene , sit next to huey , look very nervous . baby face cop well , well , well , what do we have here , the great huey P. Newton ... ( a smile ) get out of the car . huey hold up he law book . huey ( calmly and carefully ) California law do not require the driver to leave a vehicle , unless he be be place under arrest ... baby face cop well , then you be under arrest get out of the car ... baby face pull he revolver . gene huey ... huey move out of the car very , very slowly -- he life depend on it . huey I be not resisting arrest . nor be I armed . any use of force on you part be illegal ... ( hold up book ) accord to California ... baby face cop you can take that law book and shove it up you ass nigger ... another squad car pull up . a nervous patrolman get out . his hand hover over he pistol . nervous cop hey ... whatcha get ... baby face cock he .38 . huey stiffen . tension . baby face cop buddy , we just get ourselves a promotion . there 's a SOUND , gene's get out of the car . baby face cop you !!! get the fuck back in ... ( move the gun ) gunfire ring out . hitting huey in the gut . baby face , also wounded , drop . the nervous cop have freak out and be shoot wildly . bleed huey crawl toward baby face' gun . he grab it , turn it on the nervous cop . more gunfire . chaos. scream . splatter with blood , the law book lie on the ground , bear a inscription on the flyleaf : huey P. newton . CUT to : int . corridor - hospital - night huey 's handcuffed to a gurney , be wheeled fast through the hall . i.v. 's hang . blood be everywhere . cop hover malevolently over he spread-eagled form . cop cover huey' face with a towel , then start viciously beat huey . doctor and nurse look on impotently . int . panther hq - morning tear streak alma 's face . tyrone , judge and the other panther sit solemnly . newspaper cover every surface blaring : cop slain panther leader wounded in shoot -out . in the background , panther put huey 's wicker chair poster in the window . eldridge 's get he ear glue to a phone . eldridge ( to the other ) the pig be go for murder one ... tyrone right with Bobby get out , they try to put huey in the gas chamber ... damn . little bobby please huey stay alive int . alameda county jail - day in a mos sequence , jackson a Black trustee lead Bobby seale - dress in STREET clothes -- down the windy hall . Bobby hold a file of release paper . seale come to the doorway of the infirmary . huey lie there , beat and bloody . the two man lock eye , each raise a fist in salute . int . auditorium - free huey meeting - night Bobby enter . the auditorium be empty except for cleaver , tyrone , and Little Bobby . bobby seale ( shocked ) where 's everybody ? tyrone we have over a hundred people , just on the " free huey " Defense Committee alone until we choose a lawyer . charle garry , a white man in a crumpled suit move across the gym floor towards they . bobby seale can he free huey ? eldridge if anybody can , he 's the man . Bobby seale shake garry 's hand . bobby seale ( to the panther ) Brothers the struggle have begin ... we need ally and we need them fast . eldridge ? eldridge I be on it ... ext . step - alameda county jail - day title : JANUARY 10 , 1968 panther flag fly -- now bear the word " free huey . " a nonstop rally / vigil of panther and Black folk cover the step . white folk wear " honkies for huey . " button . uniform cop stare out from the jail 's glass door . crowd Black be beautiful / free huey ! / set we warrior free / free huey !/ Black be beautiful / free huey / set we warrior free ... Bobby seale stand next to eldridge and other black activist near a microphone . a very intense , wiry man in sunglass approach the mike -- stokely carmichael . carmichael 's speak style be unique , he slow low - key drawl underscore the incendiary nature of the word . carmichael we say that huey P. Newton be a prisoner of war . many people say that that 's not true . or that the Party be exaggerate . I think it 's clear , it 's crystal clear that the United States have declare war on Black people . she do that when she take the first black man from Africa . the crowd roar in approval , raise Black fist . carmichael now of course , she never come out and say the word , " I declare war on Black people . she do not do that . well now , the United States to this day have not declare war on Vietnam , but there be Vietnam . they do not declare war on North Korea but they fight in North Korea . and they do not declare war against the Indians . they just wipe they out . more applause , even non - panther pick up on the message . carmichael so we must define we position ... we be at war . huey P. Newton , Minister of Defense , be we leader . he be in jail . he be a prisoner of war . we must get he by any mean necessary . if we can not get he , we must , we must retaliate . period . cheer , a call rise from the crowd -- plain in it 's " free huey . " over and over again . " free huey . " int . panther hq - day a bee hive of activity , Bobby man the phone . tyrone , and judge open a BOX -- contain free huey button . message : CUT to : alma eldridge man , we can not make enough of this thing . we get movie star call up , ask how they can help . I tell you sister it 's nation time ... alma yeah I wish we do not need no pin ... wish huey be here right now ... judge ( softly ) I too ... tyrone fix judge with a inquisitive stare . tyrone you sure about that ... brother ? at the door little bobby -- amaze -- yell to the other . little bobby Brothers !!! sister ! come here . this , you gotta see ... ext . panther office - day a good size neighborhood group cary food inside . older men , kid , bobby hutton be mom . in the front walk rita . judge push to the front , he jaw drop . he exchange a probing look with he mom . rita you all be work so much ... you know . I and some other think you might be miss the home cooking ... mrs . hutton tap a finger to he " free huey " button . mrs . hutton hey ... you get any more of that . laughter rise as the panther usher they folk in . int . rodger office - day rodger , obviously get a earful over the phone , splutter excuse and explanation . rodger grant , the free huey thing have become a bit of a rallying cry for the leave . hoover ( over ) rallying cry , it 's a insurrection . seale , that god damned cleaver , where the hell do this guy come from ? rodger well ... like they say , there 's a panther bear every minute in the ghetto . uh ... we seem to have " underestimate " the support of the Black community . it 's they power base ... CUT to : int . hoover's office - day Hoover take a couple moment before say he next word . hoover well , then we be go to take that power away from that bastard . rodger ( over ) you mean ... hoover yes , that 's exactly what I mean . and agent rodger ?... this conversation never occur . Hoover hang up . CUT to : ext . fishing boat - day men wander the deck as rodger and dorsett stare off the bow at the Bay . tony keep a eye on they from a distance . a booming dorsett rodger this be no good . rodger cut the crap , you have be take the man 's money for year . now it 's time you earn it . voice grab they attention . trafficante ( over ) gentlemen !!! forgive I for keep you . a immaculately dress man -- louis trafficante -- step out . smooth as silk , he every movement spell mafia . trafficante odd be not it Chief dorsett ? no matter how much we try to deny it , we find ourselves on the same side of the coin . it 's almost funny ... trafficante settles easily into a deck chair . dorsett 's look mildly indignant . dorsett to be quite honest it turn my stomach . rodger neither you stomach or you opinion matter here dorsett ... what matter be that Mr. trafficante and the Bureau have come up with a solution to we panther Problem . one might say ... the final solution . trafficante well put . as you and agent rodger know , my organization have move into narcotic . it be decide that this product would be confine to the ghettos . however , you and you police department have make operation in oakland impossible . I take delivery of shipment and they sit . I -- and my associate -- lose money . vast sum of money . now , you have some very large problem with the Black community . rodger more like a revolution . West oakland 's turn into hostile territory . trafficante I assure you the pacify property of heroin be quite remarkable . see , junkie 's politics be different from yours and mine . for they the only Party 's the next fix . dorsett deal dope ... and you want the department to turn a blind eye while you turn oakland into a city of zomby . trafficante not the entire city , just one troublesome part . dorsett and what if it spread to the rest of the population ? trafficante relax , Chief . that will never happen . I gotta little gypsy in I . soon the mooly gonna be too busy -- we will sell them a few gun too -- blow each other brain out over the stuff to be fuck with protest . now I have get the product . what I need be a center of operation and someone to oversee the movement of the product . not one of my people but a native , someone inside the community . rodger I do not think that will be any problem ... dorsett you talk as if this thing 's already be decide . rodger hit dorsett with a pierce glare . rodger it have . CUT to : int . rita's apartment - day judge and little bobby sit , finish dinner as rita bustles around clear dish , be a mom ... in the background , the tv play , its sound turn down . rita glad to see you boy eat like that . no wonder either you be both look like scarecrow . do not sleep , do not eat , be not no way to live ... little bobby it 's good to be skinny , easier to run from fat cop . ( he eye catch the tv ) hey what 's that ? casually , everyone glance at the television . horror hit rita be face . rita oh no ... Dr. King ... close up : television - king assassination footage : the balcony ... abernathy , Young , Jackson point to where the shot come from as Dr. King bleed on the cement int . rita's brownstone - day everyone stare at the television . rita have drop a BOWL on the floor . Little Bobby 's face be cover with tear . rita oh lord , please god no . no. little bobby they kill he . he never hurt nobody . they kill he .. CUT to : footage : America explode into riot . ext . market STREET - day the panther trot over to where three young men face a SMALL grocery . one 's hold a gas can . young man that 's right burn the mother down . reverend slocum step from the shadow . slocum hold on there , exactly what be you boy do ? young man send a message ... they shoot Dr King ... we burn they ... slocum what good 's burn we neighborhood down . young man # 2 fuck you . it get tense . then a voice come from a side STREET . voice brother ... you best clean out you head , or we will do it for you . turn , the young man spot a cadre of panther -- tyrone , alma , and Little Bobby move toward they . tyrone reverend 's right , you burn the neighborhood , you be just do the pig 's work for he . and we sure as hell be not gonna stand for that . dig ? eyeing the deadly serious panther , the man back down . young man I dig . but how we gonna let them know we be not gonna take this shit . alma you know where Black panther headquarters be ? you come on down there , speak you mind , listen . organize . young man I do not know ... tyrone ( grab the can ) later for that ... be there . Rev. slocum gaze at the panther with new respect as they head off into the night . int . panther headquarters - night tense , angry , the panther meet . flanke by two panther bodyguard , eldridge speak pure rage . eldridge no more word !!! no more god damn word !! no more sit , no more praying for the pig to stop kill we . later for lie down . later for wait to get shot like dog . nonviolence have die in Memphis , die with Dr. King . we must retaliate . we have get the fuck gun , it 's time to use they . bodyguard off the pig man . off the god damn pig . Bobby seale -- he eye steely -- interrupt . bobby brother eldridge ... I hear you . but I disagree . and we both know huey disagree too . yeah , we get the gun , but the Pigs get more . the pig have get the National Guard . I be not afraid to fight . but we be not stupid either . we get to be smart , not angry . eldridge later for that ... tyrone ( piss ) no man ... later for you ! what ? we gonna forget huey and he trial ? start kill pig , start the revolution now . with we leader in jail ? we do that and huey 's a dead man . we be all dead . no man , we stay cool . eldridge what ? you give I order now ? tyrone just tell you what it be . eldridge fuck that . it 's time to intensify the struggle . that be what it be . indignant , eldridge storm out -- he guard follow . bobby ( watch they leave ) fuck. int . visiting room - day Bobby seale -- haggard , concerned -- face huey under the watchful eye of a guard . huey you get to sit on eldridge ... bobby man , El - rage be El - rage . you know he , huey yeah , I do , but he 's gotta cool it ... ext . STREET - oakland - night title : oakland california april 6 , 1968 SMALL house sit quietly on this tree line street , as ... car full of cop screech into frame blast eldridge fire back . a couple of other panther scatter as eldridge pull little bobby towards a house for safety . eldridge c'mon . ext . basement - night eldridge tumble down stair , little bobby right behind he . they hunker down in the basement , sweat . eldridge check he leg -- blood soak he pants . ext . house - night half a dozen police car screech to a stop in front of the house . cop pop up , armed to the tooth . int . basement - night bullet tear through the room as eldridge and Little Bobby hit the deck . it 's a ferocious volley of fire , hundred of shell pour through the thin wall . ext . house - night for a second the gunfire stop . a sergeant make a motion to he man . tear gas rifle appear . the cop fire gas canister through the basement wall . int . basement - night smoke choke the room , as Little Bobby and eldridge , blind hack , crawl along the floor . little bobby papa E , we get to get out of here . eldridge thinks for a second . eldridge take off you clothes . little bobby what ? eldridge ( undress ) take ‘em off . Pigs be not gonna shoot a unarm , naked man . where they gonna say you hide a gun . little bobby no man I can not . eldridge later for that . just do it . ext . house - night hand up , eldridge and Little Bobby emerge from the house . eldridge 's naked , Little Bobby 's fully clothed . cop descend on they , grab they . cop # 1 ( point to a car ) go on , get in that car fucker , and do not try nothing . move very slowly , eldridge head for the car . eldridge I be not resisting arrest ! ! suddenly , a cop shove Little Bobby forward . he stumble a bit , out in the open , exposed . a volley of shot rip through Little Bobby . tearing he up , killing he in moment . ext . police car - night next to the car , eldridge stare horrify at Little Bobby 's ruin body . a sergeant stand nearby . a cop approach the sergeant hold a .22 pistol . cop he be go for this ... eldridge ( disgust ) motherfucker ... wham ! the sergeant pistol whip eldridge into unconsciousness the screen go black . ext . panther hq - day opposite the huey poster , a new image hang -- little bobby 's picture . a memorial to a panther 's martyr . ext . cemetery - day a SMALL casket lower into the ground . panther pay they respects . the crowd with judge , alma , tyrone , rita , and rev . slocum disperse . alma Little Bobby ... just a kid ... tyrone ( somber ) they be hurt we , baby . huey lock up . Bobby seale run all over the country hold thing together . cy dead . Little Bobby ... I do not recognize half the face at meeting . tyrone 's eye judge suspiciously . tyrone ' cept he ... strain show on he face , bobby seale head over . bobby look ... I gotta get on a plane tonight . huey 's trial 's start . I need you to make sure there 's a strong panther presence there . tyrone what about cleaver ? you get he out on bail , do not you ? bobby yeah ... but well , thing be too hot . eldridge and Kathleen ... ext . highway - day tyrone watch from the window of eldridge's plymouth as eldridge and Kathleen climb out of the car and into the back of a old pickup truck . bobby ( over ) ... they be gonna disappear ... montage : footage : newspaper JULY 15 , 1968 the headline read : newton trial begins . int . panther hq - day a absolute madhouse of activity , alma , judge and tyrone juggle phone , fill box with pin . everywhere the word : free huey can be see . end montage : int . warehouse - night rodger and dorsett sit face two black men , one be name shorty , the other we can not see . dorsett look ill . he pop a tum . brimmer be there too , look very unhappy . rodger so you enjoy you little " vacation ? " voice I tell you , Vegas do not have much flavor . but it be alright . good to get back to the neighborhood though . rodger that 's what we want to talk to you about . we have a proposition for you . one that will make you the most powerful man in West oakland ... the camera move . we see the man rodger be talk to -- sabu . sabu ( smile ) I be all ear ... ext . san francisco BAY - dusk sunset paint the water peaceful color a night fall . int . judge's apartment - night it 's late as judge lay on he bed , stare at the ceiling , torture . boom ! judge door fly off its hinge . brimmer storm in -- mean , drunk . he 's on judge in a second -- handcuff he . judge hey ... what the hell you do ? brimmer shut up . just shut the fuck up . ext . BAY bridge - night brimmer' car pull onto the bridge . int . brimmer be car - night apprehensive , judge eye brimmer from the back seat . judge brimmer what 's with you man ? Stone silent , brimmer take a deep swig from a pint bottle . ext . BAY bridge - night brimmer 's car approach the center of the Bridge , then keep go . int . brimmer be car - night judge stare at brimmer 's back , relieved , confuse . brimmer ( mumble , load ) twenty year asshole . twenty year on the force . I have see some fuck up stuff . done some fuck up stuff ... ( a beat ) but nothing like this ... ext . BAY bridge - night brimmer 's car pull over on the shoulder past the toll booth . he yank judge out of the car . then uncuff he . brimmer go! run ! go on ! get the fuck out of here ! ! judge what ? so you can shoot I ? call it resisting arrest ? brimmer I be not gonna shoot you judge . look ... it 's over . just run away . get out . stay away from oakland . Cause it 's go ... it 's go . judge brimmer you be fuck up ... brimmer yeah ... I be fuck up . you be fuck up . government 's fuck up . Whole country 's fuck up . you get no idea what 's go on here . this be bigger than you and I . we be just little tiny soldier get move around on some big asshole 's desk . the panther ... fuck you be history ... they kill you and you do not even know it . judge who 's they ? brimmer ( rambling on get into he car ) drug judge , they be gonna flood West oakland with dope . Jack you up and string you out like a two dollar whore . and while the community 's shuffle for a fix , they be gonna snuff every panther they can find . judge who ? I mean besides the FBI ? brimmer I do not know . except , it 's one of you . maybe not a panther , but it 's someone from the neighborhood . judge . look , just go . get away . it 's over . you lose . ( a beat ) we all lose . brimmer 's car lumber away , kick up gravel . judge -- think furiously -- stare after it . the bridge loom up in the background , dwarf judge . judge fuck that . ai not nothing over . ext . BAY bridge - dawn judge walk across the bridge head back to oakland . ext . judge's place - day judge , weary approach he building . he spin , startle , as something move in the alleyway . a voice call out . voice ( 0.s. ) judge ... judge move into the alley , eye adjust to the darkness . judge Rose ? rose ( scared ... whisper ) yeah ... look man , what I gotta say . it 's just you , I and the rat , right ? alright ... well ... sabu 's back . judge motherfuck ... well then I get something to do . rose no ... wait , there 's something else , something weird . I hear he 's set up down at that warehouse on fifty deuce . he 's talk big and live bigger . realization dawns on judge . judge God damn it 's he . I gotta go . rose judge man . watch yourself . sabu 's get juice now . judge you do not even know it man , but you be a god damn hero . judge bolt out the alley . rose stare after he . int . visiting room - jail - day mos : judge and huey talk earnestly through a glass partition . ext . step - alameda county courthouse - day alma and tyrone stand at the front of a huge crowd stand vigil for huey be trial . crowd no more brother in jail off the pig ! the pig be gonna catch hell off the pig! Revolution have come off the pig ! time to pick up the gun off the pig ! int . courtroom - day newsmen cover every available seat , frantically write note as the prosecutor finish examine the wounded police officer from the shoot -out . charle garry , huey 's lawyer , a white man in a rumple suit , sit next to huey , with a strange smile on he face ... prosecutor now you say that it be huey Newton that open fire without any provocation what make you so sure ? it be a dark night , there be a lot of confusion . wounded cop well , sir I be there . prosecutor that 's right you be . ( to the jury ) he be there . he see everything . and he be not on trial . he do not need to lie to save he life . ( to garry ) you witness . garry thank you . ( to the judge ) if it would please the court , I would like to introduce testimony of a new witness . one who be not on trial for he life and ... one who be there also . I call gene mckinney to the stand . a murmur ripple through the court as gene mckinney take the stand . the prosecutor go red with rage . prosecutor objection , who be this man ? garry this be a eyewitness to the shoot . the passenger in huey Newton 's car . judge overrule Mr. garry you may examine you witness . garry Mr. mckinney , be you a passenger in the car on the night of October 28 , 1967 . gene yes sir I be . garry and do you witness the shoot -out ? gene yes sir , I do . garry from what you see , do huey Newton start the shoot ? gene no sir he do not . more murmuring , the prosecutor look dumbfounded . garry huh , well then ... ( a pause ) do someone else start shoot ? gene I refuse to answer the question on the grounds it might incriminate I . the courtroom explode in shock and amazement . garry do you shoot the officer in question ? gene again I will take the fifth amendment on that question . mayhem , the prosecutor begin yell . the judge bang he gavel , and the jury look very confuse . CUT to : int . panther hq - day excite , alma slam down a phone . every set of panther eye be on she . alma that be garry . ( smile ) he say they be gonna come back with manslaughter . young panther what 's that mean ? tyrone it mean youngblood , huey 's out in less than two year . he be not gonna get the chair . he might not be free yet , but brother and sister he be not go to die . a cheer ripple through the room . alma hug tyrone . tyrone I gotta call Bobby ... tyrone reach for the phone , it ring before he can pick it up . tyrone , Black panther Party . rodger ( over ) congratulation asshole . huey get off , but we just get you boy Bobby seale . CUT to : ext . highway kidnapping ( black / white ) - day police car on a highway force a panther wedding caravan off the road . gun draw , cop rip seale from the car , drag he on he back toward a unmarked car . tyrone ( over ) who the fuck be this ? rodger ( over ) the tooth fairy . and I get a present for you . guy who help we get Bobby his name 's judge . CUT to : int . panther h.q. - day click , the line go dead . tyrone smack the phone into it 's cradle . grim -face , tyrone look to alma . int . rose be - night something move outside , Rose turn drop he wine . it 's sabu and Shorty . sabu fire ... kill Rose and he dog . int . panther hq - night judge move into the dark , sense on alert . something 's wrong . suddenly he 's attack . he flip he assailant as the light snap on . tyrone have judge in a choke hold , alma have he at gun point . judge fuck be up ?! tyrone mothafucker ! you just set Bobby seale up to be kidnap . they drag he off to some bullshit conspiracy trial in Chicago . how much the pig pay you for this one , judge ? ( pull out he gun and cock it ) judge 's hand fly out , grab ahold of tyrone 's gun hand . neither move a muscle , judge stare at tyrone . judge you get it wrong . alma , put she 38 to judge 's face . alma let he go . and drop you piece . outgun , judge obey . CUT to : ext . grove STREET - night two cop car move slowly toward panther hq . int . cop car - night a angry cop light a cigarette as he partner drive past panther hq . angry cop can not believe that rat bastard be not go to the chair . that Newton turd should be take out and shot . point to the wicker poster , the driver smile . partner how about a little target practice ? int . panther hq - night glaring at judge , tyrone 's finger tightens on the trigger . judge ( dead serious ) you better just kill I tyrone . and when huey get out , when oakland 's just wall to wall junky , you tell he you blow away the only chance we all get . I be sure he will be real happy about that . tyrone , what be you say ? judge the pig be gonna start flooding we with dope . huey want we to stop they . tyrone bullshit ... alma tyrone hold on ... blam !! a shot from outside shatter the window . the trio dive for cover . another shot wing alma . ext . panther hq - night out front , four cop in two car , FIRE on the office . bullet rip into the poster of huey and little bobby . int . panther hq - night tyrone , gun still on judge , huddle on the floor . screech tire can be hear outside , the cop leaving . tyrone chickenshits ? what you bring you buddy with you ? judge no man no !! tyrone listen ... we get to move man , they get a warehouse ... tyrone shut the fuck up !! alma appear she leave arm bloody . alma tyrone ... tyrone oh shit alma ... you be ... alma I be okay ... listen to I ... ( serious ) let 's go with judge , check it out . tyrone , what ?!? do not tell I you be buy this ? a tense moment , alma look from judge to tyrone . alma yeah , I believe he . and you do too . after a moment of think , tyrone rise . then he pick up judge 's .45 . alma grab she own gun . tyrone alright , but no fuck around . ext . warehouse - night two black thug stand on opposite side of the warehouse door , check out the street . int . eldridge's car - night tyrone - in the passenger seat , a gun on judge -- stare at the warehouse from the car . alma , she arm roughly bandaged sit in back . alma that be not cop . tyrone and they sure be not from the neighborhood . figure sabu 's in there ? judge yeah with a whole load of drug . so , you trust I now ? tyrone take he .38 off judge , then cock judge 's .45 and hand it to he tyrone , brother , I be not get a choice ... int . warehouse office - night sabu be talk quietly with trafficante 's right hand man , tony . shorty and three burly black bodyguard stand nearby . suddenly sabu hear and sound and pull he gun . shorty fuck be that ? sabu check the back . suddenly gunfire rip out . tony disappear as Shorty get take down . one of the thug nail tyrone in the shoulder , judge retaliate blast he backwards . judge ( help tyrone up ) you alright ? tyrone not really . gimme the key for the trunk . alma move shakily from the back seat . tyrone ( to alma ) stay here , watch this door . anybody besides I and judge step out kill they . alma -- ever the soldier -- nods . int . warehouse warily , judge and tyrone step in . tyrone 's bleeding heavily . judge hold a gas can . it 's quiet . too quiet . tyrone there it be ... on a table in the corner of the dark warehouse sit box , vial and a stack of glassine bag - fill with powder . judge ( hand the can over ) shut the motherfucker down . I will find sabu . tyrone move to the table . a bullet hit he in the leg . another rip into judge , drop he to the floor . sabu ( over ) you just do . int . warehouse - night tyrone drop , he gas can spilling out over the floor . judge roll -- operate like a soldier -- empty the .45 into the bodyguard # 1 . sabu and the other bodyguard disappear into the shadow . ejecting the clip from the .45 and slam a fresh one in . he get to he foot , limping into the darkness . a noise sound , judge whirl fire , drop bodyguard # 2 . judge turn come eye to eye with a .45 , hold by a very high sabu . sabu Drop the gun panther man . pistol push against judge 's skull , sabu move around to judge 's side . judge drop the gun . sabu all you mighty militant bullshit , man you do not know what fuck time it be do you ? dig it ( hold up a bag of cocaine ) this be power baby . judge sabu you sorry motherfucker ... sabu sorry ? not I not now . this be my time not yours . Black panther ? who the fuck be you . promise everything to everyone . well fuck that . I get mine ... now y'all get yours ... brother . sabu cock the gun . judge spin , bat sabu 's gun hand away . judge you be not my fuck brother !! bullet tear through sabu as tyrone fire from the ground . tyrone , damn straight . int . warehouse - night judge and tyrone help each other up ... from behind a crate , the second bodyguard bolt toward the door . gunfire blare out , blast the bodyguard across the room . alma appear in the doorway . tyrone , alma I tell you to ... alma ( icy calm ) fuck that , we have get company ... ext . warehouse - night police car pull up in front . armed to the tooth with riot gun , half a dozen cop take up position behind the car . int . warehouse - night alma -- hide in the shadow -- watch the window . behind she . tyrone -- badly hurt -- lean against the wall next to she . behind they judge finish pour out the gas can . alma judge ... hurry ! throw that can away , judge smile at tyrone . judge hey , brother you get a match ? gun shot rip through the wall as the cop OPEN FIRE . ext . warehouse - night riot gun pour lead into the building a la the Fred hampton massacre . today , the police be take no prisoner . behind the police , rodger watch the mayhem , shaking he head . whatever the outcome , the operation 's over . alone , he walk back to he car . int . warehouse - night tyrone crawl across the floor , leave a trail of blood toward judge and alma . judge motherfucker ... tyrone ( hurt bad ) look ... you ... take she and get the hell out of here . I will keep ‘em busy . alma no ... tyrone ( to judge ) you gotta . you gotta stay alive . you know what they be try to do here . you get the pig dead to rights . it 's like huey say , you be more important than any of we . judge we will all get out of here together . tyrone , later for that . I be do either way ... another barrage of bullet rip through the wall . one graze tyrone 's arm . his gun slide across the floor . the pistol settles ominously in front of alma . she look over it at tyrone . they eye lock . tyrone go ... click ! clack ! faster than a think , alma check , clear and cock the pistol . she hand it to tyrone . tragic understanding flow between they . grabbing the pistol , tyrone scoot across the floor . alma tyrone !!! near the door , tyrone turn to judge and raise he fist . tyrone , power to the people . ext . warehouse - night flame leaping up behind he , tyrone , pure defiance , step out and face the cop . the image freeze . gunfire cut through the air . the moment be freeze , in time , in history , in legend . slowly , the image dissolves . fading into ... ext . panther headquarters superimposed over the warehouse flame , the bullet - riddled poster of huey and little bobby stare out , like a legacy ... or a warning . CUT to : ext . close - up : sidewalk - day concrete , crack and dirty , fill the frame . a SMALL foot step onto the pavement . ext . 55 th and market - day a stoplight hang at the once deadly intersection . school kide wait at the corner . the light change and they step safely into the street . judge ( over ) the community get the streetlight ... finally . but the way I see it ... the screen goe black . a title appear in 1970 there be 300000 addict in the U.S. yesterday , there be 3 million ... judge ( over ) the struggle continue ... the end