oe . George Justin sep 8 1972 paper mo on screenplay by alvin sargent base on the novel , '' addie pray " by joe david brown directore producer : peter bogdanovich saticoy production 4oco Warner boulevard pinal revised draft burbank , California 843-6000 paper moon tow ! movie screen 2 Chevalier and jeanette macdonald , in " the merr be dance in a great hall with a thousand of a few patronsscatter about . camera movis to show the child , a candy bar in heyhand , as she be enrapture by ckevalier and jeanette . pfter a few moment , we hear the loud\whisoer of a woman 's yolce from the rear of the theatre . angle cn a plump , middle - age wonkn amiss ollie ) move down the aisle , whisper as she yome forward , try to focus she eye in the darkness , stop at a row of . seat ) that you ? yoman move into frame and sit in\a seat behind the chfld and lean towards she . miss ollis ( whisper ) addie , come on outside with I , honey . addie continue to eat she candy bar , shake he watch the movie . ( contin ~ addie xoggins be nine year old . she stare wit C . sharp exe at the screen . Dark , baggy overall {flannel shirt . her face already show hard ugh . protective . observant . she / be form the vulnerable crack be hardg hree time , gide with I , ( bause ) honey , I gotta falk to ya ' bout addie continue / to stare at har . wait . '' of they just sit there look 4 somehow or other in the midst of thy be match the film . one another and tragic news , the : miss ollie do not you wanta cry , child ? addie shake she head . finally miss Ollie get wp and addie be up with she and the two of they move up the aisle . addie look back to get one last glimpse of the kovie . the glorious sweep of the dancer to the merry widow waltz . dissolve to : 6 ext . graveyard ~ day ' a hillside . addie dress fin she one , shabby dress with a loose hem . ( continued ) aff _ 10 continued : she be stand at a open grgve , the casket already lower . she stare into the hole , herjeye as cold as ever . near she igs miss Ollie and the minjster and he wife . the latter sing in a flat soprano . " adieu , adieu , a long farewell my face you will see of more so plain it 4s wit I shall come home we hear the noise of a car mo ... it be chugge and eouh and gurgle and bacifire and finally hiss to a stop . the funeral party stop the service to look 0.8 . there Pov = a oid ford Broken down , a bumper miss , a locse heed , @ steaming radiator , have come to a stopjon the road at the bottom of the cemetery hill . in it be |/ mose ( moze ) pray , in he aarly thirty , hot and sweaty , wear a straw hat and a suitcoat and suit pants but from different suit . he lock up towards the funeral service . back to mourner they continue the service . naither will T g digsembler . " pavor moze - ghite out of car as he do , we can see the adat with the spring pop through , a box of cracker on| th. dashboard , a generally deteriorate interior . he carry a Bible and move jp the hillside towards the service . he pick up some flower from another grave on the way . favor addie as she stare at she mother 's jcoffin . ( ccn'tinued } a 10 il 13 continued : 's m " T have harry t of evil doer ; and with the wick . '' ter congregation ll net .sit favor miss ollie and the minester be wirt moze approach and stand aflongside of the grave opposite from addie . m " gather not my 1 nor my life with ter @ with sinner loody man . " close on addis lock into tha grave . ster' voice mischief and 's full of bribe . " " in whose hand they right hand favor moze size up the situation . Ollie , next to she , who have they speak in whisper . es at addie , then at miss be wonder who he 1s . mo howdy . miss Ollie nod , lock hin continue . and dewn as the service loggins funeral ? mo ! yes , mar 'am . the service continue . moz he a moment across the ope he , study addie ; then , t lock at addie woo glare at grave , miss Ollie study moze : 9/1/72 13 14 5 . continued : mo : ( put jsome ~ thing tdgether ) no kin , eh ? ' cept out in dq ... seem ya none we know of . Missouri somewhe a friend . if evey a child need a friend . the service continue . mqze figure thing out . amen . addie look into the grave Minister take she by the the Minister 's wife and '' leave dlone . he look down @ moment more , then the bhoulder and move she away . bs Ollie move with they . moze into the grave . amen , Essie mae ass be still warn . I just know you he toss in the flower as grave and begin to shove ] a old man approach the in the dirt . moze look off at the fundral party and start after they . new shot - addie , minister , minister' wife , ollig moze approach , look af addie . bless you , child . j just want to pay my respects . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 continued : moze ( cont would ) get goin ' . it 's a long way to pes Moines . hallelujah . he turn and start of : . minister' wife you mean in towa ? moze matam . TI , uh ... Des Moines ? that 's I bl soe sell thel go movin ! throu , the Lord 's gi minister' wife do not you have you y grigg livin ' in . addie , child aunt billie St , Joseph . to | moze ) issourl . miss ollie a's only know St. Joseph , it 's the chi relative . moze that so ? minister you chariot east , sir . you could deliver this child to she kin folk . moze intt exactly a chariot . minister' wife I will write thdy woman a letter tonight . well , now it moze well , now , waif on here ... I do not know ... I have|to give this a bit of think . uld be I might have to make a stop|here and there . and I be not never travel with a little child before . ( continued ) co 14 15 16 continued : ( 2 ) pause . well ... in the eye of the Lord , I 'spect I have n®& choice , do I ? er' wife hallelujahl God work in mysterious way . pavcr moze ( a mow smirk ) do not hea now . int . ford - moving = day addie 's small suitease be inf the back seat . on she lap be the cigar box , well tie . ag she side be she radio . she wear she overall and a olf , black cloche hat from she mother 's room . they ride in silence . addie tmove quickly as the spring on the seat sting she rear } she look dow at it , then straight ahead , as the fordjbuck and spit and rumble and manage to move on . wiihout look : buh ? ' Cause I be goin ' that way , honey . he smile , then lock ahead . and after a moment : ( continued ) 16 continued : os moze ( although I do wanta make just one stop ' fore we leave stow . get a little business t'tdke care of . ( pause ) . add you know my mama repl good ? mo oh , pretty good . 17 ext . kansas feed & flour co . the pickup have drive in , a lead addie with he toward t mccracken , kansas to the office shack . moze offica . - 18 int . grainary cffice - dat mr . thompson , a small , fat , lding man in shirtsleeve , be work at a desk . the depr open and moze look in . Mo Mr. Thompson ? : thompson ( unpleasarst ) thatts right . : moz Mr. Thompson , I would eike a minute of you time . : tecmpson not buyin ! teday . - moze not sellin’ , Mr , Thompson . just want you t'meet sanebody . just take a second . moze open the door quickly . 19 ext . grainary office : moze take addie 's arm . she carry she cigar box . moze ( whisper ) De not you say a word , ' less I ask you to . '' he pull she inside . 9/1/72 9 . 20 int , office moze come in with add#e who stand , confuse , in the middle of the room . me. Thompson look at she , then he look at moze who stand proudly at the side of Thompson 's desk . finally : : '' rrompson so what ? i moze fall he you name , honey . addie addie . moze addie what , honey ? addie ( not understanding ) addie loggins . Thompson react . moze see the reaction and quickly move addie to the door . moze ya do fine . I will be out ina minute . ee all but push she out and close the door behind she . he turn and look at Mr. Thompson who be look at he with cold , narrow eye . . moze ai not she a sweet child ? thompson Ho ... she be not a sweet child . moze well , maybe she do not seem sweet right now , but that 's ' cause she 's gat . that be , with she mema bein ! dead , what with you brother gettin ! drunk and drivin ' the wey he do inta that tree . thompson what be you tryin ' t'pull ? get '' outa here . '' : a ext. office addie near the deor . she can hear . ( continued ) al continued : back into 10 . | thcmpson' voice get out of here ! | moze' voice Z will get out . but let I tell you where I be gonna go . thcmpson' voice I do not sare where you be gonna go . moze' voice I be gonna go to Mr. J. T. deed . office . moze {nervously — he 's no pro ) you mow who Mr. J. T. deed be ? he 's one of the biggest lawyer in Kansas and he do not favor the man with the money . he favor the man without it . and you know what 's gonna happen to you ? . there 's gonna be a lawsuit ' gainst you brother . not N you know what happen then ? you bet you know . all he money , just gonna be tie up in knot , just sittin ! there . that mean ever'thing . his bankin ' money , he house and ever'thing he own '' ( goot ) '' half this plant . ea ! ' N do not think that pore child be not entitle . ' Cause she be ! Thompson simply glare at he . moze grow a little nervous now as he-rub he face and then take a obviously ' act ' pose of strength , moze . io be figurin ' , uh ... ( lock to the fleor ) : eee couple thousand dollar would be acceptable . thcmpson couple thou «= I '11 give you two hundred . moze two hundred dollar ? ( continued ) 22 — '' 23 a4 25 26 | 1 . continued : | thompson two hundred dollar . eh moze hesitates a beat , then look at he pocket watch . and then back to Thompson . | they exchange look . moze it 's a deal . ' 4 ext . jayhawk auto part ST a large , paint sign read : ete. , hang on the front of pord be there with its cover mechanic , be putt have a small , metal pin it 's obvious that some c the car , include four b : somberly at the side of t hold she cigar box as 's a bill as moze , quite plea . to the new radiator cap . pleased . '' garage work " , tire , hubcap , the wooden structure . the ed up . grover , a grease= @ on a new radiator cap . it 1 in it that spin in the wind . ‘\derable work have be do cn no new tire . addie be stand garage , watch all this , @ do . grover begin to add up ed , kick the tire and then go la blow . at it . it spin . he 's favor grover as he finish up the bill that will be , uh . sixty - seven dollar and fif four cent . m you sure this tire be new ? G sixty -seven dol and fifty= - four cent . moze reach into he poct and privately turn to take out a wad of money . favor addie stare at hin . close cn moze look to addie . in no time . 27 28 ext . train depot ~ day moze at the ticket window . the Station master look ou he pov - addie at the far end of the depot suitcase , she radio and he : back to moze and station the Station master lock at tickat , start clipping a mo ! when 's the next t josegh ? ST . ( checkdi uh , St. Joseph ... wee there 's the 4 ya into St. joa a two . schedule ) let 's see here 14 -— that will get nine and fifty - m itd like one chil ' seprice ticket , please . . over the counter . cigar box . ter sv , that will be ' leven fifty - five . mo : ( take the ticket and hand Station master g plece of pap per ) 'n iowant to send / this here telegram . right billie Roy grigg cosmo Road , in 8t. Joseph . ( readin bringin ' love , twenty dollar cqsh ... better make that twenty7five dollar cash . " sign it just addie leggins . stand quietly with she ithe complicated strip of punch hole , etc . ( continued ) 12 . finally : 29 30 31 13 . continued : fen word . tha more cent . Le eighty - five and five , if we car twelve and thir fll be eighty - five '' see , thatts eleven and forty - the ought ... ( get shan twelve and thir eo im1l tall message there twenty dollar the Station master make the money . ) y , huh . well , uh '' make it in the have , affection and ash . he change and moze count out tation master Love , affection and twenty dollar eash . angle on addie stare sadly at the railroad track . she lock up . her Pov ~ moze finish up the transaction . then he turn and start towards camera , pull back to show addie as he approach she . stop in front of she . moze there 's you ticket . ' N here 's twenty dollar for you aunt _ billie . put it in she pocket . he stand around self - consciously , then ha look at bis watch . moze we get ' t1l four fifteen ... ( beat ) do not suppose ya can wait here by yourself , can ya ? she do not answer . ( continued ) 31 32 14 , continued : moze ya hungry ? ( pause ) ya want a nehi and a coney Island ? they exchange look . int . diner - . addie and moze at the counter . the waitress and a few other custqmer in b.g. maze be eat heartily . the radio plays . addie just 'sduare at she hot dog and drink . she also look at they efflection in the mirrer behind the counter , moze have he eye ort 's the eatress when she 's nearby . then he look at addie . / t you worried ! bout : coin ! on the train ? you be gotna like the train . do not worpy ' bout it . ai not nobody do not care for you mama . you mand be a / fine woman , / ( continued ) 32 15 . continued : ws // he be not . for oze de 't know you ever ' body say well , ever ! bo mama , do they ? j ; ( paus¢ ) ; addie how good you wnow my mama ? moze good encugh tp knaw you can be real proud off all the happiness she give t'pepple . eat you coney Island ye addie you meet herfin a barroom ? like that ? addie I hear miss pllie falk to the neighbor lady . they be wonderin ! pa . , i moze addie you my pa ? : moze : ' course I aim't you pa . ee get up and reach slap it on she hot dog . coney island 's no good without relish . addie stare at the dog} do not eat it . then she look at moze . ( continued ) 32 continued : ( 2 ) mo ! now leok , I know lose my mar , too . pace ( wonderi dentt know where e +. look , I wish ya I be you pa bw like that . sister be could tell it just be not mean he 's coney Island . well , then ... iffyou be not my pa ... I want my fwo hundred dollar . i how 's that ? iz dre dollar . t he ) h the door a , and it 's and I want it . I go my two h ( look I hear ya thro talkin ' to that my money you ge zeb now just hold a second ... I want my money cloude : you tock my two oze ; alright , alright ... just hold meas ( more ) ( continued ) 32 continued : ( 3 ) ° 17 . moeze ( cont would ) ( smile bt the customer let I explain something ! t' you ... it be not as how yqu be my pa -- that would be differeqt well , I be not yo pa , so get it out of you head , fou understand ? to do not care what ehose neighbor lady say . than you do that cd ey Island . eat the dam thing will you ? but it 's possible , jai not it ? ' mozy no , it be not poset like a bulifreg , byy she be not the damn thing 's mdther . 32 continued everybody : ( 4 ) , 18 . / hing 's possible . ake it true . add it 's possible . Mo damn it , child , a but possible do not will you quiet dow be look now . mo ! ( softly ) you do not have no that 's the trouble '' I do get sche mon man . well , youtre that . and I be ent share for gettin ! I mean it be not you be ? some orp where . you think spend a penny to 3 no sir . but who '' t' St. Joe ? who go a coney Island ? ' twenty dollar ext five cent for the I , you would not h I do not have to t ya a nehi and I throw in a , plus eighty - telegram . without have any of that . fa you at all , but I take ya , didh 't 1 ? ( pause ) well , I think that Is fair ' nuf . tn we be all bette to St. Joe and I go Fair 's fair . now and eat you Cone : off . you get a better car . rink you nehi Island . I do not even have dollar no more , 2 . add ( slowly ) if you do not give dollar , I be gonna how ya get it == ( more ) e my two hundred tell a policeman 19 . 32 continued : ( 5 ) ib ( cont would ) '' = and he will makq ya give it to I , ' cause it 's ( steam but I do not have ( growl ) then git it . moze 's fist hit the cougter . it all but rock the restaurant . everyone tugna / again . the waitress move to moze and addie . how we doin ' , . have a little finish up we I dunne . hq eat she dog ? addie turn to moze . h@ look at she . moze ( slo her name ain ' £ precious . 33 ext . depot ? moze and the Station ter . addie in b.g. moze I want my m@ney back on this here ticket . ' njsend this here telegram . ( hp write it of trip delayefl ... but be comin ! real soon . 34 ext . road - day the old Ford go byjp fast as it can . - 12 / ° 9/1/72 20 . 35 through omitted ay 42 ext , town STREET } day 42a 4ep kec yap de the Ford drive stop . moze @ gold cap over he take the br ip in front of a small house . the car 3 the little box out of he pocket , slip front tooth -~ as addie look on . then package and get cut . moze ( to addie ) you jus} slide down in the seat and be quiet . folk do not take look up ove the window . she look down at a newspaper where some ite : be circle . glance over at moze . ber pov moze approac : addie to see @ the front door , it be close enough for @ hear what 's go on . moze knock . ' ts a moment , slick he hair . take a flower from a wer pot for he lapel . addie look down at the newspaper . the circle ifem read ; " morgan , rudolph . Age 58 . die suddenly mond@y at twelve noon . service at masonic Lodge 72 wednesday} survive by he beloved wife , fearl . " look puzzle hear door open , look back at moze. 9/1/72 be . a woman open thef door . mrs , morgan , sixty , she face draw . mrs . morgan yes ? moze afternoqn , mar 'am . here to see Mr. mor '' please , mrs . morgan Mr. Mo : 2 43a ) addie react . looksfback down at paper . moze' voice ( hand she a card ) pray . mose pray . tell Dixie Bible company , he will talk . mrs . morcan orry , but Mr. morgen 's pass moze ( look at a receipt book about rudolph Morgan , mes . morgan ph , yes . he 's pass on . moze . matam , I be just talkin ! dolph not more and two week mrs . morgan 8 @ll talkin ! to rudolph two wee back . ( continued ) 9/1/72 , 22. 43b continued : moze awww , matam .£. now that 's just too ... well , j I just do not know what to say mrs . morgan what be itfyou be seein ! he about ? x moze well , you gee , matam . he order this here hible from I and <= mes . morgan Bible ? rugolph order a Bible ? moze yee , mat he order this here . deluxe modml with the lady 's name on the commer . 43 '' =©6addie look in the back# seat . 43d what she sees a carton of biblb and a small black press . her hand come in and pi up the press . mrs . morgan' voice moze' voice some special gift to a friend , but under the eireumgtance , I will give you back . Mr. mofgan 's dollar deposit and there po not be no obligation . - matam , { / I just do not know how to pat word the sense of sorrow < = 438 addie look at the gress . * mrs . morgan' voice I be in the corner ? '' mozet voice _ matan ... I be not sure exactly e he put in the comer ... ware 23 . 43p 43g 438 the PRESS it read , " lrae . addie turn the pressfupside down , curiously . the PRESS we can read itjnow -~ " peanl , " addie comprehension mawns . . moze' voice oh , bpre it be ... addie mouth [ the name " Pearl " as ; moze' voice peary . addie look out the window . her Pov mrs . morgan I be for fearl . moze >» then ... then he must have ht this here good book for mar 'am , mrs . morgan ( take the book ) ye he buy it for I . moze offcourse you be not oblige to tae it , mar 'am . mrs . morgan but of course I will take it . + dear , bless man . moze y thing be , matam , I tell rudolph zdfould sell he a cheaper Bible . ( more ) ( continued ) 9/1/72 aha continued : 445 addie react , a4 , moze ( cont would ) naturally want the best of course be edition with the name the child of the en letter , but no , he best , the leok at fhe press . grimace , mrs . morgan' voice + on yes , of course he mozey voice ip & balance due of uh ... 78 ? nine dollar . moze eight dglars . but like I say , mar 'am , der the circumstance ... mrs . morgan I will geé my purse . . moze keep mind , matam . you be not obligedj to anythin' . " mrs . morgan of courpe I be oblige . he order moze child of the manger with t! golden fetter , ma‘tam . mrs. morgan ( dreamily ) yesere g/1/72 45 at 24a , addie look mildly disgust . int . HOTEL room = night a tiny room with a sing sit on the bed . he 's be listen to the jac bed and a dresser . addie be radio be on a bed table . she benny progam . moze have make some make cushion and he coat , nift bed on the floor with the . he be try to sleep . ai not you goi and / t 'sleep ? rs do not ya wanta fear Jack benny ? nol she wait a beat , then silent . hold for a fe look at moze . rig off the radio . the room be moment , then addie turn and he 1s face away from fer . she take off she shoe . then she take off she ( ress . her cloche hat be still tightly on she head . ske slowly get into the bed in she underwear , sock and ha} , the light be still on . she reach for she cigar bdx , open it , bring out a halif - gmoke cigarette . ligh se shot = moze look up . he wait a foment , then get up from under he cover and move quic to the light switch . he be wear he pants and unHershirt . before he turn off the light he look towarfis addie . he stare at she a moment with she hat and pigarette . you be too young|to smoke . you be gonna set this wi ole place on fire ! ( continued ) a7 4g 50 the 25 . continued : she look at he coldly , as deeply , defiantly . he turn to he " bed " . the room be m' I now owe you one dollar and seven he take a drag and inhale off the light and get back k and silent . then , finally : Long pause . seventy -four . ext . road '' day the Ford on the move . the radiator cap spin . int . ford - moving they sit silently . a few mom 0.8. on foot with they every posgession in tow . a mother , father , some child , a older woman . they thing on they back , the child pugling hand cart . close on addie watch they . she look st aight at the read again . finally , after a few moment Frank D. rooseyal all feelin ' a lot moz , he do , do he ? add he make I feel be he say that . be in a long time . mo t'11 bet ol ! prank bure do wish you be twenty - one . say we be etter . Long pause . ( continued ) 51 52 26 . continued : addie y'do not like I do ya ? he turn to she . she stare down at she lap . then he look straight ahead . a long time pass . then : moze not I don't like ya ! shot = hand kneck on door . angle on door a middle - age woman answerg , afternoen , mar 'am ' cate might be wonderin ' Mr. Mr. cate be deag . a week ago . he die over a month back . . W what be 1t you m ( open the nama 's pray . Dixie Bible comp deliverin’ this . order . itm with the and I be ble Mr. cate : ww Bible ? a man approach the deor fpom inside the house . who be 1t ? we see a beer- belly man pistol holder on he belt out of he hip pocket . aring a badge with a empty da blg blackjack stick ( continued ) 53 54 55 27 . continued : a Bible . bahble ? what he say he to over a month b a well , mar 'am , L ' exact date , bu angle on addie in the c. lock towards moze on the badge . she can see gense that he be in a J edge of the porch . addie imow there be tro get heavy . ihe porch . she see the man with ze gesture in b.g . she can as he keep ease towards the le . we can hear the voice back to porch well , I do not s@e how ! Benjamin do not go nowhere 's near the shop for more and a mokth ' fore he die . in b.g. we can see addie petting out of the car . ozs I do get the ixed up . well , uh , mayb date a little new angle - favoring mo : what company y' fron ? say you be Dixie Bible ( per out of Biloxi . ( continued ) Dixie Bible compa : of no dixle Bible daddy ! moze turn , look 0.3 . the path to the house . ( contd can not we go now ? 28 . - pull she add : ck to show addie stand in sg tear in she eye . ) want to get to church and pray for mama . moze stare at she , bewilde : m oh , yeah . yeah . '' then quickly play the game . sire we can . ( move to she , put he 4rm around het ) daddy 's just fixin ' to leave . this here 's my little girl . just the two of we now . add : ( tearfully my mama 's go to moze so 's poor Mr. cates} honey . ( take outja dollar of : the man ) here 's the dollar deposit he give I . lat I we can do . know there 's anythin ! he turn and start quickly dgwn the path with addie . man ( shouting ) fold on there . wait one damn minute . moze and addie stop , turn . stopa and stare at the two @ man move down after then , then . man feoabiaet } he actua . do oxnder a bahble , huh ? ( continued ) 9/1/72 56 57 29 . continued : ( 2 ) he sure do . hefe it be , right here in gold . ( open fhe box ) for somebody calje Marie . that 's she , she be flee specially make my get the deluxe model . honey , but we gopta have a little goodness in cur boul , and considerin' the pircumstance < — int . the ford - moving addie and moze. silend® . moze be confuse . he do not kmow what he feel , he work at it , though . he look at | she , please , displease . finally : ( continued ) 57 58 30 . continued : ‘ive dollar and seventy - four cent his amile disappear . int . HOTEL rocm - night moze on the bed , some newspaper at he side . a bottle of pop in he hand as he stareg at addie . addie sita on the floor , she hat still on herjhead . she be stare at the radio a we listen to fibber mcgee and Molly . m '' voice ‘are you sure it be a pasaenger pigeon , mcgee ? " e's voice " why gure I be aude . I have see one every day for weqk . where 's oy hammer , where 's tool kit , where 's my screwdriver ? jI have get to make a trap . oh , I know , I leave it here in the hall closqt . " mqglyy' voice " do not open that lcloset , mcgee . '' ( a big he 's gonna open do it every we ) e closet ! he moze automatically look at{ the radio as we hear mcgee 's closet door open and the '' endless collection of junk inside it falis out . audiehee laughter and applause . moze lock at addie . ) how he 's gotta it . now he 's gonna sa clean the closet mo : eow would you like to business with I ? addie look at hin . do a little mer " gotta clean that of this day . '' '$ voice loset out one ( continued ) 9/1/72 58 continued : 31 . ib you mean ' stead of payin ! I back ? now , do not get nervous , itll pay ya back , I be jusft sayin ! while we be headin ' bagt , maybe we could to cheat ya or somethin’ . I be just makin ' ya a business proposition , take it or leave it . and turn off that radio{ you jllike to drive we all deaf with thalt radic . she turn it off , the room very silent . they exchange look . it would appear to be settle . but nobody smile or shake hand . '' all strictly business . ( contin ing ) but I want ya to / remember somethin' , you let I dacidg on the price . maybe you do not imow french , but there 's something ] in the world call " fine - ess } " ( get angrier ) twelve doliar . | I never sell no Bible for twelve|dollars . , that fficer . you coulda I do not care if ye get it , do not you go makin ! nojdecision . I will make the decision . all you have t'@o 1s look lika a pretty , little girl . he stare at she , she 1a girl . she be sudenly veuxy anything but a pretty , little self - conscious . ( continued ) 32 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) like a ribbon ip that cigar box , do you ? get my mama 's kimono in my suitcase . C a umbrella ? 59 int . general store - ade , moze , elderly saleslady ~ day the place be cramme with the various and sundry article of a amall town store . addie be now sport a large , yellow ribbon in she hair . d cloche hat in she hand . ' the ribbon ineongrucus with the regt of she attire . the saleslady and moze study she as she ldok at they with she cold poker face . salesladt . a with a ribbon . mize ) d not know she be ¥'look real ( defer I be a girl . well , make a fference . ai not she get 4 sweet , little face eee somehow . seein 's how I jist get pay today ese we will take pne ribbon each color . how mech that gonna set I back ? : that '11 be 25 '' . ] buy my grand just like that 59 continued : the woman take the fi five one and take ow to show addie in b.g. transaction . 33 . 5 grandchild , 2 ? I do not believe it . you break a five ? mi fat saleslady ( take / the bill ) you can believe lt all right . just as old as ( ashe m : here ya be , fifty , seventy - five , two , three , four , five dollar . oze ( a hef look in he lilet ) this old walleg 's gonna bust its side . you givin ' I back that five and [ ' 11 give you five ofme . how many grandchild ya get altogethe : le granddaughter and ten year old and neer sixteen and I thirty - five year old . two grandson get a grandso moze give the woman five one as she return he five dollar moze come on now , you be pullin ! oy leg . aw hecH , why do not I take '' ~ a ten dollar pill . ( give she back thq five ) that way I be sure not to be so fast not to gee it break apart . six child ] my , my , my . e and put it in the register with the a ten . she give it to moze . pan atching , sense something about the ( continued ) ' leslady ( put the ribbon a bag ) I have a daughter fifty - one year old . yzn ' to give you a b right imposaible to believe that ] you have get 4 fifty - one year pld child . moze qd to see it to believe it . yway , much oblige . see ya agein . . ytall come back . se moze and addie be outside and the woman watchea they through the window as they get into the Ford and drive off . after a moment , the woman move of the register . she atare at it . something be bother hpre . she push " no sale " . look at the money inside . she spem puzzle and take out the five dollar bill , then five ches , then she work hard to figure out 1 for something be wrong . wing ) not right ... some ~ pull back to ww moze and addie on a front porch . no cek again . then , from inside we hear the voice of a very disturb woman , 4 ( continued ) '' 60 61 62 . mother of nine ¢! 35 . condinued : moze ( call through door ) uh. nake 's pray , matam . Dixie Bible cohpany . what ? Dixie Bible ny , matam . could I talk to ninute ? ah carly ah's on the toilet ! addie and moze look at each other . shot - hand knoc pull back to ahow little more rund on docr - day ddie and moze on a front porch which be 4 than usual . < a tired ~ look woman with in she arma open the door . she be mrs . two other child hang onto she the can be heard ery in the b.g . mas . stanley yes ? moze lookin ' jfor Mr. stanley , ma'am , Three more child suddenly appear from somewhere back in the room . : mrs . stanley Mr. St. be dead . favor addie as she look int the house and recognize the distress , but moze continue . ddie hold the cardboard box . moze Dead ? ™m lookin ! for Mr , Warren M. stanley , ma'am . by this time we have established that thia woman be the dren , all of they in need of bath and probably good I 9/1/72 36 . 62 continued : mrs . stanley Warren 's pass on , sir . moze 's mighty hard to believe , . as jus ' talkin ' t' Warren y week back , and he 's here Bible from I . well , that mar 'am . not toc mar order th mrs . stanley t money on a Bible ? >» hold the cry baby in she arm . moze yes , mar 'am , with the name elvira down in the corner . mrs . stanley ° why would Warren spend money on a Bible ? a ninth child app . moze he just tqok fast to the idea , mar 'am , thing be he leave a balance due om it , uh , that be less the dollar deposit , of course , which come to < = Ie S one 's all pay for . daddy ! moze huh ? addie stare hard at moze ) Mr. stanley already pay ya for the whole ( ithing , do not you remember ? moze stare at she . | addie hand the Bible to the woman . moze be not happy . shot - hand knocking cn door ~ day ext . front porch - . we can see addie inf b.g. sit on the Ford 's run board . the door open revealing mrs . huff . ( continued } 9/1/72 64 continued : 36a . oze , afternoon , mar ! -- ls Mr. Hutt home ? rs. huff Mr. huff pass away , young man mar week ago . moze oh , gee , I be sorry -- | just talk to he @ month ago . urs . huff what be it yop want ? moze the name 's pray -- I be with the Dixie Bible company . Mr. huff order this here Bible as a gift for somebody name edna . : ( continued ) | 64 . 65 i 37 . continued : she bfeast ) } that 's my name . course if you the Bible , mar ! @ive ya back and -- '' T will be glad to s' dollar deposit - huff of course I with to keep it . new angle ~ showing add : up on she foot now , slow : wander up behind moze . he do not see she as he ntinue he pitch . 'mr . huff he buy I a Bible . I tell amis I 'could sell he a . cheaper Bible but no , he naturally . want the best . addie note ' the expensive recklace around Mrs. huff 's neck and , during this , ia : look past Mrs. buff , into she house . she be see some better than average furnishings and con= - siderable religious object . timing ) the best , ( oz course , bein ' the deluxe edition with the name print in the child of the - manger gold letter . the deluxe . moze bringin ' up a balance of , uh ... addie ( quekly ) twenty - four dollar . moze turn and look at addie. mo ( conpinued ) 9/1/72 65 66 664 663 a 38 . continued ; huff twenty - four dollarg . I will get my purse . ( to addia what 's you name , for addie . huff addie . what a sweef , little name . ( look :at hoze ) addie pray , mar 'am . ( to moze ) praise the Lord . m - ( stunne stare praise the Lord . ext . road = shot - radiator spin in the wind . pull move . ck to show the Ford on the int . ford - moving the radio playing " sunny si up " . addie sober-face . moze look ahead . sudden ( sing ) " keep you sunny s' hide the side that she look at he , smile . hi smile . she lock ahead , a de up , up ... get blue -= do ... '' look at she == almost ittle disappointed . _ ext . fard drive slowly up the road in be small truck be overload deep depth . it pass a destitute family the opposite direction . the and it 's clear they be in th 9/1/72 38a . 67 int . ford - moving addie turn to look back af the family . moze keep he eye on the road . te moze ? ( she coqtinue to look back at the jroad ) let 's give ‘em sqme money . mozge look at she . then luek straight ahead again . continue to drive on . ( continued ) 39 . 67 continued : no ! ) just a little biq . we get three hundred twelve dollar , nineteen business . bad ' nbf you givin ! away bible . but they be poor . I tell ya ' fore , adi but Frank D. rooshvelt say we gotta look out of Roosevelt . but he say it . that so ? well , ypu ask ol ! Frank D. how he feel " bout lookin ! out for himself . you|think of 1 ' for could eat off tabletop just like the reat of we do ] but he do not , do he ? and thejreason he do not be it would not logk right ' cause that would get he logicin ' common , this thing , so ded ]! rule ' bout what e're gonna give way . ( angry it 's my money , hundred dollar ba do not forget that 9 y'know . two ' long t'me , ( continued ) 67 continued : ( 2 ) he look at she , accept the challenge . all right . you want it ? take ny share out , put it jn my pocket and station , how 's thap ? a beat . suddenly addie reach for she cigar box . map , tatter by now . she rant and rave . , you , anyway . fir too mich , then yo away . you wanta make wanta give it raise a Bible to now it 's up toa twenty - four dollar . I stay with you I will spend the rest of my life jail . ado there 's a depot in natoma , you can take I to natoma mo you bet I will . mar cryin ! out loud , be not gonna go clear over there to get you to no depot . ( continued ) ko , 67 continued : ( 3 ) 41 . ad ! ( still angry ) then keep goin ! eabt , we will hit one in sylvan grovg . p ) that will take ua down through Lucas . a ( shouting well , ya gotta go to get to sylvan gréve . moze something ! wanta get to sylvan moze luray , huh ? they be good town in there , must be a flot of business in there . add . well , it will not matter much , you be hear outa bible anyway . m ( loud ) what 's d'ya mean outa bible ? why do not ya tell I I be outa bible ? add : well , you look in t box , too , do not ya ? : moze . you get a excuse for everything . add : ' Cause ya blame I for everything ! ( continued ) 42 , continued : ( 44 ) well , if we be nnin ' outa bible , ya shoulda say we be runnin ! outa bible . ( eye o1 great Bend 's the mqze so what , we gotta get the bible , do not we ? we 'lijhave to veer over to Lucas and theh veer down to we will just have jto keep veerin' , that 's alll they be silent . the conif jeok at she . then : et have disappear . finally he ( contin g) I be gettin ! 's hr . you gettin ! hungry ? he look back at the road te uh-nuh , . silence . she look at hin . then she slowly put the cigar box back from where she ggt it . 69 43 . ext . the road the Ford drive by and away down the road . int . HOTEL room - close $ N radio ~ static / country music - pan to favor addie , seemingly asleep . from outside the door in the hallway we hear or open and some giggle and moze 's voice and a door pdosing and the sound of moze and 4 girl move closer to adglie 's door . moze' voice fou silly thimg , you , you tell I we hear a slap of a a addie open one eye as she lis - ten . . '' 4 eee another time 0 fgh ) do not send ms in you place . no , no . ya all do dn back . I will come see ya anotHe he turn the key and the dq to move in with he . ! islightly open . the girl try what kinda secre from I ? you go¢ dilamonda and ruby in there '' _ moze edge inside the room ( continued ) 9/1/72 69 continued : eye quickly . eff she radio . still on , make the exed pants under the mattress now , ol ' fide . woof wot . as he the do woof woot . ' in he coat and shirt rl' voice ' night , o1 ' fido . 's toward she . she close press they for tomorrow . a , she moze move ip addie , stare at she and turn then he tase off he pants with he shce ion awkward . then he put he end shoe and underwear , he lie down . while down , he take % '' ff he coat and shirt and throw they on the chair naxt\to hin . the cover . then he pull then he get under gq foot from under the cover and untile he shoe and put / he shoe on the floor next to the bed . then he finall 70 close on addie she open she eye . finally pod quickly go to slee she look at he another monpnt , then he be snore . get up and lift she mattreg and take out she well - tle clear box . she move 1 71 int . bathrocm to the bathroom with it . os 1ifoe . she alt up on one elbow . she she close the door and puts}the box on the sink . she undoe the knot in the string and ubwrap it . box . at . and then we see more . mother 's room . camera pan to it and @ see the money there . then she open the wad of — addie take out the mom@y and put it on the sink . beneath the money be a layerjof cardboard . she take it up a coljection she take from she a small bottje of toilet water , a assort - ment of perfume and cosmetid . a deck of card . the pack of camel sigarettes . next to she mother on the for : mother 1s loose , hand on hip , cigarette , and smile broadly . addie stand stiff and strat , 72 shot - addie pick up the picture . she 6 the stance she mother have to put it back in the box and p red bead , other jewelry be qnt lawn of they house . ght and ready for battle . and a ghotograph of addie stand her of 1/t2 72 continued : 4s . she lower the bead bac then pick up the toilet water . on the label : '' cape jas e " , she unscrew the cap . then she pour a good harsiful of the toilet water into she palm and put down the bqttle and begin to slap the stuff on she face as if there yere no tomorrow . close on moze - day S slowly to addie 's side of the chin high , neck stretch . moze straight on again . moze sniff . in . leans tactfully towards she ore he . hoid a beat . he y roll down he window without he fold she arm angrily . 73 int . ford ( moving shot ) at the wheel . camera PA seat . she sit with she look at she , then look he turn towards she aga and sniff again . she 1 , leok forward , then simp ever look at addie . 74 through cmite 82 83 int , barbershop tacky , little place . lo barber in a one - chair establish - ment . lot of vitalis / ad . moze be " trim " . / he be just get the final touch . the barber snap the parber cloth off he and look at addie who be sit fin the chair watch . 84 close ov addie seethe . addie - I ain't a poyill moze look amused , ts a hand on she and lead she out . moze to barber ) she ain'tja boy . 85 ext . barbershop -~ ( continued ) of / isre 85 continued : moze , he hair cut neatly , do not say anything . he pat she on the head . light . aww , do not le ( p' tt be not funny . 46 = 52 . finally , ( continued ) 85 continued : '' they be at the car now self . m come on now , ain that sore . =e he call I a y , do not he ? he just get a ljttle mix uo , that 's all . he do not . hq look straight in my eye . moze well , I be loo you . no beautifull addie moze would I make $ hat up ? you be as '' beautiful as you mama . ' N she no reason ttbe ' straight in you fear ahe would a op the tulip . 28 ' N you get the good look she ever have . addie then how come |that man call I " boy " ? moze I do not tmow ! | maybe it 's ' cause what ya get on , or somethin' . what 's wrong nothin ! wrong addie be hurt . she look at she - ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) ( comb ) maybe would not ge a bad idea get you fix up a jittle bit . get you a fancy , liptle dress or something ' , New hat , maybe . now ny mama ? addie hesitatea , then|she open the box and take out a twenty dollar bill . it to he . he take a pencil frome pocket , procedd to write something on the edge of ' then he turn and sta : partment atore . B across the street towards the de - moze ( continue ) c'mon . addie where we go ? ( continued ) 9/1/72 85 55 . continued : ( 3 ) outfit . he hand she the twenty . with a twenty ? ( she rdad it ) " happy birthday |to addie from aunt helen ? " tijfdo not have no aunt helen . ( pat fis arm arounfl she ) awww ; honey . shre ya do . camera hoid as he talk of she as they move towards the department store . int . SMALL department store = day angle on moza move thrdugh the aisle along with the heavy Saturday afterncen lcountry town crowd . he ease from one counter to the '' check the merchandise as he look over the varioug clerk . pinally he spot some d eld country gal straight off the farm , sell toiletry oze ah will have a papsodent toothpaste , please , and a hag of sen sen . camera pan to show addi¢ look at a pretty dress . she leok at moze , a aisle away , then saunter over towards - the counter as the salesgire get the toothpaste and sen Sen. closer shot - moze hand the salesgirl a twenty - dollar bill . sae ( continued ) 9/1/72 87 '' continued : =sgirl uh-huh . favor the twenty - dollar bi sen and toothpaste in a ba to show addie be now in 1 between she and moze who g move off , camera hoid oa the salesgirl . as the salesgirl put the sen and make change . pull back . there be two customer 's he change and he bag and addie . finally she 1s up to te bottle a! er , please . could ah have th purple toilet wa 8 . that will be seven addie dig into she pocket and take out a five dollar bill . she hand it to the sale rl , who puta the money in the four dollar and twenty - five toilet water in a bag . addie take the money and just out start to go when she turn to the salesgirl . te Lady ? you make mistake . esgirl huh ? I give you four dollar and a quarter ? die but I give ya a jtwenty - dollar no , mar 'am . it dollar bill . - alesgtirl you give I a ¢rqye dollar bill and I give you a and twenty - five hange four dollar cent . ( continued ) 57 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) die ( start jto ery ) it be a twenty - dollar bill . ' salesgire ( opent drawer I get no twenty in with no fives , addie cry harder as the manager arrive . manager what 's the turmoil ? trl this little girij give I a tive dollar bili and I give she change -- ( sobbing ) ~ I give she a twenty dollar s411 . I know idid . ib waa a birthday present from my aunt helen in Birmingham . ' N she write " happy birthday , addie " on the end of it , you just look and see . | the manager be already into the twenty and see the birth ~ day Bill . the twenty dollar bill I give she , that 's my twenty dollar bill from my aunt helen in Birmingham . i , customer , give the child har twenty dollar bill i manager I be givin’ iti ( continued ) we ee 87 a8 ger ( cont would ) give the child she twenty dollar bill , miss{ brownwell ! ' N give the child a candy bar . ' N pay attention [ t ' thing , miss brownwell . ext . carnival ground - shot - cotton candy machine turn the pink sugar . pull back as the concessionaire hand addie the cotton candy . addie be dress in pink and lace and ribbon and new 's . concesstonaire Fifteen cent . [ | addie , innocently , open hier purse . take out a five . addie you have change for this five ? i the conceasionaire grab it and give she change . for concessiona Ire ( sell ) cotton candy here . get you cotton candy . < addie mister ? this gurse be sure full , if you give I back the five , I will give you five one . the concessionaire take jthe five one and give she back the five . | . concessionaire cotton candy ! ' sweetheart cotton candy ! ' addie ( look in she purse ) ' less ya get a ten dollar bill — I will give ya| the five back <-- ' long with the five one ya have == would ya give I a ten dollar bili ? | ( continued ) ee 58. oes . she 's do up all brand new . g/1/72 88 continued : 59 . the concessionaire quickly ftakee the five and hand she the ten . 89 she turn and move away . through the fairground . new angle ~- near harem addie stop and lock toway icessionatre now do not bother I no more y' understand ? steh UPI cotton candy ! get you cotton candy . ds the tent . ker six unusual little the secret of 5 a few year back egyptian tomb of and feature the trixie Delight . nm the actual luscious miss amera with her as she walk lady unveil apaion find only rueen neferatti , moze move quickly out of the tent and immediately get in line to buy another ticket '' well , ah cai not m4 ys do , huh ? ai not that fine . ( turn to go ) moze , will ya coq with I ? . mi cai not right now ' down here tonight . they wa not be here after t'night . ealp that . now excuse I , ylundarstand ? addie move to hin . 9/1/72 &9 continued : many time I wa many time . you see it hal . maybe I '11 see more . now go or somethin’ . I do not wanta p well then , go note t! Saint rdosevelt . maybe I will . 'n do not stand on I . yide not be not about t'l child strand nowhere . I get und checkin’ have tiworry , I eave some pore ib the middle of cruple , too , y'knewl you know what it be ? scruples ? I doe not kmow whaf it be , but if you get tem you ¢an sure bet they belong to somebody else . she move away . calli & no angrily ( erily ) and it be not frakk , it 's Franklin . hoid on moze . he watch she go , then turn and look towards the harem tent . give up he ticket and e then he move to the entrance , ater . ' : 60 . 92 61 . favor addie finish she cotton candy . | she turn and move away , angle on photo concession <| photographer in b.g. 1s & backdrop and in front of that be a large paper moon ( quarter moon ) for the|subject to sit on , the song " tt 's cnly a Paper Moon " istplave om a victrola which the photographer will wind up a} least once , addie move to the photographer . there you be , mah little turtle dee . wonder whs where 's you pa ? hey now , I though a there in the mpon with you . addie take the envelope . mpve away . be be not & pa . new shot - addie alone , behind a concession . ( she open the envelope and take out the picture . a a move in on photo as she look . it show addie sit alone in the paper moon , leg cross , look serious int . HOTEL , suite - night moze enter , look extremely self - conscious . addie be on the bed , smoking . her blacily cloche hat be on -— addie look at he . bet obviously hadja few good hour with someone ; he clear he throat as he fake off he coat . then he look at she , she at he . I do not want ya gmokin ' in the car tomorrow , addie look at hin , ( continued ) 9/1/72 93 continued | 62 , : I / moze ( continue ) what ? addie I do not say nothin' . I 'tm just listenin ' to you , moze well , we be gonna have some extra people drivin ' in the ear t'morrow and this particular person do not like cigarette smoke . be continue to undress . take off he shoe . rub he foot . ee start silence . suddenly addie what extre person ? moze ( uptight ) what ? i addie I say what extra person ? moze it 's a lady and she may , : ( leek at ‘her I promise she a ride to topeka . addie I do not imow we be goin ' t! topeka . ; i moze that 's ' cause ya do not know everything . i into the bathroom . i addie what 's the lady " nane ? moze her name 's miss Delight nenter bathroom ) trixie Delight . { i addie look towards the bathroom door . then moze dart out and shout defensively . ( continued ) 9/1/72 93 '' 96 63. continued : ( 2 ) moze : ( continue ) she 's a real ladyl not N she come from a good family . I be just givin ' she a lift , that 's alll that 's what you be always talkin’ ' bout , be not it ? helpin ' other people out ? he move back into the bathroom , addie stare hard at he , take a deep drag on the cigarette . ext , the carnival area = dat : it be in the process of be dismantle . trixie be move across the field towards the ford . with she be a bitty , Little black girl , imogene , about fifteen . she be load down with miss Delight 's luggage which amount to a couple of rundown suitcase , imogene have a small bag of she own . trixie , carry a hat box and in she high heel , can bare ~ ly stand up on the lumpy field , but there 's enough anxiety in she face to indicate that she do not want moze to sud= denly change he mind and off . — closer on ford moze move towards trixie to give she 2 hand , moze take the hat box , move to the passenger door and look in the window at addie as imogene ets in the back seat . i moze ( lean in to addie ) you better ride im the back seat awhile . : trixie's voice . ( in beg . ) do not you drop nothin ' , imogene . take care this breakable , understand ? tmocene's voice yes , miss trixie .. . addie and moze exchange hard , cold look . ext , long shot = tee ford ~ moving it 4s load down . trixie next to moze , imogene and addie literally stuff in the ck , 16 bm . tee emp = werei ott 4 moze think she 's the jiving end . + trixiz I dance in tuscaloosa and the mayor be there and he just say the nicest thing ' bout I . newspaper run @ whole big photo of I . I get a scrapbook tellin ! storey on I from town all over . imcgene tell he * bout the time nat man try t' crack open you head with a bottle , miss trixie , trixie give imogene a cold look , then carry the ball . trixie why , imogene , you siliy ol ! thing . you know that 's not true . that ol ! country boy be not gonna hit I with no bottle . he be just horsin ! around . ( elbow moze ) ask I nice and maybe I will tell ya ' bout that sometime . imogene tell tim 'hout the time ya almost get throw in jail , miss trixie . trixie turn to she , look at she and smile hatefully . 98 bxt . roadside cafe ~ day the Ford drive in . stop . .99 closer shot = car i as trizle get out . trixie jus ! do not understand it , daddy , but this little baby have to go winky - tinky all the time . she move towards the lady ' outhouse . ( continued ) 99 100 101 65 . continued : moze : ( call to she ) do not you worry none . we will just figure ! on stoppin’ here for dinner . addie stop for she t' idie ) that 's right ! anu now we be stoppin ! fgr dinner . angle through window / of cafe = trixie and moze iy a booth trixie be talk onja mile a minute , with she mouth full . pull back to show addie move out the door with hot dog and soda pop . imogene sit on to rume board . addie hand she a hot dog and & pop bottle jand they sit on the rumming board and start to eat . addieiey she a few moment . then : addie how old yon ? pause . ( shrug ) nowhere . addie ya gotta be from somewhere , imogene down by Troy , I guess . ( continued ) lol continued : 66 . die how long you wotk for she ? ogene shrug ai not xep $ coun ) Year maybe . how old you be ? te nine . ( paus she really do that dancin ' ? imogene you wanta calljit dancin’ . all she do be waggle ‘er hip and shake ter ol ! tehind a little . addie how come she lpave that job back there ? : taogene boss man try ¢'make she put out for ' be friend , she do not believe in puttin ! 's out fer free . addie she put out mach ? imogene . jus ! like a machine , you drop something ? in , she will put something ! out : addie how mich she ¢harge ? imogene most she can get . she allus ask for five dollar . she be not puttin’ out for yer pa though . she say she gonna wait and git most she can puta he ' fore she pat cut . i | addie he tell she he be my pa ? imogene well , not ' xactly , I hear ' im mumble something ! like he do not wanta talk ' bqut it ... be not he ? ( continued ) 9/1/72 : 67 . 1ol continued : ( 2 ) '' addie hesitates . : | addie ( defensively ) I be with ' im , aintt I ? ( pause ) how you come the be with she ? lmocane . ' Cause she prouise t'give I of ! dollar ever ' week a ' she never give I nothin ' , ' ceptin ' a nickel or a sometimes . addie why do not you quit ? | imcgene how I gonna quit ? what I do I quit ? get no money ttgit | non a t'my mama <= a ' what if ido git home ? they get hard '' time as it be , my mama say , " you go work fpr this white lady , a ' she take gece ker o' you . you wanta know|what I think ? ya know that 141 ' white speck on tap of chicken |decdle ? well , I think that 's the kind o' white miss trixie be | she jest like that 141 's white speck on th ' top of ol 's ehicken shit ! 102 ext . beal animal farm F day its sign read : rare animal , tame and wild five - legged fow - llama they be all come out . | trixie and moze lead the way . 103 favor trixie and moze : trixte 4h jus ' have ttstop for every mugual thing come along , jus ' semethin ' unusval in ny personality ahi guess , then of - course I ' aspect ever ! body haa a little , bitty quirk someplace inside they . ( continued ) rete neater I 9/al / t2 68 . 103 ccntinued : imogene and addie pass | camera . imcgene we kin poun ' some glass real fine and put in 'ar cawfee . 104 ext . white cloud dress company trixie and moze move cut cf the store . she be dress in a ruffly white dress . | obviously something moze have buy for she . addie ahd imogene wait giumly . ch , I just love it , love it , love 4t , all this white , it be absolutely the proper thing for my particular kind of appearance ... look at addie ) would not be bad you to have a new dress , tod . right kind of ' dress make allf the difference in a face , ‘specially since you get the right jkind of bone structure . ' gourse everything 's in the bone structure . person can figure hig whole life on what he bone strug¢ture be -- 105 wider angle show a new sporty cadillac drive past . trixie 's eye be immediately catch ' it . , triste ( to moze oh my , oh wy , daddy , but would not you lock handgome sittin ' ‘hind the wheel of 4 thing like that ! ( continued ) ance 69 . 105 continued : addie and imogene move past CA IM ah try pushin ! the window once in Little rock , 106 '' ext , a hillside ~ nay the end of a picnic . moze argi trixie move down the hill towards the Ford . imogene isi behind they , carry all of the equipment . addie remaing seat at the top of the hill . 107 '' close ow ford trixie , in she high heel , gut in . moze turn and lock back at addie , sit on top : of the hill . let 's gol 108 wider angle moze watch addie a moment , then start towards she . S halfway up the hill . moe ; ( continue ) cimon , now ! I be not ready . moge well , you do not ldok real busy with anything , so lyou come on down — I be not comin ' , 9/72 . 70 . 108 continued : ( oze now listen herd , child ! addie no . I will not listen here . moze what the heck you up to , then ? addie I wanta sit in front . and how ' no more ? ' Cause we be on vacation , that 's why ! and misg Delight and I be sittin ! front ' cause we be two growngp and that 's where people grow up do the sittin ' , 'n little child do not tell grownup what to do with they liye . you under ~ stand that ? addis well , she ainit grownup . and it be not p t no more the 'sit in the ik . not for no cow . mozze you keep you ivoice down . miss Delight be not cow . she 's a proper woman . | she have a high school diplo and right now she 's gotta goj to the bathroom , bo you get di to the car . she always ha : eet the alwey has|t ' go to bathroom . she |must have @ bladder the sige of a peanut ! well , I be not dettin ' back in that car , not |' till she get ' out of it . addie hold she ground . ze see it 's futile to talk on . he turn and march do the hill . we see he get to ' the car . he lean in to to trixie . finally she open she door and get out . she ipok up towards addie . there be . some more talk between they . reluctantly , trixie start up the hillside . she be at in she high heel . her ankle ~ bend a lot . imogene be ady in the back of the car . 109 favor addie watch trixie trudging jthrough the grass . she stop a safe distance away . she d addie stare at one another , trixis @ high , uncul < do ? e ) ( what 's have , ide voice ) she wait a moment more , then begin to move closer . how would ya & & colorin ' book , that ? y'like mickey the mouse ? ( stub she toe ) Son of 2 bitch . she hop on she foot . ' enen limp about for 4 moment . look at addie as she hold her foot . ec . now , come on down to the car and we will alll be friend . see I smile ? let 's see ya. smile like you aunt trixie . c!mon. c'mon down with madamazelie . j addie do not move , trixie take a deep breath . she move eloser to addie , kicksioff she shoe , ruh she foot . then she look at addie : tro ( continue ) kiddo , £ undeystand how you '' feel . bat ya , do not have tt worry . one day you will be just as pretty as nedamazellie . maybe prettier . you already get bone structure . i:was you age , I '' do not bave no bone structure . tock I year t'get bone structure , and do not think bone structure 's not important , nobody call I madamazelle ' till I be seventeen be gettin ' a little bone structure . it be you age , I be skimier than 4 pole , . ( more ) ( continued ) 9/1/72 72. 109 continued : trixie ( cont would ) never think 3'd have nothin’ up here . you '¥l have ‘em up there , too . tdll y' what . you want I to show you how to use cosmetics ? look , I will let ya put on ny earring , you will see how pretty youfre gonna be . and I will show ya how t'make up you eye and you lip , and I will see to it you get a little bra or somethin’ , but right now you be gonna pick you little ass up and you be gonne drop it in the back seat and you be gonna cut out the crap , jyou understand ? she look once wear at addie , then turn and in she stock foot start down the bitl . she do not move too far , though , before she stopg . she stand silently with she back to addie . then , in a mement , she turn , stare at addie who have not budge .. finally } ' } trixte -. ( confinning softly ) you be gonna toin it , be not ya ? addie do not answer . we hear the automobile horn from down the hill . trixie simply raise she hand in the air , then . slowly lower it . then she continue : i trixie : listen , I do not wanta wipe ya aut . and I do not want you wipin ' I out , y'imow ? so , I be gonna level with ya , | okay ? y'see , with I it 's 's just be patter of time . T a'know why , but sanehow I jus ! do not hold om real long . so if ya wait it out a little ... it will be over , know what I mean ? even if I want a fella , somehow or other , I manage t'get it screw up . maybe I will get a pair of shoe , nice dress , few laugh ... Times be hard . if you fool around on the hill up here then you do not get nothin ' , of not get nothin’ , he do not et z. hin ! ... she smile at . , addie} : so hew ' bout it , honey ... for just a little while ? | let ol ! trixde sit up front . | ( continued ) 9/1/72 109 continued : ( 2 ) they stare at one another . | finally addie 's hard facade soften . then we hear the orn again . 1lo shot ~ moze at the car . look up . mi hey ! ¢' moni 111 '' he pov - trixte and addis move down the hillside . ( she old self again ) we be somin ' , baby doll . and if you do not find maj some ol ! gas station soon , thip little ol ! snowflake 's gonna wet she ~ panty ~ loca . 112 «=6ext . HOTEL - angle o¥ addie jand imogene ~- day '' wait with they luggage . | pull back to show a yellow cadillac drive up in front of they . trixie and moze in the front seat . trixie calis out past moze . ° rix yoo hoo . leok what we get ! ai not she the sweetest little thing ? and do not he lool like a prince ‘hind that wheel ? dolly into addie . her reactica . she quickly open the cigar bex . see that all the money be not there . she be angry . j = , trixte's voice come on , imogene , get ever 's thing ia here . get more room than the '' whole state o' Kansas . and listen to the horn . blow the horn , daddy . ( continued ) edt inne ed '' 4 2 commu : | {te we hear the horn plow and moze and trixie laugh as we hold on addie . i 113 ext , road , the yellow cadillac dive by . 114 =int . caditlac plenty of room . trixie jin front . addie and imogene in the rear as usual , moze ( nis joke o= — trixie giggle all|through it she just sittin ! in the trolley ear and she reach in she bag and pulis out / this here magazine , and starta readin' . well she be not read more and a couple page when be slow and careful like , she take off she shoe and stockin 's trixie giggle . ( continue ) she turn the stockin 's wrong side out and then just up and put they on again , then she pat on she shoe . now all the passenger be lookin’ on wonderin ! what 's goin ! on , see ? well , finally |this old fella lean over , see , and he tap she on the shoulder and he say " you pardon my sudden rudeness , mar 'dm , but why would you just now do and indulge in this strenge procedure ? '' in the girl say , '' why , kind sir . I be readin ' this here magazine and i| find the story such hot stuffithat I feel compel to mar the hose on myself . they laugh uproaricusly , 9/1/72 115 close shot - addie ~ back seat unsmile , arm fold , - 116 '' ivt . the exceange HOTEL - moze be signing the regis imogene a few foot off . obby ~ day ler , trixie nearby . addie and ddie keeping a eye glue to 75 . trixie at all time . the / desk clerk have eye for trixie . he be kind of a pea=patch mustache , long black ha . false wave in front that with the heel of he han they would not a canopy bed , would ya have canopy bed ? '' no , but I get ' fireplace . Romeo . tiny , pencil-line slicked back , except for a big e always push into place not with a trixte ( take moze 's arm I would like that {a bi for e , daddy . smile S joke , privage to trixie ) it be not no candpy bed , but it gure open a whale new can - of ' - e234 do not it ? ( gteg '' a whole new can that cute ? trixte ling ) ' peas , be not ( lockinetap . from th register ) huh ? how 's that ? j the clerk hit a bell . desk clerk ( to bellnop give them 234 , 235 2 ) 236 . 9/1/72 117 7a 118 ig 119a 120 '' her pov 76 . shot - addie and imogene addie aware of the desk clérk 's flirtation with trixie . the bellhop take they bag and moze and trixie move after he . addie and imog¢ne follow . addie look back at the desk clerk who be watch trixie 's rump . close on addie a idea . int . addie' HOTEL room ~ Bay addie lie on the bed , smpking . she stare up at the ceil - ing . her eye move to thef transom over she door , then she lock at the wall of the atijoin room . she continue to atare at 1 % a moment , therj get up and sit on the side of the bed . carefully , she break off the burn ash on the cigarette , put the stub neatly into the cigar box which be under the mattress . she move to the wall . put she ear against it . then she cpem she door and look out . the empty corridor , int . corridor addie move to trixie 's dobr . as do all the other door , it have a paint transom window above it . she see a small table dow the corridor . she get it , bring tt and on it . just able to reach the not effort , she force the window she look in . '' of @ a a oo ° a ° a transom on she toe , with open ... but just slightly . her Pov - trixie 's room @ she nail . her face be grease sher messily scattered clothes . ithe seam of that 9/1/72 129 1208 continued : 2 B not too hot . you have be ms that water awful hot lately >}{ imogene . en , get that for you come back I orf . yes , miss trixie} ! . pull back to shew addie , will : nearly fall off the tabl she look up at addie . add : be quiet . imogene close transom . - hing fast to close the tramsom . 4 imogene open the door . @ look down and wave she to he door as addie close the inf . trixte's room as we hear the transom snap . see anything , then seratches she nail . trixie look around , do not er ass and continue with int . corridor I get we a idea . addie get down . put the they room . ble back . start back to what kind idea ? 9/1/72 122 addie and imogene mee 123 int . addiz 's room pause . pause . imogene , whi miss trixie offer she to put out ? who -eee ! you qlose door . at dg you suppose oufjd do if somebody tweaty - five dollar aey ? for that much money that{ waman drop she pants down in the middle at the road . you want to trixie , don geq away from miss 't ya ? well , if you help I , I will give you enough money to go imogene look then look at addie . int . trixte's room + mg trixie sit up in bed , imogene be move to the tray . tomorrow mornin , E she put it on to wear the eyeshade . miz trixte , at prixie 's Laundry in she arm , md te blackeut shade over she eye , ped with trixie 's breakfast cie 's lap . trixle continue you} know tat man down at the desk , the ene check we in yestuhday ? | ( continued ) no corneas — 78. 79s 12300 ccntinued : trixie yeah , I know ' im . what about ‘im ? imcgene well , he tell I he pay twenty five dollar to have a good time wif you . trixie what ? ( pull the eyeshade otf why the little two - bit bua . the herve of that guy . 124 int , addie' room : fadie at the door , listen hard . silence for a moment , en : : ' trixte's voice twenty five doilar , huh ? why , I bet that litwle John do not make that much in alweek . where would he get twenty filve buck ? imoghye's voice I dunno ... 125 int . trixte's room imogene all I kmow be what he tole I . tnixie nstuff a muffin in she mouth ) twenty five buck , huh ? well , I would sure have to see the money to believe it . . 126 int . addie' room '' y addie react with a big bmile . then she turn and move quickly out of the room . ; but a moment later she run back in , put a loklipopj in she mouth and go back out again . ; 80 . 127 int . HOTEL lobby - desk / c| . stand 73 addie ease toward it , inflocently lick she lollipop . a couple of customer mo away and the clerk be there alone . [ fatey fruit gum . clerk itll have t loo be ya kmow that blonde Lady that here -- miss trixtle sd Ie no , hone she gay you be batter lo ' than Warner . baxtez . ' clerk she do , eh? well ... the lady 's gure get good the , do not she ? abdie I jus ' think you would like to know . uy she start to walk away . '' hey , just a minnie he reach on the shelf bet do he and get a half - gound box of chocolate creams , hand they to addie . give this here tofthe lady . tell she they be with floyd 's sompliment , t ( act thrilled ) oh , she will like that . maybe you should write she q note . ( continued ) 127 / - a 1. continued : yeah . what kind oh , I do not kno : I think tien always wrot : / lady note when they send they present , maybe you should ask she for a date . that sure would tickle er. the clerk preens he litt ye mustache and grin . ' erk yeah , maybe I oughta . he reach beneath the counter , get a plece of paper and a pencil . he start write , then stop . i sey , she 's not marre or anythin' , be ' she ? j i ( laugh ) of\ course not . he do not even have a regelar bpyfriend . that man\who come in {ith she yest ay be my daddy . he 's she managery ~ she 's a dancer , erk a dancer , eh ? yd know , I figure she be something lika that . where ! bout do jhe dance ? apis : oh , lot of big ace .: she 's a star . c now how about that . ! the clerk start to write the note . } adoie . why do not ya pring it ? she like @ man who print . '' cl print it , huh7 he start to print . I : I i if | 128 129 130 131 '' leave the room . int , HOTEL - statrway addie run up the st note . dir with the candy and the int . addie' HOTEL room addie and imogene . the hote be open . addie be sit at the table with a penc£i in one hand , read the note to imogene . addie " some sweet fbr the sweet , ha ha . some girlb say I be a pretty smooth how about tryl hancer myself . . g I out sometime . " I do not ' mow , gonna give it camera move in on the note as addie carefully imitate he printing and at the }ottom of the page add : " p.s. w4i1l be up in fifteen tes . " . wider angle addie study the note , then put the sandy and the note 4 n a drawer , look at imogene , cross she finger and int . HOTEL corridor addie at trixie 's door . he knock . I get a messagqg from hoze . he ask I to te¥l ya hg have to run over to haymeville today . he wontt be ba : unt suppertime . go get something he will be go fix on the car all day . . oh . '' well. oka addie wait a moment , then to she own door , open it > then close the door and m . - move away from the deor , go agk in , nod to imogene , ves \quickly down the hallway . 132 * af es ' waffle ... a I pal 9/1/72 84 . 136 7 - , obs new angle show imogene move to the dining room . she come up to the table . } | imogene mistuh moze . { miz trixie do not feel so good . j she say to tell you she gorma ! stay in bed today . she say she see you at suppertime . i moze ( lock worried , stand up ) she sick ? sick in bed ? better go up there . : ( start to go ) addie look anxious . ( quickly oh , she be not real sick , ai not nothin ' to worry about . she 's havin ! lady 's time . . moze ( embarrassed ) ( he mumble ) well , tell hen I will see she this evening . i he sit back down . imogene walk away . addie and moze sit quietly at the table . finally : addie well , - : ( she get up ) just want tofsay good mornin ' . think I will go ppstaiz and polish my shoe , a she ease away . HOTEL stairway addie rush up the step . ex '. corridor ~ addie listen at trixie 's door . of ( continued ) 9/1/72 138 139 uo 141 use . addte move to trixte 's ro continued : ixte's voice you can clean up { the bathroom now , imogene . and as more soap . yes , misa trixie ! addie move to she room . int , addie' room addie move to she bed , reach underneath the mattress , she open it , take out twenty = box , put it back undez the . ' ive dollar in the envelope with the note . then she gpe into the bureau drawer and get the candy and the not . pull out the cigar box . five dollar . closea the mattress , put the twenty - leave she door open . int. corridor by the door , she knock of ' yem to send up ( ogene's voice inter . m , put the candy on the floor the door , then rush back she room , close she door , |part way . int , addie' room somebody at the int . corridcr trixie 's door open . candy , go back in , trixie 's deor to listen . trixie . trixie's voice qoor , imogene . urixie' voice oh ? what be 1eit . i tnogene's voice it be outside the door . apap not ( cowtinv=d ) she go into the hallway , gdne look down , pick up the move cut of she room to 85 . 9/1/72 86 . 142 continued : ixie's voice what be this ? tong silence . we hear pay harder , then : erackle , addie listen ie's voice imogene . let »& that go now . you can run aleyg . I will call ' ou . ( cgene's voice addie rune down the corri¢br . imogene come out of trixie 's room and duck into addieg room . 14300 omitted 144 HOTEL statrway v5 int . edtel loeey why , helio , cugid . {addis miss trixie want to see ya . she '' gay it 's realjimportant . room . oh , she do , : ' ( he hdsi tate ) . * right row . : . ' lerk . well , I can not tt off right now . she say it 's rgal important . a. z tell ‘er I will come up later tonight ... when the moon 1s full . ( continued ) 9/1/72 145 146 wu7 148 149 continued : but y'cai not comg¢ t'night . she will not be there tpnight . matter o'fact , she win ! after t'day . be here at all she will not , huh ?.f.. well ... te ( roll fher eye ) you will not be so . up for a few ies room number ? I guess I can g| minute . what ! room 235 . she ! ailtin ' for ya . creo smug ) okay . you tell ] she tn on my way up , sweetheart addis smile and walk atair . addie rush down the cgrridor . int . addis' room addie run in , inogene he 's come , addie open the door , just a wee bit . out . angle past addie and imcg move surreptitiously d front of she decor , kno i the corridor . from the door towards the she open the door . there . addie close the door , - the desk clerk he stand in 87 . she and imogene look 9/1/72 150 int , corridor - at trixie's poor te's voice ( drip with sugar ) who be it ? c the shiek of araby . trixie 's door open . we seb she igs wear a negligee . floyd be take aback at what she 's wear . hey , hello there look pretty . ( impatiehtly , 151 =ciotnteed 152 int . corridor ~ addie and imogene move to cia 's door , listen . say , you be some fast worker , be not ya ? you db not give a - . * 3 voice hey . you be not pne cf this fella that go und babbling , be ya , honey ?. c tg voice what d'ya mean ? j trixie's voice qh , you know , moat of the time I do not mind , butiit 's important the not right now net to get talk out . . clerk voice hey , now , do I lo like that kind of fella ? ( conrrnuen ) 88 . 9/1/72 152 continued : 89 . we hear some movement , '' ) hold it . hold if . wait a minute . you be gonna t it . let I slip it off ... hey th ee . well now , be not you a show{dog ... 153 & omitted 154 155 close sect - addie and imcgene they eye wide . be imogene ) I be geant ' 156 pull back to show . ae gene , Mr. moze gonna ae that man . t imogene reach in she apron pocket and hand addie the key to trixte 's room . then addie start away . imogene get scared . ' imogene ( continue ) he 's gonma kill them both , I jus ' - know it ! i she follow addie as we hear . noise from trixie 's room . 9/1/72 157 158 159 169 161 162 163 go . HOTEL stairway addie and imogene rush ] down the step . addie turn to imogene before she reacheg the bottom . be wait for I herp . imogene stay put . addiel continue on . int. lobby addie run through tow . angle in dine room addie look in . moze be nervously . there , addie look around int , lobby addie look around the lobby for moze . can not find he . for moze . her Pov moze leave the hotel . new shot addie rush across the lbbby and stop moze. 164 165 166 gl . close shot addie and moze . what 's the tro ry ) ya better go un to trixte 's room right awa ( oze why ? what ? is|she sick ? be no , she 's not sijck . just go on , like I tell ya . | do not knock , use the key . meze quickly move off the bhe elevator . pavor addis watehing he go . shot - HOTEL stairway addie move to the step . they where she be leave . they both look frighten . imogene sit on one of die sit down next to she . pinally : gene yo daddy gonna kt nat man , I reckon . addie look at imogene . the think sake she nervous . pause . then : . ENE I ‘spect he cut ' 4 dm pretty bad . '' adqie moze would not do 4 thing like | that . '' imogene down home , man come home from wuk and hear maniinside house in bed wif tis wife . he just walk ' round to woodpile | and get bis double - blade a . he go inside and chop ‘em bofe t' li'l piece . folk say he chop them up like kindling v ( continued ) 9/1/72 92 . 166 continued : addie look at imogene , jwait a moment , then stand up , grow panicky , run ug the stair . imogene come be ~ hind she . 167 angle on top of stair meze move down the cofridor , he face flushed , and he eye show great pain . he see addie and imogene . no - body speak at first , then : moze '' addie . we be addie oze right this minute . 168 close shot - addie and imcrene they look at each other and smile vietoriously . a country road moze heave a deep , shuddery 169 IM , the cadillac - drivt silence for a few moment . sigh . I swan , I do not wowhy that girl do such a to I . why I would have dbne most anything for that girl . it just be not fair , tong pause . ( continu : I reckon she would be carryin ! on a long time . | from the start . mczb ya mean there be other man ? ' , addie lota of tem . ( continued ) 9/1/72 169 170 172 172 173 93 . continued : i moze why , dadblammit . why didntt ya tell I ? addie I jus ? tmy you would not believe I . pause . moze ( sigh again ) towant you to promise I just one thing . addis what , moze ? " moze when you grow up , do not be the kind of woman who gee aroun ! deceivin ' man , promise I that . addie - I promise , moze . ext . country road - long : shot - day the cadillac move on . ext . HOTEL veranda = close on bee - eee puzzle g w= get the little bee - bhees in the little hole . it be angle about as the ball fall in and out of place . pull back to show moze sit on a couch on thelhotel veranda , work . the game . addie be next to he read a detective magazine . but she attention keep shift to something inside -~ through the window -- in lobby , she look over the top of the magazine . moz@ continue with the game . addie' Pov = in lobby ( through window ) a tall man with a cream cglore stetson hat move in from the rear door . he be coumpt a giant roll of money . he put it in he pocket , then bring out a black book and make a neat , little notation in it . close on addie interested . moze continue to play the game . 9/1/72 174 shot - the man in the strtscn a man in a dark suit come over to he . they exchange a few word . the man in the suit move away . the man in the stetson write something in the black book . he put the book in he pocket . ; 175 close ~ addie and moze addie moze ? oze buh ? addie moze -— pay not yention . moze what 's the troble ? addie I see something peculiar . what 's that ? - that man in thdr what man ? sitting in the phair by the step . but that man 's get a black book for makin ! notes|in and all 9/1/72 175 176 1764 continued : ' leek , he 's goin ! moze look . Pov = through window the man go out . moze and addie moze be watch . 95 . Ze ( look fp ) bootlegger . Ie bootlegger ? ai not no questis ( chee : you think we business with could drop a wa we be not do no month ... ever we only get 217 there 's better business with b: what way ? well , I do not im heaps of way . follow ' im , : add : should I , moze ? : moze I tell ya to , do not I ? find out where he go . addie get up . move to the side of the building . she look back at moze . 9/1/72 96 . l177 her Pov - moze move inside and toward the young Lady cashier at the cigar counter , start talk to she . 178 '' ext , HOTEL - night addie be alone . she follow fhe man in the stetson across the street . 179 «=9her Pov the man in the stetson be with the man in the dark suit , they be next to some sort a bin . the man in the stetson open the top of the bin and @ other man reach inside and take out a few bottle th straw wrapper around they . the man in the stet lower the top of the bin , and the other man walk away from it , keep against the shadow of the building . man in the stetson look ~ around , then go around andjinto a building about the size of a one - car garage . cume out immediately , head for the back door , 180 shot = addie . quickly move back to the front door . 18l ext . veranda - night addie move to moze , who be yust get back to the couch . they sit next to each other as the man in the stetson ( jim hardin ) be seer enter through the window . moze what would you find out7 i : addie he 's gotta lot o! bottle he keep in some kind of bin cut - back . i moze how big 's the bin ? . addie id ’? know . blg@ as we car trunk , maybe ... what d'ya plan tido ? i . moze - find out where he keep he goods . : ( continued ) nad st ene 9/1/72 181 182 183 continued : addie well , he go into a little shack too , but he do not come cut with nothing . moze uh-huh. ( loud , clear voice ) : how ' bout a little walk , honey , before I put you ; to bed ? i Ie ch , goody . ap they both get up and move joward the front door . ext , front of lodge addie and moze move out and walk casually around towards the rear . ; i . moze qur friend 's name be jess hardin . he 's a bootlegger alright . Wholesale 's to pretty near all the bootlegger in the county ... ext . back of lodge near garage addie and moze reach the ! shadow of the building hardin have enter . they be move faster now . 1 1 moze ( stop and whisper ) . watch the hotel . ysu see anybody comin ' , cough : real low . I 'ma goin ' inside . + 1 , " addie it may be lock . : . | moze shucks , folk in the country never lock anything . do not you tmow that ? | . : # . addie keep she watch as moze move to the garage . feta 97 . 9/1/72 98 . 184 favor moze he push the door . it 's fock . he look back at addie , embarrassed . 1844 move with moze | as he find a window to the garage . he try it . it will not open . pushes hard . finally , it give . he raise it . he crawl in . i 185 shot - addie wait nervously . looksfat garage . 186 the garage - her Pov a match flare for a momest from the window . 187 addie leok up at hotel , 188 HOTEL rear rardin appear at door . 189 addie stiffen , lock back to garage -- nothing . she look at hardin igo hardin stand half in and half out , talk to someone . 191 addie | q look very nervous . wa hear the window close . moze move to she . il 2 addib he 's comin . = moze lock up and they quickly move away . camera travel with then . ( continued ) of 1 / t2 . 99 . 191 192 continued : mdze the old boy 's get enough whiskey in there to float the chattahoochy ferry . now all we gotta do be sell ol ! jess hardin some whiskey . é i addie we do not have no ; whiskey . moze we do not need any . that we gonna do be sell : ol ' jess some of he own whiskey . he put on he gold cap , wink at she . addie look con ~ fuse and admire . ' int , HOTEL - lobey moze move in with he selaposee , look for a seat , sit down just a couple of chair from where hardin be . hardin look straight ahead , roll he cigar in he mouth with bis finger . after a moment , moze get up and sit down next to hardin . moze yo ! name hardin ? hardin give moze a short , hard look , then turn away . hardin that 's right . — moze conrad 's my name . Jack say I ought to come see ya . rardin Jack who ? : moze qh , just Jack 's good enough , I reckon . hardin do not know no Jack . moze well , you oughta get acauaint . he 's runnin ! the biggest wholesale business in the state . ( continued ) 9/1/t2 100 . 192 continued : hardin sit silently , ponddr that . finally : hardin you sellin ' ? . moze that 's right . hardin ai not interested in no shinny . moze ai not offerin ' no shinny , ail I handle be bond gsod . hardin what kind ? moze all kind . give you a special price on some three feather . hardin how much ? : y moze 's depend . take twenty case T will let you go for 25 dollar per . hardin too much . moze ai not too much . can not buy it that cheap where they sell it legal . 4 ' hardin ai not legal heah . moze all the more reasm you be gettin ! a bargain . eardin give ya jus ! twenty . moze can not do it . brice be set down in Birmingham . pause . 9/1/72 1g2 193 lol . a hardin how long ' fore delivery ? moze how 's early in the mornin ' ? 3 hardin get it in the cougty ? : moze that 's right . i Long pause . hardin give it serious think . Studies moze carefully . he seem satisfied . 1 continued : ( 2 ) hardin where I pick it '' f° ext . garage - night ( crtoxsb ) angle on the open window addie stand outside . moze appear at the window . he hand addie a few bottle of - whisky which she put in a case of the ground . the bot - tle for 111 the case . that do it ? addie uh huh . do ya leave some ? moze plenty , he will never miss it . moze disappear a moment . addie moze ?... moze , we better git . moze reappear at the window with two extra bottle . hand they to addie , then start to crawl sut the window . ( coneatnine ) contin it 's all fill up , ah tell ya . moze ( out the window ) they 's fer I . 1/72 102. ige 19ha 195 1954 new shot . rear of HOTEL addie and moze carry the case of whisky . pan to show the cadillac park behind the hotel . it be greedily load with case of whisky . the top be down and the case be stack high above the sid of the car . angle cn cadillac they move into the front sdat and put this final case in the last available space . imoze sit behind the wheel . put he own two bottle dito the glove compartment . moze now watch they case , they do not spill off . ; 1 he start the motor . : addie well , y'’better go slow ... ( look around anxiously ) ' hurry . i the cadillac move away . the case of whisky sit precariously in the rear . . the cadillac turn a corner and they nearly topple over . addie' voice easy . moze ( sharp ) well , I gotta turn corner , do not I ? i ext . old mill road - night the cadillac be park . addie and moze be take the last of the case sut of the car . move with they as they take it back into some bush . both ere exhaust and out of breath . angle on whisky case stack up in the brush . die and moze put the last ease down . he turn and lead the waypout of the bush . ( continued ) 9/1/72 1954 continued : 103 . ad : moze , be not he go miss he whiskey ? moze maybe he will in ' bqut a week . by the time he figuy it sut , we will be in missori can not do nothin’ on Missouri , 195b angle on cadillac moze and addie get into the foont seat and wait . addie look at moze . she take the icigar box from the floor and put it on she lap . they jsit culetly . deep silence . moze light a match and look ft he watch . they wait . finally moze.react . 196 he Pov - light of a car turn in from the main road . a , tong time there be no sound . close . for the light go out and for finally we hear a car door moze and addie sit stlently . the car , move quickly to the of grass in he mouth and le : the car . uddenly moze get out of ront fender , put a blade " nonchalantly " against 1964 wider angle show jess hardin as he firmly upon he head . he movi addie a moment . then : F into view . the stetsen to moze . he look at hard : ( eye on de ) where be it ? moze wait a moment and then chsually move away from the cadillac towards the bush . §ardin stare at addie , then follow moze . 197 shot addie remain in the car as the twp man move off . she wait in silence for what seem a lo time . she turn to look back once . 9/1/72 197a her Pov - the bushes no ssund . no activity . 104 , 197b back to addie walt . finally we hear the brush . ze and hardin move through 197c angle on moze and hardin hardin take out a envelo look Inside , count the m m and hand it to moze . moze ey , close the envelope . glad t'run ino do it again some '' mebbe we will hardin nod . moze move tq the cadillac . get in . start the motor . the cad ac move off , leave hardin stand alone . 198 ext . road - night the cadillac on the move . envelope ) nine hundred fifty dollar . all in fifty . ( starts\to laugh ) nine hundred fift} dollar , and he buy he own whisky . ( laugh lo addie open the cigar box , to the money from the envelope , count it as she jay it in the " secret " lower section of the cigar bgx , beneath the cosmetics , etc . ad plus the two hundred seventeen dollar we already get , and if we could drop a few wallet and @o some twenties\now and then -- mo ! ( looting rear wind wat 's that ? rough ( continued ) 9/1/72 105 . 198 continued : addi . ( turn ) where ? moze ' hind we . ae 199 angle past addie at the dark road behind than . I do not see not ry somethin 's back #here . die nothin ' but piteh black . Ze think I see gomethin ! flicker . [ 49 q - 200 close on addie . look out back window . _ addie nothin 's there . she turn and face forward again . they drive in silence for a moment , moze lock in the rear view mirror . addie turn once to look behind they . phen look forward . she hold she clagar box close to er . moze be glad t'get outa this town , tell ya that . he look through mirror again . moze ( continue ) there it be again . somethin ! flicker , sure as hell . addie turn and look back again . she climb into the back seat and look more carefully . addie nothin ' ‘hind we , moze. w/ V 72 106 . 201 her Pov something in the darknesq plicker , moon light hit a fender . 202 close shot - addie she react . addie uh-oh . moze step on the gas pedal . moze I tell yal addie look around behind again . 40%a. 203 shot through rear window the headlight of a car wehind they come on . 204 ext . cadillac ~ shot - addie through back window her little face . eye squinting . frightened . we hear @ siren . addie get down on the seat , out of view . oda , 205 int . cadillac = favor m he push down on the gas , the siren closer . who coulea it be ? the sheriff 's car can hej see past moze as it pass the cadillac and force it tp the side of the road . moze slow . : addie ( eontimeing ) do not stop . ep goin’ . ( oze acai not keep doin ' ! the damn car 's in frontio ! I . he stop . 1 1moze ( continue ) ever'thing 's gonna be all right . let I do th! talkin ' , I 9/1/72 206 ext , roadside - night the police car angle to a stop in front of the cadillac . its light remain on amd two sheriff' deputy get out . each wear khaki clothes , .a silver badge on he chest and a big pistol low on the hip . one sf they stand by the police car the other , with a flashlight on , move to moze . he be deputy hardin , jess hardin 's brother and he look like he , too . he shine the light into the car . addie be CUT of frame during this . deputy hardin playin ' game with we , mister ? mozze , ( apologetic a do not mow who : be back there . peputy hardin risky thing t'dp . might git yo ! tire shot off . ( pause ) where ya hedint ? moze I and my little girl goin ' to St. Joe . ; deputy hardin live there ? moze nearby , the deputy put he foot on the run board , casually shine the flashlight into the back seat of the car . deputy sardin what 's ys ' business ? - moze idvestock . mule and horse mostly . some cattle . : deputy hardin ponny . I hear you be a bootlegger . /moze not I , friend . nossir{ must be some mistake , ' deputy hardin mebbe , mebbe not . ( continued ) 107 . 208 omitted 9/1/72 108. 206 continued : 4 the deputy stand for what seem a long time before he turn and walk toward the back of the cadillac . he move to addie 's side , shine he light in the back seat again and at the tire and along the top . returns to moze . deputy hardin ( continue ) Way ah hear it , you jus ! have a transaction by the old mill . moze where you hear a thing like that ? - dsputy hardin oh ... friend 9 " the family . he smile at moze who study he face a moment . we can see a exceptiomally strong resemblance to jess hardin . 4 moze sorry ... fraid ah do not know what you be talicin ' ' hout , deputy hardin ( lean in closer ) ab be talicin ' ' bout bootleggin' . ah be taliin ' ' bout nine hundred fifty doller . now just where might that be ? moze 4h be not get no mine hundred fifty dollar . do not know what you be talicin ' ' bout . ah do not even know where the old mill be . deputy hardin well , ah reckon we will jus ! have t' explain a little . more thoroughly , will not wk ? j 207 shot ~ addie and moze | '' exchange a look , moze stare a moment at the cigar box . i 9/1/72 199 , ° 209 int , interrogation room + close shot - the bee bee puzzle game - night as it be be angle aor . pull back to show deputy hardin play the game as he sit on the edge of a table in the center of the cold , sinister room . addie and moze sit on a bench against the wall . addie hold onto she eigar box . i hardin continue with the game . then : deputy hardin ( be : the game ) damn . jus ! when ya think ya get it make ... | ; ( look at moze ) just be not make , be it ? he stare at moze . thens deputy hardin ( continue ) you pretty good at this li '1 thing ? moze not too good . | j . ' deputy hardin not too good , huh ? '' ( pause ) ol ! bootlegger sittin’ there with he own little game , and he be not even good at he own 11 ' L game , yessir ... that be some good joke . beau enter . he carry the two bottle of whisky from moze 's car . 7 igmas found ‘em in tte Glove compartment . i he hand they to hardin ho put the bee= - bee game on the table and inspect the bottle . i 'brau ( continue ) but there be not no money in the car . go all through it , inside and out . ' hardin ( to moze ) livestock business , huh ? i 9/1/72 . 10 . 209 continued : 1 mozz that whisky 's fer a friend . t pause . : deputy hardin hold out yer : hand . hun ? '' woas i ~\ : deputy hardin I say , hold out yer hand , you hear I , : : moze hold out he hand . deputy hardin put the whiskey bottle on the table , stand up and lean down to look at moze 's hand . then he : sit back on the table . moze lower he hand . deputy hardin ( continue ) 4 b do not say put tem down , do + moze keep they up . deputy hardin ( sontinue } mighty clean hand . all do . up . cattle , mile , horse , livestock . they hand do not lack they do nothin’ much ' cept play little casino now and then . '' | moze 's I tell ya , that whisky 's for a friend , I do not see no harm in buyin ! a couple bottle of -= { deputy hardin De not see no harm , huh ? hear that , Beau ? Big bootlegger claim he do n!t know the law . well , I do not need no couple o! bottle to make a case again you , Mr. bootlegger . Law say all I need be jes one li'l ol ! drop . pick up car key from table , dangle they in the air . , i ( condinued ) i 9/1/72 209° il . continued : ( 2 ) 4 deputy hardin ( continue ) 'n you kin jus ? kiss that pretty ol ' car g'byd , too . Law say you transport alesholic beverage in a vehicle jand say vehicle be confiscate to be sell in public sustitn . moze™. hold on , now , seem t'me , that 's pretty rough jus ' cause -- deputy hardin do not lower you hand , I do not tell you t'lower you hand , when I tell you t'lower you hand , then you lower you hand , you do not dojnothin ! tless I tell you to do it . understand ? answer I , you understand ? addie be embarrassed for moze , turn away . moze , humili - ated , answer : ( i | ez | Beau move to hardin , whisper into he ear , '' deputy eardin need ah airesas have ' im take he clothes off77 ; ai not nothin ! 's in he clothes but he and he ain tt worth twenty cent . Beau whisper again into hardin 's ear . ' then hardin look _ at addie . finally , embarrassed : y 4 } deputy hardin ( continue J uh ... you get the money in you panty , child ? addie do not answer , dust look at he , humiliate , hardin be embarrassed , he move to the door . open it . : deputy hardin ( continue - ealling out the door ) yes , sir . willa ! ( continued ) 9/1/72 1212. 209 continued : ( 3 ) roa he look back at addie . | then a older woman , willa , move to the door , deputy hardin ocontinue want ya t'takée this child ' cross the hall , see iif she have money on she , maybe lin she panty or someplace . : ( to addie ) ' come 2o . go with the lady . | addie look at moze. hei nod . addie get up and move out the door , the cigar pox clutch to she chest . hardin close the door . | look at moze again . go back to the table . he put down the key , pick up the bee~ bee game . i : deputy hardin ( continue ) . you do not tmowi what icinda real , bad trouble you be in . you better start thinicin ' on it . TI @ot case agin you for possessin ' _ and transportin' whiskey .an ' I . reckon if I try , I can tnink of a few other thing . this here bottle be not get no licuor stamp . I snap mah finger , I get the alcoholic tax unit boy up here . you better face it . you be gonna be up in this part for quite a spell . workin ! on the county road . maybe you be lucky , you git off in six moth , you git six more month influencin ' a child . maybe six year for that . ( pause j. take off yer thee moze take off he tie . i ™~ deputy hardin ( continue ) you get a comb ? moze in mah pocket . i deputy hardin comb you hair . down . I say comb yer hatr dow ?! ( continued ) 9/1/72 113. 209 continued : ( 4 ) * moze take sut he comb amd comb down he hair over he eye . deputy hardin ( continue ) oh , that be good . that be real good . o1 ' sheep dog , huh , Beau . ( pause now tle yer tie ' round yer head . moze hesitates only a moment , then he tile he tie around he head . like a indian band . deputy hardin ( contdique ) : that be not tight ' auf , moze pull it slightly tighter , deputy hardin ( contiaue ) tighter . moze pull it a little tighter . finally hardin get up and move the moze and pull the tie very tight . then pe sit back on the table . stare at moze. start to ugh '' deputy hardin ( cont ) I sure do not like to send a man to the road gang . never have . always feel sorry for they poor devil . moze maybe we could work out somethin’ , deputy hardin what 's there t'work out ? I cai not hardly overlook the fact that you be pay nine hundred fifty dollar and you be not tellin ' I where 1t be . now ah can prove you be a bootlegger , so ah do not have t'work nothin ! out , do I ? : the door open , addie and willa be there . willa child be not hidin ' nothin ' , sheriff . '' '' ( continued ) 4 9/1/72 209 continued : ( 5 ) deputy hardin look at Wii and addie move to the benc she and moze . ld. y nod , willa close the door and sit . hardin stare at now let 's cut outithis ring fround the rosy . { where 's that money ? silence . he look at addie 's cigar box . he move to it . take it . rip off the st '' open it . moze and addie do not move .. 209a angle on BOX as hardin stare at the pictpre and the cigarettes and the tollet water and the pla card , etc , but he do not gs to the bottom he put the box on the table . Te hardin I be tellin’ ya t now , I will stay here till the pend o' time ... ( he pounde the table top ) y! hear I ? be pick up the cigar box again , he angrily turn it over and dump everything out . en expose the bottom secticr . 2098 favor moze aware . he be about to be uncover . 209c wider angle ~ favoring cigar| BOX on tabl everything be out now and thqre be no money , except a dime that . spin onto the table . 209d back to moze his surprise . puil back as he look towards addie who sit quietly , unflinch . addie look at moze . she put she finger to she temple and scratch it , call moze 's attention to she hat . 9/1/72 115 . 209e moze' Pov - addie' hat ! camera move in towards the hat and suddenly , when we be very close , we see the eye of Ulysses S. grant stare through a spen in the lace band around the hat . then we quickly make out the $ 50 figure , and there be the money , camouflage within the band around addie 's hat . 209f shot ~ moze as he look . his wide ~ he turn and look , al : stare at they . then 's ure it out . he turn look at it . put it against it , break it money , but all in vain . yed reaction . then pull back as with addie , towards hardin who denly hardin smile . he 's fig - no pick up the bee~bee game . the table and smashes he fist and examine its gut for the he 's on he foot again . deputy hardin foolin ! ' round ? ' tround . you think I ! T be not foo he move to moze . tt wince . then he lsok move to she and whip then throw . it behind thing else , ten the tie around he head . moze at addie . he wait a beat , then aff she hat and look inside and on the table along with every - it slide across the to down and pick it up . it back om the table . ble onto the floor . bean lean he look inside the hat , then put deputy hardin einuing ) you will come arsund a little thirsty , wngry . time sure with criminal , 2 beau git a little do have a do not 1t , be sure do . hardin leok at he watch . ' then to Beau : deputy hardin well , it 's gqttin ' on t'five . somebody to be stirrint over at th ! e@ . think I will step over thare awhile . [ I '11 be on back ' flore long ... get all day , y' ww . get all the time in the y ( continued ) — q/1/t2 2090 F 2006 210 lisa . continued : he stare at moze and aaaaq . then he move to moze , tighten the tie a little gore . then he laugh he crazy laugh and exit . now only Beau be leave with|them , he stand in the corner of the room . take out a ro and light it . camera move in on addie she and moze exchange a look . then she look back at the table . finally , she stand : up . Beau watch she . she move to the table and begin to slowly put she thing paek into the box . Beau silently agree to allow it . finally it 's fill and she : close the lid . she move with the box to the other end of the table and reach for she hat . t close shot - addie as she hand reach for she hat . in do so , a surrepti - tious move of she hand scoops up the car key at the same time she pick up the hat and as she put the hat on she head , she put the car key in she mouth . then full back as she turn and gs back to the bench . she give 2 little smile to the unsuspecting Beau . she sit down . silence . addie 's mouth tightly close . finally , she stand up and look at moze . addie daddy . I need t' go to the shit house . moze 's mouth fall open and Beau look embarrassed , addie stare at moze . then she look at Beau . beau well , uh ... thar 's uh ... place down th! hall . addie . daddy , I be a-scare . I want ya tfeome stand by the door . moze ( to Beau ) alright I go with she ? Beau think about it a moment , then he move to the door and open it . 9/1/72 . 1153 . 21l int . police station corridor . Beau step out , indicate the lady ! room down the hall . moze and addie move down the hall . Beau move across the hall and lean against the wall , watch . 211a close on moze and addie } moze look at she curiously . add : ( to moze ) run ! she start to run . moze take a moment to get with it , then mm with she down the corridor and towards the stair . moze you crazy ? . 4 212 angle on beau whe be only half watch and take a moment before he realize what 's happen . beau 213 angle on police station statryell moze and addie run down . they foot make a enormous racket on the step . moze still have he tie around he head . hey . moze where you runnin ? addie take the key cut of she mouth . hand it to moze , who look amaze . 214 back to corridor Beau make chase . 215 ° # shot - addie and moze run down another corridor towards the exit . beau' voice ' stop they people . hey , there 's dootilesger loose . 9/1/72 216 217 218 219 115¢. ext . police station ~ dawn the door swing open . moz camera with they as they Beau move out sf the door and addie run down the step . to the cadillac and jump in . int . caditllac jesus christ , this be the craziest < — dte burry . ze I be hurryin' ! moze get the key into thelignition and start the car . Hit the gas , into reverse} the car jerk back , throw - ing addie around , the doorifly open , she nearly fall out , but moze reach and pull she in , the door be pull close . stop them . bootlegger ! ext . police station the cadillac racing away 's deputy hardin see what small cafe . he start to through windshield we see happen from outside a ' toward the cadillac . the cadillac continue on the middle of the street axtend wide . there be bug deputy hardin rush into and there with he arm to go around hin . ( ye he can jump ! moze start to slow down} addie ( continue ) do not slow down ! '' '' 9/1/72 220 221 222 223 2al 2aka 115d . favor addiz 's foot as it move over moze 's to on the gas pedal and push down . ext . STREET the cadillac about to be down the deputy . but just at the last moment deputy hérdin jump out of they way . he fall comically onto the street . a humiliate dereat , the cadillac move up t Street . hardin take out he gun . int . cadillac addie look cut the redr window . ( angrily ) I coulda kill he . they esulda have I for murder , angie on police station as Beau get into they ¢ar to start the chase . deputy hardin aim he gun and ext , road the cadillac on the move int . cadillac addie look out the badk window . moze they be shootin ! at we . | wear but they be migsin '| keep goin 's ! we begin to hear the faint sound of the siren in the b.g. ' moze . we be not gonna : make it . yes , we will . ( continued ) 9/1/72 - 118b. 224a continued : moze not in this yella car we be not . every two bit lawman in Kansas gonna be lookin ' fer this car . we gotta get t! Missouri . ' addie paster . they be ecatchin ' up . 1 225 new shot - the cadillac i go down a side road , ( i tire squealing . pan back to show the sheriff 's car catch up . 1 t 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 23h 116 . int . cadillac moze bent over the wheel , ldoking straight on , the gas pedal jamme against the floor . he take a curve . addie fall against he as fhe siren get closer , i shot - addie looking ocuT the window addie that sign say " elfisworth . " you be takin ' we back into Kansas . addie and moze Jesus , yer right . | the sun 's risin ' 'hind we . ext . the road the cadillac run into a field and turn around . long shot and pass the sheriff 's car ff 's car have to stop suddenly ing back . het on its trail . ' the she and lose a little time in ext , side road the cadiliac turn and mov : river . down the road towards the ext . river road the cadillac move along the siren still off in the i moae to cross this river . - '' v e@ river into the rise sun . istance . he look outside . will os : ay he Pov - a ferry dock aw the ferry not there , an q/l/ 72 oo lt 236 237 238 239 2ho 241 ake + xt . river road a dillac stop at the ferry dock . '' we see a sign " turn sign to call for ferry . " moze get a of the car and .tirn the sign . he look e ferry far on the other a } ie he look toward the ferry '' back into the car . race close on moze 7 we hear the siren catching\up . on the other - side , then he it forward again . «or new oa cadillac make a new turn , its wheel inning as % move into a narrow dusty road . long shot the cadillac move . shot ~ the sheriff' car Far off in b.g . but cat up again . close on moze reacting to something up a hts pov on the road , a few hutidr yard in front of they : a old tractor , too wide to pass . moze' voice aeceenean as pesan B p a . Holy moly ! int . car - angle past addie and moze at tractor up ahead . : addie blow you hom . moze wo not do no good . ' he can not pull off the road , : 9/1/72 128. 243 ° angle on the tractor the driver look behind , hraring the siren get closer . 244 favor addie : look at tractor ahead} then turn to see the sheriff catch up . 245 close on moze look up at the side be the road , moze hold onto you hat . inten ant the oy moze push down on the gas . addie look where moze be look . 246 angle past her ( show where the mountatp have be cut away to make the road . adbie you will never make light . 247 ext , high shot ! show the cadillac , use all its power , head up onto the side of the mountain and careen across the face of the cut at close to a 90 ° angle , slide and bounce and kick up reck , then bump back onto the road , about ten foot in front of the tractor . '' 248 angle on the sheriff' car slow down and racing its siren behind the chugge tractor , unwilling to chance the pass just make by moze .. 249 '' int , cadillac ~ moving on : addie half on the floor , - you alright ? : ( conrmmueD ) 24g 250 251 252 253 254 lig . continued : addie ( catch she breath ) uh-huh ... ' t moze well , we throw a jhobble on ‘em for a while anyway . we have gotta get off this road . otherwise we will and up in @ town for sure . | | 1 ext . road = new area - day the cadillac speed on , ' pass a small wooden hollow then stop and back mp and turn into the small read , mot mich bigger than a trail , half -hidden by undergrowth and droop tree branch . the cadillac turn into the narrow trail . - moze stop , get out fast , move back to the road and with he foot do a quick job of smother over the tire track he have make in the shoulder of the main road . he move back to the car , get in . int . cadillac 4 I he look at addie and th drive through the rough trail . angle through windshield as the car move through the undergrowth , branch brush against the windew and over the hood , ete . they continue on for a few moment . through windshield a few hundred yard ahead , } sit near the edge of the road be a old , lop-side dog - trot cabin make cut of Split rail . behind the cabin , across a yard strewn with all the junk in creation , ig a barn . it be twice the size of the house but even more lopsided . a delapadate dodge truck be at the side of the barn . ext . cabin - the yellow cadillac drive into the yard and stop near the sagging front porch . they get out . ( continued 254 255 . 256 120 . continued : moze place look desert . anybody t home ? ( silence ) angle on door of cabin it squeak open . a old man with weak , sleepy eye and thin hair stand straigh up , stick he head out . wider angle ~- the old man look at moze and addie fa cadillac . the man move tall and skinny and bare 7 ] pair of stain and ding stands there and stare moze a most of all at the yellow & onto the porch . he be pot . he wear overall and a grey long john . he just howdy . the Old man do not answ moze make a silent decision . the Old man 's expression hand slowly over he stopg hear . pes not change . he rub one ch , squint as though he do not 's need t'get rid dnt deo aothin ' ed some whiskey . of ' this car ... mich . just hat the Old man think it over , '' then , hook he arm around a upright on the porch , {lowemg himself to the ground and walk over and standg in front of the car . he look it over good , rub hig thumb along the grey stubble on he chin . : ( continued ) 256 257 258 259 121 . continued : e . then he turn and start move back onto the porch , then go into the house . the Old man scratch some mo : slowly towards the house . he look back at addie and moze moze look at addie , then mov towards the old truck . closer shot - the truck addie and moze approach it . t be as sorry and patch together a thing as you have ev@r see . moze study it . a fray , front tire with omigous bulge on the side . he look inside . it be a mes$ , except for a relatively new and obvicusly steal radi @ stick beneath the dash - board . addi : think it run ? moze { '' we gotta have some way o' travelin ' , do not we ? where will we go ? moze outa Kansas , ' croas St. Joe , that 's where he border to favor addie reacting to St. Joe . then welhear a creak door . addie and moze lock up at the{ house . tseir fov ~- the shack the front door open . the then behind he , move of ap suspiciously as the Old man , be three young man . thers . clovis , asa and leroy . ' they be just abqut the worst trash imaginable . dirty and barefoot , need shave , overall grimy and able to stand in a corner \gy themselves . they look as if they smell 1 . that have be lap whisk rangy and capable of spitting leroy be the biggest and the by make you uneasy . they move ty and look down at the cadillad a man move slowly out again . é a pack of wet hound all of they be big , pver a cowsh . but anest , with eye that the edge of the porch ( continued ) 259 122 . continued : pull back to show addie and ze move towards the house . the brother move doy the step and walk around the car . addie and moze stof at the edge of the porch . the three brother turn and fook at they . the Old man be still on the porch . ' fope ya take she out on the highway . ( continue ) it 's all legal . qor the papers t'prove it . all ifgotta do be you own it . the boy look at moze and addie a few more moment . then they look at one anoth¢r , then they look at the car . finally they move th fhe step . what 's wrong cai not haul nothin ! jin it . ya , you can sell t i'n buy two truck do you hahlin ' in . '' you can pile more stu shis Boy we be not gonna swap\ they start up the step to the\ house . mozh ( suddenly ) rassle ya fer it . the boy stop . turn. addie / flook at moze . ( continued ) 123 . 259 continued : ( 2 ) you crazy ? if I win , we swap .\{ you win you git t'keep the truck nand the car both . adm mozei mo quiet down ... the boy look at moze . the at one another again . they huddle together , have a light e@ meeting . then : what kind o' rasslf you name it . cotch as kin . shoe or barefod ogrow big smite make no nevermind for moz barefoot . ad : ( to moze ) you be gonna get kip ¢' give something ' ' why moz ai not get no choice ss. leroy be paw the Old man put bmouth and start cllij up he sleeve . reagy for the fun . ( continued ) work on it . moze begin asa and clovis be laugh , 259 260 124 , continued : ( 3 ) moze let 's gol there be a pause , then moze es a step towards leroy . leroy spread he leg and ¢rpuches low , the knuckle of one hand drag the g ad . he look like a big monkey . moze begin circle so he can keep face buddenly , leroy fall to the ground , support himself pn one arm and lash out with he foot , try to kiclg moze in the crotch . that be not fair , y ( to the Old man ) make ' im fight fair moze continue to circle lerg amoothly and gracefully . to follow moze from a crouch up and hold he arm out wig ajlot faster . he move y plink he eye , try position . then he stand and move towards moze . he pace do not step om that fake , leroy . leroy stop and turn he hddd to one side and look down for a moment , just long enojgh for moze to take a half step forward and give he a / hard backhand clout right across the Adams apple . lerdy 's eye seem about to pop out of he head . he try tq draw a deep breath as he bend double , gag and chck with the side of he foot a can under the chin . leroy filly backwards and hit the ground like a 200 - pound sack pe wet manure . clovis and asa be dumbfounded for the mpment . they laugh so hard they can hardly stand up . nld man be laugh , too , atamp he foot on the por clovis and asa be get inff the car . yelping happily ! blow the horn . addie 1s awed , lock at mo¢b , mouth open . favor moze like a proud rooster . he 3 toward addie and wink . 125 . 261 shot - the radiator cap 4 spinning slowly pull back to show addie and moze in the old truck , putter= ing and sputtering along ' the highway . it be far worse than moze 's original for. 262 int . truck ~ addie and mcze dress in they old clothes now , stare straight ahead , addie hold tightly to she cigar box . moze be perspir= ing in the heat of the day and the old truck be start to boil over . | 263 ext . a steep grade = long shot the truck be almogt at the top of the grade fight hard to make the last few foot . then it chug to a stop , the steam come out of the radiator . moze and addie get out of the car , stare at it . moze ia about to kick the bulg tire , then change he 264 new shot = the eitl addie behind the wheel oq the truck , moze be push the truck up the last few feat . 265 close shot ~ addie in the truck . steering . | a little nervous . ae sae 266 shot ~ moze push hard , sweat . 267 '' new shot ~ the truck i Teaching the top of the hill . addie look down at a precariously , steep grade : ahead of she . ( call ) now put you foot on the brake . i 268 int . truck - addie < put she foot on the ln . the truck continue over the top of the hill and sfarting to roll down the grade . '' wee a ) ! 126 . 269 shot ~ moze j moze the brake , the urake ! 270 shot - addie j } ts it do not work ! ' pp d 27 . long shot ~ the ruck | Rolling down the hill with moze stand at the top of the mi 's voice the brake , God it . the brake . 272 int. truck addie 's Little head look over the dashboard , she foot fight to stop the trugk , she arm fight to keep the truck on the road , 273 ° '' long shot = the truck continue down the hill , moze stand at the top of the hill , helplessly , 5 274 closer on the truck as it roll on , it goes|for a long tine and finally , just before 1t stop , it passd a sign read : you be entering stat of missouri on . 1 , a7 de ' 275 long shot ? the truck stop . moze gove down the hill . 276 ext , road outskirt of ST J joseph , mo . = day the dodge truck make slow time towards a sign that read ; " St , joseph = 5 mile " g/l/ t2 : 127 . 277 int . truck ( moving ) they sit quietly . finally , addie look at the sign . then she look at moze and then forward . {add te what '1l we do now ? drep some wallet ? '' moze how much money we get ? {add te qne thousand one hundred fifty - two and some change . forty - two cent , ah think . they continue to drive ore move in close on moze , work " something " out . he bute a plece of gum in he mouth . chews hard . i - moze wallet , huh ? : ( beat ) : nope . gotta doi better than wallet . 278 int , HOTEL - ad te / moze | day a flea bag . the radio om . moze be finish dress in he best suit . addia be put on she sweetest dress . addie what if that lt man do not believe ya ? : i | moze he will believe ime , alright . he 's in the market ' for makin ' a killin’ . jus ! like we be , ~ x '' addie maybe he do not even have a silver mine . ' moze . 4h check he ! out therough and he 's just what ' people say he be . Rich and greedy . where 's the ' money ? addie go to the mattreas . take the box from under it . take out the money . he 'turn , look at she . a exami~ - mation . moze pull up you sack . ( carrmvuE ) 9/1/72 278 continued : 128. j moze count the money and put it in a envelope . put the envelope on the dresser as he check he hair . i : addie ( adjust she sock ) we get a silver mine ; we could get a house and ever ! thing , could not we ? i moz ( hagey , certain ) ever 's thing , : jus ! ever 'thing in the world ! ever 'body have they big opportunity and this . one 's jus ! ' wound the corer . . ( he iaing ) et " just around the corner , there 's a rainbow in the sky ... " moze look at himself anee more , then he turn to she . i moze ( cottinue ) . alright now . ; you get it all straight ? carner of East waring and burlingtm , just show up with ' tear in you eye , that 's all . | pore do not forget the money . F '' } moze : - . ( he idid ) : '' ' course I wegtt forget the a , money . he pick up the envelope , put 4t in he pocket . look at he watch , then he go to the door . . | moze : ( cogtinue ) see ya in thjrty minute . ( open 3 door ) 4 moze ? could we get a blane , too ? ~& moze pee 7 ~ a piano ? we 'ot have a whole be '' > factory . . La ree it 9/1/72 129 . 278 279 280 282 282 283 288 continued : ( 2 ) she smile . moze exit . addie look at herself in the mirror . corer there 's a rain in the sky ... " int . HOTEL hallway ~ day moze jauntily to the staif and down . int . flea bag HOTEL lobby |- Day moze move through rememfer something , take the gold cap from he pockat , jslide it on he tooth . ext . flea bag HOTEL - da moze move out , about to turn down street . stops. look . bis Pov - deputy sardin , 0 and another deputy , < they be lean against 4 car , stare at moze . wider angle ' guess ya jus ! d ' nat swap . beat . moze you cai not arre Missouri now . . D mebbe ah cai not : Missouri , but ah 7 sure you be not g -- go while yer here . no one move for a moment 3 | then hardin take a step toward moze who suddenly thrns and start to run . the deputy take after hin . . shot - STREET - Day the chase . oo 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 2g2 293 2gh 130 . series of shot a chase through St. Jose ih , the street and alleyway . int . HOTEL lobby ~ day addie all dress up , moy through the lobby . ext , flea bag HOTEL = da addie exit , movea down the street . shot = the chase continuing angle up dead end alley moze cornere , ' the deputy move in on hin . close shot = moze look at the oncoming '' a hand chop he suddenly om the neck and a knee 's cpme inta hig stomach , it ia the beginning of a obviously brutal beat . the bottle of whisky break and moze is}down , ext , STREET - day addie look down toward 4 building . a elderly Southern gentleman , very well dredse , be stand in front of a office building . addie lbok for moze . she paase the Old man , who look at hisl watch , shot = moze beaten and bloody , fold pain in the back of the alley , he try to bring himself {to he foot , but fall . he try again , manage to stand , look at the bust whisky , start to move up the allel , ext , STREET corner = day addie stand in the shadbw . she look toward the Old gentleman on the step . ly , he look at he watch , put it away and leave , : ad close on addie frightened , try to figdre what to do . 9/1/72 - . 231 . 295 ext . back STREET - day moze , lean against a 11 . he wait a moment , then limp towards the end of ja building . 296 shot - addie ~ waiting oze' voice sess .... addie look around . moze' voice ( sontjnue ) 's - addie ... she turn . angle past she show moze . he be half on he side and half on fis imee , double over in pain . addie move quickly to he . addie mozet 297 close shot = addie and moze addie mose ... he fall back so thaf he ia look up at she , he eye puffed up and half open , addie lock close to tear . addie ( continue ) moze , moze . a swal ... ah dwallow 0 ze ( egg ) mah gold tooth app Ie aw , moze . m they take it all . be aw , moze , yer allveeat up . she wipe the blood frem he blcody lip with she dress . he stare at she . ] moze | ai not nothin ' leave , ( continued ) 9/1/72 297 298 house across the road . 132 . continued : : addie do not worky none . ah be keepin ' termdollar for emergency . ) 's moze ten dollar . what the hell we do with ten dollar ? é addie we could buy some bible , do a little widow business . must be lotg of good town ' round here , fhen we could do some twentias , drop some wallet , fore ya\ know it , we will be teal go again . ah will bet no time sould have a whole ' nother car and everthing . silence . moze simply ! stare at she . then she enthusiasm fade . br addie ( gontinue ) . ' you be gonna take I now , - be not ya ? : - he neds . addie ( continue ) aw , moze . oz dea't start '' : '' it 's where we set out for , be not it ? for : for ext . a empty field - Day - d@ce truck come to a slow stop . add¥e and moze sit stare at a ey display almost no emotion . addie ( reithe house ) of leck nice . } ° . . } . '' leok real tine . Long pause . a man move opt of the door . start down the steo . . ( continued ) — any lape 9/1/72 298 continued : pause . pause , he get out of the truck . as he dee , addie leave make sure he dee not see ok . 133. moze ( continu ing must be you uncle moze yep . Real nice , addie maybe if Frank D. rogsevelt come through town , ahey '11 take I down the station and see ' in . maybe you write 61 ' Frank , he will have a plage to write ya back acw . yeah . he might ak that . mi ( sharp ) start to get she thing out . anvelope on the seat , addie get out of the ' add where ya gonna go ? moze De not worry ' bout my . I get gome plan . New iddgas comin’ in ever 'day . ( continued ) o/1/72 298 134 . continued : ( 2 ) i she have she thing in she aris now . the radio , the cigar box , she suitcase . a pair Sf roller skateg around she neck . she look at he . en start away . stop . turn . . yilmnow ... if I you be not my pa 's : mo : although sometimes figure Mr. connor ay pa , just the way he touch my shoulder , get I thing from the candy counter for free . ' ' 'n mré pritchard , he smile at I / once , real nice . ( ' cept they d or nothin ' , close the door . iz the door moze get into the truck , ai not ya comint with I ? . moze ( start the} truck ) there 1t be , jus ' cross the road . how much cloger be I brung ya and ya have on the way with the finances . go om now . she nod . ' then she lock at . the house and camera move with she as she start off the / field and across the dirt road . she give moze a last loék over she shoulder . 9/1/72 299 300 301 135 . close shot - house i addie approach . she look up the step at the door . suddenly we hear the truck start up and she turn . wider angle to show moze in the truck as it chug off up the road , disappear into the dust . move in on addie . she watch the dust settle . when it do , the read be empty . then she turn and look at the door and finally start up the step . | angle cy door addie stand in front of it . she hesitates , then kmock . she wait . finally the dcoy open . a wcman in she mid - thirty be there . aunt E. she be gentle and kind and straight out of a camptell Soup ad . she look at addie . billie yes ? addie look past she into the house . it be perfect . calico curtain , hook rug{and even a piano . yea ? addie look up at she aunt ! anim addie . ( continued ) 301 302 303 304 136 . continued : a addie !. , .. addie ! ( she embrq addie . come inside , child . they move inside and closa the door , ext . road = just out of y - tay dodge truck chugge slowly alone . int . truck - moze sad .° he continue drive for a few moment , he see the envelope tuck into the passenger seat . he pull over to the side of the road and stop the car , he take the envelope . we can see it / read " to moze . " he open the envelope . Inside be the / picture of addie on the paper moon . written on it be j " to moze . Love from addie . '' int , aunt billie' hoy addie be sit on +. = @ edge of 4 chair . aunt billie I have be wriftin ' letter , you uncle danielj be tryin ! to ea@ll that pqople down there find out where yo % be , why , you be the spittin ' [ image of you mam . just pretty 4s a picture . oh , I do not know why I go om talkin ! liké this , what you need 's some ice cold lempnade . you just sit there and it be back in a minute . ( she move into the kitchen everybody 's goin ' to be so happy t'see you . addie sit alone in fhe room , unsmile , look around at all of its warmthj / and coziness , aunt billie' voice ( 0.8 . ) wetre gonna get that clothes orf ya and ypu will have a nice fresh pant ) ( ord ( continued ) 304 305 137 . continued : aunt billie 's voice ( o.s. cont would ) la sleep in you jong with you '' I jus ! near ~ and you be go own Little bed a eousin edna . wh : give up on you , addie stand up , look tgward the kitchen . ow billie' voice ( conting you must be star ip 0 death , T gonna cut you 4 big piece of pie . with all she gear , addie| move toward the door . she open the a ( contin we get that Tel never hear from addie walk out of the hpbuse and close the door . a billis' voice ( continh ) we be not goin ! all that now . sit down and to you have be and billie' voice ing ) gram then we you again . ight we will all ' bout where ow you get here . ext . aunt billie' hou addie move down the st rumning up the road . = long shot ss , out to the road , then start Ie ( call moze . moze , she keep go . her skate fall to the road , but she leave they behind as she run on , try to hold onto she other thing . addie '' ( shriek ) moqooo0 ze , she continue to run , away from the house , 306 307 308 . 309 310 311 138 . int . dodge pick - up moze finish 2 cigaret the radio be play " ss we begin to hear addie 's '' look off at the road ahead . side up . " after a few moment , oice from far off . ( barely moze ... moze ... moze do not react . he shes the cigarette and flip it out onto the road . be about to start the truck . ( a bit moooz Ze see moze cock he head and look up into the rear-view mirror . he pov - through mirror Far in the distance be a 11 dot run up the dusty road , '' voice ( sti11 fhr off ) mooocoze . shot - moze look through the mirrof . suddenly he turn and open the door and get out of the truck . ext , the road as moze turm and look atj the little figure rumning frantically toward he . grin brokenly . camera pull back as moze tstart to move toward addie , we can still hear the music from the radio . long shot addie rumning towards mozel , call he name as she do . they come together in the ddle of this empty place and embrace . favor addie look off . 312 313 314 139 . ber Pov the truck , its brake have ( fail , be roll slowly down the road away from then . back to addie and moze they watch it a moment , then ipick up addie 's thing , start to run . ] long shot the dodge truck roll free}y down the road as addie and moze chase after it . as the\end title begin , they catch up , gat in , and continue on yheir way . fade out .