the parallax View by Lorenzo semple , Jr. base on the novel by loren Singer c®@ nee on ee ee the ee eee see een tant shatin laa '' " the parallax view " ext . interstate highway - night it 's raining hard . we look out through the wet side window of a car park on a overpass , above a long flat straight . headlight of another car come toward we down the highway , from total darkness , refracted by the trickle rain on the window into a parallactic double image . ' there 's a bang ! like a tire blow . the light swerve and skid , with a brief . staggering crash of steel and glass pile head - on at 75 mph into cement abutment of the overpass . then silence settles again , and over the picture this word appear : " man' image be not only that of gob , it be also that of satan . . ~ the image in the ascendant now cannot be known to US . perhap * GOD be be not the triumph in our time . - ~- from the handbook for emplovee , the Bureau of Social structure . " ext , blacktop road - Day - a_ state police car pursue a sedan at speed , siren and flasher go . . around a curve with tire scream , then the sedan brake abruptly and pull to a stop on the shoulder . int . / ext . stop sedan in the mirror the driver watch two young troopers get out of they car behind . he reach out to he right , unobtrusively unlatch the passenger - side door . then he get a pistol from the glove compartment and slip it out of sight under road map open on the seat beside he . sitting cool and easy , he watch the lst trooper stop back of he right rear fender . he pat he pocket , make - a sheepish show of search for a wallet as the 2nd trooper come on up to open window . driver would not you know ? I do not have it on I . : so 2nd trooper 's step out , please . oo continued , driver out of the car ? what for ? 2nd trooper dust get out . not too fast . Driver about to protest , but then he see trooper 's hand go down to holster . Driver pop he eye in kind of scared surprise , obediently fumble at the door handle . that 's he last fumble . : like a steel spring he throw himself back flat on the seat and with both foot kick driver 's - side door savagely open into gut of trooper stand at it , and keep on roll right out through unlatch door on other side , and land in a crouch with that gun in he hand and fire point - blank at trooper back of fender , and spin around in front and_ fire again at 2nd trooper writhe windless on blacktop where door slam he . . : cu - the driver . | ~ driver oh sweet hell . . " past pull back as he turn . ' now we see a state police bus park just beyond where sedan stop . there be a dozen rookie troopers stand in the road , watch in some awe . the driver , who be lieutenant frady , lower he blank - cartridge pistol fairly disgustedly . . frady each of you . write I five reason that would never happen to you . that 's all . prady shake he head again at the trooper still down on the blacktop , step over he and get back into car . int . stop sedan prady slam the door and start the engine and turn on he radio . he pick up its microphone , blow in it . . . prady one=niner to Central . leave training area . anything up ? . 1 . radio voice hello , one-niner . victim in that wreck last night on I - Seven be identify . tucker , Michael . 3 . continued frady - ring no bell . should it ? radio voice morgue just call . they find a slip in the guy 's pocket -- with you name and address on it . frady ' 's surprised for a instant , but it 's hard to tell . he never show much expression . frady I will look at he . one -niner out . int . county hospital - lobby - day andrew winston get out of a elevator . well - dress man in youngish 5as . it will not surprise we when we learn he 's a» college professor . Winston be crossing to go out front door when he meet frady come in . they both stop . - winston Lieutenant . : , fprady answer 's still no . winston please . listen to I . I do not excuse what he do , but he 's one of the best student I have ever . have . really exceptional . frady that I will buy . ' Point one~five - drunk and stone -- and try to slug a trooper with a bottle . winston I would call the last score settle , Lieutenant . frady why ? winston I just see he , and I wonder -- would you man have beat he quite so badly if he be not black ? frady charge of brutality must be put in write . . cone , continued . winston just wonder . frady walk along with I a minute . prady head for a door beside elevator . Winston fall in with he . int . hospital basement level - day they emerge from a stairwell . as frady start to lead around a corner , Winston stop . camera pan to a sign on the wall . it say " morgue " with a point arrow . winston and frady . winston what 's the idea ? frady wilcox be upstairs in the prison ward with a bust head . I be show you where he ought to be . ( as Winston just . stand there ) he be in a steal car . he make a move at a officer . he 's very " lucky and the charge do not get aropped . winston but he have -- he have -- such a really great future . frady lot of we have . winston not that I like this tack -- do you know who I be ? a beat . pfrady 's tone go even flatter . frady Andrew Winston . professor.of american History up at State U. . winston before that . : frady yes , I know the position you have . go on . ad 1 % . continued winston ~ I have some influence , Lieutenant . in fairly high place . I might be able to turn it on again . frady do I the favor of my life . try that . frady 's eye bore into he . Winston turn and exit up the stairway . frady continue on he way . int . morgue area - day a attendant sit at a desk outside double swinging door . he have a cold cigar butt in he mouth and be mentally jack off over a open playboy mag . frady come up behind he . N frady you will grow hair inside you skull . ( as fellow look up ) visitor for tucker , Michael . 's attendant let 's hope he 's in . attendant get up . move with he and frady through the swinging door . chilly air in the morgue - proper hit frady and make him immediately sneeze . . frady pardon . attendant no sweat . nothin ' bother the guest in this hotel . let 's see now -- Mr. tucker 's suite -- : they have reach wall of big pull - out drawer . camera drop with attendant as he locate one in bottom tier . typed card in slot say : " tucker , m . " . . attendant we be in luck . ai not get he do not disturb sign out . camera tilt up as guy roll out the drawer . frady squint down , not enjoy the o-s. view one bit . attendant face familiar ? cont . continued frady ~ not a bit . the attendant it 's a shame . frady why ? attendant I mean all I get be guy who have do head - on 's at a hundred into bridge . never nothin’ like out of playboy . . frady Boy . I would sure hate my sister to wind up around here . . frady pivot quickly and exit shot . , ext . state police hq - day '' establish a good modern building in open countryside . ' terrain be fairly flat , with a haze of high mountain in _ extreme distance . it could be eastern Colorado . frady park he sedan in a official slot in front and go into the building . - . . . int . state police hq - day as frady walk along , a young uniformed trooper pass he in opposite direction , carry some papers . he make funny know eye at frady and let out a low whistle . frady stop . : frady corporal harmon . a 7 cpl . harmon Sir ? : frady why you whistle at I , harmon ? cpl . harmon I be just whistling , sir . that 's not persuasive , but frady lose interest . : frady okay , harmon . get go . ' fore | I run you in for mopery with ' '' intent to gawk . 7 . continued harmon unstiffen and get go quick . frady turn a corner . we can read lettering on the close door at end ahead of he : " criminal investigation division . lt , frady . '' int . frady' office - day frady enter and stop short , like see a ghost . another angle a girl be stand by the window . her name be hildy . she 's in she early 30 and quite attractive enough to explain cpl. harmon 's whistle , and she attempt to hide she obvious uncer - tainty be not very good . rildy hello , frady . surprise . cu = frady / , he just look at she . - his eye be strangely cold . then he eye go off she as angle loosen . make a point of not look at she , he hang he jacket on a hook but . heave on he shoulder holster as he go to desk and yank open a bottom drawer . . fprady how you get in here ? hildy Said I be engage to you . no look , no comment . frady take a bottle from the drawer . antique label say '' sloane 's horse liniment , " but it 's probably not that because he uncap it and drink a slug . . 's hildy I have a heck of a time find you . I never dream you would be a policeman . frady I neither . hildy I be terribly glad you be .. . frady I nom glad you be glad . why ? . hildy it 's the damndest thing . it 's -- look at I , will not you ? cont . oy ' oo continued ~ he will not . he stick bottle away , wipe mouth with back of hand , start shuffle papers on he desk . prady talk of damnedest thing . you first name 's hildy , but in -- ' let 's see -- ummm -- in nine year , I have forget you last . hildy - Miller . look at I . frady : hildy Miller -- do not you know why see you make I so sad ? '' hildy of course . I do not like to be remind either . : fprady . then what 's the score ? hildy someone want to kill we , prady . cu = frady , he turn he head at last . he look at she . frady us. widen to include hildy . she look at he fixedly , neds in the most serious way you ever see . . prady want to kill you and I . ( get another nod ) the both of we . murder us. ( and another ) who ? hildy I do not know . silence . frady 's lip be suddenly ary . he wet they and look down again , continue shuffle papers . hildy come over and lean toward he with she palm flat on the desk . cont , ay continued hildy you should ask why . frady that would be dumb . hildy what do you mean ? frady we be together just one night and one morning . it could not be the night , so it 's gotta be <= ( after a beat , low and halting ) . 11:12 ayem . where we be . what we see . the -=- uh -=- Jesus , and I swore I would never think of : it again '' - the -- uh -- damn , I do not like to say it even -- the assassination . , hildy yes . : it have be say and answer . the word hang there like a little hiss snake . more silence . frady still look down , shuffles papers . : . - hildy : ~ go on . ask question . - frady ummmn . you still fly with . the airline ? hildy - yes . why ? : fprady be in any crash ? have any mental treatment ? hildy 's mouth open . frady jab button in he intercom BOX , speak quickly into it : , _ prady : prady here . Lady in my office can not find she way out . send - harmon in to help she . cont . ay '' rarr ) ey 9a . continued : , ' : - hildy look -- I be not kid -- I can show you evidence , I can -- : prady no. you look . guy who pick up airline girl for romantic weekend deserve any trouble they get , but this one 's too sick for I . go find a good shrink . * hildy you damn male chauvinist ! wait till you hear from Mike tucker ! cu - frady a ~ he blink just once . the price have change a little . peature hildy beside herself with indignation , she grab she purse and head for door . she 's in the hall before frady catch up behind . if. you do not know better , you might think from he tone that he be only mildly interested . cont . 10 . continued . frady : who 's Mike tucker ? hildy he 's a man ! you might believe hin ! we frady you figure he will contact I . hildy probably not , Lieutenant . he 's on they list too . I bet they will murder he while you be still stand with you thumb up it ! frady ~ where you stay ? hildy Motel . the '' ok corral . " what 's it to you ? : have a bum day . sorry how I be . stay in and I will stop by after - supper and look at you evidence . hildy . you be humoring I , frady . you . . ~ will not stop by . . frady policeman 's honor . . hildy ( still burn ) Dumb crack about guy who pick up airline hostess -- man , you can put that triple in reverse ! cpl. harmon be come down the hall . hildy do not wait for he . she zoom past he and harmon look at frady questioningly . frady shut the door in he face . ext . auto wrecking yard - day remains of dead car be pile all over . , we find one wreck on a hoist a couple 's of féet above the ground , its four wheel remove . it look the way a car should look after it have go head - on at speed into a concrete abutment . cont . oy il . continued frady prowl around it , examine it closely . he 's study the bulge - out smashed windshield when a yard man come up . yard man we get the rubber off the rim . what 's leave of ‘em . frady walk across a little way with the yard man . the four wheel rim lie on the ground , stripped of tire . frady squat down by the pair of they which be knock egg-shape . frady this be the front , huh ? yard man . yuh . what you lookin ' to find : exackly ? ~™ prady dunno exackly . . ( as guy watch ) thanks . you can get back to work . yard man get the idea . he walk away . prady turn the wheel on the ground , study the hollow inside of rim where the tire use to be set . he pause suddenly , with narrow eye . : closer - wheel rim : there 's a regular little indentation in one of they . a small punch - in holiow in the steel , like could have be make by a rifle bullet . for frady stick a forefinger in it . pan to the other wheel rim . it lie with its bent oval shape match the first , but there be no iittle hollow indentation in this one . angle - frady . - : he get up . what he 's discover be think - provoking . camera pull back to a wide angle . we see frady deep in that thought , walk up and down in front of terrible heape wasteland of junk . ' slow mix to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - the capitol build - day the junkyard have slewly become this gleam edifice . it stand in the sunlight as a troop of schoolchildren mount the step , debouch with they guide from bus park below . the kid be suitably solemn and awed by it all . Z 12 . ( int . capitol - a hearing room - day . it 's not a big one . a session be in progress : some sort of House Appropriations sub-committee affair . there 's a scat - tering of people in the seat , watch and listen . edward trumbull sit in the witness seat . he 's a very well - tailore type in he 40s : they do not break the mold after they make Dean acheson , evidently . facing he over the big paper-strewn table be several congressmen . the chairman be a small southerner , string - tie and rimless - glass . the . pencil in front of he be very sharp , and we know from he i eye that he be a fierce guardian of the public purse . chairman correct I if I be in error , suh . you name be Edward trumbull . you be the director of the Bureau of Social structure . trumbull ~ yes , sir . chairman : I presume you know the purpose of this hearing , Mr. trumbull ? < , . : trumbull toe yes , sir . to examine my bureau 's - request for funding in the come fiscal year . a congressman look at papers in front of they . fellow next : to Chairman make a face and whisper something . Chairman nod , address himself again to the witness . . chairman . some of we be not quite clear as - to the function of you department , . Mr. trumbull . could you help we ? trumbull with pleasure , sir . the Bureau of Social structure be organize in 1958 , during the eisenhower administration , under pl 10451 dash 2 . it be charge with -- I quote -- the continue study of social structure as develop within the United States as make - by its. citizen in response to conduct of the Federal government . 'i - a beat of awkward silence . one Committee member bite peevishly on he cigar . cont . continued 13 . that member worst gobbledygook I ever hear . what 's that mean in English ? trumbull ( charmingly ) . I sympathize , sir . the language of that era often be obscure . let I explain it ' another way -- chairman . ( bang gavel ) no , suh . you will not . trumbull I beg you pardon ? chairman _ o™ gentlemen , allow I to draw some amazin ' fact to you attention . it 's on that sheet you all have , ( as they look ) , in each and every year since it be start , this Bureau have request somewhat less money than it receive the year before . not only that , it have move on four occasion into smaller quarter and operate with fewer : . personnel . I find this record usnique and without precedent in my experience . speak for myself , therefore , I do not give a dang what this whatchamacallit Bureau do -- just wish there be more like it . all in favor ? the committee aye ! .. : : chairman Mr. trumbull suh , you Bureau 's request for funding be approve as make . ( bang gavel again ) step over here , please , and we will all shake you hand -- trumbull rise with 'a debonair smile , lean across and start shaking hand . the people in the seat applaud . '' slow mix to : 14 . ext . a gunfight - night congressman magically become figure on a cute animated neon sign . they walk each other down along multicolor tub and draw gun and little neon bullet zap out and everyone fall dead . they start it again as camera pull back . Old - fashioned light bulb spell out name over the endless neon slaughter : " ok corral motel . " we see frady enter the lobby . . int . motel lobby ~- reception desk - night frady lean on counter as clerk check registration file . frady be in usual civvy , of course , but he be well know in this part . : . clerk 114 . nothing wrong , be there ? - prady . ~ not I know of . do you ? with frady . get quick headshake , he head away toward exit to room area . the super- cornball lobby depress he . clerk and _ rest of staff affect phony cowboy gear . frady pause a moment by souvenir stand , watch a young man buy a dreadful little lamp make of cactus with a plastic cowboy - hat shade . his eye ask how could anyone want such a thing . the Young man see frady and wink at he . . young man Light to make love by . bang bang . frady hurry on . he hear piano music . it come from entrance to bar . sign over archway naturally say : '' Black Bart 's saloon . '' for frady angle over and look in . there 's a surprisingly nice girl play piano , just finish a song . frady eye he watch . in the bar frady enter the dim - light place , go up to the fairly crowded mahogany counter . . bartender . | what 's yer poison , pard ? Spot o' redeye ? frady ( not amused ) '' Jack d.. Water on the side . cont . _ be . continued : . he peel off a buck and go to the piano . despite she cool greeting , the girl 's eye be glad to see he . * girl some nerve , ol ' .pig . . frady yuh , I know , I should have call , Claire -- I be busy -- out of town on something -- ( enough lie ) what you doin ' later ? claire support my local police ? frady nod , pleased . he go back toward bar . . ~ full screen - projected slide photo it pack a big wallop . it 's a grainy enlargement of a political assassination . it 's no particular event that we can identify in time or place but it have element of all of they . the victim be turn away so we cannot see he face , but a piece of he skull be obscurely detach and seem to be take wing . a flash of that , and a small o.s. click SOUND , and we get _ another slide . same event from a different angle , see perhaps three second later . the victim be fall now , though we still never see he face , and there be a fine spray that must be blood , and the people around be now perceive . mouth open in existential terror as in munch 's painting of a scream . just a plash of that one too , and the o.s. click and we get a third slide . this one will remain a while . it show same unspeakable event from yet another angle . a group of spectator watch from some distance . setting might be a public park . the feature of it be this : perhaps twenty spectator in the freeze shot , all but three of whom have have they face circle in black ink on the negative with various date inked alongside . date like 12/9/64 and 4/19 /65 and so on . the three people at extreme right hand edge of slide be not circle and date . this be one man by himself , and a blurry couple who seem to have be hold hand as the photographer catch they . no SOUND for a bit , just o.s. breathing , and then : : - . 's cont . continued " 1sa . hildy voice I guess you see this when it come out in the magazine . who do not ? prady' voice hildy walk up into shot in front of projection and indicate the blurry uncircled couple at right edge . hildy you realize this be we . int . hildy motel room - night show this curious photo be project on a wall from . a little home - slide gizmo . the room be pretty well dark , wae cont . 16 . continued ps drape over patio door pull shut . frady walk up and inspect the photo closer . his voice be totally neutral . could tell it be 25 you , maybe '' but the guy 's too urre , would not know he . do not think anyone would . hildy frady . prady . okay . it 's we . . hildy tucker send I this a couple of week ago . he 's a magazine writer . he be plan one of that where be they now thing . so he do some research and he find -- _ what do you think the date be ? : frady - . - . I do not want to think . 7 . ( as she just wait and look at he ) obituary ? hildy oo on the nose . frady . all of they ? of hildy 's . right again , frady . frady impossible . how ? € : hildy accident . frady 's ( break record ) . all of they ? : hildy every one . Maine to California . tucker dig in and find every one be list a close - case accident . here 's a copy of he note . cont . ay 17 . continued . hildy pick up a sheaf of typewritten xerox copy from bureau top . she hand they to he . he take they like they be red hot . he frown , read the head of top sheet aloud : frady '' Arthur faversham . drown while fishing . salmontail River , Idaho . " hildy : that be the last one . now there 's just tucker and we . how 's it feel ? frady what feel ? hildy be on the wrong side of the fence . have someone after you . angle on frady he do not reply , stare at the sheet . hildy come over to he . yo , hildy - go to Idaho . it be not so long ago . see what you can find . frady . another state . not my turf . : hildy go anyway . what 's to lose ? it beat be a sit duck . . fprady rub back of he neck . he toss note down on bed and flick off the slide projector and cross to turn up air conditioner . | prady . make I hot . Dumb coincidence always make I hot . hildy coincidence , huh ? frady oh coma on . you know it . ° ' 18 . hildy _ she march over and turn the projector on again as frady turn in b.g. : bildy . look again . the date , Left to right . on the projection camera jump from circle - date to circle - date , stitching they leave to right . hold suddenly . . frady' voice sonofabitch . they be in order ! camera jump back and retrace pattern . we see now if we~ do not before : the date be indeed in exact calendar order . include frady and hildy hildy , right again , frady . seventeen people die in perfect order from leave to right -- one after the other , not one . out of order . you call that coincidence ? frady can find nothing to say . stare from projection to hildy and back again , sit on edge of bed . as hildy turn on room light and kill projector herself , phone ring . she pick it up quickly . - - hildy yes ? -- I see . thank you . ( hang up ) tucker be go to meet I here today . have not show up , and he 's not where he life either . frady sonofabitch . hildy . you say that before . now say it do not make sense , . ' fprady shit . we be just out for air . we do not even know the guy be come through . that conspiracy theory be crock of shit . but i ‘even if there be one , how could you and I be invely ? continued 1s . hildy we be on that damn grassy knoll . someone think we see something . frady but we do not . hildy of course -- but they do not know . so they be kill everyone , just to be sure . that 's what tucker and I decide . beat that idea with a better one . frady fry tucker as a psycho . . : rildy no he be not . , frady try he . he 's get this old slide ' and some ink and a case - of gallop _ paranoia . the rest be in he head , hildy you have get he note . you be the detective -- check they out . ° frady sound more like a job for the FBI . hildy you darn fool -- tucker go to they already . '' ( bitterly ) and guess what . prady they want to fit hin a strait ~ jacket . hildy . .- exactly ! . frady okay . I be take the slide and . this note . I will get back to you after E look them over .' : he pick the stuff up and head for ' the door , fairly abruptly . . '' cont . 20 . continued hildy frady -- . ( when he turn ) I be sear . they could be.on my trail . lo prady - assume there be a '' they . '' hildy of course there be . and you should be scared too . because if they be after I , now I have lead they to you . frady : I doubt it . hildy how can you say that ? prady you go to the police . no one could guess you go to a policeman . I be a tree hide in the forest . she come closer to he , she eye begging . : - hildy I be still scared , frady . please . — I -- I do not feel much like be alone . frady take a nice hot bath and chain the door . not to worry . I will call you . he 's go before she can say 2 thing more . alone , she do look scared . she slip the door chain in its slot . int . claire' apartment - live room - night frady sit alone under a lamp . he wear short only , sip a drink as he brood over xerox note he take from hildy . low from radio come a farm and commodity report . it give the time as something after 3 a.m . frady put the note down suddenly , eye a telephone . . he change he mind . camera with he as he cross and look into bedroom . we glimpse Claire sprawle under sheet , sleep - ing contentedly . her dress . and thing be scattered on the floor . stealthy , frady go in to get he own clothes , which be laid out neat on a chair . 21 . cu - a silent portable radio it shimmer , and we realize it be underwater . the camera - pull up a bit . now we see that radio lie on bottom of _ a bathtub , with its cord plugge into a outlet beside washstand . hildy Miller lie in the tub too , face down , she hair float on the surface like a funeral wreath . some small SOUND o.s. and angle shift again . frady appear in bathroom doorway . night clerk be behind he , with a pass - key . the guy 's pasty face come unglue . night clerk Holy mother . int , state police hq - another office - day this one belong to capt . rintel . he read a report as frady sit study the rug . : : rintel you know she . she 's pass through and call you . why you look so guilty ? frady well , I -- I walk out on she about 9 p.m . if I would stay , it would not of happen . rintel sure . and if the moon be make . 's of green cheese . 7 ( scan report again ) it be a accident . everybody 's be question . you not hide any fact , be you ? a beat . frady shake he head and stand up . frady nothing definite . ( start out ) forget it , Captain . rintel not so fast . sgt. dreben tell I you say to hang a wiretap on carlton after the court deny a order . 's prady the bastard deal h . you know it and I know it . ask I , the judge be get he cut . . . cont . m a 22. continued rintel . my God , Lieutenant . I think you must be crack up . another beat . frady 's expression change . . . frady yuh . I do feel kind of bushed . how ' bout a few day leave to go fishing ? rintel ( instantly ) request grant . get lose . ext . mountain countryside - by a river - day : the river run through dark sweet . pine , join here by a smaller stream . the water have carve a shelf into rocky outrap , and under it be a wide black pool . camera find frady , in old clothes , lie at the end of that shelf and gaze down . swirl of water , a fish rise , and as it jump from the surface suddenly the screen flare almost white and over the residual image this word appear : '' nature be the proper teacher of man . in the life cycle of each seed and animal be prine lesson in authority , courage & discipline . -- cee -- the handbook , Bureau of Social structure . " word fade out as key return to normal . the fish be vanish . frady work himself back from the ledge . ext . road nearby - day prady , in jacket and wader , stand at open trunk of car park on shoulder , set up he fly rod . it be not the police sedan he drive before . frady look down at a map lie open in the trunk . we see it over he shoulder . highly detailed local job , with legend print at top : '' idaho . NORTH fork salmontail . sheet 4 . " we may recog - nize the confluence of river and side stream just see . below it , a arrow have be mark in ink . frady shut the trunk lid , walk toward the river with rod and creel . ext . river - frady fishing - series of shot he work he way expertly downstream along a gravelly bar . shadows grow longer : it become sunset . frady be touch cont . to oo qo 23. continued up he dry fly , smoothing wing , when he seem to sense something . he turn he head slowly . pan to stand of pine behind he . move in closer on it . motionless figure of a man there , watch from just inside the tree . the set sun at he back render the figure a anonymous silhouette . . on frady : prady howdy ! you lookin ' to see my license ? into pine no answer . figure be so still we begin to doubt it , but . then it move and melt away into the tree . ~ -frady continue peer a bit , then turn back to river . ext . roadside motel - evening rundown old place . weatherbeaten cabin beside a frame - house that serve as office too . sign welcome hunter and fisherman , but no sign of anyone stay here , just the owner 's pickup park by the house . frady drive in and get out of car , still wear he fishing jacket . int . motel office - evening it 's just a desk area in front hall . frady finish fill - ing out registration card as motel owner watch he . he be henry pelikas . seem a friendly soul , glad to have someone to chat with in this obviously fail place . prady hand he registration card . pelikas neye it ) John harmon . once know a fella name harmon . i frady that 's interesting . anywhere nearby to eat ? . . . > . ' cont . of o y 24 . continued pelikas - greasy spoon about half a mile . or I could give you a bowl of lamb stew here if you wanta take a chance . would not mind havin ' company , to be frank . . frady thanks . I neither . it 's seven buck , right ? pelikas right . pick a key . frady peel off money , turn to board where key hang . frady : ( pick it ) . ~ lucky seven . : pelikas well , maybe . or maybe not so . ( as frady look a , question ) . . . nothin ' . skip it . I guess you - want to wash up ; I will get go . dn the kitchen ... oo int . frady' cabin - bathroom - evening frady stand at the mirror beside tin shower stall , a towel . around he middle , give himself a go-over with a electric razor . propped on little shelf in front of he be one of that xerox sheet from hildy 's legacy . it 's the same one he look at in she room . as frady study it again , we can read the head type in cap . '' arthur faversham . drowned while fishing . salmontail river , idaho . '' int . pelikas kitchen - night Nice and cozy . frady and pelikas sit at the table , with bowl of stew and mug of coffee . pelikas can talk with he mouth full or empty . se : pelikas fishing 's hold up better , than the hunt . nowadays , you let go a round in November , you be like to put a hole in a eight - thousand - dollar camper with four bed and a color tv . and if you do find a bear , he would sit up and beg for peanut butter and jelly . but the fishing 's okay . cont ©) o € 25 . continued : frady I be glad . I always hear so much about this river from my friend Art faversham . pelikas react , stare at prady . pelikas oh Jesus . that 's what I mean about lucky seven , maybe . he be stay here . in the very same cabin you be in , didja know that ? cu = frady he look suitably startle , lower he fork . angle loosen . pelikas have reach for a canister label '' flour '' and be - move top , take out a bottle of brandy . pour a dollop > - into fprady 's coffee mug . pelikas o£ course I will move you now . frady . thanks .. it 's okay . I mean it be - a damn shame , but -- way I look at - it , least he go do something he like . beat old age and cancer . . pelixas . well , yeah . that be a way to look at it . , frady I always be curious , though . - Art be no greenhorn on river . pelixas Hell . Old day , there would be maybe one go a season , this stretch . you mean you do not know the setup ? ( as frady shake head ) . what happen be , there 's this big reservoir up in the notch , say here , for the power company -- closer on pelikas - move sugar bowl to demonstrate , arrange utensil as he go on : cont . continued 26 . pelikas _ . do not draw enough water out , it back up , so they open the sluice there and that overflow come down like a wall . you be stand let 's say here , where the side stream run through this here little gorge , there 's about a four - foot drop anyway , and you be catch there -- you be gonna drow , green horn or blue . frady be not there any warning system ? pelikas - oh sure . Big sign , and a siren and bell . and there 's this : ~ watchman , kind of , who hang along the xiver . that 's buster meyer . not that he 's-worth much on the job anymore . buy a new car , buy a four-hundred - dollar brown shotgun . Son of 2 bitch come into money some way . push in on frady . he freeze with coffee mug halfway to lip , narrow eye fairly theatrically . * prady ° do not tell I -- it happen just after my friend Art have he accident . include pelikas pelikas yep , it do . what you mean ? rarr frady Art do not hear the warning -- because someone screw them up . pelikas why ? frady Art be rich . his wife 's a sexpot twenty year young . then this so-called watchman come into heavy bread . cont . 27 . continued pelikas stare at frady , fascinate by this touch of melodrama . : '' pelikas you from the insurance company ? frady nope . just a friend . but I would not mind a talk with buster meyer . pelikas . he 's zat - ass mean , Mr. harmon . frady Jack , to you . pelikas ~ Henry . : " prady could you fix it for we to talk ? . . pelikas sure . . easy . i. could take you to the bowl tomorrow night . ( very worried ) but I mean he be mean , Jack . he figure you for any idea , you be take some chance . frady have finish eat . he stand up with a grin . frady I take one on you stew and it pay off , Henry . maybe I be on a streak . pelikas okay . I will fix it . frady thanks , Henry . but listen -- you breathe a word I be ask question , you will have a accident yourself . : pelikas Hell . . I be like a gravestone . a be ~ ey q 28. ext . river - day OPEN cu on one of that warning sign pelikas mention . camera pull to reveal the narrow gorge and four-foot Niagara describe last night . frady be on a big jutting slab at the side , above the little fall , casting down into turquoise pool below . he have just reele in when pelikas emerge from tree behind . he have a shotgun sling on he back and carry a paper~sack . . pelikas how 's the luck ? frady all with the fish . pelikas feel like eat , Jack , I brung you up some lunch . frady hey -- that 's very nice . closer on frady come in on the rock , catch the sack which pelikas toss to he . he pull out a sandwich . prady you give everyone this service , Henry , you will lose a -- sudden blast of siren from upstream . frady spin . its loudness be really startling in this narrow gorge . then a go start sounding , and they go together for a bit , and then both die away as startlingly as they begin . prady take a bite of he sandwich , stare . upstream toward source of sound , in some awe . camera in on he . prady my God . no one could miss that . pelikas you would think not . prady now I really want to talk with meyer . pelikas there be not any meyer , you ’know . very quiet , that last . offhand . but frady get it instantly . he 's aware of he own mouth open in mid-chew , the bite of liverwurst and bread lie against he lower tooth as he - head turn . @ 29 . including pelikas he have that shotgun unslung now . '' it 's a new brown . ~ frady choke , spit out he mouthful onto the rock . pelikas do not do anything , now . I do not want to shoot you now . : frady I be a police officer . Drop you weapon ! pelikas shit . you get about two minute . warning go once more , then the third time you be in the drink like you pal Art . Big casino . frady a ~~ you penny - ante cracsy . : - pelikas be call a lot worse for a lot - . less . . - . . frady . what would you do it for , two hundred cash ? | . pelikas . . fpifty-two-thousand five . plus I - oughta get a bonus for you . very simplicity of he tone say that pelikas be tell the truth . this be rather worse than frady think . he feel the blood drain from he face . . prady who from ? - ° peliras do not be a sap . frady who 's pay you ? , pelikas aw come on . I tell you . I 'ma gravestone , fury of siren and go echoe briefly through gorge again , die away . cont . oy a 30 . continued ; pelikas next one 's wet , Jack . prady shake he head , change he tack . yx frad it 's a bad joke . you would not believe I if I tell you . pelikas what ? - G . frady . . I like you so much last night . Way you share with I . I be try to think : of something I . could do for you , Henry . ~ pelikas just shut up , that will do for I . till I get my bonus . . frady : bonus . shit ! tiil they put a slug in the back of you head ! pelikas no sir , Jack . parallax folk would never -- cU = frady woe , eat ete as pelikas bite that off . frady * who? parallax ? who would never what ?? . on pelixas : he 's a gravestone . he glance at he watch quickly , then up the river . take a step forward , the shotgun levele . on frady the pass second be drown he . ' with a easy little movement , he reach to touch the fly reele up against tip ferrule of he rod . . : pelikas do not do that !: I want that fly tie on there ! cont . ( 2 31 . continued prady I be mean to be fishing , Henry , there should be more line out . goof like that take a fella to the gas chamber . shot - frady and pelikas pelikas hesitates a instant , then nod . pelikas okay . Little more line out . frady draw out line , lazily , and then suddenly it 's like with the rookie trooper as he backhand - slashes rod over pelikas 's eye and dive at he ankle . Big boom ! of shotgun as pelikas go down , and now siren and go start again , and second barrel go boom ! and from upstream a SOUND like surf . they grapple grunt , frady 's finger still dig into ankle , and then frady be up on knee , yanking up as if at a lever . pelikas and the river , the man be poise a beat , limn against frothy wali of water rush down , crest boil with small rock and brush . then with a scream , still clutching gun , he flip into the wave . - head bob up , get smashed hideously into rock . one foot in air , tumble , and pelikas have vanish . on frady watch the wild riverrun , its crest go down the gorge . frady rise from hand and knee . he kick the bag and remain of sandwich into the drink , pick up rod and creel , and walk away from the scene . int . pelikas house - day prady 's over the desk in front hall . he pull out all the drawer and give they a quick search ... he find nothing of special interest . he turn and go upstairs . int . upstair bedroom - day frady stand a moment , get the room 's vibe . he 's a pro at this . he go to bureau , pull out the right top drawer , push aside sock and stuff . there 's a cheap revolver under they . this Saturday night special neither surprise nor interest frady . he leave it as it be , cross and throw mattress off the bed . nothing under it . the vibe draw he to a closet . he reach up onto top shelf . behind a fur hat there 's a fishing BOX , like you keep fly cont . on 32 . continued and thing in . he take it down . the box be lock . frady seem pleased that it be lock . he leave the bedroom with to int . garage shed - day frady get the box open with a wreck bar from rack on wall . top layer have little compartment fill with fly and sinker , etc . he swing that up on its metal arm . underneath be a helluva lot of U.S. currency . frady shut box again , take it into house through the connect door . int . pelikas kitchen - day Three stack of bill on table : $ 20 , $ 5as and $ 100s . prady have jotted amount in each denomination on a pad . move in over shoulder as he do bit more arithmetic : _ $ 52,500 - 29,820 $ 22,680 ~ a beat , and then the pencil add " 2777 . " '' back to frady he frown . assume pelikas tell truth about what he be pay , and there 's no reason to doubt it , almost half the sum be not account for . frady return to beat - up fishing box . bottom part be empty all right : no savings account passbook or bond or anything . he 's leave the box again when something catch at he eye . he reach under a mess of lead sinker in top part , come up with a fold bit of newsprint . he unfold it and stare at it and he eye narrow . cu = the newsprint it 's a medium - size box advertisement clipped from some news= paper . we have all see one just like it . Big bold head say : " high - pay job overseas ! " ' then there 's bit of print , and another bold line : '' you might qualify ! " a bit more print , and then the bottom line that jump out at you too : " apply in person dec . 18 -- suite 327 , HOTEL edison -- salt lake ciity .* angle up at frady reading it and reread ' it , fascinate , as there be a SOUND 0.8 . a car come in and stop . so great be prady 's interest in this ad that he do not react until there 's another SOUND : the definite slam of a car door . he whirl around and go to front kitchen window . iy ry ~~ 33. ext . pelikas motel - day a woman and a boy have get out of they car . the Boy be around 12 . she 's maybe 34 , as attractive as anyone would want , in a great tough - slender way that suggest she use to be a model . the kid tote small suitcase and a canvas fishing - rod holder , and both of they appear just a bit travel - wear . camera track in front of they as they walk up into the house and stop short just over the threshold . the woman hello . int . pelikas pront hall - including frady frady sorry , folk . close down for remodeling . ~ they stare at he . frady pick up a Auto Club Motel guide from desk . : frady : , why not I call and get you in someplace ? ' the woman ° ( call loud ) Henry -- 7 ? : the boy ( to prady ) what you do with he ? - cu - prady : he 's as silent as the house . he look like a idiot . angle loosen as the woman turn back to he . her eye be very wary and deep . the woman * I be marian Gay . this be my son Todd . we be stay here . who in hell be you ? prady I just get here , mar 'am . door be open and I do not see anyone so -~ . '' . . frady trail off . marian have coolly pluck he card from slot , be look at it . cont . 34 . continued marian John harmon . cabin 7 . odd you check in last night , then . todd should not we call sheriff mape ? marian probably yes . ( gaze back on frady ) where 's Henry pelikas ? prady . who ? -- oh. I dunno . he say he be go fishing . marian go look for he , Todd . along the ~ river ? todd we oughta call the sheriff . marian just look for Mr. pelikas . and be careful . Todd give frady a hugely hostile look , but he go down the hall toward back of house . frady Truth be , I 'ma -- little crazy . '' . marian ( solemn deadpan ) but not dangerously . frady no , mar 'am , just from work too hard . Doc say I would be fine if I take a rest . I do not know what get into I . Todd suddenly turn in the b.g. todd ' _ hank go fishing , huh ? . prady that 's what he say . cont . y 35 . continued todd '' funny . because he rod 's here but he shotgun be not . cU - marian , stop breathe for a instant . just a instant . marian look for he , dear . along the river and be very careful . cu - todd he 's go to say something more , but change mind . glare at frady again and exit by door at end of hall . . : marian and frady : > - frady I hope nothing 's wrong . seem such a nice fella . cook I up a great breakfast . she do not make any comment . she study he with a sort of calculation , then turn . camera track with her as she walk through the dining room and into the kitchen . her eye start sweeping , then they freeze . ber p.o.v . - zoom in on that fishing box . it lie on its side on the table , open and bashed and empty . fly and lead sinker be scattered around , but frady must have have time to stuff the money out of sight somewhere . . back to marian she go and look . into the garbage pail . she return to the table . the note-pad lie there , with frady 's arithmetic still on the top sheet . she pick it up and look at it , drop it again and turn . another angle - include frady he have stroll into kitchen after she sometime , stand with he head dumbly cocked . . . marian you have be work too hard . cont . 36 . continued frady ~ well . that 's what the doc say . " martian do not tell I -- " ( no tone ) ~~ , at a overseas job ? cu = frady he 's good . he will not help you with big reaction . he only look more puzzle . frady : why would you think that ? a SOUND be hear o.s . it 's a car crunching in . the camera pull fast . we get a glimpse out the window as marian hur - ry across to look . a official county sheriff' car be stop outside in parking lot . ext . pront of motel - day a , seeriff mape and young deputy get out . deputy wait as mape start for the house . marian emerge abruptly and meet he before he can get halfway to front door . from kitchen window - frady' p.o.v. no SOUND through ' close window , but it 's pretty plain what 's go on . sheriff put a steadying hand on marian 's arm , tell she something . it seem to give she a fair wallop . she step back with big shocked eye and ask a couple of one - word question . : . with frady he walk back into the front hall . Outer door be open . through the screen , frady watch and hear this : marian ' wait for I while I find Todd . we will follow you . mape you sure ? Pete here could stay with the kid while we -- River . beat he up bad , Mrs. Gay . wo not be fur . - . soa marian wait for we . cont . 37 . continued mape ~ ( indicate frady 's car ) who belong to that one ? - marian name 's harmon . just arrive . mape how '' just " ? marian ten minute maybe ? Henry be not . around so I check he in . why ? what be you think ? . mape ( relieved ) . ~ you answer it . mape stroll back toward car as marian re-enter the house . closer angle - in front hall , marian shut the door . ton be low and hard : : marian I have to identify a body . if you be not here when I get back , you will have make a big mistake . frady nod . marian hurry down center hall and out the back . frady turn to the registration - card rack . he take out he own , which bear the name harmon . he think a moment , drop it back where it be . then he go out the front door . ext . front of motel sheriff mape and deputy lounge against they car , roll cigarettes . frady come up in a worried way . > frady : howdy . be a accident , huh ? mape sure have . reckon you will have to find someplace else to bunk . frady whoo . that 's awful , but the nice lady who check I in -- will not - she be run the joint ? cont . I 38 . continued mape uh-uh . just a friend . and sure have bum luck , come to think of it . what be the fella 's name , Pete ? deputy faversham . : ~ : mape right . Arthur faversham . ( to prady again ) she 's a grass widow . come up here originally to visit that poor fish when he be stay here . would you believe he get himself drown too frady ~ whooo . that be bum luck . ( then solemnly ) thanks for the tip . I will watch myself . . mape watch yourself how ? prady wo not get eye for the nice lady . that thing come in three . prady walk away toward cabin as the deputy mutter . deputy power company and they lousy dam . oughta write to Washington -- Ralph nader or someone . int . frady' cabin - late day frady rock in a old chair , eyeing that " overseas Jobs '' ad . he must have memorize it fifty time by now . he react to SOUND of a car o.s . he get up and look out through screen door . ext , front of motel - late day marian 's car stop near camera . she and todd. get out . her eye flick briefly and note frady 's car park as it be before , against the low-re sun . she start for the house , but Todd sullenly hold back . cont . '' «© & ) '' 39 . continued todd I do not see why we have to stay here any more . . . marian we will not for long , Todd . come on , I will give you a pill . you can sleep . todd you lie to sheriff mape . marian . darling -- please -- believe I , I be do what I have to -- for both of we -- come on ! her nerve be all shot . they go into the house and the door close hard . back to frady . he watch they disappear , from this distance , it 's not likely he hear they dialog , he go into the bathroom and we hear shower be turn on . he come out again . in a crummy old place like this , it must take ten minute to get the hot water up . he go to he suitcase and select a fresh shirt . - int . pelikas house - live room - twilight prady be by himself , shower and change . he find a dictionary in a bookcase . he put it on a table and turn on a light , and stand leaf through it . he hear feet on the stair . he continue look through the dictionary . another angle marian come in from the hall . she have a darkish drink in she hand . she 's shower and change too , into some soft pretty outfit . . frady : well . I stay like you say . marian . yes. prady just look up a word . fora crossword I be do to pass the time ... cont . 40 . be , continued . marian I might know it . ' try I . frady '' parallax . '' of . . oe marian noun . the apparent displacement of a object or angle as see from two different point -- or by two different observer . : frady leok from the book to she and back again and pop he cheek . frady I will be damn . that 's word for G word . you have get it perfect -- ~ only what 's it mean ? marian _ ( very level ) . think of a event . any. event . q frady yuh . - marian . from one angle it look one way . c Change you point of view and you see something entirely different . clear enough for you ? : prady os I need a example . & ~ marian oh hell -- I be so damn tired of talk . be you a drink man ? 2 frady * be know to . . marian let 's shut up and get drunk . : it take frady a moment to catch up with change of mood . — _ then he nod . smile sort of boyishly . . - 's prady suit I . @ G 4l . int . frady' cabin - dawn tight on frady' face as he sleep in pale grey light . he look bleary and snore a little . from outside we hear a cock crow . frady reflexly lick dry lip with dry tongue , stir as if to turn head on pillow . but something seem to restrain the motion . his eye open vaguely . suddenly they be wide and not vague at all . camera drop down a bit . there 's a big pair of scissor hold partly open at he throat , the point precisely at both side of he Adam 's apple . marian ( vo ) now do not you move . do not you move at all ! : : wider shot marian be crouch over he on bed , wear a wisp of ~ nightie , hold the scissors . her eye be vulpine , she lip draw back over tooth . ° marian God but you man be easy to get -- so easy it 's pathetic -- do you know why you be go to die ? - prady hey , for chrissake -- huge cu - scissor at throat . they press . droplet of epidermal blood appear . marian and frady she bend closer . the shine in she eye say that she be seriously off she rocker . . marian you dumb clumsy bastard . we be next , be not we ? my son and i! Henry get Arthur and they send you to get he and now someone get we -- right ?? fprady no ! you have get it all -- ! press point cut off ' frady 's gasp again . he can only . stare up in horror and feel eternity against he windpipe . cont . q 42 . continued . marian you be go to die now . badly . messily . it might save my son . there 's just a chance you bastard will decide murdering he be more dangerous than it 's worth . ( soft and crazy and clear ) you be die as a message to the rest of they . prady Jesus -— marian die now -- and take some time do it ! cut - marian and the scissor she lean against he throat . her hand tremble . we feel she be push the steel with all she force , but some obscure counterforce be obstruct she . trémble get worse . she pespise she own weakness so much that tear suddenly fill er eye . : : marian bastard !! low angle - up at marian she lift scissors , stab they down flash past the camera . again and again , fiercely , and then we see some little bit ef goose - down fluff fly up . another angle it 's only the pillow she have murder . choke , marian throw herself down on the foot of the bed . frady get up . he detach the scissors from she hand . there 's a nearly empty bottle of scotch on the dresser . he take a snort , then pour a slug into a tumbler . he put it in marian 's hand : she do not seem aware much of anything . frady react to a abrupt SOUND outside : it might be a couple of pile crate fall over . he cross quickly , peer out the small curtain window . . what he sees . * there 's a heavy ground fog . Young Todd , in pajamas , vanish into it , run like hell in direction of hcuse in b.g. somewhere the cock crow again . cu - marian 43. back to frady this be not he problem just now . he leave the window . marian 's robe be on the floor . he pick it up , toss it over she . he take another snort of scotch and then turn with a seriously pensive expression . prady I do not blame you really . ( no response ) the blackmail , I mean . he kill you guy . I guess you hit he for about twenty grand . ( that sit she up , gape and white ) not to worry . I be off my turf . marian ls - you be -- w- who be you ? prady you would be*surprise . have a drink and tell I if I go off -base . it happen after pelikas take a trip to Salt Lake City . she do not say anything . do not have to . her wide amaze eye say it for she . her and frady - : -- frady you guess somehow . maybe you sit up - uh - drink with hin . Point be - why do you think he kill you boyfriend ? marian Christ , I do not know -- I do not know . frady what 's parallax ? - marian ' I do not know . it be just a word he say -- they would get I or something -- I do not know . prady glance away a moment , then - wing it at she : cont . 7 . 44 , Mo continued . frady lying bitch . the assassination ! marian - 2222 ? bewilderment seem total . frady busy it . fprady okay . but you be still in hot '' water . marian what do you mean ? . prady ~ 7 less you know , better you be . . : they ' 11 hear about this . they will come around . they will add two and two and it cotild come out you . ~~ marian what be you talk about ? + + prady do not ask . just get out of this place . you and you kid . how . soon can you get out ? . a - - marian here ! S a i-i-inquest on Henry , . s-s- sheriff say I would have to - 's prady : ~ yuh , better wait for that . it be fun drink with you . goodbye. _ ( as she do not move ) I pay ’for this cabin . get out . = she 's go to say something , but he eye freeze it off . - she leave the cabin . with frady ° he throw she slipper and the big scissors out after she . a marian stop suddenly , turn back in the fog . , marian v the rest of the money . cont . oo 45 . continued prady ~ blood money . do not touch it . marian he kill Arthur . I be go to marry Arthur . I need it -- I have a right ! : frady you be cuckoo . ( but what the hell ) it 's hide in the house -- happy hunt . cock crow a third time . marian vanish wraithlike . ext . great salt lake - day : : 7 ~ frady drive past the barren expanse . sign indicate the mileage ahead to Salt Lake City . . - ext ./ int . federal build - salt lake CITY - day frady enter the lobby . he go to directory board and find number of FBI field Office upstairs . int . pbi field office - day prady 's in a cubicle with a youngish FBI agent . the latter be in no danger of win a transfer to paducah because of unkempt hair or slovenly dress . frady have show he badge : we see the leather folder open on desk . fprady parallax Corporation . they take a suite for that day only at the Edison downtown . I have be to it . paid cash in advance . gave no reference , leave no address . FBI agent * parallax Corporation . hmmmn . . frady be to the library too . no line in moody 's or any other directory . . FBI agent what 's . your. interest in thdm ? ' frady considerable . cont . > continued 7 of ~ oo q 46 . FBI agent _ they charge with anything ? frady can not find someone , it 's hard to lay a charge . pbi agent what 's federal about it ? frady that 's a long crazy story . take I to you leader and I might tell he . FBI agent he 's not available . ~ frady I will wait . . : pbi agent not much point , really . ( fiddle with prady 's badge ) you say this inquiry be not 100s official , right ? frady . : - not a hundred . as you see , I be off my turf . FBI agent yuh . you be , kind of . ( put down badge ) but be of good cheer -- I will do you a favor . I will open a case pile right now , note you and you inquiry . that will go on to Washington as raw material for processing and evaluation . ( go to cabinet ) meantime , here be some form . get the green fill in by you immediate superior , blue by the state director . six copy of each , have the top pair endorse and approve by a interdepart - mental ' liaison Officer , next pair by we own Chief field agent in you sector , of course you will ( more ) cont . oo oo oo 47 . continued FBI agent ( cont ) append support evidence and statement - by informant and -- ( see frady on he foot ) what 's you problem ? frady none . do I no favor and we will call it even . frady stuff he buzzer back in he hip pocket and start out . he have to step back . be herde down the hall just outside be half a dozen young yippie type , they abominable hair and dress in a piquant contrast to the agent escort they . frady 's FBI agent make a face . FBI agent oh boy . what this country need be a good five - cent soap bar , eh ? prady make a face of he own , and leave . ext . state police hq - day the place we know : frady 's home base . frady come up the - walk to the entrance . he meet capt . rintels just come eut . rintels stop , rather surprised . . rintel fishing no good , huh ? . frady too good . wore I out . . rintel you report back already ? frady no , sir . just touch base for something I forget . rintel if it 's another illegal wiretap -- prady no , sir . I just remember , I would promise corporal harmon leave and I forget to make out papers . rintel you be a good man , frady . cont . 9g on 48 , continued . prady I dunno . we will see . rintels go on he way and frady enter the building . int . frady' office - day he 's there with young corporal harmon . frady have make some surprise on this front too . cpl . harmon well , sure -- I would love some leave . but I do not know I have any come , . sir. fprady . there 's a catch . a hook in it . o. cpl . harmon I will bite . : frady you have a apartment on eighth . while you be go , harmon , I will be stay init . . ( a beat ) do not ask I why . but I promise , there will not be any bobby pin leave around . : barmon get it . a girl . he permit himself just a bit of a grin . . ~ cpl . harmon when do I take off ? prady now . turn over the key . ext . CITY STREET - day it could be Denver . frady come down the sidewalk and go into a seedy office building . camera move up and in on a second - floor window . there be gilt letter on it , say : '' D. karp -- private investigation . " a int . karp office - day frady lounge in a chair with a kind of dumbish hangdog look , watch karp examine a sheet of . paper which he have give . > cont . q 49 . continued he . karp fit he ratty surroundings . we get a glimpse of the paper : clipped to it be that old advertisement for '' overseas Jobs , " beside a list of some dozen - and - a-half U.S. city and date . karp now lemme dig this . you want newspaper check around this date about twenny place all over the country . to see if they run ad similar to this , right ? ( as prady nod ) that 's a big deal , mac . frady . I figure there would be op you would . . get in touch with . : ~ . karp sure. could do . but hell , some of this date run back like ten year . it would cost you plenty . prady less and you think , maybe . . ) karp oh yeah ? how much you plan to spring for ? . eo - - prady I dunno . maybe a buck ? karp ( real indignation ) there 's a penny arcade in the bus depot . take you buck , mac , and have a party . frady rise and haul eut he badge case . flip it . frady I have be study you record , karp . I could reel up you license eleventy - seven way . karp emmmn . you say a buck ? frady I forget the freeze . four bit . i . : cont. 50 . continued karp sound fair . ~ frady do not blow it all in one penny arcade . fprady drop two quarter on the desk and go . cu - a desk pad a hand doodle on it . on a draw tombstone be write the name '' david harmon . '' around it , the hand draw a fanciful profusion of funeral wreath and angel with harp . camera move up a bit to show we a lamp on the desk . we have see one just like it before . it 's make of cactus with a plastic cowboy - hat shade . Band around the hat say : '' ok ~ corral motel . '' camera move up further . there 's a young man do this doodling as he sit listen attentively to he phone receiver . he 's the same Young man whom we see buy that lamp at the ok corral souvenir stand . during all this , we have hear a girl voice talk o.s . : girl voice right. Bureau of Social structure . -- uh-huh . -- two jar of paste , six , legal pad , one box of pencil , four 100 - watt bulb . -- get it over soon as you can , huh ? -- thanks . int . room - wider angle - day it 's in a quaint old Washington D.C. town house which have be convert into modest office . this use to be the dining room . we see the Young man and the girl who be put in that order over she phone , a few other worker putter at desk . it 's all extremely low pressure stuff . Young man smile into phone as person on other end apparently get to finish . young man beautiful ! willy will do . willy hang up , tear off sheet with the tombstone name . he head out with it , into the center hall . ay ys sl. int . upstair room =< day . Edward trumbull 's office . he 's bent over big antique table , dapper as ever , examine some document and photo arrange on surface . beside he - be a cheerless psychology Ph.D. name dr . malinowski . trumbull good . we will send this balloon up . . dr . malinowski in what manner ? trumbull we will drop the file in the man 's toilet of some perverse but expensive bar . one of J. Edgar 's minion will get it to he quick . trumbull ignore malinowski 's frown grunt , smile at the clever notion as he start gather the stuff into a file folder . knock on the door . willy come in and kick the door shut behind . he know that he 's carry a bombshell , so he play it very cool . : willy parallax time . push in on trumbull . he catch he breath . . trumbull : you do not mean it . : . wider angle -willy yes , sir . we have find the last witness from the picture . get a positive make on he from the pelikas joint . he drop the sheet on table . trumbull pick it up . trumbull harmon . willy Big joke . he 's a corporal in some State Police . . - ( raffish , grin ) . dove-wise , it ail tail . , 9 be ~ q '' 52 . ext . sidewalk - moving with frady = day frady tramp along among young people .. in he usual sport . shirt and slack , he do not look out of place . he reach a arched entrance in the ivied wall beside he . we see a handsome university campus within . Big sign threaten unauthorize person . frady nod nicely at the campus cop under the arch . . prady howdy . where will I find Professor Winston ? campus cop do not get i.d. , you do not . nota student , be you ? frady . outside agitator . ( wearily pull '' he badge ) off duty . ext . campus area - day , Professor Winston be play softball with the kid . he 's at the plate , in old Levis and a witty sweatshirt . he swing mightily , send up a tower infield pop . he 's trot it out to first when he see frady . he stop , look up . the ball be still in the air . . winston see I know that one would make rain . ~ prady put away you umbrella . let 's do some horse-trade . int . winston be study ~ day it 's a great leathery booky place . Winston be pour a couple of coke . winston pop fly . kid who catch that one drop six of ‘em yesterday . the story of my life . where 's you horse ? 's frady . jail . ' Black colt name of wilcox . cont . 4 ) ' 53. continued : winston he be arraign this morning , - be not he ? frady should of be but be not . it could bounce either way . . winston {hank you . what 's my horse ? frady Z need some help in Washington . cu - winston : he stop still . his face change . fhe lightness be all go from he manner . : to . winston ~ whatever it be , forget about it . . that 's all end . . . feature frady - he turn and look at block of framed photo on the wall . they all seem academic : take around school and college and such , no identifiable public face . oo . '' winston : ancient history . close book . be never write a memoir of that - time . I do not even keep one = inscribe picture . frady well then . let I providea picture . : frady haul a fold print from he hip pocket and hand it to Winston . . tight low angle - winston . stare down at it with a suddenly freeze face . frady I be that last blur at the right . I say last , because everyone else be dead . Little twitch at corner of Winston 's mouth . angle loosen as he jift he eye . his tore be terrifically control . * winston you be there . cont . oy ay oo gs ye s4 . continued frady . by pure bad luck . walk with a girl I would meet . winston fascinating . but be not it a bit late for this ? a new conspiracy theory ? frady look awkward . ' ie 's not a act . this bookish study be a foreign country to he . : prady late or not . this one 's past the theory stage . winston you want help in Washington . ~ prady do not want -- need . maybe one or two introduction . : winston '' have you take any step ? prady coe couple of stumble . to winston . such as . prady well . not sure . but I may be in line for get hire to kill myself . Zwippp . suddenly Winston have rip the picture and throw it in the fireplace and wheeled around . he 's ina xeally weird state of fury and contempt . : x winston you obscene garbage collector . cu - frady he blink just once . he 's never offended by word , but it annoys he that he do not see this come . : . : toy frady you do not believe I . 55 . winston and frady winston of course not ! frady you do not figure it 's possible . winston who say that ? certainly it 's possible ! anything 's possible in this madhouse country ! so what ? what in hell do you think I would do if I do believe you ? . frady I dunno . winston not one damn thing , Lieutenant . : ~ ~ prady we be talk - about a whole bunch of murder . winston the dead be dead . let the grass grow on the grave . you can not raise . the dead . that 's no job for garbage collector . frady 's at a real loss . his eye go to the frame photo again , around the room , try to find something to hang this onto . but there be not anything . frady look back at Winston . frady but -- Jesus -- you work with the guy . probably play with he , drunk with he . I think he be you friend . 7 winston yes ! he be ! frady well , in that case -- winston for God 's sake -- do not you see anything ? , the day it happen , ty think it be the end of the _ ( more ) cont . ie ) qo 9 a _ 56 . continued . winston ( cont . ) world , cataclysm , apocalypse , I think the heaven would open and I see the flight of angel . I do not eat , I do not sleep , the izmst for . revenge be a animal inside my gut . ( look away ) . the heaven stay shut . my thirst pass . nothing change . I 'ma burnt - out case . I will not be catch in any ruin again -- do you see now ? on frady he nod . he look out the window . he look somberly at kide pass by . Voice be low but really shook - up : ; prady - good to know we have people like '' you around here . tending grave and grass , mourn dead king up in tree house . Real inspiration for young mind . winston go to hell . . , frady '' vost yuh . : - prady nod and leave . int . karp office - day . ~ karp ( into phone ) I should get such mileage outa four bit . Heard back awready from norfolk , Tucson and n.y.c . it 's bingo bingo bingo . ext . CITY STREET - evening oldish area , with apartment above small store . a car park in front of a candy store . a man get out , carry a clipboard . he go into vestibule entry and check mailbox . find the one he want . Card say : " harmon 2 - b . " he push button and wait for the door opener to buzz back . int . harmon' apartment - evening / one-room bachelor with cut-rate playboy decor . we find '' o ~ 57 . continued . . Claire by herself , get ice out of the little fridge . - she go right to door when the bell ring . man with . clipboard flash a plastic 1i.d . the man my name 's gould , mar 'am . U.S. Census , random spot follow - up . be Mr. harmon in ? claire roamin ' in a camper . off on ten -day vacation . . ° gould ( note it on board ) vacation . you would not be Mrs. harmon by any chance ? claire just a friend , hon . bunk here while he 's go . gould , I see . thank you very much for you cooperation . Claire smile and close door . angle shift . fprady come from the bathroom where he be listen , fast and quiet . he go straight to the back window and lift it . ext . back of build '' frady slip out onto fire escape and descend to the ground . he sprint through alley to street in front . on the sidewalk - frady a he stand lighting a cigarette , so lazy you would never think he would run anywhere in he life . gould come from the building and head for he car . frady flick away he match , saunter across street toward he own wheel park in front of a hydrant . : ext./ int . frady' car prady get in and turn the key . there 's a whirring and then a clunk and nothing more . frady be really stunne . he try again . not even a whirr this time . gould have get he own car go and be drive away . frady jump out and run across into the candy store . & '' of ' guy behind . - 58. int . state police hq - communications room low jargon of radio talk and clack teletype . we find a trooper at keyboard , with mike / earphone headset . : trooper Blue chevy . fcx 814 . hold two second . . he punch license number on keyboard . this be one of that great central computer rig and it really do only take two second before machine start printing back a answer . into mike dangle at he lip : : . trooper hot , all right . spot where ? int . candy store - evening fprady 's in the phone booth , hold receiver . : ~ to '' frady eighth and coronado go west . but do not worry -- it will be dumped inside two minute . he hang up bitterly and wait to see if phone will return he dime , but it do not . he leave the booth and start out of the store . thwunk ! a wire bale of newspaper be throw from a truck onto sidewalk in front of he . he heft it up , carry it back and throw it down on counter in front of old ~ frady gimme you snipper , pop . int . harmon' apartment Claire 's by front window , mixing a stiff drink . she hear key in lock . she 's a good girl . - she 's over hold a drink for frady by the time he come in with a newspaper . you can imagine he mood . he take the drink without the slight thankyou . : . claire you be welcome . prady a dead battery . sonofabitch -- who would believe it ? cont . 59 . continued claire - I would bélieve anything . I mean see as how you have explain I - zilch about all of this -- fprady you be lucky . do not ask . on frady he have the paper spread out on a table already and take a drink as he turn the page . suddenly frady go absolutely stock still . push up tight on he as he gaze down at the sheet below . since we know what he 's look for , it 's not necessary for we to see it . a soft whistle from Claire o.s . he do not hear . she repeat it . he turn he head . toward claire : ~* she 's drape herself around a pole lamp in a super - sexy slouch , she bra-less blouse slightly open and a cigarette dangle from lower lip . look terrific . claire take I to the casbah . ( as he just look ) I be you undercover girl , be not 1 ? . : prady yuk . oe claire let 's get under some cover . ext . denver - HOTEL wellington - day Big old commercial pile . frady get out of a taxi in front . he 's wear a jacket and tie . as he pay the driver and wait for change , the screen flare light as it have before and over image these word appear : '' ( the prime objective of any state be to insure its own continuance and the survival of its citizen in a just and orderly manner . but it be the state' right : to manage this by whatever means may offer the certainty . . -- the handbook . '' fy of ge 60 . int . HOTEL lobby - day it 's fairly seedy , haunt by the ghost of many dead drummer . frady enter via revolve door . his eye ' take in everything : pot plant and people loafing and all that . there seem nothing very remarkable . he cross to the desk . at the desk - closer frady produce a box advertisement tear from a paper . we glimpse it as he put it on the counter . the ad be identical in format to one find at pelikas 's place . Big top line say ~ ing " high - pay job overseas ! " and a middle line say " you might qualify ! " no need to read new bottom line , tell where and when to apply . frady howdy . look for suite 524 . desk man ( give he a card ) write you last name in the box . over frady' shoulder , it 's a ordinary computer card , blank except for a big pre- print magnetic number and little box in which to fill in the letter of you name . . number on this card happen to be 19 141 6 . frady take a pen from holder on counter and start printing he last name . prady any idea what kind of job be offer ? desk man nope . I just work here , friend . frady pretty funny . you would think they would give & hint anyway . . desk man work in this trap long 's I do , you would never think anything . ( when frady offer he finish card ) fake it with you . fifth floor . read this on the way . 's : pull print sheet from under desk , slap it down on top . monster red-print word jump from the top : " welcome , applicant ! read you instruction ! " i 61 . moving with frady he take the sheet and leave the desk . he read it as he walk toward the elevator . he get into one and go up to the fifth floor , during which we hear a voice over give the instruction from the shect , while frady 's read it himself . though we do not have to recognize it now , this _ voice be Dr. malinowski's . certain word be stress unnaturally heavily , as the cap indicate : voice over you be about to be tested for job suitability . the test begin the moment you enter the parallax suite . if you test be to have value , value , if it be to measure you capability , you must follow instruction as exactly , exactly , as possible . say nothing or do nothing that you be not direct : ~ to say or do . here be a example . you now hold a card . it bear you name and -a six digit numeral . when and if you be select to proceed from the introductory parallax suite to a individual test area , you must respond to that direction with the first initial of you last name plus the first five digit of the numeral which follow . if the . numeral after you name be print as , for example , 1 - 3 space 8 - 7 - 6 space 4 , you would respond with you initial plus 1- 3 - 8 - 7 - 6 . - note that in this context the print space would not be audibly vocalized . vocalization of the space would be a error . error cost point . error will cause many of you to fail . that who fail cannot be consider for a high - pay job overseas . to repeat , repeat , you must say nothing or do nothing that you be not direct to say or do . fhe parallax Corporation be a nationally recognize testing institute which conduct test for many gf America 's leading manufacturers and organization . to each of you -~ good luck . cont . ga a q 62. continued frady have finish read this . he be out of the elevator now on the fifth floor , go down a shabby hall , eyeing '' room number . he reach 524 . there 's a sign hang on it . " the parallax corporation . knock twice & enter . '' frady look again at the instruction sheet . he fold it and put it away in a pocket and knock twice and go in . int . suite anteroom - on frady he stop short , just inside . angle to he p.o.v . on a bench in this small bare space sit a woman quietly sobbing . around one sleeve forearm she tightly grip a handkerchief . it 's sopping red and blood be drip from underneath it . her eye be terrify and huge with appeal . frady he look up and around . gaze hold on something . ~ cu - what he sees somewhat hide in fake flower of a high-hung fixture be the eye of a little tv camera , aim down . back to scene frady understand . another double knock and the outer door open . another applicant enter , hold he card . - applicant Christ almighty ! prady say nothing and do nothing . he continue on through inner door . int . parallax suite - day maybe fifteen applicant hang around in odd silence . they vary from oilfield type to accountant to dowdy secretary . at the end be a bar and a load buffet , and a accordionist sit on a gilt chair play loud polkas . a hostess come up to frady . she have a plastic badge say " parallax Corp . '' with photo underneath , pin to she blouse . she smile nicely . : : '' hostess welcome . that be not a direction ; so frady do not respond . he look around for more tv eye . hostess be not offended . '' , cont . oy o a 63. continued hostess order a drink . make yourself a interesting sandwich . fprady head obediently for bar and buffet . at the bar behind it in a white jacket be young willy of the bss . willy Spot o' redeye , pard ? : . prady Jack D. and water . willy si , sefor . : ~ prady do a little take and glance at willy again . willy just use a line he must have pick up from the bartender in " Black Bart 's saloon " at the ok corral . frady brush willy for a moment in the lobby there . his memory be try to tell he something , but frady do not know what . int . HOTEL - another room it have the same awful wallpaper . there be a lot of wire lie around , run up and out through a side transom . they lead to a few close - circuit tv screen set up on the dresser . watch this be trumbull and Dr. malinowski . trumbull what 's you impression ? dr . malinowski a average group . trumbull let 's pray somewhat above . ( get just a grunt ) I mean we be look for someone the dispatch a policeman . it could be sticky . dr . malinowski I have plotted many policeman on my curve . I have never find they to be exceptional . cont . qo 64 . continued now move closer on one tv monitor . we be look down at frady , contemplate the buffet . ~ trumbull I rather like the way this fella walk . let 's follow he and see what he eat . int . HOTEL lobby roughneck applicant who enter anteroom just after frady be down at the front desk now , much agitate . applicant I tellya , there 's a dame bleedin’ up there ! where 's the house dick ? desk man pick up phone in a long suffer manner . x desk man ' Mr. Ellison ? Front , please . suddenly the agitate fellow see something o.s . it stagger he , angle shift . the woman from anteroom be emerge from elevator , unwrap a candy par . all sign of the clearly fake wound have disappear . applicant forget the house dick ! where 's the bar ?? frady - at buffet he 's make a sandwich . he put smoke salmon on a slab of rye , spread it with strawberry jam . then.he add mustard and peanut butter and dot the top with olive and whipped cream . . trumbull and malinowski they be watch same on monitor . trumbull be awed . trumbull what be the direction ? make a " interesting sandwich " ? dr . malinowski yes . . he do appear to have a certain ingenuity . foo trumbull damme if I do not like this one a whole lot . Cross you finger ! cont . a C 65 . continued trumbull quickly leave the monitor . find a wire and push a call - button at the end of it . on prady - at buffet : he bite he sandwich . behind he , from apparent nowhere , a cute little kitten suddenly hop onto the table . it say miaou . frady turn . he give it a scrap of smoke salmon . then willy move in , hold a vodka bottle by the neck . he wham it down , break the kitten 's back . he pick it up by the tail and club it savagely again and throw it into he barside slop pail . flash cut - the room plenty of people have see this . they face be just like yours would be . the accordionist keep on play . ~~ featuring willy he wipe he hand daintily with a rag . a little man who look like a ribbon clerk rush up , quivering . so. little man - you stinking bastard . willy cat carry germ . the Little man punch willy in the mouth . willy slug he back . . . cU = frady he take another bite of he sandwich . he do not say any - thing or do anything . trumbull and malinowski they be glue to the monitor . even the skeptical doc appear impressed . dr . malinowski certainly no bambi syndrome . trumbull " '' let 's get inside he head . malinowski nod . trumbull hurry to a telephone . & 66 . angle on frady he stand by the window , carefully look out . he take a small control sip of he drink . the hostess come up to hostess could I see you card , please ? that be a question , not a direction . frady do not move . hostess give I you card . ( he do , at once , and she look at print number ) follow I to a test room . . frady f19141 . . that 's the right answer . she start to move and frady follow . int . HOTEL corridor hostess lead frady to a room door a little way down from reception suite . she stick a key in the lock . hostess seat yourself at once . she open door . - he go in . she close door again . '' int . test room it 's light by a single dim bulb . Black cloth have be tack over the window . only furniture be a metal desk and chair in exact center . on it be a box with a row of button numbered 1 through 5 . also another metal box with a binecu - lar eyepiece in the front and a chin-rest below . set up behind the desk , face the chair , be a big translucent rear-projection view screen , set in what look like a monstrously enlarge tv console . frady seat himself at once . he be obviously be observe by a close - circuit eye somewhere , for he be no sooner sit down than the overhead bulb go out . fhe numbered button glow . a image appear on the screen . two huge clock face . one show the time of day . the other be a stopwatch affair with a sweep hand which make a full jerky revolution every five second . dr.. malinowski 's voice come from speaker : cont . ny ey 67 . continued voice time be of the essence ! you be be time ! the subject must be aware of time 's passage , but he may not see the clock ! clock image vanish but they loud ticking go on . . voice you must answer all question , you must , by press the button corresponding to you choice . you must allow nothing to distract yousee ( level fall ) . u.senoth must distract you ... now a multiple - choice question flash on the screen in huge letter : the soldier retreated like ... ( 1 ) dog ( 2 ) rabbit ( 3 ) rat - ( 4 ) moth ( 5 ) paggot |. it flash off as frady hit button two , be instantly replace by another . . yesterday be ... ( 1 ) beautiful ( 2 ) over @) cold ( 4 ) . Dead ( 5 ) tomorrow sudden startling sound come from hide speaker all around the room . the whine of a fall bomb , then a explosion that almost knock frady out of he skull , people shriek . they continue , worse than merely distracting , on different track : people argue , and spiro agnew deliver a speech , and fire engine siren and child cry and someone read - ing a sex manual , all mix up together as question follow each other on the screen : the queen rule ... ( 1 ) benevolently ( 2 ) qyranaieally ( 3 ) maybe ( 4 ) weakly ( 5 ) evilly honeybees never ... ( 1 ) fly ( 2 ) flew ( 3 ) answer ( 4 ) pragmentate ( 5 ) elucidate indecision lead to ... ' ( 1 ) happiness ( 2 ) Mary ( 3 ) God ( 4 ) walter f. Jones ( 5 ) sainthood 68. int . trumbull's HOTEL room Dr. malinowski be seat at a table , intently watch continue test result be print out by some kind of interesting gadget . he make quick calculation on a slide rule , jot figure down on chart spread out in front of he . trumbull hover around , nibble on a chocolate eclair , . he watch over the savant 's shoulder , cast a occasional eye on audio and videotape player whose reel be silently turn in the b.g . the door open . willy come in , in he bartender 's jacket . willy get a live one , huh ? . trumbull affirmative . willy Party 's grow a bit wet . . ~ trumbull : fold it up . give ‘em the usual trash to fill in and mail . willy cross to tv monitor . on one we see frady 's dim - light face , screw up in concentration as he eye screen and jab answer button . 's willy I be not thrilled with how this chap look at I . - . trumbull how do he look at you ? willy like he know I from somewhere . ( get no reply ) okay . I will go 86 the festivity . . ' trumbull double - check the caterer , willy . be damn sure they credit we for what 's leave . oh , and you might save I a few eclair ... they be not bad , for the province . back to test room frady 's batter by continue cacophony of sound , barely hold onto he wit as question flash on the screen : cont . 70 . through eyepiece - into BOX on table Velvet blackness , with a glow in the center . . . voice now adjust the focus . you must be able to see the tiny light far down in the distance . ( glow move into pinpoint focus ) do you see this tiny light ? angle on frady hunched at box , chin on the rest , eye at eyepiece , adjust focus . the Voice suddenly boom real big : voice answer ! 1 ~ frady yes. voice you must speak clearly .- all 's you answer will be heard and will be recorded . you should begin now to feel disorientation . do you - back hurt ? do it hurt ? frady hunch down somewhat , push he face forward harder against eyepiece . . frady no but I want to piss . sound of rush water at once grow very loud . . voice that be a characteristic , that forward motion of you face , of this part of you test . now ... into the BOX . voice ++eyou will watch that point of light until you see form , far away from you , a word . the word : . will be see as . part of two word until it become one word . that be a parallax effect ... . : : cont . q a a yo 71 . continued and we have see it . vibrantly ' color letter have appear at both lower corner : '' p- I - S " at one side , " o - o - N " at other . they rise as if over a elevation at a immense distance , then rush toward we to combine into a single huge word " poison " which then blow up almost instantly into sparky point of fire . . voice when you can read the word , you will give , announce , the word that you associate with it . you will announce one word only . the word '' poison '' be a practice . word . there will be no more practice word , only test word . there will be seven hundre of they . now begin ! montage of shot cus of frady 's face , and the letter form and racing up , and he eye as see from inside the box through the lense , all this come faster and faster as he give he answer : : frady ( to test word " red " ) blood -- ( to '' black " ) mail -- - ( to '' white " ) pus --- ( to '' knife " ) stab -- ~ ( to " gun " ) shoot -- ( to " murder " ) everyone -- ( to " sin " ) none -- ( to " drow " ) kitten -- int . trumbull's room malinowski mark point on a big sheet of graph paper . he appear troubled . quite othezwise be . trumbull , who wear earphone plugge into a run tape recorder . . trumbull fantastic . where have this man be all my life ? he 's a human snakepit ... 72 , frady and the BOX montage as before , frady bark answer as word race up and explode on he retinas . frady ( to " Jesus " ) jerk -- ( to " cross " ) double -- ( to " live " ) I -- : ( to " dead " ) you -- ( to " baby " ) abortion -- ( to '' rat " ) sweet -- . int . trumbull's room . . . ~ trumbull still wear earphone , listen with a even more beatific expression . malinowski have now join the point en he graph paper into a '' odd -look curve . he peer at it and seem more than troubled . trumbull I swear , he have no conscience at . all . he would rape a roomful of gold Star mother ... dr . malinowski Edward ! come here ! @ frady' test montage word now come so fast and explode so brightly that it 's almost unbearable . frady 's half crazy and shouting he ws answer : . frady '' ( to " Santa Claus " ) fakel . Z ( to " '' Hitler " ) Heil ! + ( to '' stalin " ) Love ! . . . ( to " '' justice " ) : '' - " grapl ( to " money " ) want -r want -~- wantii ! the word -stop . swirl biind spark recombine into - pinpoint spot of light . i av . & 73. angle on frady he pants and tremble , he face still press against binocular eyepiece . voice you eye remain at the viewer . you be in a fix syndrome . this be normal . now you will see picture . you must examine this picture and explain they in word , this be the final part of you test , explain in word the picture which you will see ..... in the viewer the point of light suffuse into a glow which become in turn a image full of violent color . shading and convolute shape , solarize , change constantly . they begin rather like the nastiest blot of Rorschach set , and proceed from there into hint of happening of mind - blow disgustingness and horror . - : frady' voice I see -- it 's a garden -- yes -- @ garden of flower -= beautiful - flower -- I think -- some little child play -- no -- now I so see they be angel -- cloud -- it could be heaven -- angel and thing -- loving -- int . trumbull's room tape machine run on in b.g. as malinowski indicate he graph . : . . dr . malinowski part one only , but notice the beta - k factor . already it show gross deviation . trumbull so he 's a glorious freak . dr . malinowski I reject this concept " freak . " trumbull oh comé on , would Jesus Christ have fitte you damn curve ? would landru ? . * cont . 74 . - continued ~ dr . malinowski . _ ( dead serious ) certainly . . I plotted they both , - " " " y many year ago . . cu - frady - at test BOX prady Indians -- buffalos -- squaw and kid and -- feast and -- eat each oth -~ no , it can not a be -- eat each oth -- ( fight nausea ) it 's the happy hunt ground that 's what it be the big happy hunt ground ]! ae suddenly frady gasp and go limp . the overhead bulb go on again as angle widen . voice : fhe test be complete . await : oa . you new instruction . - ' ~ , frady lurch up , knock the chair over . there 's a door at the side . it 's lock . he crash it open with he shoulder . it 's a bathroom . frady plunge in as camera - pan . willy enter from outside . he 's only surprised a a moment at not see frady , because then from bathroom < there 's SOUND like a brewery - horse pee . . willy we get a room for you . here 's '' the key . '' willy clank a key on the desk . he go to window and start rip down tack black cloth . he whistle over he shoulder . a couple of moving men enter . : willy aco everything go , boy . truck 's - down in back . chop -chop . close angle - tv monitor on it a overhead shot of frady , sprawle on a bed . pull '' back from the monitor . we be in trumbull 's rocm again . io it be night . tape. machine have stop and the other ~~ x . . tv monitor be blank . - willy be watch ' frady as trumbull - git finish a big meal . there be now a half dozen sheet of graph paper with curve laid out on the bed . Dr. malinowski be bent over they and smoking fiercely . cont . continued 75 . dr . malinowski I tell you -- this curve be not possible , trumbull so what do you suggest ? dr . malinowski I suggest nothing ! I only tell you fact ! trumbull there 's a phrase they use in the CIA -=- '' termination with extreme prejudice . " D ' you know it ? dr . malinowski . certainly . . ~ - trumbull you be in some danger of that -- why do not you take a nice walk ? dr . malinowski my test have never fail you , Edward . if you employ this man , : ' you be insane . malinowski walk out and slam the door as phone ring . willy answer it instantly . . ete . weeny : - oe . willy here . -- okay . - ( hang up ) that be gould . still no findee harmon . : trumbull Annoying . here we have a ideal hunter , but the pigeon 's fly . willy he will show up . trumbull I have a notion , willy . there be that divorcee stay at the pelikas place , remember ? 's willy Mrs. gay. marian Gay . cont . 76 . continued trumbull - I be reread the case file . - for some odd reason , we Mrs. Gay do not mention harmon at the sheriff 's inquest . maybe she 's in with he . could you find she ? : willy sure . we get everyone from the inquest tag . trumbull : do so , willy . in haste . find she and chat with she . run out . to the air base and hitch a ride . willy I be on my way . : trumbull willy ? - ( as he turn back ) I say chat with she . she 's not to suffer a accident . dig I ? willy nod and exit . trumbull stuff down he last morsel of apple pie . he rise and look at frady on the tv monitor . frady have not move . trumbull open a bureau drawer and get out a attaché case . int . HOTEL corridor - night trumbull come down it , with the case . he stop at a room door . listen a moment . then he get out a wey and slip it in the lock and open the door . into the room - trumbull be p.o.v. prady 's already on one elbow on the bed , look this way , he free hand slip under he pillow . trumbull - in the doorway he half lift he own hand ironically . trumbull . . do not shoot , Mr. frady . . I come in peace . I bear greeting from the parallax Corp . 's 77 . on frady he act like he 's be catch off base . he withdraw hand from under pillow , rise from the squeaky bed . frady '' what 's the score ? include trumbull enter and close door behind he . trumbull your be excellent . fprady I take you word . that be sure a crazy deal , man . - trumbull walk over and lift the pillow . under it , not at all to he surprise , be a pistol where frady 's hand just be . trumbull you fascinate I . I presume you have have extensive dealing with the law . * frady okay , ' pal -- forget about it . you want to hire Boy scout , should of say so in you ad . go stuff yourself . trumbull - do not be so touchy , Mr. frady . : sit down -- I offer you a job . frady look surprised . he lower himself into a ratty armchair . trumbull solemnly place the attaché case on frady 's knee and open lid . frady 's eye bug out . into the case it 's stuff with neatly bundle money . frady who print that ? trumbull US . mint. ' fifty thousand 's of they finest . it can be yours . 9 ) oy back to scene prady who do I kill ? , trumbull whom would you kill ? " sw frady I do not have a mother so who do I kill ? - : trumbull his name be harmon . frady : ' what 's he do to you ? trumbull - . he have do it to we all , Mr. frady . consider he a enemy of the people . frady look blank a moment , then he nod . frady . , okay . I do not get it but I will buy it . harmon 's dead . where and when and how ? trumbull ' we will work that out . frady 's eye go down to the case again . he reach to 78. touch the long lovely green , but trumbull snap the lid down and lift the thing away . " trumbull impetucus boy . not so fast . frady you neither . trumbull * I beg you pardon ? frady stand up . his eye have become icicle . frady harmon 's dead . no problem . but price have go up to a hundred . . '' . . ' trumbull oh my . we be greedy . 79 . frady - hundre . else I go to the fuzz and report this . trumbull report what ? I drop in to offer you employment as a bulldozer operator , and -- what on earth be you talk about ? you have no evidence . ( shaking head ) this be dreadfully unfair . you see , I know whom I address , but you of course do not . frady eat cowchip . do I blow whistle or do not I ? . a trumbull other have suffer from this delusion , Mr. frady . ever hear of Saint Elizabeth 's Hospital ? frady woot no . - trumbull : it 's near Washington . the sad case I speak of now reside there at public expense . they suite be padded . they defecate into rubber chamber pot , for they own protection . do you really think you word would be accept against mine ? suddenly he seem considerably thoughtful . trumbull and well you might frown , sir . I be Edward trumbull . I direct the United States Bureau of Social structure . look we up in the public library . a small bureau , perhaps , continued r~ re 3 ; cu - fprady feature trumbull 3 ro but respected . ( eurtly ) remain here . think . after a good night 's sleep , I might be induce to forget you nonsense . ) 80 . int . corridor trumbull come charge out and shut the door hard . he - look extremely pleased . frady - in he room to have maybe he act be not such a smash . he sink again into the ratty plush armchair . .- ext . CITY park - early morning mix from the last . it 's soon after dawn . frady sit again , this time by the base of a statue : Lewis and Clark , or the like . ' there be pigeon around , but no one else . frady take he badge out and look at , it . it do not give much comfort . he put it away again . he look at he watch . dredge a fistful of change from he pocket , frady rise and walk to a outdoor phone booth nearby . '' ~ int . professor winston' bedroom he 's sleep when phone ring . now screen split to include prady in phone booth , in narrow panel at one side . Winston grope for bedside phone , answer it . > winston - hello ? . prady Professor Winston ? winston yes -- who be this ? frady Lieutenant frady . listen , I have find out who dunnit . winston huh ? what ? frady that murder we discuss -- . winston oh for God 's sake -- prady : seem there 's a bureau of the U.S. government . it 's call " Social structure " -- that ring any bell ? cont . '' '' oo 81 . continued Winston hang up . wipe he panel . frady 's not too surprised . he pick another dime from change stack on ledge and dial " oo " , int . harmon' bedroom phone ringing here too now . Claire 's asleep , naked under a rumple sheet . she wake just enough to pick up receiver blearily . again screen split to include frady in the narrower panel at side . claire yuh ? . frady hi . it 's olt pig . me. claire ~ wha ? where be you ? frady ass deep in it . ( very seriously ) , you better get out of there . claire bed ? - frady no -- wake up , Claire -- out of -- harmon 's place . forget what I tell you , it 's too risky , clear out right away -- you hear I ?? a man with just a towel wrap around he middle come from the bathroom , drink alky -seltzer . it be not harmon , just some good - look type Claire pick up in the bar . the man who in hell you gab with this hour , sweetie ? frady have hear a man 's voice . frady clear out ! I be not kiddin ' ! frady 's turn to hang up hard . wipe claire' panel . he leave the booth , terribly depressed . sound of some helicopter clatter over the park , fast and low . frady give it a brief automatic glance , then walk on with he head low and he hand in he pocket . 82 . ext . airfield - early morning chopper with U.S. army marking have just touch down . rotor still turn as willy hop out and call inside to the pilot : willy thanks for the lift , amigo ! willy sprint for parking area in b.g. int . HOTEL wellington - dine room - morning a cavernous dreary place . trumbull be breakfast alone , with a newspaper fold open to stock market listing . he poke a fork sourly into a very overdo poach egg . he 's look around for a waitress when he see willy come in fast . willy make a beeline for trumbull 's table and sit right down . . . . trumbull o~ N : you manner be full of portent . _ willy we have be fool somewhat . trumbull after this petrify egg , I be prepare for anything . shoot I the bottom line . willy I chatted with the lady . one . thing lead to another , and we get look at some of the picture gould round up . for the harmon file ? trumbull willy . the bottom line ? ! 'o willy we have find harmon . only he 's | not harmon -- he 's a detective | lieutenant name frady . howzat do you ? . trumbull really be unflappable . he stare at willy a beat . then he cut he poach egg with a knife and put it in he mouth and chew it carefully , silently . va another table - same dine room . someone else breakfast here alone , hide behind a newspaper . trumbull walk up . cont , gy 's '' continued trumbull , . I will apologize to you later . newspaper be lower . it 's Dr. malinowski . he 's still stiff - neck from last night 's incident . dr . malinowski why ? . : trumbull later . just tell I , please -- say someone know the object of we test and try to cheat -- score high -- how effectively could he do so ? dr . malinowski it would greatly improve he score , . ~ of course . but it would not change the basic personality profile . why ? : . trumbull thank you . later . int . HOTEL lobby trumbull emerge from the dining room just as frady enter from the street . they see each other . they halt . trumbull walk across , as cheery as a birdie . 2 trumbull . a good morning to you . do you sleep well ? : frady lousy . too much think . : trumbull and ? frady ~ that test musta scramble my brain . I be out of line . I want the job -- you term , trumbull . . . I be delighted . . frady I get to know more , though . all kind of thing . ( cont . a oo oo 84 . continued trumbull ~ of course . lunch with I ? frady sure . trumbull _I be in a hurry now . I will call and let you know where and when , all right ? frady nod . he watch trumbull exit quickly through revolve door . then he drift over to the lobby stand '' '' _ and pick up a couple of candy bar for breakfast . ext . CITY STREET ~ day taxi pull up in front of a restaurant . the marquee say '* ba jardiniere . " frady hop out . he look up and down street both way , then go toward the door . int . restaurant - entering with frady we see it through he eye : almost total darkness at first , after bright sunlight . he grope in , bump against the shadowy figure of a woman just inside . : frady scuse I . . 0 woman mais certainement , m'sieu . she steady he with a hand , step back . the scene grow clearer as he eye accommodate . the place be dim and narrow , a typical french bistro joint . frady peer into the room ahead . '' : . . prady I think I be expect . my name 's prady . : woman . ah yes . you friend wait in the garden , Lieutenant . * frady take a step before it sock he . he stop dead still . push in tight on he . he can not have hear that right , but he know he do . - the woman evidently think the darkness here still bother he . . oe cont . of oo @ 85 . continued oe : woman can you see all right ? . frady yuh. Fine . . moving with frady - he p.o.v . as he come out of brief shock and walk down through the narrow room . his gaze jump along over the few couple who linger behind banquette . he register each face but resog - nize none . he continue on through door to garden at the _end . there 's a high -key dazzle before he eye re-accommodate to sunlight . ext . garden patio - day - it 's a pleasant place enclose by a brick wall . there be pot tree and shrubbery . ' trumbull be by himself at a table toward the far wall . ' he stand up with a drink in he hand , the picture of a charming host . trumbull , hello again . I do not imagine you be very hungry . ( as prady 's eye say nothing ) : how about a drink , then ? ( nothing ) you be annoyed with I . be it because I use you rank ? I be sorry about that . often it get one a better table . frady I be tired . I sleep awful . can we cut the crap ? . trumbull imagine -- get a assignment to eliminate yourself ! reckless devil , be not you ? frady do not bother to answer . he case the patio : its high brick wall , no exit . cock he head with a sudden think , glance back toward the restaurant . frady she 's ' one of yours . ' trumbull eh ? : cont . : continued frady Dame bump into I . probably : searched I . : . trumbull yo quite so . and I should add -- . there be other here with official function . sit down , will not you ? trumbull smile . frady walk over and sit . _ prady ' how long you know who I be ? - trumbull . I be ashamed to say , since this ec morning only . we procedure have . be shockingly careless in some ~ way . i° count on you to improve they , Lieutenant . - frady , oy I to improve they . _ trumbull I admire you hugely . I invite you to join the Bureau of Social structure on a permanent basis . : : 8 fprady , loe eee ee he show no particular reaction . his eye track a mosquito that 's buzzing around annoyingly . : ° se frady guess you really mean what you say last night . anybody try to tell this , get a ticket to the nuthouse . trumbull guaranteed . we may be careless in some way , but we never leave evidence . you have not a scrap . you must realize that by now . not one scrap of concrete evidence . prady dee not comment . the mosquito land on he forehead . whap ! he get it . he flick the remain away and wipe the spot meticulously with a corner of tablecloth . frady ; . tell I about the conspiracy . 9 qo oo oo _ trumbull and 87 . frady trumbull I would rather discuss America . frady I want to be a ballplayer . my knee go out and I 'ma cop . I know a few thing about America . trumbull do you love you country ? prady you be embarrassing I . trumbull why ? I love it too , Lieutenant . this America , this great nation . godawful in many way . reek of ~ violence , keep slave population cramme in vile ghettos from coast to coast . hypocritical and unjust , tasteless , overbuilt and under - develop , can elect a Richard Nixon . but . it 's the last best hope of the world . what 's wrong with America can possibly be change . provide its existence be preserve . we must manage its suryival -- manage it . ( and no doubt he '' mean all this ) the great threat to survival be we pattern of native violence . true , we get along with it for two century . we have buffalo to slaughter , and Indians and black and gook . but that outlet be no longer permissible . they be acceptable only to contemptible maniac . so how will we live with we inbred violence for the next century ? or fifty year or even ten -- what do you think ? fprady ' _ I do not know . + trumbull you do not know . but you be a policeman . Yau be aware of the ever-increasing incident . cont . ce ) q ey 88 . continued frady - . yes. maybe . trumbull stand up ' and pace around the pretty little patio enclave , gesture and spout quite impressively . he be certainly a dedicated and sincere man . featuring trumbull fete '' : trumbull I do not care what they source be . a lone madman with a Spanish rifle , a handful of activist , outrage black man , frighten rich people on the hill -- each press on the other 's live space , on he belief , on he - sacred miniscule possession . and he sense that no one care . ~ ( pause ) get a rifle , get a pistol , get a club , something with knot in the end that will break a skull . save bottle . fill they with low - lead gas and stuff a rag in and throw it . make a bomb . keep it handy . you never know what 's come . you will see the nameless they come down you street one day , one evening in the spring . then what will you do ? maybe they will be all oy black with beard and a crazy red light in they eye . maybe they be white , brutish , and big and tough and bald with shotgun and automatic weapon -- and uniform . how do you dissipate that pattern ? ( turn around ) that 's what my Bureau be for . we be fund as a group to look for way to channel sociological upheaval into coherent pattern , and find way to ease they . ( come back to frady ) and do . you know , sir ? so far we have not be at all successful . we research indicate a society that be not coherent , that be basically not manageable . that be responsive only to great 'and great drama act out in scene - of ever great violence -- of qo 89 . close on frady , - as he stand up suddenly , knock he chair over , really * gonk by something that 's just penetrate to he late . prady Jesus Christ ! back a way , you say -- '' a lone madman with a Spanish rifle " -- |! wider - include trumbull trumbull do I ? I suppose so . prady but then -- that would get to mean -- the assassination -- even you do not figure where be any real , conspiracy ! trumbull smile slightly . he do not deny it . , frady but then -- Jesus -- all that people -- hildy and faversham and tucker and --. Jesus ! -- you go and kill them all for nothing ! trumbull . nonsense . they die for they nation as truly as the unknown soldier . do not you see ? prady no. trumbull look at history , Lieutenant . nothing like the discovery of a plot to pull a troubled country together . never fail . frady no . trumbull charm of it be , we need not even decide yet who will be reveal as have be behind this plot . we can contrive that too . leftist , rightest , whatever -- we will pick the villain to match the present i + danger . > 90 . : . continued prady shiver under the hot sun . he bend he head and steal jerky sidewise glance at trumbull . : frady no . scuse I . I be try to believe you be real . trumbull iam real . sit down and let 's get on with business . . frady . ( dumb echo ) Business . trumbull you join the Bureau . this : waste of you talent must cease . n ) . - prady - . : what you need I for ? be not the deal sew up ? xq . os : trumbull : . this one , almost . there will be other . '' os fprady c . other ? you mean you be gonna cook up other phony plot ? trumbull but certainly . sometimes we even allow the incomparable Mr. Hoover to " discover " one . it keep he youthful . trumbuli 's sardonic smile be terrific . frady 's about to sit down again when another think strike he . he stop still and shiver once more , he eye try to bore right through trumbull 's skull . prady when would you start all this ? . trumbull . I really do not see how that 's -- frady when do you start kill ? ( more ) cont . - continued frady ( cont . ) ( he voice rise ) be it after the assassination or before ? do you maybe pull that a off too ??? trumbull you be beginning to tire I . sit down . co that be not exactly a answer , but frady do not push it . he sit down . his manner seem suddenly cagey . frady say I do join up . how could you trust I ? trumbull a reasonable question , finally . prady Hell . you could not ever trust I . trumbull there 's a woman name Mrs. Gay . you unhappily involved she . 7 7 frady involve she . trumbull as a result , she know rather more than I like . now she and she boy must be terminate . you will - perform this action . by so do , you will earn we trust . prady consider that for a moment . frady I set up a accident , huh ? trumbull leaky gas-main . boom ! frady that 's a rough assignment . , trumbull nonsense . candy from baby . '' cont . continued 91a . frady I be acop , mz. trumbull . you be ask I to change my spot awful quick . : trumbull not true . frady what you mean ? ( real interest in this ) : . because I be a cop 's I gotta be a natural killer ? : trumbull be not you ? frady well . < I maybe shot a few . but I always feel real lousy after . 's trumbull bourgeois guilt , Lieutenant . let I lift that load . you test - profile reveal a heart without mercy . accept thyself . cont . > 9 '' cu - frady 92 . he ponder it silently . angle loosen . trumbull hand he a slip of paper . . trumbull the lady 's address , go forth and do you thing . at once . the Bureau bless you , prady what happen if I ram this twelve foot up you ass ? trumbull sound fatal . frady I mean what happen to I . trumbull so do I . frady ponder again . he nod to himself . - he stick slip in prady leave . . he pocket and stand up . . , frady I get lot to do . put in my retirement papers , lot of thing . - trumbull se first thing first . frady okay . I will go back to the hotel and pack up , take right off . how do I check in with you ? . trumbull we will not be far . do not worry . prady shit , man . who 's worry ? int . HOTEL wellington - corridor - day frady come from he room , carry a overnight bag . he walk down to close door of another room . put a ear to it a moment , then knock . . my ay 93. int , trumbull be room — : Dr. malinowski be there by himself , pack up graph and '' stuff . he hear the knock , go over and open the door against the safety chain . frady Chief around ? dr . malinowski no he be not . frady lemme in a minute . ( and then ) come on , I be with you . lemme in . Dr. malinowski hesitates , but then he undoe : the chain . prady come in and close the door behind hin . stands look around the room . - dr . malinowski what be it you wish ? 's frady . hey , I know you voice . you be the voice of that test . - ( get no denial ) and I guess what you find out in you test be never wrong -- be . that right ? dr . malinowski certainly . : frady I will buy it . frady kick he in the ball , uppércut he as he sag forward , catch hint ’and yell at he : frady : sonsabitch ! you pulled off all the assassination too ! ( slapping and shaking he ) didn 't you ? only reply be retching sound . frady throw a forearm . under malinowski 's chin , drag he backward into bathroom . frosted window be partly open . rady look out and down . $ 4 , from bathroom window oe : deny straight down a grimy airshaft to alley of garbage can five storey below . : back to bathroom frady stuff Dr. malinowski through the window . it 's a tight fit , but he go . there 's a slight delay and then a terrific good crash as he land . frady exit . int . HOTEL lobby - day - frady come from stair and go to desk , with he bag . . : , prady check out . 527 . I think it 's pay . desk man ~ ie ) it 's pay . frady head for revolve door to street . int . moving car - interstate highway - day ' prady drive fast . he take a little bat ttery tape recorder — from seat beside he , prop it up on ledge under windshield and punch it on to '' record '' and start recite factually into its build - in mike : frady my name be frady . Lieutenant of detective , State Police . June 20th , about 3 p.m. , I return from the County morgue to find a woman name Miller in my office ... oo oo ext . suburban STREET - evening frady drive up and park in front of a house . he get out and stand a moment , he eye casually rove as he appear to be check house number against a slip of paper . eye notice something o.s. what he sees another car park diagonally across street , its hood up , a man tinkering with engine . move in as the fellow glance up . it 's gould , fake census taker whom frady chase vainly outside harmon 's place . 95 . back to frady no deal of it , but he make gould instantly . he check slip of paper again , head up path to the house . int . house - kitchen - evening marian Gay pour milk for she kid Todd , who 's eat in front of tv set . SOUND of front door chime . | marian . drink you milk . follow her through to front . she peek out a panel beside door . she see frady and look like she want to run , but ‘his finger be hard on button . bong bong bong bong . she open the door . frady step in and push it right close behind he . . . prady ~ even . marian whe be you ? what do you want ?? prady I get a contract to kill you . cu - marian , , - her face be a silent scream . she lurch back and sit down . include frady he slip revolver from shoulder holster . * prady 7 iz I do not do it there 's a guy outside who will . where 's the kid ? , marian no -- please -- he 's not here -- frady best thing would be to let the guy try . bit of luck , I could hang them for kill you . marian please -- he be not here -- ' ! 1 cont . qa 96 . continued . frady ~ it would be a helluva good bargain too . you and the kid against -- he break off , hearing some SMALL SOUND from back of house . he react fast . he yank marian up and swing she around and push she with the gun in she back through dining area toward where that sound come from . in the kitchen '' Todd must have be listen . he 's grab up a big carve knife , be wait with it as he mother and frady come through the swinging door . he lunge and nick frady 's arm , but frady be twist already and backhand the kid , knock he flat on he ass . marian make whimper noise . the tv set sing that life be great with a Coke . frady flip out he badge . ~ frady do not move . do not do anything . I be a police officer . he might as well say he 's from Mars . frady understand . angling on todd kid come to life , scramble up and try to grab another knife from set on magnetic holder . frady get around in front and wallop he again and knock he cold for sure this time . ° . marian ce cee ee marian please -- do not hurt he -- he father 's dead -- please -~- dead -- he be a navy pilot -- frady what 's * that to do with this ? marian whoever you be ~- oh please -- on frady Dead navy pilot leave he genuinely blank . he turn the tv set up very loud and click safety catch off on he revolver . ' : 97 . ext . STREET in front of house gould have the door of frady 's car open . he 's hold a metal box about the size of a cigarette carton . he twist a little _ timer - knob on the end , slip the box under the driver 's seat . as he 's close the car door there 's a big muffle boom ! boom ! from inside house . it seem to surprise he a little . he step back into the street . frady appear at live room window . he look directly out at gould and jerk he head . gould hesitates . then he slip a hand in a side pocket and head for the front door . int . marian' house frady open the door . gould slide in . frady close the door and slam gould with he gun . gould tumble and frady 's right on top of he on he knee , smash he head again and again with pistol butt . ~ tight low angle - up at frady ' he 's seriously berserk , flail with he revolver and yell like he do at the late Dr. malinowski . prady sonofabitch ! it be you Zombies all the way ! be not it , wasn't it ?? he 's not go to get any answer . the man 's skull have be crack in any number of place . frady stop in midsw . he shiver . perhaps it 's occur to he that he do belong with trumbull 's murderous Bureau . he shiver again at the o.s. sight of what he have just do and stand up . another angle marian have appear in be . g. and be just stare . frady that be the last easy one . you get anything I could drink ? she disappear back into kitchen like she do not hear . frady bend and slip a automatic from gould 's side pocket , drop it into he own . he 's still hold he revolver by the barrel . he notice foreign matter on the butt . he go and wipe it on a drape . . int . kitchen Todd be still out cold . marian be cradling he head , spong it where it get bashed against edge of table . for frady walk in . there 's another lyrical commercial on the tv . fprady kill it and look down at they . cont . ~ 98. continued frady where would he get dead ? Vietnam ? . marian what 's that to do with anything ? frady nod . marian rise in a jerky mechanical way and open cabinet under sink . she get out a bottle of " liquid drano '' with usual skull - and -crossbone warning and set it down on counter in front of frady . marian you want something to drink . she go down again beside she boy , continue to sponge he head . . prady ~ you know I really be a cop . marian yes , Officer . prady anyway . Word must be out on I by now . we gotta run . . marian yes , Officer . . prady they know my car . you get one ? marian yes , Officer . * frady where 's the key ? marian . yes , Officer . * frady realize that the bloody horror she see on she live room rug have leave she in a real state of shock . he yank she up and slap she face . frady where 's the key ?? - ~ 1 | aye 99 . ext . / int . garage in back - twilight marian 's wagon ' be in it . she stumble out through the con - nect door from house , ahead of frady , who carry Todd . he pitch kid into back seat . marian still seem in a daze , so he push she in after and slam the door and jump in himself behind the wheel . frady start the engine and back out fast . : closer angle - in the STREET frady jam on the brake and push backwards , try to slide driver 's seat backward on its track . it will only go a bit , then jam . he push open he door and fumble at the seat catch . camera drop . we see he finger brush around the end of another metallic box under the seat , gzactly like the one we see gould slip into he own car in ont . : frady' voice . ~ what the hell 's wrong with this seat , I can not seem to -- ( stop - abruptly ) , in side - view mirror what could be the shadowy figure of a man be see to step back behind a tree . pan to frady . he 's look in the mirror , see this , and he 's not go to worry about he seat position any more just now . he pull the door shut and spin the wheel and gun off down the street . . another shot - same STREET it be a man behind that tree . he step out . we may recog - nize he : he 's the fellow who pick up Claire and be with she when frady phone that early morning . if we fail to recognize he , no matter . he walk quickly to a car park in driveway , engine idling . behind its wheel be willy . fellow jump in and they take off . int . marian be wagon - moving - night frady make time down a four-lane highway . there be head - light in he rear-view . marian be in the seat behind , still hold Todd . her face be glassy , with a kind of loony apathy . frady you awake ? , : marian course not . it 's a dream . cont . a | . '' 7 100 . a I continued ee ao - . - : frady pinch yourself . take this -- + uu . he produce the gun he lift off gould , hand it back to . : her. marian stick it right into the nape of frady 's neck : and pull the trigger .- there 's a click . she make a face -+«.. . of childlike disappointment . i . : oe ee eee ok non unload it ... : + , prady , . we wo not matter , put it in you purse , I be take you two to a : vate > airport . hop the first plane to . anywhere . soon as it 's up , pull ~ of , that gun and say " Havana . " marian | you be crazy , Officer . I intend to report you . i : be frady , tote sanne sss you do that . from Havana . it 's vf . the one place they might not have ; a@ reach . I : ( eye focus on light in mirror ) hold tight . : @ frady step on the gas . : have int . willy car - moving - night ay es willy step on he gas too . other killer peer at he watch . . . other killer Three minute to boom . what 's the big hurry ? : oo willy I be possibly pervert , I like to watch . . soon shot ~ the two car so prady swing off the four-laner onto a dark farm road . the mar wagon have rotten suspension , but fprady 's a pro at this . willy have a good foot too . he keep up through skid and '' thing , but finally he spin oct somewhere . it do not smash willy 's car , just stall it and make willy say " oh . fudge ! " : erie . yio iol . ext./ int . marian' wagon fprady round a curve at speed , one eye lock on the now - dark rear-view mirror . it 's late when he see what be dead ahead : lower gate of a railway grade crossing , with a dim red light flash and swinging as a long slow freight lumber through . flash cut prady try to floor the brake , but with the seat way forward that way he knee snag the dash and he miss the pedal , and marian jump up in back and scream , and frady kick again and yank at hand brake and spin the wheel all at once , and the wagon slew around to a crazy crash stop . angle - stop wagon its behind be right through the guard gate , about a yard from : the clatter train . marian have be pitch forward into the front seat . frady jump out , he knee watery with relief and anger . damn stick seat almost kill he . he duck down , slamm at the seat catch , try to see and feel what 's jam the track underneath . he see . push in tight as he freeze for a split second and then shout : . . frady get out !! overhead shot frady leap up and yank open back door , haul at tedd . dust as he get he out there 's a explosion from under the ariver 's seat , a blast flash that send frady and Todd backward through the air . down the road a piece willy 's car coast to a stop on the shoulder with no light . he and the other killer get out .. moonlight glint on they + 357 magnum revolver . on frady he 's stunne in a ditch . he stumble up and run to the wagon . it 's not burn but one look be enough . the whole front - seat section have be blow totally to hell . it go off right under marian . he go back to whare he pick himself up from . angling on todd . , kid lie sprawle beside same ditch . blown -off car door be partly over he . it look to have gash and break one leg i . cont . my a € ec - 102 . continued quite badly . but he be breathe and he eye be wide open if not exactly see . frady kneel beside he . frady hey , kid -- can you hear I ? . todd . ( feeble ) where 's Mom ? sudden blaze of light on frady and the bwaaaang ! of a ricochet . a shiny new gash have appear in the blow - off door panel . frady roll Todd into the ditch and dive in after he , whip - ping revolver from its holster . : over frady' shoulder - down the road L - the headlight of willy 's car be . on he blindingly . bang ! and bang ! and frady have shot they both out . a beat of nothing and then a figure pop up from ditch and fire at he , and as frady fire once back . it be - go and another figure pop up from ditch on the other side and fire too and also instantly be go . they be like tin figure in a mechanical shoot gallery . - : back to frady ds he 's poise with '' finger on trigger , then think of something . flip out cylinder of he revolver . his think be correct : two bullet blow inside marian 's house , another three just now . that leave he here in a ditch with a badly hurt kid and exactly one bullet leave , and he be not pack ammo . the situation be not wholly promise . he turn he head to look behind he . : toward the track the train be still crash noisily through the grade cross ~ - ing . the locomotive have be go ahead during all of this , but now light of caboose can be see come down the track . down the road = left side ditch willy be crawl forward . down the road - right side ditch . ' the other killer be 's advance too . of F 103 . ~ , with frady , . . vr he flip he last bullet back into fire position and draw : a careful bead on lower rear end of the wagon . he fire . . wagon 's gas tank go up in a whoosh of flame , : int . moving . caboose ) . . 2 couple of trainmen in it . one be loung idly at front , look out through forward - face window . he be not idle . any more . he grab up train 's intercom phone and push the buzzer . . ' a . lst trainman ro . hit the brake ! ' on willy - in the ditch he stop , reacting to change of train sound . now the '' a clash of brake shoe , air hiss , and the start of a_ ' '' wave of coupling - bang . willy set himself , then bound up and dash low across the road and dive into ditch on other side beside he mate . — other killer what now ? ~ : '' willy itll go up . you cover . one wrong move , you stand up and blast everyone in sight . c frady and todd - in there ditch stop -noise of train very loud as frady put he face close to the kid 's ear . '' : frady . how bad 's the leg ? todd ~ I dunn . where 's Mom ? frady grab hold of my belt . hold on and crawl after I best you can . there 's a lot riding on you . frady take a reel of recording tape out of he own pocket and stick it in Todd 's shirt pocket and then button the flap down . . frady hold onto my belt ! ' . cont . 104 . continued - the angle shift . now we see what frady see before . the drainage ditch run under the track ahead through a big corrugate pipe . frady position himself in front of Todd , hook the kid 's hand in he belt and start crawl drag he toward the pipe . Todd 's bust leg be no help at all . . angling on train it shudder to final hiss halt with caboose only yard from marian 's blaze pyre . the trainmen jump off and run up with big flashlight . lst trainman bejesus . . willy walk up into shot . he have one hand in a side pocket and he coolness be terrific . : ~ willy it 's a damn crime . lst trainman ' what be ? _ willy Way they make car this day . her gas tank blow up . 2nd trainman - - you see it ? - : willy pass I a mile back , go like a bat . Gas be leak right out on the road . pour . I try to catch up , but I guess it get to she tailpipe first . '' ' willy be stand there easily , but he eye rove . willy p.o.v. it scan the ditch and around . no sign of frady any more where the blow - off car door lie . low dialog o.s. during this : . a ist trainman whatta we do , Joe ? cont . 105 . ~ continued 4 : we . 2nd trainman there 's no help the poor lady , | that 's for sure . what a horrible . stink . willy 's gaze jump in hard on something . it 's one of Todd 's 7 shoe . it lie there just at the open of the corrugate pipe where it fall off . | willy I see a farmhouse . I will drive back and call . oo back to scene ; i ist trainman yeah , I guess that would be okay . TI . ~ . mean it 's not like the car run into ~ e we . we be not in any wreck . . 2nd trainman you call . case the police ask , we will be at huntville yard . . we be @eadheadin ' this junk back to the ' . _ bonepile there . ed '' . . willy huntville yard . gotcha . ~ ' to lst trainman to . ( at wreck , hold he nose ) bejesus . they retreat fast and sick-look toward caboose . one é stop and wave he flashlight with a rotate motion toward the locomotive far ahead in the night . int . stop train - a old mail car door be partly open on the side away from the action . by moonlight we see frady bent over Todd , who lie on a pile of - dusty old mail sack . compress air hiss 0.s. as brake shoe relax from rim , frady feel the boy' leg where trouser be blood -soak . he start a sharp cry , but prady 's hand go quickly down over he mouth . oo . frady okay , * easy . no noise . he withdraw hand tentatively . - no cry , just the huge - eye gasp question again . . cont . eo 106 . continued ' loe : ~ — trond 's ; . my Mom . <- ?? frady you be out a while . someone come and pick she up . do not have room for we , though , so we be take a different way . just lie quiet now , I be go to put you a tourniquet ... Big jerk as the coupling slack be take up and the ‘exain start to move . ext . train much crash noise as it get go . at last moment willy and he mate come run up low and clamber onto coupling platform at rear of old railway mail car . int . mail car - moving train frady have make a tourniquet from strip of shirt , have it twisted around Todd 's thigh above the wound . the boy look poorly : face be film with sweat and breath be shallow . he moan at the car 's constant jolt . ext . coupling platform - moving train the heavy steel door into mail car be lock . willy put he magnum muzzle close to it and fire . door be still lock . they make they tough in that day . he aim to shoot again . int . mail car - frady he kneel hold the tourniquet , look at he wristwatch . another bang ! from outside . we can distinguish it from train noisé , but frady do not . bang ! again . a couple of beat , then frady suddenly swivel he head in delay reaction . he p.o.v . - zooming to cu door at the end . same kind of bang ! again and chip of ancient paint fly off the inner surface . ' ext . coupling platform willy and he mate FIRE together . lock area look like it 's be hit with a bazooka . willy try the door delicately . the lock have be smashed . it be go to open now . but he 's careful . he take clip from he gun and - ram in a new one . cont . 107 . continued '' ditto he friend . willy say something into he ear which we can not hear over noise , but from they new position the idea be clear : willy will go in now while the other killer cover he from the coupling platform . int . mail car - angle on door it open abruptly and willy step in with gun levele . tilt up quick . frady be up above on iron ladder attach to end bulkhead , hold a mail sack . frady leap down , hold the sack open and invert . . quick angle - the action it 's unbelievably fast . the sack whomp down over willy 's head and shoulder and frady knee . he in the crotch and slam he back into the steel wall and knee he again on the bounce and have snatch the pistol from he hand and_ drop to one knee and spun around . the other killer be just rush in . boom ! and he shot go over frady 's head and boom ! frady 's return shot go into the guy 's nose and he go cartwheel backwards into the clatter night , dead before he will hit the crossty . frady turn again . oo include willy , - he 's on he haunch at base of side wall , stunne and retching under he canvas straitjacket . stencile on it say " U.S. government property . " as willy scrabble at . bottom edge , frady keep the gun right on he and move backward , back to where Todd lie . with he leave hand , - frady grope and find the tourniquet and twist it tight again . willy finally get the sack up off he head . his own gun look at he and prady suddenly and at last remember . frady I will be damn . lobby of the ok corral . you be buy some souvenir . ' willy move like he 's go to stand up . boom ! frady shoot he through a kneecap . willy say " qooooh " and sit down again pretty quick . willy you silly pig . trumbull will get you . ~ . moa cont . ee — — . los . - continued . frady likely true . but meantime I have get you , and you be gonna tell I some thing . ew willy what make you think so ? boom ! frady shoot he through the other kneecap . willy ocooocoh . frady let 's start at the top . Way back , before the assassination begin -- ~ - willy you must be hallucinate . what assassination ? . frady flop on you face . crawl over here on you elbow and put out you hand flat . . . willy what for ? : frady I be gonna hurt you a couple of . way . . willy you sad silly pig . you little pig brain just cannot dig it . fprady : what ? ' willy I be a old - fashioned patriot , fprady . I have faith . I be not scared of die for my country . shit ! you might as well threaten a statue of Nathan hale . cont . a 109 . continued : a : ta , . : frady crawl over here and let 's mash a few finger . willy ~ : . . can I have a cigarette first ? frady no way . flop over and crawl . on willy he make a sad face and sigh and obediently he flop forward . '' he land on he elbow with he hand fold under he , and before frady can do a damn thing willy have darte a hand into breast pocket and come up with a tiny something and hold it right in front of he eye . push in tight , it 's a small shiny black capsule . ~ cu = frady he 's a dummy . a shot ' would blow willy 's brain out . , willy willy this be ridiculous . I have always be fond of train ride ... fhe sonofabitch have style . he pop capsule in he mouth and grind it , and willy be grin at frady for the whole two second it take before the cyanide hit he and he convulse in a rictus and scream . another angle past frady in silhouette against the partly open door of the mail car . a fragment of America rattles past . in a suburban backyard we glimpse someone drink beer and building a boat , and willy 's scream have stop , and some kid be play , and frady dumbly lower he stupid gun . int . hospital - emergency reception area - niget it 's quiet . Wall clock say like 3:30 . frady sit ona straight chair in a office cubicle as a bored admission clerk type stuff on a card . vo .t lerk hospitalization ? . . frady - how would 's I know that ? cont . 110 . continued . . - clerk oo : do not know much , do you ? prady I tell you , I be drive . saw the kid in the road all alone . just pick he up and bring he in . might be a runaway . orphan , all I know . . clerk no identification . . frady . none I know . only that stuff you get there from he pocket . angle - clerk desk ~ stuff from any boy 's pocket . like scout knife , a bit of Change , fray rabbit 's foot . and a reel of recording tape . as we move in on this - last until it look enormous : frady' voice be safe , will not it ? : clerk voice safe ? . * prady' voice stuff . might be important just to he . . clerk voice . oh sure . Long as nothing worth steal , it 's safe . have you name , please ? back to scene frady Andrew Winston . spell -- clerk I get it . Winston . like the cigarette should . address ? : frady State University . here , I have it writ down for you . ( give she . a bit of paper ) I 'ma prof there . cont . oy oo e& lll . continued clerk '' “r would not of guess . frady ignore that , stand up with a frown . frady you sure nobody call in about a miss kid , huh ? clerk : no report yet . . . prady funny . must have be hour now . look -- if the kid 's folk do not show by morning , I want you to call I . be sure you call I . clerk you want - to take responsibility ? '' p rapy yuh . / , clerk . okay , I will put that down . but they will show up . . frady : I be sure . but in case . be that all ? woe ee clerk ( eyeing card ) not much but all we get -- right , prof ? frady right .on. ' : with frady he leave the clerk 's cubicle and walk down the hall a way . there 's a door that say : " emergency room -= positively no admittance . " he open it . int . emergency room Todd be unconscious : on the table , get a transfusion and be prepare for surgery . we can read lettering on hospital cont . ey 2 112 . continued wristband near camera . it say : " boy / name unknown " and then some code number . a intern look up and see frady in the doorway . intern scram , mac . cantcha read ? frady nod and disappear . on frady - in the hall he look disorient and a little crazy suddenly , like maybe he do not know where or who he be . he seratches he scalp and look at he hand . there 's dry blood on they . frady charge into a stairwell across the way and start up the stair three at a time . int . hospital - upper floor . oé frady show he badge 's to nurse at floor desk . - prady , I 'just bring someone in -- be somewhere I could wash ? nurse _ ( point ) second on the right . frady 's almost run in that direction already . int . hospital scrub room , ' frady wash himself like a maniac . frady scrub and . scrape and splashes carbolic solution and flush it and start again . : ext . state university campus - early morning frady walk fast along a flagstone path . int . bedroom - close on winston he 's in pajamas on edge of bed , clenching phone and make not entirely coherent sound into its speaker . winston yes -- yes that 's right , I be -- what ? -- be I a relative -- 7 ? cont . '' imeem net a ean eet be hte a ittalene chat lael astineutee one : continued foe reman ae otek tlle acne werk bake 113. pull back fast . frady 's about three foot away . ' his revolver be not point at Winston , but it 's in he hand . frady nod and prompt he low : . frady pather 's side . winston ( to phone ) yes , I be related -- to he father . ( after a moment ) all right . I will drive over . yes ! Goodbye ! he bang down receiver and stare at frady . - fe frady '' that 's good . you can take cara : '' of he . it 's right you do , - winston why ? loe : , frady I dunno . poppa be a pilot , get kill out there . - winston what ? . : ( stand up in indignation ) what 's that to do with I ?? frady I dunno . winston you be simply out of you mind ! wt : . fprady yuh . but I get reason . I see thing and learn thing and do thing that -- a dog should not =~ no dog should do -- ( shaking that off ) you be say when the phone rung -- you know this trumbull , huh ? . winston I say I would meet he , cont . qo - continued | 114 . frady that would be in Washington . back in the glory day . where would he get there from ? winston I do not recall . Harvard maybe ? frady Harvard . damn . a intellectual just like you . he appear loony ? : winston of course not ! what in hell do you want from I ?? a ~~ . frady do not yell . I be a dumb garbage collector . you say that . I be just try to understand the how of people like you and he . , winston never . tmpossible . | prady that be say ' to I recently on a train . the fella die shortly . after . * winston you can not understand unless you 's have be there . at the center ef power . there be many man like Edward trumbull . frady Jesus . '' do not say so . winston Men obsessed . Men who ... ( stop , look up at prady ) : - this scheme of he . imaginary plot to be unearth . I find it monstrous and mad -- but it might work . frady work . . winston . speak pragmatically . ignoring any moral consideration . I swear tt might workl ay rn ror IL a ene ee no en ae rrr - 115 . — close on frady he study the muzzle of he revolver . then he shake he head and stick gun back in holster and stand up . oo prady I quit . I be switch my brain off . Goodbye and lot of luck . frady head for the door with he head down , but Winston step after he urgently . winston wait ! . . , ( as prady turn ) this boy -- frady on you doorstep , baby , and the ~ snow be blow -- but I do not think they get a line on he . I do believe he 's clear . winston . , what will I do with he ?? - : prady pragmatically speak you might play the tape every Christmas Eve and tell he about Santa Claus and George Washington . he might grow . up to do something about the world . of you and I . who know ? prady be go . . ext . state police hq - morning the air be clear and sparkling . frady walk up from the parking '' lot . he stop and look around . there be no apparent assassin in sight . he go inside . moving with frady - into hq nobody sinister in the lobby either . frady nod at the uniform trooper on duty at front desk . L frady howdy , Johnson . : ~ johnson . welcome back , sir . how be the vacation ? cont . 116 . continued / frady = " Old story . vacation be fun but it 's nicer to get home . Johnson buzze open the gate and frady go through that and the inner door behind , he 's round angle toward he office when he change mind . go back to open entrance into commu - . nication room . fprady I be back and I be a bear . gimme some work . . ( as head turn , all . but yell ) you damn fool , gimme report or something ' ! . . ( eye just look ~~ at he ) . forget it . frady leave as abruptly as he arrive . we realize now that he ease out front be wholly deceptive .. Lt. frady be almost out of he skull . he charge on to he own office and go in . int . frady' office - morning there 's a big stack of report on he desk that have pile up in he absence . - frady pick they up and look at the top one seriously for a moment , and then he hurl the whole stack in the wastebasket . suddenly he 's the loneliest eraziest - look bastard you ever see . he go to the door , breathe hard , and bolt it and run and get a chair and stick it cant under the doorknob . he run back to the open window . he slam it down and latch it , and clatter down the blind and close the slat . closer on frady he walk to he desk in the gloom . he take he empty revolver from its holster and flip out the cylinder , he load it with a single bullet from box in a drawer , he place the revolver in center of he desk and sit down . the intercom BOX buzy . frady pay no heed . he get that " sloane 's liniment " bottle of booze from its drawer , and a paper cup too , and pour it full to the brim . the intercom keep 's go buzz buzz . frady push down the key . . . prady ' I be not here . : . . cont . q Le L mo. 117 . continued = lo ooo intercom , okay . I will tell that to the guy . + ask for you . frady know , but he ask anyway . . of fprady woe who ? . km . . as intercom name of *tfumbull . . frady , : _ what 's he business ? a intercom . . do not state .. want I should ask ? ( long long pause ) sir? a ‘y : ° prady . T will be out in a minute . ° he turn off the box . he take a big swallow from cup and place he hand on the grip of he revolver . int . hq lobby Edward trumbull wait there beside trooper Johnson at the . desk , pack he pipe . he seem calm , but there 's a little - jerkiness to he movement that say this calm be about ane millimeter thick . frady come out through the inner door . he stop just inside the buzzer - gate beside Johnson and look at trumbull with dead neutral eye . trumbull hello . Lieutenant frady , be it not ? . prady yuh . who be you ? trumbull we have meet before , frady I will take you word . . : - = trumbull . '' I - try to sell you something , . , cont . continued 's frady no kid . beat of silence . trooper Johnson have be follow this — odd conversation like a tennis match .* '' =. trombull I see rie have to adopt a new approach . . fradyt yuk . . trumbull my name be trumbull , sir . let oo a I remind you .of the word from .. - a the Book : in life , we be im ~ '' - the midst of death .. perhaps '' 2 0 ° Te . could interest you in a lot in . a fine new cemetery . frady you ! be peddle new graveyard . . trumbull yes , sir . TI be . frady what 's wrong with the old one ? trumbull they have become overcrowded . — . though to be frank , the one I have in mind for you be still only in the plan stage . fradyt ain ' t interested , doc . trumbull that 's very foolish . the time to buy be now . . : - opapy ote vo I look unhealthy ? +4 trumbull * . ( real preacher tone ) he take we at any moment . from any direction . he take we when we be least prepare . his way be myriad . ( pause ) unless , of course . oo coin , 4 we , continued -- . so , t frady unless what ? '' . trumbull the . . there might be some alternative ae ae a proposition . possibly we could " discuss it in you office . Age ! frady I be kind of busy . Old traffic ticket and stuff , you know ? not trumbull . v really , sir , I beg you urgently . . let we go into you office . it 's essential ! go. ce there 's a crazy glint in trumbull 's eye . frady be get ~ to he . frady yawn and scratch a armpit . : *. fprady . — ~ . how would this fella get in here ? '' . 7 johnson to . . tee it 's a public building , sir . frady screw it . I think he 's a phony two - bit creep . throw he out and lift you leg on he -- --. that 's a order , Johnson . cy on trumbull . he can not believe it . this nobody jerkwater cop have rape ~ ° he very essence , be actually turn he back on Edward . trumbull . it unglue he completely . with inutterable fury , ' trumbull take a step backward and whip out a little nickel - : plate revolver . reverse angle it happen quick than it can be describe . trooper Johnson scream " watch out !! " and leap up pull he own revolver , but something like this be just wnat frady hope would happen , and he yell " nol !!! " at the trooper and backhand he , and go in a twist dive at trumbull , and trumbull 's little __ — gun say bang ! and .at same instant there 's a really cannonlike - boom ! boom ! bcom ! °- oy 120 . toward trumbull he double forward with a look of sheer astonishment . it 's so stage that for a instant he look absolutely identical to fame freeze picture of Lee harvey oswald get gut - shot by Jack Ruby . with die amazement , trumbull fold and crash to the floor beneath frady . camera crane up fast . there 's a guy in civvy at the side , who must have just walk in . he hold a smoking revolver . it be he who put the blast on trumbull . a astonished moment . frady 's head and ours still ring with the stun reverbera - tion of that four fast shot in this enclose space . the guy lower he revolver . almost lazily , he haul a leather folder from he hip pocket and flip it open . a small gold badge gleam inside . . the guy ( southern drawl ) officuh ellinsworth , ah be from New o'lean . come up to see you all ' bout a fugitive . ai not it mighty lucky ? , ' frady still look uncomprehend . ' there 's blood come from he shoulder where trumbull 's snap - shot winge he in midaizx . he roll trumbull over . the eye be glaze and open and dead . the tongue will never wag again . in b.g. other troopers be rush in with draw revolver . tight cu - frady '' something go off violently inside he brain . he look up ' again o.s. : frady and the cop from new orlean frady recognize 'him . he be behind one of that banquette in '' La jardiniere . " Lt. prady stare into the man 's face and see a labyrinth of dark tunnel stretch into infinity ahead of he . prady oh sweet hell . freeze on that . ' the end