paranorman written by Christopher butler 1 int . research laboratory - night 1 a attractive female scientist in a gore - spatter lab coat move fearfully along a wall , pass bench strewn with break lab equipment . her ample bosom heave as she pant nervously , mascara-rimmed eye darting to and for . Glass smashes on the floor nearby and melodramatic music swell . the woman back into a shadow , not notice a pair of dead eye catch the moonlight behind she . the music climb to a frenzy as something groans horribly into the woman 's ear . she spin around on she stiletto heel as a rotted face loom out of the darkness , drool through break tooth , and lunge at she neck . zombie brain ! close on the woman as she raise she hand and scream . CUT to : 2 2 int . babcock' house , live room - night eleven year - old norman babcock sit on the floor watch tv . he have large pierce eye and a messy shock of hair . the movie scene we just witness continue off - screen with the sound of bloodcurdle scream . behind he sit upon a sofa be grandma babcock , a plump old lady squinting through thick glass . grandma babcock what 's happen now ? norman the zombie be eat she head , grandma . grandma babcock that 's not very nice . what 's he do that for ? norman because he 's a zombie . that 's what they do . grandma babcock well he 's go to ruin he dinner . I be sure if they just bother to sit down and talk it through it would be a different story . norman chuckle , as if the idea be absurd , then wince as he hear he father shout from the kitchen . paranorman 2. 2 continued : 2 perry babcock ( o.s. ) norman ! do not I tell you to take out the garbage ? norman come , dad ! grandma babcock tell he to turn up the thermostat too , will ya ? my foot be like ice . norman nod to she and shuffles over to the kitchen door . 3 3 int . babcock' house , kitchen - continuous norman 's mother , sandra babcock , be empty the dishwasher . she be in she late thirty , and wear `mom ' clothes that do no favor for she figure . his father , perry babcock , be older , with a neatly - trim beard try hard to delineate chin from neck . he stand on a chair , deck out in tool belt and safety goggle , even though he 's only change a light bulb in a ceiling fixture . Sandra smile at she son as he make he way silently to a overstuff trash can as tall as he be . sandra babcock hi. whatcha watch in there ? norman sex and violence . sandra babcock oh . that 's nice . perry glare over as norman wrestle with the garbage . perry babcock can not you be like other kid you age and pitch a tent in the yard , or have a healthy interest in carpentry ? sandra babcock perry ... norman I think you say kid my age be too busy shoplift and joyride ? sandra babcock norman ! he heft the bag onto the floor and tie it in a knot . paranorman 3. 3 continued : 3 breeze into the kitchen through the back door while chatting inanely on she cell phone , norman 's older sister courtney be fifteen year - old and be the bleach - blonde cheerleader archetype of every schoolboy 's sordid dream . courtney oh yeah , he 's r-i-double p-e-d . like , a seven pack at least . ( to norman ) ew ! watch it ! she push she brother out of the way as he drag the garbage outside . sandra babcock Courtney , be nice . courtney yeah , she totally do not deserve he . I mean , she 's nice and I really like she , but she 's a complete loser . yeah , I know . Courtney slump into a chair at the table , twist a strand of gum out of she mouth with a finger . norman return inside and shut the door , pause a moment as if think something over . norman dad ? grandma say , " can you turn up the heating ? " her foot be cold . the bubble Courtney be blow pop against she face , perry roll he eye and groans , and Sandra pale . sandra babcock now , perry ... perry babcock how many time do we have to go through this , Son ? you grandmother be dead ! norman I know ! perry babcock then why do you keep on talk to she ? norman because she talk back ! courtney o-m -g , you be such a liar ! paranorman 4. 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 norman I be not make this up ! I swear ! she talk to I all the time ! courtney oh yeah ? prove it ! norman level she a look that say " you ask for this " . norman she say it 's not very ladylike to hide photo of the High School quarterback with he shirt off in you underwear drawer . Sandra and perry raise they eyebrow . courtney I know it ! you have be sneaking around in my personal stuff ! norman no I have not ! grandma tell I ! courtney you be the worst ! Courtney , brim with outrage , storm out of the kitchen , she ponytail wag furiously behind she . Sandra kneel down beside norman with a wearily sympathetic smile . sandra babcock norman , I know you and grandma be very close , but we all have to move on . grandma 's in a better place now . norman no she 's not , she 's in the live room . perry throw he arm in the air , sway on the chair . perry babcock you grandmother be old and sick , and she die . that 's all there be to it ! sandra babcock perry , this be just part of the mourn process . paranorman 5 . 3 continued : ( 3 ) 3 perry babcock stop indulge he ! I be nothing if I be not liberal , but that limp - wrist , hippie garbage need to be nip in the bud ! norman sigh and step between he parent as they argue . he mutely head out of the room . 4 4 ext . babcock' house , front yard - continuous the argument in the kitchen continue , slightly mute . perry babcock ( o.s. ) this behavior might be okay with you side of the family , but I be not put up with it anymore ! not I ! sandra babcock ( o.s. ) oh , not this again ! pan up to find a light go on in norman 's bedroom window . 5 5 int . babcock' house , norman' bedroom - night norman sit on he bed , use a couple of zombie action figure to act out he parent ' ongoing " discussion " which carry upstairs . norman get up off the bed and approach the door . perry babcock this be not the West Coast , Sandra ; people talk ! they do ! sandra babcock ( o.s. ) he 's just sensitive , perry . perry babcock ( o.s. ) oh please , " sensitive " be write poetry and be lousy at team sport ... not this ! I will not have he turn out like that uncle of yours ! if that crazy old tramp have be around here put idea in norman 's head ... sandra babcock ( o.s. ) perry , no one 's have anything to do with uncle prenderghast in year ! I bet he do not even know what norman look like ! norman quietly close the door , and the room go black . paranorman 6. 6 int . mr prenderghast's house , study - night 6 close on a fade photograph of norman , hold in the grimy hand of mr prenderghast . he stand over a dusty desk scattered with picture of norman , Sandra and older family member . he be in a dark study ; a wall - to- wall trove of curious miscellanea and dumpster - dive junk . mr prenderghast not much time , not much time ... he pull a old leather - bound book out from the mess , and trace a finger over a woodcut illustration on its cover ; a ethereal woman lie beneath a cluster of star . wincing with pain , the man drop the book and clutches at he chest , coughing and gasping horribly . camera pan to a wall cover in countless photograph , newspaper clipping and scrawle occult marking . it be a shrine of sort ; a madman 's recondite genealogy project , and at its center be a photograph of norman , pose with he family on vacation . zoom in to the photograph , hurtle past the babcock and through dense tree further and further into a dark forest . title : paranorman 7 7 int . babcock' house , norman' bedroom - morning norman open bleary eye , turn off he zombie hand alarm clock , and slide out of bed . 8 int . babcock' house , live room - morning 8 dress for school , norman pause at the front door and turn to look at the sofa in the live room . he wave happily , and grandma smile back . Courtney pass he as she come down the stair in the opposite direction . she also stop to look at the sofa , but to she eye it be empty . she sneer contemptuously . 9 9 ext . suburban STREET - morning norman amble past house and lawn spot with small - town America detritus ; cheap plastic lawn furniture , peel - paint fence and cookie-cutter topiary . here the quaint colonial building be mostly in disrepair , they picket fence rotten or daube in graffiti . paranorman 7. 9 continued : 9 norman be watch dubiously by the occasional passer - by as he shout amiable greeting to people who simply be not there . norman good morning ! hey Bruce ! how 's it goin ' ? not much . I be kind of late for school . I need to go . hi , nice to see you guy . good morning . sorry I gotta run . Excuse I . pardon I . see ya . at one street corner , norman bend over a gutter . he be watch curiously by a man retrieve he morning paper across the other side of the street . man be Pov - norman crouch over the flatten remain of raccoon road kill . norman ( cont 'd ) hey there little buddy ! c'mere ! he realize he be be stare at and slowly turn to face the onlooker , then hurry away . though no one else see they , to norman 's eye , a whole host of ghost be meander through the street . norman ( cont 'd ) yeah , good to see you ! how you doin ' ? hi Mrs hardman . you look nice today . I like what you have do with you hair . hairdryer ghost do anyone smell burn ? hippy ghost hey , peace , man . norman totally . civil war ghost as you be , soldier . norman Sir , yes sir ! greaser ghost yo norman , you playin ' hookie ? norman no no , I be just late for school . sorry , I gotta go . ( to mobster ghost ) how you doin ' ? paranorman 8. 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 mobster ghost hey , how you doin ' ? a little further along norman nod pleasantly to the ghost of a parachutist impale in the branch of a roadside tree . norman hi ! how 's it hang ? parachutist ghost Ho ho ! have not hear that one before . well , it 's a nice day . 11 11 ext . MAIN STREET - morning its industrial day now rusted behind it , blithe hollow have become a run-down tourist town , celebrate its heritage with lame fete and crass knick - knack . a massive billboard beside the main square read " blithe hollow - a great place to hang ! " illustrate by a group of wave puritans beside a equally cheerful witch hang from a gallow . across the street a huge banner suggest this year be particularly important for the town ; " blithe hollow - 300 bewitchin ' year ! " the town center be lack in charm ; its historical building subsume into a vulgar modern thoroughfare with gaudy witch - theme shop front and crack sidewalk . everywhere norman walk , the witch theme be prevalent . Cars have bumper sticker that extol such witticism as " my other car be a broom " . there 's a dingy bar , the bar gento , and a greeting card store call best witch . norman hurry past sheriff hooper , a heavyset black woman , and deputy dwayne , lanky and awkward and look like he would rather be elsewhere . sheriff hooper watch and learn . " parking violation " be my middle name . deputy dwayne really ? I think it be rhona . they glance up disdainfully as norman pass by . clearly in this town norman have something of a bad reputation . 12 ext . school entrance - morning 12 norman walk up a tree line path that lead to a squat school building . out front , the name " blithe hollow middle school " be carve into a ugly hunk of granite . paranorman 9. 12 continued : 12 school kide line the path in front of norman ; a gauntlet of jeer , merciless , pre-pubescent horror . norman take a deep breath as he begin he daily walk of ridicule . most of the kid give he a wide berth , but other sneer and whisper as he pass . a bell ring the start of the school day , and everyone make a bee-line for the building . someone barge norman with they shoulder , knock he backpack to the ground . other kid snicker as they step over he . as the last of they head through the lobby door , norman be leave alone on the path . norman bend down to retrieve he spill possession , and a dark shape beyond the gate catch he eye . norman be Pov - Mr prenderghast , barely visible as he stand within the shadow of a tree , stare back at he . norman frown and squint he eye , but now see only tree and shadow , so he continue up the step . 13 13 int . school hallway , locker - morning a expanse of unevenly lacquer floor , scuff by score of drag heel . row of dent locker line the wall . norman stand before he locker , across which someone have daube the word " freak " in marker . clearly something of a daily ritual , he reach inside , take out a bottle of surface cleaner and a rag and proceed to wipe it off . across the hallway , another kid be remove graffiti from he locker . neil be overweight with frizzy red hair , and be busily rub a handkerchief over the word " fatty " . he watch norman with interest . a voice behind he shoulder give norman a start . alvin hey , ghost jerk ! you know what ? norman turn to find textbook bully alvin , the only 6th grader in he class who shave , loom over he . he be flanke by a couple of leer sycophant , one of whom wear a T-shirt emblazon with " team alvin " . norman sigh . norman what do you want , Alvin ? alvin why do not you see some more ghost , goober ? paranorman 10 . 13 continued : 13 the kid laugh uproariously , encourage Alvin to show off some more . alvin ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey ! norman ! Alvin point to a fly that have land on the locker beside he . he swat it flat with he hand . alvin ( cont 'd ) talk to that . the kid around Alvin burst into laughter . alvin ( cont 'd ) that be so Alvin ! the bully strut away , content in the psychological damage they have manage to inflict . pug loser ! alvin that be good , right guy ? norman mutter as they leave , but not loud enough so as anyone might hear . norman fly do not talk . across the hall , Neil continue to watch with sympathy , but he be already be hurried along by he friend salma , a nerdy indian kid with brace . salma Neil , come on . let 's go . 14 14 int . school gymnasium - day amidst stack bleacher , foam mat and stray dodge ball , a crudely construct stage fill one end of the gymnasium . mediocre art class scenery represent a colonial town , complete with plywood hill , chapel and crescent moon dangle perilously from a basketball hoop . in a director 's chair far too small for the job be mrs henscher , a impose woman with spectacle and beret who look like she smell of too-much perfume . at the front of the stage wear a pilgrim hat and carry a large scroll , be norman . he be surround by kid whose attempt at home make period costume leave a lot to be desire . paranorman 11 . 14 continued : 14 mrs henscher you stink of illiteracy ! ( a beat ) pilgrim ? the mayflower ? do not any of you know anything about the history of this town ? Mrs henscher try she best to remain unfaze . mrs henscher ( cont 'd ) puritans be strict and devout settler , who come here to build a home , a place without sin . what be it now salma ? salma be hold she hand up . she look like the wick witch of the West . even beneath green makeup and plastic warty nose , it be clear she be not best pleased . salma why be the witch always a hideous old crone with a pointy hat and a broomstick ? I do not believe it 's historically accurate , Mrs henscher ! Mrs henscher 's knuckle clench white around she script . she attempt a understanding smile , in the same way a shark might . mrs henscher it 's not suppose to be . it 's suppose to sell postcard and key chain . ( clap hand ) so let 's try it again . top of page six , norman . norman skip ahead on he scroll . norman the founding father of blithe hollow discover a evil witch amongst they ... mrs henscher no no , norman , with gusto ! like this ! waving she arm theatrically , she bellow norman 's line , milk every syllable for effect . mrs henscher ( cont 'd ) they put she on trial and hang she ! ( more ) paranorman 12. 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 mrs henscher ( cont 'd ) but the vengeful witch curse she accuser , seven of they in all , to die a horrible and gruesome death , and rise from they grave as the live dead ; they soul doom to a eternity of damnation ! ( a beat ) now I want you to try that again , but with conviction ! my reputation be at stake here , and I will not have this turn out like that wretch kabuki debacle of oh-nine ! as she launch into she lecture , norman notice a change in the room . the light dim , the wind outside pick up , and indistinct shape flicker at the corner of he eye . norman glance around at the other kid on the stage , to see if they be see what he be see . for a split second the child be replace with fade figure in real puritan dress . Seven solemn figure . as he turn around nervously , norman see the suggestion of another place fizzing in and out of the shadow ... mrs henscher ( cont 'd ) norman ! be you listen to I , boy ? norman be bring back to the real world with a start , and nod timidly from behind he scroll . norman sorry , Mrs henscher . mrs henscher so be i. now , unless there 's any other issue , let we resume ... they put she on trial and hang she ! Neil turn excitedly to norman . neil ooh ! this be my moment ! he shuffles toward salma and swing he branch around , not realize Alvin have sling the hangman 's noose around norman 's neck . norman be yank off balance and stagger into Neil who keel over , rigid branch arm unable to stop he fall . he land on top of salma , she kick leg stick out from under he as though dorothy 's house have just land on stage . the kid break into uncontrollable laughter . paranorman 13. 14 continued : ( 3 ) 14 alvin boom , baby ! neil sorry ! Mrs henscher fling she script into the air , she face bett red . mrs henscher oh , you useless bunch of ... the school bell ring drown out she howling voice . 15 15 int . school hallway , locker - later as kid hotfoot it out of the building as quickly as possible , norman stand pitiably in front of he locker . Fresh graffiti read " see you tomorrow , freak " . norman head for the door , and pretend not to hear when Neil shout out behind he . neil norman , wait up ! 16 16 ext . MAIN STREET - later norman keep go , but Neil quickly catch up , beam intently at the side of he head . norman I keep tell you , Neil . I like to be alone . neil so do i. let 's do it together ! you should not let they get you down . they always do stuff like that to I . norman why ? neil because I be fat . and my allergy make my eye leak . and I sweat when I walk too fast . and I have a lunchbox with a kitten on it . and I have irritable bowel syndrome . I guess there 's a whole bunch of stuff . norman do not it bother you ? paranorman 14 . 16 continued : 16 neil Nah . you can not stop bully , it 's part of human nature . if you be bigger and more stupid , you would probably be a bully too . it 's call " survival of the thickest " . 17 17 ext . urban STREET - day norman and Neil walk away from the school along a tree line street at the end of which stand a huge commemorative statue . it be a grotesque effigy of the evil witch from the local legend . mr prenderghast ( o.s. ) psssst ! the boy stop . it seem to be come from the witch . neil that statue just " pissst " at we ! Wild -ey Mr prenderghast suddenly leap in front of they , startling they as he stagger closer . mr prenderghast you know who I be ? neil the weird stinky old bum who life up the hill ? mr prenderghast ( point to norman ) I be ask he . norman yes . I know . I be tell not to talk to you . sorry . Mr prenderghast step in front of Neil , lean closer to norman and whisper conspiratorially . mr prenderghast and you know why you be not suppose to talk to I ? norman try to back away . mr prenderghast ( cont 'd ) I can see ghost too ! and I know that 's not all you have be see lately , be it ? bad omen ? thing you can not quite explain ? strange face peer through the veil ? norman 's eye widen further . paranorman 15 . 17 continued : 17 mr prenderghast ( cont 'd ) and I will bet no one tell you about the witch 's curse , do they ? norman actually , we be learn about it in school ..? neil ( beaming proudly ) I be a tree ! Mr prenderghast impatiently turn he back on Neil and lean close to norman . mr prenderghast there 's something you really need to know ! this be the most important thing you will ever hear ! the fate of everyone depend on it ! now listen close ... the witch 's curse be real , and you be the one who have to stop it ! Mr prenderghast grab norman 's arm and lean closer . mr prenderghast ( cont 'd ) you have gotta use you gift of talk to the dead ! he break into a hacking cough , face turn bett red and bloodshot eye bulg . mr prenderghast ( cont 'd ) because if you do not the witch 's ghost ... ( coughing ) and this be the most important thing of all ... you have to go up to the old graveyard and ... neil ( o.s. ) leave he alone ! a apple bounce off Mr prenderghast 's head . he turn to find Neil stand behind they on the path , lunchbox open in he hand provide leftover low - carb ammunition . neil ( cont 'd ) do not make I throw this hummus ! it 's spicy ! Mr prenderghast think better of it and turn to flee the scene . he hiss out of the side of he mouth at norman . paranorman 16 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 mr prenderghast this be not do with ! you will see it soon enough ! watch for the sign ! as he hobble away , Neil peer down the street after the old man . neil jeez , what a dirty old creep ! norman he 's my uncle . neil so be it true ? norman what ? norman just stare at he . neil can you see ghost ? like , everywhere ? all the time ? norman uh , yeah ? neil awesome ! do you think you can see my dog bub ? he be run over by a animal rescue van . tragic and ironic . we bury he in the yard . could you see he ? norman frown disbelievingly , completely take aback . norman maybe . neil sweet ! come on ! 20 20 ext . neil driveway Neil forcibly drag norman up the front driveway of a pastel - paint house . a pair of leg spot in oil stick out from beneath a pimp - up camper van . Neil 's brother mitch call out from under the van . mitch Neil ? that you ? paranorman 17 . 20 continued : 20 neil hey Mitch ! we be gonna go play with the dead dog in the garden and we be not even gonna have to dig he up first ! Mitch sit up . he 's a strapping six - foot jock with tattooe biceps . the kind of guy who wear year - round flip-flop . mitch what would you say ? Mitch pull he brother aside so as to exclude norman , who stand awkwardly a little way away , surround by cheery lawn ornament and ineptly manicure topiary . mitch ( cont 'd ) Neil , be not he that weird kid ? y'know , " look at I , I talk to ghost so people will pay attention to I . " Mitch make a goofy face and twitches farcically . neil can you stop do that ? it 's kinda stupid . mitch now listen to I , you do not need to be hang out with weird people . that 's a tip . Neil scowl at he brother . neil do not blow this for I , Mitch . this one 's not weird . he talk to dead people . Neil have have enough and defiantly walk away from he brother . 21 21 ext . neil be garden - later Neil rummages around in the bush of he back yard , surround by a gloriously tasteless menagerie of lawn ornament . norman stand slightly to one side surveying the row of plastic gnome and wonder if he should have go straight home after all . neil he 's around here somewhere ... ( a beat ) so do everyone come back as a ghost ? paranorman 18. 21 continued : 21 norman hesitates . this level of interest be new to he . norman no . my grandma tell I it 's usually people who still have stuff to figure out . or sometimes it 's the one who die suddenly , or in a bad way . a bark , and norman turn to see a translucent puppy wag its tail cheerfully , despite be chop neatly into two halve . norman ( cont 'd ) bub ? neil be he there ? how 's he look ? bub bark , then he front half notice he tail and run behind to sniff he own backside . norman uh ... good . bub bound over to Neil , run clean through he chubby calve , then double back for another try . norman ( cont 'd ) he 's happy to see you . neil ( " doggy " voice ) who 's a good boy , huh ? good boy ! ( to norman ) can he feel it if I pet he ? norman yeah , I guess . Neil bend over and kiss the air by he ankle , make a " coochy - coo " face . norman ( cont 'd ) uh ... that 's not he chin . Neil stop mid-smooch , and quickly stand up . norman watch as Neil pick up a stick and wave it in front of bub 's nose , even though he can not see he . neil go get it ! norman he can not fetch it , y'know . paranorman 19 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 neil yeah well , it 's still fun . good boy ! bring it back ! go get it , bub ! good boy ! close on norman as he watch Neil toss the stick back and forth across the garden . the stick land near he foot and he bend down to pick it up . neil ( cont 'd ) why do not you try ? norman ` cos I do not really , uh ... you can go . neil no , no , it 's fun ! try it ! norman no I do not want to . neil you throw it . it 's really easy . norman no it 's okay . you can throw it . neil no , c'mon , it 's really fun . norman here . you go first . neil no , you try it . I already go like fifty time . norman okay , what do I do ? neil you get the stick , you pull it back , and you throw it ! norman throw it and accidentally hit Neil in the head , knock he over . norman Neil ? sorry ! as norman run over to he , Neil lie on he back giggling , the stick hold between he tooth . neil I fetch it ! paranorman 20. 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 close on norman , as a smile creep across he face and he start to laugh . norman be you okay ? CUT wide as the two kid enjoy they play , the sun above they break through the cloud in a bright blue sky . 28 28 int . mr prenderghast's house , study - night panting and wheeze , Mr prenderghast stagger into he study , slam the door behind he and head for he desk . mr prenderghast I will show he , and that scary little fat kid ... he shakily rummages around the collect papers and trinket , and pull out the leather bound book , all the time grumbling crazily . mr prenderghast ( cont 'd ) do not he realize we be run out of t... with a strangle croak he clutches dizzily at he chest , then keel over backwards , stiffly hit the floor with a thump . silence , then , a stream of spectral orb sputter out of he , sculpting he shape in the air . with a gasp , Mr prenderghast 's corpse suck the spirit back in , and he stagger back to he foot . mr prenderghast ( cont 'd ) no ! not yet ! not yet ! he croak again , this time for real , crashing back down onto the ground . the ghostly shape re-emerges from the body . he blink he eye , look around as if he 's just be wake from a deep sleep , then down at the defunct body lie at he foot . prenderghast ghost aw , nut . paranorman 21. 29 ext . school - night 29 lit by spotlight , a large banner over the entrance read , " the witch curse - present by blithe hollow middle school drama society - write , produce and direct for the stage by margot henscher " . a notice beneath it read " spelling bee - next wensday " . a chorus of kid ' voice can be hear singing from inside , belting out a operatic rendition of donovan 's " season of the witch " . 30 30 int . school gymnasium - same row of plastic chair in front of the spotlit stage be occupy by expectant family . among the sea of faintly buzzing video camera , and a ripple of applause , Sandra politely smile at the act talent of other people ' child . next to she , perry struggle to fit a battery into he camera . perry babcock great , now we will never get to remember this moment . angle on stage as salma , in full witch get - up , wave she hand theatrically at the other child . salma I curse you accuser to die a horrible and gruesome death and rise from you grave as the live dead ; you soul doom to a eternity of damnation ! the pilgrim who be not die and rise from the dead begin to menace salma with they farming implement , and begin a slow ominous chant . kide kill the witch ! kill the witch ! Sandra nudge she husband and cheerily point toward the stage . sandra babcock gosh , be not they adorable ? norman hear a hooting sound from above . a owl with big glow eye wheel down over the audience from the beam of the gymnasium . norman glance around , wonder why no one else seem to notice as it glide low and alight in the papier mache branch on Neil 's head . it turn to norman and hoot . paranorman 22. 30 continued : 30 he look down from it and catch Neil 's eye . Neil make a puzzle expression . neil what ? kide kill the witch ! kill the witch ! the chant seem to deepen and slur and the air grow dark and thick . the shape of the audience and the kid beside he swim around , blur like a finger pull through oil paint . the ceiling disintegrate into cloud , which crackle with lightning . norman ( under he breath ) oh no ! not again ! all around tree have sproute out of nowhere , and through the darkness in the distance be occasional light of small house . this might be how this very spot look three century ago . 31 31 ext . old forest - night as norman turn on the spot gasping , he hear a rustle in the bush behind he and spot several dark and ominous figure in pilgrim clothing scour the undergrowth . puritan witch ! we know you be out there ! norman stand on a twig which , naturally , crack loudly , and the figure turn around and point at he . puritan ( cont 'd ) there ! norman no ! puritan witch . more figure emerge from out of the darkness , wield hayfork . they shout threateningly and , as one man , surge toward he . norman turn and run . the tree around he be shifting , but there 's no wind blow the branch . limb groan as they twist , bear down on he like rag talon try to stop he escape . soon he can run no further , the way ahead tangle up into a wall of thorny finger . paranorman 23. 31 continued : 31 norman find himself push up against the trunk of a huge tree , and a knothole grimace at he , wood split open into a hag-like mouth . it furrow a mossy brow and speak in a low rumbling voice . tree the dead be come ! norman gasp and try to push himself away , but the pursue figure be draw closer , and there 's no escape . a familiar voice whisper out of nowhere . neil ( o.s. ) hey buddy ! be you okay ? norman turn around to find the knothole be now Neil 's face , bulg out of the side of the tree with a look of concern . this be the last straw , and norman scream . 32 32 int . school gymnasium - night norman stand next to Neil on stage , eye close and wailing . everyone around he stare in stunne silence as , still scream , he run into the spotlight . norman the dead be coming ! he continue run directly off the edge of the stage and land on the floor with a thump . for a moment no one know quite how to react . Mrs henscher quizzically check she script . norman 's eye focus and he see everyone stand around he , stare . Sandra push through the crowd . sandra babcock norman ! mitch do he say the dead be come ? perry babcock ( nervous laughing ) no , no , no ! norman yes ! everyone jump as norman abruptly sit up , eye wild . norman ( cont 'd ) the tree tell I ! paranorman 24. 32 continued : 32 perry 's face drain of color while the other parent murmur and mutter , crowd speak for " what a weirdo " . norman see they expression of disgust and suspicion . worst of all , peer around parent ' leg with a look of shock and fear be Neil . norman catch he eye a moment , and Neil look down at the ground . 33 33 int . station wagon - later barely keep he fury in check , perry drive home , norman sit despondently in the back seat . perry babcock this be where it stop ! it 's one thing be a mental case in front of you family , but not the whole freaking town ! there 's not gonna be any more talk to ghost , or grandmas , or , or ... what be it now ? sandra babcock I think it 's tree . perry babcock you be ground ! you hear I ? perry pull the car up in the babcock 's drive and gruffly climb out of the car . norman this be ridiculous . I wish everyone could see what I see ! I do not ask to be bear this way ! perry mutter as he slam he door shut . perry babcock funny , neither do we . norman catch the remark and feel it hard in he gut . his mother hear it too , and lean over she seat with a look of sympathy . a beat as she see the pain in she son 's face . sandra babcock y'know , sometimes people say thing that seem mean , but they do it because they be afraid . norman he 's my dad . he should not be afraid of I . paranorman 25 . 33 continued : 33 Sandra 's eye be fill with sorrow . sandra babcock he 's not afraid of you . he 's afraid for you . sadly , norman climb out of the car . 35 35 ext . school - afternoon ominous cloud roll long shadow over the school building . norman stand at the bottom of the school step , try to prepare himself for what he know be go to be a bad day . he steel himself , and sigh . 35a 35 a int . school hallway - morning norman walk the familiar gauntlet of school kid , only this time the abuse be tenfold . kid # 1 look ! it 's abnorman ! kid # 2 what would the tree tell you today , norman ? kid # 3 be the dead come soon , norman ? int . school bathroom - continuous 36 36 a overhead bulb cast a dim light over chip wall tile and yellow ceramic sink with leaky faucet . the door open and norman hurry inside , a number of voice still shout behind he . he shut the door , cut they off , and lean against it , take a breath . he head over to the first stall . the door be lock , so he take the next one . close on Alvin , sit on the toilet in the next stall scribbling obscenity on the wall to pass the time . he pause as he hear the lid drop next door , then resume he vandalism . norman sit on the lid of the toilet , pull he knee up under he chin feel sorry for himself . paranorman 26. 36 continued : 36 angle on toilet paper in a industrial - size roll . it jitter on its mount and begin to turn slowly on its own , unspool sheet by sheet toward the floor . norman frown and watch as it stop unravel and a draught of wind blow out of nowhere , ruffling he hair . the toilet roll suddenly spin violently , fling the paper into the air in ream . the screw hold the dispenser to the wall rattle fiercely . the toilet underneath norman begin to shake and shudder , spilling water over the floor . norman wail loudly as he jump onto the back of the cistern . Alvin be freeze in place in he stall , hearing the noise and really not sure how to react to they . he glance down and see toilet water leak across the tile . he quickly pull up he pants to cover he dignity , and jump up off the toilet with a squeal . in norman 's stall everything stop dead and the lid of the toilet slowly creak open . norman gasp as Mr prenderghast 's face stare up at he out of the toilet bowl . with some effort the old man' ghost shimmy out of the toilet , eventually popping out like a cork from a bottle , hover in the air in front of norman 's face . norman you die ?! prenderghast ghost yeah , but I get unfinish business here ! norman ew ! could not you use another stall ? prenderghast ghost my ghost be not go anywhere until I pass on my duty to another ! and that would be you ! norman I ? no , you must have it wrong ! prenderghast ghost oh it 's you all right ! I have be hold back the witch 's curse for year , but now I be dead . it have to be you ! norman but I ... I do not know what any of it mean ! paranorman 27. 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 before norman 's eye the bathroom stall and everything beyond it be rip away , revealing thick undergrowth and tall tree . norman be suddenly sit on the toilet in the middle of a forest . prenderghast ghost it mean the past be come back to haunt you ! time be run out ! the anniversary of the witch 's death be tonight . her ghost be go to wake up , and when she do she will raise the dead ! you gotta keep she in she grave ! the toilet paper on the ground twist up beneath norman 's foot , sculpting skull face and clutching hand that reach for he as he shrink back . norman but I be just a kid ! how be I suppose to stop it ? in a instant the air and tree around he be eat away , the school bathroom reappearing through the hole . prenderghast ghost read from the book at the spot the witch be bury ! norman what book ? prenderghast ghost the one in my hand ! norman look at the ghost 's wispy hand . prenderghast ghost ( cont 'd ) not this hand , my other hand ! the I that 's at home in my study start to smell a little funny ! norman look sick and overwhelm , but the ghost do not let up , swirl right up to he face . prenderghast ghost ( cont 'd ) get the book and read from it ! before the sun set tonight ! norman but this be crazy ! prenderghast ghost do I look crazy to you ? norman pause a beat . Mr prenderghast be float upside down , various bit of bathroom detritus orbit around he . a piece of toilet paper dangle off he nose . paranorman 28. 36 continued : ( 3 ) 36 prenderghast ghost ( cont 'd ) tell I you will do this ! norman I ... I ... prenderghast ghost swear ! norman y- you mean like the " for " word ? prenderghast ghost I mean promise ! norman okay , okay , I promise ... prenderghast ghost that will do ! Mr prenderghast 's ghost begin to disappear , bubbling and melting at the edge like a burn photograph . norman no ! Mr prenderghast , wait ! Alvin , hearing only norman 's voice , gingerly peek around the corner of he stall . prenderghast ghost sorry kid , I be do here ! I be free ! I be finally free ! norman wait ! no , you can not leave now ! please ! I do not understand . Mr prenderghast hang in the air a moment , face scrunch up as he await he release , cackling crazily . the ghost explode into a million particle of light , blow open the stall door and catapult Alvin backwards across the room . the mirror behind he crack and the light bulb shatter . from the floor , Alvin groggily look up and see norman frame in the stall with the door hang off its hinge . he reach over and flush the toilet . norman ( cont 'd ) uh ... yeah . you might want to give that a few minute . he grab he bag and run out of the room . paranorman 29 . 40 int . school hallway , locker - continuous 40 norman sprint madly for the main door , pass Neil and salma who glance up from they locker as he stumble by . neil norman ? Alvin tear around the corner in pursuit , but Neil stand in he way , wave he arm indignantly . neil ( cont 'd ) hey ! what 's the big deal ? alvin do not get you bra in a twist , fat boy , this have nothing to do with you ! keep out of my way ! neil or what ? alvin or I will punch you in the boob ! neil I do not have boob . this be pectoral ! Alvin jab he in the chest . neil ( cont 'd ) ow ! my boob ! Neil swiftly step aside . Alvin reach the door to see norman disappear along the path as fast as he can . Alvin yell after he . alvin you be dead , freakshow ! do you hear I ? d-e-d! dead ! you be gonna be so dead you be gonna have to talk to yourself when you be dead ! 41 41 int . babcock' house , live room - early evening wearing she fanciest dress , Sandra bustles out of the kitchen to the front door . perry babcock I really do not think we should be leave he . sandra babcock perry , you promise I a meal that someone else microwave . paranorman 30 . 41 continued : 41 perry babcock he 's probably up there right now fiddling with he ouija , or he orb , or whatever it be he 's get up there . this be not good . 42 42 int . babcock' house , norman' bedroom - early evening norman pace he room look pale and anxious as he hear the front door shut downstairs . everywhere he turn he find himself face to face with some zombie related novelty , from he lurid horror poster to he shelf of ghoulish action figure , and it 's not do anything for he nerve . his cell phone beeps from he pocket , give he a start . he take it out and read a text ; " come to the window " . norman cautiously walk over and peer around the edge of the window frame . a figure stand motionless in the yard below , sheet of laundry billow off the clothes line beside it . it stare up at norman through the blank eye hole of a hockey mask . norman gasp and jump back . with a frown , he re-emerges and open the window . the figure lift the mask , and Neil beam out from underneath , wave excitedly . neil you wanna play some hockey ? norman sigh . norman I have kinda get other thing on my mind right now . Neil look a little uncomfortable . neil be it all that walk dead stuff again ? norman Mr prenderghast appear to I in the bathroom ! neil ew . paranorman 31 . 42 continued : 42 norman no , he spirit ! he say the witch 's curse be real and I have to go up to the old graveyard to stop it ! before the sun set tonight ! Neil shift uneasily as he process . neil so you wanna come play a bit later ? norman do not you hear what I just say ?! neil yeah , but I think my idea be less likely to get we eat . norman know he 's on he own in this . norman just go home , Neil . I be better off on my own anyway . neil but ... norman go home ! norman reach up and close the window . Neil 's shoulder sag and he turn away . across the room , he grandma materialize , and squint she eye through the window as Neil awkwardly pull himself over the garden fence . grandma babcock jeez , who rattle you chain ? norman no one . norman be not in the mood for any more discussion . norman ( cont 'd ) dad say I be not suppose to talk to you any more , grandma . grandma babcock jackass . if I be a poltergeist I would throw something at he head . y'know , by rights I be suppose to be frolick in paradise with you grandfather , but I be not . paranorman 32. 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 norman look up as she drift closer to the bed . norman so why do you stay ? grandma babcock I be never one for frolick . I will bet there 's no cable or canasta up there either . besides , I promise I would always look out for you . she smile , float in a sit position at the end of norman 's bed . she bob gently , like a balloon . for a second , this seem to comfort norman , but then another think cross he mind . norman so it 's you ... duty ? grandma babcock in a manner of speak ... norman and you would do it no matter what ? grandma babcock of course . norman even if it be something really scary ... grandma eye he curiously . grandma babcock there 's nothing wrong with be scared norman , so long as you do not let it change who you be . norman think this over , then smile up at she again . she go to rub he head affectionately , but she ghost hand just pass right through he spiky hair . she give he a wink , and drift away through the wall . he be still scared , but now determine too . he steel himself and grab he jacket from he bed . 43 43 int . babcock' house , courtney' bedroom - continuous the tiny room be cramme full of poster , pom-pom , plush toy and plastic trophy . pretty much everything be pink . Courtney sit talk on she phone , cotton bud between she toe as she paint nail dry . paranorman 33. 43 continued : 43 courtney so I say to she , " girl , come back and talk to I when you basket toss get twelve thousand hit on YouTube ! " yeah , no , I say that . ( listen and nod ) yeah , I be stick on lame patrol . tonight 's gonna be a total yawn . from downstairs , a door slam . Courtney frown , put she hand over the phone and shout out . courtney ( cont 'd ) norman ?! 44 44 ext . babcock' house , front yard - moment later beneath a florid evening sky , the babcock 's drive be in darkness . pedal furiously , norman ride he bike out of the shadow into the light of the street . courtney ( o.s. ) you better not be sneaking out you little weirdo ! 45 45 ext . suburban STREET - continuous on a street corner two teenage girl approach Alvin and pug , who have laid out a breakdance mat and a beatbox and be do they best to impress . Alvin imagine he be wow the girl with he krumping , he ham - like limb fly around and pug holler support , but in truth they watch in morbid fascination . a faint clatter sound down the road grow louder . norman suddenly thunder past they on he bike , spin Alvin on the spot and knock he onto he butt . show over , Alvin blunder to he foot , he eye follow norman 's trajectory up the dark road , and growls . 46 ext . wooded lane , mr prenderghast's house - early evening 46 tall conifer rise up high on either side of the road , now little more than a dirt track . norman pedal up the hill and swerve , skid to a stop in the gravel . he climb off the bike , eye fix on a ramshackle house partially hide in the foliage , its porch door swinging and creaking eerily in the breeze . he cautiously advance past a crooked mailbox on which be write " prenderghast " , and step onto the wooden porch . paranorman 34 . 47 int . mr prenderghast's house , hallway - continuous 47 the fade light of day spill across the floorboard and fade wallpaper of a long passage . norman hello ? Mr prenderghast ? mote of dust float around norman as he move slowly toward a door , slightly ajar , mutter to himself . he quietly make he way past all manner of object that epitomize the state of Mr prenderghast 's mind ; a mannequin in a shopping cart , a pile of break typewriter , a suspend bag of spoon , a closet full of identically soile hobo suit , a Nordic track ... 48 48 int . prenderghast's house , study - continuous the study be fill with teeter pile of junk and old furniture drape over in dust sheet . a crucifix hang over a metal cot with rumple bedding . this be evidently where the old man live he whole life . starlight from a window pick out a macabre halo on a shape on the floor : Mr prenderghast , dead where he fall , tightly clutching a leather - bound book . close on norman 's face as he swallow nervously and step closer to the body . he gingerly take hold of the book and give a gentle tug . it hold fast in the rigor mortis grasp . he tug harder , shaking the book repeatedly , the corpse shaking with it . norman let go ! norman spend several strenuous moment drag the body across the floorboard , Mr prenderghast 's head glance off table leg and smack repeatedly against the floorboard , as norman try to wrestle the book free . with a final yank the book pull loose and , gasping , norman grip the book to he chest and run to the door . 49 49 ext . wooded lane , mr prenderghast's house - same norman careen through the door , leap off the porch and sprint along the wood lane up the hill , watch by Alvin , conceal behind some bush . 50 50 ext . wooded hilltop , old chapel graveyard - later norman emerge from the wood , he long shadow precede he as the sun begin its descent behind the tall tree . paranorman 35 . 50 continued : 50 he pause and stare out across weathered tombstone poke out amidst tangles of thorns . clutch the book tight , norman wrench open the heavy gate , its rusted padlock crumble apart . eventually the track run up to a stone slab surround on either side by thick bramble . norman brushes aside vine and read a epitaph engrave into the stone ; " here lie buried the seven victims of the blithe hollow curse . may you soul find eventual and everlasting salvation . 1712 . " norman push through the thick bush into a secluded plot of land behind the slab with seven gravestone stick out from the undergrowth . norman this be it ! the sun continue its descent , casting a ever lengthen shadow of treetop across the graveyard . norman ( cont 'd ) read from the book , stop the curse , go home and pretend this never happen . norman steel himself , open the book and start to read . norman ( cont 'd ) " once upon a time , in a far- off land there live a king and queen in a magnificent castle ... " he pause , confuse by what he 's read . norman ( cont 'd ) what ? a fairy ... tale ...? a hand reach over he shoulder from nowhere , whipping the book out of he grasp . he spin around to find Alvin stand behind he . alvin what ya get there , geekula ? norman launch himself at the book , but Alvin hold he back at arm 's length . norman give it back ! alvin can not wait to see everybody 's face when they hear about this one ! paranorman 36 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 norman no , do not ! Alvin ! alvin hey ! nobody make I miss out on a possible date with a girl that almost have some interest in talk to I . yeah ? think so ! you get nothin ' to say ! norman uh-oh . alvin dang straight " uh - oh " . that 's what happen when Alvin get around here . uh-oh be that Alvin ? uh-oh Alvin 's gonna make I run home to mommy . as norman twist and wrestle against the bully the turbulent cloud in the sky above they twist and coalesce into the vague semblance of a huge grin face . the face of a witch . there be a enormous rumble and a flash of lightning silhouettes the boy . alvin ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . what be that ? the wind have pick up , howling through the gravestone . norman look at the face leer out of the cloud . norman it 's she ! another violent crack of thunder and flash of light , and the wind instantly cut out . the boy stand stock still . reaching down like a colossal arm , a great plume of cloud spiral over the cemetery , envelop the tumbledown chapel and seeping around the gravestone . finger of murky fog slither across the ground , occasionally pause and hang in the air as though sniff it . there be something eerily playful in the movement of the tendril . the boy be jolted as a awful high pitch scream blow through the graveyard like a shockwave , pulsing through the fog like a heartbeat . norman and Alvin cover they ear and cower as the fog suddenly rear up like a claw and fiercely gouge into the earth in front of the boy . paranorman 37 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 silence , then the ground begin to rumble beneath they foot and ripple beneath the tombstone . Stone slab grind and shift . one crack right through the center . alvin what 's that sound ? norman watch , horrify , as the wet earth atop one of the grave split and a skeletal hand burst through ! norman watch as more grave bulge and break open and mud-encrust shape begin to emerge through the earth . the air be fill with anguish moaning , the glow fog dance and whirling about the hatching figure . the two boy be roote to the spot , mouth hang open . close on one of the figure crawl out of the ground into a patch of moonlight . ragged and rotten it wear the mud-encrust clothes of a colonial puritan . it stare down at its hand , almost in disbelief , then lift its face up to the sky and let out a howl . Thunder that sound like deep and abysmal laughter echoe through the turbulent cloud . the boy find themselves back up against another headstone , this one engrave with the name " judge hopkin " . they leap aside as the ground swell beneath they foot , and the dead judge punch through the dirt , bolt upright . his face wear a rictus grin and he loom over the boy like the grim reaper in a powder wig . he tilt he head curiously when he see the book in Alvin 's hand , and hiss through yellow tooth . norman make a last ditch attempt at read the book as the Dead judge approach , the other zomby gather behind he . norman once upon a time in a far-off ... once upon a ... in a ... alvin make it stop right now , please ! norman it 's not work ! the Dead judge give a hideous growl , but norman frown , confuse , because he can hear word . dead judge stop !... you ... must ... stop ! paranorman 38. 50 continued : ( 4 ) 50 alvin norman ? what be you do ? I think I peed my pants ! survival instinct finally kick in and Alvin make a run for it , scramble through the grave toward the gate . norman wait ! norman follow , leapfrogge over headstone . 52 52 int . neil be house , live room - continuous Neil sit on the floor in front of a huge tv , remote control in hand , as the doorbell ring loudly from the hall . mitch ( o.s. ) Neil ! will you get the door ? neil I be busy ! mitch ( o.s. ) be you freeze - frame Mom 's aerobics dvd again ? angle on tv , with a still image of a lycra-clad instructor bend over . Neil quickly turn it off . neil no ! the doorbell ring again . mitch ( o.s. ) Neil ! would it kill you to get off you butt and answer the door ? 53 53 I /e. neil driveway , front porch - continuous courtney I be gonna kill they . she impatiently lean down to push open the mail slot . courtney ( cont 'd ) I know you be in there ! slumber party 's over , dork ! the door open and she find herself face to navel with Mitch , out of the shower with a towel around he waist . paranorman 39 . 53 continued : 53 mitch um , can I help you ? courtney ( under she breath ) Hell yeah . Courtney catch herself and quickly affect a laugh . courtney ( cont 'd ) sorry to bug you so late , but do , erm ... ( check page in hand ) ... Neil live here ? mitch yeah , he 's my brother . courtney oh wow ! that 's great ! you brother and my brother be like best friend ! I be Courtney . she try to regain she composure as Mitch turn away . mitch hey Neil ! you come here a minute ? there 's a girl ask for you . Neil 's face emerge dubiously from a room down the hall . Courtney flash she widest fake grin and put on a high pitch sing - song voice . courtney hey there ! how ya doin ' ... little guy ... neil Neil ? courtney yeah , Neil . do you know where norman be ? he kinda disappear . neil oh no ... ( catch himself ) ...idea ! I have no idea where he be . sorry . bye ! Neil go to turn around but he brother stop he short . mitch whoa , Neil ! better start talk , buddy . paranorman 40. 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 neil I do not really think he be serious about go up to the old graveyard on he own ! courtney so norman ! mitch oh , man . that place be bad news ! total slasher movie vibe ! why would he go up there ? neil I do not know . maybe we should go look for he . mitch I tell you he be trouble . ( to courtney ) sorry . but I do . courtney no , it 's fine . he suck . but I really gotta make sure he do not die or anything tonight . will you help I ? please ? Mitch get a eyeful of she best damsel in distress act , then sigh . mitch okay ... I guess I should go get some clothes on . Courtney give a disappointed whine as he head off down the hall , shove Neil 's head as he go . neil uh , be norman in trouble ? 54 54 int . mr prenderghast's house , hallway - later the front door be kick open and norman and a near hysterical Alvin rush inside , slamm and lock the door behind they . alvin be they gonna try to eat we brain ?! norman I think you will be safe . alvin oh , thank God ! paranorman 41. 54 continued : 54 he manage to think this through , and frown . Alvin watch curiously as norman turn he attention to the book , frown as he run he hand over the emboss leather cover . norman I do not get it ! why do not it work ? he open the book and leaf through page after page of ornate calligraphy and woodcut illustration . norman ( cont 'd ) " the Story of sleep beauty " . this do not make any sense ! his mind racing , norman head off along the hallway . alvin wait ! where be you go ? 56 56 int . mr prenderghast's house , study - continuous the room remain as before , with Mr prenderghast 's corpse lie on the floor . norman enter with purpose and approach it , leave Alvin horrify in the doorway . norman crouch low over the body , hold the book out in front of Mr prenderghast 's blank eye . norman Mr prenderghast , I do not understand ! tell I what to do ! alvin dude , what be you do ? norman ( point to corpse ) he tell I to read from the book to stop the curse ! I think it be a spell or something , but ... norman narrow he eye as he see Mr prenderghast 's desk , still strewn with picture and newspaper clipping . he hurry over and begin rummage through the mess , scatter papers across the floor . norman ( cont 'd ) come on ! there have to be something ... alvin I really need to get home ! I have get like a seriously early curfew . ( more ) paranorman 42. 56 continued : 56 alvin ( cont 'd ) my mom get really upset when I be not ... something clunk loudly from down the hall , send Alvin into a desperate babbling panic . alvin ( cont 'd ) we gotta defend ourselves ! we gotta shoot they in the head with like silver stake or something ! I be way too awesome to get eat ! norman , be you listen to I ? you really have to do something ! norman uncover a couple of fade photograph of the old graveyard . one be of the seven tombstone , the other be of the stone marker , which read " here lie buried the seven victims of the witch curse ... " beside the photo be a tear page from a old book . a engrave illustrate the seven member of the witch 's trial , solemnly seat at a bench within the courthouse . norman Seven victim ... frown , norman glance up and see a page from a old book tack to the wall . it be a illustration of a hideous old crone , cackle evilly . another thump from down the hall . norman look again from the photograph in he hand to the image of the old witch . there 's something he 's not see ... he look at the picture in front of he . grave . juror . witch . norman ( cont 'd ) Seven grave . ( eye widen ) the witch 's grave ! it be not there ! he turn to Alvin . norman ( cont 'd ) I be read the book in the wrong place ! down the hallway , another loud thump . norman ( cont 'd ) hide ! paranorman 43. 57 int . mr prenderghast's house , hallway - continuous 57 close on the door knob rattling furiously , then a crack as a mottle hand punch it right through the wood . a figure limp slowly into the hallway , drag one crippled foot behind the other . it stop halfway along and tilt its head , as if listen , and emit a dire moan . more shape appear behind it in the doorway and fan out along the hallway . 58 58 int . mr prenderghast's house , study - continuous the boy tremble in they hide place try not to make a sound ; Alvin crouch behind a stack of book and norman lie underneath the bed . the footstep grow louder as the zomby shuffle into the room . norman be Pov - rotten leg step up to Mr prenderghast 's body , lie where he fall on the floorboard . two withere foot suddenly step right up to the bed . something drop onto the floor inch in front of norman 's face with a unpleasant slap . norman 's eye bug out as he realize it be a zombie 's dislodge ear . a weltere arm reach down to grope around for the body part , until norman push the ear , as carefully as he can manage , back into the zombie 's finger . the hand retreat back out from under the bed . there be a loud scream as Alvin , unable to contain himself any longer , jump out from he hide place and make for the door . the corpse look up as he disappear down the hall , then stagger after he . norman take this chance to follow , but the Dead judge block he exit . they both stand quite still , stare into each other ' eye . the corpse tilt its head , almost quizzically , and its eye widen as it notice the book under he arm . norman step sideways to run past it , but the corpse do too . both it and norman step one way , then the other , and back again . norman feign one direction and quickly bolt in the other , past the corpse and out the door . 59 59 int . mr prenderghast's house , hallway - continuous Alvin reach the front door and throw it open . directly in front of he be another zombie on the doorstep , open a mouth full of jag tooth . Alvin scream like a little girl , smack it ineffectually with he spatula , and the door be abruptly slammed in the zombie 's face , a surprised and muffle groan come from the other side . paranorman 44. 59 continued : 59 Alvin , still scream , look down to see norman beside he , lean against the door . the Dead judge lead the advance of zomby down the hall toward they . norman hear he moan . norman swing the door back open , the zombie on the other side move with it , tooth firmly embed in the wood . as it attempt to pry itself free , norman grab Alvin by the arm and they both dart onto the porch behind its back , head for the road . norman come on ! 60 60 int . mitch be van - same Mitch drive along dark road . Neil sit behind he look bemuse while Courtney , in the front passenger seat , extol she life history . courtney and she say I could totally consider a career in formation swim . but I be like , " I wanna do something that help people less fortunate than I " , thank you very much , y'know , like the poor or people who be like die or ugly or something , `cuz I really think that ecology and world peace be like totally important today . do you use free weight ? you deltoid be huge . mitch I have never use deltoid in my life , I swear . you can test I . Neil lie back in he seat , eye roll . neil kill I now . courtney thank you for do this Mitch . he mean a awful lot to I . I love he like he be a brother . neil he be you brother . Courtney counter the backseat barb by smile demurely , but Mitch 's attention have be draw by something else . mitch whoa ! look at that sky ! paranorman 45 . 60 continued : 60 the wood hill rise steeply a few mile in front of they , and at its top be the old chapel . press down upon it , huge seethe thundercloud shift into otherworldly shape . Mitch and Courtney be mesmerize . Neil suddenly point past Mitch 's face . neil look out ! Mitch slam on the break , twist the wheel . mitch oh no ! 61 61 I /e. mitch be van on wooded road - continuous running down the middle of the road , blind by the glare of the van 's headlight , be Alvin and norman . the van swerve around they and graze the tree , the side mirror fly off as it hit a branch . Mitch fight to control the van as Courtney scream . neil that be norman ! shaken , Mitch realize another figure be loom out of the darkness in front of they . he slam on the brake again , but too late . the tall dirty - look figure stand stock still as the van plow straight into he . Dust fly up from the wheel of the van as it skid to a eventual stop in the center of the road . 62 62 int . mitch be van - continuous Mitch turn to everyone as he pull off he seat belt . mitch be everyone okay ? Courtney and Neil answer in unison , both of they upside down in they seat with they leg stick up in the air . courtney neil no ! no ! Mitch , try to stay calm , look in he rear-view mirror and see a prone shape on the ground some yard back . paranorman 46. 63 ext . wooded road - continuous 63 Mitch climb out of the van and see the figure lie still on the moonlit road . he nervously jog over to it . as he get closer , Mitch can see the man more clearly . he be wrap in filthy tatter clothing of a bygone era and be cover in dirt . fly buzz around he . mitch er ... hello , sir ? he hunker down and be immediately hit by the stench . a mud-encrust face stare up at he . angle on the van , as Courtney lean she head out . courtney be he dead or what ? mitch I ... I do not know ! he 's not move ! the figure 's head let out a faint gasp . mitch ( cont 'd ) he 's still breathe ! Mitch reach out to gently lift the figure 's head but as he do , there be a crunch and it come off in he hand . courtney so he 's okay ? mitch uh ... not exactly . courtney what ? what do you just say ? Mitch look from the head back to the van , then at the head again . he lick he lip nervously as he think . mitch do anyone know cpr ? further down the road , norman run back toward the van , Alvin still in tow . he see Mitch ahead of he , get dizzily to he foot , still hold the head . norman run ! the head in Mitch 's hand suddenly gasp again , open its mouth . Mitch shriek as the headless figure on the road sit up and reach out its arm . Mitch drop kick it like a football . it fly , wailing , into the bush . paranorman 47. 63 continued : 63 as if strike by the same blow , the rest of the corpse stagger backwards . Alvin and norman run past he toward the van , bustling past Courtney and clamber inside . more corpse be emerge from the tree on either side of the road . she scream and leap back into the van , as Mitch leap into the driver 's seat beside she . 64 64 int . mitch be van - continuous mitch do you see that ? courtney that be insane ! mitch I know , right ? I kick that like a hundred yard ! courtney norman , what just happen ?! alvin Zomby ! I swear , okay ? we see they burst out of they grave ! for real ! he realize Mitch and Courtney be stare at he , and try to disguise he raw panic with nonchalance . alvin ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( to courtney ) just so you know , I totally save he life , and I could totally save yours . courtney ( o.s. ) sorry , who be you ? alvin ( o.s. ) I be Alvin . I be in he class . norman , not so easily distract from the problem at hand as the other , glance uneasily through the window . norman' Pov - the zomby lurch arthritically toward the van , groaning and gurgling . norman uh , guy ... maybe we should actually drive away now . mitch oh , right . paranorman 48. 64 continued : 64 Mitch start the engine with a yell , just as the nearest zombie leer in through the window . 65 ext . wooded road - continuous 65 close on the front wheel , spin and squealing . the van spit out a cloud of exhaust fume as it accelerate away . a beat as the smoke clear . the soot - cover zomby splutter as they cough up what 's leave of they lung . they turn from one to the other , await direction from they leader . but the Dead judge be nowhere to be see . a zombie point down the wind road where the wood eventually thin out into leafy suburban drive . the rag shape of the judge be cling to the back of the van , thrashing around and wailing as it pick up speed . the zomby quietly watch until the van move out of sight behind the tree , then turn they attention to the light of the town center below they . they weigh up they option and , moaning , shuffle toward civilization . 69 69 ext . suburban street - night further down the hill , sheriff hooper be take a break from tickete borderline traffic violation by drink a giant malt shake in a plastic cup . she lean against she park motorcycle , squinting up at the unnatural cloud . sheriff hooper pesky kid with they cell phone burn up the oh-zone , that 's what this be ! she finish she shake and throw the non-recyclable cup into the bush . Mitch 's van shoot past at high speed in a cloud of dust . sheriff hooper ( cont 'd ) what the ..? hooper watch the van tear away , the dark shape of the Dead judge visibly cling to the back door , he voluminous cape flap out behind he like a windsock . 70 70 ext . wooded road , mitch be van - continuous unseen by the kid , the Dead judge claw he way up the rear door of the van by he rag fingernails . paranorman 49 . 71 int . mitch be van - continuous 71 Courtney let out a infuriate growl . courtney I just know something like this be go to happen tonight ! mitch you do ? wow , ico that zombie bit really throw I . Courtney turn in she seat and glare at she brother . courtney why d' you have to go and get everyone involved in all you weird stuff ?! norman well , you be not suppose to follow I , be you ? neil sorry . my fault . when I be nervous I get mouth diarrhoea . alvin ha ha ! diarrhoea ! courtney oh my gosh , I think I be have a aneurism ! this be so typical of you ! norman you do not understand ! I be the only one who can stop this , Courtney ! courtney oh , I understand ! I understand that this be all get completely out of ... the van 's sunroof be suddenly rip open , and the Dead judge 's arm reach down into the vehicle , claw inch above Courtney 's head . courtney ( cont 'd ) ... hand ! the Dead judge lean further into the van , moaning horribly . he seem to have he sight set on norman , and reach one arm down toward norman and the book peek out of he shoulder bag . norman shrink back as the zombie groans horribly . paranorman 50 . 71 continued : 71 Alvin disappear behind the back seat with a whimper , but Neil valiantly leap into the fray , wrestle the claw finger away from he friend . neil whaddawedo ? whaddawedo ? Mitch ?! mitch I do not know ! I do not know ! neil you be the oldest ! mitch not mentally ! Mitch hear a siren wail out behind he , and look in he mirror to see the flash light of hooper 's bike . mitch ( cont 'd ) oh great . the cop . hooper pull level with the passenger seat window , wave angrily . sheriff hooper pull over the vehicle ! the Dead judge lean further into the van , Neil hang off he like a pendulum . courtney norman ! how do we stop they ?! norman look again at the book in he hand . norman I be suppose to read from the book at the witch 's grave ! neil we have get to go back to the graveyard ? norman she be not bury with the other . I do not know where else to look ... courtney well you better think of something quick ! norman wrack he brain . neil I have a idea ! paranorman 51 . 75 int . salma' bedroom - night 75 salma sit at she computer in a immaculately tidy bedroom . even she collection of doll be flawlessly groom and sit on a shelf look like they be wait to be call in for a interview . salma talk into she cell phone with a expression of wither disdain . salma so norman , let I get this straight ; you guy all go on this big supernatural adventure and you be call I in the middle of the night because you need someone to help you do you homework ? intercut kide in the van / salma norman talk into he cell phone , occasionally ducking as Neil 's flail limb be shake from side to side by the growling upside down zombie hang above they head . norman uh ... yeah . 76 76 ext . wooded road - continuous hooper steer she bike closer and swing she backside into the side of the van in a attempt to ram it off the road . the van lurch , flipping the judge up and over the front of the vehicle , plant he face with a squelch against the windscreen . 77 77 int . mitch be van - continuous Neil drop back down onto he seat . the Dead judge 's arm , tear off at the shoulder , be still clutch in he hand . he stare down at it , wide - eye , as it wriggle like a animal in he grasp . the Dead judge slide slowly down the windscreen of the van with a dull squeak . courtney Mitch , do something ! Mitch flick on the windscreen wiper , which wipe the zombie 's rotten flesh from side to side across the glass . Mitch and Courtney 's eye follow the judge 's movement from side to side . paranorman 52. 77 continued : 77 behind they , Neil squeal as the dismember arm crawl all over he , finger scuttling like a spider 's leg . the arm frees itself from Neil and turn on norman , leaping at he like a viper . norman hold the book up as a shield , and manage to swat the zombie arm away , flipping it across the front seat , where it land on the back of Mitch 's neck . Mitch scream as the rotten hand clamp down onto the top of he head , and madly try to shake it off . it hang onto he grimly , bony finger hook around he nostril . with Mitch no longer steering , the van swerve crazily across the road , shaking the Dead judge off the windscreen . he disappear under the front of the vehicle , he one remain arm cling onto the underside . intercut kide in the van / salma norman shout pleadingly into the phone as he and Neil be flung violently from side to side across the back seat . norman salma ! we need to find out where the witch be bury ! I go to the old graveyard but she grave be not there ! salma well , duh . people find guilty of witchcraft be not consider people anymore . norman , you witch be bury someplace else ... in a unmark grave ! ( reproachfully ) if you care to pay attention some of the time , you would know that we cover this in fifth grade history class . norman salma ! please ! hurry ! y'know , I would Google this myself if there be not a 300 year old dead guy try to rip my face off ! with a sigh , salma type at she computer . salma okay . it say here she be try in the old town Hall on Main Street . there may be a record of she execution and burial in they archive . paranorman 53. 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 norman listen intently then shout over to Mitch , still struggle with the zombie hand grip he face . norman Quick ! she say go to the town Hall ! 79 79 ext . wooded road - continuous Mitch hang a sharp right and accelerate off the road and into thick undergrowth , send up shower of twig and thorns . Close on he heel , hooper swerve she bike around in pursuit . 80 80 ext . suburban street - night the six zomby inexorably continue they march , break cover from outly woodland into the suburban street of the town proper . at the bottom of a long driveway , spotlit by a street lamp , Mrs henscher be take out the trash in she bathrobe . she look up from she garbage as the zomby approach . her face be cake in a terrifying green avocado face mask . barely a few foot in front of she , a similarly green face stare back , only this one have be dead for three hundred year . henscher scream , bolt down the street like a runaway locomotive . 81 81 ext . wood , mitch be van - continuous the van plough through bracken and bush at breakneck speed . a little way behind , hooper careen precariously in the van 's wake . 82 82 int . mitch be van - continuous Mitch finally manage to pry the Dead judge 's arm off he head . he throw it , thrashing around violently , over he shoulder . Alvin lift he face tentatively over the edge of the back seat to see what 's go on . the zombie arm plant he in the eye , send both sprawling against the floor . Alvin squeal as the arm snake around he neck into a bizarre approximation of a wrestle hold . paranorman 54 . 83 ext . wood - continuous 83 Mitch swerve he van down the hill toward the more affluent suburb of the town . hooper 's police bike bounce along behind they , red light flash and siren wail . 84 84 int . station wagon , nearby road - continuous perry and Sandra babcock be drive home from they evening out . neither look especially happy . sandra babcock I really think it might help if you try to see thing from he point of view . perry babcock I do not want to . 85 85 int . station wagon - continuous the babcock ' discussion continue as they drive . sandra babcock perry , not believe in the afterlife be like not believe in astrology . perry babcock I have no idea what you be talk about . seriously , where do you learn that ? sandra babcock calm down . perry roll he eye and groans . 86 86 ext . suburban STREET - continuous Mitch 's van explode out of the thinning wood and back on to the wind hill road . hooper careen through the tree behind it , but fail to make the turn and smashes through a fence across the other side of the road into a suburban back yard , splinter of fence shower down in she wake . scatter lawn ornament , plastic garden toy and deck furniture , hooper ride directly up a kid ' slide , shoot high up into the air like a rocket . paranorman 55 . 87 ext . suburban intersection - continuous 87 preceded by a ear-splittingly guttural wail , Mrs henscher run through the street , wave she arm about hysterically . moment later , the babcock ' station wagon pull around the corner . 88 88 ext . suburban intersection - continuous Mitch 's van screech through the intersection , swerving in front of the babcock 's station wagon , which veer wildly as perry brake hard . he leap out of the car as the van drive away . perry babcock delinquent driver ! where be the police when you need they ? hooper 's bike hurtle through the air and bounce off the hood of the station wagon with a crunch . before perry can react he be bury under the mass of sheriff hooper , drop like a meteorite onto he head . 89 89 int . mitch be van - continuous the kid , hang on for dear life , hear a loud crunch from the back of the van . they all turn to see the van 's rear door rip open . silhouett in the space be the one - armed Dead judge , cape muddy and tear from he crawl back out from the vehicle 's undercarriage . the zombie lunge toward the startle kid , and moan . Mitch turn he attention back to the road ahead , but too late , and he yell as green - face Mrs henscher run squealing into the van 's headlight . Mitch throw all he weight onto the wheel , tire scream as the van miss henscher by inch . the violence of the turn fling the Dead judge backwards like a slingshot , disappear out of the door and shatter into a dozen piece as he smashes into the hard road . 90 90 ext . suburban back yard - continuous have completely lose control , Mitch 's van plough through cookie-cutter back yard . paranorman 56 . 90 continued : 90 it bounce down the hill , flipping over and over , the kid inside toss around like rag doll . somewhat the worse for wear , it eventually come to a stop in a parking lot , neatly crash into a empty space . 91 91 ext . parking lot - continuous the kid clamber out of the far side of the van . mitch oh my gosh ! I be gonna be sick ! courtney oh , I break a nail ! as Alvin climb out , he gingerly hold up the judge 's arm , as if it be a dead animal , and dangle it limply in front of he face . alvin yeah ! Alvin the zombie slayer ! I get you ... the hand suddenly bend back on itself , slap he on the face , and as he squeal it drop to the ground and skitter away into the shadow . Mitch size up what 's leave of he van , and bid a tearful farewell . mitch ( whisper ) baby , I be so sorry . you will be alright . we be gonna get through this together . Courtney pout moodily when she realize the tender word be not for she . norman look up at the sky . a thick bank of cloud loom over the town , and in its center be the unmistakable otherworldly face , ebbing in and out of visibility , and grin horribly . norman uh oh. c'mon ! neil oh yeah ! Neil hum he very own action movie score as he run to follow norman out of the parking lot . paranorman 57 . 91 continued : 91 courtney perfect . now the geek be in charge . the kid make toward the parking lot exit . 93 93 ext . MAIN STREET alleyway - some time later the town center retain even less charm when the sun go down , and its remain denizen be now drunk , high or look for trouble . provide one require alcohol , junk food or pharmaceutical , it 's the place to be . a ruddy - face drunk , slob guy , insert a few coin in a vend machine at the end of a alley , and wait as the metal coil inside curl a candy bar toward the front of the machine . the man notice the approach figure further down the back street and frown . he turn back to the machine , wait . the zomby draw closer , groaning , and the man fidget uncomfortably . the man begin whimpering . the candy bar slowly shift forward . the zomby be close enough to touch . the man yell and run away , leave the candy bar to drop to the machine 's trough with a clang . a beat then , still scream , the man run back to the machine , grab he candy , then run away again . the undead emerge onto Main Street , and slow down as they take in they surroundings . various angle on the garish town center nightlife intercut with close - ups of the wide - eye zomby . - two teenage girl in mini-skirt walk along the curb . a pickup truck crawl by , drive by red neck who wolf - whistle and gesture rudely . the girl giggle . - in the nearby " gobbler be " parking lot , a huge woman sit in she vehicle cram a burger into she mouth . as she bite down ketchup spatter across the inside of the windscreen like arterial spray . - a corpse stand agog before a billboard . the poster be for a line of " Lady luck " lingerie and feature a buxom woman in she underwear drape over a roulette wheel . the tagline be " fancy you chance ? " the corpse 's one eye pop out of its socket and dangle by its optic nerve . - outside the bar gento , loud music and raucous revelry blare out into the street . paranorman 58. 93 continued : 93 - a group of loitering teens cluster in a group , some sit upon a steal shopping cart , other kick a tin can from one to the other . one daub misspel naughty word on the wall beside they . another be attempt to use he bare hand to rip open a parking meter . - another corpse stand in the light of a store window , a bank of tvs show all kind of program . Racing car explosion ; scantily - clad singer gyrate in music video ; talk animal and viagra commercial . quick cut of zombie close - ups as they all raise rotten finger to they mouth and scream . slob guy suddenly burst out of the door of the bar gento , drag a group of dubious drinker . slob guy see ! I tell you ! Zomby ! it 's the witch 's curse ! everyone in the street freeze in place , wide - eye . someone gasp . sweet girl mama ? rapper guy what ? a couple of the zomby exchange glance , wait for the other shoe to drop . gucci lady what should we do ? barely skip a beat , the townsfolk shift seamlessly from shock and awe to bullish aggression . Crystal pull a pump-action shotgun from somewhere about she person and scowl menacingly . crystal kill they in the head ! within second , the seedy - look townsfolk have armed themselves with pool cue , mop , toilet plunger and any other household implement that can be wave threateningly , and the mob advance on the group of quivering zomby . 94 94 ext . urban street - continuous the disembody judge 's arm skitter along a secluded street , eventually come upon the rest of the Dead judge , sit in the gutter try to arrange and be - attach he body part in the right place . paranorman 59 . 94 continued : 94 have snapped he head back onto he neck , the judge scoops up he remain arm and get unsteadily to he foot . 103 103 ext . MAIN STREET - moment later norman hurry ! this way ! norman lead the way , but stop dead as they run headlong into a scene of zombie invasion mayhem . townsfolk fill the street , shout and act generally mob-like . one or two of they have even get hold of burn torch from somewhere . it 's apocalyptic chaos . the fat woman from the drive - thru run past scream , she face and T-shirt cover in blood - red ketchup . courtney oh , this be awful ! the zomby be , like , eat everyone ! norman point beyond the bedlam to the dark shape of the Old town Hall in the plaza . norman c'mon ! they skirt around the edge of Main Street , avoid fly bottle and limb as best they can . follow the noise , the judge stagger along some way behind . he survey the scene as he emerge , he featureless face do a nevertheless effective job of express horrify shock . after a moment , he come to he sense , and spy the kid in the distance . a look of resolve cross he face , turn quickly to surprise as a shot ring out nearby . the judge look down to a large hole blow through he midriff . frame within it be Crystal , several foot away , rifle smoking . he look up again , weigh up he chance , then let out a roar of retreat to he beleaguere companion before run off into the shadow . that zomby who have not already try to run for cover manage to extricate themselves from the frenzy and follow the judge 's cry , some of they break into a sprint . 106 106 ext . town hall plaza - night formerly the district courthouse , the town Hall have now be relegate to store the local archive . paranorman 60. 106 continued : 106 it be a old timber building , surround by graceless modern office block around the cobble square . the kid race across the plaza , pause to catch they breath at the ugly witch statue in front of the town Hall . they gasp as they slow they pace . norman be everyone alright ? nobody get bitten ? Neil flop down heavily against the statue , panting and hold he mouth . neil ( muffled ) I bid dy tongue ! dud that count ? norman move toward the step lead up to the town Hall 's door , the rest of the gang fall into line behind he . another flash of lightning paint the kid ' shadow across the width of the square . norman nervously watch the cloud above they . norman do anyone know how to pick a lock ? everyone immediately look at Alvin . alvin sure . pick lock be my thing . Alvin walk over to a notice board beside the door , upon which be a poster for a " crime prevention seminar " . he yank it out of the ground , heft it through the window , then reach through to unfasten the door latch . alvin ( cont 'd ) boom . 107 107 int . town hall lobby - continuous the kid hurry through the door . the lobby be dark , but moonlight glisten off polished wood through a lofty circular window . norman shout out from the other side of the lobby , where he stand beside a door label " hall of record " .. norman this be it ! paranorman 61. 107 continued : 107 neil this be ? norman now we can find out where the witch be bury ! norman push he shoulder against the door and step inside . 108 108 int . town hall archive - continuous the door swing open and reveal a labyrinth of shelf and glass cabinet stretch out into the shadow in front of he . row after row of dusty cardboard file box and ledger stack one on top of another . norman stop in he track , color drain from he face . norman uh-oh . Courtney follow , fake enthusiasm . courtney great ! I be super psyched ! this be turn into the most fun night ever ! the overhead light click on as Alvin step into the room behind she and groans . alvin man . Zomby take over the world and we lock ourselves in a library . be you kid I ? there 's a adult video store just across the street ! Neil be more optimistic , and brightly make he way over to a shelf , and pull down a slim ledger . neil this will be a piece of cake , you ' will see . he pause , and frown , squinting up he eye as he read aloud , very slowly . neil ( cont 'd ) page ... one ... okay , page one . Mitch heft a particularly heavy box file off a shelf . he seem to read the filing note write across its front , then ignore they and begin curling it like a dumbbell . paranorman 62. 108 continued : 108 mitch I really hate this place . norman size up the mass of document all around they , face panicked . it would take day to go through they all . norman come on ! no , that 's not it . time be run out ! 110 ext . MAIN STREET - continuous 110 sheriff hooper look around and see a awful lot of armed people beginning to bay for blood , and she see trouble on she hand . slob guy ai not room for no more zomby in this town ! stand behind he , teddy agree with a slack - jaw moan . teddy yeah . 104 104 int . station wagon - night perry drive into town in silence , he nose bloody and stuff with tissue . Sandra sit beside he and sheriff hooper be in the back seat , scour the street . sheriff hooper would have be a quiet night too , if it have not be for that meddle kid . huh ! as perry and Sandra exchange uneasy glance , hooper suddenly point through the windshield to the riot in progress on Main Street . sheriff hooper ( cont 'd ) sweet baby jinkie ! 105 105 ext . MAIN STREET - continuous perry brake hard just a few foot in front of the advance mob , move menacingly en masse in pursuit of the flee undead . hooper bustles out of the car , make a beeline for deputy dwayne . Crystal turn and fire into the street , take out a lightbulb over a store sign . a dog somewhere in the shadow yelp and run away . paranorman 63. 105 continued : 105 sheriff hooper be outrage , and snatch the gun out of Crystal 's hand . sheriff hooper what do you think you be do , fire at civilian ? that be for the police to do ! deputy dwayne it 's okay sheriff , we have only be shoot at the dead one ! it 's the live dead , come to take we all to Hell ! we gotta stop they before they get away ! 109 109 ext . town hall - moment later in the alley down the side of the old town Hall , the zomby tiptoe through the shadow . they look slightly the worse for wear ; some have lose limb , other have large hole in they . one have a toilet plunger stick on she head . the Dead judge look up at the sky . the turgid supernatural storm rumble closer , press down upon the nearby rooftop . the judge motion to the other zomby to hurry , and grab hold of the town Hall 's side door . he rip it open , and furtively motion the zomby to file inside . 110 110 ext . MAIN STREET - continuous sheriff hooper move along now people , there be not anything to see here ! the townsfolk around she refuse to be allay by this . perry and Sandra have emerge dubiously out of they car and watch from the periphery , utterly bewilder . Mrs henscher , newly arrive and wear she avocado face mask like war paint , shake she shotgun and point down the street . mrs henscher I see they ! I see they ! the zomby be in the town Hall ! the information sweep across the crowd like wildfire . several face turn to henscher , who be pleased to have a engage audience and ham it up shamelessly , come on like braveheart in curler . paranorman 64. 110 continued : 110 mrs henscher ( cont 'd ) Cry " havoc ! " and let slip the dog of war ! the face around she do not react ; wait patiently for a clearer translation . mrs henscher ( cont 'd ) let 's rip `em apart ! Mrs henscher point the crowd toward the town Hall . despite hooper 's protest , the townsfolk be on lynch mob auto pilot and surge like a force of nature along the Main Street toward the town Hall plaza . 111 111 int . town hall , archive - later dozen of book and cardboard box lie scattered across the floor . the glass cabinet around the room have be ransacke as the kid drag document off shelf and rummage through binder . norman sit on the floor flipping through sheet after sheet of record . Courtney wade through document toward he , hold up a fist full of old roll - up papers . courtney we be not go to find it in here , norman ! this be useless ! alvin yeah , I know , and it 's also really boring . mitch I think I be drive the van . no one tell I I be gonna have to do this other dumb stuff . norman if I would know there be so much read involved , I would have bring a completely different group of people who hate I . Neil suddenly yell out victoriously . everyone turn to he , hardly believe he might have find the answer . he wave a book triumphantly above he head and grin at everyone . neil yes ! Book number one ! finish ! that be right , twenty six page , oh yeah ! everyone groans and turn back to they bicker . paranorman 65 . 111 continued : 111 courtney I can not believe this be you plan ! I be gonna get bitten and start eat people ' brain ! I be suppose to be vegan ! Mitch suddenly shout out from the doorway . mitch guy ! there 's something move out there ! I think it 's the zomby ! alvin ( hysterical ) hide ! mitch oh , no it 's not . it 's just grow - up . alvin ( more hysterical ) hide ! 112 112 ext . town hall - same the square outside be awash with threaten townsfolk , lead by Mrs henscher and deputy dwayne . some charge up the town Hall step , jeering and whistling . 113 113 int . town hall lobby - continuous blurry silhouettes move across the outside of the window , occasionally smacking against they with they fist . a brick smashes through a window and clatter across the floor between Courtney 's foot . 114 114 int . town hall archive - continuous the kid start to hurry toward the lobby , leave norman sit amongst the spill document . mitch that sound . y'know what that be ? that 's not awesome ... thing ... norman guy , come on ! alvin just give it up , weiner ! norman we have to keep try ! paranorman 66. 114 continued : 114 courtney we try and look what happen ! ( sigh ) I be scared , norman , and I can not listen to this any more . norman look at the face in front of he . the kid be scared and confuse and angry . even Neil have nothing encourage to offer . norman 's brow furrow . norman you never listen ! no one ever listen ! I be scared too , but I have still gotta do this . courtney I do too listen ! and whatever it be you just say , it 's not work ! you think you be go to go out there and do you talk to the dead thing and this be all go to be okay ? what be you go to do , ask the zomby not to eat you ? norman I should have know you would not understand ! no one ever do ! courtney norman , you need to stop all this weird stuff and start live in the real world ! norman everyone in the real world think I be a freak ! and you know what , maybe they be right , maybe I be a freak ! but I never ask for you help ... just go ! get out ! Courtney , Mitch and Alvin back off a half step as norman advance on they . mitch jeez , that be dramatic . Courtney shoot he a look as if she 's about to fight back , then shake she head and shove she way through the door . she turn to go , snap at the other kid behind she . courtney c'mon ! paranorman 67. 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 one by one , the kid turn and file out , but Neil still insist on remain , fold he arm defiantly . neil I be not go anywhere . you can not make I . Mitch shrug and pick he brother up , scoop he under one arm and carry he out the door . mitch dude , you be really heavy . neil I be not speak to you . you can not make I . norman watch the door shut behind they , and he anger begin to ebb . alone in the archive room , he slump to he knee feel useless and frustrated . 115 115 int . town hall lobby - continuous in the lobby , no one can hear he over the sound of the mob . the kid have nervously approach the barricade at the front door , hope to appeal to the figure outside . courtney um , excuse I ? hello ? unmistakably live hand and arm suddenly smash through the barricade , claw into the town Hall . the kid recoil from the window , scream as they bat ineffectually at the grasp hand . 116 116 ext . town hall - continuous slob guy reach in through a gap in the break woodwork , manage to grab a hold of something . slob guy they be in there alright ! I can feel its clammy flesh ! 117 117 int . town hall lobby - continuous Neil scream as slob guy grope at he chubby arm . 117a int . town hall archive - continuous 117a norman notice he backpack on the floor in front of he , the book of fairy tale poke out . he pick it up and run he hand absently over the emboss leather cover . paranorman 68. 117a continued : 117a something clatter behind he , and norman hear someone approach . norman hello ? he turn around to face he friend and find himself stare up at a zombie , move toward he along the dark aisle , pale moonlight shine off its expose bone . norman gasp . he realize zomby be converge on he from all direction , barring he way out through the door . the Dead judge groans as he approach . norman back away , clutching the book to he chest . out of the corner of he eye norman spot another doorway in the shadow of the wall behind he and move toward it , call out desperately . norman ( cont 'd ) help ! somebody help I ! 118 118 int . town hall stairwell - continuous norman run up a tight stairwell lead to the roof of the building , the zomby just a few step beneath he . 119 ext . town hall - continuous 119 mrs henscher let 's burn `em out ! obligingly , a couple of townsfolk hurl molotov cocktail at the window . 120 120 int . town hall lobby - moment later the kid manage to pull back just as a burn bottle fly over they head , shatter glass . it land in the middle of the room and a puddle of burn alcohol spread across the floorboard . tendril of black smoke be also beginning to creep under the edge of the front door . the kid stand in a group , terror-stricken as the smoke thicken and flame begin to lick along the floor . Courtney be quick to lose what remain of she composure . paranorman 69 . 120 continued : 120 courtney we be all gonna die ! 121 ext . town hall , rooftop - continuous 121 norman heave himself through a tiny hatchway onto a flat roof at the high point of the building . he shut the hatch , inching away as the zomby beneath beat on it with they hand . norman find himself back up against a flimsy wooden rail , which creak warningly . he lean over and see the square beneath , fill with angry people . he have nowhere leave to run . above he the red sky rumble , cloud churn into a ghastly grin mouth . 122 122 ext . town hall - continuous Far below , the gather townsfolk grow increasingly erratic . a pair of visit tourist happily take in they surroundings with they cell phone and camera . Sandra tug at she husband 's arm as they be buffete by the increasingly erratic townsfolk . sandra babcock oh my gosh , do you think this have get anything to do with norman ? perry wave she hand away irritably . perry babcock of course not ! he be interrupt by a shout as someone see norman 's tiny figure silhouett against the raging sky on the roof of the building . librarian everyone look ! perry and Sandra see they son begin gesticulate wildly at the cloud . sandra babcock perry , do something ! he cup he hand around he mouth and yell at norman . perry babcock norman ! get down from there this instant ! you be suppose to be ground ! paranorman 70 . 123 ext . town hall , rooftop - continuous 123 distraught , norman bellow into the sky , wave the book angrily above he head . norman you horrible old witch ! be this what you want ? the roiling face above he seem to cackle mercilessly . 124 124 ext . town hall - continuous the mob begin to lurch to all new stupid conclusion as norman wave he arm at the cloud . mrs henscher necromancer ! female tourist this be all he do ! sandra babcock norman ! perry feel the shift in the crowd . they be not just bay for blood . they be about to start bay for he son 's blood . 125 125 ext . town hall , rooftop - continuous norman continue yelling at the sky , wave the book . he madly flick through the page , attempt to read aloud over the roaring wind . norman once upon a time in a far-off land there live a king and queen ... in a magnificent castle ... the horrible cloud face above he cackle monstrously , drown out the story . norman ( cont 'd ) why will not you listen to I ? why be you do this ?! the face in the cloud turn inside out as a tongue of lightning spit out . it smack into the book hold in front of norman 's chest , lift he up off he foot and throw he back onto the old timber of the roof . the air be knock out of norman as , trail smoke , he smashes through the wood into the fiery chasm of the building beneath . paranorman 71. 125 continued : 125 camera follow he as he plummet , scream , and be envelop in thick black smoke . there be a loud thud , and silence . 126 126 int . town hall , old courthouse - continuous norman lie on the floor , shifting painfully . with some effort he sit up , rub he head . the book in he hand be now a blacken cinder with a large smolder hole gouge through the middle . norman realize he be no longer inside the burn building . around he indistinct shape begin to pool into clarity . he be in the courthouse , but three hundred year ago , and a trial be about to begin . a crowd of onlooker gather around a platform at the head of the room where officious - look gentleman in austere puritan clothing stand around a table . two dour man in black skull cap be seat , a empty chair between they . norman move unnotice through the crowd toward the platform . the hubbub of the townsfolk die down . the impose figure of judge hopkins , tall and august , march out of a side chamber , step up onto the wooden dais and seat himself silently between he solemn peer . he glare down at norman with cold , humorless eye . judge hopkin agatha prenderghast of he majesty 's Province of Massachusetts ... as the judge 's voice continue , norman see play out against it a montage of the precede court case . the notary stand up , wave a wad of testimony . judge hopkin ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ...on this day you have be arraign for the horrible crime of witchcraft ... a pale woman fiddle nervously with the ribbon on she bonnet as she be question by the judge . judge hopkin ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... witness by that whose testimony have be hear . a wiry woman with a pinch face gesture fearfully with she arm as she recount she evidence . paranorman 72. 126 continued : 126 judge hopkin ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you have , by this court , be find guilty ... norman no ! a young farmhand bow he head shamefully , as he add further ammunition to the prosecution . judge hopkin ( v.o. ) ... and it be pass on you , accord to you grievous crime ... another village woman sob into a handkerchief as she tell she story . quick cut of the accuser , one after the other , as the judge finish he verdict . the notary , the preacher , the townsfolk . all point at norman . judge hopkin ( cont 'd ) ... execution . camera swing slowly around norman to reveal aggie prenderghast , stand in chain right behind he . aggie no ! norman react with horror . the " witch " cower next to he be no more than eleven year - old . her long hair be unkempt and dirt on she face be streak with tear from she eye . her manacle have be specially make to fit she tiny wrist , and weigh she to the floor . she sniff , scared and confuse . judge hopkin do you have anything to say for yourself ? aggie I be only play ! judge hopkin aye , with fire ! you be speak with the dead ! the crowd gasp and murmur fearfully . judge hopkin ( cont 'd ) I will not risk damnation on this good people . the town sheriff grab aggie by the shoulder . paranorman 73. 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 judge hopkin ( cont 'd ) you be to be take to the place of execution where you will be hang by the neck until you be dead ... norman shout out but no one can hear or see he . norman wait ! no ! you can not do this ! the grim -face sheriff move toward norman and aggie . she back away , tear flow down she face . aggie I do not do anything wrong ! a terrible panic come over she face . aggie ( cont 'd ) stop ! leave I alone or I will make you sorry ! I will make all of you sorry ! norman feel unsteady on he foot , the room seem to spin around he . the face of the townsfolk , pale and skull - like , swirl around and around , blur together . in the center of it all , glow like a bonfire , aggie scream . the world turn black and norman collapse in a faint . 127 127 int . town hall archive - continuous norman be p.o.v. - the high timber of the hall roof swim into focus , and then face peer down at he . skeletal , rotting face . the dead puritans be stand around he in a half - circle . he sit up terrify , and look around , shuffle back across the floorboard on he bottom . the dead villager stand where they be , stare intently . norman sit a moment , heart pound , whispering shakily . norman how could you ?! she be just a little kid ! she be no different than I ! the Dead judge take a step forward . norman ( cont 'd ) keep away from I ! the Dead judge stop , then open he horrible mouth and speak in a guttural voice . paranorman 74 . 127 continued : 127 dead judge you ... must ... stop ... the ... curse . a beat . norman be stunne . norman what ? you do not want to kill I ? the judge shake he head and point down at the book beside norman 's foot . dead judge you can speak to the dead . to we . to she . we need you to read from the book to send we all back to the grave . norman but it do not work ! it 's a fairy tale ! just a bedtime ... story ... he narrow he eye at the judge . norman ( cont 'd ) that 's it , be not it ? a bedtime story to keep a little girl asleep for another year . and now you need my help because I be the only one who can read it to she ! he bend down to pick it up . his eye flash angrily at the zomby and he hurl the burnt book at the judge . it hit he in the chest and fall to he foot with a thud . norman ( cont 'd ) here 's you book ! try read it yourself ! the zomby stare down at the blacken lump of char paper , and several of they gasp . the Dead judge 's eye be fill with fear and desperation . norman ( cont 'd ) why do you do it ? dead judge we be scared . norman of what ? dead judge of she . ( gesture behind ) I believe we be do what be right . I be wrong . now this be we punishment . ( more ) paranorman 75 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 dead judge ( cont 'd ) we think we know we way in life but in death we be lose . norman know they be tell the truth . dead judge ( cont 'd ) please help we . norman look at the book of fairy tale , lie at he foot . its page be curl and blacken , ember still glow around the hole blow right through it . norman every year someone read the story at she grave . before I it be Mr prenderghast , and before he there be other , but the curse do not ever go away . nothing get better . it 's not enough . norman look at it a moment , think . he know what he have to do . dead judge what will you do ? norman something nobody ever do before . I have gotta go talk to she . 128 128 int . town hall - continuous smear with soot and coughing , the kid be trap in the lobby . they cower together as burn wood creak and crack all around they . the air be grey and caustic and fill with flake of charcoal and burn ash . a burn timber groans as it split from the ceiling and tumble toward the child . they scream and scatter as it hit the floorboard in a shower of glow spark . Mitch shout out from beside a heavy wooden counter top . mitch guy ! guy ! under here ! under here ! the kid scramble beneath the shelter of the counter as more glow ember rain down around they . Courtney grab Mitch by the bicep and whisper weakly . courtney Mitch , if we die tonight , this might be the last chance I get to tell you how I feel . paranorman 76 . 128 continued : 128 mitch uh , well , no . unless we get bring back as zomby , and then technically you will have longer . Courtney open she mouth to continue , but she love train be thoroughly derail by the nearby crash of break wood , and the archive door beside they clatter to the ground . the cower kid all watch in silent horror as several dark figure limp and shamble out of the smoke and make they way past they across the room . it 's the zomby , and they be be lead by norman . courtney norman ? norman come on ! this way ! courtney you have gotta be kid I ... norman , he mouth shield by he sleeve , head purposefully toward the front door . 131 131 ext . town hall - moment later a loud thud from within the town Hall cause the gather crowd outside to gasp , and that close to the door to take a few step back . the crowd gasp again as the char front door of the town Hall be wrench off its hinge by a huge piece of timber and crash down the step in a shower of flame splinter . a ripple of shock run through the crowd as a number of skeletal figure emerge , spluttering and wheeze through the smoke , shield they face from the heat . the gather crowd be even more aghast when they realize a child be be guide out of the flame by the zomby . unseen by the crowd , Courtney and the other kid crawl to the splinter open of the front door , blink and coughing for air . hooper pull out she gun and march toward the zomby . sheriff hooper you stay right where you be ! you may be dead already , but I will still shoot you ! paranorman 77. 131 continued : 131 the zomby stop on the step , burn building behind they and the hostile townsfolk in front of they . norman push through and stand firmly in the way of hooper 's gun , arm spread defensively . norman wait ! Courtney and the other kid gasp as they watch from within the doorway . sandra babcock oh my gosh ! Far above , the cloud thunder like demonic laughter . perry step forward , face red . perry babcock Son ! step away from the zomby ! norman no ! I will not ! Sandra come up behind she husband and hold he arm . sandra babcock perry , calm down ! you be go to have a heart attack and then what be you go to do ? perry babcock I will come back and haunt norman ! maybe then he will start listen to I ! norman no ! you do not understand what 's happen here ! I speak to they and it 's not what you think ! Courtney edge forward out of the doorway , shocked but transfix . norman ( cont 'd ) the curse be not about the zomby hurt you ! it 's about you hurt they ! I figure it out , and I know a way to stop this ! mrs henscher he 's in league with they ! a few member of the crowd try to push past perry toward the step . deputy dwayne let 's hang he ! paranorman 78. 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 gucci lady no ! we can not hang he , stupid ! it 's the 21st century ! deputy dwayne then let 's burn he ! Sandra turn despairingly to the crowd behind she . sandra babcock can you stop be a mob for just one minute ?! norman listen to I ! crystal get they before they eat we ! punctuate every shout , the roiling cloud continue to rumble they horrible laughter . courtney leave he alone ! Courtney suddenly emerge , stand right in front of norman . follow she lead in true " I be spartacus ! " fashion , Neil , Mitch and Alvin step forward too , create a barrier all around he , all join hand in solidarity . close on Courtney 's face as she hiss sidelong to Alvin . courtney ( cont 'd ) Hand , Alvin ! my hand ! a ripple of confusion seem to run through the crowd . courtney ( cont 'd ) everybody , listen up ! you all need to stop try to kill my brother ! you be adult ! stop it ! I know that this seem crazy , believe I I be with you on that , but I think he do actually know what he 's talk about ! neil all night he 's be try to save you from the witch 's curse ! mitch yeah , and all you want to do be burn and murder stuff , burn and murder stuff ! just burn and murdering ! paranorman 79 . 131 continued : ( 3 ) 131 alvin shame on every single one of you ! how dare you all ! amongst the crowd , doubt be beginning to show . even the rumbling cloud have go quiet . crystal so they be not go to hurt we ? norman no , do it look like any of they be try to hurt you ? they be just people . at least they use to be . just stupid people who should have know better . norman look at the line of puritans . they look quite sad and pathetic really . hardly monstrous at all . norman ( cont 'd ) they do something unforgivable because they be scared , and they be curse for it . now it 's happen all over again . do not you get it ? they be just like you . but now it have to stop . for good . across the crowd , weapon be be lower and face be start to look a little guilty . there be silence as the modern townsfolk stare at the line of three hundred year - old townsfolk . throughout the crowd various weapon clatter as they hit the ground . a small girl tiptoe up the step and silently offer one of the zomby he arm back . the quiet be shattered by a deafen scream . it blow out of the storm cloud and whip through the plaza on a hellish wind . the street lamp around the square shatter in burst of spark , raining down on the amass people . the sky above be blood red , cloud twist and contort into a vast unnatural vortex . the town Hall erupt in a fireball , tongue of white fire roaring out of the ember as the ground shake and the crowd scatter in terror . Neil turn to norman as they duck for cover behind a park car , and shout over the noise of the wind . neil jeez , what be she problem ? norman take in the chaos around they ... paranorman 80. 131 continued : ( 4 ) 131 - a arc of white lightning hit the base of the witch 's statue with a crack . with a terrible groan , the statue be lift up into the air by the supernatural wind . it crash down at the foot of the town Hall step , shatter into a hundred piece of rubble . - window blow out of tacky tourist store , they cheap front display rip apart by the wind . - a bolt of lightning tear through the huge billboard in the plaza , rip apart the idealize image of the town 's history in a spiral of splinter wood . norman struggle over to where a group of townsfolk and zomby cower from the destruction . Sandra run over to she son and hug he . sandra babcock oh , norman ! neil so what do we do now ? norman I ... I really do not know ... courtney yes you do , norman ! you have get to get to that witch 's grave ! norman but ... courtney but nothing ! you listen to I , buster , we do not turn away when daleridge High be slaughtering we volleyball team , do we ? norman I think we do . courtney no we do not . I have cheer the uncheerable , norman , and I be not let you give up now ! norman turn to perry , he eye all business . norman dad , could I borrow the car ? perry babcock Excuse I ? paranorman 81. 131 continued : ( 5 ) 131 norman look squarely at he dad , and the Dead judge beside he . they exchange uneasy glance . CUT to : 132 132 int . station wagon - continuous the Dead judge sit rigidly between norman and Courtney in the back of perry 's station wagon , perry and Sandra in the front . perry drive in silent discomfort follow the judge 's instruction through town , glance in he rear-view mirror at the passenger in the back seat . Sandra take a small perfume spritzer from she purse as surreptitiously as she can and spray the air around she . 135 135 ext . suburban street - continuous the car turn a corner into the path of a overturn truck , catch by the spectral wind . it cartwheel down the middle of the street , tear up the asphalt . I /e. station wagon - continuous perry swerve out of its path of destruction . Inside , Sandra crane she neck around to watch the truck crash down the road behind they . she face front again . sandra babcock Boy , the traffic tonight ! courtney norman ! he 's on my side of the seat ! norman she want you to move over . the judge mumble . courtney I hear that ! Mom ! tell the zombie to stop say stuff about I ! norman can you quit use the " z " word ? perry babcock so help I I will stop this car right now if all three of you do not quit it this instant ! paranorman 82. continued : after a moment , the judge let out a sepulchral moan . norman he say " take a leave here " . perry give a distasteful look , but turn the steering wheel . he peer out through the raging storm , windscreen wiper bat ineffectively at the onslaught of debris . perry babcock we have already be this way . we be go around in circle ! sandra babcock maybe we should pull over and ask someone ? perry babcock oh , right , you think maybe we should stop at a graveyard and dig up some other eighteenth - century corpse ? sandra babcock it 's not a bad idea . perry babcock I wish I understand you . 136 136 I /e. station wagon - continuous from the back seat , the judge turn to norman and groans . perry babcock please do not tell I he need to use the bathroom . norman listen as the judge continue grumbling , then lean forward over he father 's seat , point . norman turn down there ! 137 137 ext . old forest trail - continuous the car turn tightly off a secluded road onto a dirt path run into the thick of the surround woodland . sandra babcock oh my , do you think that 's it ? paranorman 83. 139 ext . old forest trail - moment later 139 the headlight of the car illuminate a huge fall trunk ahead along the path , and perry pull the car to a stop , wheel crunching on dirt and root . everyone get out of the car . the tree around they be thick and dense . aggie 's furious storm whistle through the branch far above they . norman turn to the Dead judge . the judge nod solemnly , point ahead . norman steel himself and begin to march forward through the thick bramble , the other follow behind . perry babcock so , why be we here ? norman someone 's gotta talk to she , dad . perry babcock yeah , um , why 's that person you , exactly ? as they continue , the surround tree press in on they , just like in norman 's vision . branch and thorns lash at they face while thick root entangle they foot . norman 's family be fall behind and realize too late that the encroach tree be about to crush norman . sandra babcock oh my goodness , look out ! norman Mom ! sandra babcock perry ! do something ! perry be find it difficult to move ; a tree bear down on he , its root snagging he thrashing limb . perry babcock I be try ! sandra babcock kick it in the knothole ! norman hop nimbly between two huge trunk as they smash together , block off the way ahead with gnarled wood . Sandra struggle free and shout over the branch . sandra babcock ( cont 'd ) norman ?! paranorman 84. 139 continued : 139 norman ( o.s. ) I be okay Mom ! wait for I here ! do not worry ! sandra babcock be careful ! now separate from the other , norman turn to go ahead on he own . ahead of he a phosphorescent glow shine off the tree , and he know he be very close . 140 140 ext . old forest clearing - continuous exhausted but determine , norman find the source of the supernatural storm ; a clear sculpt out of the forest by aggie 's fury . in the center of it all be the tree , bleach white as bone and grotesquely twisted . the tree around it creak and groan as though they would like to uproot and plant themselves someplace else . beneath this tree lie aggie 's remain , bury three hundred year ago . now a mess of root and rock open out like a ugly wound , and within they a tiny childlike figure be barely visible through a spitting furnace of spectral energy . ectoplasm rage up around the tree 's finger - like branch like a mushroom cloud of negative energy . it 's a child 's tantrum turn atomic . norman hello ? word echo around he in response . aggie you be not welcome here . go away . norman shiver as the voice rumble coldly . the raging wind intensify as norman turn back around . norman uh ... I really need to speak with you . aggie who be you ? norman I be norman . norman babcock . you do not actually know I , but I know you . we be actually kind of the same , you and I . norman take another step closer , ducking as petrify branch and rock fly over he head on the wind . paranorman 85 . 140 continued : 140 aggie you be not dead . norman well , no , apart from that . aggie and you be a boy . norman well , yes , that too . aggie you be not like I at all . norman hesitates , know he 's on dangerous ground . norman well , I know how you feel ? aggie no you do not . you do not know anything about I . norman I know you name be agatha prenderghast . the ghostly voice waver for the first time . aggie what ? norman and I know you be probably tired . right ? because , I mean , it 's really late and it 's be a long night and we be , like , only eleven year - old , and ... the voice snap back like a clap of thunder . aggie I do not want to go to sleep , and you can not make I ! I burnt the book into dust , and now I do not have to listen to that stupid story any more ! leave I alone ! norman be terrify , but advance on the tree , the rock under he foot churn . norman no. I be not leave . just listen to I . ( take a breath ) uh ... once upon a time ... long ago ... there be a little girl ... paranorman 86. 140 continued : ( 2 ) 140 aggie what ? norman a little girl who be different from the other people in she village . the voice chant petulantly over he as if put its demonic finger in its ear . aggie I be not listen ! la-la-la-la-la - laaa ! norman she could see and do thing that no one could understand , and that make they scared of she . aggie I do not like this story ! norman she turn away from everyone , and become sad and lonely , and have no one to turn to . aggie stop it ! if aggie be not float three foot above the ground , she would be stamp she foot . her voice blow bit of bark off the surround tree . norman but the more she turn away from people , the more scared they be of she , and they do something terrible ! arc of white energy crackle through the air . where they hit the ground , they send up white flame . norman ( cont 'd ) they become so scared that they take she away and kill she ! aggie no ! norman but even though she be dead something in she come back . aggie stop ! paranorman 87. 140 continued : ( 3 ) 140 norman and this part of she would not go away , not for three hundred year ... aggie shut up ! norman and the longer it stay , the less there be of the little girl ! aggie I will make you suffer ! norman why ? aggie go to shout , but stop , unsure of she answer . aggie because ... because ... norman because you want everyone to hurt just as much as you be ! so whenever you wake up you play this mean game , but you do not play fair ! aggie they hurt I ! norman so you hurt they back ? aggie I want everyone to see how rotten they be ! norman you be just like they , agatha . aggie no I be not ! norman you be a bully . aggie no I be not ! norman have almost reach the eye of the storm . the world behind he be a whirling torrent of burn white chaos . norman they do something awful , but that do not mean you should too ! ( more ) paranorman 88. 140 continued : ( 4 ) 140 norman ( cont 'd ) all that 's leave of you now be mean and horrible ! he see she clearly now . true , she be float above the ground , and she hair be writhe madly about she , and plume of spectral fire be pour off she body , but she 's still just a little girl underneath . aggie that 's not true ! norman climb up a tree root , aggie 's flame searing he skin and clothes as he get close enough to touch she . norman then stop . this be wrong and you know it ! you have spend so long remember the bad people that you have forget the good one . there must have be someone who love you and care for you . you do not remember they ? aggie leave I alone ! norman but you be not alone ! you have to remember ! aggie keep away from I ! norman reach the end of the root and jump . his outstretch finger shake madly as they approach aggie 's tiny hand , as though the air be fight against he . norman remember ! there be a flash of white , and silence . fade to : 141 141 ext . new forest clearing - bright sunny day dappled sunlight fall through shimmer leave and blossom . norman and aggie be stand in thick grass , replete with wild flower , the dead white tree now quite alive and blossoming behind they . aggie be no longer a indistinct specter , but flesh and blood and as real as norman . she stare down at she hand as norman hold it gently by the end of she finger . aggie aggie . my name be aggie . paranorman 89 . 141 continued : 141 a brightly - color butterfly flutter between they . aggie start to remember as she follow its flight . aggie ( cont 'd ) I ... I remember my mommy bring I here once . we sit under the tree and she tell I storey . they all have happy ending . ( brow furrow ) and then that horrible man come and take I away and I never see she again ! she scowl angrily at the butterfly flitting past she face . it instantly crumple up into ash . surprise , she gasp and watch the blacken dust fall to the ground . there 's anger in aggie , but there be confusion , sadness and regret there too . she be not quite so scary anymore . norman sometimes when people get scared they say and do terrible thing . I think you get so scared , that you forget who you be . but I do not think you be a witch . not really . aggie look into he eye . aggie you do not ? norman I think you be just a little kid with a really special gift who only ever want people to understand she . he smile softly . norman ( cont 'd ) so we be not all that different at all . aggie but what about the people who hurt you ? do not you ever want to make they suffer ? norman think this over , and shrug . norman well , yeah , but what good would that do ? you think just because there 's bad people out there that there 's no good one either ? I think the same thing . ( more ) paranorman 90 . 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 norman ( cont 'd ) for a while . but there 's always someone out there for you . somewhere . aggie frown , look lose . aggie I just want my mommy ... norman I be sorry , aggie . she 's go . aggie that story you be tell . how do it end ? norman I think that 's up to you . aggie blink through tear at the grass beneath she foot . aggie be this where they bury I ? norman it 's a pretty good place to sleep . then you can be with you mom again . aggie hold norman 's gaze , then look down to the ground , she tiny frame heaving with a last sob . she sit down on the grass and curl up , rest she head on she hand . norman kneel down next to she as she close she eye . her breathe grow deeper and more peaceful ; she tiny frame shifting softly under she long hair . the air around they grow blurry and indistinct . aggie soften as though out of focus , and the whole world become a swirl dance of glow orb . norman close he eye as a blizzard of light engulf he , spiraling up into the cloud high above he head . lightn flash white far above and thunder rumble softly through the sky , as if move away . 143 143 ext . town hall - continuous the zomby form a group in the center of the square , all of they look up into the cloud . the people around they stop and stare , awestruck as a breeze buffet they clothes and the air around they begin to shimmer . as the modern townsfolk watch on , some of the zomby take each other ' arm for support . that with eyelid close they . one by one they body dissolve away , leave ethereal figure in they place . paranorman 91 . 143 continued : 143 for a moment they float where they stand , ghostly apparition of the people they once be before the curse . they stare sadly out at they flesh and blood descendent , and in a instant become just speck of light that be catch by the breeze and carry out of sight . 142 142 ext . old forest clearing - night norman blink open he eye , take a moment to survey the scene around he . he sit upon the upturn root of the tree , the earth around break and twisted , a testament to what have happen . he look up into the sky and give a sad smile . norman sleep tight . he clamber down through the root back toward the path . 144 144 ext . old forest trail - continuous norman wearily walk through the splinter root to find he family . Sandra shout out when she see he . sandra babcock norman ? norman ! Sandra run over to he and scoops he up in she arm , hugging he tightly . sandra babcock ( cont 'd ) my brave little man ! I think I be go to lose you ! norman Mom , you be embarrassing I . sandra babcock that 's my job . courtney good job , norman . perry take a deep breath and look at he son . there be relief and a hint of admiration in he eye . perry babcock well do , Son . you do it . the judge , stand some way behind they , let out a groan , and the babcock turn to look at he . paranorman 92. 144 continued : 144 they watch in awe as the judge begin to turn to dust , he rag clothes and decaye body dissolve in the rain . for barely a moment a shimmer ghostly figure be leave behind , a image of the man that once be . the spirit blink sorrowful eye , then become nothing more than a million glow fragment dissipate on the breeze . 146b 146b ext . new town hall - later the sky have lose its lurid pall , and the cloud be now lighter and less menace . in the town Square , cluster of townsfolk be try to come to term with the night 's event . norman weave through the crowd away from the babcock 's station wagon , search for Neil . he hear small snippet of conversation as he go . dwayne wave he notebook under hooper 's nose . deputy dwayne so , uh , be we gonna need statement ? she slap it out of he hand . deputy dwayne ( cont 'd ) ow ! that be my finger nail . slob guy , Crystal and Mrs henscher be convincing each other of they excuse . mrs henscher you know what it 's like . you join a mob and you say thing . I be merely inhabit the role . slob guy yeah , it be the other . they push I into it . norman smile as he pass Alvin , regaling a bunch of teenager . alvin yeah , I and norman be in a lot of the same class . pretty much inseparable . best bud . and we do a lot of psychic investigation together . we have a blog actually , you should check it out . nearby , Courtney waste no time cozy up to Mitch . paranorman 93. 146b continued : 146b courtney so I be think , maybe we could catch a movie sometime ? nothing scary . mitch that sound great , Kathy ! y'know , you be gonna love my boyfriend ! he 's like a total chick - flick nut ! Courtney stare at he , at a loss for word , then successfully read between the line and turn away muttering . norman eventually find Neil sit upon the witch statue 's break plinth , attempt to piece it back together pebble by pebble . norman hey Neil . he climb up beside he friend , who beam at he gleefully . neil you do it ! you stop the witch 's curse and make the zomby go away and save pretty much everything ! norman I guess . I just want to say thanks . you stand by I . all the time . neil yeah , of course . do not get weird or anything . so you think now everything 's gonna turn back to normal ? norman look across the square . the smolder building , the fall signpost , the warpe tree , the rubble ... norman as normal as it could be . 148 148 int . babcock' house , live room - evening norman sit on the floor in front of the tv . a news report show the wreck Main Street with the headline " tourist town hit by mystery tornado " . perry enter the room , and norman quickly change the channel on the tv to a noisy monster movie . paranorman 94 . 148 continued : 148 perry babcock son. norman hi dad . perry babcock what be you watch ? norman a scary movie . perry babcock you , uh , you grandma here be she ? norman look around and see he father and grandmother sit side by side on the sofa . he nod . perry babcock ( cont 'd ) right . of course she be . perry try he best to maintain he composure , and wriggle a little in he seat . perry babcock ( cont 'd ) be she ... be she sit next to I ? norman nod . perry " hem -hem " and turn awkwardly to face she , nose to ear . she do not seem to notice . perry babcock ( cont 'd ) hi Mom . perry try to downplay he discomfort and turn back to concentrate on the movie he son be watch . Sandra and Courtney enter from the kitchen carry snack . Sandra take a seat on a armchair and Courtney lie down on the floor beside she brother , munch popcorn . they all settle in to watch the movie . a beat , then perry and grandma speak at the same time . perry babcock ( cont 'd ) grandma babcock so what 's happen now ? so what 's happen now ? norman sit as he be , face the tv , and grin . the end .