for you consideration parasite outstanding original screenplay screenplay by bong joon ho and han jin won story by bong joon ho neon parasite screenplay by bong joon Ho and han jin won Story by bong joon Ho title sequence over black 1 accompany by dark but curiously upbeat music . at the end of the credit , the MAIN title , in strange calligraphy , fill the screen -- '' parasite '' music fade . int . semi - basement - day 2 a dank semi-basement apartment . KI - woo , 24 , run from corner to corner search desperately for a wi- fi signal . various network pop up , but they be all password - protect . KI - woo no . not you too '' iptime . '' ki-jung ! upstair neighbor finally lock up he wi- fi . adjacent room -- lying on the floor of the narrow room , KI - jung , 23 , barely move she lip -- ' fuck . 's KI - jung try ' 123456789 . 's then try it backwards . KI - woo no luck . another room -- also lie on the floor , chung - sook , 49 , the mother , scoff at they collective misery . chung-sook what be I suppose to do if someone call I ? what if it 's a job ? hey , ki- tek ! she kick KI - tek , 49 , who be sleep at she foot . chung -sook ( cont ’d ) I know you be awake , asshole . Care to comment ? KI - tek ( wiping he drool ) what ? chung - sook we phone have be suspend for week , and now the neighbor have shut we out . what 's you plan ? she kick he again . chung - sook ( cont ’d ) what be you go to do about it ? what 's the plan , genius ? she treat ki- tek like shit , but it do not bother he . he rise with the most serene , enlighten smile , then plod over to the -- live room slash kitchen where he remove a bag of white bread from the sad , empty fridge . the bread be nearly go too . only the end remain . ki- tek take a piece and pick off the moldy part . he chew on the bread as he watch he son 's wi- fi dance . KI - tek Son , if one seek wi- fi -- he raise he hand high . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) one must reach into the heaven . up. KI - woo yes , Father . ki-woo raise the phone high as he head into the -- bathroom the bathroom be long and narrow and have a raise ' altar 's at the far end where the toilet sit . the odd placement be necessitate by the semi-basement 's lower position in relation to the septic tank . ki- woo walk in and climb onto the toilet seat . he continue to fish for a signal when -- KI - woo ( cont 'd ) booyah ! KI - jung ( 0.s. ) you get it ? ki-jung barge in and walk over with she phone hold up . KI - woo you see it ? '' coffeenara_ 2g '' . I guess it 's a new coffee joint . must be nearby . KI - jung I be not get shit . KI - woo get up closer . ki-jung climb onto the altar and squeeze next to ki-woo . the sibling look ridiculous . head touch the ceiling . huddle on top of the toilet seat . chung - sook pop in . chung-sook no text from pizza time ? 2,000 more box and it 's payday . int . semi - basement - later 3 the family sit among pile of unassembled pizza box and fold they in silence . the crunch of cardboard be the only sound as the cheap pizza time logo come in and go out of the foreground . they hear a truck rattling closer . through the window , they see a STREET fumigation truck spew gas as it pass by . the fog roll closer to the window . KI - jung ( to ki-woo ) Close the window . KI - tek leave it . free fumigation . get rid of the damn cricket . ki-woo , who be about to close the window , sit back down . the fog quickly envelop the family as they continue to fold . it 's rather poignant . a family brave through tear- induce fume just to make a meager live . chung-sook ( gasp ) shit ! KI - jung ( cough ) I tell you to close it ! chung -sook fuck I . 4. ki- tek continue fold despite he red , bulg face . he desperately hold back he cough . ki- woo go to the bathroom and return moment later with he phone . he show the family a gif he download . KI - woo watch . if we all fold like this girl , we might even get pay today . the gif show '' the World 's fastest pizza box folder , '' a white girl with dazzle box -fold skill . she 's fast . the family watch in awe . inspire by the clip , they start fold with renew vigor . ki- tek also pick up speed , but he lack the dexterity of the other . he 's get more and more sloppy . int / ext . semi - basement - entrance - late afternoon 4 through the half - open door , we see the female pizza shop owner stand outside the entrance . quirky appearance . pizza time T-shirt . pizza shop owner look at this for example . this shitty fold job here . the owner show chung - sook a botch corner . pizza shop owner ( cont ’d ) one out of four . one -fourth of the box be unusable . one out of four ? the family all look at ki- tek . he just smile . innocent as ever . chung - sook ( sigh ) still , you can not cut ten percent from my pay . that 's too much . later -- ki-woo help a man load box into a van . ki- tek look out from the apartment window , watch chung -sook squabble with the pizza shop owner . pizza shop owner I should pay even less consider the number of botch box . chung -sook we be barely make anything to begin with . pizza shop owner look . it 's not that simple . each ruin box exponentially tarnishes we brand 's image . chung -sook you '' brand '' ? you only have two store in Seoul . fuck this -- pizza shop owner what do you say ? ki-woo quickly step in , diffuse the situation with a easy smile . KI - woo it 's that kid , be not it ? pizza shop owner what be you talk about ? KI - woo the part- timer at you shop . he go mia , do not he ? during such a crucial time too . you have a large group order from the Love of Christ Church . that 's why you and you husband be out here work you bottom off . pizza shop owner how do you know that ? who tell you ? KI - woo that kid , he 's my friend . KI - jung totally unreliable . not -so - stellar reputation . KI - woo I understand you be upset . ten percent ? Fine , we accept . that 's completely within you authority . however -- pizza shop owner however what ? KI - woo would you consider hire a new employee ? KI - jung Fire the loser who bail on you . the owner just stare at the smile sibling . what the hell be this people ? KI - woo I can come in for a interview tomorrow . what would be a good time for you ? pizza shop owner wait . hold on . I need to think about this -- the owner sense a trap and try to get out of it . she take out a few bill from she fanny pack and start count one by one . the family all stare . it 's be a while since they have see money . int . semi - basement - early evening 5 the ' master bedroom 's next to the entrance . Wall adorn with picture of a young chung - sook compete at a national track and field championship as a student athlete . a shot putter . great upper body glimpse through tight uniform . no picture of ki- tek . early evening . it 's darker . the four family member be gather around a table fill with various store - buy food . ki-tek what a special occasion . the four of we gather here to celebrate the partial reactivation of we phone as well as we son 's upcoming job interview with a national franchise . ki- tek try to deliver a heartfelt speech like a tv patriarch but severely lack the gravitas . chung - sook and ki-jung be already drink they beer . KI - woo cheer ! ki-tek to family ! ( be : window ) that son of a bitch . it 's not even dark yet ! the family turn to see -- a drunk man teeter toward the semi-basement window . they face slowly fill with dread . chung-sook how many time do I tell you ? we need to put up a '' no urinating '' sign . ki-tek it will make they want to do it even more . it 's psychology . KI - jung ( to ki-woo ) go yell at he or something ! KI - woo it 's not the right timing -- the drunk man have not unzip he pants , still hover uncertainly in the dark corner . ki- woo ( cont ’d ) ( hesitates ) I need to catch he in the act . chung-sook be not it fuck obvious ? just kick he out ! KI - jung ( to herself ) I hate this place . ki- woo get up , still unsure , when -- voice ( 0.s. ) hey , mister ! a voice boom from afar . behind the drunk man , we see a handsome , well - build young man climb off a fancy scooter . this be min -hyuk , 24 . he walk over with a large BOX in he hand . KI - jung be that min-hyuk ? chung-sook it be . ki-woo be surprised to see min-hyuk , who continue to yell at the would - be public urinater . min-hyuk what do you think you be do ? you think this be a public toilet ? drunk man I , uh -- min-hyuk what be you look at ! cowed by min-hyuk 's presence , the drunk man quickly skedaddle away . ki- tek tap ki-woo on the shoulder . a smitten apartment . KI - tek you friend have mucho cajone . chung-sook it 's that college student glow . look at that confidence . KI - jung which ki-woo obviously do not have . ki-jung admire min-hyuk as he walk over to the he enter . min -hyuk how be you , Mr. and Mrs. Kim ! KI - tek min-hyuk ! good to see you , son ! KI - woo what 's with the surprise appearance ? min -hyuk I texted you . ( to ki-jung ) hey , ki-jung . ki- jung smile shyly as she nod . ki- woo search through he text message . KI - woo we could have meet somewhere else . you do not have to come all this way . min-hyuk I bring this . min-hyuk show ki-woo the box . min -hyuk ( cont ’d ) it 's heavy so I have to bring it on my bike . KI - jung what 's this ? ki-jung lift the flap to see a uniquely shape stone and a wooden display stand inside . min -hyuk ( to ki- tek ) when I tell my grandfather I be go to see ki-woo , he give I this . ki-tek whoa . ki- tek pick up the large stone . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) this be a precious view stone . be this a abstract specimen ? min-hyuk you know you stone , Mr. Kim . pop - pop 's be collect view stone since he academy day . we house be literally fill with this thing -- live room , study , basement ... this one be suppose to bring luck . and money . KI - woo how perfect for we . symbolic . ki-tek yes , how serendipitous . please send he we sincere regards . chung-sook ( to herself ) he should have bring food . ki- jung stab chung - sook with she finger . fortunately min-hyuk do not hear . as a beam ki- tek continue to show off useless stone trivia 10 . cur to : ext . neighborhood store - night 6 min-hyuk and ki-woo sit at a portable table outside the store , drink soju and chase it with chip . min-hyuk 's expensive foreign scooter be park behind he . it visually clash with the old grocery store and run-down alley . min-hyuk I have to bring that stupid rock , but it be nice to see you folk . they look good . KI - woo they be not as good as they look . they be all jobless . min -hyuk ki-jung 's at home too ? she do not take college prep class ? KI - woo it 's not that she do not want to . she can not . ki-woo downs a shot of soju . min-hyuk look at ki-woo . he have something to say . he take out he phone and show ki-woo -- a picture of a brightly smile teenage girl . High school uniform . innocent . min-hyuk cute , right ? KI - woo be that she ? the girl you be tutoring ? min-hyuk nod . min-hyuk Park da-hae . a sophomore . I want you to tutor she . take over for I as she English teacher . KI - woo that make no sense . min-hyuk her family 's load . the gig pay really well . 11 . that get ki-woo 's attention . he look at the picture again . min -hyuk ( cont ’d ) she 's a good kid . I want you to look after she until I come back from the study - abroad program . KI - woo you have plenty of friend at school . why do you want a high - school grad to teach you prize student ? min-hyuk why do you think ? I shudder just think about that female - starve engineering student drool around she like hungry wolf . it 's revolting . ki-woo study min-hyuk . KI - woo ( laugh ) you like she , do not you ? min -hyuk ( nod ) I be serious about she . I be go to ask she out in two year , once she 's in college . I want you to take care of she while I be go . I trust you . KI - woo I appreciate the trust , but you want I to pretend I be a college student ? min -hyuk ki-woo , think about it . how many time have you take the college entrance exam ? twice before you military service and twice after -- a grand total of four time . Grammar , vocabulary , composition , speak . you be a English master . Far more qualified as a tutor than I be . better than that spoiled college brat who drow they brain cell in booze everyday . KI - woo that may be true but -- you think the family would accept I ? I be not even a college student . min -hyuk we will embellish a little . you 's 1ll be fine . you ’1ll have my recommendation . and the mother be a bit -- 12 . min-hyuk pick up he glass to drink when he suddenly become thoughtful . he smile . min -hyuk ( cont ’d ) she 's simple . Young . and simple . KI - woo ( English ) simple ? what do you mean ? min -hyuk ( English ) I do not know . just simple . min-hyuk and ki-woo start converse in English for no reason . they be fluent . min -hyuk ( cont ’d ) I hear ki-jung be handy with photoshop . int . internet cafe - day ki-jung be work at the computer , click the mouse and tapping various keyboard shortcut with dizzying speed . like a magician . on the monitor be a document -- '' certificate of enrollment . '' with laser focus , ki-jung refine the edge of the red certification seal . KI - woo this be amazing . how come you keep fail the art school exam ? KI - jung shut up , dickwad . the sibling work discreetly in the corner of the large internet café . KI - woo take you time . ( look around ) we should hold off on the printing until the place clear out . she 's 13 . int . semi - basement - day 8 ki- tek be on the floor lay he head on the view stone . he admire the freshly print enrollment certificate . KI - tek look at this . there should be a major for document forgery at Seoul National University . ki- jung would be top of the class . chung-sook shut up and wish the boy good luck for he interview . ki-tek my son -- ki- tek sit up . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) I be so proud of you . a slightly awkward and embarrassing moment . they all know ki- woo do nothing to be proud of . ki-woo finish touch up he hair in front of the mirror . he pick up the fake certificate . KI - woo I do not consider this a crime . no. because I plan on go to this school next year . ki-tek that 's my son . man with a plan . KI - woo I be just use some of they administrative service in advance . ext . rich neighborhood - road - day 9 a quiet road snake up the hill of a wealthy neighborhood . High wall . not a pedestrian in sight . except ki-woo , who consult the map on he phone as he walk up the hill , backpack strapped . he look around . walk faster . 14 . 10 ext . mansion - gate - day 10 ki-woo stand in front of the gate , which be at the top of a steep stairway . he wait through the melodic doorbell until a voice finally answer . the voice be middle - age , female . female voice ( speaker ) who be it ? KI - woo Mrs. Park ? hi , I be min-hyuk 's friend -- female voice ( speaker ) oh , hello . please come in . clank . the gate be unlock , and ki-woo walk into -- a gorgeously manicured garden line with majestic tree ki-woo stop midway and admire the tree , overcome with awe . mun-kwang ( 0.s. ) quite a view , be not it ? KI - woo Mrs. Park , pleasure to meet you . mun-kwang oh , no . I be the housekeeper . please follow I . mun -kwang , 45 , fashionable and poise enough to be mistaken for the owner , lead ki-woo inside . KI - woo stun garden . mun-kwang the inside be even more stun . 11 int . mansion - day 11 ki-woo carefully follow mun-kwang inside . indeed , the interior be stun . but not excessive . the furniture and decoration be all tasteful . mun-kwang do you know namgoong hyunja ? the famous Korean - french architect ? ki-woo be blank . 15 . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) this use to be he house . he build it . KI - wwoo I see . mun -kwang now it 's just da- hae 's house . mun-kwang stop just short of the fabulous live room overlook the garden , arrive at the equally fabulous and spacious -- kitchen / dine room she seat ki-woo at the large wooden table . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) please wait here . i’11 get Mrs. Park . mun-kwang exit , and ki-woo be leave alone in silence . he quietly get up and look around . there 's some kind of avant - garde art hang on the wall . next to it , he see a typical Korean family portrait take at a studio . ki- woo walk over to the window , which overlook the backyard . he see -- a woman doze off at the patio table . English magazine open on the table . head tilt comically . only she soft white neck be visible . this be yon - kyo , 41 . mun-kwang walk over and clap she hand loudly next to yon - kyo 's ear . yon - kyo suck she drool in and slowly raise she head . we hear they muffle voice through the window . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) the tutor be here . yon-kyo what do you think of he ? mun-kwang ( smile ) I do not know , but he 's handsome . 12 16 . int . mansion - kitchen - day 12 yon - kyo sit with ki-woo at the dining table . she pull out the fake certificate halfway , glimpsis at it , then put it back in . ki-woo be nervous . even the dog , cradle in yon - kyo 's arm , be watch he . pant . disapprove . yon-kyo I do not care about papers . I only want to see you because you be recommend by min-hyuk . I guess you two be good friend . ki-woo listen quietly . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I be sure you know better than I do , but min-hyuk be just the most brilliant human be . I do not even care about the grade . Da - hae and I absolutely adore he . do you know what I mean ? KI - woo of course . yon -kyo we just love he so much . I want he to stay with da- hae through she college exam next year , but now he 's leave to study abroad and I be suddenly leave without a tutor . I mean , what be I suppose to do ? ki-woo listen , respectful . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) Excuse my bluntness , but I just do not see the point of hire someone unless he 's as utterly outstanding as min-hyuk , you know ? mun-kwang sneak a glance at ki-woo as she bring coffee over to the table , check he out . clink . she set it down loudly in front of ki-woo . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I guess what I want to ask be -- would it be okay if I sit in for today 's class ? I want to see the whole thing . judge for myself . I would like to see you -- method . 13 14 17 . KI - wwoo uh ... yon -kyo ( English ) be that okay with you ? yon - kyo suddenly blurt out a question in English . her English be terrible . int . mansion - staircase - day 13 ki- woo follow yon - kyo up the large , oppressive staircase , try he best not look at she conspicuously sway hip . he arrive on the second floor where he see -- a long hallway with several door on each side . int . mansion - da - hae 's room - late afternoon 14 a large , pretty room . yon - kyo and she dog be sit on the bed watch ki-woo . the attention do not bother ki-woo , who be calmly focus on da - hae as she work through a practice test . KI - woo be you sure about question 14 ? da-hae ( hesitant ) be it wrong ? KI - woo I be ask you . what do you gut say ? do you think number 14 be right ? da- hae shrink . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) you be work on other question before you come back to 14 . be I right ? da-hae yes . ki- woo suddenly snatch da-hae 's wrist , shocking both da-hae and she mom . he press he thumb gently and feel she pulse like doctor . 18 . KI - woo if this be a real test and number 14 be the first question , you would have be in trouble from the start . he press harder . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) see ? you pulse be irregular . you heart do not lie . da- hae turn bright red . yon - kyo be speechless , either appal or in awe . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) what be you suppose to do ina test ? you move forward . you need to seize the flow . the rhythm . if not , you be screw . I do not care about question number 14 . I only care about how you seize the flow . how you conquer the test as a whole . you get it ? da- hae be quiet . KI - woo ( cont ’d ) a test be all about confidence . ( English ) attitude . stun silence . ki- woo finally let go of da- hae 's wrist , revealing a round , pink spot where he hold she . ki-woo look over at yon - kyo . she 's completely floor . ki- woo ( cont ’d ) I know . you be angry . frustrate . you work so hard . study until you nose ble . but you test score be not improve . you keep ask yourself , ' what be I do wrong ? 's that triggers something in da-hae . emotion swell , and she pupil tremble . KI - woo ( cont ’d ) I be here to prepare you for the real thing . I be not here to help you learn . I be here to help you score . 19 . 15 int . mansion - kitchen - evening 15 close on a thick money envelope be hand to ki-woo . yon -kyo I 'il pay you each month on this day . as for the lesson , I be think three time a week ? Monday , Wednesday , Friday ? KI - woo that sound good . yon -kyo it 's a little more than what min- hyuk use to get . cost of live and so forth . KI - woo thank you . as ki-woo put away the envelope , mun -kwang bring over a fruit plate . she 's noticeably friendlier than before . yon -kyo ( to mun-kwang ) I guess it 's time to get to know each other . Mr. Kevin will be da- hae 's English teacher . mun-kwang of course ! Mr. Kevin , you let I know if you need anything at all during you lesson -- snack , drink , whatever . KI - woo I appreciate it . yon -kyo feel free to pester she if you need anything in this house . she 's the expert . she know it better than I do . they continue exchange pleasantry when -- thunk . a plastic arrow fly in and hit mun-kwang 's shoulder . when ki-woo look over -- it 's a boy in a Native american costume about to shoot another arrow . this be da - song , 10 , the youngest Park . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) Da - song ! behave yourself . we have a guest ! 20 . Da - song do not care . he continue shoot . mun- kwang be use to the antic . she pick up a arrow and rub it in she armpit . mun-kwang ( silly laugh ) armpit attack ! da -song no !! it stink ! da- song pluck a toy axe from he belt and start run in ' slow motion 's toward mun-kwang . he scream like a warrior . mun- kwang do the same , flail in fake slow motion . they make quite a pair . yon -kyo ( sigh ) I apologize . we son be a little -- unique . KI - woo unique be good . yon -kyo he have trouble focus . adhd . we sign he up for the cub scout hope the discipline would help , but he 's become a even bigger weirdo . now he 's obsessed with Indians -- KI - woo ( laugh ) the scout have root in american indian culture , so he have the right idea . yon -kyo you be a scout too ? KI - woo yes , I learn a lot as a scout . yon -kyo look how fine you turn out . what 's wrong with he ? ( then , serious ) he 's actually a art prodigy , you know . do you see the drawing ? ( be : picture on the wall ) that be he . 16 21 . ki-woo turn toward the avant -garde drawing on the wall . he gaze for a long moment . KI - woo a lot of symbolism . such strong point of view . yon -kyo right ? strong . I know you would get it , Mr. Kevin . ki-woo take a couple of step back and admire the drawing with a serious face . KI - woo I see . it 's a interpretation of a chimpanzee . yon -kyo it 's a self - portrait . awkward . cricket chirp as da- song and mun-kwang continue to battle it out in the background . KI - woo of course . we grow - up be too jade to see true genius . ext . mansion - garden - evening 16 yon -kyo that must be why . we have go through dozen of art teacher . they never last more than a month . of course Da - song be a bit much to handle . ki- woo nod . yon - kyo have come to see he out with the dog in she arm . the gate open . ki- woo begin to step out when he stop . KI - woo actually ... Mrs. park. yon -kyo yes ? KI - woo someone just happen to come to my mind . her name be -- 17 22 . through yon - kyo 's Pov , we see the back of ki-woo 's head as he seemingly int . hair try to remember . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) girl 's generation . the girl group . what be she name -- the one who start the jewelry brand ? yon -kyo jessica ? KI - woo right ! jessica . my cousin have a school friend name jessica . I do not know she Korean name . she study apply art at Illinois State and recently move back to Korea . yon -kyo ah , Illinois State . what about she ? KI - woo she also tutor , and she 's know to have a very unique approach to teach art . most of all , she know how to handle kid . yon -kyo ( interested ) be that so ? KI - woo she 's a bit of a celebrity in tutoring circle . her style isa little unorthodox , but it still get kid into good art school . yon -kyo she sound fantastic . I be so curious . KI - woo would you be interested in meeting she ? she 's very busy so I be not sure if I 'il be able to get a appointment --— salon - day KI - jung jessica ? ( laugh ) why jessica . so tacky . 17 18 23 . ki-jung be get she hair do at the neighborhood shop . ki- woo be suck on a popsicle on the sofa behind she . KI - woo it have a nice ring . anyhow . she 's a nice lady . Young . not the brightest tool in the shed . the money be good , and most of all , she 's a ' believer . 's chung-sook she 's religious ? track back to reveal -- chung - sook and ki- tek sit next to ki-jung , also get they hair trim . KI - woo no , it 's just -- she tend to trust people rather easily . they become thoughtful . ki- tek break the silence . KI - tek she sound like a great lady . KI - woo right ? chung -sook yeah . the family member all nod . a strange excitement appear on they face . ext . mansion - gate - late afternoon 18 ki-woo and ki-jung both take a deep breath in front of the gate . ki- jung look like a completely new person with short , stylish hair and makeup . ki-woo be about to ring the doorbell when ki-jung stop he . she suddenly start clap a beat with she hand . KI - jung ( sing ) jessica , only child , Chicago Illinois / my classmate jin- Mo be cousin of Kevin she sing she ' bio’ to the tune of a catchy Korean oldie . ki- woo join . silly . ridiculous . but you can sense a real sibling bond . 19 20 24 . finally ki-woo press the button , and the doorbell ring throughout the quiet neighborhood . int . mansion - kitchen - evening 19 we find da- song at the bottom of the stair peek inside the kitchen where -- yon - kyo be interview ki-jung . they talk quietly . formal . serious . ki- woo sit a few foot away . da- hae tiptoe down from second floor and see Da - song peek . she flick he forehead and send he upstairs . she then look inside the kitchen herself . she focus on ki- jung , scrutinize , suspicious . KI - woo I should go upstairs for my lesson . I x11 let you two talk . ( to ki-jung ) jessica , nice meeting you . ki- woo get up and nod to ki-jung . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) I 'il see you next time . ki- jung also stand up , cordial . KI - jung thank you , Kevin . da- hae see ki-woo come and run back up the stair . int . mansion - da - hae 's room - evening 20 da- hae hurry back to she desk and pretend to work on she problem . the door open , and ki-woo enter . he sit next to da-hae . KI - woo where do we leave off ? number 17 ? da-hae you know -- KI - woo what be it ? da-hae you know it 's all a act , right ? my brother . 25 . KI - woo what be you talk about ? da-hae it 's all fake . acting all bizarro . like he 's a craze artist . he 's a big fraud . KI - woo da-song ? da-hae you know , like he would stop in the middle of the street and pretend he be strike by a sudden inspiration . KI - woo ( laugh ) randomly stare up at the cloud and ponder the shape ? something like that ? da -hae exactly ! he 's the worst ! and he act like he can not behave normal . like he 's completely perplex . make I want to puke . KI - woo so Da - song be a fraud . what do that have to do with you English problem ? dae - hae pout when ki-woo suddenly return to tutor mode . da-hae I be just say . KI - woo good . now that be all great description of da- song . why do not we use they to compose a paragraph in English ? you must use the word ' pretend 's at least twice . ki-woo , master tutor , skillfully guide the conversation back to the lesson . but Da - hae still have something on she mind . she put down she pen . da-hae can I ask you something ? 26 . KI - woo what now ? da-hae the teacher downstairs . Ms. jessica . be she really you cousin 's friend ? this catch ki-woo off guard . he disguise it with a smile . KI - woo I do not know what you be talk about . da -hae she 's you girlfriend , be not she ? ki- woo relax and laugh . he look at da- hae , who be all worried and serious . she 's cute . KI - woo come on . I just meet she today . da-hae ( pout ) she 's very pretty . not even interested ? KI - woo she be pretty . a beauty even . da-hae I know it . you be interested . KI - woo if you be a perfect ten , maybe she would be a six ? six-point - five ? a cheesy line , but da- hae smile , pleased . suddenly , she grab ki-woo 's wrist under the desk . she press it gently , feel he pulse . a bold , unexpected move on she part . ki-woo stare quietly at da-hae . slowly , they grow closer . lip converge . a soft , gentle kiss hold through silence until they hear footstep come up the stair . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) let 's study . da-hae right . 21 27 . int . mansion - 2 nd floor hallway - evening 21 yon - kyo and ki-jung pass da-hae 's room and walk toward da- song 's . yon - kyo turn to ki-jung , nervous . yon-kyo I should tell you . he 's not good at stay in one place . ( apologetic ) I hope you understand -- KI - jung it 's fine . ki- jung have no expression . nothing faze she . yon - kyo hesitates before finally open the door to reveal -- da - song 's room a huge clutter . cover with da-song 's drawing as well as picture of Native american tribesman . all kind of indian - theme toy . a teepee tent import from America . da- song be lie on the floor with a toy arrow tuck between he leg . stare at the ceiling . in he own world . this may also be a act . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) would you mind leave ? yon -kyo Excuse I ? KI - jung I do not allow parent to sit in during lesson . yon - kyo be surprised . she continue to linger , but ki-jung 's stare be unwaver . yon-kyo I just think , since it 's the first day -- as you can see , the boy be a bit -- KI - jung you should wait downstairs . yon - kyo finally back down , subdued by ki-jung 's authority . she walk out of the room . 22 28 . int . mansion - kitchen - night 22 tick tock tick tock . yon - kyo and mun-kwang nibble on nut as they pass time in the kitchen . the dog lick yon - kyo 's face , which be full of agony , worry , curiosity . mun- kwang see yon - kyo 's state -- mun-kwang would you like some plum extract ? I can add some honey . it 'il help you relax . yon -kyo what ? oh. sure . mun-kwang walk down a narrow set of stair to the -- storage basement stock with all kind of food , beverage , and other household necessity . on one side be a cabinet fill with numerous glass jar -- hand - extract plum , tangerine , and fig concentrate . mun-kwang pick up the plum bottle and twist the tightly lock lid when -- yon - kyo hurtle down the stair . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I have a idea ! this be what we will do ! mun-kwang what ? yon -kyo you will take two plum juice to da- song 's room . you be not a parent so you can go in . you will just be deliver the drink . mun-kwang you be right . i’11 take a quick peek and let you know how they be do . yon -kyo dammit . why do not I think of this before ? moment later -- 29 . mun-kwang and yon - kyo hurry back up the step with a cup of plum extract . they be startle to see -- ki-jung and da- song wait in the kitchen , already do with they lesson . yon - kyo try to hide she surprise . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) you guy be ... do ? ki-jung be hold a picture draw by da- song . Da - song be stand politely behind she . KI - jung Mrs. Park , will you please have a seat ? yon -kyo ( nervous ) sure . KI - jung Da - song , you go up . yon - kyo and mun-kwang be stunne to see -- Da - song obediently bow and head up the stair . what ?! ki- jung hand yon - kyo the draw . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) Da - song draw this today . yon - kyo be scared . she have no idea what 's go on . ki- jung clock mun-kwang peek over yon - kyo 's shoulder . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) I would like to speak to you alone . yon -kyo oh , this be -- KI - jung can you please give we a moment ? yon - kyo 's voice falter at ki-jung 's ice - cold demeanor . mun-kwang stare hard at ki-jung before walk away . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) I mention earlier that I be also study art therapy . yon -kyo yes , I remember -- 30 . KI - jung ( be : draw ) do something happen to da- song when he be in first grade ? yon - kyo yelp loudly ! she quickly cover she mouth . her hand start shaking . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) I feel a bit cautious about bring this up -- it 's the first day after all -- but I 'il need to know what happen to Da - song in order to truly understand he . yon-kyo when he be in first grade -- ( tearful ) I be sorry . I do not know if I can talk about this right now . KI - jung it 's fine . we can talk about it later . ki- jung put a finger on the draw . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) here . this lower section be what 's call the ' schizophrenia zone 's in psychology . it contain clue about the mental state of the child . do you see this particular shape draw here ? yon -kyo yes . yes , I do . yon - kyo suddenly look up from the draw and stare at the large frame picture on the wall . yon - kyo ( cont ’d ) my gosh ! it 's in the other draw too ! same spot ! ki- jung look back at the picture . KI - jung yes . same spot , same pattern . yon - kyo nod fervently . she sob harder . horrible mother . she feel like a 31 . yon-kyo I see that picture everyday . every time I eat . ( sob ) I have no idea . KI - jung you do not have to beat yourself up . this drawing be record of Da - song 's emotion . a black box of he soul . I have like to try and unlock that box . but I 'il need time . yon -kyo of course . please take as much time as you need . I can wait . KI - jung ( calm ) I suggest four two - hour session a week -- Monday , Tuesday , Thursday , Friday . this be different from regular tutoring -- it 's art therapy -- so I would need to be compensate at a higher rate . yon -kyo of course . I understand . ki-jung continue she performance as multi-certify art teacher and therapist jessica when -- we hear a car pull into the garage . moment later , dong - ik park , 45 , yon - kyo 's husband and da-song 's father , emerge from the stair next to the front entrance . we notice the automate motion - sensor light blink above the main entrance as Dong - ik walk in . yun , 31 , the driver , follow up with Dong - ik 's thing . yon -kyo ( cont 'd ) oh -- yon - kyo wipe she tear . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) Dong - ik . say hi to Ms. jessica , Da - song 's new art teacher . she just start today . ( to jessica ; in English ) jessica , this be Dong - ik . KI - jung ( curt ) hello . 23 32 . Dong - ik look tired . but even the fatigue add to he mystique and cool as a high - fly ceo . he share a brief handshake with ki-jung . dong -ik thank you for help da-song . ( to yon - kyo ) be they do for the day ? yon -kyo yes , they just finish . dong -ik ( to yun ) sorry yun , but be you busy tonight ? would you mind take Ms. jessica home ? I do not want she walk down the hill alone at night . int . dong - ik 's car - drive - night 23 ki- jung sit quietly in the back . she look quite natural in the backseat of the swanky mercede . yun sneak glance at ki-jung through the rearview mirror . ki- jung 's yun where do you live , Ms. jessica ? I might as well just drive you home -- KI - jung it 's fine . just drop I off at hyehwa Station . thank you . cold demeanor intrigue yun instead of put he off . he 's attract . he try again . yun look yun do not matter if it 's far . I be do for the day -- KI - jung I will get off at hyehwa . out the window . yun it look like it 's about to rain . I bet the mercede be way better than the subway -- 24 33 . KI - jung ( cut he off ) no . I be suppose to meet my boyfriend at the station . yun I see . yun 's smile disappear . he quietly turn the steering wheel . ki- jung stare at the back of yun 's head , think . then -- she slowly reach under she skirt and start roll down she underwear ! her eye twinkle in the dark as she hold the remove underwear in she hand . int . buffet restaurant - day 24 ki- tek plate budget ki-woo KI - jung do you drive benze when you be a designate driver ? ki-tek not when I be at the designate driver service . I drive a lot of they when I be a valet . KI - jung when be you a valet ? chung -sook after the fry chicken and before the taiwanese castella . about six month , I have say ? KI - tek Nah . it be after the castella shop go bust . and family stack food onto they already mountainous as they move along the buffet line . they be at a large restaurant frequent by bus and taxi driver . make sure no one be listen before -- KI - woo we be already start phase Three ? KI - jung I plant a little trap in the mercede . we will see if he bite . 34 . KI - woo then it 's begin . ( look around ) Father , how amazing be this ? we just so happen to be eat at a buffet for driver . how symbolic ! ki- tek do not get it but beam anyway . ki-tek this place be amazing ! you guy eat as much as you want ! chung-sook you be not even buy , you big bum . they be . ki- tek be still happy . he 's grow immune to chung - sook 's insult . KI - tek here . he put some of he meat on ki-woo 's plate . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) have some of this , Son . KI - woo thanks , dad ! ( to ki-jung ) by the way , what do you say to Mrs. Park yesterday ? KI - jung why ? KI - woo she be over the moon about you . say that you be a godsend . a freaking miracle fedex from heaven . KI - jung ( laugh ) I just google ' art therapy 's and do a little improv , and she just lose she shit . start cry like a baby . can not believe how gullible she be . 25 26 35 . int . dong - ik 's car - drive - night 25 Dong - ik be go through some papers in the back when one drop under the seat . as he reach down to grab it -- he see a vague white shape beneath the passenger seat . he pick it up . a pair of woman 's underwear . ki- jung 's . Dong - ik look disgust . he stare hard at the back of yun 's head before put the underwear in he pocket . int . mansion - entrance - night 26 Dong - ik rush up the garage stair . he pass the blink motion - sensor light and stomp toward the -- kitchen yon -kyo what 's wrong ? something happen ? Dong - ik check to see if the kid be around . dong -ik it 's yun . that son of a bitch . I find this under the car seat . Dong - ik pull out the panty from he pocket . yon - kyo gasp , shocked . perhaps more outrage than necessary . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) you pay he well , do not you ? he do not have money to go toa hotel ? be he save that money for something ? yon -kyo maybe he 's a sexual deviant ? he might get off on do it in he boss 's car . yon - kyo see -- Dong - ik be in no mood . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , babe . I have no idea that he be such a perv . dong -ik I do not care who or what he screw . that 's he business . I get it . he 's a young guy . ( more ) 36 . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) but why do he have to do it in my car ? and why in the backseat ? that 's my space . be he try to mark he territory ? with he dirty cum stain ? Son of a bitch cross the line . yon - kyo do not know what to do . her husband rarely get this upset . Dong - ik calm down and look at the underwear . dong - ik ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) you know what 's even weirder ? yon -kyo ( nervous ) what ? dong - ik do not you see ? think about it . yon - kyo be freak out of she mind . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) so they have sex in the car . it 's not unusual to leave behind a few strand of hair , maybe a earring . but how do you forget you underwear ? yon -kyo it 's true . you do not just forget to put on you knicker . dong -ik that 's why . I be more concerned by he -- partner . her mental state . do you know what I mean ? Dong - ik check the surroundings before whisper something in yon - kyo 's ear . yon -kyo noooo -- ( turn pale ) like methamphetamine ? Cocaine ? dong -ik shhhh ! yon-kyo what do we do ? if they find some kind of white powder in you car , we be all doom ! 37 . dong -ik calm down , babe . relax . we do not want to go too far . not yet . for now it 's just a suspicion . a well - found one . as the Parks continue to fret over the panty , camera boom up to reveal -- ki- jung stand on the stair with she bag , listen to the conversation . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) we can not even take something like this to the police . and it would look ridiculous if I try to interrogate he . what would I say ? '' yun , do you have sexual intercourse in my car ? '' ( then ) that 's why I be think -- yon -kyo yes , dear . dong -ik you have to take care of this . come up with some kind of bland , harmless reason . let he go quietly . do not even mention the panty . or the intercourse . yon -kyo I understand . we do not want the neighborhood bird gossipe about the Parks 's driver sex up the boss 's car . dong -ik exactly . we name will forever be link with he disgusting behavior . yon - kyo nod , then think . yon -kyo you do not think yun would post something online , do you ? go ona twitter vendetta ? he could announce to the whole world that he be unfairly fire by a famous tech ceo . 27 38 . dong -ik we will pay he severance . enough to keep he quiet . just choose you word carefully when you let he go . then we will be fine . just then ki-jung start walk down the stair . stepping loudly so the Parks can hear . yon - kyo leap out of she seat . Dong - ik quickly hide the underwear and put on a awkward smile . yon -kyo ( smile ) be you guy do ? how be da- song today ? ext . mansion - garden - night 27 yon - kyo and ki-jung walk toward the gate . yon - kyo sidle up to ki-jung , act friendlier than usual . yon -kyo Ms. jessica , I want to ask . the other night , when yun take you home ... KI - jung yes ? yon -kyo this may sound weird but -- do anything happen that night ? KI - jung no . I go straight home . yon - kyo good , good . ( relieved ) that 's good to hear . KI - jung such a nice man . I ask he to drop I off at hyehwa Station , but he keep insist that he would take I home . yon -kyo ( raise she voice ) so the bastard go to you house ? at night ? he know where you live ? KI - jung no . I just get off at hyehwa . 39 . yon -kyo ( sigh ) thank God . you do the right thing . ( English ) Nice , jessica . KI - jung do something happen to he ? yon - kyo open the gate . yon -kyo he , well -- he will not be work for we anymore . there be a bit of a incident . you do not need to know the detail . KI - jung that 's too bad . he seem like a nice man . yon -kyo you be so precious , Ms. jessica . so innocent . you still have a lot to learn about this world . ki- jung stifles she laughter as she walk down the step . she see mun-kwang walk back home with the Parks 's three dog in the distance . yon - kyo wave at they . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) ( sigh ) we use to like he too . we be excited to have a driver who be young and hip . KI - jung I think most people prefer older driver . yon -kyo yes , it 's true . older driver tend to drive more carefully . they be more sophisticated . KI - jung my uncle have a driver who be like that . Mr. Kim . a real gentleman . such a kind man . we use to follow he like a uncle . yon -kyo really ? 28 40 . KI - jung yes . he be such a warm and kindhearted person . unfortunately , my uncle be transfer to Chicago and have to let Mr. Kim go . I do not know what he 's do this day -- yon-kyo I be very interested in this person , Ms. jessica . do you think I could meet he ? as you can see , it 's become harder and harder for I to trust people . I will not hire anyone unless they be recommend by people I absolutely , positively trust . I just have a feel he could be a great candidate since you grow up with he and all . mun-kwang walk within earshot and hear the conversation . her curiosity be pique . the dog wag they tail and swarm yon -kyo . KI - jung would you like to meet he ? ( English ) be you serious ? yon -kyo ( English ) I be deadly serious . ( Korean ) I think this be the best way to hire people . through people I trust . it 's like a , what should I call it -- yon - kyo make a peculiar hand gesture . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) ' belt of trust . 's as the scene 's theme music ( title '' the belt of trust '' ) begin to play , we cut to the inside of a -- int . mercede 28 ki- tek be in the driver seat . we do not know whose car this be or where we be . he try buckle the seat belt . press various button on the instrument panel . 29 30 41 . ki-woo be in the backseat , tell he father to try this and that . when some people approach , the pair hop out of the car and move onto another one , revealing that -- we be inside a large mercede dealership in the middle of gangnam . ki- tek and ki-woo continue to explore brand new benze , share quality father and son time . int . dong - ike company - ceo office - day 29 a office overlook Seoul 's soar skyscraper . Dong - ik be in a meeting with he hod 's . he suddenly look up at the other side of the glass wall where -- ki- tek be sit in a chair , wait patiently to be see . dong -ik ( mouth ) sorry . I will . be. right . with. you . KI - tek do not worry , sir . ( mouth & gesture ) take . your. time . int . dong - ik 's car - drive - late afternoon 30 dong -ik this be not a test or anything so you do not have to be nervous . I just want to get out of the office . I be die in there . ki- tek be in the driver seat . ( " the belt of trust '' continue under the scene . ) KI - tek I understand . you be surround by people all day . I be sure you want some peace in the car . ki- tek turn off the car 's navigation . dong -ik thank you . you must know you way around the city . ki-tek every highway , road , and alley south of the dmz . when you do this for 30 year , it become second nature . 31 42 . dong -ik I admire people who work in one profession they whole life . ki-tek it 's a simple job really . but I take pride in it . every morning , I go on a journey . with a father , a ceo , or just a solitary man walk through life . it 's a sort of companionship -- dong -ik ah . ki-tek that 's how I have treat my job for the past 30 year . how time fly . the word drip with cheese , but somehow they sound heartfelt when ki- tek say it with he humble stammer . as the music crest toward a climax -- ki- tek turn the wheel , make a smooth leave turn . dong - ik exquisite corner -work . I can feel you experience . int . mansion - stair - night 31 as music continue -- slow motion of ki-jung gracefully , rhythmically walk down the stair . she find -- mun- kwang doze off at the dining table . lightly snore . dog circle she foot . ki- jung stare for a long moment . as she walk past the dining room -- she slap the wall loudly , shocking mun- kwang out of she daydream . mun-kwang act like she be not sleep . KI - jung ( v.0o . ) she 's a old fox . she act like she 's Mrs. Park 's sister . 43. 32 int . mansion - da - hae 's room - night 32 mun-kwang leave a plate of fruit for ki-woo and da-hae . ki- woo stare at she intently as she walk out . KI - woo ( v.0 . ) she 's be in the house the longest . long than the family . she use to work for the previous owner , the architect namgoong hyunja , who recommend she to the Parks when he move to France . told they she take great care of the house and so on -- 33 int . pizza time - day 33 chung-sook so she survive a ownership change . KI - woo ( nod ) it 's a make job . of course she will not just let go . KI - jung if we want to extract she , we ’1ll need to do some prep work . KI - woo that 's right . we need a plan . chung -sook , ki-woo , and ki-jung be sit at the corner table . we notice the tacky pizza time logo everywhere . the pizza shop owner ( from scene 4 ) begrudgingly bring a combination pizza over to the table . she hate that she have to serve this loser . chung-sook hey , how about some more hot sauce here ? the owner pick up a hot sauce from the other table and drop it in front of chung -sook . chung -sook mouth ' bitch 's as the owner walk away . ki- woo study the hot sauce . he pick it up and squirt two drop on a blank napkin , as if testing something . 34 35 36 37 44 , KI - woo there 's something that da- hae tell I . int . mansion - da - hae 's room - night 34 da -hae I be so sick of apple . I want peach . KI - woo then why do not you just ask for they ? da- hae be gripe about the fruit plate mun-kwang bring . she pick up a apple slice and lovingly feed it to ki-woo . da-hae ( pout ) we can not have peach . it 's a forbidden fruit in we house . int . neighborhood store - day 35 ki-jung pick up a peach from the fruit section . she hold it in the sunlight and carefully examine the soft fuzz surround it . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) the housekeeper have a severe peach allergy . if she even go near a peach , she ’1ll turn red and start hyperventilate . full - on asthma attack . do everything but kill she . int . semi - basement - kitchen - day 36 use a sharp razor , ki-woo meticulously shave off the fuzz around the peach . he deposit the fuzz in a transparent pen cap . haunting , nerve -scraping music play underneath . ext . mansion - garden - late afternoon 37 ki- woo walk out of the house after another lesson . he bow to mun-kwang , who be in the yard hand out treat to the dog . ki- woo take out he pen as he pass mun-kwang . he open the cap and gently pour peach fuzz over she shoulder . 38 39 40 45 . ext . mansion - road - night 38 ki-woo have just walk out of the gate when he hear violent coughing from inside . it 's mun-kwang . he casually walk down the hill as the cough echoe throughout the neighborhood , create a discordant harmony with the music . int . hospital - hallway - day 39 mun-kwang be on the bench talk on she phone . still cover in red spot . she 's unaware that -- ki- tek be watch she from several foot away . he take out he phone and snap a selfie , make sure to include mun-kwang in the background . mun-kwang ( into she phone ) it be the worst one I ever have . I be sure I be go to die . no. I be tell you . no peach for mile . that 's what I be say . it 's drive I nut ! int . department store - underground garage - day 40 yon - kyo carry a bunch of shopping bag out of the department store . ki- tek be wait at the mercede . he open the trunk and put yon - kyo 's bag in . when he 's do , he continue to linger . he hesitates before take out he phone . KI - tek Mrs. Park . I , um , I do not know if this be worth mention , but I want to make sure . he show yon - kyo a photo on he phone . KI - tek ( cont 'd ) this person behind I . be that -- yon -kyo what -- hey , that 's mun-kwang ! ki-tek so it be she . I do not quite remember she face . I have only see she a couple of time when I go up to the house . 46 . yon-kyo where be this from ? be that a hospital ? ki-tek yes . I be at the hospital the other day for a annual check - up . I be take a selfie to send my wife when I see she behind I . yon - kyo look closely at the picture . yon -kyo look like she 's talk on the phone . ki-tek yes , see -- I do not mean to , but I end up overhear -- 41 int . semi - basement - live room - day ( flashback ) 41 KI - tek ( stammer ) I , uh , do not mean to eavesdrop , but I happen to be right there , and unfortunately , uh , overhear everything -- KI - woo cut , stop right there . dad , you be overdo it . the worry thing . tone it down . I can tell you be act . ki- tek rehearse he ' scene , 's hold a piece of paper with he line . KI - woo ( cont ’d ) action ! 42 int . mercede - drive - day 42 ki-tek I really do not mean to . I be right there , and I just happen to overhear . yon -kyo ( interested ) what do you hear ? 43 44 45 46 ki- tek look at yon - kyo through the rearview mirror . a hesitant beat before open he mouth . ki-tek I do not know if I should say -- int . semi - basement - live room - day ( flashback ) KI - woo ( act ) I hear she say that she be -- diagnose with tuberculosis ! int . mercede - drive - day yon - kyo ( stunne ) tuberculosis ! be you sure ? ki-tek what be it -- '' active pulmonary tuberculosis . '' she be talk on the phone , and she seem very upset . like she be angry at herself . int . semi - basement - live room - day ( flashback ) KI - woo ( female voice ) I do not even know tuberculosis be still a thing . int . mercede - drive - day yon -kyo I do not even know tuberculosis be still a thing . KI - tek neither do I . I remember year ago we use to buy that seal for Christmas , but I think it be all over . you should look it up . Korea still have the high tuberculosis rate among oecd country . yon -kyo I can not believe that mun-kwang -- ( emotional ) how could she not tell I ? I can not -- 47 . he take 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 48. ki- tek I be not sure if I should say anything , but I feel like you should know . I mean , she be just go about she business like everything be normal . there be young child in the house . Da - song be only ten . and this woman , with she tuberculosis , be in the kitchen make food and touch the dish -- yon -kyo stop ! yon - kyo go into a shriek fit . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) please ! no more ! int . mansion - da - song 's room - late afternoon 47 the art lesson be in progress . ki- jung have da- song in she lap . she touch Da - song 's face with she cheek as she look at he draw . ki- jung 's cell phone ding . it 's a text from ki- tek -- '' eta 3 minute . get ready . '' int . mansion - stair - late afternoon 48 suspenseful music build as ki-jung descend the stair . when she remove she hand from she pocket , we see that it 's cover in soft peach fuzz . the fuzz glisten in the afternoon sunlight as ki-jung walk down to the -- kitchen where she open the fridge and remove a bottle of water . mun- kwang come over and hand she a glass . as ki-jung take the glass , she casually wipe the peach fuzz on mun-kwang 's hand . int . mansion - garage - late afternoon 49 we first time inside the garage . ki- tek carry the many shopping bag up the stair . yon - kyo follow when -- she hear violent coughing come from upstairs . 50 51 52 49 . int . mansion - entrance - late afternoon 50 yon - kyo be appal to see -- mun-kwang cough like a sick dog as she come out to greet she and ki- tek . mun-kwang try to take the bag from ki- tek , but the cough become unbearable , and she run to the -- kitchen she try to stifle she cough with a napkin . no use . she throw the napkin in the trash and rush to the bathroom . yon - kyo be horrify . it 's like watch ebola spread in front of she eye . ki- tek just stand there , stare quietly at the discard napkin in the kitchen . int . semi - basement - live room - evening ( flashback ) 51 KI - woo if you find a opportunity -- do it . just like we practice . it will be the cherry on top . int . mansion - entrance - late afternoon 52 ki- tek leave yon - kyo behind and walk over to the kitchen . he remove he hand from he pocket and reach into the trash can , at which point we cut to -- a pizza time hot sauce packet hide in ki- tek 's palm . ki- tek quickly squirt the red sauce on the napkin . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) we bloody finale . a terrify yon - kyo watch as ki- tek remove the ' bloody 's napkin from the trash . k ki - tek grimly hold it up in front of she . yon - kyo become dizzy . she close she eye to keep herself from fainting . the music that continue through the last several scene -- '' the belt of trust '' -- come to a dramatic end . 53 54 50 . int . mansion - stair - late afternoon 53 no more music . the house be quiet . we see a text from yon - kyo on ki- tek 's phone -- '' 2nd floor sauna . make sure she do not see you . '' ki- tek look around before quietly tread up the stair . int . mansion - sauna - late afternoon 54 a small , phone - booth -size sauna situate at the end of the hallway between the dress room and bathroom . as soon as ki- tek walk in , yon - kyo shut the door and pull down the roller shade . they be now inch away from each other in the tight space . Light seep in from outside , illuminate yon - kyo 's bloodshot eye and smear makeup . yon -kyo Mr. Kim , you have to promise you will not tell my husband . ki-tek of course . yon -kyo he can not find out that I have be keep that walk lung disease around the kid this whole time . he 'il kill I . KI - tek do not worry , Mrs. Park . ( then ) I do not want to step out of line , but I have a request as well . see , I have nothing personal against the housekeeper . ( whisper ) I only act out of a moral obligation to protect the health and safety of the public . I would not want Mr. Park to think that I be some kind of tattletale -- yon -kyo ( cut he off ) do not worry . I be not even go to mention the tuberculosis to mun-kwang . I '’11 come up with a completely unrelated reason . let she go quietly . 55 56 57 51 . KI - tek I see . yon -kyo ( sigh ) it 's the best way . I have do it before . ki-tek well , I trust you judgment . ki- tek put out he hand , as if he want to officialize they top-secret deal . they be share the most awkward handshake in the world when yon - kyo suddenly cringe . yon -kyo do you wash you hand , Mr. Kim ? int . mansion - kitchen / backyard - late evening 55 the backyard see through kitchen window . strong wind shake the tree . a storm be on route . yon - kyo be seat at the patio table with mun-kwang . her face be cold as she calmly explain something to she soon - to - be former housekeeper . mun-kwang 's face gradually turn dark . ext . mansion - road - late evening 56 mun- kwang carry a large bag down the hill . still in disbelief . devastate . her hair dance wildly in the rough wind . the sky be get darker . mun- kwang keep look back at the house as she walk away . she stop and stare at the firmly close gate for a long time . int . mercede - drive - night 57 it 's raining outside . dong - ik Mr. Kim , do you know a place where I can get some good short rib ? somewhere not too far . ki-tek of course . 52 . ki- tek turn the wheel and switch lane . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) you will be eat out tonight ? dong -ik yes . I suddenly have a craving for juicy short rib . since I can not have they at home now . ki- tek make a effortless u- turn across the large , eight - lane road . the raindrop on the window swerve diagonally . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) we housekeeper use to make the best short rib . ki-tek you mean the lady who just quit yesterday ? dong -ik she be with we for a long time . I do not know why she suddenly leave . Mrs. Park would not even tell I . I mean , there 's no shortage of housekeeper look for work so I guess we can just hire another one . but it 's a real pity . she be a great lady . KI - tek I see . dong -ik she take care of all the little thing in the house . and she be a tremendous cook . most importantly , she never cross the line . if there 's one thing I hate , it 's people who cross the line . well , I guess she do have one flaw . ( laugh ) she be a big eater . ate twice as much as other people . but I suppose she work twice as hard to make up for that . ki-tek I guess Mrs. Park will need to find a new housekeeper soon . 53 . dong -ik ( nod ) or the house will descend into chaos . I guarantee she will not be able to survive a week without one . shamble , I tell you . my clothes will start smell -- ( laugh ) Mrs. Park definitely win the worst homemaker award . do not know she way around a vacuum , and she cooking be just -- abysmal ! KI - tek but ... you still love she , do not you ? ki- tek 's suddenly serious comment catch Dong - ik off guard . silence . then Dong - ik start laugh . hard . dong -ik of course I love she ! I do not know what else you have call this . ki-tek then maybe you should look at this -- ki- tek remove a business card from he pocket and hand it to Dong - ik . on beautiful ivory - color stock , only the name , '' the Care , '' be print in elegant typography . no number . no address . dong -ik the Care ? what be this ? ki-tek I just find out about they recently too . it 's a membership - base total care company . cater to family of VIP 's like yourself . they provide maid , in - home caregiver , also driver like myself . from what I hear , they select only the best . the most experience worker . dong -ik look very nice . Dong - ik flip the card to the other side . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) the design be gorgeous . how do you learn about this company , Mr. Kim ? 58 54 . KI - tek they call I about work for they . I guess I be one of the more experience driver around , so they want to recruit I . I turn they down because I be already schedule to meet you . I see . dong -ik ( nod ) well , I be honore that you choose I over such a reputable company . I be forever grateful , Mr. Kim ! Dong - ik laugh . KI - tek ( laugh ) you be be ridiculous , sir . they be laugh , but there 's a subtle underlying tension between the two man . there 's still a ' line 's that Dong - ik will not cross . he suddenly drop he smile . well , dong - ik then . I guess I 'il just give this to Mrs. Park . KI - tek yes , you should . but do not say I give it to you . ( smile ) you should tell she that you look it up yourself . dong -ik ( laugh ) good idea ! that 's sure to earn I some point . thank you , Mr. Kim . KI - tek they be membership-only , so I do not think they have a website or anything . there 's a consultation number in the back -- int . semi - basement - morning 58 ring ring ring . ki-jung pick up a old flip phone with '' the Care '' business card tape on front . she sound like welcome . a completely different person . sweet . 59 60 55 . KI - jung ( into the phone ) thank you for call the Care . this be senior advisor yeo myung - Sun . how may I help you ? chung -sook and ki- tek watch ki-jung as they eat breakfast . chung-sook she could have win a oscar if she become a actress . ki-tek she have a nice voice , do not she ? just like I . int . mansion - kitchen - morning 59 yon - kyo have the phone on speaker . she have disposable kitchen glove on and be generally floundering in the kitchen , overload the dishwasher and sterilizing the ' disease - ride 's pot and pan in a oversize steamer . yon -kyo ( into the phone ) I hear I need to sign up for a membership . KI - jung ( phone ) that 's correct . we be a membership- only service . if you be not currently a member I can guide you through the step to become one . yon -kyo ( into the phone ) sure , okay . KI - jung ( phone ) do you have a pen ? I can give you the list of form you need to submit . ext . mansion - backyard - late afternoon 60 a fully transformed chung -sook sit at the white patio table with yon - kyo . classy hairstyle . tasteful makeup . yon - kyo go through chung -sook 's papers , especially focus on she doctor 's note . 61 56 . just then a white butterfly flit by chung -sook 's face , its wing playfully bounce off the bright summer light . over the idyllic scene , a beautiful aria begin to flow -- int . mansion - various - evening 61 as music continue -- steadicam shot -- we glide up the stair , first follow chung -sook 's foot then rise up to shoulder height , tracking she from behind as she walk down the second floor hallway . she open the door to -- da - hae 's room we follow chung -sook as she walk in and set down a plate of fruit in front of da- hae and ki-woo . da -hae yay ! peaches ! chung-sook please have some too , Mr. Kevin . KI - woo thank you , mar ’am . chung - sook pinch ki-woo 's earlobe while da- hae be not look . ki- woo nearly jump . chung - sook just smile and walk out of the room . we continue to follow she as she pad down the hall and enter -- da - song 's room where we see the teepee in the corner . the flap open and ki- jung peek out to see who it be . Da - song be tightly cuddle up between she arm draw a picture . he look at chung - sook , embarrassed . KI - jung next time just knock and leave the food outside . chung -sook sorry -- KI - jung please do not come in during the lesson . chung - sook scoff . she mouth ' just eat the damn peach 's as she hand over the plate . she look around at the drawing in the room . not impressed . she step out into the -- 57 . hallway we hear dong - ik arrive downstairs . Da - song hear it too . he bolt out of the room and fly past chung - sook toward the -- dine room da-song daddy ! do you get the walkie ? yon -kyo Da - song ! lesson 's not over yet ! dong -ik this guy . that 's all you think about , be not it ? camp . Dong - ik pick up Da - song and hold he tightly . camera circle around they and show -- ki- tek emerge from the garage with a bunch of box . brand new camp supplies . on top be a walkie - talkie box . da -song wow ! t-667 ! dope ! yon -kyo what 's all this stuff ? we just buy camp gear last year . dong -ik this be different . might as well complete the collection . Da - song have already open the walkie-talkie box . he also go through the other item -- campfire supplies , a axe for chopping firewood ... as ki- tek walk out , he quickly feel up chung - sook 's behind . chung - sook giggle to herself as she go to the kitchen sink . the long steadicam shot be about to come to a glorious end after show the semi-basement 's family complete and successful infiltration of the Park mansion . wait . not yet -- Da - song suddenly start sniff the air . he run over to chung - sook and shove he nose in she belly , startling she greatly . Da - song then dart over to ki- tek and shove he nose in he pant leg . yon -kyo Da - song ! what 's wrong with you ? 62 58. da -song same smell . they smell exactly the same ! ki- tek and chung - sook freeze . yon - kyo , embarrassed , roughly push Da - song away . yon -kyo stop talk nonsense and go up to you room . Ms. jessica be wait . da-song that 's weird . Ms. jessica have the same smell . Dong - ik laugh awkwardly . dong -ik ( to ki- tek ) he 's a little out there . they all laugh , but no one be laugh inside . int . semi - basement - night 62 the table teem with food . we notice the view stone display prominently in the middle . a interesting decorate choice . ki- tek be cooking rib and mushroom on a electric skillet when he suddenly smell he clothes . ki-tek he scared I , the little punk . do this mean we all have to use different soap ? KI - woo maybe we should all wash we clothes with different detergent . different fabric softener too . chung-sook you mean I have to wash all of you clothes separately ? fuck no . KI - jung ( expressionless ) it will not work . it 's the basement smell . ki-woo be blank . 59 . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) the smell will not go away unless we leave this place . Truth bomb . they all fall silent at the brutal reality check , and for a while we only hear the sizzling of the grill . ki- tek pick up he sapporo and try to change the subject . KI - tek forget about that . this be a good problem to have . think about we life before . it 's a dog-eat - dog world out there . hundred of college graduate compete for a security guard job for chrissake . ( emotional ) not we . we be all gainfully employ . KI - woo you be right , Father . cheer ! ki-tek sure we may not be get six - figure salaries , but it 's no small amount if you combine we wage . the Parks be invest a great part of they fortune in we family . so let we give thanks to Mr. Park , we generous employer . a great man . and how can I forget min-hyuk ! how lucky that we son be friend with such a thoughtful young man . it 's all because of he that -- fuck ! do they always have to ruin the moment ? the family member all turn toward -- the window , which be be rattle by a robust stream of urine . a short , barely stand drunk man be relieving himself in the corner . KI - woo that mother -- ki- woo jump up . he grab the view stone from the table and walk toward the door . ki- tek , worried , quickly run after he . KI - jung ( scoff ) oh , no . here come the rage machine . 63 64 60 . chung-sook why 's he act tough all of a sudden ? be he try to kill someone ? ki- tek catch up to ki-woo and wrest the stone from he hand . ki- woo pick up a umbrella instead . he run out . ki- jung light up . this be go to be fun . she open the high - speed photography app on she phone and start filming . we see the follow sequence through the app , in slow motion -- ki-woo appear outside the window and start swinging the umbrella wildly at the short man , who spray urine everywhere as he fall . ki- tek run out with a bucket of water . he throw the water at the short man but momentarily lose balance and splashes ki-woo instead . ki- jung laugh . this be gold . chung - sook have no interest . she continue grill meat , happy to finish the food by herself . unsettling music play over the wild , primal thrashing of the three man . the violent , rage - fuel dance dissolves to -- ext . mansion - garden - day 63 the garden be sun-drenched . Da - song look up at the sky through a piece of soot - cover glass , a improvise sun - viewer . he have a bow and axe strapped to he back . he push the button on he walkie-talkie . da - song ( into the radio ) the sky be mostly clear . some cloud visible , but no rain cloud . over . int . mansion - dine room 64 dong -ik ( into the radio ) copy that . I be here in the kitchen , and da- hae have be infect with a serious case of ' duck lip . 's if she keep pout like that she might actually turn into a duck ! she look piss , over . Dong - ik giggle as he tease da-hae , who look completely miserable in she camp outfit . yon -kyo what 's with the face ? let 's all try to have a good time . da-hae can not I just stay home and study with Kevin ? yon-kyo I know you hate camp , but it 's Da - song 's birthday . and you be he sister . come on . it will not be so bad . we will build a fire . sing happy birthday at midnight . blow out candle under the star . it will be wonderful . 61 . chung -sook bring up a tent bag and a guitar case from the storage basement . da- hae give up and put on she large bluetooth headphone , shutting out reality . yon - kyo take chung -sook to the live room where the three dog be . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I be sure you know all of they name by now . ( from leave to right ) Berry , junie , foofoo . chung -sook of course . Berry and junie only eat Natural Balance organic . yon - kyo emphasize by point at each of the dog 's food in the care basket . yon -kyo yes . and foofoo also need this -- kamaboko . japanese crab cake . 65 int . mansion - garage - day yon -kyo and do not hold the leash too short when you be walk junie . he need to burn off that energy . it 's easy if you think of he as the canine version of Da - song . 65 66 62. chung-sook do not worry ! yon - kyo be sit in the driver seat , endlessly rattling off instruction until -- the garage door go all the way up , and the mercede start roll out . Da - song pretend to shoot a arrow from the backseat , and chung - sook grab she chest like she be shot . moment later she 's finally alone . she press the button . her face gradually immerse in darkness as the shutter go down . int . mansion - live room - evening 66 chung -sook be take a peaceful nap on the large sofa . we hear she soft breathe . slant late afternoon ray wrap she face warmly . she slowly wake up and wipe she drool . when she sit up , we see ki- tek sleep behind she . chung - sook look out at the garden where -- ki-woo be lie in the grass with the three dog . look at the sky . we notice a yellow journal clutch in he hand . chung-sook what be you do out there ? come inside . ki-woo take a deep breath as he gaze up at the sky . he 's never be more relaxed . KI - woo you should try it . it 's nice to be able to see the sky from you own home . he pick himself up and walk into the live room . he stretch he arm as he walk over to the kitchen . KI - woo ( cont ’d ) Water , Mom ? chung -sook sure . ki- woo get a few bottle of evian from the fridge . he give one to chung - sook before head up the stair . 67 68 69 70 63. a groggy ki- tek get up from the sofa and trudge over to a cabinet in the corner . a variety of whiskey be on display . int . mansion - 2 nd floor bathroom - evening 67 ki-jung be take a bubble bath . she pick up the remote and change the channel on the wall - mount tv when -- a knock . KI - woo ( 0.s. ) you want a water ? KI - jung read my mind . thanks , brodie . the door open a crack , and ki-woo roll a bottle toward ki- jung . he then continue on to -- int . mansion - da - hae 's room - evening 68 ki-woo throw himself on da-hae 's bed . he reach into the space between the bed and the wall and find a pretty wooden BOX hide there . Da - hae 's box of secret . it have a small combination lock on the front . ki-woo unlock the box and put in the yellow journal he be read . he then take out another yellow journal and open it . page fill with da-hae 's small , thoughtful handwrite . int . mansion - sauna - evening 69 ki- tek sit with a white towel across he lap , sweat it out in the steam - fill room . he guzzle down a cold bottle of evian . refresh . he turn the hourglass upside down . the sound of myriad sand grain roll down the glass turn into -- the SOUND of rain . int . mansion - live room - night 70 the large coffee table be fill with various whiskey bottle and gourmet snack . the four family member be comfortably sprawle across the couch and floor . it 's like they own the place . they sip whiskey and watch rain fall outside the window . 64 . ki-tek this be classy . sipping whiskey on a rainy day . enjoy the view . ki- tek take several bottle and pour a little of each into he tumbler . chung-sook what the hell be you do ? why be you mixing all the booze ? ki-tek this way Mr. Park will not notice . it will be too obvious if we drink from only one bottle . chung-sook Nice to see you use that brain for once . Berry come over to chung -sook wag she tail , but chung - sook kick she away . chung - sook be already drunk . her face be bright red . KI - jung but you always get shitface when you mix you drink , dad . KI - tek ( smile ) ki-jung , that 's no way to talk to you father . '' shitface . '' no . not you too . KI - woo let I pour you a shot , Father . ki- woo try to lighten the mood . he look out the window as he pour a shot with both hand . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) it 's probably raining at the campsite too . they must be have a magical time . Da - hae and she family . raindrop patter the tent . play the guitar ... chung-sook by the way . what 's that yellow notebook you have be carry ? KI - woo this ? 65 . ki- woo pick up the yellow journal . KI - wwoo ( cont ’d ) da- hae 's diary . KI - jung oh , my God . why be you read that ? KI - woo I just want to understand she on a deeper level . KI - jung disgusting . you two go out or something ? KI - woo ( nod ) it 's serious . she like I too . I be go to officially ask she out when she go to college . for real . they all stare at ki-woo . he must be shitting they . but he 's not . ki- tek slap ki-woo 's shoulder . ki-tek that 's my boy ! that mean this be you future wife 's house ! the Parks will be you in - law ! KI - woo ( laugh ) I guess that 's true . chung - sook join the laughter . chung -sook you mean I be fuck wash dish for my future in - law ? KI - tek hilarious ! you be wash you future in - law 's tighty - whity ! you daughter - in- law 's school sock ! ki- tek pretend to wash a sock , laugh hysterically , when he suddenly feel chung - sook 's murderous glare . he slowly stop . chung -sook downs she whiskey and turn serious . she calmly turn to ki-woo. 66 . chung-sook I like that girl . she 's nice . pretty . but not full of herself . KI - woo well , as long as we be get ahead of ourselves -- if you think about it , nowadays people barely see they in - law anyway . how many time do you think family see each other after they kid get marry ? KI - jung ( scoff ) crazy fuck . KI - woo you hear about people hire actor to stand in for they parent at wedding . we ’1ll do the same thing . a lot of tv extras do that kind of work . ki-woo point at ki-jung . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) she do too . get pay to be one of the bride 's guest . she go to a bunch of wedding last year . KI - jung I even catch a bouquet once . first time I ever see the bitch . they pay ten buck extra for the bouquet . chung - sook ( laugh ) that 's how you become such a good actress ! good time continue as whiskey flow . joke and laughter abound . KI -tek sure the act be good , but I be surprised that the family be so easy to trick . chung -sook especially the missus . not the sharpest knife in the drawer . I guess we should be thankful for that -- 67 . ki-tek yes , she 's so innocent . and kind . a rich person who 's also kindhearted . chung -sook stop mid-sip and stare at ki- tek . chung-sook not '' also kindhearted . '' she 's kindhearted because she 's rich . you get it ? ki- tek do not . chung - sook look around -- chung -sook ( cont ’d ) if I have all this , my heart would be overflow with kindness ! chung - sook 's voice grow . she gulp downs another glass . ki-tek that 's true . you mother have a point . Rich people be more naive . they do not have a bitter bone in they . and the kid be happier . no wiseass . chung-sook it 's the money ! money cure all the little wiseass ! ki-jung slowly grow irritate as she parent go on and on about rich people . she toss back she whiskey . KI - tek ki-woo . that guy . what be he name ? yun ? the old driver . KI - wwoo yes . Mr. yun . ki-tek he 's probably do fine , right ? I be sure he get a new job . KI - woo of course . he 's young . healthy . plenty of opportunity . KI - tek yeah , I be sure he get a even better job . ki- jung slam down she glass and yell at she family -- 68 . KI - jung shut the fuck up ! KI - woo what the hell 's wrong with you ? KI - jung fuck rich people ! just worry about you own goddamn family ! ki- jung look like she 's about to cry . we have never see she like this before . vulnerable . like a hurt child . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) dad , please . stop worry about other people . look at I . us. you son and daughter . we be right here ! almost at the exact moment as ki-jung 's soulful outburst , like a time effect , lightning and thunder strike outside the window . follow by heavy rain . ki- tek look out the window . KI - tek ( laugh ) do you see that ! right on cue ! KI - woo ( imitate ki-jung ) '' dad , we be right here ! '' pow ! Thunder and lightning ! awesome . ki-woo try to console ki-jung . he brushes she hair and talk in a brotherly voice . KI - woo ( cont ’d ) come on now , jessica . let 's drink . cheer ! ki-woo clink he glass against ki-jung 's . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) you know , ki-jung , when I see you upstairs in the bathroom -- you look so -- KI - jung what ? I look so what ? KI - woo you just look so natural in that bathtub . this house . it suit you . you be not like we . 69 . KI - jung ( smile ) fuck off . KI - woo ( to ki- tek ) it 's true , dad . she be in the tub watch tv , take a fancy bubble bath , and it just feel like she belong here . ki-tek be that right ? ki-woo become more animated at ki- tek 's exaggerated reaction . he open he arm wide and look around at the live room . KI - woo imagine for a second that this be we house . let 's say we live here . which room would you like to have ? out of all the beautiful room design by the great namgoong hyunja , which one would you want to be yours ? KI - jung I do not know . buy I the fuck house first and I 'il think about it . ki-tek we be ' live 's here right now , be not we ? we be here in the live room , drink and have a good time , just like we would if this be we place . KI - woo that 's true . we be currently live here . for all intent and purpose . KI - tek this be we house right now . ( burp ) Nice and cozy . chung - sook , face bulg red , flash a dirty grin . chung-sook you be cozy , huh ? that 's real nice . what if Park come back right now ? ( to ki-jung ) he would skitter away like a little cockroach . 70 . chung - sook laugh loudly at she own joke . ki- tek be quiet . chung -sook ( cont ’d ) ( snicker ) you kid know what I be talk about , right ? we apartment . how when we turn on the kitchen light , the roach all run away and disappear under the cabinet . he would be exactly like that ! ki- tek stare hard at chung - sook , who continue to howl . ki- tek 's eye be red . hostile . this be a different ki- tek . KI - tek ( mumble ) Fucking bitch . you have go too far this time . chung - sook be silent . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) what ? I be a cockroach ? crash ! ki- tek sweep the table and knock over the bottle and plate . ki-woo and ki-jung be stunne . chung - sook be absolutely still . she glower at ki- tek , who unlike before do not back down . he stare right back , tension grow , when -- his face start crack . he begin to snicker . chung - sook do too . they both burst into laughter . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) I get you ! I totally get you ! the two continue to laugh they ass off . ki- tek seem especially pleased with he performance . he slap ki-woo on the shoulder . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) how be that , spielberg ? pretty realistic right ? you like my act now ? KI - woo wow , dad ! you totally get I . ki- jung laugh , relieved . 71 . KI - jung ( to ki- tek ) shit . you be go to clean this up , right ? chung - sook ( laugh ) I do not believe he for one second . KI - woo really ? I think he be really go to kill you . chung-sook he could never do that . you father have not a single backbone in he body . the epitome of a spineless mo -- they be all laugh uproariously when -- the doorbell ring loudly throughout the house . they all freeze and look at each other . who the hell could that be ? the doorbell continue to ring . KI - woo who could it be at this time ? ki-tek what do you think it be ? chung - sook scurries over to the gate monitor . she see -- a familiar round face fill the screen . it 's mun-kwang . she 's stand in the rain dress in all black . chung-sook what the -- KI - woo why be she here ? chung - sook it 's she , right ? the old housekeeper . KI - jung ( nod ) why do you think she 's here ? mun- kwang press the doorbell again and again . it ring loudly throughout the neighborhood . this could go on for a while . 72 . ki-tek what 's she do ? why do not she just leave ? KI - jung it 's so loud . she could go on all night -- chung-sook ( cut she off ) hold on . I be suppose to be here . I can answer . before ki-woo can stop she , chung - sook press the ' speak 's button . mun- kwang 's chung -sook ( cont ’d ) who be it ? mun-kwang ( speaker ) hi , how be you ? I be -- Mrs. Park be not in , right ? 's speech be slightly slur . she 's have a drink or two herself . mun- kwang guard . mun-kwang mun-kwang ( speaker ) ( cont 'd ) I use to work here . for mar -- ny many year . the monitor you be look at . there 's a picture above it , right ? Berry , junie , foofoo -- from leave to right . chung-sook that 's all fine , but how can I help you ? it 's very late . mun-kwang ( speaker ) you be my replacement , be not you ! laugh . sad , drunk laughter . chung - sook remain on suddenly turn serious . mun-kwang ( speaker ) ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry to bother you at this hour . there 's something in the basement that I leave behind , and I be wonder if I could pick it up . I be fire without any notice so I do not have time to gather all my thing . 71 72 73. chung - sook look at ki-woo . what do we do ? ki- woo have no idea . KI - woo this be not in we plan . int . mansion - entrance - night 71 chung -sook open the door to reveal mun-kwang stand in the rain . she look grotesque with one eye heavily swollen . her face be eerily and intermittently illuminate by the motion - sensor light . int . mansion - live room - night 72 mun-kwang drip water as she walk over to the kitchen . the live room be not fully visible from she vantage point . ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung remain in the dark around the coffee table , listen to chung - sook and mun-kwang 's conversation . mun-kwang I be sorry for the intrusion . thank you so much for let I in . she look over at the kitchen sink . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) the faucet drip if you turn it that way . mun- kwang continue to drine on deliriously . we do not know if she 's just drunk or crazy . chung-sook the faucet 's fine . what do you need to pick up ? mun-kwang would you like to come down with I ? mun-kwang flash a creepy grin as she point to the stair descend into the dark storage basement . chung - sook be spook . she hesitates . chung -sook no thanks . just hurry up and get what you need . 73 74 74 . int . mansion - kitchen - night 73 close on -- a drop of water precariously dangle from the kitchen faucet . it 's be a while since mun - kwang go down to the storage room . chung - sook start get worried . she get up from the chair . int . mansion - storage basement - night 74 a nervous chung -sook walk down the narrow staircase and peer into the darkness . she hear a strange moan come from inside and soon discover -- mun-kwang_ levitate horizontally in the air ! we realize that she actually have she foot set against the wall and be push the jar cabinet with she hand . the glass jar rattle as she shove with all she might . chung - sook be confuse . mun-kwang can you give I a hand ? help I push ! chung -sook huh ? mun-kwang ( tearful ) he 's go to die ! please ! chung-sook what 's go on -- mun-kwang just help I first ! chung -sook have no idea what 's go on but start push with mun-kwang . we see ki-woo , ki-jung , and ki- tek peek from the staircase . chung - sook see something on the ground as she 's push . chung -sook wait . maybe this be the problem . chung -sook pull a bundle of wire stick under the cabinet . as soon as she do -- 75 75 . the cabinet smoothly roll to the side pretty much on its own , as if it 's set on rail . it move out of view to reveal , to chung - sook 's great astonishment -- a dark steel door hide behind it . mun-kwang open the door and hurry inside . chung -sook shake off she shock and follow mun-kwang down the dark staircase . int . mansion - secret room - night 75 mun-kwang Babe ! Babe ! we get glimpsis of the dark underground bunker as mun-kwang wave around the flashlight on she cell phone -- low ceiling , gray wall , a small passageway ... chung - sook cover she nose at the awful smell . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) kun-sae ! mun-kwang 's flashlight finally find -- a pale , severely malnourished face . this be kun - sae , 45 , mun - kwang 's husband . he look up from he cot , wake up by the sound . he blink he large eye . chung - sook look horrify . kun -sae stop yell . I be okay ... mun-kwang immediately shove a baby bottle in he mouth and start feed he . it 's fill with some kind of gruel . mun-kwang no , you be not . you be not okay ! ( weep ) why be you in the dark ? why do you turn off the light ? kun -sae we have to conserve energy . it all come out of Mr. Park 's pocket . kun - sae turn on the light and be startle to see -- chung - sook stand in front of he . 76 . he spring from he bed , but mun-kwang push he back down . mun-kwang it 's fine . we be okay . mun-kwang point at chung-sook . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) she 's a friend . she help I get in here . it be the damn wire . they be stick under the cabinet . kun -sae no wonder . ( laugh weakly ) I try everything but I could not get it to open . I could not go up to the kitchen . mun-kwang ( sobbing ) how many day have you go without food ? I be so sorry , babe ! chung - sook be at a loss . ki- woo , ki-jung , and ki- tek have follow chung -sook and mun - kwang down and be eavesdropp from the staircase . they look stunne . chung-sook what be you people up to ? why be you -- mun-kwang I know how this look . you must think we be crazy . but please , chung -sook . have some pity . we domestic worker , we be sister -- chung -sook ( surprised ) how the hell do you know my name ? mun -kwang Da - song and I still text from time to time . I come here because I know the family would be ona camp trip . I want to talk to you alone . chung - sook can not believe she ear . surprise turn to anger . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) do not worry , sis . no one know I be here . 77 . mun-kwang remove a pair of wire cutter from she pocket . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) I cut the wire on the surveillance camera on my way in . that 's good , right ? huh , big sis ? chung -sook wait . hold on . be not you older than I ? mun-kwang I be bear in 74 . Year of the tiger . my name be mun-kwang . chung - sook be speechless . mun-kwang point to kun-sae . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) this be my husband oh kun-sae . kun - sae smile innocently as he continue to suck on the empty bottle . chung -sook regards the scene with disbelief . mun- kwang take out a banana from she pocket . feed it to kun-sae . chung-sook so the whole time you be work here , you be smuggle food down from the kitchen ? mun-kwang no ! everything he eat come from my pocket . from the money I make here . I never steal anything ! chung -sook sure . and how long have he be down here ? you husband . mun-kwang let 's see -- about four year ? chung-sook you gotta be kid I . kun -sae four year , three month , and seventeen day to be exact ! kun - sae laugh . she peel it and 78 . mun-kwang that 's right . it 's already June . he start live here after Mr. namgoong move out four year ago . before Da - song 's family move in . chung - sook look around the room . it have a toilet , sink , small fridge , a old - fashioned tv set ... enough amenity to survive underground . mun- kwang continue to speak , blink she swollen eye . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) a lot of this rich people , they build bunker and secret room in they home . you know , in case the North korean invade , or in case creditor come knock on they door . maybe Mr. namgoong feel embarrassed about building such a room . he do not mention it to the Parks when he sell the house . chung -sook huh . mun-kwang nobody in the house know about the room . except I . chung-sook some ball you get . well , now I know too ! and I know what I be go to do ! chung - sook take out she phone . mun-kwang chung -sook ( cont ’d ) call the fuck cop . drop to she knee and start begging . mun-kwang no ! please sis ! ( sob ) we be all in the same boat , be not we ? we all need a little help to get by . chung-sook I be not you fuck sister , bitch . and I do not need nobody 's help . mun-kwang 79 . mun-kwang well , I do ! I do not have a house . I do not have money . all I have be a mountain of debt . chung-sook what do you want I to do about it ? mun-kwang he 's be down here for four year , and the loan shark still will not let go . they be obsessed . they say they be go to kill he ! chung-sook you borrow from loan shark ? nod . kun -sae it 's all my fault . ( laugh , embarrassed ) I start a cake shop -- taiwanese castella -- and it completely bankrupt we . kun - sae laugh again . a nervous habit . when ki- tek hear the word ' castella , 's he face crowd with emotion . mun-kwang he know the shame . hand chung - sook a envelope . mun-kwang please , take this . chung-sook what be this ? mun-kwang it 's not much , I know . but I can send you money every month . all I ask be that you come down here every other day and leave he something to eat . actually no . once a week be fine . there 's a little fridge down here so -- chung-sook be you crazy ? you people be unbelievable -- get away from I . chung - sook lift she phone . 80. chung -sook ( cont ’d ) I be go to call the cop . ki- tek and the kid look worried . that would not be good for they either . ki- tek be awkwardly lean over , listen to the conversation , when -- his foot slip and he fall down the stair ! he be unable to control he large body and take down ki-jung and ki-woo with he . ki- jung scream . chung -sook be startle when she see the family spilling down the stair . mun- kwang be even more confuse . it 's Kevin , jessica , and Mr. Kim ! why be they here ? mun-kwang what the hell ? kun -sae ( laugh ) honey , who be all this people ? mun -kwang Ms. jessica ? Mr. Kim ... what 's everyone do down here ? mun-kwang be speechless for a moment before the piece slowly come together in she head . she take out she cell phone . as ki- tek scramble to get up , he accidentally step on ki- woo 's foot . KI - woo ow ! dad , my foot ! chung -sook and ki-jung immediately freeze . ki- woo realize what he just say and turn pale . he see -- mun-kwang recording everything on she cell phone . mun-kwang now I get it . ( nod ) I know something be not right -- mun-kwang play back the footage she just shot -- KI - woo ( video ) ow ! dad , my foot ! ki-woo 's face and voice be clearly record on video . 81. finally everything come together for mun-kwang . ki- woo be devastate . mun-kwang now I get it . you be alla family . a family that scam people together . KI - woo it 's not like that -- mun-kwang I know something be off when yun be fire for no reason . you despicable -- chung -sook listen , sis -- mun-kwang I be not you sister , you life - ruin bitch . mun- kwang show chung - sook she phone . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) why do not I send this little video to Mrs. Park right now ? the video be already be prepped for transfer on she messenger app . ki-woo and family be sweat . ki- tek , still a little tipsy from the whiskey , say quietly to ki-jung -- ki-tek there 's probably no reception down here . ki- jung look at she phone . KI - jung actually it 's pretty good . KI - tek fuck . KI - woo please . we really need this job , and we go through a lot to get they . we be not scam artist . we '’re -- 82 . mun-kwang ( cut he off ) shut up ! I do not give a shit ! I do not care if we all go to prison . i’1l fuck end everything right here ! KI - tek shut up !!!! ki- tek thunder loudly , silencing everyone in the room . ki- woo frown and cover he ear . mun-kwang KI - tek ( cont ’d ) be you crazy , lady ! be puzzle by ki- tek 's random outburst . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) imagine how upset the Parks would be if they see the video . ( scream ) they be nice people ! and they have show nothing but kindness ! why would you do that to they ! mun-kwang what the -- KI - tek erase it . now . if you erase it -- ( burp ) then we can talk . then I will consider you demand -- he seem to be do the method-act thing , play ' scary ki- tek , 's but no one 's really buy . he 's make zero sense . they all just look around . mun-kwang ( to chung - sook ) what 's wrong with you husband ? chung -sook ( sigh ) I apologize on he behalf . now let 's all calm down -- kun - sae be watch the drama unfold when he suddenly lose balance and nearly fall . he 's still weak . mun-kwang stick she phone out like a gun as she grab kun - sae 76 83. mun-kwang back off ! or I be go to hit send ! ki- tek and family flinch . they slowly back off . int . man it 's pour sofa , and ki- tek a raise . mun-kwang out of no 's anchor . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) let 's get you upstairs . you need some fresh air . kun -sae ( laugh ) sound good . mun-kwang all of you go upstairs and stay in one place . if you move one inch out of my sight , I be hit send ! ion - live room - night 76 ing outside . kun - sae be lie facedown on the large mun-kwang be on top give he a massage . d crew be kneel in the corner with they arm kun -sae it 's funny . you phone . it 's like a nuclear button . mun-kwang what be you talk about ? kun -sae they all hide they tail when you say you will press the button . ( laugh ) you be like North Korea . the phone be Kim jong - un 's nuke ! sit up straight like a military cadet . mun-kwang ( North Korean accent ) upon see the atrocious act commit by the family of deprave bandit on mobile camera , we dear leader Kim jong - un determine to deliver fiery justice -- where she start impersonate a North Korean news kun - sae laugh like a little kid . kun - sae I miss you impression . mun -kwang ignoring the cowardly ruling of the United Nations Security Council , we dear leader announce that he would execute the family of delinquent by fire squad . kun -sae ( laugh ) no one do commie impression better than you . I love you , babe . ki- tek and family stare at mun-kwang and kun - sae incredulously . who be this people ? mun-kwang what be you look at ! keep you head down ! they all look down . mun-kwang start recording with she cell phone again , pan from the family member to the scattered food and booze bottle on the floor . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) scumbag . look at this debauchery . this be how you treat the sublime live room create by the great namgoong hyunja ? kun - sae look out at the garden . kun -sae a great live room it be ... remember , honey ? how we would sit here when the weather be nice , look out at the garden . so enchant . mun-kwang it be . Park would be at work . the kid at school . yon - kyo would go out shopping , and the house would be so quiet . you would come up , and we would have tea together . kun -sae yes . Royal milk tea. 77 78 79 85 . mun-kwang we would enjoy the view , listen to rachmaninoff on the bluetooth speaker -- mun-kwang be lose in sweet reverie when -- chung - sook suddenly run toward the sofa . like a linebacker rush a quarterback , she ram the sofa with she hefty frame knock mun-kwang off balance and make she drop the phone ! immediately ki- tek dive after the phone -- while mun-kwang try to retrieve it -- then ki-woo lunge toward mun-kwang -- then kun - sae after he -- and of course ki-jung have to jump after kun - sae . six body desperately intertwined . twelve hand claw . 60 finger outstretch toward the phone . ext . mansion - night 77 the view from outside . through the thick curtain of rain , we see six people , none of whom actually live in the house , chaotically brawling inside . a surreal sight . the rain drown out the sound . ki-jung extract herself from the melee and run toward the kitchen . int . mansion - kitchen - night 78 ki-jung open the fridge . she grab a black plastic bag from inside and run back to the -- int . mansion - live room - night 79 mun-kwang have the phone back , but it 's far from over . chung- sook be choke she from behind , and ki-woo be beside she try to pry the phone away . we see ki- tek wrestle kun - sae nearby . ki-jung rush back to the live room with the black bag . she pour the content -- a dozen or so peach -- over mun-kwang 's head ! 86 . mun- kwang scream . ki-jung pick up one of the peach and squash it against mun-kwang 's face . mun-kwang aaaah !! mun-kwang stick she tongue out and start cough violently . she roll on the floor , clutching she swollen throat , allow ki-woo to snatch she phone . at the same time ki- tek subdue kun - sae , and the family seem to have everything under control . until -- the live room phone begin to ring . chung - sook check she cell phone . she see several miss call from '' Mrs. Park . '' shit . when the landline continue to ring , the family member silence mun-kwang and kun - sae by cover they mouth . chung - sook answer the phone . chung -sook ( into the phone ) hel -- 1lo ? yon -kyo ( phone ) you be there ! you know how to make japaguri , right ? spicy jaja udon ? chung -sook ( into the phone ) japaguri ? 80 int . mercede - drive - night 80 yon -kyo ( into the phone ) it 's Da - song 's favorite . if you start cooking now , it will be ready by the time we get there . there 's some Prime flank steak in the fridge so you should put that in too . rain batter the mercede . Da - song be in the backseat with he eye close . he look piss . he 's take da- hae 's reality - cancel headphone and be wear they over he ear . 87 . yon - kyo glance back from the passenger seat . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ; quiet ) it be complete hell . the stream at the campsite flood and we have to pack up we tent , but Da - song just refuse to leave . he be cry and yell -- ( sigh ) we barely get he in the car , and now we be on we way . I be count on the japaguri ! it have to be ready ! 81 int . mansion - live room - night 81 chung - sook ( pale ) so -- you be almost here ? yon -kyo ( phone ) eight minute , accord to navigation . chung-sook I see ... eight minute . ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung be completely aghast . yon -kyo ( phone ) you should start now . you be the best ! yon - kyo hang up . the family member all look at each other blankly . what the fuck do we do ? the live room be still wildly litter with whiskey bottle , plate , peach ... chung -sook close she eye and take a deep breath . chung - sook ( quiet ) what the hell be a japaguri ? KI - jung look it up . the recipe 's online . ki-woo be completely numb . he 's just stand there , still out of breath from the fraca , when -- 82 88. KI - jung ( cont 'd ) ( to ki-woo ) what do we do ? KI - woo I do not know ... this be not part of the plan . they be all stand around when ki- tek suddenly twist kun - sae 's arm . ki- tek have a manic glow about he . his eye be bloodshot . kun -sae ow ! KI - tek move ! hurry ! at ki- tek 's command , the family jump into action . ki-jung start clear the bottle with lightning speed , and ki- tek drag kun - sae toward the basement . ki-woo roughly pull up mun-kwang . her eye be heavily swollen like she just go through ten round with Mike tyson . she cough incessantly as she be haul away . chung -sook be solely focus on the japaguri . she look up the recipe while put water on the stove . she rip open two pack of noodle -- jaja ramen and instant udon . int . mansion - secret room - night 82 ki- tek push kun - sae down the stair into the secret room . he 's rough , scary . and it 's not act . even in this dire situation , kun - sae can not stop he laugh -- kun -sae ( laugh nervously ) you do not have to do this . let 's all sit down and talk . ki- tek shut kun - sae up by throw he on the floor . ki- tek then look through the miscellaneous crap in the room and find a power cord . he be tie kun - sae with it when -- ki-woo rush down the stair with mun-kwang . he also look for something to tie mun-kwang with . she 's barely breathe and be only half - conscious . ki- tek I will take care of they . you go and help ki-jung . 83 89 . KI - woo okay . ki-woo be still numb . he have no focus in he eye . no longer the man with the plan . he just do as he 's tell . he hurry up the stair . int . mansion - kitchen - night 83 chung -sook methodically lay out the ramen soup packet on the counter and start cooking the flank steak . ki- woo come up from the basement . he run past she and go into the -- live room where ki-jung be kick food and plate under the furniture . she move fast , with purpose . ki- woo be look at she blankly when -- he hear the mercede arrive in the garage . he panic . he see da- hae 's yellow journal on top of the coffee table and pick it up . he hurry up to the second floor . chung - sook stir the noodle with great speed . she soon hear the Park family walk up the garage stair . ki-jung stop everything and pick up the remain peach . she hide under the large coffee table . a disgruntled da- song appear first and stalk across the live room . from under the coffee table , ki-jung see -- yon - kyo run after da-song . she point to the kitchen . yon - kyo Da - song ! look what chung -sook make ! it 's japaguri , you favorite ! Da - song ignore the steaming bowl of japaguri and walk up the stair . a equally piss da- hae come up behind he and snatch the headphone off he ear . she stomp ahead of he . 84 85 86 90 . int . mansion - da - hae 's room - night 84 ki-woo close the box of journal and put the combination lock back on . he quickly hide under the bed . da- hae walk inside moment later and throw herself on the bed . the bottom of the mattress sink and nearly touch ki- woo 's nose . da- hae turn up the volume on she phone . Music escape from she headphone . int . mansion - secret room - night 85 ki- tek finish tie kun - sae and move onto mun-kwang . she 's still hyperventilate , and she eye be swollen shut . ki- tek approach with the cord when -- mun-kwang suddenly get up and shove ki- tek to the side . she run up the stair . ki- tek chase she . int . mansion - kitchen - night 86 yon - kyo give up on talk to da- song . she walk down to the kitchen where chung -sook be wait with the japaguri . at the same time , chung - sook see mun-kwang run up from the storage basement . with the pot still in she hand , she swiftly turn toward the door and -- pow ! -- kick mun-kwang in the face ! mun-kwang tumble down and slam she head hard on one of the step . look like at least a concussion . ki- tek witness the fall from below and gasp . yon - kyo walk into the kitchen , have miss the devastating kick by a mere millisecond . she sit at the dining table . yon-kyo this be ridiculous . you should eat this . chung-sook oh , thank you ... yon -kyo wait . no. I '’11 give it to Dong - ik . you put the steak in , right ? 87 88 91 . chung -sook be too worried about mun-kwang to be annoyed by yon - kyo 's flip -flopping . she look down at the bottom of stair where -- mun-kwang lie unconscious with she head ram into the wall . ki- tek soon drag she out of sight . int . mansion - storage basement - night 87 ki- tek pull mun-kwang 's limp body through the steel door that lead to the secret room . he slide the cabinet back in place to cover the entrance . he see that mun-kwang be unconscious and start panic . he slap she in the face . he 's relieved when mun-kwang let out a weak moan . ki- tek start tie she with a cord when he hear a strange noise come from below . he rush down the stair to see -- kun - sae , arm still tie , bang he head against a series of electrical switch on the wall . a truly bizarre sight . ki-tek what the hell be you do ? kun - sae Mr. Park be home . this be my welcome home ritual . above kun - sae , ki- tek see a tall , open space . the hollow area beneath the garage stair . we hear Dong - ik 's footstep head up to the live room . kun - sae continue to bang on the switch . ki- tek see that the line from the switch go all the way up to the entrance . kun -sae ( cont 'd ) what be you stare at ? I do this everyday . int . mansion - entrance - night 88 as Dong - ik walk up from the garage , the light above he blink one by one , in sequence . that 's when we realize -- the motion - sensor light that we notice throughout the film be not motion - sensor light after all . it be kun - sae 's ' performance 's welcoming Dong - ik home . yon -kyo Babe , have some japaguri . I put some steak in . 89 90 92 . dong -ik ( shake he head ) no thanks . I be go up to take a shower . int . mansion - secret room - night 89 kun - sae sing a silly , improvise song as he gleefully bang the switch with he forehead -- kun -sae ( sing ) welcome back , what a hard day you must have have at work / welcome back , Mr. Park we love you so much int . mansion - kitchen - night 90 yon -kyo ( be : light ) that sensor be all bonker . yon - kyo talk to chung -sook as she shove japaguri and flank steak in she mouth . she look up . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I guess there be still some thing you need to learn about we . you think we be weird right ? ( slurp ramen ) we go out of we way to indulge Da - song . treat he like some kind of crown prince . chung-sook not at all -- yon -kyo you have to understand . Da - song need special care . he 's ... not well . we have be help he with trauma therapy and art therapy . you see , he go through a traumatic event when he be little . chung-sook what kind of -- yon -kyo do you believe in ghost ? chung-sook ghost ? 93 . yon -kyo when Da - song be in first grade , he see a ghost . yon - kyo tell the story as she noisily slurp she ramen . chung - sook 's spine tingles . a creepy silence surround the kitchen . ki- jung listen intently from under the coffee table . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) that year we throw he a big birthday party at home . at night , when we be all asleep , da- song snuck back down to the kitchen because he could not stop think about the cake . you see , the fresh cream on that cake be just divine . chung -sook right . yon -kyo he be crouch over there in front of the refrigerator , eat cake with he finger when -- chung - sook be rivete . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) he see something . over there . in the live room window . a dark figure -- chung -sook ( spook ) in the garden ? yon-kyo no , in the kitchen . yon - kyo point to the live room window . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) see ? you can see the kitchen reflect in the window . chung-sook my goodness . yon -kyo he see a dark figure look over he shoulder . a ghost . 94 . as camera whip pan to the live room window , we transition to a -- flashback we see the kitchen reflect in the live room window . Da - song be sit on the floor plow into he cake . we see a dark figure behind Da - song . the ghost . he just stand there , watch Da - song eat . back to present yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I hear a scream and rush down the stair . ( tear building ) when I find he , he eye be roll back , and he be foam at the mouth , shaking uncontrollably chung-sook oh my gosh . yon -kyo have you see a child go through a seizure ? it 's awful . if you do not perform first aid in the first fifteen minute , it 's over . you have to take he to the hospital as soon as you can . yon - kyo shake off the memory and return to she ditzy self . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) Dong - ik be away on a business trip , and I be all by myself . anyway , after that horrible experience , we have try to go away for he birthday every year . last year we go to my parent 's house . this year , camp -- she angrily toss she noodle . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) now it 's all go to crap . chung-sook I see . chung -sook realize who the ghost be but keep mum . 91 95 . yon -kyo Dong - ik do not take it seriously . grow pain , he say . and he say live in a haunt house actually bring good fortune . good for business or something . ( slurp ramen ) you know what though ? Business have be very good this past few year . it 's funny -- as yon - kyo ramble on -- camera move in on Da - song 's draw on the wall . it focus on the '' schizophrenia zone . '' we see the dark , ambiguous shape draw in it . the shape , which vaguely resemble the ghost , match cut to -- int . mansion - secret room - night 91 kun - sae 's dark face stare back at ki- tek . ki- tek look at the numerous note and drawing cover the wall . he see photo and magazine interview of namgoong hyunja and Dong - ik . a record of kun - sae 's devolve mind . ki- tek feel like he 's in the twilight zone . KI - tek God ... I can not believe you live here for so long . I guess you have no choice ... kun -sae plenty of people live underground . more if you count semi-underground apartment ! kun - sae laugh . ki-tek so what be you plan ? you do not even have one , do you ? kun -sae ( laugh ) I like it here . it almost feel like I grow up here . this might as well be my official address . kun - sae ramble on incoherently , he eye glaze and out of focus . 92 93 96 . ki- tek start get scared . kun -sae ( cont 'd ) please . you have to let I stay here . ki- tek find a roll of duct tape among the mess and start rip off a piece . kun -sae ( cont 'd ) please . talk to my wife . we do not have to fight . ( look around ) where do she go ? she do not mean what she say . the woman really have a heart of gold . she stand by I the whole time I be in here . four long year -- ki- tek tape kun - sae 's mouth shut . he then go to stair and tape mun-kwang 's mouth as well . as he do , he feel something wet behind she head . blood . ki- tek 's head spin when he see the blood on he fingertip . he run up the stair . int . mansion - storage basement - night 92 ki- tek shut the steel door and tie the handle with wire . he then push the cabinet back in place , sealing off the secret doorway . breathe heavily , he look up at the thin bar of light come from the kitchen . int . mansion - da - hae 's room - night 93 we be on ki-woo 's stunne face . he be face to face with -- junie , who be poke he head under the mattress , have find ki-woo . da- hae look down at junie from the bed . she become curious when she see the dog wag he tail with he head bury under the bed . she bend over to see what it be when -- she hear yon - kyo walk up the stair . she immediately spring back up . pick up junie , she walk out to the -- hallway where she confront yon -kyo . da-hae you be unbelievable . 94 97 . yon -kyo what ? da-hae you do not even ask I . I like japaguri too . yon - kyo wipe she mouth . yon -kyo I just -- da - hae Da - song do not want it so you offer it to chung - sook . then you give it to dad . then instead of ask I , you decide to eat it all by yourself . what , I do not cross you mind ? da- hae and yon - kyo bicker down the hall , soon disappear from we sight . through da- hae 's open door , we see ki-woo slowly emerge from under the bed . he check the hallway before tiptoeing over to the stair , where he see -- chung -sook wave at he from below ' come down . 's chung - sook also gesture toward the basement stair from which -- ki- tek carefully walk out . once they be all together they start toward the -- int . mansion - live room - night 94 the family quietly cross the live room toward the garage entrance . they stop . they make a quick detour to the coffee table where ki-jung be still hide . they be help she out from under the table when they suddenly hear -- footstep thunder down the stair . fast . ki- jung hide under the table again . have nowhere to go , ki- woo and ki- tek also crawl underneath . chung - sook turn to see -- Da - song run down the stair , dress in a raincoat . he 's wear a backpack and also have the fold teepee strapped across he shoulder . 98 . chung -sook Da - song ! slow down ! dangle all kind of camp gear over he raincoat , da- song storm through the live room and head to the garden . he open the glass door and jump out into the pour rain . he then start building the teepee in the middle of the yard . he 's quick , efficient . a true scout . yon - kyo and Dong - ik yell at da- song as they rush down the stair . yon -kyo Da - song ! be you crazy ! dong -ik Da - song Park ! ( laugh ) I can not believe this . yon - kyo and Dong - ik hesitate at the door , still in they pajamas . chung - sook bring two umbrella , and they finally go out . da- song have already finish set up the teepee and be now work on the inside . ki- tek , ki-woo and ki-jung attempt to make a run while yon - kyo and Dong - ik be outside . they start wiggling they way out when -- da- hae come run down the stair . they quickly wiggle back in . da - hae ( English ) what the fuck be go on here ? da- hae watch she parent plead with da- song in the rain . pathetic . she shoot a video and send it to none other than '' Mr. Kevin '' a.k.a . ki-woo whose phone vibrate just a few foot from she under the table . ki- woo quickly silence he phone . chung - sook cough to cover the sound . she glance over at da- hae to see if da- hae hear it too . she do . Da - hae look around , confuse . 99 . ki-woo hurriedly switch he phone to silence mode . ki- tek and ki-jung do the same . da- hae 's text message crowd ki-woo 's screen -- smh Da - song 's crazy raindance I hate my brother tote see this come . start lose he shit at camp lmao I too selfie please / / / / / I miss you / / / no / why noooooooot / I be with you right now da- hae continue to exchange cringe- induce love text with ki-woo as she plop down on the sofa . ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung nearly shriek when da-hae 's wriggly foot come within inch of they face . meanwhile yon - kyo and Dong - ik give up on da- song and return to the live room . chung -sook take they umbrella and hand they a couple of towel . she nervously look over at the coffee table . yon -kyo ( to chung - sook ) you should go sleep in the room . we will stay here with da- song . dong -ik ( to da- hae ) you too . stop look at you phone and go to you room . without answer , da- hae get up and stomp up the stair , never look up once from she phone . chung -sook look back at the live room with a worried face as she go to the kitchen . yon - kyo and Dong - ik sit down on the sofa , now directly face ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung . 100 . Dong - ik press the button on he walkie-talkie . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) ( into the radio ) dad to Da - song , dad to Da - song . currently stand by in the live room . i'11 be here all night so call I if there 's a emergency . da - song ( radio ) copy that . over and out . Da - song 's voice on the radio sound excited . he get he wish after all . Dong - ik let out a weak laugh . dong -ik this be incredible . you do not think the teepee will leak , do you ? yon -kyo ( sigh ) I buy it directly from a american vendor . I think it should be okay . dong -ik you son be quite unpredictable . never easy , I will say . yon - kyo feel like it 's she fault . yon -kyo he 's be get better ... look. sign he up for the cub scout definitely pay off . see how fast he set up that tent . outside the window , the teepee light up . lantern be light inside , one after another . it 's picturesque . the teepee , emit a pleasant orange glow . against the backdrop of beautiful tree . see through the shimmer veil of pour rain . Dong - ik turn off the live room light and place a few cushion on yon - kyo 's side . dong -ik let 's just sleep here on the sofa tonight . we will be able to see the tent from here . yon-kyo that sound good . that way we can keep a eye on da-song . 101 . ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung turn ashen . they be fuck . Dong - ik lie down in the spoon position behind yon - kyo . it 's quite romantic . both of they in they pajamas . tightly snuggle up on the sofa . dong -ik hold on . ( sniff ) I know that smell . yon -kyo what ? dong -ik this be Mr. Kim 's smell . yon -kyo Mr. Kim ? be you sure ? ( sniff ) I do not know what you be talk about . Dong - ik and yon - kyo both sniff the air . ki- tek become nervous . he smell he T-shirt . dong -ik I guess you do not know . I sit behind he every day so I know the smell . yon -kyo like poor people smell ? dong -ik no . it 's not that strong . it 's more like a subtle aroma that seep into the air -- yon -kyo like old people smell ? dong -ik no , no . how should I put it -- maybe the smell of a old radish pickle ? or that smell when you be wash a dirty rag ? ki- tek try he best to keep a straight face under the table . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) I mean I like he drive . and the man never cross the line . ( more ) 102 . dong -ik ( cont 'd ) sometimes he teeter very close , but he never actually cross it . that 's all great . but that smell . it definitely cross the line . ( laugh ) it just creep into the backseat and surround you -- yon -kyo you think that 's what da- song be talk about ? dong -ik it 's hard to explain . I smell it when I ride the subway sometimes . yon-kyo I have not ride the subway in forever . dong -ik there 's this unique smell that subway commuter have -- ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung can do nothing but silently take hit after hit . ki- tek be completely expressionless . on the sofa , Dong - ik slowly slide up he hand and caress yon - kyo 's breast over she pajama top . yon -kyo ( quiet ) what be you do ? dong -ik it feel like we be in the backseat of a car , do not it ? Dong - ik sound like a horny high school boy . he put he hand inside yon - kyo 's pajama top and continue fondle she . yon - kyo look up at the kitchen and the stair to make sure no one be watch . she close she eye and give in to pleasure . yon -kyo ( moan ) clockwise . Dong - ik move he hand as instruct . it start migrate below yon - kyo 's navel . they body grow closer . breathe become labor . dong -ik do you have a pair of really cheap panty ? 95 103 . yon -kyo cheap panty ? dong -ik that panty that yun leave behind . something like that . Real cheap and tacky . Dong - ik 's hand slip inside yon - kyo 's underwear . he make it ' vibrate 's like a sex toy . yon - kyo 's lip part from pleasure . she gasp . yon-kyo no , I do not have -- something so crude . dong -ik I must be a pervert . I get hard think about that cheap , trashy pair of underpant . yon -kyo where would I find something so -- horrendous . ( gasp ) down . ki-jung try to keep a cool face as the rich couple continue to malign she underwear . ki- tek 's face be dark . he 's more humiliate than she be . meanwhile yon - kyo be push closer toward climax by the underpant talk . she bite she lip but be hardly able to suppress she moan . ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung hear everything under the table . a heavy fatigue come over ki- tek 's face . time pass slowly . int . mansion - live room - later 95 hiding in the dark kitchen , chung - sook look over at the live room where the Parks be now sleep . she send a text -- / they be pass out / move out 1 by 1 under the table , ki- tek receive the text . he signal ki-jung to go first . she slide out and start crawl toward the garage stair . ki- woo go next . once they be safely across , they wait for ki- tek . 96 97 104 . ki- tek be slowly make he way when -- a strong beam of light suddenly penetrate the live room . a flashlight . ki- tek quickly flatten himself on the floor . the light search the live room before settling on yon - kyo and Dong - ik on the sofa . ext . mansion - garden - night 96 the rain be still heavy . we see Da - song poke he head out , shine he flashlight at yon - kyo and Dong - ik in the live room . he turn glum when he see they sleep . he angrily wave the flashlight , try to wake they up . int . mansion - live room - night 97 ki- tek curl into a tight ball to avoid the wildly roam light . he be slowly inching toward the stair when -- the t-667 walkie - talkie on the coffee table crackle to life . we hear Da - song 's voice through the fuzz -- da - song ( radio ) mayday ! mayday ! dad , come in ! ki- tek freeze . there 's nowhere to hide . he can only close he eye and hope he do not get discover . Dong - ik wake up and pick up the walkie-talkie . he look out the window and see the flashlight blink inside the tent . dong -ik ( into the radio ) what be it ? yon -kyo be that Da - song ? what 's go on ? yon - kyo and Dong - ik be too concerned with da- song to notice ki- tek hunch over in the dark merely a few foot away . da - song ( radio ) I can not go to sleep . over . Dong - ik and yon - kyo can not help but laugh . dong -ik ( into the radio ) so come inside ! let 's all go to sleep in we comfy bed . 98 99 100 101 105 . da - song ( radio ) no ! the transmission cut out . Dong - ik and yon - kyo laugh and sigh . back to the sofa it be . they return to sleep . when all be quiet , ki- tek start move again . int . mansion - garage - night 98 ki- tek flip up the door switch before quickly flipping it back down . the garage door go up about one - and - a- half foot before stop . ki-jung and ki-woo hold they breath . do anyone in the house hear the door ? when they do not hear anything , they crawl through the narrow open and walk out into the rain . ki- tek press the ' down 's switch and slip through the crack before it completely close . ext . mansion - road - night 99 high on the surveillance camera above the gate , the severe wire dangle below . rack focus to reveal -- ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung sneaking out of the house and walk down the empty road . rain pour as they make they way down the wind road . ext . STREET - night 100 ki- tek and the kid trudge silently through the rain . they be walk on the side of a gloomy four- lane road , no longer in the nice part of town . they do not bother go into a store to buy a umbrella . they do not bother hail a cab . they just walk , they face steepe in anguish . ext . hilltop - night 101 we look down on a hillside neighborhood . a different hillside view . work class . illuminate by the light of low - income apartment . the gate of poverty . ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung stop under a overpass , out of breath . we see they as silhouettes . KI - jung ( panting ) so what do you do ? 106 . ki-tek what be you talk about ? KI - jung the basement . KI - tek I tie they up so they can not come out . KI - jung what be we go to do ? ki- tek be silent . KI - jung ( cont 'd ) what do we do now ? what 's the goddamn plan ? ki- tek do not have one . rain drown the silence . ki- woo , still in a daze , mumble to himself -- KI - woo what would min-hyuk do ? KI - jung min-hyuk would not have get himself in this mess in the first place ! ki-jung be about to lash out further when ki- tek calmly step forward . KI - tek calm down . both of you . ki- jung seethes . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) we make it out of that house , do not we ? KI - woo we do . ki-tek no one else know about what happen in the house . be I right ? ki- jung nod . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) so as far as I be concerned nothing happen in there . do you understand ? 102 103 107 . ki- tek sound like a real father . firm. reassuring . ki- jung actually listen to he . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) I know what I be do . daddy have a plan . so you two just erase everything that happen today from you memory . KI - jung okay . ki-woo nod . KI - tek let 's go home and wash up . with that , ki- tek step back into the rain . ki- woo and ki-jung follow . unsettling music creep in over the rain . ext . KI - tek 's neighborhood - STREET - night 102 ki- tek , ki-woo , and ki-jung walk through the relentless downpour , pass shabby , low -rent building . they hear shout , siren in the distance . they turn the corner to see a completely flood alley ! all the road lead to they apartment be cover in knee - deep water . total pandemonium . sewage backflow . a semi - basement resident scoops water out of he apartment with a bucket . ki- tek stare in horror . he hurry toward the apartment . ki- woo and ki-jung splash in after he . int . semi - basement - entrance - night 103 ki- tek have to use great strength to open the door . he step inside to see brown flood water pour in through the window . the water be already up to he chest . his foot touch something , and he reach into the dirty water to pick up -- a live king crab flail its leg . ki- tek stare at the crab . it 's too surreal . his home have become a underwater habitat . he throw the crab away . his face fill with despair . 104 105 106 108 . meanwhile ki-woo cross toward the window . he try to close it to stop further flooding when -- KI - woo ow ! he feel a shock of electricity as soon as he touch it . he quickly withdraw he hand . ki-tek be you shocked ? do not touch it ! do not touch the window ! just get what you need ! int . semi - basement - bathroom - night 104 ki-jung pries the door open and trudge toward the toilet , which be spew shit water like a icelandic geyser . ki- jung barely close the lid and climb on top . she open a square panel on the ceiling and reach in to find -- a pack of cigarettes and a lighter that she have hide there . we see a few fold bill stashed in the cellophane wrap . ki-jung light a cigarette amidst the raging flood . the surging sewage lift she toilet seat up and down . int . semi - basement - live room - night 105 ki-woo be go around pack a few essential into a gray bag when -- something touch he foot in the water . he bend over and reach into the murky depth , eventually find -- the viewing stone that min-hyuk give the family as a gift . ki-woo pants heavily as he hug the rock . it 's like he just find a precious treasure . over the image of the stone veile by the hazy , undulate water , dark music begin to play . int . mansion - secret room - night 106 kun - sae be face away from mun-kwang , strain to remove the tape off she mouth with he tie - up hand . mun-kwang sweat profusely and fall in and out of consciousness . when kun - sae finally rip off the tape -- 107 109 . mun- kwang jump up and stagger toward the toilet . kun - sae watch in horror as she throw up into the bowl . kun -sae ( through tape ) mmm-mmmm ! ( mun-kwang ! ) mun- kwang moan . she 's in a lot of pain . she get up and start toward kun - sae but lose she balance . kun - sae throw himself to catch she , but she fall flat on the floor . mun -kwang vomiting be a symptom of -- kun - sae scream something to mun-kwang , but he cry be muffle by the tape on he mouth . they be hear as primal , animalistic grunt . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) it 's suppose to be a symptom of -- kun - sae stare helplessly . mun-kwang ( cont ’d ) ( weak ) honey -- ( laugh ) chung -sook . she -- that bitch kick I in the face -- mun- kwang laugh like she husband , mumble incoherently . her voice dwindle . she 's near the end . she curl up in the corner next to the toilet . kun - sae shout through the tape . he wail painfully like a hurt beast . the scream continue over to -- int . semi - basement - live room - night 107 the water be now up to ki- tek 's chin . he stand at the entrance and look back at the apartment like a captain take one last look at he sink ship . the water inside have merge with the floodwater on the street and have form a continuous brown ocean extend throughout the neighborhood . unnerving music continue . a dark wave of water roll over the screen and we CUT to -- 108 109 110 110 . int . mansion - secret room - night 108 Inside the dark room , we find a craze kun - sae bang on the wall switch with he bloody forehead . his face be a mask of sweat , blood , snot . we see mun-kwang 's lifeless body on the floor behind he . kun - sae furiously bang the switch with he head , overcome with pain and sorrow . int / ext . mansion - da - song 's teepee - night 109 Da - song unzip the tent and look at the live room across the garden . he see the light blink randomly in the front entrance . he start timing the blink . he take out he notebook and start transcribe they as dot and dash . he consult the morse code chart in the back of he cub scout book but can not seem to make out any word . camera track in on the light as they blink more and more frantically . unsettling music reach a crescendo . int . school gym - evacuation CENTER - early morning 110 fill with row and row of evacuee from flood area . currently sleep . the light be off , and the gym be illuminate by the faint glow of daybreak . ki- tek and the kid be among the evacuee . ki- jung be completely knock out . it 's be a rough night . ki-woo tightly hold the view stone as he lie wide awake . his eye be bloodshot . KI - woo hey , dad . KI - tek hey ... KI - woo so -- ki-woo look at ki-jung to make sure she be sleep . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) you plan . what be it ? ki-tek what be you talk about ? 111. KI - woo you say you have a plan . what be we go to do about -- ( quiet ) the basement . ki- tek be silent for a long moment . his face be cold and emotionless . ki-tek do you want to know how you make a foolproof plan ? KI - woo how ? ki-tek do not plan at all . have no plan . ki-woo , confuse . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) if you plan , something will always go wrong . that 's life . ( then ) look around . do you think this people get up this morning and say '' tonight I be go to sleep on a dirty floor with hundred of stranger '' ? but look where they be now . look where we be . ki-woo be hardly consol . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) that 's why you should never plan . if you do not have a plan , you can not fail . you can not do anything wrong . do not matter if you kill someone or commit fuck treason . nothing fuck matter . you understand ? ki- tek talk quietly . there 's a hostility in he voice . his face drip with fatigue . ki-woo be scared . he 's never see he father like this . he hug the rock more tightly . KI - woo I be sorry , dad . ki-tek for what ? 112. KI - woo everything . I be go to make it right . KI - tek stop talk nonsense . ( be : view stone ) why be you hugging that thing ? KI - woo this ? ki-woo look down at the stone . KI - woo ( cont ’d ) it want to be with I . ki- tek look at ki-woo . he 's act strange . KI - wooo ( cont ’d ) it 's true . it keep follow I . ki-tek get some sleep . KI - woo ( to himself ) I know it be a sign when min-hyuk give it to I . a symbolic gift ... ki- woo stare blankly ahead . we have no idea what he 's think . 111 int . mansion - live room - morning sunlight fill the live room . yon - kyo walk up to the window and look up at the marvelous sky . she see the tent in the garden . Dong - ik slowly rise from the sofa behind she . 112 ext . mansion - garden - morning Dong - ik walk over to the raindrop - cover teepee and carefully peek inside -- da- song be finally asleep after the long and eventful night . Dong - ik smile and give the okay sign to yon - kyo in the live room . 113 114 115 113 . int . mansion - dressing room - morning 113 yon -kyo ( into the phone ) jessica ! sorry to call you so early on a Sunday . be you free for lunch today ? we be plan a surprise party for Da - song . yon - kyo be sit at she vanity , chat excitedly into she phone . it 's on speaker . int . school gym - morning 114 a groggy ki-jung answer the phone . we see row of people sleep behind she . KI - jung ( into the phone ) you be have a birthday party ? yon -kyo ( phone ) yes . Da - song would be so thrilled to see you there . int . mansion - dressing room - morning 115 yon -kyo ( into the phone ) the food will be amazing . pasta , gratin , salmon steak ... you know I be a excellent chef , right ? you have to come . KI - jung ( phone ) sure ... yon -kyo ( into the phone ) you have to be here by one o'clock at the latest . and we will count today as a lesson . ( English ) you know what I mean ? ( Korean ) see you very soon ! yon - kyo lay down a barrage before abruptly hang up . we see da- hae stand behind yon - kyo . she look over she mom 's shoulder with twinkle eye . 116 114 . da-hae hey , Mom . the birthday party -- should I invite Kevin ? yon -kyo ( turn back ) what a excellent idea ! why not ? you call he . da-hae on it ! da- hae , ecstatic , run to she room . as she do -- we see Dong - ik come up the stair behind she . he walk into the master bedroom and throw himself on the bed . he crawl under the cover to go back to sleep . yon - kyo call he from the dress room -- yon -kyo sleep , sleep . you have a long night . you need some more rest . dong-ik thanks . ( yawn ) do not you have to do the round ? yon -kyo yep . wine shop , bakery , florist , grocery store -- I be on top of it . I already call Mr. Kim and tell he to come early . I be go to pay he extra for today . dong -ik perfect . Dong - ik give she a thumb up with he eye close . yon - kyo smile , pleased with Dong - ik 's approval . she open the closet . int . school gym - morning 116 evacuee surround a pile of second -hand clothes , look for something salvageable . donation from a local organization . ki- jung look frustrated . she do not see anything appropriate for the party . she look at ki- tek , who be also frantically digging through the pile with bloodshot eye . 117 115 . behind they , ki-woo be still lie on the floor . he open he eye and look at he phone -- '' 7 miss call - da- hae '' ki-woo sit up and go through da- hae 's text message . he put the viewing stone in the gray bag . int . mansion - kitchen / live room - morning 117 chung -sook busily prepare ingredient for the party . her eye be red . she have not sleep at all . a refresh yon - kyo hop down the stair and call chung - sook out to the live room . she look out at the sunny garden . yon-kyo I want you to go to the storage basement . we should have about ten party table in there . chung -sook okay ... yon -kyo let 's bring they all out . clean they so they be bright and shiny . we will set they up in a semi-circle around Da - song 's tent -- yon - kyo try to show chung - sook with she hand . no , not quite right . then -- yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) crane formation ! you know , right ? the formation that General yi soon shin famously use during the Battle of hansan Island . chung -sook 's face say , ' how the fuck should I know . '' she quickly hide she expression . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) think of Da - song 's tent as a japanese battleship . we ’l1l surround it in a semi-circle , like the wing of a crane . the barbecue grill will go next to the tent -- 118 119 120 116 . int . mansion - storage basement - morning 118 chung - sook struggle to pull out the party table from the faintly light basement . she stop to take a breath . a chill silence envelop the room . chung -sook look at the jar cabinet cover the secret door . she can almost hear mun-kwang and kun - sae 's breathe come from the other side . she stare at the cabinet for a long time . int . organic food store - morning 119 a upscale food market . organic produce beautifully display . ki- tek be at the cash register bag item as a cashier scan they . yon - kyo be next to he talk on the phone . yon -kyo ( laugh ) that sound great . bring you husband too ! and please -- do not bring any gift . yon - kyo hand the cashier she credit card . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) I just want you to come and enjoy the food ! it seem like it 's go to be a large - scale affair . ki- tek follow yon - kyo out with huge bag of fruit and vegetable . yon - kyo 's shrill laughter put ki- tek on edge . he squint he bloodshot eye . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) come . you can take a break from cooking today . ( nodd ) yes , of course . daytime be the best time for vino ! ( laugh ) well , we would be so grateful if you could sing a song at the party . int . wine shop - morning 120 yon -kyo ( more ) 121 122 117 . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) no dress code . it 's just a casual affair . you can come in you pajamas if you want . ( laugh ) and please , no gift . I just want you to come and enjoy . that 'il be the best gift for we . ( then ) you have a Mini Cooper , right ? great . we can squeeze it in next to we car . it will fit just fine . yon - kyo talk on the phone as she walk past fancy vintage wine . she pick several out and give they to ki- tek . ki- tek 's face grow dark as he follow yon - kyo with the heavy basket . ext . mansion - garden - morning 121 chung -sook be set up the table in the ' crane formation 's around the tent . Da - song be still sleep inside . she be sweat and grunt away by herself when she see -- a pajama-clad Dong - ik walk toward the tent . he smile awkwardly at chung - sook before check inside the tent . he turn to chung - sook and put a finger on he lip -- ' shhhh . 's dong - ik ( silent ) he 's still sleep . chung - sook nod and proceed quietly . it 's hard to set up the bulky table without make noise . Dong - ik scratch he belly as he return to the house . int . mercede - drive - morning 122 yon -kyo ( into the phone ) do you see the sky today ? Crystal clear . Zero air pollution . rain wash it all away . of course camp be a major fail because of the rain , but we get to have a garden party instead , yay ! it be actually a bless in disguise . 123 124 118 . yon - kyo be jabber away when she suddenly smell something and hold she nose . ki- tek 's scent must have drift she way . ki- tek see yon - kyo cover she nose through the rearview mirror . it bother he . yon - kyo roll down the window slightly . yon - kyo ( cont ’d ) I almost forget . please please please do not bring any present . you have to promise . ext . mansion - garden - day 123 the sun shine brightly on the garden . party guest sit around table decorate with flower . chung - sook busily shuttle food from the kitchen . some of the guest have already finish the bottle of wine at they table . people be have a good time . int . mansion - da - hae 's room - day 124 we see the party downstairs through da- hae 's window . colorful gift box be stack high in front of Da - song 's teepee . ki-woo look out the window with a blank expression . Da - hae stand beside he , stare . da-hae you be somewhere else , be not you ? KI - woo what ? da - hae when we be kissing just now . you be somewhere else . right ? KI - wwoo no ... da -hae stop lie . you be still think about something else . ki- woo see the crowd mingling effortlessly in the garden -- 119 . a kid take picture with he leica , a woman passionately explain something to other guest with a bottle of wine in she hand , a male guest chopping firewood next to the grill and look utterly cool do it . everyone look genuinely happy . KI - woo ( be : guest ) they be all so gorgeous . even though they have to come at the last minute . so cool . laid back . da- hae look puzzle . KI - woo ( cont 'd ) da- hae . da - hae yeah ? KI - woo do I look like I belong here ? da - hae what do you mean ? KI - woo do I look like I belong in this house ? Da - hae have no idea why he 's ask . ki- woo , still numb , pad over to the desk where he bag be . da-hae where be you go ? KI - woo I need to go downstairs . da -hae stay . let 's hang out . KI - woo I need to go down . da-hae that people be boring . da- hae hug ki-woo tightly . da-hae ( cont 'd ) just stay with I . KI - woo ( sotto ) not there . further down . 125 120 . with a grim face , ki-woo remove the suiseki from he bag . da-hae whoa . what be that thing ? ext . mansion - garden - day 125 Dong - ik and ki- tek hide behind the tree where the guest can not see they , dress as native AMERICANS . Dong - ik put feather and other finish touch on ki- tek 's costume . dong -ik I can not believe we be do this . look at we . a couple of middle - age man , wear silly costume -- ki- tek it 's fine ... Dong - ik and ki- tek both laugh awkwardly . ki- tek look exhaust . it 's be a nonstop shitshow since yesterday -- the flood , the evacuation center , spend the morning as yon - kyo 's shopping assistant , and now the elaborate role - play . he just stand there , limply hold the toy axe . dong -ik I be really sorry , Mr. Kim . Mrs. Park make I do this . I do not have a choice . ( then ) it 's really simple . there 's go to be a cake ceremony , and jessica , the art teacher , be go to bring out the cake . she 's walk , walk , walk , she 's go to present the cake -- then we appear from the tree swinging we axe , ambush she ! because , you know , we be the bad guy . KI - tek sure . dong -ik at that moment , Da - song , the good indian , attack we with he axe . a battle ensue , and da- song heroically save Ms. jessica and the cake ! everybody applaud . you get the idea . I know it 's ridiculous . 121 . Dong - ik laugh again . ki-tek I guess Mrs. Park enjoy throw party . dong -ik I suppose she do . she put a lot of effort into Da - song 's birthday this year . ki-tek how thoughtful of she . and you too . Dong - ik sense a tone in ki- tek 's voice . KI - tek ( cont ’d ) what can you do , I guess . you love they , right ? ki- tek do not hide the sarcasm , and Dong - ik notice . tension rise between they . dong -ik Mr. Kim , you be technically work today , be not you ? ki-tek yes , sir . dong -ik then just think of this as part of the job . Dong - ik avoid ki- tek 's eye as he put another feather on ki- tek 's headband . KI - tek Mr. Park . I think you go over the line . dong -ik what do you say ? ki-tek no . I mean this . Dong - ik see that one of the feather be push too far . the tip be poke out from the bottom of the headband . he still can not shake the feel that ki- tek be talk about a different ' line . 's ki- tek push up the errant feather with he finger . 126 122 . int . mansion - kitchen 126 chung -sook set up the buffet table accord to yon - kyo 's reference picture . a foreign chef be behind she marinate barbecue meat . when he finish and take the meat out to the garden -- ki-jung carefully approach chung -sook . KI - jung ( whisper ) have you be down there ? chung-sook no , I have be too busy . KI - jung should not we try to talk to they ? try to reach a agreement . chung-sook I think so too . we all get too emotional yesterday . ki-jung look around before say -- KI - jung I ’1l1 go down there and see how they be do . chung - sook nod . from under the table , she take out a large party platter fill with various food . chung-sook here . take this with you . I make it for they just in case . they 's 1ll be more willing to talk if they stomach be full . ki- jung nod . she take the platter and add a few more meatball from the buffet table . she be about to go down to the basement when -- she hear yon - kyo 's high - pitch laughter come from the live room . yon-kyo ( 0.s. ) jessica ! I be look for you ! what be you do there ? come out here . ki- jung slowly put the platter down behind she . 127 128 123. chung - sook quickly escape , take more food out to the garden . yon - kyo come in and pull ki-jung out to the -- live room where she show ki-jung a gourmet cream cake sit on the coffee table . yon -kyo ( cont ’d ) this cake be very symbolic . it have a therapeutic significance , you know , related to Da - song 's trauma . I want you to bring it out , jessica . it have to be you . it will be the highlight of the day ! as yon - kyo and ki-jung admire the cake -- we see ki-woo quietly walk down the stair , out of focus in the background . he have the gray bag over he shoulder . he enter the kitchen and walk down to the storage basement . int . mansion - storage basement - day 127 ki- woo push the jar cabinet to the side , revealing the dark steel door behind it . he unty the tightly wrap wire and open the door . he walk down one step at a time , hold up he cell phone flashlight . int . mansion - secret room - day 128 the room be pitch black . once he reach the bottom of the stair , ki-woo remove the view stone from the gray bag . his hand tremble , and he start breathe faster . with he cell phone flashlight tuck in he breast pocket , he carefully make he way in , eventually find -- a tie - up mun-kwang fall next to the toilet . ki- woo swallow nervously . his leg grow weak and he eye brim with tear as he slowly walk up to mun-kwang 's head . he raise the stone to strike mun-kwang but -- he can not do it . he just stand there , face cover in snot and tear , shaking uncontrollably , when -- we notice a circular object ' float 's behind ki-woo . a noose . kun - sae have untied he cord and form a noose with it . he slowly bring it above ki-woo 's head . 129 130 124 . ki-woo be oblivious . he continue to sob and shudder . he finally feel something behind he and look up but -- too late . kun - sae quickly wrap the noose around ki-woo 's neck and tighten it ! ki- woo struggle . the view stone drop and hit he foot , which cause he to further lose he balance . he be drag across the floor by kun - sae . we can only see kun - sae 's maniacal eye in the darkness as he strangle ki-woo . ki- woo thrashes violently . he can not breathe and he eye be ready to roll back . kun - sae pick up the view stone and raise it to deliver the final blow . he swing it mightily at ki-woo 's head , but -- ki- woo turn and avoid it at the last moment . ki- woo run up the stair , cord still dangle from he neck . kun - sae chase ki-woo with the stone . ki- woo have just make it past the jar cabinet when -- kun - sae grab the cord drag behind ki-woo and pull it hard . ki- woo fly backward into the air and -- slam ! -- Falls hard on the floor . his wind be knock out . kun - sae run up to ki-woo . he raise the stone high and bring it down on ki-woo 's head ! we hear a horrifying crunch as we -- smash to : ext . mansion - garden - day 129 we hear applause . one of the Party guest , a opera singer , start sing a aria . ki-jung be hold the cake . yon - kyo light the candle . int . mansion - storage basement - day 130 a thirsty kun - sae gulp down a large bottle of plum extract . he push the cabinet back in place and hide the secret doorway . he hear the faint sound of aria come from above . when he turn , we finally see he face -- it 's horrible . and a little ridiculous . blood from he forehead have dry into a frightening red mask . but a clear rectangle remain where the tape cover he mouth . 131 132 125 . kun - sae look down at he foot where ki-woo be lie . blood be slowly pool around ki-woo 's head , push out the puddle of plum extract spill on the floor . kun - sae pick up the view stone from the floor and slam ki- woo 's head again ! ki- woo 's finger tremble . be he still conscious ? or be that the last flicker of life ... int . mansion - kitchen - day 131 kun - sae trudge up the stair and arrive in the bright kitchen . a surreal juxtaposition . his ghostly , blood -smear mask against the pure white kitchen . out in the garden he see , through laugh and applaud party guest -- ki-jung , hold Da - song 's birthday cake . kun - sae pick up a large kitchen knife from the sink and walk toward the garden . as soon as he disappear -- da- hae come down the stair and poke she head inside the kitchen . da -hae Kevin ! Kevin , where be you ? ext . mansion - garden - day 132 ki-jung walk down the ' aisle 's between the Party guest , slowly so the candle do not blow out . a embarrassed but obviously excited Da - song wait in front of the tent . he watch he favorite teacher Ms. jessica bring he the cake when -- everyone scream , and the crowd part like the Red Sea . ki- jung look back to see -- kun - sae run toward she with the kitchen knife . ki- jung shove the cake in kun - sae 's face just as he swing the knife . but a beat too late as the knife plunge into she chest . kun - sae pull the knife , and blood plume from ki-jung 's chest . it spray over the white cream cover exactly half of kun - sae 's face . when ki-jung fall , da- song see kun - sae loom over he , drip with jessica 's blood . the ghost . 126 . Da - song scream . a truly horrible scream . louder and two octave higher than the guest . his eye roll back , and he go into a full - on seizure . we hear yon - kyo 's scream from somewhere in the crowd . kun - sae pull up ki-jung and put the knife to she throat . he shout to the guest -- kun -sae do not move ! ki- tek and Dong - ik be run out from the tree when they stop at kun - sae 's voice . the chaotically flee guest also freeze in they track . a tense moment . a white butterfly fly over to kun - sae and flutter its wing above he cake - cover head . kun -sae ( cont 'd ) chung -sook ! where be you ! come out you fuck bitch ! chung - sook emerge from behind the crowd . her eye be set on ki-jung . chung -sook ki-jung ! wake up ! ki-jung be bleed profusely . she let out a weak moan . chung -sook ( cont ’d ) ( scream ) put pressure on the wound , ki- jung ! you have to stop the blood ! chung -sook and ki- tek be focus on ki-jung while Dong - ik and yon - kyo can not look away from Da - song . a agonizing moment for both family . no one move until -- kun - sae throw ki-jung on the ground and make a dash for chung -sook . people scream , scatter . chung -sook turn the grill over , spilling char meat and firewood over kun - sae . smoke create a temporary screen . when kun - sae come through the smoke , chung - sook quickly snatch he wrist , pull he into a vicious fight . ki- tek heave he toy axe at kun - sae as he run toward the fight . it miss kun - sae and instead bounce off chung - sook 's head . meanwhile Dong - ik jump over the wounded ki-jung and sprint toward Da - song . he pick up the spasming child and run back through the crowd toward yon-kyo. 127 . chung -sook and kun - sae go at each other in the middle of the garden like two predator . ki- tek come to help but can not find a way to squeeze between they . he go to ki-jung and try to stanch the blood . it will not stop . he look for something to tie she with , but there 's nothing around . everyone be busy flee , and no one stop to help . KI - tek help ! please help we ! Dong - ik give Da - song to yon - kyo , who bark furiously at ki- tek . yon -kyo Mr. Kim , get the car ! we can not wait for a ambulance ! dong -ik Kim ! get the car ! yon -kyo Fifteen minute ! Dong - ik and yon - kyo scream frantically at ki- tek as he desperately try to stop the blood from ki-jung 's wound . yon - kyo have a craze look . her maternal instinct have be kick up to 11 . she do not care that ki-jung be die or that two derange people be fight in she garden . Dong - ik can not wait anymore . he yell at ki- tek . dong -ik key ! give I the key ! at that moment -- we see the hell break loose in the garden in slow motion . Party guest continue to escape one by one , and only the ' little people 's be leave viciously fight for they life . KI - tek 's Pov -- he see he daughter 's blood drip between he finger ... his wife flail under a man with a knife ... Dong - ik and yon - kyo yell at he ... Party guest run away ... to add to the list of completely fuck - up shit , he see -- da- hae walk toward the gate with a bloody and unconscious ki-woo on she back . bawling she eye out . 128 . meanwhile Dong - ik continue to yell at ki- tek -- dong -ik ( cont 'd ) the key ! ki- tek remove the car key from he pocket and hastily throw they at Dong - ik . they hit one of the flee guest and drop in the grass . kun - sae and chung - sook roll over the key as they continue they death match . kun - sae pick up the fall kitchen knife and stab chung - sook in the arm ! chung -sook grab she arm as she fall into a pile of burn log behind she . she scream . kun - sae be not do . he climb on top of she and raise the knife to finish she off . ki- tek jump at kun - sae to stop he , but kun - sae be too strong . his rage have endow he with supernatural strength . he quickly subdue ki- tek and bring the knife up to stab he . ki- tek close he eye . he brace himself for the final moment when -- nothing happen ? ki- tek slowly open he eye . he see -- a metal barbecue skewer deeply plunge into kun - sae 's waist . kun - sae can not even scream . the pain of the hot skewer pierce he innard be too much . we see chung - sook hold the other end . in between we see piece of meat and sausage smoking on the skewer . as chung - sook let go -- kun - sae gradually crumble to the ground . ki- tek 's craze , red eye see Dong - ik run toward he . Dong - ik lift chung -sook and search underneath for the car key . no longer the cool , poise ceo . he 's overcome with fear , panic . he roll over kun - sae and finally locate the key when -- he smell something and frown . it 's kun - sae 's body odor . he hold he nose at the awful smell . ki- tek notice . a fleeting moment , but it triggers something inside he . ki- tek pick up the toy axe from the ground and stalk Dong - ik . when Dong - ik hear ki- tek 's footstep and turn around -- 133 129 . ki- tek swing the axe and plant it right between Dong - ik 's neck and shoulder ! that 's when we realize -- it 's not a toy . it 's a real axe . the one the cool guy use to chop firewood for the barbecue . we be not sure if ki- tek know it . it do not matter . all that matter be that it 's stick deeply in Dong - ik 's neck . yon - kyo and the Party guest be too stunne to scream . blood spurt from Dong - ik 's neck as he fall on the grass . ki- tek stare blankly at Dong - ik . he feel something touch he foot and look down -- it 's Da - song 's toy axe . the real axe be still in he hand , drip with Dong - ik 's blood . yon - kyo faint with da- song in she arm . everyone in the garden stop and stare at ki- tek , the axe murderer , in horror . ki- tek wake up from he daze and realize what he 's do . he 's horrify . he bolt for the gate . when frighten guest jump out of he way , he realize that he still have the bloody axe . he throw it away . ki- tek be scared . as he run to the gate , he see -- -- chung - sook press down ki-jung 's chest while fight through she own pain . the foreign chef be beside she bandage she arm . -- kun- sae , bleed out from he puncture waist , alone and neglect by the crowd . -- a few men try to stanch Dong - ik 's blood while call 911 . -- women help up yon - kyo and da-song . ki- tek leave the chaos behind and run out of the gate . as siren grow louder in the distance , we -- fade to black . int . dark void 133 the screen be pitch black . we start hearing faint sound before slowly fading in on -- a man stare into the camera . KI - wooo ( v.0 . ) he be the first person I see when I wake up a month later . 134 135 130 . we realize this be KI - woo 's Pov . he narrate in a calm voice . the man have a nondescript face and narrow shoulder . he be talk , but we can not hear anything . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) a detective . although he do not look like one . when we focus on the man 's mouth , we can sort of read he lip '' you have the right to remain silent ... '' the man seem to be read ki-woo he miranda rights . reveal -- ki-woo lie on the bed , he head heavily bandage . he flash a languid smile , he eye droopy . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) then I see a doctor who do not look like a doctor . he tell I one of the side effect of brain surgery be laugh for no reason . a quirky - looking doctor examine ki-woo 's pupil . everything seem like a dream to ki-woo , whose leave eye be slightly cross , possibly as a result of nerve damage during surgery . int . prison hospital ward - hallway - day 134 ki- woo ( v.0 . ) maybe that 's why I laugh when I hear that ki-jung die . they say she die from loss of blood . ki-woo chuckle and grab he stomach as he push a iv pole down the hall . the guard look at he strangely . int . court - day 135 KI - wwoo ( v.0 . ) I also laugh when Mom and I receive we sentence . we avoid the slew of charge they throw at we -- forgery , home invasion , voluntary manslaughter , which we argue be self defense -- and walk away with probation . 136 137 138 131 . ki-woo can not stop giggle as the judge hand down he sentence . chung - sook and he lawyer give he a look . int . bus - drive - day 136 chung -sook and ki-woo bounce in they seat as the bus speed away from the city . they look out at the sunny view . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) same when I see ki-jung again for the first time since the incident . int . cinerarium - day 137 countless white urn line the shelf . we see ki-jung 's picture on one of they . KI - wwoo ( v.0 . ) I laugh then too . ki-woo be in front of ki-jung 's urn . he stare at he sister 's brightly smile face in the picture . he smile back . chung -sook be sobbing behind he . the picture must be a few year old . ki- jung be brighter , happier in it . more innocent . int . semi - basement - KI - jung 's room - day 138 everything be just as ki-jung leave it . chung - sook be on the floor scrubbing the remain mud stain off the furniture . the camera soon leave she and move to the -- bathroom where ki-woo be sit on the toilet . he 's watch a month - old news clip on he phone . a reporter be in the news studio talk about the Park house incident . reporter 1 ( news ) the murder , which have no apparent motive and take place in a quiet , upper-class neighborhood , have confound the police . the other suspect , a unidentified homeless male , be murder himself at the scene , further shroud -- ki- woo flip to another news clip . another reporter appear . 139 140 132 . reporter 2 ( news ) the driver , Kim , be know to have a good relationship with he employer Park , and police have yet to narrow down a concrete motive . Kim * * 's whereabouts be still unclear after he be last see flee the scene , and police continue search for lead . his cell signal be last active at the crime scene -- ext . residential neighborhood - alley - day 139 ki- woo ( v.0 . ) of course neither Mom or I have have any contact with you since that day . ki-woo be go around different apartment , posting promotional flyer . his new job . we see the detective from the hospital follow he from afar . the detective be watch ki-woo from a staircase when he twist he ankle and fall down the step . ki- woo see the detective fall . he feel bad for the guy . KI - woo ( v.0 . ) I just feel awful that poor detective who have to follow we all day . ext . hill - late afternoon 140 it 's winter now . ki- woo , bundle in a parka , climb a hill in the middle of Seoul , walk through gray , leafless tree . his breath mist in the air . KI - woo ( v.0 . ) I do have a strong feel about where you might be . when he 's climb high enough , ki-woo plop down on a rock . he remove a large telescope from he bag . KI - woo ( v.0 . ) so when the season change and the news slowed down -- and when the detective finally stop trail we -- I start climb the mountain . 141 133. telescope Pov -- we see the magnify view of the Park mansion and the garden . KI - woo ( v.0 . ) you can see the house pretty well from there . through the live room window , we see a family laugh and talk . not the Parks . a caucasian family . from the image of the happy foreign family , dissolve to -- ki- woo shiver in the cold , still look through the telescope . it 's dark now . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) I do not know why , but that day I just feel like stay longer . telescope Pov -- the family member have go to they room to sleep , and the live room be empty . there 's no movement until -- the ' motion - sensor 's light in the entrance start blink . it blink at varied interval . Long then short . short then long . we see ki-woo 's eye grow wide through the telescope lens . he study the timing of the blink , which do not seem completely random . there 's a pattern . could it be morse code ? ki-woo start recording into he cell phone -- KI - woo dash . dot. dash -dash -- wind howl as ki-woo continue to rattle off dot and dash with a tremble voice . int . subway car - moving - night 141 ki-woo be on the last train of the night , listen to the recording he make earlier through he earphone . he use a permanent marker to transcribe the dot and dash on a paper prescription bag . when he run out of room , he write on he flyer . when he run out of room there , he start write on he jeans . the woman sit next to he look at he like he 's a crazy person . 142 143 134 . ki-woo open a morse code chart on he cell phone . he stop the playback . he start decipher the code . dot and dash soon become word -- '' dear Son ... '' int . mansion - secret room - night 142 and the word turn into ki- tek 's voice - over -- KI -tek ( v.0 . ) dear Son . perhaps you , if no one else , will be able to read this letter -- we see ki- tek sit at a desk in the dark chamber . on the desk be a densely write letter , which he 's translate into morse code . he consult a fade morse code chart that kun - sae put up above the desk . ki-tek ( v.0 . ) you be a Boy scout so I be hope this will somehow reach you . ki- tek look thin and have grow a full beard . he write thoughtfully one word at a time . ki-tek ( v.0 . ) how be you health ? you mother I be not too worried about . I be sure she 's healthy as a ox . ( then ) I be do well too . although I cry often when I think of ki-jung . ext . mansion - garden - day ( KI - tek' flashback ) 143 image from the fateful day appear in flash -- blood spurting from ki-jung * * 's chest ... kun - sae 's face cover in cake and blood ... the axe silently come down on Dong - ik 's shoulder ... ki- tek 's hand grip the bloody axe ... ki-tek ( v.0 . ) I still can not believe what happen that day . it almost feel like a dream . then we switch to ki- tek 's run Pov **... people scream , run away ... the gate approach ahead ... KI -tek ( v.0 . ) I know , as soon as I run out of that gate , where I have to go . 144 145 146 147 135 . ext . mansion - gate - day ( KI - tek' flashback ) 144 slow motion of ki- tek run down the stair in front of the gate . he see -- the front of a mini cooper jutting out of the half - open garage . they be able to squeeze the car in but not able to fully close the door . ki- tek duck through the open and enter the garage . a few Party guest roam the street in panic , but they be too stricken with terror to notice . only the nonfunctional surveillance camera look down at ki- tek as he slip through the door . int . mansion - live room - day ( KI - tek' flashback ) 145 ki- tek poke he head out from the garage stair and look inside the live room . it 's empty . through the window he see terrify Party guest stampede toward the sound of the ambulance . holding he shoe in he hand , ki- tek quickly cross to the kitchen and rush down to the storage basement . int . mansion - storage basement - day ( KI - tek 's 146 flashback ) KI -tek ( v.0 . ) even in the complete madness , I have the foresight to grab some water and food -- ki- tek pick up a box of canned tuna and a box of evian . he take care to avoid the blood and plum extract on the floor as he walk across the basement . he push the jar cabinet to the side and open the steel door behind it . he step inside and close the door . as he turn the crank handle and seal himself inside the darkness -- fade to black . int . mansion - various - night 147 when we fade back in , we see a emptied - out mansion light only by moonlight . the Parks have move out . 148 149 136 . KI - tek ( v.0 . ) I realize only later that a house with such a morbid history would not be appeal to potential buyer . I would have to stay in a empty house for a long time . we go from room to room until we arrive in the -- secret room ki- tek pick at a can of tuna use kun - sae 's fork . he eat one tiny piece at a time , conserve what limited food he have . all the while he stare across the room where , in the darkness mun-kwang be curl up next to the toilet . ext . mansion - garden - night 148 KI - tek ( v.0 . ) one good thing about be alone be that I be finally able to give she a proper funeral . mun-kwang 's hefty body be throw into a dirt hole . we see ki- tek panting at the mouth of the hole , exhaust from move she all the way from the basement . the hole be dig in front of a large tree . one scoop at a time , dirt be scattered over mun-kwang 's face . ki- tek stop shoveling and take a break . he lean on the tree and look up at the star twinkle above . KI - tek ( v.0 . ) Tree burial be all the rage this day , so I guess no one can say I do not give she a proper farewell . int . mansion - secret room - day 149 ki- tek be sit with he eye close in front of Dong - ik 's picture that kun - sae put up on the wall . head bow . penitent . a bit comical , but he do not care . he continue to solemnly pay he respects when -- he hear a faint sound come from above . he walk up the stair and put he ear on the steel door . 150 137 . he hear lively chatter on the other side . someone 's come to see the house . they speak german . ki-tek ( v.0 . ) the real estate agent be smarter than I think . they somehow manage to sell the house to a family that just move to Korea . int . mansion - kitchen - early morning 150 it 's dark , and everyone be still asleep . except ki-taek , who walk up to the kitchen and quietly crawl over to the refrigerator . he see a family portrait hang on the kitchen wall . a german family of four , white tooth shine brightly through they broad smile . there be more picture on the refrigerator . one picture show a filipino maid with she arm around the family 's kid . ki-tek ( v.0 . ) the parent both work , and the kid be at school most of the day , which should have make they ideal housemate for I . but unfortunately they have a live - in may , and I risk my life every night for the tiny window of opportunity I have to venture outside . ki- tek carefully open the fridge , and a cool shaft of light hit he face . Inside we see -- tofu , sausage , Korean gochuja paste , japanese natto bean ... KI -tek ( v.0 . ) luckily , Germans do not only eat german food . I think I would have to eat sausage and beer for the rest of my life . ki- tek take a little of each food and put they in kun - sae 's old plastic container when , through he peripheral vision , he see -- something move in the garden ! ki- tek nearly jump out of he skin . he quickly turn only to realize -- 151 152 153 138. it be he own reflection in the live room window . he stare at the pale ghost for a long moment . int . mansion - secret room 151 -- ki- tek eat tofu in the dark corner . above the long beard , we see he dull , soulless eye . ki-tek ( v.0 . ) when you be in here , you lose you sense of reality . -- ki- tek lie motionless on kun - sae 's cot . his breathe be so faint that we almost can not tell he 's alive . ki-tek ( v.0 . ) but today be a good day . I write this letter to you . -- ki- tek get up and walk over to the light switch . look at he morse-code - covert letter , he start turn the switch on and off . as he send he code message to the outside world , we very slowly -- fade to black . KI - tek ( v.0 . ) take care , son. ext . KI - woo 's neighborhood - alley - early morning 152 ki-woo run as fast as he can through the alley , chest burst with excitement . his breath create a trail of mist as he pass the light of nearby semi-basement apartment . int . semi - basement - live room - early morning 153 a out -of - breath ki-woo run into the apartment and immediately pick up a use piece of paper . he do not even bother to take he coat off . he sit at the kitchen table and start write furiously . as camera track in on he quickly move hand -- begin sentimental music . 154 155 156 157 158 139 . int . semi - basement - early morning 154 we move in on ki-woo 's sleep face . he look happy . tightly hold in he hand be the letter he just write . his eyelid flutter lightly . he must be dream . we hear KI - woo 's voice read the letter -- KI -wwoo ( v.0 . ) Father . today I make a plan . ext . stream - day 155 we witness the moment when the viewing stone be first discover . a pair of hand pick up the rock from a beautiful , pristine stream . KI - woo ( v.0 . ) a long-term plan . ext . rich neighborhood - day 156 ki- woo walk up the hill of the wealthy neighborhood . he 's older . dress in a nice suit and tie . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) I be go to make a lot of money . ext . mansion gate - day 157 ki- woo be at the mansion . the one that at different point belong to the Parks , the german family , and namgoong hyunja . he walk up to the gate with a few real estate agent . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) first I 'il need to go to college . then i’1l get a job and get marry . but ultimately , I want to get rich . ext . mansion - garden - day 158 -- a female real estate agent show ki-woo the garden . ki- woo stand in the sunlight and look up at the majestic tree . ki- woo ( v.0 . ) and when I get rich , I will buy this house . 159 140 . -- as professional mover carry box into the house , two people step into the live room -- ki-woo and chung -sook . outside the window , we see a woman and a girl -- ki-woo 's wife and daughter ? -- play in the garden . ki-wwoo ( v.0 . ) we will pick a sunny day to move in . -- everything have be unpack and put in place . the mover leave , and only ki-woo and he family remain . they be enjoy the sun at the patio table . ki- woo turn toward the house . KI - woo ( v.o . ) then all you have to do be walk up the stair . he 's look at the kitchen . late afternoon ray lean into it at a low angle . we hear footstep come from the basement stair . camera move in , and we see a faint glimpse of someone come up the stair . ki- tek ? KI - woo come out , dad . then at last -- ki- tek walk out into the bright garden . bucket of sunlight wash away year of darkness . he hug he family . a emotional reunion . as sentimental music swell into a climax -- smash to : ext . hill - late evening 159 cold . windy . the sun be drop fast . ki- woo be on the mountain again look through the telescope . he put it down and look into the distance . KI - wooo ( v.0 . ) but I have a problem , Father -- I have no idea how to get this letter to you . 141 . we see the Park mansion far away . surrounded by countless other mansion . light turn on and off across the neighborhood . it 's as if the house be try to talk to we . ki-woo 's nose be bright red from the cold . his eye brim with tear . sharp wind cut up he breath as soon as it mist in the air . as the wind continue to howl -- fade to black . over black -- music play . Bright , but with a undertone of hopelessness . the end neonratedawards.com