( name of Project ) by ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number cold OPEN ext . dairy farm -- day a small , one - man operation . there 's a house , a few outbuilding , corral and a barn . title : ventura county 45 mile from los angele angle on jim Crowley , a hard - work dairy farmer , 50' , dress in coverall . he 's open a gate . dairy cow come plodd through and head straight towards the milk barn . they know the routine . jim Morning , Girls . let 's move along now , sun 's be up for a hour . Jim move off and do not see the last cow . her name be delila and she look like all the rest , except she 's walk backwards . int . milking barn -- same day Jim make he round , move past the cow in they stall , a quaint wooden sign over each : sweet sue , ol 's bess , maggie may , etc . the cow be face away from we , udder attach by clear plastic hose to a complicated milk apparatus . we can hear the automated pump shushing rhythmically , see the milk coursing through the hose . Jim reach delila . she 's completely still , she milk stutter through the hose . jim you okay , delila ? suddenly , delila turn she head , look at he , a malevolent glint in she eye . she growls . ext . dairy farm -- moment later Jim 's wife , ellen , hang clothes on a clothesline . she hear Jim yell , then see he stumbling out of the barn , scared cow run past he . ellen oh my heaven ! ext . milking barn -- that night Jim and ellen have the door open a bit and they be peek in . we hear delila 's rabid bellowing intermixe with crashing and clanging . apparently , she 's wreck the place . jim well it 's not anthrax or hoof and mouth . I have never see anything like this in 35 year of dairy farming . ellen want to say something , be too afraid . jim what ? ellen this be not natural , Jim . jim not natural ? what 's that suppose to mean ? ellen look at she eye . angle on delila , panting , glaring at they , eye like molten orb , a burgeon , unnatural fury inside she . ellen I have only see that look one other time . remember my cousin , thalia ? jim aww ellen -- ellen thalia be possess , Jim . a demon take hold of that poor woman 's body and drive she right out of she mind ! jim cow 's do not get possess , ellen . they be cow . they hear a bellow that 's more like a scream . delila be gallop right at they , she face distort into a snarl , ear back , tooth bare like a dog . in a panic , they slam the door shut as delila ram into it , splintering the wood . Jim look at ellen , realize she may be right . jim my God ... end cold OPEN act_1 int . camry -- day josh keeling at the wheel , drink a chocolate milk with a straw . he 's mid - 30 ' 's , casually dress , attractive , a regular guy . Music begin , the talk head sing the arrestingly weird , '' once in a Lifetime '' over ... a montage josh drive through a typical LA suburb , intercut with scene of ordinary people do ordinary thing ; walk they dog , play tennis , have coffee at Starbucks , talk on they cell . the scene be so ordinary they be almost surreal . josh ( v.0 . ) somebody once say , the only normal people be the one you do not know very well , and how many people do you know that well ? I mean really . you family , you friend , the people you see everyday ? oh sure , they look normal , but believe I when I tell you , normal can disguise the weirdest stuff you can imagine . the montage end . ext . pci -- same day a small , nondescript commercial building , '' paranormal consultant Inc '' stencile discreetly on the door . collin ( v.0o . ) I believe all paranormal mystery have a scientific explanation ... int . pci -- continuous a combination office / lab. collin clark in the lab area . 20' , white , geeky , chip on he shoulder . he 's repair a homemade device call the m- pac . it look like a cross between a assault pistol and a ionic blow dryer . collin ».- and technology will be the key to unlock they . angle on athena ortiz ; latina , 20 's , street edge , hot but not on purpose . she 's at the reception desk read a book . athena some thing will always be mystery , collin . ( more ) athena ( cont would ) the most you can do be harness they energy and use they for good . collin ( scoff ) be that like the witch 's hippocratic oath ? athena I be a bruja . collin my mistake . a bruja . athena run in the family . my grandmother 's a bruja too . in the barrio she 's famous . collin oh really ? athena yes , really . I have see she do amazing thing and she do not need any technology make from stuff you can get at Radio shack . stung , collin start to retort but josh enter with a bag of donut . josh good morning . athena Morning , josh . josh ( off the bag ) Apple fritter ? athena maybe some other time , like when I be skinny and have a dental plan . ( then ) message . a Mr. markett call . he think he wife be a victim of spontaneous combustion and he have like you to investigate and the New Age Society want you to submit a paper on the taos hum phenomenon . josh screen Mr. markett , see if he really have a wife and I do not have time to submit a paper . athena we also have that consultation with Jim crowley , the dairy farmer ? we should leave soon . josh cross to collin . josh Apple fritter ? collin the new girl be not work out . josh I think she 's do great . collin she claim to be a witch , a bruja no less . josh I know , collin , and could we keep a open mind ? New angle . the phone ring , Athena answer . athena pci . ( then ) josh , it 's Barbara . josh I will take it in my office . int . josh 's office / pci -- same a cramped jumble of file , tape , book , map and photo , josh pick up the phone . josh hello ? barbara ( v.o. ) Colonial , God , that 's so eighty .. be that olive ? no , it 's more like a moss ... josh honey ? what be we talk about ? intercut int . kitchen / josh 's house -- continuous barbara , josh 's wife ; 30' , attractive , suburban prim . she 's look out of the window , watch the house next door . a delivery truck be in the driveway , workmen tote a new live room set ( the subject of she comment ) into the house . ted stroud and he wife , lasandra , supervise . they be attractive , black , 30' . barbara Ted and lasandra , we new neighbor ? I invite they over for lunch tomorrow . they seem nice enough . Barbara wave at the stroud , they wave back . as the dialogue continue barb take dish out of the dishwasher and wipe off spot only she can see . josh be that why you call ? barbara I just get off the phone with the vice principal . danni skip school . josh she do ? barbara it 's the new boyfriend . Cal . he 's take advantage of she . Athena appear in josh 's doorway , gesture , let 's go . josh I have get to go . we will talk about it later . they hang up but we stay with Barbara _in the kitchen . enter . 7 year old , a smart kid try to figure out world work . adam I finish clean my room , Mom . barbara really ? why do not we have a look ? int . adam' room / josh 's house -- moment later the room be very clean but Barbara be inspect with scrutiny of a Marine sergeant , Adam watch , tense . barbara good job , Adam . ( then ) do not you just feel better when everything be the way it 's suppose to be ? adam sure . I guess . adam how the the Barbara notice the bookshelf . barbara Adam , do not we say you would alphabetize you book ? adam I do not think so . a minute later Barbara and Adam examine a 20 page , handwritten contract title '' my contract with mom by adam keeling '' . barbara here , section B , item 7a. ( read ) '' I will put my book away in alphabetical order . '' adam but they look neat and everything . barbara you agree to the contract , Adam . see ? there 's you signature . adam but you say I have to sign it or I would not get my allowance . barbara give and take , sweetheart . we negotiate . on Adam , confuse . int . camry -- same day rural road . josh drive , Athena riding shotgun . through the rear window , we can see collin follow they in a panel van . josh ( v.0 . ) I be not sure if Athena 's a bruja or not but I like what she say in she interview . int . ( flashback ) josh' office / pci -- day Athena interview with josh . athena my whole life I know I be special but I do not know how or why . ext . ( flashback ) STREET -- night the barrio . Athena hang with she rowdy home girl , drink and laugh . athena ( v.o. ) and I be cool with that . lot of people be ordinary , right ? int . ( flashback ) live room / grandmother 's house -- day Athena 's grandmother , grip Athena by the shoulder , implore she , impassion , she eye ablaze . athena ( v.o . ) but one day my grandmother call I over to she house and tell I that I be a bruja like she and that if I do not nurture my gift I would lose it . int . ( flashback ) josh' office -- day josh and Athena , the interview continue . athena she say other people could waste they time but I do not have the right . ( beat ) I have a call . resume scene josh and Athena still drive . athena I be surprised this dairy farmer do not just put the cow down . josh he could have , but what if the rest of he herd have the same problem ? athena so he call a paranormal consultant before he call a vet ? josh a vet might report the cow 's symptom to the Department of Agriculture . they could quarantine he farm . athena rock and a hard place . josh like a lot of we client . they have a problem they can not go public with so they go online , look for help . eventually they find we . athena speak of somebody who need help , what 's up with collin ? int . pci van -- continuous collin drive , brood . josh ( v.0 . ) collin be a grad student in physics , top of he class . int . ( flashback ) dorm room -- night a manic collin work at he laptop , surround by stack of textbooks , complicated chart and diagram . josh ( v.o . ) he write he thesis on a variation of the big bang theory that include a race of cybernetic alien . int . ( flashback ) office / university -- day collin yell at he professor , then rip a page out of he thesis and eat it . josh ( v.0 . ) when he professor demand revision , collin refuse , say he have eat he thesis before he change a word of it . resume scene josh he be boot out of school , humiliate for a guy like he . ( beat ) he 's get something to prove . up ahead , they can see the dairy farm . Jim and ellen wave . josh I think we be here . ext . dairy farm -- minute later josh , Athena and collin meeting Jim and ellen . 10 . jim Mr. keeling ? I be Jim crowley and this be my wife , ellen . josh please call I josh . this be my associate , Athena Ortiz and collin Clark . everybody shake hand . we hear delila bellow . jim that 's delila . josh we need to take a look at she . ellen notice collin adjust the m-pac . ellen you be not go to kill she , be you ? collin oh no , mar ’am . this be a m- pac device . multi-purpose attack and Control . it 's charge with a non - lethal pulse of super - compress argon gas . josh actually , I think we have let Athena take the lead . collin be put-out . Athena react , who I ? int . milking barn -- same day the barn be a mess and full of shadow . josh and Athena enter . they can hear delila 's heavy breathing come from somewhere in the darkness . warily , they creep forward . athena josh , I have a confession to make . josh now ? athena I be a little worried about the bruja thing . I mean I have watch my grandmother a lot but I have never actually do stuff on my own . we hear a threaten huff . delila step into view . her condition have worsen , she look truly berserk . 11 . josh I think you better get start . athena I will try a incantation from El salmo de Los muertos . it 's suppose to have a calming effect on animal . Athena hold she hand out , palm up , intone in Spanish : athena este en la paz apacible tranquilo , ningin dafio vendra a usted , esté en la paz con mis y curaré su dolor . deje la energia de mis terraplén del coraz6n usted con amor y deje el -- suddenly , delila let out a roaring bellow . athena I do not think this be work . delila paw the ground and charge . athena josh ? josh seem unconcern , delila building speed . athena josh ?! josh anytime , collin . collin appear with the m-pac and fire . a invisible pulse warp the air , hit delila and stop she cold . she stagger . angle on josh , Athena and collin as we hear delila slump to the ground . collin look at Athena , smug . collin Radio shack . there be no substitute . a little later josh examine the unconscious delila , Athena take picture with a digital camera , Jim and ellen watch . josh she 's get no obvious contusion or laceration , no blood anywhere . josh use a mini-lite to check delila 's eye . 12 . jim if you do not mind my ask , how do a fella get into a field like this ? josh start early . I be that kid . ( off delila ) her pupil be dilate but she 's not aphasic . jim that kid ? int . ( flashback ) young josh 's room / apartment -- evening a chemistry set , model of spaceship hang on wire , terrarium full of lizard and spider , a poster of Stephen King loom over everything . young josh , 10 year old , read a comic book with great concentration , stack of they nearby , a pet snake slithering up he arm . josh ( v.0 . ) you know , the loner , the oddball , the one everybody call '' weirdo '' ? resume scene josh check delila 's nose and ear . josh I be a curious kid too , almost to the point of stupidity . ( off delila ) ear be clean , no discharge or ectoplastic residue . ext . ( flashback ) coal mine -- dusk Young josh crawl out of a old coal mine , blacken with soot , sputtering , bat fly past he . josh ( v.0 . ) if somebody say Big Foot be live in the old abandon mine ? I would crawl in there and take a look . resume scene josh put a thermometer in delila 's mouth . josh when I be ten year old I even campe out in the cemetery on Halloween night . I want to see a ghost . jim how do you folk feel about that ? 13. int . young josh' room / apartment -- same evening josh still read he comic book . josh ( v.0 . ) my Mom raise I by herself and she work night . josh 's mom , rachel enter . attractive and warm , early thirty , nurse uniform . she 's put on she coat . rachel be you sure you do not want to go trick or treat ? young josh I be sure . resume scene josh she never know and I never tell she . josh check delila 's thermometer . josh low grade fever , she tongue be discolor too . i’1ll need a blood sample . jim and do you ? see a ghost ? collin ( 0.8 ) josh , over here ! josh ( v.0 . ) I see a lot of thing that night moment later everyone gather around collin , kneel in the wreckage of delila 's stall , a mound of manure in front of he . he shine a UV light on the manure illuminate hundred of tiny worm . collin worm . jim cow get worm all the time and they do not act like delila . collin I find this in delila 's stall and nowhere else . 14 . josh I want they collect , collin . every single one . delila stir , groan . josh she 's go to wake up pretty soon . can we put she someplace secure ? jim I have get a breeding corral . we could roll she on to a tarp , drag she in there with the tractor . ext . milking barn -- same day the group come out . jim do you think she 's possess ? josh she 's show some of the sign ; anomalous aggression , preternatural strength -- but the worm , I be not sure how they fit in . ( then ) you have get to stop sell milk . jim okay , but I can not do it forever . I have get a small operation here . josh we will work as fast as we can and I will call you as soon as we know something . Jim and ellen move off . collin I will do a blood panel and full work - up on the worm . athena how come delila be the only one that get they ? josh gut feel ? she be deliberately infect . ( to collin ) make up a separate worm sample for I . I will get start at home , see if I can identify they . 15 . athena you sure you want to take that thing into you house ? collin ( patronize ) worm be cold - blooded . on ice they will be inert . int . camry -- that evening josh drive , a little red cooler on the seat beside he . josh ( v.0 . ) spend Halloween night at the cemetery be one of that thing , it seem like a good idea at the time . int . ( flashback ) live room / apartment -- night Young josh see Rachel to the door . rachel you can still change you mind . Mrs. webberly will take you trick or treat with she kid . young josh no thanks . i’1ll be okay . resume scene josh ( v.0 . ) I will always wonder how my life would have be different if I would go trick or treat with Mrs. webberly . josh arrive at he house , turn in the driveway . int . live room / stroud house -- continuous angle on a shoulder holster with a gun it , hang over a chair , a lapd detective 's gold shield clipped to the holster . ted ( 0.s. ) I have a conversation with Bob fletcher , insurance guy , life three house down ? New angle : lasandra move she new sofa . Ted at the window , watch josh get out of the car . 16 . ted he tell I josh call himself a paranormal consultant . whatever that be . lasandra really ? his wife tell I he be a scientist . ( beat ) be you go to help I move this sofa ? ted ( help she ) I work a long time so I could afford this house , so I could get away from noise and pollution and the traffic and most of all ? the nutcase . lasandra Ted -- ted so here I be , in my dream house , mortgage to the hilt and who be my next door neighbor ? a nutcase ! lasandra you do not know that , Ted . you do not know that at all . now we be go over there for lunch tomorrow and you be go to behave yourself , you understand ? int . kitchen / josh 's house -- moment later josh cross , put the red cooler in the fridge . josh ( v.0 . ) you would think it would be a problem , come home after a day at work , make the transition from the strange and supernatural to the mundane routine of normal life . Adam appear . adam Mom and I have a disagreement over certain imply term and exclusionary clause . you may be ask to mediate . josh ( v.o ) actually , I have trouble tell the difference . int . dine room / josh' house -- same night josh , Barbara and Adam have dinner . barbara we have a clean slate with Ted and lasandra and I would like to keep it that way . as far as they be concerned we be a perfectly normal family . josh you mean we be not ? barbara nobody else in the neighborhood seem to think so . josh if you would just let I talk about my work it would not be such a big mystery . barbara there 's only so much people can accept , josh . it 's one thing to say you believe in ufo 's , it 's another thing to say you have be on one . danni enter . 16 year old , slovenly , not quite cute , poster child for low self - esteem . josh hey , kiddo . danni hey . danni sit down , start eat . Barbara shoot a look josh , then : josh you skip school , danni ? danni everybody skip school , dad . it 's like , what you do ? adam do not you contract stipulate penalty ? danni do not tell I you sign that stupid thing . 17 . a at they hear 18 . barbara ( to josh ) Cal make she skip school . danni Cal do not make I do anything . adam ( to danni ) Mom say I have to sign it or I would not get my allowance . barbara we negotiate , sweetheart . it be give and take . josh so why have you skip , danni ? danni Cal 's band be rehearse and he need I to like , do stuff . barbara he treat you like a may servant . danni he do not ! barbara ( to josh ) she clean he house , which by the way , be down by the landfill . danni okay , Mom , we get it . you hate my boyfriend , just like you hate everything else about I . barbara ( hurt ) danni ! a car roar up to the house , the horn honk . danni that 's Cal . I have to go . josh I think I need to talk to he . danni groan . ext . josh' house -- same josh and danni come out of the house , cross to the driveway . 19 . danni ( whisper ) he 's the first cool boyfriend I have ever have . do not embarrass I ! josh ( v.0 . ) do not embarrass she , like I be the freak here . they approach a trick - out acura , a guy name cal in the driver 's seat . 18 , unshaven , unwash , tat , think a lot of himself . danni get in . josh move up to the driver 's window . josh hey , Cal , how be you ? Cal shrug , too cool . josh listen , we be a little concerned about danni skip school . Cal revs the engine , drown out josh 's voice . josh it 's really important that she keep up she attendance -- Cal keep revving the engine , josh try to talk over it until finally : danni we gotta go , dad ! Cal give josh a fuck - you sneer and peel out of the driveway . josh watch after the car , confound . josh ( v.o ) people ask I all the time . have the alien land ? be they live among we disguise as human being ? ( beat ) yes , they be . int . bedroom / josh' house -- that night josh in bed . Barbara at the dress table , moisturize . barbara what be we go to do ? we can not let she keep see he . josh telling she not to will only make it worse . 20 . barbara you mean we can not do anything ? we have no control at all ? josh speak of control , do not you think you contract with Adam be a little much ? barbara no , he need clear - cut boundary . josh and what happen when you be not around to threaten he with lawsuit ? Barbara get into bed . barbara that be exactly you attitude with danni . just let she do whatever she want . never mind that she do not care about she appearance or she grade or ... herself . she put she head on josh 's chest , sigh a parent 's sigh . barbara how do that happen ? josh I do not know . josh kiss she , then turn out the light . josh v.o . it 's human nature to try and control you life and the people you love . the mistake be think you have any in the first place . we hold here in the darkness . faintly at first , we hear a odd crunching SOUND . the camera move off josh and Barbara , follow the sound out of the bedroom and through the house , the crunching get louder and louder . now we be in the kitchen head towards the fridge , push through the door to the little red cooler , then into the cooler itself to a clear plastic petri dish , nestle in ice , some worm inside . SNAP zoom -- the worm they be eat through the plastic . end act 1 act 2 21 . ext . dairy farm -- day delila in small metal corral . she 's bellow angrily , ramming the gate with she head . Jim and ellen watch . ellen she 's get worse , Jim . jim what the hell be that pci people do ?! int . study / josh ’'s house -- same day josh on the phone with collin . on he computer screen be a photo of a worm that look just like delila 's worm . josh delila 's worm be just you run - of - the-mill coccidia . no reason they should be cause anything worse than a stomachache . intercut int . pci -- continuous collin on the speakerphone with josh . collin we have get a bigger problem . Jim crowley call . delila be deteriorate fast . josh how do she blood panel come back ? collin negative . it 's not a infection , drug or toxicity . josh which lead we back to the worm . collin ( grudge ) Athena have a theory . Athena appear alongside collin . she have a large , antique book ; the leather cover crumble , page yellow with age . athena I have a chat with my grandmother , josh . ( more ) 22 . athena ( cont would ) she say the worm remind she of something she hear about , something to do with a indian tribe call the michaguas . I find they in one of she book . as Athena continue we flash to primitive drawing in the book appropriate to she narration . athena the michaguas live in Peru about the time Columbus sail for America . they use insect in they religious ceremony ; hornet , scorpion , army ant -- and worm . josh interesting . athena the high priest extract the worm from the stomach of they most ferocious bull and then perform a blood rite , basically , black magic , which transformed the worm into pequefio demonio , or little demon . collin oh please -- athena the worm be feed to the dairy cattle and then they milk be give to the tribe 's warrior just before a big battle . it make they super-aggressive . josh and delila be act like a super - aggressive bull . ( then ) what happen to the dairy cattle ? athena the worm make they so crazy the priest eventually have to kill they . josh do not bode well for delila . collin okay , let 's suppose delila 's worm be somehow related to you ferocious - bull - black - magic - demon - worm . how do that help we ? Jim say he might have to put delila down . 23 . josh that 's a point . ( beat ) so let 's skip the diagnostics for now and find a way to kill the worm . try commercial de-wormer first . collin I be on it . they hang up . we stay with josh , think ... ext . ( flashback ) live room / apartment -- same evening Young josh look out of the window . below , he can see Rachel emerge from the building , cluster of kide in Halloween costume move past she . she stop , look up at he and wave . he wave back . josh ( v.0 . ) I will always remember my Mom 's face that night . in a way , it be the last time I have see it . ext . ( flashback ) apartment build -- a minute later Young josh come out of the building wear he backpack . he look to see that Rachel be really go , then run off in the other direction . int . kitchen / josh' house -- same day back to the present . Barbara arrange potato chip on a platter in a precise pattern , Adam bring a bowl of creamy sour cream dip out of the fridge . we catch a glimpse of the red cooler . barbara I will tell you what , if you help I serve snack to Ted and lasandra ? we will forego 14b and 14c and use the ad-interim clause to credit you with compliance . adam I accept . Barbara take the bowl of dip from Adam and set it in the center of the platter . barbara there , that 's perfect . we hear Cal 's acura roar up to the house and then the horn honk . Barbara stiffen , can not stand that sound . 24 . int . hallway / josh 's house -- continuous danni come out of she room , respond to the horn . as she start down the hall , josh come out of the study . they stop , look at each other , josh perplex , danni defensive . josh you could do so much better , danni . danni actually , dad , I can not . josh you Mom be right about he . he 's a jerk . danni Mom do not care . she just do not want I to embarrass she . josh that 's not true at all . the phone in josh 's study ring . josh I have to get that . danni so get it . she walk past he and exit . ext . josh be house -- same day Cal sit in the acura , honking the horn . a hand reach into frame and take the key out of the ignition . New angle : Barbara , stand at the driver 's side window , key in hand . Cal sneer . cal what 's up , barb ? barbara call I Mrs. keeling and if you be go to pick up my daughter the least you could do be knock on the door . cal I be not really into knock . barbara and from now on you will not bring danni home after she curfew and you will not make she skip school . 25 . cal yeah , well , here 's the thing , barb . ( beat ) danni 's 's my bitch now and there 's nothing you can do about it . Barbara 's jaw drop . Cal take he key back as danni get in the car . danni let 's go already . Cal cackle and peel out of the driveway . int . kitchen / josh 's house -- moment later Barbara enter , furious , beside herself . barbara danni 's my bitch ?! danni 's my bitch ?!! she try to calm down but can not . impulsively , she grab a chip off the perfect platter , take a big scoop of sour cream dip and shove it in she mouth . int . pci -- same day collin work with chemical , mutter to himself . athena ( 0.s. ) collin ? angle on Athena look into the industrial fridge . she hold up two empty petri dish , tiny hole chew through they . athena what happen to the worm ? int . study / josh ’'s house -- same day josh on the phone . josh what do you mean the worm escape ? intercut int . pci -- continuous collin and Athena on the speakerphone with josh . collin I mean they chew through the polystyrene petri dish . flashback -- a series of shot 26 . we be inside the industrial fridge , the worm squiggling out of hole they have make in the petri dish . they crawl on to the fridge rack ... collin ( v.0o . ) they reaction to the cold be to seek a warmer temperature but once they escape the dish they still have to get out of the fridge . the worm travel along the bar of the rack . they be so tiny the distance from they perspective be enormous . josh ( v.o. ) Long way to go if you be a worm . collin ( v.0o . ) exactly . and that 's why they decide to generate they own heat . josh ( v.o. ) how ? collin ( v.0o . ) sex , of course . but they need the proper environment , the chemical equivalent of soft lighting and a luther vandross CD . ».- the worm stop , raise they head , look around ... collin ( v.0o . ) in they case it be free glucose , acid triglyceride , casein protein , lactose and -- josh ( v.0 . ) collin -- resume collin and athena look into the open industrial fridge . a carton of cottage cheese , a BOX of yogurt and a quart of milk be all bubbling over with froth and worm . collin anything make with milk . Cottage cheese , yogurt , ice cream . athena josh , do not you take some worm home with you ? and be not they in petri dish ? resume josh 27 . josh yeah , but the dish be in a cooler . ( realize ) also make of polystyrene . just then , josh catch a momentary glimpse of Barbara crossing the hall . she 's walk backwards . josh I will call you back . int . kitchen / josh 's house -- moment later josh rush in , start to open the fridge but see the platter of chip on the counter , chip miss , scoop mark in the sour cream dip . he take a closer look . the dip be move . josh oh no ! the doorbell ring . ext . josh' house -- a moment later . Ted and lasandra be there , Ted with a bottle of wine . lasandra remember , behave yourself . ted it 's not I you need to worry about . the door open , josh frazzle but cover . josh Ted ! lasandra ! Nice to see you ! what 's go on ? lasandra Barbara invite we for lunch ? josh ( beat ) right , yes , lunch ! ( then ) why do not you guy go on in the live room and make yourselves comfortable . in 1ll see what 's keep barb . int . bedroom / josh 's house -- moment later josh enter , see Barbara , sit at the dress table in she slip . she 's unnervingly still . 28 . josh honey ? ( mo response ) honey , be you okay ? josh move closer , see Barbara 's reflection in the mirror , a blank , bovine expression on she face . she 's look at she makeup item like she 's never see they before . barbara have to .. get ready ... josh why do not you just stay put for now ? I ' will be back in a second . int . live room / josh 's house -- same day Adam be serve the platter of chip and dip to Ted and lasandra . adam help yourself . it 's Mom 's famous onion sour cream dip . ted why thank you , young man . do not mind if I do . Ted take a chip , start to scoop up some dip when the whole platter be snatch away ! New angle : josh with the platter . josh this be not for you ! I mean , this be not for anybody ... people I mean . this be , um , doggie treat . adam we have a dog ? josh I will get the real snack . adam when do we get a dog ? josh turn , stop short . Barbara stand in the doorway , dress on backwards , hair half - comb , make - up smear . josh barb ! honey ! gosh ! ~ted be she okay ? 29 . josh yeah , yeah , she 's fine . on josh , cover he alarm ... int . ( flashback ) wood -- same evening Young josh , apprehensive , follow a narrow trail . josh ( v.0 . ) I take a shortcut to the cemetery but it be still a long walk . Young josh come out of the tree and on to the crest of a hill . there 's a sweeping view of the cemetery ; row upon row of headstone , crypt and mausoleum . the sun be go down . josh ( v.0 . ) I be not scared . well , not a lot . I mean let 's suppose I see a ghost ? what be it go to do , eat I ? int . dine room / josh 's house -- same day back to the present . josh , barbra , lasandra and Ted have lunch , everyone try not to notice Barbara . she 's sniff she pasta salad . josh so how do you two meet ? ted on the job . I be a detective , lasandra 's a psychologist . I consult she on a case and it be love at first sight . lasandra ( teasing ) for he , anyway . ted she try to play it off but she be all over I . Barbara pick up she fork , sniff that too . josh ( cover ) be you guy plan a family ? lasandra that 's one of the reason we move here . seem like the ideal place . ted quiet , peaceful , the people be just ordinary folk . 30 . Barbara reach over to lasandra 's plate , take the parsley garnish , put it in she mouth , chew languidly . josh ( cover ) barb 's a vegetarian . love anything green . ted I be a meat man myself . yeah , gimme a big ol 's bloody hunk of beefsteak anytime . offended , Barbara look at he and bellow : barbara mooooo0000 !! ext . josh' house -- moment later Ted come storming out , lasandra follow . lasandra where be you go ?! ted I be go to get my badge and my gun and then I be go back in there and haul that two nutcase to jail ! she grab he , turn he around . lasandra stop it , Ted ! you can not arrest they for be nut -- you can not arrest they ! ted well I be not live next door to people that serve doggie treat , and make animal noise ! lasandra yes , I know , it be strange . ted do you see Barbara ? she have she dress on backwards ! that 's not strange , that 's crazy ! lasandra I think they be have some kind of family crisis . if we just give they some time to work through it I be sure they will be fine . 31 . ted well they better be fine . they better be damn fine ! ext . cal 's place -- same day a ramshackle two -story house . Cal and he band member sit on the porch , throw back beer . band member 1 if we be gonna party tonight we need booze money . band member 2 I be tapped out . cal I too . band member 3 what about you scrag ? angle on danni , in the yard , wash Cal 's car . cal I will find out . she 's gotta be good for something . int . kitchen / josh' house -- same day Adam frighten . through the pass -through he can see into the dining room and live room . Barbara be meander around , bellow and knock thing over , gradually lose she mind . ext . backyard / josh '’s house -- same day a frantic josh , talk on he cell with one hand and inexplicably mowing the lawn with the other . josh this be josh . Barbara eat some worm ! intercut int . pci -- continuous collin and Athena on the speaker phone with josh . collin Barbara do what ?! athena oh my God ! 32 . josh we need a de-wormer , collin . collin the commercial one do not work ! I have try they all . the worm do not even react ! josh then formulate one yourself . I be on my way . collin right ! they disconnect , we _stay with collin and Athena . collin start bustling around , gather chemical and mutter to himself . Athena think a bit , then grab she jacket and exit the office . resume josh take the grass catch bag off the lawn mower . he rush towards the house with it as Adam come out . adam dad ! what 's wrong with Mom ? josh she 's not feel well , Adam . josh hurry past Adam and into the house . int . den / josh '’s house -- same day Barbara lumber around , huffing and grunt and bang into thing . she stop , smell something , sniff loudly . we follow she follow she nose through various room and then into the hallway to a open door . she look inside . stair lead down to the basement . pile on the cement floor be a invite mound of freshly mown grass . Barbara huff approvingly . she descend the stair , and the door slam shut behind she ! int . hallway / josh 's house -- continuous josh have just shut the door , Adam look on . immediately , we hear Barbara try to get out but josh jam a hockey stick between the door and the opposite wall , wedge it close . adam you be lock Mom in the basement ? 33. josh just for a little while , until she feel better ! int . basement / josh 's house -- same day Barbara still try to get out . she hear voice , bound down the stair , cross to a narrow transom ( too narrow for escape ) that 's just above ground level . through it she can see josh and Adam come out of the house . ext . josh' house -- continuous josh move quickly to he car , Adam trail . adam what 's go on , dad ? josh it 's a long story , Adam . T will explain it to you later . adam where be you go ?! josh to the office . he stop , kneel , take Adam by the shoulder . josh now listen to I closely . do not go in the kitchen , do not eat anything , and whatever you do , do not let Mom out of the basement , do you understand ? adam but dad -- josh you be in charge while I be go , Adam . I be count on you . josh get in he car and drive away . on Adam , alone and afraid . ext . ( flashback ) hill overlooking cemetery -- night it 's dark now . Young josh drink a chocolate milk through a straw . finish , he put the empty carton into he backpack and survey the cemetery . it 's quiet and still . disappointed , he sigh , stand up , put on he backpack ... ».. and then a dark shape glide silently out of the tree nearby . 34 . Young josh freeze , watch the shape move through the air as effortlessly as a bird carry on the wind , swoop in circle around the cemetery and then descend , landing silently on the ground . it 's a witch , young , gaunt , flow robe , pierce eye . cu young josh stunne . end act 2 act 3 int . pci -- same day collin be conduct a experiment . the BOX of wormy cottage cheese we see before be enclose in a large aquarium . 35 . at either end of the aquarium be two electronic device that look like modify radar gun . a beam be shine from one device to the other , pass through the cottage cheese . both device be hum , indicator light flash . josh burst in , cross quickly to collin . josh where be we ?! collin I be try to kill the worm electromagnetically without hurt any cellular structure around it . josh so the cottage cheese be Barbara ? collin yes . the question be , will the worm die and leave bar -- the cottage cheese intact . collin turn dial and push button , the hum get louder , the light more intense , the worm squiggling . collin they be reacting ... the cottage cheese explode , cover the inside of the aquarium , muck shoot up to the ceiling . ext . dairy farm -- same day delila still ramming the gate on the breeding stall , weaken it , Jim and ellen watch , worried . ellen what happen if she get out of there , Jim ? they look at each other . int . live room / farmhouse -- moment later Jim enter , cross to a gun rack and find a deer rifle . int . pci -- same day josh and collin stare at the aquarium mess . collin I be sorry , josh . josh it 's okay . this be all my fault . 36 . Athena enter , excited . athena I have something ! Athena show they a small apothecary bottle . she open it , spill what look like a fine , uniform gravel into she hand . athena laccophilia hydrolatus . a parasitic beetle . they be dehydrated . collin dehydrate beetle ? athena the laccophilia live in the desert and during the dry time they burrow underground and basically hibernate . they can stay that way for year , and then when the rain come , they rehydrate and come back to life . josh where do you get they ? athena a herbalist in Chinatown . my grandmother 's boyfriend . collin I do not understand . athena the laccophilia will eat the worm . josh they do this in commercial agriculture . introduce one parasite to get rid of another . collin but if the laccophilia be inside a live body , will not they propagate ? wo not we just be replace the worm with laccophilia ? athena they have a short life cycle , a few hour , and this be just male . collin how can you tell ? 37 . athena because they be wear little jock strap -- that 's what the herbalist tell I ! collin but you say worm be demonize . wo not they be resistant to ordinary laccophilia ? athena they be demonize too . I , the herbalist and my grandmother do a little ritual on they . int . ( flashback ) herbalist shop -- day Athena , athena 's grandmother and a eldelry chinese herbalist perform a ritual over the apothecary bottle , make strange movement , chant in chinese and Spanish , incense burn . resume scene athena the herbalist be a heavy dude . collin be this something like what you do in the barn with delila ? athena could we just try it please ?! int . basement / josh 's house -- same day Barbara , growl as she try to shoulder down the door but it will not budge . defeat , she descend the step to the basement floor and snarl in frustration . then she hear something , footstep come from above . she track the sound with she eye . int . den / josh 's house -- continuous Adam crossing , plunk down in front of the tv . he watch for a bit , and then he hear Barbara , a unsettle bovine thrum in she voice . barbara ( 0.s. ) adammmm ....oh adammmmmmm ... on Adam , uh-oh ... int . pci -- same day Athena , josh and collin gather around a tall beaker of water . Athena add the dry laccophilia to the water . 38 . athena rehydrate the laccophilia ... the laccophilia drift down in the water , gradually come alive as they descend . they look like tiny tadpole . josh they be come to life ! Athena put some worm in the beaker . athena versus delila 's worm ... a series of shot the presence of the worm excite the laccophilia . they swirl around the worm and start savagely consume they . collin they be like piranhas . they be eat the worm alive ! josh but will the same thing happen inside a live body ? this be my wife we be talk about . collin yes , they could very well attack the tissue around they and eat Barbara 's stomach lining or chew through she intestine or -- ( off josh 's look ) sorry . josh we will have to test it on delila . athena you guy pack up . I will get the van . josh Athena ? ( she hesitates ) Nice work . Athena smile and rush out . the guy start gather the equipment they will need . collin stop , look at josh . collin be this why you hire a witch ? this kind of situation ? josh I hire she for a lot of reason . ext . ( flashback ) hillside overlooking cemetery -- same night 39 . Young josh , still watch the witch . she 's stand on a crypt , stare off into the night sky , wait . and now another witch come glide into view , landing near the first . then another come walk through the headstone , and then another sail into view ... and then another ... and then another ... a coven . int . den / josh '’s house -- same day back to the present . Adam have a pillow over he head . he 's try to shut out the sound of he mother 's voice . barbara ( 0.s. ) adammmm ?... aaaadammm .... mommy be call youuuuu .... int . pci van -- same day josh , collin and Athena , josh drive fast . his cell ring . he answer : josh hello ? jim ( v.o. ) it 's Jim . delila 's go to get out of the stall . I have get to shoot she ! josh no , do not shoot she ! intercut ext . dairy farm -- continuous Jim talk on he cell , watch delila ramming the stall gate , the hinge give way . jim I have get neighbor with kid ! if somebody get hurt -- josh if you shoot she we can not test the laccophilia ! jim test the what ? delila get she horn interlocked in the gate , give it a mighty shake . the hinge snap , the gate about to come off . jim she 's get out ! Jim drop he cell , grab the deer rifle ... 40 . on josh yell into he cell . josh do not shoot she ! do not shoot she ! from the cell he hear : bang ! bang ! josh oh no -- resume dairy farm ellen be drive the tractor towards the stall , the motor backfiring ( the bang ) as delila push the gate down , the tractor push it back in place and hold it there , delila hold in for now . elate , Jim wave he hat . jim yeee -ha ! that 's my girl ! ellen beam . Jim pick up he cell . jim we be okay . we do not shoot she . josh ( v.0 . ) thank , God ! int . upstair bedroom / cal 's place -- same day apre sex . danni on the raggedy futon , blanket pull up around she . Cal in he underwear , go through the pocket of she jeans . danni I do not have more money , Cal . I spend it on gas for you car ! cal we gotta buy booze for the party . frustrate , Cal throw she jeans at she . then : cal what about you parent ? danni what about they ? ext . dairy farm -- same day xcu -- hypodermic dart liquid fill , swim with laccophilia . 41 . New angle . collin load the dart into the m- pac ; josh , Athena , Jim and ellen look on . josh go ahead . collin aim at delila and fire . the dart whizze through the air and stick in she haunch . she bellow . jim now what ? josh we wait . ext . ( flashback ) cemetery -- same night Young josh watch the coven of Witches . there be about a dozen of they , in they 20 's and 30 's , not hideous - look but a witchly gleam in they eye . they be do a strange dance , circle around a crypt . one of they make some especially wild gyration , she face reveal in a shaft of moonlight . it 's Rachel , josh 's Mom . young josh Mom ! shock and terrify , Young josh stumble back , loosen some rock which roll down the hill . the witch react to the sound , stop they dance , alert . one of they see a indiscernible figure ( Young josh ) retreate into the treeline . she point , let out a ungodly screech . a series of shot the Witches chase Young josh through the dark wood , howling and caterwaul . as the sequence conclude , Young josh arrive at the edge of a swamp . he look back , can see the Witches come . he think a moment , then pick up a rock and throw it , skip it across the water . moment later the Witches arrive at the edge of the swamp . they can see the ripples in the water leave by the skip rock . they move off in that direction but Rachel remain , look around , sense something . pan down , we can see josh underwater , face up , pinching he nose and breathe via the straw he be use to drink the chocolate milk . he 's look right at Rachel . on he terrify eye ... ext . josh be house -- that night back to the present . 42 . barbara ( v.o. ) I know you be out there Adam and I be go to keep call you and call you and call you ... int . basement / josh 's house -- continuous Barbara at the door , talk relentlessly . she 's struggle to stay in control of herself , rage grow , she voice a octave lower . barbara -..and if I have to do this all night and all the next day and all the next night I will keep go and I will never stop call you until you open this -- adam ( 0.s. ) Mom ? intercut int . hallway / josh 's house -- continuous a wear down Adam at the basement door . adam I be here . barbara Adam , let I out . adam dad say not to . barbara mommy do not want to be lock in the basement , Adam . adam but dad say -- barbara open this door right now ! Adam dither , then start to remove the hockey stick brace the door shut . barbara that 's a good boy , Adam ! Adam stop , something occur to he . adam Mom ? 43 . barbara ( very tight ) yes ... sweetheart ? adam this be sort of like my allowance . barbara you allowance ? adam yeah , I want my allowance just like you want to get out of the basement . barbara adammm -- adam maybe we should negotiate . you know , give and take ? ext . dairy farm -- same night josh , Athena , collin , Jim and ellen , watch delila gradually become quieter ... and calmer ... and then she eye return to normal . jim will you look at that ! Jim approach delila , reach out , scratch she head . she huff contentedly . Jim be too move to speak . ellen hug josh , Athena and collin in turn . ellen thank you ! mthank you all so much ! josh we have to go . int . basement / josh 's house -- same night Barbara , on the verge of lose it , listen to Adam . adam ( 0.s. ) and in the second paragraph where it say '' Adam will pick up he toy on a daily basis '' ? I want to amend that to say , '' Mom will pick up Adam 's toy on a daily basis ... intercut int . hallway / josh 's house -- continuous Adam read he contract . 44 , adam »..and in the section on bicycle care ? I would like '' regular maintenance to be perform by Adam '' to read '' regular maintenance to be perform by Mom '' . barbara ( explode ) let I outttttt !! int . dine room / stroud house -- continuous Ted and lasandra eat dinner . they hear Barbara yell . ted what be they do over there ?! lasandra try not to listen to it , Ted . just eat you steak . int . basement / josh 's house -- same night Barbara still at the door , roaring at Adam . barbara if you don ’t let I out of here adam you will be sorreeee !! adam os I be sorry , Mom . I be not go to negotiate in a atmosphere of intimidation . Barbara start to respond but hear a car roar up to the house . she descend the stair , cross to the transom . she can see the acura in the driveway , danni and Cal inside , Cal yell at she , danni about to cry . Barbara snarl . int . foyer / josh 's house -- moment later danni enter , be meet by Adam . danni where 's Mom and dad ? adam dad go out , Mom 's in the basement . danni what 's she do in the basement ? follow they through the house . 45 . adam she 's act really nut ! she 's be yell and scream and break stuff and -- danni stop , look at he . danni you will understand this when you be like , older ? it 's a girl - thing , it 's call pms . ( beat ) stop follow I , okay ? go watch tv or something . int . bedroom / josh 's house -- moment later danni enter furtively , see barbara 's handbag . ext . freeway -- same night the pci van zoom past camera . int . basement / josh 's house -- same night Barbara at the transom , watch danni cross from the house back to the acura . she get in , give Cal some money . Cal be disappointed with the amount . he yell at she , throw the bill in she face , then peel out of the driveway . Barbara bellow , go into a mindless rage , knock thing over , dump out box and bin until something clatter to the cement floor . a crowbar . int . den / stroud house -- same night Ted and lasandra watch tv . they hear a pounding sound . they try to ignore it but the sound continue . ted there 's only so much of this I be gonna take . int . basement / josh 's house -- same night Barbara work on the door with the crowbar ; savagely pound and pry at the wood . int . hallway / josh' house -- continuing Adam watch the door get shred , know he 's in trouble . adam you know what , Mom ? we could leave the contract the same ! ext . STREET -- same night the pci van in suburbia now , speed past camera . int . den / stroud house -- same night 46 . Ted and lasandra still try to watch tv , the pounding sound from next door continue . ted that 's it . enough be enough ! lasandra do not get involved over there , Ted . just call the police . ted I be the police ! ext . stroud house -- moment later Ted come out , cross towards josh 's house , lasandra to he . lasandra be careful , Ted ! the pci van pull into the driveway . josh jump out , to he front door , block Ted 's path . josh Ted ! what 's go on ? ted it 's you house , josh , how the hell would I know ?! josh hear the pounding . josh oh that ? yeah , we be have a little work do on the house . the door open , Adam there , cry . adam mommy 's get a crowbar ! ted ( at josh ) mommy 's get a crowbar ? josh she 's a real do - it- yourselfer . ted get outta my way ! call rush 47 . Ted barge past he into the house . int . various room -- continuous Ted move through the house , josh and Adam trail . josh do not you need a warrant to come in here , Ted ? ted not if I have probable cause that a crime be be commit and Lord know I have that ! they arrive at the basement door . it 's completely demolish . a trail of destruction lead away from they , down the hall to the open back door . Barbara 's go . Ted glare at josh . josh ( wanly ) she probably go out for some air . end act 3 act 4 int . CITY bus -- same night the bus driver bring the bus to a halt , open the door . passengers get aboard , drop money in the receptacle as they pass . someone go by without pay . bus driver miss ? you have to pay the -- the Bus Driver look in the rearview mirror , see two molten orb . Barbara 's eye . bus driver never mind . int . pci van -- same night 48 . josh drive around the neighborhood , look for Barbara . Adam in the shotgun seat , Athena and collin in the back . josh she do not say anything about where she be go ? adam no . favore Athena and collin . she glance at he , can still chagrine about the way thing have unfold . gesture at the m-pac . athena you know , I be think , maybe you could teach I how to use that sometime . collin sure . okay . ( then ) that be really interesting , what you do with the laccophilia and the worm ? athena thanks . collin the notion of a ritualistic transmutation be very intrigue although I still think there might be a biochemical explanation . I hope you be open to discuss it . athena anytime , collin . on Athena , smile to herself . int . cal' place -- same night a loud drunken party in progress . a self - conscious move through the crowd , everyone older than she . one of the Band member . danni have you see Cal around ? band member 1 ( mock ) have you see Cal around ? on danni , resume she search ... see he 's she danni she find 49 . ext . ( flashback ) STREET -- same night Young josh , sopping wet and terrify run down the street . he arrive at he apartment building . josh ( v.0 . ) I run all the way home ... int . ( flashback ) bedroom / apartment -- moment later Young josh stagger in , rip off he wet clothes and get into bed . he huddle there , tremble . josh ( v.0 . ) have my mother see I ? what would she say ? what would she do ? ( beat ) do I still have a mother ? int . pci van -- same night back to the present . josh and the group still drive around look for Barbara . adam »..- Mom be really mad and scream and everything , and then when danni come back she get super-mad . josh danni come back ? adam with that guy , and then they leave again . that be when Mom really go ballistic . josh ( realize ) she would not ... athena what , josh ? josh Barbara hate danni 's boyfriend , a guy name cal. ( try to remember ) she tell I where he live -- collin you think she go after he ? josh ( remember ) the landfill ! she say he live near the landfill ! 50 . ext . landfill -- same night a long shot of Cal 's place perch on the edge of the landfill , a vast crater . pulling back to barbara' silhouette int . stair / cal' place -- same night danni come up the stair , reach the second floor hallway . danni Cal ? be you up here ? she move down the hall to a door , open it ... int . bedroom / cal 's place -- continuous danni enter . danni Cal ? she stop abruptly . Cal and a girl be on the futon make out , a bottle of vodka on the floor next to they . danni be mortify . Cal look at she , sneer . danni you be such a jerk . cal Close the door and get out . danni Fine , just give I my booze back ! danni cross , grab the vodka . Cal grab she wrist . cal Drop it . danni no ! girl I be outta here . the girl get up and exit . cal let go of the bottle , danni . danni it 's mine , I pay for it ! 51 . danni try to yank free but he 's too strong , stand up while he twist she wrist , bring she to she knee . she cry out in pain . cal let go or I will break you arm ! a shadow fall over they . Barbara in the doorway . Cal sneer . cal what 's up , barb ? Barbara step forward . she 's completely berserk , enraged , demonize . danni Mom ? she walk towards Cal , she voice like the growl of a beast . barbara call..me ... mrs.. keeling !! Barbara give he a two -hand shove in the chest . he 's knock backwards , hit the wall hard . she catch he on the rebound and sling he into the dresser , smash it . danni Mom ? Cal try to get up but Barbara put a foot on the side of he head , mash he into the floor . barbara you little punk ! you and you car and you tattoo and you band ! you 're not good enough to wipe the dirt off my daughter's shoe !! cal get off I ! get off I you freakin’ old hag ! barbara oh I see . a potty mouth . int . bathroom / cal 's place -- moment later Barbara be hold Cal 's head in the toilet while he flail futilely , danni watch , aghast , but digging it . barbara you think I hate you , danni ?! I give birth to you ! ( more ) 52 . barbara ( cont would ) I worry about you and wish for you and want for you and ache for you and breathe for you every single minute of every single day ! I am you motherrrr !!! danni be awed by she mother 's tirade but notice : danni Mom ? I do not think he 's move . Barbara yank the sputtering Cal out of the toilet . she pull he close , look he right in the eye . barbara so tell I something , cal. ( beat ) who 's the bitch now ?! int . bedroom / cal 's place -- moment later Barbara bum-rush Cal out of the bathroom , across the room , through the french door , danni trail . daniell Mom , do not ! ext . balcony / cal 's place -- continuous Barbara bring Cal to the railing , start to heave he over . a 200 foot drop to the bottom of the landfill . barbara so long , asshole ! josh ( 0.s. ) Barbara ! Barbara hesitates , see josh , Adam , collin ( with the m- pac ) and Athena down below but off to one side ( ground level ) . they have just come around the side of the house . josh ( to collin ) go on up there , get ready to dart she . collin move off . josh do not do it , barb ! he 's have enough . Barbara snarl , not willing to let Cal go . josh you have make you point , honey . have not she Cal ? 53 . cal ( blubber ) oh yes ! yes she have ! I swear , Mrs. keeling mar ’am ! Barbara bellow defiantly , start to turn Cal over the railing . cal noooooo !! but Barbara stop . New angle : danni have put a hand on she shoulder . danni ( tearful ) it 's okay , Mom . they look at each other . danni I love you too . danni hug she . Barbara 's rage soften , turn into tear . she hug danni ... and let go of Cal . he plummet , scream like a girl , hit the landfill and disappear into the sea of garbage . phlooof !! everyone except Barbara wince at the sound . int . ( flashback ) kitchen / apartment -- next morning Young josh enter . Rachel be at the counter , make a bag lunch , hum , everything normal . she notice he . he try to control he fear . rachel good morning , josh . sleep okay ? young josh yeah . I sleep fine . rachel what do you do last night ? young josh oh , the usual stuff , you know . rachel want some breakfast ? josh no thanks . I be suppose to get to school early . hockey practice . rachel okay . well , here 's you lunch . 54 . she give he he bag lunch . they look at each other a long beat , josh try to see something in she eye . josh ( v.0 . ) I do not realize it then , but that Halloween night be my very first case . Rachel smile warmly , kiss he on the forehead . rachel see you later . follow Young josh out of the kitchen , down the hall to the front door . josh ( v.0 . ) it be also the start of my career , when a kid 's curiosity become a call . I have to find out , what 's really go on here ? Young josh start to exit but glance back . Rachel be stand at the sink , stare out of the window at the sky . he look at she , wonder . josh ( v.0 . ) so what be my Mom do in the cemetery that night ? I still do not know , but the case be not close .. »..- not by a long shot . ext . josh' house -- morning back to the present . josh come out , head towards he newspaper on the lawn . he see Ted , do the same . josh hey , ted. listen , about what happen ... ted I be not havin 's it , josh . be you hearing I ? I be not havin 's it . Ted point a finger at josh , then turn and walk into he house . on josh , breathe a weary sigh . int . study / josh 's house -- same day josh on the phone with a official from the US Department of Agriculture . intermittently , we hear a loud grinding SOUND . 55 . USDA official 1 ( v.o. ) I can assure you , Mr. keeling , we here at the Department of Agriculture monitor the country 's milk supply very carefully -- josh I be not suggest -- USDA official 1 ( v.o. ) -- and we have receive no report of contaminate milk or cattle display the symptom you describe . josh no report at all ? USDA official ( v.0o . ) not one . ( beat ) but you say this particular cow be affect by worm ? josh yes . USDA official ( v.o. ) what kind of worm ? josh well , they be a garden - variety coccidia but they be demonize . USDA official 1 ( v.o. ) demon worm ? josh yes . the grinding SOUND be distracting . josh could you hold on for just a second ? int . adam 's room / josh 's house -- continuous the source of the grinding SOUND . Adam and Barbara be feed the page of he contract into a shredder . resume josh close the he study door , pick up the phone again . josh sorry about that . 56 . USDA official 1 ( v.o. ) that 's okay . listen , I have get somebody else on the line with I whose more familiar with this kind of thing . josh oh great . USDA official 2 ( v.o. ) Mr. keeling ? yeah , my name 's Jerry Cooper . I be the supervisor here at the USDA 's demon Worm and goblin grasshopper Department ? josh realize they be mess with he . josh listen , I know how this sound -- USDA official 2 ( v.0o . ) no , no , we think you be really on to something here . in fact , we be send a crack team of agent to you house right now . USDA official 1 ( v.0o . ) you will recognize they by they big shoe . they put the worm on the sidewalk and stomp on ‘em ! the official burst into hysterics . josh hang up . int . live room / josh 's house -- same day josh and Barbara snuggling on the couch . josh how be you feel ? barbara I be fine . ( off he look ) really . oh I have the occasional urge to graze but other than that -- josh I be afraid I be go to lose you . he kiss she . josh I be so sorry . barbara I know you be ... but I have to admit , it be not all bad . 57 . int . acura -- same day Cal , hysterical and blubber , drive on a desert highway really fast . he whip past a sign that say : leaving the golden state . come again soon ! resume josh and barbara the conversation continue . josh I think it 's go to take awhile to patch thing up with Ted and lasandra . barbara I will talk to lasandra . ( bright idea ) I will tell she I have the flu . josh ( not hopeful ) yeah , that might work . danni enter . josh hey , kiddo . reveal danni 's companion . a very butch girl name rita . danni this be my friend rita . we will be in my room . danni and rita move off . on josh and Barbara , speechless . ext . pci -- day josh ( v.0 . ) the Department of Agriculture guy be not very receptive ... int . pci -- continuous josh , Athena and collin , a discussion in progress . josh ...- but that 's not what bother I . ( beat ) they say they have not receive any report about contaminate milk or possess cow . athena but be not that good ? 58 . josh think about it . somebody give demonize worm to one cow . collin right . why not a hundred cow or a thousand ? josh and why here , why not in Wisconsin , the dairy State ? why pick a place that 's less than a hour 's drive from this office ? athena be you say -- josh just hear I out , okay ? somebody feed delila a handful of hay contaminate with the worm . then delila show symptom that defy explanation so Jim go online and look for help . chatroom , message board , that kind of thing . what kind of response would he get ? collin oh , the usual palaver from the uninformed but anybody who know anything would refer he to you . josh especially here in my own backyard . athena you mean you be suppose to get the case ? josh and take the worm sample . it 's standard operate procedure . collin so what happen to Barbara -- josh be mean for I . we . it be only by chance we do not eat or drink anything that be contaminate . athena but who would want to set we up ? 59 . josh I do not know , but they have to be able to demonize the worm .. this be not just anybody . int . live room / farmhouse -- night Jim , asleep in he rocker , the tv on . josh ( v.0 . ) somebody once say , the only normal people be the one you do not know very well ... New angle . ellen , stand in the doorway , look at he . her farm wife demeanor be go , replace with a whole other persona ; confident , mysterious , a little menace . josh ( v.0 . ) ».. and how many people do you know that well ? I mean really ? Music begin . the talk head sing '' once in a Lifetime '' continue over ... ext . dairy farm -- same night ellen come out of the house , move off into the night . tracking ellen walk through the countryside , completely at ease in the dark . as the sequence conclude she go through a dilapidated wooden gate , stop . reverse angle : we be in a small , neglect graveyard , overgrown with weed . Rachel be there , middle - age now , still attractive , wear regular clothes . the two woman look at each other , smile . ellen we try . rachel and we will try again . ext . graveyard -- same night Rachel and ellen be do the same witch dance Young josh saw on Halloween night . pull back as other middle - age women come walk , glide and fly over the hill and through the field and out of the night sky , converge on the graveyard .... the end 60 .