lamb of GOD written by Diablo cody music up : a cheesy , synth -heavy ballad ext . mannerheim house ( to establish ) - morning a '' tuscan " - style tract house in a remote , snow - cover field . the house look very out of place , probably because this be not Tuscany . a deer graze nearby . there 's a plastic '' life-size '' nativity scene in the yard . the baby jesus be discreetly tethere to the manger with a bike lock . theft prevention . CUT to : a poor - quality video taken at a talent show . lamb mannerheim , 17 , grip a microphone and pace the stage . Lamb be pretty , but in a extremely modest , wholesome way . her clothes be date , and she wear she long hair in a old - fashioned style . think Walmart meet Little House on the prairie . a homemade american idol -inspire banner on the stage read : '' Christ be our idol ! youth talent night 2007 . '' Lamb take this performance very seriously , even if it 's just for friend and family . she hold the mic like a pro , fan she finger and use move she 's learn from tv . she smile and begin to sing in a unsteady , nervous voice . the song be '' place in this World , '' a Christian anthem by Michael W. Smith . lamb ( 2007 ) the wind be move but I be stand still a life of page wait to be fill int . mannerheim house ( lamb 's bedroom ) - morning we pan past a wall of family photo and mass -produce Christian art . a sticker that say '' Real woman eat meat . '' a montana bible college pennant . a cross . Lamb , now 21 , be lie in bed . faintly , as if underwater , we hear the sing performance play in another room . lamb ( 2007 ) a heart that 's hopeful a head that 's full of dream ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 2 . lamb ( 2007 ) ( cont 'd ) but this become be harder than it seem Lamb roll over stiffly . we see she arm , cover with flesh - toned compression garment -- they be like Ace bandage cross with fingerless glove . Lamb sit up , slowly and with effort . she 's a pretty young woman . but she shoulder and neck be marre by pink scar tissue . the scar could be cover with the right clothing , but right now , every flaw be expose . she wince in pain . every day begin with pain . lamb ( cont 'd ) ow . we intercut with the video , which we can now deduce be play in another room of the house . lamb ( 2007 ) ( cont 'd ) I be look for a reason roamin ' through the night to find my place in this world my place in this world Lamb groan , stiffly swinging she leg out of bed . she wiggle she toe and reach for a prescription pill bottle , close at hand . Lamb dry -swallow four vicodin pill in rapid succession -- she 's a pro at this . we see that there 's a cup of hot chocolate wait for she on the bed table . a candy cane and some mini -marshmallows dissolve in the cocoa . Lamb move the cup , revealing that the napkin / coaster bear a handwritten message : '' you R still pretty !!! xoxo Mom . " Lamb wrinkle she nose at the cocoa . lamb ( cont 'd ) ugh . Lamb exit the room and follow the sound of the talent show video to its source . int . mannerheim house ( live room ) - same the live room be bedeck with religious Christmas item . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 3. melanie and doug mannerheim , Lamb 's surprisingly young parent , be watch the talent show video on a gigantic plasma tv . melanie be a attractive woman with flow curl and a sparkling bejewel cross necklace . doug have spiky hair and a fitte button - down shirt with Ed hardy -esque embroidery on it . as they watch the video , Melanie provide rapid-fire commentary : melanie this part I think she do so well . you know that thing she do where she kind of take off and make it she own ? that 's call a '' run . '' Doug have watch this many time before . doug I know . melanie Lamb could have get a talent agent . I should have take she to that open call in missoula . doug that be a a long time ago . Lamb 's annoyed voice interrupt . lamb Mom , you be watch this again ? Lamb have appear in the live room entry , look dishevel and vulnerable with she scar and compression garment on rare display . Melanie react as though she 's be catch watch porn . melanie ( startle ) oh! Lamb . you be up early . Doug , where 's the clicker ? she root around for the remote control . find a couple of they in the couch . fling they aside . melanie ( cont 'd ) the small clicker ... doug ' Morning , Lamb . melanie do you want you robe ? the mannerheim household be a modest one , and Melanie be not comfortable look at Lamb uncover . she try to turn off the tape , but only succeed in turning up the volume . Lamb shout over the song . lamb I ask you not to watch this anymore . I even hide the tape in dad 's gun safe . Doug look at Melanie . she sigh . melanie we all know the combination be the dog 's birthday . on the tv : a young , stun Lamb sing : my place in this world . my place in this world . Lamb stare numbly at she former self on the giant screen as Doug turn down the volume . melanie ( cont ’d ) let 's get you robe . you must be freezing . lamb I be a burn victim . I be always freezing . read the pamphlet again . a awkward silence . doug hey , do you see Mom make you a candy cane cocoa ? melanie I even put some midget marshmallow in there . ( to Doug ) be it okay to say '' midget '' if it 's about a confection ? doug I would say little . Mini . Lamb interrupt angrily . she gesture to the tv , where she young self still sing . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 5 . lamb why the -- why the hell be you do this to I ? both parent pause , surprised by she language . Lamb have never uttere the word '' hell '' in she life . ( at least not in this context . ) doug Lamb ! lamb this be bull . now Doug and Melanie be shocked . doug that 's enough cursing . melanie ( to Doug ) maybe she do not take she medication yet . she have so much pain in the morning . lamb I take it , Mom . I take four . melanie you mean you take one ... lamb Times four . melanie Lamb , you be suppose to be taper off the pill . lamb well , Mom , you be suppose to be '' taper off '' the scrapbook and photo album and talent show video from back when I do not look like frankenstein . now turn it off . ( hesitate ) damn it ! Melanie shut off the tv and stare at she daughter . cursing be one thing . take the Lord 's name in vain be another entirely . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 6 . melanie Lamb Grace mannerheim . do you just say the worst curse in my tuscan mini-mansion ? doug frankenstein be the doctor , not the monster . you be a English major , honey . you should know that . lamb I be a English major . doug you be still technically enrol . lamb you might say I be burn out on college , dad . get it ? ha ha . melanie you be do so good . what 's get into you lately ? doug ( to Melanie ) could be the Devil . melanie ( whisper ) duh. obviously . Lamb give up , she shoulder sagging in defeat . lamb I be sorry . I be really sorry . I be just not feel well today . get my monthly bill . doug what bill ? Lamb trudge off back toward she room . lamb I be go to go practice my guest sermon , okay ? melanie let I know when you be ready for hair and makeup . Melanie and Doug exchange glance as she leave . this be not the Lamb they know . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 7 . int . lambh room —- morning Lamb sit on she bed . she wear a modest dress , a flower headband and lace tight . her hair be pull up into one of that pouf / braid combos commonly see on fundamentalist Christian woman . Melanie have a large professional tacklebox fill with makeup . she use a puff to apply some type of cover - up powder to Lamb 's scar . melanie this be from we new line . it 's all - natural mineral from the earth . it cover everything . you know shana qualley 's mom ? she have a lot of redness from , well , from drink . I use this on she and she look a lot better . not good -- that would take a miracle -- but better . Lamb say nothing . melanie ( cont 'd ) I really do not like to talk about people . ( finish ) there . you look radiant . Lamb look at she neck and collarbone in the mirror . it 's not a improvement . we still see the scar . lamb Dr. cha say I be not suppose to put anything on there . melanie Lamb , it 's 100 % natural . one of we representative put this on she four- year - old every day . lamb why ? Melanie be put away she makeup tool . she close the tackle box . melanie do you feel ready to give you guest sermon ? lamb mm-hm Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 8. melanie if you get nervous , just imagine pastor Rick in he underwear . lamb ( uncomfortable ) that will not be necessary . melanie let I just hear the beginning . Lamb sigh , dutiful . lamb '' my beloved family in worship . I stand here today as miraculous evidence of God 's heal grace ... '' do I have to practice right now ? melanie no . just remember : God 's count on you . you can make a difference with what you say today . it 's like I always say , you can affect change in a small way and it make a big ripple . like a -- lamb ( interrupt ) like a toot in the bathtub . I know . melanie that 's right . she kiss Lamb 's '' pouf . '' ext . super church - day the mannerheim 's car pull up to a giant mega - church complex . the vast parking lot be fill up with worshipper . the church 's giant marquee - type sign read : '' why ' tweet 's at satan when you can ' follow 's christ ? '' int . mannerheim family car - same the mannerheim 's be bundle up in parkas and scarve . Melanie roll down the window and peek out at the overflow parking lot . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) melanie will you look at this clusterhug ? I love see this many people come together in his name , do not you ? lamb I think some of they just come for the smoothies . we see that one of the many entrance to the church superstructure say '' god' bounty smoothies & coffee . '' doug we be lucky to belong to a church with amenity . the Catholic do not have a juice bar . lamb the Catholic get to drink the actual blood of Christ . melanie they think that , do not they ? be not we difference interesting ? i'1l pray for they . Doug , park over by the gift shop . I want to pick up a new journal after church . ( to Lamb ) I have be write . lamb good for you , Mom . melanie I be write a little story about a old man and a old woman and they whole epic love story go back decade . lamb sound like the notebook . melanie um , it 's totally unlike the notebook . I would not copy my own favorite book that I have read 100 time , would I ? ( then ) Doug , there 's one . a van from a assist live home pull into Melanie 's choose parking spot . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 10 . melanie ( cont ’d ) ( annoyed ) God bless it . int . super church - day a loud christian hip - hop band play . two rappers -- a white guy and a asian girl -- bust some rhyme . rapper # 1 Jesus , you be my savior . you make I like xavier . Roberts . you creation . you rule the nation ! rapper # 2 I love Jesus like William love kate . Jesus , you be my prince , let 's set the date . Melanie , Doug and Lamb take they seat in the front row of the massive auditorium . on the wall of the church , we see a few large poster with a photo of a smile Lamb . she wear a black dress with pearl ; she neck and arm be creamy and scar-free . the poster say : lamb mannerheim share her inspirational story of survival . sunday , december 17 , 10:00 service . melanie the poster come out nice . I need one of that for my brag wall . lamb be that the picture you send they ? why do you send they a old photo ? melanie it 's the nicest photo we have of you . that remind I , we need to go to the portrait studio as a family . we could wear match outfit and jump in the air ! ( off Lamb 's dour look ) or we could sit nicely . Lamb be fixate on the poster . lamb I do not look like that anymore . I look like a barbie . ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 11 . lamb ( cont 'd ) now I look like a barbie that get torture with a lighter . melanie first of all , you be never any kind of barbie . you be obviously a skipper . she discreetly indicate Lamb 's small chest . lamb Mom ! melanie honey , if I could crank you arm and make they grow , I would . secondly , self - pity be unbecome . you be get better every day . people do not even look anymore . we see a mom and dad try in vain to keep they kide from stare at Lamb . a little girl , who 's about 2 , start to point and cry loudly . melanie ( cont ’d ) that 's a tough age . they take they seat . as Melanie and Doug socialize with the people seat around they , Lamb begin to nod off . int . super church - 40 minute later Lamb wake up , a bit daze . pastor rick , the young , handsome , dynamic leader of the congregation , be introduce she . pastor rich ...- and now , we have a very inspiring young lady who 's agree to talk to all of you today . Lamb mannerheim have be a member of we church family , since , well , since I be a kid ! she 's be a value youth evangelist , the valedictorian of she home school collective and a favorite performer in we music ministry . when we think of well - form , righteous , feminine role model , we think about girl like Lamb . ( clear he throat ) ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 12 . pastor rich ( cont 'd ) as you all know , Lamb survive a tragic accident while she be away at Montana Bible College two year ago . as a community , we feel she pain and loss . but now , she 's miraculously back on she foot to share a courageous Christmas tale of faith and heal . Brothers and sister ... Lamb mannerheim . Lamb stand up and make she way to the podium . she get a stand ovation from the appreciative crowd . we can see pastor Rick check her out briefly ( but inappropriately ) as she take the stage . lamb thanks pastor Rich . good morning , everyone . I know you be all expect I to deliver testimony about the accident and how , through the grace of God , I recover . but really , you be hope to hear gory detail about the crash . like how I could smell myself burn , but I could not feel it . on Melanie : she face fall . this be not what they practice . but Lamb remain calm , smile , even serene . lamb ( cont 'd ) be not that funny ? I be in the parking lot of a kroger , on fire , and as I laid there , all I could think about be my shoe . that they look strange . '' I do not remember wear clog today . oh. I do not . they be regular shoe , but they be melting . and , come to think of it , so be I . '' the crowd begin to murmur . Lamb continue brightly . lamb ( cont 'd ) well , the accident be bad . but the surgeries -- that be even worse . do you know they can take skin from you butt and put it on you back ? and where do that leave you butt ? ( chuckle ) I guess thongs be out of the question now ! sorry pastor Rick . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 13 . now everyone be really uncomfortable . lamb ( cont 'd ) but enough of that . what I be really here to say today be that the horrible , unspeakable pain I endure do not strengthen my faith in the slight . in fact , I have become a athiest . I be here to share my new wisdom with you . everyone , there be no God . pastor Rick appear at she side , but she slap he away . lamb ( cont 'd ) do not touch I . my skin graft be very fragile . I could bleed all over we nice new alter carpete and then you have have to take up another collection ! ( to congregation ) another collection . you already tithe most of you income to this place . how 's that work out for you ? do the skate park and the put green make you feel more righteous ? melanie Lamb , stop ! get down from there ! lamb I be not do yet , mom. almost . okay , so I do not believe in God . here 's what I do believe : I believe in science . I believe in the doctor who be there when I wake up . I believe in opiate and morphine , which work whether you have faith in they or not . I be willing to believe that the universe be create in a explosion , and that fish - creature crawle out of the mud and evolve into human being . and , in we next presidential election ... ( pause ) I may vote for Obama . that do it . Chaos break out in the auditorium . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 14 . lamb ( cont 'd ) before I be forcibly remove from the stage , I want to say that I be leave billing for a while . I have spend my entire life abstain from earthly vice and drink the smoothie of ignorance concoct by this very church . tomorrow , I be get on a plane to Las Vegas , nevada , where I plan to gamble , drink alcohol , and frolic with homosexual - — Melanie seize control of the podium . feedback squawk as Melanie grab the mic and interrupt in a shaky voice . melanie I be very sorry , everyone . my daughter be still recover . lamb ( sarcastic ) what ? mother , I be radiant ! Melanie be too close to the mic . her voice boom in a unintentionally hilarious way . melanie please pray for we . lamb or do not . the last time you pray for I I wound up look like this . wah - wah ! melanie let 's get you out of here . she reach for Lamb , who lunge back toward the mic , pull she cardigan aside to reveal she shoulder . she shout cheerfully into the mic . lamb my shoulder look like turkey bacon ! God who ? as Melanie take Lamb 's elbow and hustle she away from the podium , she accidentally hurt she daughter 's skin . lamb ( cont 'd ) ow . she collapse and grab she elbow . 15 . melanie oh no ! baby , be you okay ? the sound drop out . Lamb shout a very bad word . the forbidden curse echoe off the wall of the enormous church . a fitting climax to Lamb 's public rejection of God . Doug take a long , uncomfortable sip from he '' God 's bounty '' smoothie . int . airplane - the next day Lamb be sit on the crowded vegas-bound plane . she wear a modest dress and look bewilder and overwhelm . a teenage guy , 17 , stashes he stuff in the overhead compartment and climb into the seat next to hers . he stare at the fingerless compression garment on she arm and hand as if they be some cool accessory . teenage guy where have you get that glove ? Lamb can barely hide she annoyance . lamb the mayo Clinic . ( then ) they be compression garment . like big Band - aids . teenage guy oh . do you cut ? lamb do I what ? teenage guy like , be you a cutter ? do you cut yourself on purpose , like with a razor blade or a knife ? lamb no . the guy pull up he arm to reveal a ladder of 4 or 5 small , pathetic red slashes . scratch , barely . teenage guy check it . Lamb be offended by this self - inflicted wound . lamb you should be ashamed of that . teenage guy why ? lamb because it 's disrespectful . that 's you arm . you be the earthly custodian of that arm and you choose to treat it like a whittling block ? teenage guy a what ? lamb a block of wood that one whittles . teenage guy it 's not my fault . my therapist say I have a textbook '' type D '' personality . lamb " type D " ? teenage guy depress . it mean you pretty much want to kill yourself all the time . Lamb consider this . lamb when I feel '' depressed '' , I go fora bike ride in the sunshine or I play my flute or I read scripture ( catch herself ) -- well , I do not read scripture since I renounce God , but the other two . anyway , I would never cut my body . that seem counterintuitive if you be try to be of good cheer . the guy stare at she . teenage guy Sunshine and the flute ? be you from that family on tv that have like 20 kid and be in a cult ? 16 . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 17 . lamb I do not watch tv. ( quietly ) also , it 's not a cult . they be just baptist . a pause . the guy drum he finger anxiously on the armrest . teenage guy I hate takeoff . I get so jumpy on plane . lamb there 's pretty much zero chance this plane will go down . teenage guy I know there 's all that statistic , like , safer than a car and stuff but ... lamb no. factually speak , the odd of this plane crash be much lower than you realize . like one in approximately ten trillion , since I be on here . teenage guy ( scoffing ) what , because you be magic or something ? lamb no. because it never happen to anyone twice . the guy , realize , stare at Lamb in awe . lamb ( cont 'd ) type D. ( shaking she head ) D for dummy . my goodness . she take a brand new copy of the audacity of hope by Barack Obama out of she bag , crack the spine , and begin read . int . airplane - 45 minute later the teenage guy sleep . Lamb be wide awake , bored with she book . she gaze out the window . 18 . she turn to the personal in - flight entertainment screen on the seatback in front of she . she press '' movie . '' lot of option come up . Lamb scroll past the family - friendly category , determine to corrupt herself . she choose a category call '' exclusive ! Vegas - inspire movie to get you in the mood ! '' we see a selection of famous Las Vegas move : the hangover . what happens in Vegas . leave Las Vegas and then ... showgirl . if it 's possible for a person to blush at the mere sight of a movie title , Lamb do . the movie be aptly describe as '' the cult classic erotic thriller ! '' Lamb glance at she seatmate . still sleep . the aisle seat be occupy by a senior citizen do sudoku . tentatively , Lamb press '' play '' on showgirl . she make sure no one be look and settles in . int . airplane - a hour later Lamb be watch the infamous pool sex scene . her brow be furrow , as if she 's watch a interesting ritual from some foreign civilization . the teenage guy stir . Lamb immediately lean forward and try to turn off the movie . teenage guy ( daze ) hm ? ( see ) whoa ! all right ! Lamb be wildly press the '' home '' icon on the touchscreen . it 's stick on showgirl , freeze in the land of violent pool sex . teenage guy ( cont ’d ) what be this ? species ? Lamb be mortify , but hold she head high . lamb showgirl . teenage guy I would not have think you would choose this particular film . 19 . lamb well , I do . ( primly ) I love erotic thriller . the guy crane he neck to check out the screen teenage guy I too . Lamb look away , but she eye wander back to the screen . int . mccarren INTERNATIONAL airport ( arrival ) - day Lamb move through the airport , past the ding-de - ding of slot machine and horde of tourist . the whole place be decorate for Christmas and the mood be both festive and profane . int . mccarren INTERNATIONAL airport ( baggage claim ) - night Lamb stand at the baggage claim and wait for she suitcase . she carry she flute in a black case . Three stripper from the same flight wait just behind she in the crowd . they wear sweatsuit in contrast pastel . stripper # 1 be a latina beauty with hair down to she waist and 0 % body fat . she stamp she foot dramatically . stripper # 1 I need a smoke so bad . stripper # 2 be a tan , corn - feed blonde . stripper # 2 you be make it worse by talk about it . stripper # 1 lady , I get that feel like I be gonna bank this weekend . I be gonna make six gs. stripper # 2 nobody make six gs anymore . not even feature girl . stripper # 1 I know the economy suck , but this bubble do not break . 20 . she do a few booty - pop . the girl giggle . stripper # 3 be a tough , short girl . stripper # 3 if I even make one G , I 's all be happy . we keep come out here for the weekend , but truth be , Vegas be as break as Montana . ( to Lamb ) hey , can you grab that big louie for I ? a louis vuitton suitcase be make its way around the carousel . it 's position in such a way that Lamb can reach it but the stripper can not . Lamb be not sure what a '' louie '' be but she guess . lamb this one ? she grab the bag with difficulty and swing it over to its owner . the stripper see the scar on Lamb 's arm as she reach forward . stripper # 3 girl , what happen to you ? stripper # 1 be embarrassed by she friend 's rudeness . stripper # 1 Lexus ! stripper # 3 look like someone say they be gonna cut a bitch and actually do it . damn . ( by way of apology ) you still cute , though . stripper # 2 yeah . she 's cute . she could probably get a day shift at the lumberyard . lamb the lumberyard ? stripper # 1 you know the lumberyard in helena ? we work there . ( then , aggressive ) yeah , I say it . there 's no shame in the game . 21 . lamb why would you be ashamed of that ? Christ be a carpenter . the girl exchange glance and burst into peal of laughter . it 's not '' mean girl '' laughter , per se , but genuine surprise at Lamb 's dorkiness . stripper # 2 we be not carpenter . the lumberyard be a gentleman 's club . lamb oh. ah. you have think I would have get that , since I just watch showgirl on the plane . ( whisper ) I know all about what you do . a awkward beat . stripper # 3 right . you get it all figure out . the girl shake they head as Lamb reach onto the baggage carousel and take she childish pink suitcase . we see peel letter print on the suitcase : go to grandma 's . Lamb extend the handle and walk away , roll it behind she with she head hold high . the stripper watch , amused . ext . mccarren INTERNATIONAL airport ( taxi stand ) - dusk Lamb approach the taxi stand , where a jade attendant flag down car . clutch she print itinerary , she take a deep breath . lamb one taxi , please . attendant uh-huh . where you head ? lamb um , the Planet Hollywood Resort ? attendant play - Ho . get it . lamb Planet Hollywood . 22 . the attendant toss she pink suitcase carelessly into the trunk of a wait cab . it land with a thunk as Lamb meekly protest . lamb ( cont 'd ) hey , I have dish in there . the man stare at she . attendant why would you bring dish to Las Vegas ? Lamb climb into the back seat of the cab . she go to buckle up and discover only a lap belt . lamb ( to driver ) Sir ? be there a shoulder belt ? driver ( thickly accented ) what , you want a baby seat too ? goo goo . the attendant slam the door shut and the cab squeal away . int . taxi cab - evening Lamb admire the spectacular light of the Strip from the back of the cab . remember showgirl , she decide to ask about a certain Vegas landmark . lamb Excuse I , sir . where be the stardust ? the driver 's accent and ethnic background be impossible to place . driver eh ? lamb the stardust Hotel . where they have the goddess musical performance ? driver stardust ? that be , eh , bomb a few year ago . blown up inside with dynamite . Big boom . Lamb have be raise to be very wary of terrorism . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 23 . lamb oh , no. ( whisper ) be it Muslims ? driver Muslims ? no , man ! the guy who own it blow it up with purpose so he could build a new hotel . what do you think I know about some terrorist ? ( then ) ah , I hate this trop light . they be stop at the intersection of Las Vegas boulevard and tropicana . it 's gridlock on every side . lamb trop light ? driver yeah , man . tropicana . longest light in town . the cab slow to a stop . Lamb look out the window at the New York , New York roller coaster and the excalibur 's fake castle turret illuminate overhead . she 's enchant by the sight . lamb kind of look like Disney World . driver ( sarcastic ) Disney World . ha . that place ? you ever be to Disney World ? lamb no . I be not allow to , because the Disney Corporation support the homosexual agenda . driver last night , in this cab , I have two gay guy get marry . I get no problem with it . as long as they keep they penis inside the blue jeans . I say , if I see some gay , I see some doogie howser bullshit , you be out ! here we be . he pull over to the curb quickly , send Lamb fly . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 24 . ext . planet hollywood - same the driver take Lamb 's pink suitcase out of the trunk . Lamb nervously peel off a few bill from a conspicuously large wad of cash . lamb here . driver thanks . hey , you know how you say you be not allow to go to Disney World ? lamb yes ? driver be the Disney Channel also forbidden ? lamb yes , sir . emphatically so . driver even the wizard of waverley place ? lamb Satanists . Lamb turn and walk toward the hotel with she suitcase and she flute . the driver look down with surprise at the large wad of money she 's hand he . driver you sure ? int . planet hollywood - evening Lamb walk into the hotel . she scan the room nervously . it 's early in the evening . tourist play crap and blackjack and wander around with drink . the scene be relatively tame and even a little hokey . Lamb seem relieved . lamb huh . it 's kinda like branson . a old woman pull the lever on a cheesy brand slot machine . the machine discharge a few quarter . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 25 . lamb ( cont 'd ) no problem . she step forward bravely . int . HOTEL gift shop - evening Lamb , check in , tuck she room key into she pocket . she 's about to walk to the elevator , but she pause and go into the hotel 's gift shop . Lamb take a tacky , sparkly T-shirt off one of the rack . it say '' I ( heart ) las vega , '' only instead of a heart , there be -— - nonsensically -- a pair of dice . lamb ( whisper ) '' I dice Las Vegas . '' it do not look like anything Lamb would normally wear . but nothing about this night be normal . int . planet hollywood ( elevator area ) - evening Lamb , now hold a shopping bag , wait for a elevator to take she up to she room . from where she stand , we can already hear some raucous shouting come up the elevator shaft . the elevator door open , revealing about 5 wet frat boy come up from the pool area . they be drunk and in various state of undress . think damp towel , tribal tattoo , steroidal acne and loud , booming voice . frat guy # 1 I swear , I only have a half a pill , but I be roll so hard . frat guy # 2 dude , I be fly . we should call that slut from tao and get a eight ball for tonight . frat guy # 1 phenomenal , bro ! frat guy # 3 phenomenal . frat guy # 4 hey. Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 26 . the shouting and laugh stop abruptly when they notice Lamb stand there . silence . Lamb primly step into the elevator . int . planet hollywood ( elevator ) - same the frat boy be try to hold it together , but they be make crazy expression at each other and ( barely ) suppress laughter . they do not know how to respond to a pretty girl who 's be desexualize by injury . finally , one of the guy talk . frat guy # 2 hi. lamb hello . one of the guy begin to crowd she in a creepy way . he stroke she ponytail . one of they whisper frat guy # 2 uh , where be you from ? the other guy snicker . this be the equivalent of the high school quarterback hit on a ugly girl to make he friend laugh . frat guy # 3 ( under he breath ) Chernobyl . huh huh . lamb I be from D.C. frat guy # 2 oh yeah ? lamb yes . I be a federal agent . drug enforcement . frat guy # 4 oh really ? lamb I just orchestrate a huge meth lab sting in Iowa . the place blow sky high . mess I up pretty bad , as you can see . but I be back in action . Vegas be my new beat . Lamb 's voice be shaking , but she stick to she story . 27 . frat guy # 3 wow . lamb I be look forward to make some arrest . the people here be not very discreet , so it should be easy ! plus , I be a super-smeller . you know drug-sniff dog ? I 'ma drug-sniff human . I be accurate up to four yard , that 's how I get into the dea . I beat out a golden retriever in test . frat guy # 2 ( to he friend ) hey , let 's get off here , man . frat guy # 1 yeah , yeah . we pass we floor . they begin stabbing button in a panic . the door open on the mezzanine level . lamb this be not you level be it ? this look like a convention of chicano attorney . a easel - style sign welcome people to the national conference of chicano attorney . nevertheless , the frat guy all scurry off the elevator , fail to blend in with the crowd . Lamb exhales as the door close . she close she eye . the encounter scared she more than she let on . ext . HOTEL hallway - night Lamb take out she key card . we see a group of cute , happy 20 - something girl head out for a night on the town . they skip down the hall toward the elevator , hold hand . girl # 1 wait , Zoe , this be you first time see cirque ? you be so gonna cry . girl # 2 oh my God , I know . 28 . girl # 3 Liz , that shoe be phenomenal . so phenomonal . girl # 1 and # 3 phenomenal ! wistfully , Lamb watch they as they pass . she try out the word everyone she age be ( over ) use . lamb phenomenal . phenomenal . she slide she key into the door . the light turn green . int . lambh HOTEL room - night it 's a much nicer hotel room than we might expect a young , small - town traveler to stay in . Lamb unzip she suitcase . there 's a broken '' fiestaware '' dish on top of she neatly fold clothes . she sadly remove the piece . lamb shoot . there be three other dish that be intact . Lamb remove they and carefully stack they on the tv console . then , she begin to hang up she clothes . int . bath / shower - night through frost glass , we can barely make out Lamb 's silhouette . she stand in a big , square Vegas bathtub . her compression garment be hang on the towel rack . Rather than normal shower sound , we hear a trickle of water . Lamb be wash herself slowly and methodically . her hand clutches a bar for support . we see how she movement be limited and that something as simple as bathing have become complicated for she . she quietly sing , she voice echoing off the wall . lamb ( sing ) the wind be move , but I be stand still ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 29 . int . HOTEL room - night Lamb slide a compression sleeve up she arm . lamb a life of page , wait to be fill ... int . HOTEL bathroom - night Lamb , now wear she sequine Vegas T-shirt and she customary knee - length denim skirt , brushes she hair and slide she stock - cover foot into pink flat . lamb feel like I be look for a reason ... int . elevator - night Lamb ride down to the lobby with a group of shoddily dress tourist . as always , she wear she cardigan , though the T - shirt 's sequine logo be visible . she sing under she breath . lamb roamin ' through the night to find ... the door open . lamb ( cont 'd ) my place in this world . my place ... int . casino - day as the elevator door open , Lamb 's ear be suddenly assault with autotune , bass -heavy hip - hop music . the mood of the hotel have change considerably . shit be go off . Lamb walk through the casino , observe the chaos . a few hire dancers be work the pole next to a crap table . Lamb stare at they hard , flawless body as they writhe and gyrate , bored . a pregnant bride in handcuffs and a light - up '' penis tiara '' get lead through the lobby by she friend . Lamb 's eye widen as the colorful penise blink at she , as if in code . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 30 . in a nearby bar , a middle - aged man plant he mouth at the bottom of a ice luge while someone pour vodka down the ramp . lamb that do not seem clean . at a centrally locate casino buffet , tourist scoop pile of crab leg onto they plate . even something as innocent as food seem to become excessive and wasteful in Las Vegas . a crab leg fall off the plate of a jolly female tourist . lamb ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , you drop a ... leg . crab tourist ( to friend , ignore Lamb ) ha ! no , no , no , no Leslie . you be on crack ! you be legit smoking crack . wait , that 's my phone . lamb a crab be trap and asphyxiate so that you might be nourish by its leg . the woman still be not listen . Lamb might as well be invisible . finally , Lamb scurries over to the buffet area and pick the leg off the floor . immediately , a stern buffet attendant rush away from he prime rib carve station and confront Lamb . buffet attendant ma’am , the buffet be for pay customer , not scavenger . lamb ( shocked ) I be not scavenge . she 's waste food . buffet attendant oh , I see the whole thing . the king crab leg hit the floor and you come scurrying out of nowhere like a dirty raccoon . lamb I do not scurry . this people be glutton . ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 31 . lamb ( cont 'd ) it 's like they think crab come from a factory , rather than a delicate marine ecosystem . they have no respect for life . buffet attendant be you from peta ? do you hate the circus and pony ride ? lamb what ? no . buffet attendant be you one of that anti-abortion psychos ? lamb I do not think so ... buffet attendant '' hooker for Jesus '' ? lamb I suppose I just think buffet be wasteful . buffet attendant please leave my carve station immediately . ext . las vega strip - night Lamb walk down the street , deject . she pass a nasty little man hand out flier for female escort . nasty little man merry Christmas ! beautiful , sexy girl ! hot girl deliver to you room ! Lamb pluck a flier from he outstretch hand . it say : real girl ! no bull ! a photo of a young brunette girl gaze out at Lamb . the caption read : ryder , 19 . massage , role play , shower , greek . anything goe ! Lamb 's face fall . for some reason , she stuff the flier into she purse , even though it repulse she . she keep walk and encounter a young christian evangelist hand out RELIGIOUS comic book . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 32 . evangelist Jesus save ! accept Christ as you Lord and savior today ! Christ die for you sin . Lamb look at the young evangelist , see herself in he or she hopeful gaze . the evangelist thrust a book into Lamb 's hand . evangelist ( cont ’d ) here . this comic book contain the key to eternal life . the comic be call '' Viva Las Satan ? '' the cover depict a smirk devil preside over a poker table . Lamb take one and examine it with a air of familiarity . lamb ( hold up comic ) ah yes . a fine title from salvation Press . I be acquainted with this one . at the end , the gambler all go to hell and learn that God 's love be the real jackpot . oh , and Jews be vampire . the end . she hand the comic book back to the evangelist . evangelist oh . be you save ? lamb do I look save ? evangelist um , well , we be all redeeme through Christ 's love . if we accept it . would you like to pray with I and be save ? lamb my parent use to take I to bighorn Canyon every summer . there 's this place where you can stand on the edge and get a triple echo if you yell loud enough . evangelist I do not get it . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 33. lamb I would just yell my own name over and over , and eventually I could convince myself that someone be call out to I . evangelist maybe you need to re-read this . she try to hand Lamb the comic book again , but Lamb seize she wrist . Lamb 's eye be shine , solemn . lamb you be waste you life . I can already tell it 's too late for I to be normal . maybe it 's not too late for you . evangelist let go of I . ext . imperial palace HOTEL & casino - night Lamb have be wander for a while when she come upon the enormous neon facade of the Imperial Palace . there 's a sign advertising '' live dealer -tainer ! only place in Vegas where the dealer sing and dance ! " Lamb shrug , exhaust , and enter . int . imperial palace - night music up : '' Holly jolly Christmas '' Lamb enter the lobby of the hotel . the night be in full swing . she walk toward the main bar . the bartender , '' sweet '' william carr , be in he mid thirty . he would be handsome in the right scenario , but Vegas have take its toll on he . his hair be a mess , he expression be weary , and arm be pattern with tattoo of questionable quality . lamb Excuse I , bartender ? William seem annoyed by this formal mode of address . william yes , drunkard ? Lamb scan the liquor selection and land on a bright , cartoonish look bottle . lamb I will have the peach schnapp . William shudder visibly at this request . william Peach schnapp . neat ? Lamb blink . william ( cont ’d ) would you like ice ? lamb no thanks . take up too much room in the glass , and I want as much liquor as possible . at this point , William be humoring she . bartender oh . I agree . 34 . as he grab a highball glass from behind the bar , he look at Lamb 's T-shirt and read it . william ( deadpan ) '' I dice Las Vegas . '' lamb it do not really make sense , do it ? William like to spook young girl . he lunge across and stare she down accusingly . william it make perfect sense if you have come to here chop people up into little piece . Lamb do not flinch . lamb oh , great . ' Cause that 's totally why I be here . William slide the schnapp across to Lamb . the bar 35 . lamb ( cont 'd ) when do the '' dealer - tainer '' perform ? william let 's see , it 's almost nine ... ah , yes . look like my dear friend loray be on deck . he gesture to a young african - american woman leave a crowded blackjack table . another dealer be in the process of subbing in at the table . william ( cont 'd ) here we go . a emcee 's voice boom over the microphone . emcee lady and gentleman , the Imperial Palace be proud to present the musical styling of we deal diva , loray ! William mutter to himself as he wipe down the bar . william she hate the word '' diva . '' people at the bar turn toward loray as she move to the center of the room , hold a cordless mic . she have a commanding presence , even in she silly Imperial Palace uniform . the bar patron begin to murmur and speculate as to what loray might sing . male patron ooh . look at this black girl ! I bet she 's gonna blow the door off . his friend 's response be equally stereotypical . patron # 2 oh yeah man , she 's gonna take we to church ! patron # 1 ( call out ) do aretha ! '' respect ! '' loud , record music fill the casino . but it 's not the powerhouse r&b song everyone be expect . Rather , it 's the gentlest , whitest ballad imaginable : '' in my room , '' by the Beach boy , 36 . loray 's voice be pure and sweet . loray there 's a world where I can go and tell my secret to . in my room ... patron # 1 booooo ! what be this ? patron # 2 dismiss loray with a point finger , jabbing wildly to the leave as if to direct she offstage . patron # 2 to the leave , girl ! a elderly white woman turn to she companion . old white woman ( disappointed ) I think she be go to have soul . William return to Lamb 's corner of the bar , shaking he head as the customer hiss and complain . william she 's not suppose to sing this . she 's be warn . indeed , we see the pit boss frown at he defiant employee . lamb but it 's beautiful . william people here do not want beautiful . they want -- drunk girl ( scream ) ke$ha ! lamb I do not know what that be . loray now it 's dark and I be alone but I will not be afraid ... Lamb watch loray sing and be affect . there 's something so brave about loray 's sincerity and conviction in this room full of bawdy reveler . 37 . William , despite he toughness , be touch by the fact that Lamb be touch . bartender I be William . lamb Lamb . Lamb mannerheim . she offer he she glove hand . he notice the compression garment for the first time , but only hesitates for a instant before shaking she hand . loray finish she song on a high , clear note . loray in my room ... Lamb take she first sip of the drink and make a horrify face . a river of peach nastiness escape down she chin . William hand she a cocktail napkin as tepid applause fill the casino . william be that you first , ah , schnapp ? Lamb 's voice be a faint croak . lamb my first anything . william here . this be call a '' water back . '' ( winking ) all the experience drinker order this . he give Lamb a glass of water . she downs it gratefully . Lamb take a prescription pill bottle out of she purse , shaking a few capsule into she hand . she put the bottle down for a moment to politely applaud loray . as Lamb turn away , William zeroe in on the label , read it : vicodin ( hydrocodone ) . his eye be fill with long . desire . pain . Lamb turn back and William act casual . loray be head straight for the bar . she squeeze in next to Lamb . 38 . loray well , the good news be , I be off for the night . we be officially on lst : loray Standard time . william you be great , honey . in what may have be you final performance . loray yup , my ass be grass . management say they want I to sing '' respect . '' I mean , can you believe that ? william ( dry ) no . why would anyone want to hear a rouse motown crowd - pleaser ? lamb I love you song . loray barely glance at Lamb . loray Brian Wilson . that 's my jam . I mean , I prefer he more obscure composition , but ... william loray , this be my new friend Lamb loray look at Lamb then back at William . she roll she eye as if to say : you be hit on this ? loray I hope that 's pedialyte , ' cause you new friend be 10 . lamb I be 21 . loray glance at Lamb 's modest decolletage . loray 21 double -a . you be a fetus . she accept a cocktail that William have automatically pour for she ; we can see this be a standard end - of- shift ritual . william Lamb be ... what , celebrate she birthday ? where be you friend ? ( more ) 39 . william ( cont 'd ) surely there must be a gaggle of drunk college girl look for you . loray a gaggle ? no , I think a pride . william a murder . like crow . loray no , no , no , a flock ! get it ? a flock of -- william too obvious , honey . lamb I be here in town alone , actually . loray look up from she drink and snort . loray uh-oh . lamb Excuse I ? loray let I guess . you come here -- hm , best case scenario , you come here to be ... ( decide ) a showgirl . lamb no . loray come on . you be sit here alone on a Monday night in December . cute little face , call yourself laaam - buh . lamb that 's my real name . loray weave down to you butt ... lamb this be my hair . 40 . loray bleach blonde ... lamb Real blonde . I be half finnish . loray toss back most of she cocktail . loray hey , look . I be half - finish , too . ( to William ) top I off . she chuckle and head toward the bathroom . William reach for loray 's glass to refill it . before he can stop Lamb , she 's jump off the stool and be follow loray . bad idea . william do not chase it into its cave . it bite . Lamb realize she 's leave she purse hang on the chair . naively , she continue on she way , call back to William . lamb watch my purse , please . thanks ! int . imperial palace ( bathroom ) - same a toilet flush . loray emerge from the stall and see Lamb stand by the sink , she eye narrow and indignant . loray whoa . you look like a angry ... baby ...cobra. ( beat ) look , I be sorry I give you shit back there . I have to amuse myself somehow . lamb I be not a showgirl . loray pump soap into she hand , annoyed . loray no one care what you be . Lamb be overly invest in prove she innocence . 41 . lamb I care very much . I care how I be perceive . besides , I could never do that even if I want to . ( solemn ) people would stare . I have a condition . a skin condition . she hold up she glove hand . loray , who be casually rinsing she hand in the sink , barely glance . loray yeah ? I have a skin condition too . it 's call '' black . '' she laugh at Lamb 's angst . loray ( cont 'd ) ( mock ) '' people would stare . '' yeah . try be I at the cell phone store . lamb um ... loray walk up to the high - tech dyson hand dryer , she drip finger outstretch . loray shh . this be the best part . she lower she hand into the wind tunnel , then withdraw they slowly and indulgently . loray ( cont 'd ) Love the airblade . she shake she head , satisfied . as she head for the door , Lamb interrupt once more . lamb I be from a conservative religious community where I be not allow to date or dance or even attend a normal school . then I be in a accident that leave a third of my body burn and disfigure . I do not think there be a God anymore , which be a pretty big deal for I to be say , because God use to be sorta my jam . loray blink . 42 . lamb ( cont 'd ) I leave my home for the first time today because I feel like I have miss out on all of this and I want to experience worldly pleasure for the first time . loray wow . be I in the first five minute of pornography ? lamb no , I - - loray that be quite the pitch , Lamb . I have hear some crazy storey from some break folk here in the people 's Republic of bad choice , but that one ? that one take the whole hash brownie . ( suspicious ) be you look for money or something ? be you a junkie ? I bet that glove be cover some track ... Lamb whip off she cardigan wordlessly . we see not Lamb , but loray , as she look at Lamb 's scar . loray ( cont 'd ) oh. lamb oh. loray you be tell the truth . lamb yes. loray and you be all by yourself , look for trouble . you want to be a criminal ? lamb no . no , not a criminal . I just want to be a american . 43 . int . imperial palace ( casino floor ) - day loray be walk quickly across the casino floor . she 's change into STREET clothes and carry a backpack . Lamb trot after she eagerly . lamb where be we go ? loray I do not know yet . I know if I leave you by yourself , you be go to wind up somewhere horrible , like the trunk of a car or Circus Circus . I feel a strange sense of responsibility toward you . you be just a little deep - fry pickle from Ohio ... lamb Montana . they be veer back toward the bar , where William regards they with curiosity . loray from Montana , population four , and you come here to commit sin . what do you have in mind , specifically ? lamb well , intoxicant , game of chance ... loray sex ? ( look Lamb over ) I be sure you will have no problem find someone to wreck that . Lamb be uncomfortable with this suggestion . lamb um , well , just basically the whole Vegas experience . ( then ) hey , thanks for watch my purse ! they have arrive at the bar . Lamb take she purse from William , who look a bit guilty . william thanks for believe in I . what 's go on ? Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 44 , loray I be take Lamb downtown . william omf - Jesus . lamb you should come with we ! loray William 's in the program . he only go out for donut and he '' Higher power . '' william I be off at eleven . ( to loray ) you have my number . the new number , the 702 ... loray raise a eyebrow at he , surprised . loray I get you number all right , pedo - bear . have a nice night . lamb wait ! this be to pay for my drink . she toss a single bill onto the bar as loray hustle she toward the casino exit . loray come on , Lamb .. what 's you last name ? lamb mannerheim . loray jewish ? Lamb gasp , delighted by this '' shocking '' suggestion . lamb no ! they disappear out the casino door . loray uh , sorry ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 45 . lamb no , it 's cool ! do you really think I be jewish ? wow ! back on william : watch they depart form , William scoops the money off the bar . like the cab driver , he 's surprised by the bill 's denomination . int . loray 's car - night Lamb ride shotgun in loray 's beat - up Hyundai . we hear a dialogue snippet from the Natural bear killer soundtrack , follow by the appropriate song . lamb why be we leave ? loray if you want to see Las Vegas , we have to go to Las Vegas . lamb but we be in Las Vegas . loray no , we be not . we be in paradise . Lamb be perplex . loray ( cont 'd ) they may call this the '' Vegas Strip , '' but it 's actually locate in a census-designated area call paradise . paradise , nevada . you can look it up . most tourist do not know . they all say they be head to Vegas , but technically , they be go to paradise . Lamb stare longingly out at the light of the Strip . lamb well , maybe I want to see paradise , then . loray no you do not , Lamb . paradise be process cheese . do you want roller coaster and a fake eiffel Tower and a bunch of tourist clap for a frigging computerize fountain ? yay , robot ! yay , robot fountain ! no . ( more ) 46 . loray ( cont 'd ) you want real Las Vegas , where the local go . none of this trifling theme park trash . actually , the other stuff sound pretty good to Lamb . lamb it 's just that I have never be to a theme park . besides creation land . loray what be creation land ? lamb it 's a place in South dakota with ride and um , exhibit about how human be create by God and live among the dinosaur . loray throw she head back and laugh heartily . lamb ( cont 'd ) they have a pretty cool log ride ... oh , the trop Light . this be the worst , huh ? they be stick at the infamous traffic light . loray look suspiciously at Lamb . loray '' trop Light . '' how long have you be here ? you be sure you be not a hooker ? lamb it bother I so much when you say thing like that . loray sorry . lamb terrible . ext . '' real '' las vega - night loray drive through downtown Vegas , aka '' glitter gulch . '' everything seem dirtier , more tragic , and also much more romantic . loray glitter gulch . this be the real life , yes indeed . 47 . Lamb roll down the window , then cautiously roll it back up halfway . lamb this be where you go for fun ? loray sure , when I be not at school or at the Palace . lamb ( surprised ) you go to school ? loray yeah , unlv . be that so shocking ? you do not have any black friend , do you ? everyone say they have the one black friend , but you do not even know that guy . lamb we have a visit pastor from Africa all last summer . loray if he come back next year , tell he loray say hi . Lamb change the subject . lamb what 's you major ? loray expertly maneuver herself into a parking spot . loray filn . lamb oh . there be nothing like that at my college . Lamb shake she head as they climb out of the car . loray really ? nobody make short ? lamb we be not allow to wear short . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 48 . ext . sceptre lounge - night a line of local hipster snake around outside loray 's favorite bar , the sceptre . loray and Lamb be quickly wave to the front of the line . int . sceptre lounge - night Close on Lamb 's glove hand , grip a oversize lever . loray ( 0.s. ) all right , let 's get this out of the way . pull . reveal Lamb in the crowded bar , the kind of place that have Christmas light even when it be not Christmas . she eagerly yank the lever on a campy vintage slot machine . the machine 's display reveal a cherry , a bell and '' bar . '' loray ( cont 'd ) there . you gamble . you play you game of chance . and now you see why it 's stupid . let 's move . she try to urge Lamb ahead , but Lamb be perplex . lamb what 's '' bar '' ? do I lose ? loray yes , Lamb , you lose . ultimately , everyone lose . if you light that dollar on fire , at least you would have kindling . I have no respect for gambler . they make they way toward the bar . lamb you deal card for a live . loray that 's right , for a live . not for my own personal edification . Charlie ! hey , Charlie ! charlie , a cute , tattooe female bartender , look up from the tap , where she 's busily fill pint . she grin . charlie loray -who-i-wanna-lay . what be we think ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 49 . loray I be think we be go to need some shot . line ‘em up . begin drinking sequence loray and Lamb be ensconce at they own tiny table near the jukebox . loray 's hipster friend hover around they . they wear tight jeans , scarve , ironic t-shirt , weird beard , the whole nine . loud music blast . the mood be crowded , boozy and festive . a tray of assort shot sit in front of they . loray downs one effortlessly ; Lamb attempt a sip . loray proudly play show - and - tell with she new '' discovery . '' loray ( cont 'd ) Lamb 's from Montana . she be home - school . the hipster shout over the jukebox , admire Lamb . hipster # 1 wow ! that 's awesome . lamb it be ? hipster # 2 it 's anti-establishment . the public school system in this country a joke . I be go to home - school my kid for sure . lamb maybe do not do that . loray Lamb have never dance . she 's not on Facebook . she 's never even see a r-rated movie . lamb I see the Passion of the Christ . hipster # 3 so basically , you have avoid so much empty , spirit-steal pop culture . ( beat ) you be lucky . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 50 . hipster # 1 right ? it 's so punk rock . lamb thanks ? loray watch she try to drink this . loray push a sweet tart toward Lamb . everyone watch Lamb as if she 's a exotic zoo animal . Lamb take a tentative sip of the vile pink concoction . her face crumple . hipster # 1 she can not do it ! hipster # 2 her face , like , repel the booze . hipster # 3 amazing . int . sceptre lounge ( another corner of the bar ) - night a hipster girl and she gay hipster friend drape a trendy fringe scarf over Lamb 's neck , tucking it fashionably . hipster girl this be so cute on you . it ’1ll cover up some of you battle damage . lamb I like it . what be it ? gay hipster friend it 's a keffiyeh . lamb a what ? hipster girl a keffiyeh . it 's a Muslim head scarf . Lamb nearly do a spit take . lamb ( choke ) Muslim ? gay hipster friend oh , do not worry ; it 's not offensive to they or anything . ( more ) 51 . gay hipster friend ( cont 'd ) this thing be so popular ; they be totally depoliticize . lamb okay . the two of they admire they handiwork . the scarf do look kind of adorable on Lamb . gay hipster friend hipster girl so cute . so cute . hipster girl phenomenal . lamb why do everyone keep say phenomenal ? a scarf be not a phenomenon of any kind . gay hipster friend on you it be . you go , baby gisele . int . sceptre lounge ( dance floor ) - night Lamb and another group of hipster be on the postage- stamp - size dance floor . everyone bop around to the Black key . Lamb bend she knee awkwardly . she do not know how to dance and she skin graft limit she movement . dancing hipster ( to friend , point at Lamb ) she be in a plane crash . dancing hipster # 2 like , a 747 ? lamb it be a single - engine plane . dancing hipster you have have a crazy life , man . loray dance over hold two can of cheap domestic Beer . she shout over the loud music . loray look . you be on a dance floor and hell have not swallow you up . Lamb look around at the dancing idiot in skinny jeans . 52 . lamb ( dry ) be you sure ? loray ha . all right . lamb hey , I just realize that we do have something in common . loray we do , huh ? lamb yes . you do not have any black friend either . loray drink you beer . she hand Lamb a beer . Lamb look at the can . the beer be call '' snowy piste '' ; the can depict a man ski down a mountain . lamb '' snowy piste . '' loray it 's ironically delicious . ( then ) oh , shit . look who come out for the first time in month . she shout toward the offend entrant . Lamb peek up over the bob head . loray ( cont 'd ) sweet William . William nod at they as he pass the doorman and maneuver himself through the crowd . Lamb see he and light up . she wave . loray seem sincerely shocked -- perhaps even a bit hurt -- by William 's arrival . loray ( cont 'd ) he never come out . never - ever -ever - ever-ever .... Lamb interrupt the drunken break record . lamb right , he do not come out . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 53 . William make he way to dance floor . he look good in he non- bartender street clothes . tough , but good . loray William , I think you be go to pick up a second shift tonight . william I change my mind , call patti. ( to Lamb ) I think loray be go to look after you . she 's get you drink '' snowy piss ? '' lamb I have not have a sip . as it turn out , I be hopeless at drink . loray grab Lamb 's beer can and shotgun it . william I could have tell you that back at the hotel . I be there for the '' schnapp-ocalypse . '' lamb I be go to go get a cup of water or something . smiling , she dash off to the bar . loray shimmy up next to William , dance . he frown at she as she do the swim . william what be you do , lor ? show - and - tell ? loray hey , she want to come here . William , she 's from , like , a religious commune . okay ? like , basement . Religious . slave . she 's never do any of this . it 's like she 's a weird - ass Disney princess that 's be lock in a tower she whole life . ( sing the Little mermaid ) '' she want to be where the people be . she want to see , want to see they dance ... '' william be that true ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 54 . loray be at the stage of tipsiness in which everything be hilarious . paraphrase Ariel : loray ( still sing ) '' she be -- what 's the word -- burned ? when 's it she tuuurn ? '' william I believe the shelter bit . she 's definitely confuse about certain custom . do you know how much money she tip I for one drink ? loray she 's country , huh ? do she put penny on the bar ? william no ... loray well , do not complain , because I do not get a tip ! she do not tip I , and I sing . from the heart ! I be a unexpected treat . before William can ask any more question , Lamb return from the bar with a soft drink . lamb would you believe I get this for free ? they say designate driver get free pop . loray what largesse . Lamb lean against the wall . though she 's try to stay energetic , she body language betray that she 's sore and tire . she touch she arm . William notice . william do you want to sit down ? lamb I be fine . ( then ) I do not see any seat , anyway . the bar be indeed pack , sweaty and seat-less . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 55 . william there 's a upstairs bar . it 's sort of not open on weeknight , but they know I here . they do not care . maybe we will just sit down for a few minute . Lamb consider this cautiously . william ( cont 'd ) be you scared of I ? lamb ( yes ) no. william I would understand if you be . lamb why , because you have a leather jacket and some tattoo ? Big deal . I know minister who look as '' tough '' as you . punk for Jesus . yeah , that 's old news . william ( take aback ) well , that guy be fake it . they be use a look to sell religion . lamb they be play a part , same as you . I do not know what you be sell , but I suspect you be as toothless as they be . william you be mean , Lamb . I think I x11 just let you suffer . lamb what ? William would never , but he 's very convincing . william you can stand here throbbing in pain . I do not care . hey , there be some nice seat in the latrine if hepatitis B be on you to - do list . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 56 . lamb ( emphatic ) take I upstairs , please . everyone turn around , surprised . int . sceptre lounge ( stairwell ) - night William gently help Lamb up the steep bar stair . she 's have trouble . lamb thanks . ( embarrassed ) I get really sore and stiff at night . I be just -- I can not move very well anymore . william I neither , but I do not have a cool , tragic excuse . I have get a hundred buck that say you can dance better than I can . as William help she , we see he discreetly returning the tip she leave he , tucking it back into she purse . she do not notice . lamb Dancing ? no . all I can do be sort of bounce up and down . william there 's nothing wrong with that . all dance be just a prelude to bounce anyway , right ? he wink . lamb ( tight -lipped ) mm-hm . Lamb 's not sure why she 's follow this guy upstairs , but it 's too late to turn back . int . sceptre lounge ( upstair bar ) - night William unhook a rope block the entrance . the upstairs bar be a quiet , empty room with a old - school big screen tv , a Christmas tree , and plenty of seating . Lamb and William sit down at a high - top table . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 57 . there 's a row of paper christmas stocking tack to the wall with employees 's name on they . lamb oh , stocking for the people who work here . that must be so fun . William can not help but smile at Lamb 's wistful enthusiasm for everyday thing . lamb ( cont 'd ) you do not have anything to drink . william I do not drink . lamb like I . william not even a little . ( then ) I do not drink anymore . I have some problem with , ah , substance , and the sale thereof . ( beat ) do some time . in prison . lamb oh . Lamb open she purse , look for something . she pull out the flier advertising '' Ryder , '' the prostitute . her face fall as she look at the image . william what be it ? lamb I get this on the street . she show he solemnly , as if it 's a rare , horrible artifact . william oh. yeah , you always see this on the Strip . kind of grim , I guess . lamb I can not stop think about she . I wish I could find she . she must be so scared , do not you think ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 58 . william ah , this be not even a real girl . this place use fake , misleading picture . ( then ) I hear . lamb the picture might be fake , and the name might be fake , but if you dial this number , a real human be show up . William scan the flier . william she do in - call as well . that mean you can also come to she ... lamb ( interrupt ) I be worried about she . William , jade , can not believe how idealistic this girl be . william you can not just go around save people . try to do that here be like that arcade game , you know , with the little mallet ? you put one devil down , another one 's just gonna pop up . lamb my religion ( catch herself ) well , I be a atheist now , but my former religion say if you can save one soul , you can save the world . Lamb be rummage in she purse . she take out she vicodin bottle and open it . she shake out three pill . shake again . nothing left . lamb ( cont 'd ) oh no . oh gosh . william what be it ? Lamb be panic . 59 . lamb some of my pill be miss . I need this . william no worry . you probably have , like , unlimited refill right ? lamb somebody steal from I . they steal medication from a burn survivor . ( then ) do you think loray would take it ? William 's guilt be suddenly compound . william no. loray would not do that . lamb I do not know she . william oh . no . she 's so good , Lamb . she 's a deeply good person . she love the Beach boy . ( serious ) I have work with she for four year ; she 's like my sister . she 's my pit wife . please do not even think for a second it be loray . you have enough for now , right ? there 's a bunch of 24 - hour pharmacy right around here . I will drive you . lamb okay . the mood have change . Lamb swallow one of she remain vicodin as William look around for something , anything , to cheer she up . he glance at the big tv . william hey , you wanna see if there 's a silly movie on or something ? lamb ( deject ) sure . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 60 . int . sceptre bar ( downstair ) - same loray be grind with a heavily beard guy . she take a swig of beer and try unsuccessfully to make out with he through he mass of facial hair . loray I can not find you mouth . int . sceptre lounge ( upstair bar ) - same William take a remote from behind the bar and turn on the big tv . he flip through the channel and find ... the classic 1960s special , rudolph the red-nose reindeer . Lamb react like a delighted child . lamb rudolph the Red nosed reindeer ! I remember this . William watch with she , equally pleased . the light flicker on they face . william of course . total classic . even I have see this and my childhood be a blur of beating and eviction . lamb I watch this like , every year when I be little . then my parent realize it leave the Christ out of Christmas , and that be the end of that . they watch for a moment . it 's the '' Island of misfit toy '' sequence , in which a haunt song be sung by imperfect toy : a polka-dotted elephant , a boat that do not float , a train with square wheel , and a lonely little rag doll ( among other ) . lamb ( cont 'd ) oh , this part be so sad . this be the misfit toy . nobody want they because they be defective . elephant ( on tv ) how would you like to be a spot elephant ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 61 . boat ( onscreen ) or a boat that can not float ? Lamb watch , she eye shine . then : william what 's wrong with the doll ? lamb I do not know . nobody want she . william seriously , though , what 's she defect ? I can see the train have square wheel . and the elephant have polka-dot . but that little doll look completely normal . what 's she do with that break toy ? we see the rag doll . she do look perfectly normal . ( this be one thing that have never make sense about the '' misfit toy '' scene . ) lamb we probably just can not see what 's wrong with she . william you think it 's under she dress or something ? Lamb be uncomfortable . her voice be strain . lamb yeah . william or ... maybe she 's perfect . lamb Nah . william maybe she 's just in the wrong place . loray emerge from the stairwell , interrupt they . she glance at the tv , drunk and dismissive . loray what be this ? gumby ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 62. William and Lamb groan at loray 's flippancy toward such a beloved show . william you do not know what this be ? loray you guy need to come downstairs immediately . some people be line dance as a joke . William fake jump out of he seat . then : william she need to rest . lamb no , I be fine now . much better . they rise and head toward the stairwell . loray continue babbling happily . loray hey William , you know that girl who always do the split ? she do it again . I be like , bitch , we get it , you can put you whole vagina on the floor . william okay . loray I be gonna fight she . william I think it 's time to switch to water . loray take a last glance at the tv and shake she head as they descend . she loudly whisper to William . loray ( 0.s. ) you take a girl upstairs and you put on cartoon ? you be a mess . ext . downtown las vega - night Lamb , William and loray walk down fremont Street , eat hot dog from a busy food truck . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 63 . loray so be dirty street meat against you religion ? Lamb be enjoy she hot dog immensely . lamb I think it could be my religion . charlie , the cute girl bartender suddenly rush up to Lamb , still wear she bar apron . charlie ( breathless ) hey , thank you so much for that tip . wow . I just want to say thanks before you take off . I really appreciate it . lamb no problem . charlie I can go to Burning man now ! lamb great . Charlie , grin , run back into the bar . William realize Lamb have leave another massive tip , but shrug it off as typical weirdness . loray what be that all about ? lamb I be really not sure . a beat as they walk . William change the subject , tick Lamb 's '' crime '' off on he finger . william so . you gamble , you drank , you dance with -- what do you call they , sodomite ? lamb yes . I fail at all three task . william you watch a movie with Santa claus. ( redneck drawl ) ( more ) 64 . william ( cont 'd ) you be wearin’ anti-amurrican clothing . he flick at the fringe on Lamb 's scarf . william ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do next ? loray she need to get turn out . lamb hm ? William shoot a annoyed look at loray . loray what ? do not tell I '' sin of the flesh '' be not part of the agenda . it should be right there in you little sanrio day planner : get laid . what else be there ? at least you have to do something dirty . lamb ( flustered ) okay . well . okay then . let 's go ...see ... goddess . loray what 's goddess ? Lamb be already blush before she even describe it . lamb you know . the adult - only show ? with the topless girl and the volcanoe ? ( sighing ) you know , where nomi perform in showgirl ? I know the stardust be not there anymore , but maybe they move the show to a different venue . loray burst out laugh . loray Lamb , showgirl be not real . okay ? it be not a documentary about Las Vegas . it be fiction . it come out of a horny dutch man 's imagination . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 65 . lamb I know ! I just think maybe goddess be real . the character of nomi , she make such a big deal about be in it . william that 's perfectly understandable . I think it be real myself . loray ( die ) William , you do not . william I do . I have look for it . checked every marquee . lamb all right , I be a idiot . I 'ma gullible idiot from the prairie . where do we go next , then ? loray back to paradise , baby ! lamb I think we hate paradise . I think paradise be process cheese and dumb fountain , etcetera . william after hour be when the employee come out to play . loray we know everyone , and everyone love we . we can go wherever we want and we money be no good . lamb um , I sort of need to find a pharmacy first . I take medication . for my pain . and somebody steal most of it . loray glance at William . a cold , disappointed glance , but brief enough that Lamb do not notice . Lamb turn to loray . lamb ( cont 'd ) do you think it could be one of you friend ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 66 . loray ( sadly ) possibly . william I will take you , Lamb . loray , come on . I do not want you drive . loray it 's fine . i’1l get a cab . ( accusingly ) you take she to the drug store , William . i’1l catch you later . she begin to walk away from they rather suddenly . william you sure ? loray yeah , yeah , I need some breathe room . it 's like shawarma and liquor be have a ufc fight in my stomach . i’1ll see you guy on the Strip . william okay . Lamb , high on life and be '' cool '' , flash the peace sign . lamb later ! peace out . loray roll she eye . ext . walgreens parking lot - night William wait behind the wheel of he toyota . Lamb run out of the 24 - hour Walgreen clutching a paper bag from the pharmacy . she slide into the front seat cheerfully . lamb phew . that be not so hard . they have it right there in the computer . he watch she gobble down a couple of pill with a bit too much enthusiasm . william good , great . ( then ) ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 67 . william ( cont 'd ) hey , can I ask you a sensitive question ? lamb yes ? william you know that prescription pain killer be extremely addictive , right ? lamb I have very serious injury . william no . I know . I know . I be just say that this be , sadly , my area of expertise . I happen to know that certain control substance , such as this one , can cause a dependency . even when people do not set out to abuse they . Lamb be crumpling the bag irritably . lamb I know all this . I spend six month in a hospital . I be not some pill - abuse druggie criminal like the people you might know from '' the joint . '' william Lamb . she see how serious he be . william ( cont 'd ) it 's not something a person can always help . even if they be the most well - meaning , most responsible , nicest , loveliest person in the world and they be name after a baby farm animal . Lamb look away . william ( cont 'd ) I know people who have be so hook on that stuff that they have do anything to get it . Gross thing . really bad thing , not fake - fun-bad like what you be do here . 68 . lamb look , I know you guy think what I be do here be so funny , but you have no idea how serious it be to I . be here tonight go against every belief that 's be instill in I . it 's like bend a bone backwards . I be try to smile and have fun and let go , but I feel like I be go to snap . william if it make you feel better , it 's not just you . everyone who come to Vegas be testing the tensile strength of they conscience . lamb well , when do it get fun ? I just want to have fun . how be this something people enjoy ? bar be not fun . that bar smell like the flu . and that dumb slot machine be not fun . it take my money and just say '' bar . '' great , I just pay ten dollar for a machine to tell I where I be . it 's not fun , William . I just want to do something that 's fun for I . William consider what might be fun for Lamb . william hm. ext . manhattan express roller coaster ( to establish ) - night the huge roller coaster loom over the Strip . int . new york new york HOTEL ( roller coaster ) - night Lamb , William and loray wait in line for the roller coaster . loray 's arm be cross and she 's piss off . Lamb , however , look thrilled . lamb now this be wild and crazy , you guy ! william ( humoring she ) I know . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 69 . lamb they do not have a roller coaster at creation land . I have never be on one . be not you guy excited ? loray no. lamb loray , I think you might be type D. loray what the hell be type D ? lamb you do not know ? it mean depressed . loray maybe it 's just late on a Monday and I be tired of be you magical negro . lamb what ? william oh , boy . loray the '' magical negro '' be , uh , a narrative convention in which a black person use they special black wisdom to help a dumb white person . we learn all about it in film school . ghost , Green mile , bagger vance . all magical negroe . william except you be not wise or magical . loray burp . loray yes I be ! Lamb , do not I say a lot of thing that make you go , '' wow , loray just tell I ! she 's so insightful . '' lamb yes . loray that 's extremely racist . 70 . lamb I be sorry . william ( to loray ) let 's face it . you be no bagger vance . loray shut up . william bagger vance be immortal . he do not age . loray no , that 's just what will Smith look like . william no , the character do not age . lamb what be the right answer ? what be I suppose to say . William try to put a friendly arm around loray , but she shrug he off , annoyed . now we can see she 's really mad , and not about the bagger vance thing . int . roller coaster platform - night William , Lamb and loray stand behind the automated airgate as the coaster train arrive in the station . william look , Lamb . there 's a spot open at the front . take it . Lamb hesitates , peer at the front car . lamb but then I have to sit next to a strange man in a cowboy outfit . william this be you first ride . you gotta have the front so you can feel the bug hit you tooth . Lamb look again at she fellow passenger . 71 . lamb the cowboy outfit have no ... behind part . loray aw . baby 's first assless chap . do not worry . you do not have to talk to he . git. Lamb boldly jog to the front of the coaster train . the airgate open . loray be stick riding with William . she look away as they climb into the train and pull down the restraint . william why be you mad at I ? loray you know why . the roller coaster lurch out of the station . william do not be like this . loray it 's bad enough that you steal pain relief from a girl who 's hold together with bandage and chew gum . but it 's even worse that you be up she ass all night . the whole '' white knight '' routine you do . helping she up that dark stairwell . bring she here -- you know we be never catch dead do this tacky shit ! and you be flirt with she . make she feel pretty . it 's cruel . william she be pretty . loray obviously , yes , but she 's pretty like the playboy mansion . look like a dream , but you do not want to pull up the carpet . the coaster ascend the lift hill . loray ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? 72 . william ( defensive ) I do not know , I feel like it tonight . my sponsor say I can not stay in forever and I think it be time . loray time . I bet it 's time . you be here because you find a blonde virgin with a purse full of dope . william lor , I have not break any promise . I have be stay out of trouble . loray '' trouble '' be up there next to the naked cowboy , and you be act like you would rather get in it . william I know this be hard to believe , come from I . but I would never take advantage of she . loray ha . yes , it be hard to believe come from you . the man they call '' William the conqueror . '' '' fill ’em will ’em . '' '' Bill the Butcher '' ... william loray , I would never . not she . I would not take that from she . loray do not you already take something from she ? a moment of silence . loray look off toward the side of the lift hill . they be almost 200 foot above the Strip . William reach for loray 's hand . she 's confuse for a moment . when William let go , loray open she palm . he 's surreptitiously hand she fourteen vicodin pill . william they be all there . I do not take a single one . I mean , yes , I take they out of she purse about four minute after I meet she . but I do not take they . ( more ) 73 . william ( cont 'd ) I have think about they nonstop since they have come into my possession , but I have not take one . there 's a moment of relieved silence for loray . then : loray what do you expect I to do with this ? you know I prefer crack . william I do not know . we will give they back to she and she 'il hate I and I ’1l1 have a pathetic story for my next na meeting . loray no . I like how she look at you . she look at you like you be a good person and not a total jagoff . william I know . but I can not let she think you steal it . loray I do not care . let 's protect she from something . she 's gotta hang on to some of that sweetness . as the train crest the lift hill , loray toss the handful of tiny white pill over the side . william what be you do ? loray do she best meterologist impression . loray tonight 's Clark County forecast call for scattered flurry . William watch the pill disappear . william merry Christmas , asshole . loray open you damn mouth ! the train plunge into the roller coaster 's spaghetti-like mass of steel track . 74 . ext . las vega strip - night Lamb 's head be hang between she knee . william hey . hey . you go to be okay ? they be stand on the still - busy sidewalk . Lamb downplay she nausea and discomfort . lamb yes . I be phenomenal . she stand up . we see a spot of blood on the elbow of she cardigan . loray you be bleed . lamb ( downplay ) I think I bump my elbow go around one of that turn . William pull up the sleeve of the cardigan . Lamb recoil from this violation of privacy . lamb ( cont 'd ) stop it . the elbow of Lamb 's compression garment be soaked in blood . loray wince and look away . william you be hurt . lamb it 's my skin graft . William be try to stay calm . william can they re-graft it ? Lamb pull away from he angrily . lamb yeah , at a special clinic in Minnesota for human-jerky . I told you I be a mess . I tell you . nobody ever believe I . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) william you be not a mess . it 's not a big deal . you just need to take it easy . chill at the hotel . lamb chill ? I be tired of '' take it easy . '' I have be take it easy for two year now and I feel like I be rotting alive . loray from a scientific standpoint , we be all rotting alive . lamb my gosh , I never think about it that way . you be so wise . on loray : owned . william I think you have have enough fun for the night . we need to patch you up . Lamb be clutching she bleed elbow . lamb enough fun my skinless ass ! it 's easy for you to say '' enough '' and to '' take it easy '' , because you already get to do everything you want . you already get to screw up and disappoint you whole family . on William : sadly , this be true . lamb ( cont 'd ) you have get that line on you face and that silver in you hair because you live . now it 's my turn . william I be a dirtbag . you do not want to be like I . lamb ( through tear ) yes I do . 76 . loray you be lucky you have a nice life . I know you resent all the Jesus stuff and not be allow to wear short and the fact that they make you practice the recorder every day . lamb the flute . loray but there be worse thing than be protect . have someone care where you go and what happen to you . we can see that loray have wish for this very thing . William glance at she protectively . loray ( cont 'd ) people in you family be probably look for you right now . nobody 's look for I in year . the last time someone google I , there be no Google . they have to Alta vista that shit . Lamb look up at loray , still hold she elbow . loray ( cont 'd ) also , I be not the one bleed on the street right now . you have live , all right ? all right , plane crash ? you live , you die , and now you be live again . you be a lot harder than most of this clown . she gesture to the late night reveler on the street . william let 's get you to the hospital . lamb do not bother . they 'il just wrap it in some gauze and parade I around in front of the mo student . I hate when people treat I like I be some kind of curiosity . loray glance at William . guilty . 77 . lamb ( cont 'd ) I be just go to go back to my hotel . william you be not go alone . lamb why not ? I take a taxi from the airport . I know what I be do . loray let William take you back . William look at loray , surprised . loray nod . loray ( cont 'd ) he 's the best guy when you need take care of . once I get food poisoning at work and he guard the door to the woman 's bathroom for six hour . William smile at this awful - yet-touch memory . loray ( cont 'd ) he 's not perfect . i’1l tell you no lie . but he ’1ll get you home in one piece . or whatever piece you have get leave . Lamb giggle through the pain . loray ( cont 'd ) you can trust he . with that , she extend she bless . William 's gratitude be evident . loray 's respect mean a lot to he . Lamb consider it . ext . las vega strip ( corner ) - night William flag a cab . loray wait with Lamb on the sidewalk . a taxi appear and pull up to the curb . William give loray a friendly hug and a peck . william ( to loray ) good night , sweetie . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 78 . loray see you in the pit . William gesture for Lamb to enter the cab . she hesitates . lamb you go ahead . I want to say goodbye to loray . William shrug and hop in , leave loray and Lamb on the sidewalk . lamb ( cont 'd ) it be truly a pleasure to meet you . I know we time together be short , but I value it . loray it be something meeting you , too . ( then ) hey , look , I be sorry I tease you about all that sex stuff . I could tell it upset you . it be pretty insensitive of I . lamb oh , sheesh , it 's fine . it 's not like I be a virgin . loray uh , what ? Lamb be shockingly casual . lamb I have have sex . of course . ( explain ) I have sexual relation with pastor Rick , or just '' Rick '' as he ask I to call he during that fateful youth retreat . I have be attract to he for a while and I succumb to baser urge . look back , I can see that it be a abuse of power on he part , but what 's do be do ... loray 's like what the fuck ? lamb ( cont 'd ) do not tell I you be surprised . you think fundamentalist Christians do not have sex ? ( more ) 79 . lamb ( cont 'd ) ha , everyone have sex . it 's the one thing they have not figure out how to control . loray I just think ... lamb even the church leader do it . sometimes they get catch with other man , even ! do not you read the news ? she hop into the cab , shrugging cheerfully despite she injury . loray prevent she from shutting the car door . loray wait . what 's go to happen to you ? lamb you do not care . loray let 's pretend I do . lamb I do not know . loray well , I know you think Las Vegas be kind of a bust . but this be all make- believe . it 's fake , like goddess . Lamb smile . loray ( cont 'd ) if you still want to be a regular american , like you say ? Lamb nod . loray ( cont 'd ) I think you need to go see America . Lamb take in this advice . then : lamb hey , you know how you say no one ever come look for you ? that nobody care where you be ? 80 . loray yeah ? lamb well , I follow you into the bathroom . and then I follow you downtown and , well , I gotta say ... more people should come look for you . they have find some amazing thing . Lamb reach , painfully , to shut the cab door . loray intercept , close it gently and wave goodbye to she '' Disney princess . '' int . planet hollywood - lobby William and Lamb enter the lobby . William be hold Lamb 's injure elbow . they look cozy . yet another group of adorable young college girl walk by . they be not '' bad girl '' ; they be just have the time of they life . they carry drink and laugh . Lamb watch they enviously . this be the normal life she dream of . Three of they cluster together for a photo while one hold up she camera phone . girl with camera say it with I , guy ...1-2-3... ( everyone together ) phenom-enal ! Lamb turn to William suddenly . lamb where do you think they be go ? William be dismissive . derisive , even . william I do not know . there 's a nightclub at this hotel that all the '' trixies '' and '' chad '' seem to love . they be probably go there . lamb I want to go to the club . william I do not think that 's one of the recommend step in wound care . 81 . lamb just for a minute . just for one minute so I can see . william it 's not you . it 's loud and crowded and it 's full of disgusting aggressive people who will try to put they ... private part ... against you ... rear end . lamb you do not have to mince word around I , William . you can say butt . look , I say '' butt '' and hell do not swallow I up . a cry bride stomp past , hold up she soile hem . william you sure about that ? lamb let 's go . william okay . lamb ( surprised ) okay ? okay ! she clutches she elbow in pain , grin . int . planet hollywood HOTEL ( club entrance ) - night a long line of clubgoer snake out of a huge , high - concept Vegas hotel nightclub . William move easily to the front of the line , exchange pleasantry with the door guy , and usher Lamb in . int . club - night the interior of the club be a dark labyrinth . there be beautiful half - naked girl dance everywhere in eden -themed fig leaf ensemble . the music be bone - jarringly loud . Lamb keep one hand on William 's shoulder as he cut through the crowd . she 's never see this many people cramme into one place . 82 . they finally emerge at the CENTER of the club . it 's the time of night when drunk and drugge people completely lose they mind . it 's so loud that William can not speak to Lamb , and vice versa . he simply gesture as if to say , '' here we be . '' Lamb 's expression be hard to read . her face be solemn . there be club kide go wild all around they . Lamb be surround by mayhem and indecency . William be concerned . have he go too far ? a tinsel cannon go off , spew silver tinsel into the air . it pour down on the cheer crowd . Lamb can not move , but she smile . she start laugh . it 's the happiest William have see she . int . planet hollywood HOTEL - elevator Lamb and William be stand in the corner of a OPEN elevator , about to ride up to she floor . Lamb 's hair be full of tinsel . suddenly , two of the frat guy we see when Lamb first arrive run to make the elevator . one shove he hand between the close door ; they both hop in . they eye be bloodshot ; they be clearly mess up on some kind of disco biscuit . lamb hi , guy ! the two guy freeze , horrify . frat guy # 1 ( under he breath ) oh shit , it 's the narc . it 's the narc , man ! lamb no , silly , narc report to I . I be a feed , remember ? the guy back away . lamb ( cont 'd ) this be my partner , Officer cha . William play along flawlessly . william good evening , boy . or should I say , good morning ! my , you seem wide awake at such a wee hour . 83 . frat guy # 1 ( twitching ) we drank a lot of coffee . Energy drink . william Energy drink . lamb you pupil be unusually large . I better get my eye flashlight . the frat guy be wildly stabbing the '' open door '' button . william very strange indeed , Officer krupke . say , do you mind if I ask where you purchase that drink ? frat guy # 2 we have to go . the two guy dash off the elevator . William look at Lamb , amused . william how long have you be here ? lamb only a few hour , I swear . int . HOTEL room - 3:00 a.m. Lamb and William enter Lamb 's suite . William be surprised by its size . william this be some room . do they comp you or something ? lamb I have a coupon . this seem a unlikely explanation , but William let it go . lamb ( cont 'd ) I be plan to stay here for a while anyway . William look around the immaculate suite . he see Lamb 's clothing . her Obama book . her flute in its case . then he see Lamb 's dish sit in a neat stack . 84 . william what 's with the dish ? Lamb sigh . lamb I bring my own dish from home . I do not know why people find this so strange ! ( exasperate ) I have to let go of a lot of prejudice and fear to come to Las Vegas , so I do not know why it 's such a big deal that I have want to have my own tableware . I should have something familiar . hotel be notoriously dirty . william it 's fine . I be just wonder . you know , hotel comforter be suppose to be the worst . Lamb eye the pattern bedspread warily . lamb really ? william yeah , they do not wash they and they be allegedly cover in se ... ( correct himself ) cigar ... ette ash . lamb should I take it off ? william sure . Lamb pull the comforter off the bed and onto the floor . there 's something awkward about discuss the bed . lamb you do not have to come all the way to my room . I could have find my way up from the lobby . william I see that you can take care of yourself . you have already use some kind of mind trick on that bros in the elevator . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 85 . lamb well , that 's a bit like hypnotize chicken . ( off he blank look ) easy . William sit down on the desk chair . william so when you say you would be stay here for a while , how long do you mean ? lamb I do not know . I just do not want to go back to billing . william there be other place on the good - time continuum between billing and the Vegas Strip . lamb I be figure that out . william hm . you know , I think you would love Chicago . lamb where be you from ? william Chicago . Lamb smile . william ( cont 'd ) since I be never go to see you again , you should know -- you have a right to know -- that I be the one who steal you vicodin . I fished they right out of you bag . lamb abhh ... we think she 's go to protest . lamb ( cont 'd ) .-- bviously . william how do you know that ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 86 . lamb I leave my purse with you and you be a recover drug addict . my mom always say that when people tell you who they be , you should listen . William nod : fair enough . lamb ( cont 'd ) I mean , I understand . I be not without my vice . I be totally addict to -- well , you know that vanilla sandwich cookie , with the creme fill ? I love they . if you have a big bag of that cookie , boy , when you be not look ? I would eat a couple . maybe I have eat 10 . my flesh be weak . she 's anything but weak , and William know that . william I doubt that . lamb no , I 'il admit it . I love vanilla sandwich cookie . ( quietly , almost whisper ) and also vicodin . william what ? Lamb whisper again , this time closer to he . he nod . william ( cont ’d ) I think you can get the situation under control . the cookie , I mean . Lamb look worried and self - conscious . obviously , he 's not talk about the cookie . lamb I do not know . william if you need help , there be lot of counselor that specialize in creme - fill dessert . no big whoop . but personally ? I think there probably be not anything you can not do . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 87 . lamb William , I mean no offense . but be you try to get into my surgical support hose ? william no . this be not to say I would not . I would . Lamb blushes . william ( cont 'd ) I would ! I love support hose . I would peel ‘em right off . throw they around my head like a lasso . Lamb burst out laugh despite be totally scandalize . william ( cont 'd ) I think I should go . I understand if you do not want to exchange email or whatever . or regular address . you do live on a street , right ? lamb rural Route 13 . and do not go . william ( surprised ) what ? lamb do not go . william I lie to you . I be a liar and a addict just another Vegas lose cause . why do you keep trust I ? lamb it 's a very potent act to put you faith in someone who 's lose they faith in themselves . william yeah , I guess it be . Lamb seem to have a epiphany . lamb will you help I with something that might seem weird ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 88 . william what have we be do all night ? int . HOTEL room - 3:30 a.m. Lamb sit on she bed and pick up the room phone . we can not see who she 's call . William linger supportively . lamb ( on phone ) hi. I have a question . my name be Lamb . ( calmly ) no , actually I be not a prostitute . ext . cheetah strip club - 4:00 a.m. dusk approach . Lamb , still in she bloody cardigan and jeans , approach the cheesy , neo -classical facade of the cheetah gentleman' club . William be apprehensive about this plan . william I be go in with you , of course . lamb certainly not . I have to go alone . william what ? I be come in ! lamb you can not do that . william why ? be this a religious thing ? you do not trust I , do you ? I do not blame you if you do not . lamb ( interrupt ) I trust you ! it 's just that I will die of embarrassment if I have to enter this temple of Jezebel with a guy that I like ! william oh. ( pleased ) oh. 89 . Lamb walk toward the club . she offer the cover charge to one of the two bouncers . he wave she in wordlessly . she look small and vulnerable as she duck through the doorway . bouncer # 1 I gotta call my daughter . int . cheetah strip club - same Lamb enter . the vibe at a strip club at 4:00 am be a strange one . some of the girl be cash out . there be girl onstage , girl leave . Lamb scan the room . a baby -face , Michael cera-esque manager approach she . manager hi , do you need a application ? a stripper in a dowdy puffer coat , ugg and a Chicago bear hat head for the door , count a wad of bill . manager ( cont 'd ) justice ? what do I say about no street clothes on the work floor ? justice sorry , Bernard . she saunter out of the club , roll she eye . manager it really ruin the illusion . thanks . ( to Lamb ) sorry . hi . lamb I be look for someone . the manager sigh . manager be you hear to make trouble ? collect a real or imagine debt ? choke a bitch out ? Lamb reach into she purse and slip a bill into the manager 's hand . she shake it firmly . lamb peace be with you . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 90 . manager oh. merry Christmas . ( look at the bill ) please enjoy the club . int . cheetah strip club ( MAIN floor ) - same Lamb cross the club floor . it 's a sad place that mask its sadness with colorful light and thumping music . Lamb look at one of the dancer and realize : it 's stripper # 3 from the airport baggage claim . the girl meet Lamb 's gaze ; she recognize she , vaguely , but be too fuck up on something or other to register much . Lamb wave and continue across the floor . she follow two girl up a stairway and through a open door . int . cheetah strip club ( dressing room ) - same Lamb cautiously enter the large , grimy dressing room . she brighten immediately . she 's find the person she be look for : a tired brunette in she mid-thirty , check she makeup in the mirror . she wear a Santa Claus bikini . lamb hello . be you Ryder ? '' Ryder '' have to think about that one . ryder huh ? uh , yeah . yeah , I be Ryder . what do you want ? she look around as if expect some kind of ambush . Lamb hold up a familiar , crumpled yellow paper . lamb I call the number on the flier . Ryder take a plastic brush out of she purse and begin brush the matte end of she hair extension . ryder I be not work tonight . Lamb begin pick soile costume and dress up off the floor . she brushes they off and start hang they neatly on a nearby rack . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 91 . lamb I know . the agency tell I . I ask where I could find you , and they say you dance here . ryder they be not suppose to give out that information . Lamb fold a bikini bottom and set it on the counter . lamb I know . I be afraid I lie . I tell they I be you babysitter and there be a emergency . Ryder bristle , alarmed . ryder how do you know about my kid ? lamb I do not . ryder do a guy put you up to this or something ? I can do couple , but it cost extra . lamb oh no , it 's just I . Lamb pick up a can of disinfectant and spray it liberally all over the room . ryder why be you clean ? lamb I just like thing to be nice . Ryder be straddle the nasty old '' boudoir '' chair in she thin bikini bottom . ryder I get it . I be weird about germ too . ( somehow , we doubt this . ) a prolong silence . then : Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 92. ryder ( cont 'd ) I be suppose to be in the jell -o pit in ten minute . lamb I would like to pay you for you time . be there somewhere we can speak privately . int . strip club ( jacuzzi ) - twenty minute later Lamb and Ryder soak they foot in a nasty old jacuzzi in the strip club dress room . Lamb 's support hose be off . the water bubbles around they ankle . lamb so this be nice ! ryder ( not really ) yeah . lamb okay , here 's the thing : I ’ma Christian . and a big part of that , at least ideally , be reach out to people . where there be charity , there be God . Ryder have be proselytize at before . ryder oh no . no offense , but I hate all that religious stuff . lamb wait . listen , I know what it 's like to not believe in anything . you see my scar ? ryder yeah . no offense , that 's bust . lamb I be in a plane that go down . the boy who be court I -- my boyfriend , I guess you would call he -- he be a pilot in the Air Force . it be we first date without a chaperone , and he decide to take I up . he be very experience , but ... Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 93 . ryder do he get as mess up as you ? Lamb smile . the jacuzzi shut off and the water stagnate . lamb he get lucky . ryder not a scratch , huh ? lamb no , he die . this matter - of- fact statement reveal how truly difficult Lamb 's recovery have be . ryder hard to believe in God after that . lamb you say it , Ryder ! that 's be my whole crisis . my cross to bear if you will pardon the expression . I know you do not like '' religious stuff . '' ryder s'fine . lamb but if that have not happen - the pain , the operation , the skin graft , everything -- I would not have be able to come here . I would not have come to this incredibly spiritual city . I would not have make new friend that I could not have find anywhere else in the world . I would not have meet William ... ryder ( interrupt ) you think Vegas be spiri-chall ? lamb technically , this be paradise . ryder whatever . you hook up with some guy and now you believe in God again ? girl , you be just dickmatize . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 94 , lamb no . I know it seem strange to suffer so much pain for just the tiniest flash of beauty -- but it 's fair . I do not know how , but it add up . the world be tip in favor of goodness . that 's how I know someone be there . I can not see he , or she , or it , but I know . I can feel his hand on the scale , make thing even out . give we life worth . Ryder make a face that ( somewhat ) approximate a smile . ryder my time be almost up . Lamb stand up , wince a little . the usual morning pain . she walk over to she purse and take out a massive roll of bill . ryder ( cont 'd ) do not hand it to I . just leave it on the side of the tub . Ryder look at Lamb and realize that she 's peel off multiple hundre dollar bill . ryder ( cont 'd ) hey , I say a hundred . lamb I be give you five grand in cash , and write you a much bigger check as well . I know you guy do not take check , but I promise I be good for it . ryder be this a joke ? Lamb be write a check with a pink ballpoint pen . she do not even look up as she explain herself . lamb there be a problem with the plane . Major mechanical failure . we family -- my family and micah 's family -- they sue and win . I be worth like , eight million ? she place the check and the cash on the side of the jacuzzi tub , as if it do not matter if it fall in or get soggy . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) lamb ( cont 'd ) I think people expect I to give it to my church , but I have some other idea . maybe I 'il be like ... a travel ministry . people be always say '' oh , if I have million of dollar , I would help people . '' well now , I be that person . ryder be this a reality show ? lamb no . ryder then why ? lamb sometimes a little ripple can affect a big change , like ... she quickly amend Melanie 's favorite say , glance at the hot tub . lamb ( cont 'd ) like , uh , like that jet in the tub . just shoot out a little air . Ryder look confuse . then : ryder it 's a good thing you pick I . because this other girl -- man ! some of they would just blow it all on junk or clothes or whatever . not I . ( rambling ) I be go to get some thing for my boy . my one son 's birthday be the day after Christmas , so . she gather up the money . lamb that must have be a great present . ryder yeah . why do you pick I , anyway ? lamb I get the flier . I see you picture . I like you face . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 96 . Ryder see the huge figure on the check and gasp in disbelief . she look up at Lamb like '' be you serious ? '' ryder that picture 's 10 year old . I do not even look like that anymore . lamb but it 's still you . do not say that . ( fierce ) it 's still you . Lamb suddenly lunge forward and hug Ryder , who resist , she arm and leg lock . Ryder have forget how to hug . but she let Lamb do it anyway . passively , charitably , she allow the hug . Lamb exhales , shudder , into Ryder 's sun-damaged bosom . her eye be shut tight . ryder you be give I one thing to not screw up . lamb as long as you try . that 's all . int . cheetah strip club - night as Lamb head down the staircase adjacent to the main stage , she pause . she reach into she purse and toss a handful of cash into the air . it drift gracefully down onto the floor . the stripper freak out . blonde stripper Holy crap ! airport stripper this be benjamin ! chubby stripper bloody elbow 's make it rain ! crawling stripper ( pockete bill ) thank you , Jesus . she cross herself and pray quietly . Lamb watch for a beat . then she hurry out the door of the club . 97 . ext . cheetah strip club - same the sky be grow light . Lamb walk across the mostly empty parking lot toward William . one of the bouncer call out to she , concerned . bouncer hey , where you go ? Lamb turn to face he , stumbling backwards . she open she arm to embrace the world . lamb everywhere . William take she glove hand . they walk off into the dawn . ext . las vega strip - dawn it 's a grey early morning . Williams hand be covering Lamb 's eye . he remove they , revealing ... the excalibur castle that capture Lamb 's imagination when she first arrive . lamb ( pleased ) the castle ! finally . william do you like buffet ? Lamb briefly recall she bad buffet encounter . then : lamb I love they . int . excalibur rooftop - sunrise Lamb sit on the roof , watch the sun rise among the fake castle turret . William appear with two plate . Lamb 's have mickey mouse pancakes , which she notice with delight . William settles in and take in the sunrise . Lamb lean in suddenly and kiss he . William be startle , but he do not resist . lamb thank you . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 98 . william yes , I have do so much for you . lamb I be sorry about the bar , when I say you be not scary . I lie . I be terrify . here , feel this . she put he hand near she heart . william that 's not fear . lamb you do not think ? william no . lamb it 's be a couple of year since my heart race for any good reason . william now it 's you turn . they kiss again . and we leave they , look out onto the waking city ... int . HOTEL room - day Lamb return to she hotel room alone , look dreamy . smiling , she pack she suitcase again , toss everything in with uncharacteristic recklessness . before she exit , she take one last look at the now sun - fill room . she rise onto she tiptoe and sink . up and down . up and down again . it 's a strange little bounce . her arm swing . could it be ? Lamb be ... dancing . int . planet hollywood HOTEL ( front desk ) - day Lamb approach the reservation desk , she bag in tow . clerk check out ? lamb yes. 1427 . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 99 . she slide over she key . the clerk type on the computer . his demeanor change to one of recognition / annoyance . clerk 1427 . do you happen to check you message upstairs ? lamb I do not see any message . clerk when you phone blink , it mean you have message . lamb sorry . I be not in my room a lot . ( winking ) Vegas . clerk well , you have 17 message . lamb 17 ? clerk a Doug mannerheim . then Melanie mannerheim . then Melanie and Doug together , cry and sing hymn . then Melanie again . pretty much off and on like that for hour on end . eventually she be just like , '' hi sweetie , it 's just I , mel . '' ( beat ) she 's crazy . Lamb be touch . loray be right . lamb sorry about that . she sign for the room , tip the clerk and head for the exit . the clerk look at the tip ? clerk hey , what do you play ? do you shoot crap ? lamb ( leave ) pardon I ! Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 100 . ext . mannerheim house - night music up : a Christmas carol a cab from a rural taxi company drive up the isolate country road to the mannherheim 's house . from a distance , we see Lamb exit the car . a dishevel Lamb head up the snow - cover front walk . the house be light -up and look cozy and invite . she pause to look at the big , illumnate nativity scene by the front entrance . yes , it 's plastic and tacky . but it 's also touch . Lamb smile sadly at the baby Jesus doll tethere to the manger with a bike lock . Lamb open the front door . Melanie be pass through the kitchen with a cup of cocoa . she wear glass and sweatpant and look adorably frumpy compare to she glamorous '' church look . '' she turn and see Lamb . melanie oh thank God . Melanie and Lamb rush toward each other . Melanie sweep Lamb into she arm , she first word summing up every mother 's chief anxiety : melanie ( cont ’d ) be you hurt ? be you hurt ? Lamb 's face be muffle against she mother 's shoulder . they be both in tear . lamb no ... I be happy . Doug hurry down the stair in pajamas . doug be she in pain ? melanie she say she 's happy . Doug 's relief turn to anxiety in a instant . doug ( worried ) oh no . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 101 . int . live room - night Melanie and Doug sit on the couch near the Christmas tree . Lamb sit in a chair face they . Melanie be rapidly tapping she foot on the floor . melanie you go to talk first ? lamb if you do not mind ... Melanie 's reply be machine - gun rapid . melanie ha , of course I do not mind . I ’ma very generous listener ; you know I . all - ear mel . she bite she lip impatiently . lamb what I do in church -- it be wrong . disrespectful . I have a problem with people shouting they belief at I , but then I go and do the same in turn . doug everyone understand that you have be through a trial . lamb but they must have be upset . doug people try to talk . but you mother would not let they get away with it . she would defend you through anything . Lamb look at Melanie . Melanie look down . lamb ( touch ) really , Mom ? melanie ( quiet ) yes , duh . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 102 . doug you commite apostasy . be you prepare to repent before God and the community ? lamb no . Doug and Melanie be startle by this . lamb ( cont 'd ) ... not before the community . this be between I and God . I know you love you church , but right now I do not need the stadium - seating and the Teen Club and Christian talent night . there 's nothing wrong with that thing , but I want to know who I be and what I believe away from all of it . just I , flesh and bone . Melanie and Doug take this in . then : melanie well , you be a just a little too old for Teen Club ... lamb that 's not my point . I want to go out in the world and act on it . if you stay in a place where everyone think and act the same as you , it 's just a echo-chamber for Jesus . doug ( miss the point ) I think the new carpete really cut down that echo . melanie Lamb , you may not realize this , but I can be bit of a maverick myself . remember that sermon about the danger of yoga and how it subtly encourage the worship of false god ? well , I think that be a bunch of bunk . I go ahead and join a yoga class at the gym . I have be go regularly . what do you think of that ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 103 . lamb good for you , Mom . melanie I just change it up a little in my mind . Sun salutation become God salutation . down Dog be down Satan , and so forth . doug we be not stuffy , honey . we be open to hearing about you new belief as long as they be still extremely conservative . lamb ( carefully ) dad ... I disagree with many of the thing I have be teach . heavy silence from Melanie and Doug . doug certain thing be not a matter of agreement or consent . some thing be just God 's word -- lamb ( heat ) or you interpretation thereof -- doug Christ speak directly into the heart of we leader . lamb like pastor Rick ? melanie ( interrupt ) hey ! Lamb and Doug look at Melanie . her sharp tone imply that maybe she 's not totally ignorant of the pastor Rick incident . melanie ( cont 'd ) I know there 's one thing God hate and that 's sharpen tongue in the home . so let 's just throttle down here and save the argue for a appropriate time , like tomorrow . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 104 . lamb just -- just let I show you guy this one thing . you be not go to like it , but just promise I you will not judge . doug ( suspicious ) what be it ? lamb this be important to I . try to be open-minded . int . mannerheim house ( live room ) - minute later the light be low . the mannherheim watch rudolph the red- nosed reindeer on the big tv . it 's near the end . Melanie and Doug be tight - lipped with disapproval , as if they have be force to watch something racy . doug where do you get this ? lamb the airport , on my way back . ( then ) it remind I of a nice time . melanie you childhood , huh ? lamb sure . they watch for a few beat . melanie this be not so bad , I suppose . it 's clean . Doug seem surprisingly approve . doug you know , at least it celebrate Christmas . ( sanctimonious ) not kwanzaa or ramadan lamb that remind I . I get this really cool scarf on my trip . ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 105 . lamb ( cont 'd ) it would look great on you . I have like you to have it . doug really ? thanks , honey . Lamb be completely straight - face . lamb you should wear it to church . doug I will . Lamb snuggle up between she parent . there be certain thing that will divide they forever . but for now , they be together and Lamb be safe . then . melanie be you leave , Lamb ? Lamb stare at the screen . the misfit toy , finally appreciate , be be drop from Santa 's sleigh into the outstretch arm of child . lamb this be something I need to do . int . imperial palace ( bar ) - night music up : a upbeat party song Close on a postcard from Chicago with a photo of the blue brother . '' greeting from the windy City ! '' reveal William behind the bar . he read the postcard for a moment . then , he carefully tape it to the wall above he cash register . there be five other card already affix to the wall : New York . Hollywood . Austin , Texas . New Orleans . Walt Disney World . loray sidle up to the busy bar in she sequine '' dealer - tainer '' finery . William turn around . loray another postcard , huh ? the girl get around . william she 's on a mission from god. ( then ) I can not believe they even find they way here . ( more ) 106 . william ( cont 'd ) the address just say '' William and loray , Imperial Palace , paradise , nevada . '' loray we have work here so long we be on the National registry of historic sucker . william at least you be graduate soon . though loray shrug this off , we see a glimmer of pride in she eye . loray with my lucrative B.A. in complain about cinema . ( then ) so where be she now ? Chicago ? william she be , for a time . the she go back to Montana to make thing right with she folk . sound like it go fairly well . ( casual ) she mention she might want to give Las Vegas another chance . loray I see you try to not smile . look at that . you be like a seventh - grade girl . William turn away , refilling a customer 's pint glass . william I be not smile . loray try to catch he in the act as he bob and weave to avoid she . loray yeah , right ! I see you cheese back there . careful , you might pull a muscle . the emcee have take the stage . loray finish she drink . loray ( cont 'd ) I be up . 107 . william break one . emcee lady and gentleman , the Imperial Palace be proud to present the musical styling of we deal diva , loray ! loray take the mic . loray I think you be go to like this one . it swing . she nod to the band . we hear the tinkling open note of '' would not it be Nice ? '' by the Beach boy . loray begin to sing in she sweet , clear voice . loray ( cont 'd ) would not it be nice if we be older ... the crowd respond favorably , applaud as loray bounce around the casino with the mic . this be the musical '' happy medium '' she 's be look for . William watch she with admiration and affection . CUT to : int . airplane - day Lamb sit in the window seat of a airborne jet . she look more confident and assure than we have ever see she . no longer hide in shapeless garment , she wear the clothes a '' normal '' 22 - year - old woman would wear . skinny jeans , a hoodie , and a pair of boot . but there 's a small cross around she neck and she still carry herself with lamb-like dignity . Lamb gaze out the window as the sun melt into the cloud . it 's as beautiful as any religious illustration . but it 's real . we hear loray 's voice sing joyfully : would not it be nice ... we do not know where Lamb 's go . but we know she 's go to be all right . the end . 108 .