paris , TEXAS screenplay by Sam shepard and Wim Wenders September 21 , 1983 ( 1 ) devil' graveyard : _ext./ day ( 1 ) bird 's eye view . the camera glide iver a vast , empty landscape . open C ) ' ss super -imposed ) tranis 's Pov izarre rock formation in red and ' ellow color } no vegetation at all . ' inally , a lohe man walk across he hellish gésert . still see rom high above . the camera sink jeeper , almost to the ground . UT , : reftail - hawk , just sit down on point rock . very still . look . UT tos . thin man approach , still at uite a distance . he move teadily toward the camera . rdly sunburn and fis eye peer out with ( 2 ) lonely gas station ext . / day Travis arrfve at a gas station on afremote highway . no car in sight . he 's go directly to the water hose . he try th turn it on , but it 's dry . Travis enter the adobe building . thet serve as a grodery store , bar anf pool hall . he squint hig eye and | he dog not seq the att sit in a gorner wat ) the only thing that tra the fyidge . open {it . but six - pack of beer , mexican brand . Travis ) fridge and turn to thel to it . he open the 1 nothing but ice cube grab a handful and st the ice . suddenly , he cautiously , nudge he € crosses| the room and it "s fille bp with nothing ly light , look around . ant , , who 's hing he . be see stly close the ice box next + there 's it . Travis ts eat ollapse . ith he foot . the attendant age he he no movement from Travis . he chuckle . this be he usual introduction of himself . the. attendant approach he cautiously , nudge he with he foot . attendant hey , man , you drunk égain . no movement from Travis . 2 ) rev . 10/1/83 ( 2b ) int . / day qo " G Travis [ be lie on the pool table in the bad of the bar , still unconscious . his pogsession be spread out next to he on|the green cloth . a big nlan be stand next the table , jthe doctor . he exa possession . there dre : a arrqwhead . Al erysta ] . some MI scout knife with it . a lweather - b and vate polaro @ cap . snjall stone . watch with a young woman , jane , and a small boy , hunter , | about . three year o. a mexican roadmap pf Texas , a}most fall apart . | not very ] detailed . | somebody seem tlio have ady name of city and also road . the doctor look down at Travis with one of some curiosity . he pull with '' Travis '| eyelid . it only show the white t the eyeball : Travis be still out colld . rev . 10/1/83 ( ic ) _ ambulange int . / dusk Travis be lie on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance . his eye be open now . | the doctor be sit beside he . ffhere be somebody else drive , but wwe only see he back . the car be sp highway . eding down the empty doctor well , boy , look like you get yer bell rung pretty good , huh ? you get a name ? nothing from fravis . you know whith side a' the border yer on ? pause . Travis just : stare . if you do something ' illegal , I be gonna kick yer butt right outa ' here . you understand that ? you wanna talk to I , son ? I be a doctor , believe it or not . ( pause ) como the llama ? maybe you hablas espanol ? huh ? Travis do not answer . he seem maroon between some tragic event in he past amd the helplessness of he present situation . he remain silent and without any reaction . meme ( 3a ) clinic : ext , / dusk ( 3a ) in the landscape hy '' Clinic {sign hang on thejlonely highw . rev . 10/3/83 oc ) ( 3 ) _ clinic '' int . / nght ( 3 ) Travis be lie on a make- shift mination table . the doctor be examine Travis . Travis just stare gd / ' doctor this be not no monastery for fugitive . I do not care what kinda 's condition yer in . I spend too much time in this place} to cultivate any sympathy . all the sympathy 's be burnt right outa ' I . so you wanna 's talk to I , you talk to I now or I be makin ' a U -turn right outa 's this room , and you will never see I again . still note from Travis . doctor Lay down . ( force Travis to lay down on the tahie ) Lay down , stupid. os ncontinue examination ) alli right . - guess somethin’ musta 's cut yer tongue off . either that or you get something ' to hide ' cause I can tell you hear I plain enough . and start ] go | through | Travis ' possession he|finds a business card in / the wal . «+» huh ... walter A. Henderson . ( to Travis ) now , I wanna ask you one last question . you see this here card ? the doctor hold up the card with Walt 's name onji just stare at it . be this you ? or a relative a yours ? kin ? I be gonna cali this here number and see if they can tell I who you be . I be not get bed enough to be puttin’ up mute . co the doctor leave . Travis look at . the ( > ceiling . it 's as thoughithe doctor 's question call up memory and association in he mind / that he find impossible to answer . guage be useless 5. to Travis . rev . 10/27/83 phore . the call be from Texas . it 's a very bad connection ; he have to ghout into the phone . ez wnodeh , walt shor c ( into phone ) hello. yeah , yeah , that 's wid '. I ... yeah ... what ?... wait a second ... am Doctor who ?... g2 ( pause ) that 's my brother ?... be you sure ?... during the / conversatipn , Walt can I talk to he ?... well , this have see Anne ' cross from fhe office kinda catch I up short here . I have not into the workshop . hear from my brother in over four year ? ++» what ? okay ... all right , give I the exact location of you hospital there ... tai ( pause ) _ . okay ... all right , all right , listen , thanks for the call , doctor . 1'11 be right down there . I '11 get down there 7 as fast as I can . tell he I be come , L - okay ?... okay ... stand there for a moment , thinki then| go into the workshop where anne| have go . : after the call , he hang up and : be Walt jcome into the workshop where I ) 2 - S he wife , anne , be give some graplic work _to one of the worker . cu - walt St e doctor in South Texas . a place call terlingua . he say he 's find . to tell he ? ( continued ) xq : ( 4a ) continued : 1 I do not know . tell he I go on altrip or something . I mean about Travis . ( pause ) . well , honey , I guess you better just tell he the truth . ( 3 ) clinic int . / evening ( 5 ) wide traviis be iying on a bed in a corner e big main room of the clinic . other corner , two mexican be no on mattress , smoking and ing silently . they be ick , obviously , who be give sbelitter here . a E , stand at Travis ' bed put salve on he skin , see the uneaten tray ef food at Travis ' bed . nurse you be not hungry ? you oughta 's eat something , you know . can not live on air . ( to the mexican , in Spanish ) . a little crazy , this one . tha doctor call he family , they think he be dead . : trayis be silent . the nurse take she ] tray away and leave . the / mexican in the corner watch Travis suspiciously . pov. frayis turn to look out the window aboye he bed , tben turn back to look at the ceiling . I wslt sit in a airplane by the window . | Im front of he , som psperwork thst hs take with he from the office . but he can not concentfste on he work . out the} window . ( 6a ) walt be [ p.0.v. below he , hs - look the last light of the day , the ruggsd landscap of the Rocky Mountains . 10 . rev . 10/3/83 cs canc — —c—ctctctcttcftco *~™” cerst / ncet oo @ '' a ee do — eeeeeeeeeeee Travis fome out of the clinic onto out at the landscape . E and three wetback sit at in the corner drink beer ing . the mexican come over to d offer he a beer . Travis e can and look at it . shake he head and return '' mexican . one of Travis take t) then he it to t of ) _gas | station / somewhere in TEXAS ext . / night _g ' Walt has| be drive - he stop in al . rev . 10/4/83 ( 84 ) rental car / on the road to big bend ext . / dawn ( 8a ) up . no other car be on the road . ) ( 8 ) rental car / on the road to big bend int . / dawn ( 8 ) ce walt Walt drive straight through the night . hej try to find some familiar music on the car radio , but all he} can get be mexican polka musip from the Rio Grande . everything ] be in Spanish , even the weather . * walt ( talk to the radio ) what be this ? mariacchi polka cucaracha ? what country be this , anyway ? I think this be the U.S.A . where 's George Jones , Bob Wells , tammy wynette ? ( turn off radio ) basta with the. polka ! ( he start sing ) . '' the star at night be big and bright , deep in the heart of Texas , remind I of the one I love , deep in the heart of Texas ... " . 12 . rev . 10/3/83 ( ) chinte " ext. / wicat ( 9 ) Travis close he dy and stop hum . he listey to the sound of a great tail grackle whistling in the night . in front of Travis ] inner eye some image appear|from the time when he be living}in Mexico . the 13 . ( Travis - be in very bad shape . | his head be smashed in . _ his whple body be bruise . the~ old map be bandage Travis with strips| of clothes wrap around some blig leave . the Old indian lay leave and herb on Travis ' wound the next day to help in heal . a mexican house people who tyavis meet in Mexico , just look at hjm 'openly and friendly . lon : adobe hut ( loc ) vi the Old indian who nurse Travis cross into the adobe hut from outside , |while a neighbor cross out in the background . back to : ( qa ) later Travis sudden : and put he straight out get up from the ground jacket on . he walk back into the desert . rev . 9/30/83 int . / day ( 10 ) 14 , not ( 11 ) omitted c1 ) ( 12 ) clinic ext ./ morning ( 12 ) Walt be exhaugt from drive and not| sleep . | he arrive at the clinic , get dut of he car and over to | the doctorg who be sit in a ghair on '' om front porth of the glinic ( 2 - b ) doctor you must - be the brother of the mute . walt mute ? doctor yeah , we could not squeeze the time a ' day outa 's he , must be in some kind of a jam , huh ? walt I do not know . I have not see he in over four year . doctor be that right ? well , a lot can happen to a man in four year I guess . all kind a trouble . expensive trouble . walt what do you mean ? doctor well , down here , a man get himself into a fix sometimes and it cost a little to get he back out . we be kinda ' on the edge a thing down here , if you understand what I mean . oy . a , ( continued ) 15 . rev . 10/1/83 ( 12 ) CO ( 12 ) continued : rhy walt no , I do not understand what you mean . I wish you would just get to the point ' cause ke to see my brother . @ musta 's be mixin ' with some hard y ' cause that kinda ' damage do not from fallin’ outa 's bed . bok to I like every bone in he get break up sometime or other . . maybe four ... five year ago . gh to. kill - most man I know . but ed up . look like he do not have professional medical help either . , walt I would like to see my brother now , if you do not mind . doctor well , that 's beford hat 's just the thing right there . hat I be tryin' to hint at ya ' see . he 's disappear . '' walt he 's disappear ? you mean he 's not here ? {| after I come all this way ~ ~ ( continued ) 16=17 . rev ... 10/1/83 ( 2 ) continued : 2 > - g35 doctor he 's be go since early this morning . it be too late to let you know . - we have all he possession nevertheless . save they . we would be glad to turn ‘em over to you ... soon as you take care ‘of we little reward . you brother run up one big bill , you know . . 18 . rev . 10/4/83 ( 13 ) - highway / rental - car int .-ext . / day ( 13 ) oo — Walt ) back ' he car out of the clinie ( ( 3 - ] ) walt be , pov driye onto the road . but he only go a short way . already at the next '' . crogsroad he pull over to the side . ( 3 - 4 ( 3 - 19 on - thhe dust road ? a : dirt ) road . ( 3a ) dirt road / rental car lown and . stop . road behind the can B pace . slowly hey , Travis . do gat you recognize I ? it 's Walt . it 's you walt what in the hell 's happen to you anyway ? you look like forty mile of rough road . ( continued ) the car , front dogr of the cay 20 . oc y ( 14 ) drive toward marathon / rental car Wal drive '' glanc Travis be look of Walt , awkward , do : es in rear view tt of the window . not know quite miryor at Travis pet seat . how jto break the ic the iplastic bag and to Travis . '' for for Long pause . Travis bag ) do not open it , set it on the seat beside he . '' lz ' '' trapyis tense up . drive he further there be no hostili ecanft speak . he ha what . took. place . fi drive on in silence S Travis slowly close '' he pick up hand it back stare at the ach question nside himself . y ; he simply no : word for rr a while , they he eye . for y' — int.~ext . / day ( 14 ) walt you stuff 's in there . they give it to I at the clinc . Boy , you sure pick one helluva spot to land in . | i. can not blame you for run out on ‘em . | walt | look , we have get a little bit : of travel to do , so I hope you be not gonna clam up on I for the whole trip . might get . ' kinda lonely . ( pause ) : trav , would you mind tell I where you disappear to for the last four year ? ( pause ) have you see Jane at all ? or talk to she ? walt you know , Anne and I give up on - you . we actually think you be dead . al . Med ~ walt the car ) pull up in front of one of the bungalow . Walt and Travis get cu5ay int . / day they tome into the room . Walt look around , then open the curtain . Travis just stand in the middle of the room . Walt look at he brotber , sit .jn the.bed , Travis sit ’on he bed . ( j5a - 3 54 - 4 ) Travis be silent . Walt move to sit next} / to he the bed . ( skad insert '- close angle on shes no answer from Travis to the door . Travis just fook at L - . Walt move he . Walt leave . _rev . 10/5/83. ext . / day ( 5 ) walt this be nice , huh ? well , what do you think , trav ? you want to get clean up ? maybe take a shower or something ? I think I will go into town and get you some clothes . you can use a new set of clothes , can not you ? what size shoe do you wear ? let 's see . ( look at they foot to measure , then look at Travis ) so where would you get that beard ? it 's pretty snazzy . ( pause ) okay , I will just zip into town and zip back . I will be rigbt back , okay ? you will be okay , will not you , trav ? ( pause ) I will be right back . 22 , oo o shower . the sound of the water make he start hum . he be frighten by what he see and turn aroumd . out of the sleeve lining of he coat , he pull a envelope that be hide there . he unwarp it . it contain a strange map and a |photograph of a empty piece of jand . . Travis smile and suddenly the Spanish word of the song that he ig hum come to he and '' he sing they loudly . he seem happy . rev . 10/5/83 22a . ~o.. rev . 10/5/83 . so street of the little town of marathon . most shop be close , forever . ) the only place to buy clothes lis the hardware store . Walt look at the display of cheap - work clothes and boot . he sigh and enter the hardware store . ia Walt searcfié the room ; he even look in the closet . the shower be still walt run , but Travis be go . ( look in closet ) . damn it . Walt get back into the car with the . bag and drive off , leave the motel door open . ad 23 . . rev . 10/7/83 ... ext . / afternoon ( 18 ) no the railroad track the desert . Walt see he from a distanfe . he get out of hisicar , walk pp to the track and just / stand there in Travis ' way . Travis come up to he and stop . walt pav. hoe would you mind tell I where you be . 4 head ? what 's out there ? Travis do not look down the nswer . he just ailroad track . or Travis , would you . mind tell I why you want to walk straight out : into the middle of nowhere ?. there 's nothing out there ! ( pause ) do not you trust I or something ? | I be just . try to help you out . that 's all . ( pause ) come on , trav . let 's get in the car , huh . . they move to the car- on the road . Travis stay sjlent . l - 24 , rev . 10/7/83. establishing shot of Fort stockton with " Bob 's barber shop " in the foreground . cie > cab Travis sit in a barber {chair wit ! a long bib around he not mexican barber start tq shave . see th : rental jough the windshield of the they be drive into fade out : int . - ext , dusk 24a . 183 dod ete eas es ee os 2 rews * 10/7/83 - cy ( 19 ) EL rancho motel int . / evening ( 19 ) vis be shave and dress up in stiff , new clothes . there be thing ludicrous about the whole ing . but Travis accept it all . just look at himself in the ror . Walt enter from the ioin room . walt . how do it feel to have fresh clothes on ? huh ? pause . no answer from Travis . just stand up . let I take a look at you . just stand up . Travis t say anything . he stand up jas Walt move in the room to , he . let I look at it without you hat for a second . just take you hat off for a second . Travis remove he hat , and Walt take it . that 's it . turn around . ( as Travis turn ) wait a minute , you have get label . Walt epee label off the seat of Travis ' levis as he hide Travis ' old | dusty hat in the drawer . okay . be the shoe all right ? ( pause ) well , look we can always get you new stuff in California when we get there . I just think that for right now it would be good to have something clean . do they feel okay ? Travis be silent . : okay ... stick you belt on and let 's go get something to eat . I be starve . Walt leave the room , and Travis put he belt on and look at himself in the mirror . 25 . 2 ) Wal for . walpress have just ! bring t! foof . Travis stare at he he will not eat . Travis stare : at |his plate will Long pause . Walt eat . Travis be just sit the start to cry sijently . Long pause . Walt do not to handle this situation . cee tae cect not ew . 10/7/83. int . / night .. ( 20 ) jeir plate ; walt you be sure you be not . hungry ? ( pause ) : : toe you oughta’ eat something . when be the last time you have something to eat ? | £ food . I talk to the doctor . at the clinic . he tell I that . you would get ail bust up . | , ( pause ) you do not have to tell I anything about . it ... I be just try to help you out . | that 's all . Travis , do you remember your.son ~~ Hunter ? well , he 's with we . he 's be with I | and Anne ever since you diaappear . we do not know what else to do so we just | keep he with we . he be just stand at the door . all he could tell we be that somebody , have bring he there in acar .. he -did not know anything about what . have happen to you . or Jane . he be juat very disturb . we try everything .we could to find out where you be . we try to locate Jane . she vanish , too . there be not anything else we could do . '' he how damn it , man -~ Travis -~ I do not know what happen to - you - ~ I do not know what kind of trouble you get into but -~ I be you brother , you '' know . you can talk to I . ( continued ) 26 . Walt get up fr the table . walt I be tired of do all the talk . I be gonna go give Anne a call . 27 . sl ) rev . 10/7/83 " ext./ night ( 21 ) Walt qome '' out of the restaurant '' > , 5 ° and move to a phone booth outside . 2i-2 in thé background we can see Travis sit at the table from behind . when the call be answer , it be not Anne on the other end , but Hunter . it take Walt by surprise . walt hi , hunte ? , it 's daddy . I think you . . be in bdd already . ) I be watchiag t.v. hunter ( walt guess who | I be visit here in Texas ? ' hunter ( vi0 . ) who ? walt you father . do you remember you father ? hunter “e no. : > walt not at alll ? hunter ( v2 . ) I rememberyhe be kinda 's skinny . walt ( laugh ) fle be ? hunter “e I think he as ( continued ) x / : 28. ( 21 ) continued : with + rev ... 10/7/83 ( 35 ) guess what ? I be bring he out there for a visit . would you like ( ¥.0 . ) know ... here 's Mom . " t get 29 . wie we loy ath . not : rev.-.10/8/83 -.. '' i ) gd ) ; ( 22 ) EL rancho motel room int . / niget ( 22 ) on . he feel asleep bn b) xcla @a- 5 ) Travis , transfix by the} flicker screen , it be as if he be try to see something behind it . and ' some image be gain shape : 24 ) travis 's vision : violence int . / night '' a-dark figure of a man , chase a '' ~ woman through a narrow and long a room . she try to hide from hin , but he drag she out of the corner she be try to hide in . he beat cok she up badly . this image be only see as distort nightmarish fragment , neither of the two figure be recognizable . the scene be almost silent ; the only sound be the desperate cry of a child . 30 . oe ee eee ee sh the cet vp rews < 1078/83 int . / night inside he with wide he start talk in ally able to shake he vision off . he get up and walk '' to the window . he pull the curtaing open and look out . travis - not one of he bone shall be break . a bundle over he head . 31 . _ rev . 10/10/83 on ( 26 ) EL rancho motel parking lot ext . / morning ( 26 ) >gr of the motel into the bright the cay pull out of the . EL rancho motel and go down the street one block to the next gas station . 32-33. rey oaopbr int . ~ ext . / day ie and '' itay in the back seat whpre he seem quite ! comfortable . | he studieg the map of Texas . the gas station att Walt 's window . dant move to ) , walt ( to attendant ) fill it with unlead , please . the attendant move to the pump . walttturn to Travis . silence stuff . you can talk . I can be silent , too , you know . I would just as soon neither one of we say another word the whole trip if you want to know the truth . ? you know , I be get a little sick of this Travis have be study the map . he run he finger ] across the| map of dart and pauseg at the to} of haris . : travis Paris . '' thig be the first word travis| have speak in Walt 's presence . it turh to look at he , startl by the| sound of the wprd . walt what ? travis Paris . | : walt a . Paris ? seneca .- . travis * do you ever go to Paris ? : vv of ( continued ) pom ( 28 ) continued : there is|a pause while they both sit there . i / C Travis cpuekt to himself , lose own thought . heflook | out of the window . l - sr ew yo/10/83 nd , I never get to go to Europe . Anne talk about it all the time . she want to go because she 's from France , you remember . but we never seem to get the time because my business keep I pretty busy , you . know . 35 , '' rev " 10710/83 * C ) ( 29 ) highway / rental car . ext . / day ( 29 ) . and Travis drive down the ay , the lands¢ape pass e background . sit silently . 36-38. 30 - ] cy ( 30 ) rental car = int .-ext./ day ( 30 ) Travis jis still in the back seat of the car , Walt be drive . Travis take qut the assessor 's map and the pollaroid of the vacant lot from the plastic bag Walt bring from the clinic . Travis stare at the photo dnd then try to locate " '' Paris '| on the map again . Walt be watch he the whole time through the rear view mirror . — walt what 's that ? travis what ? walt that that you have get in you hand . travis ( lean forward ) oh . two thing . walt what be they ? travis cu . um -- well , one be um -~ what do - to they call -- I forget what they call pe ~ kou puto this one , but this other one be a um - =- 3 o - 4 picture . we seq the photo Travis ; hold . walt ( erustrate with Travis ' slowness ) a picture of what ? travis a picture of -- a picture of Paris . ( continued ) 39 . ( 30 ) confinued : 1 Travis hand the polaroid over the seat to Walt . Walt laugh because all he see be a vacant lot . Walt hand the polaroid back to Travis . he saugtle . walt Paris ? travis yes . a picture of a piece of Paris . wane - = : where would you get a picture of Paris ? can I see it ? travis yes . walt this be it ? this be Paris ? this look just like Texas to. I . travis it be . walt Paris , Texas ? travis it 's right here on the map . walt you mean , there 's really a place call " Paris , Texas ' ? ( continued ) 40 . C ) ( oy contenued : 2 travis it 's right here . walt well , how come you have get a picture of . a vacant lot . in Paris , Texas ? | travis it 's mine . walt I know it 's yours , but how . come you get it ? travis I um -~ I - - purchase it . in the mail . Long time ago . walt you buy a picture of a vacant lot through the mail ? travis no . I buy the land . walt you buy this lot ? travis yes . walt oh , lemme see it again . Travis hand the picture back to Walt . Walt study it closely . walt C ) se there 's nothing on it . a ( continued ) V a . ( 30 ) continued : Travis take picture back and stare hard at it}as though hope the come back to he . travis ( laugh ) empty . walt why in the hell would you buy a vacant lot in Paris , Texas for Christ 's sake ? | travis ( try hard to remember ) I uh -- I forget . walt ( hand polaroid back to Travis ) here , trav ala , wes '' wwide Walt return | the car to thé car rental place} again travig do not want to get put . p.o.v , Travis look around at the| terminal and airstrip . 31 ) _el paso airport / rental car parking lot rev . 10/13/83 ext . / day ( 31 ) walt ( open Travis ' door ) let 's go . come on , trav . travis where be we go ? walt we go to fly to Los Angeles . you be not afraid of fly , be you ? travis , we be leave the ground ? walt yeah . travis why ? walt because it would take too long to drive . it would take a extra two day and I can not afford the time , trav . travis why ? walt it 's just --' it 's easier to fly . it 's faster . come on . there 's nothing to it . do you ever fly before ? travis " a long time ago . ( continued ) 42 . be | ( 31 ) continued : '' Travis look down and do n}t budge . scene 32 =~ omitted vv rev . 10/13/83 walt well it only take travis a couple of hour ? walt . right . a couple of hour . 43.-45 . the plane come truck with al hed be aeen appr : the door of the appear and wall wait followa he walk hack to the aching the plana . lane open . travia down the atair . together they terminal . ext . / afternoon ( 33 ) walt travia , look - - this be get ridiculous . - I mean , I do not even have to watch Hunter this close . . ( stop himself ; . feel he 's aaid tha wrong thing . ' travis . be you go to leave I ? vac . no . dm not go to leave you . travis it 'a all right if you leava I . " walt I be just try to get you hack home , see what I mean ? I just want to get 's you hack and gat you aettle and then you can do whatever you want . I do not care what you do after that . you can go off hy youraelf if you want . I be responaihle for you now . understand ? I be try to -- ( stopa himself again ) oh , just come on , will ya ' . just stick with I now , okay ? do you realize how many paople we datain on that plane ? you can not just go around do thing like — that . this be not the wildernea . you be live with people now .. 46 . | : | '' aed - qo p no g4 ) Walt fis on '' the phone in front of the be counter , talk to Anne . he ke@ep a eye on Travis who be see jat a distance stand near the water fountain . _ ) mca travis PD : a young man , who be move a indian statue . Walt move toward Travis and persuade he to leave now , ( 34 ) EL paso , airport terminal / avis counter rev . 10/13/83 | int . / day ( 34 ) walt ( on phone ) well , it will take a couple day at least . look , I better go ... | no -- he 's - ~ I gotta go now . i'11 call you later ... okay ... no , I love you . | yeah , I be fine . bye . 47 . : ful as full unser walt - clerkd traig '' trauis . rev , 10/12/83 ext . / afternoon ( 35 ) Travis car , a someth , for a the ba sticker . rental clerk ( to Walt ) well , sir , I can not understand why you need to rent the’ very same car you have before . they be all alike . - every car we have here be a Ford or a 7 old . I be not even sure we can locate the car you have before . walt } I know . it 's my brother - ~ hé uh -~ he leave something in the car , and he be hope he could search through the car and -~ rental clerk ss oh , well , I '11 just contact we lose and find department in that case . walt no -- we need to find that same car . rental clerk '' well , sir , I can not do that . there 's no way I can trace that car for you . walt why not ? you have get the license plate number there on the form , rental clerk well , yes , but -- walt give it to I , and we will find it . ( continued ) 48 , i the clerk show Walt the number on a sheet of paper . rental clerk I be sorry sir . walt why not ? we be rental clerk rev ... 10/11/83 20 0 ee ( 35 ) I can not allow you in the lot . already on it . '' 3 bs I just have to ask . you to come back to g5 - ialt qravis what ? walt I do not think we rental clerk I can rent you a travis we need the same we go in another walt ( to clerk ) give rental clerk Sir , I - - walt just give I the please , please . rental clerk all right , sir . the office with I . ( to Travis ) Travis . can get the same car . model that 's just , like the one you have before . car , Walt . how can car ? I the license number , will ya , please . number ! please , please , the number be 667 '' djp . ( continued ) 49 , ( 35 ) continued : Travis repeat the number as they leave to look for the car . wont orev , , . lo/le/83 - . , walt ( repeat the number ) 667-djp . ( to Travis ) remember that , trav. 667-djp . travis 667-dip . it 's get . a bump on the hood . rental clerk yes , it do . that 's the license number , 667-dip . travis 667-dip . 49a , they're i : drive a toward th now sitti drive . ay from the freeway . g in front . '' the same can airport ravis be Walt be keb gp , rev . 10/12/83 tree ret alle ber now ... what ? travis . why } buy that land . walt .(~ . oh ye ih ? why ? well , because m -- mot once tell I that be snore she and gaddy first ... werei lover . , n Paris , be id you .f ( pause ) I figurdd that that be where I begin . '' Travis ( lay . Henderson -- they , hame I that . TI stayte out the ( laugh ) you think mayb : that 's where you be conceive ? J vw ( continjed ) gd &d cigigni bev . 10/12/83 &- gey_cont = ( 36 ) Travis start . laugh stop niheei . ard , then sur y you qhink so ? S - mle N that 's the [ first I have hear there they jmet . mominever tell I that one . ? for travis '' N mo ( state at Walt ) daddy hadi a joke - about it . walt S oh yeah ? what be it ? he uge to always introduce as the girl / he would meet in Paris . he would wait a while before h¢ say ek fas , 's after everybody think that he be talk about Paris , France . / go be , '' he always saogh pest haxa about that . walt lt doxtt remember jany of that . guess it must have be before my fime . ns ravi S gS she never look / french anyway . I mean , you know how she jook . ite. know who he think hé_was kid . coma : j st. rev . 10/12/83 ( bg ) ged bee ) gb ) conte ! a g8 ) o ( aftén pause ) Travis ~~ I migtt . as well t 11 you new '' travis 2 é Z there ) 's co gotta 's tell you «~ what ? ) S walt lov _ Mom hied three yebr ago . jpst about ' o.v - a yen after you sisappear she just 26 - 1 die in she sleep Travis just tlook at he . | then he look out ° the car . they be pass a cemetery . travis could we pull we here . wal 's veat > sure , 5 '' too insnsns 52 . EU cong shot enue ye ee BW ome ext . / dusk g7 rc sia t a flower and 31 - 9 ) r346 ea small grave with heapstone . ged we see thé entiye grave yard with eway in tthe b.g. ) 37 - 16 and Travis walk ou tery together and drive joff in the jrental car . 53. ( 38 ) freewa 's they be dri freeway thry both follow : Walt be y / rental car ring on a New Mexico ugh the night , silently , no they own thought . ing . '' 7 rev . 10/28/83 ° * int . / night ( 38 ) travis do you remember Mom 's very first name ? walt Mary . travis no , no , I mean before she find daddy . walt oh . her maiden name ? travis what be she call ? walt ( can not believe that Travis do not know ) you do not remember she maiden name ? travis no. walt it be sequine . '' travis oh , sequine . Spanish . * '' walt her father be . travis yeah . 54 . the car|is park in a astro burger drive in restaurant . Travis sit at a table} alone . a waitress bring the food and set the trays.on the table . for the first time , Travis eat . Walt come to the fable to join he . Travis nod . '' rev . 10728783 6. ext . / nicht c355 walt I do not believe it . decide to eat , huh ? you finally eat and talk .. before you know it , you will be back in the land of the live , trav . travis you want I to drive ? walt ' sure . you think you remember how ? travis my body remember . you could sleep while I drive . : walt okay . ( pause ) they put cheese on this . you can not trust they . well I will just eat the bread . I hate cheese . 55 mace ong wee : couse hain vey & rev . 10/28/83. int . / nigrt ( 40 ) walt ; hey , trav . . do you think you be about : ready now to tell I where yoiere oo > . . for the last four year ? . *. travis no. ( after pause ) not yet . Walt nod . he make . himself a comfortable as he can in the passenger seat and close he 'ye . Travis drive faster and with nore confidence as the experience return . 56 . t a stat yt soak lol cpe durant soa a Sue Rev. 10/22/83 . trays ( already shot ) ( 4 ) desert / junk yard ext . pre-dawn / dawn ( 41 ) 's pre-dawn and Travis be out of the wander through a desolate junk yard he 's find in the desert . Walt be sleep peacefully in the car in the distance , park on a dirt road . Wide moaaualt tt see Travis , come out of} the car . raed 246 walt Travis ? travis what ? Walt move to join Travis ) . walt pon . where be we ? Travis ? where 's the highway ? Walt lpok around in all direction . nothing but white sand junk . you have go off the highway ! Jesus Christ , I can not get even five minute of sleep without some crisis . where would you turn off anyway ? travis I do not know . it do not have a name . walt well , that 's great . that 's just dandy . we be out in the middle of the mojave Desert in a place that have not get a name . travis I can find the highway again . 37 . ce beg et eae it , veey reve 10/22/83 ccc ue - ( already shot ) ( 41 ) continued : 2 ( 41 ) reluctantly , Walt move to stand beside Travis , who be sit on , _old , abandon truck . they watch the vast landscape around then . Travis suddenly start to tell wait this story . a mok mck travis walt | 4 / - b }| rapid City , South dakota , my . . , she give ice cube wrap in kin to guck on . I be teethe mn and the ice numbe my gum . t night we cross the badland . oad in fhe shelf behind the back t of thé plymouth and . stare out at|the star , the glass of the window be freezing cold if you hite , plaster dinousaur ' stop op 's the prairie at a place ding ne in acircle . there mother . carry I around in a wo Army ( blanket hum a slow e . I think it be ' peg a my rt . 's she hummed it very softly herself like she thought be away . S be be Mo people around . just and the dinosaur . 58. road |in they be tal car and 's and Walt feat down a dirt come |to a stop a crossing to wait Travis turn off so ie a a railroad for a train to ( cl h2 - wacr the engine} Rev. 10/22/83 . '' calréady '' shoty “r * ext . / day ( 42 ) trav , I need to talk to you 'a little 's bit about Hunter . travis Hunter ? be he okay ? walt oh , yeah . sure . he 's fine . he 's a great boy . travis how old be he now ? walt he 's eight in January . travis he 's seven then . walt yeah . travis what do that make he ? walt I do not know what you mean . travis - well , what grade do that make he in ? 59 . v= rev , 10/22/83 ... - ms ( already shot ) walt oh. second . travis second grade . I can not remember second grade . can you ? walt . . coe . ao yeah , a little bit . | ( after pause ) ' but. see , the thing that I want to talk to you about be ~~ well , he 's like part of the family now . I mean , Anne and I be like he parent now . | travis | Anne 's you wife ? walt yeab . you remember she , do not you ? travis no . do he think you be he father ? walt well -- Anne tell he that you be come . ' travis well , who do he think I be ? walt I tell hin . travis . what do you tell he ? walt I tell he that you be he real father , but see -- you have be away so damn long . 60 .- seoat , yrev. 10/22/83. we " ( already shot ) travis how long be it ? do you know ? walt yeah . 's four year . travis four year ! walt yeah . and see the thing be ... it 's : just that i. do not know exactly how he 's go to react to the whole thing . travis be four year a long time ? walt a ' well , it be for a little boy . it 's half he life ! rey . angie ua iy : travis a-s ) travis '' half a boy' : ' '' ( pause ) / l- he 's a boy . a the train have pass now . Travis start the engine and drive on towayd the highway . ' 61 . o™ rey . ( 10728783 hap ) . ( 43 ) drive through the mojave / rental car ext . / day ( 43 ) the ae landscape see through the windshield of the car ; Travis 's eye in}the rear view mirror . Walt 's still sit in the passenger seat . walt ( v.0 . ) {after a pause ) hey , trav , there 's something I want you to know .. you. see , . Anne and I can not have any kid of we own . travis how come ? walt ( v.0 . ) well just -- medically , it do not work a out . and that 's why Hunter 's be so important to we , '' travis okay . walt ( v.0 . ) well I just want you to know that so you will understand Anne 's feeling about he . travis okay . ( 43a ) mojave desert in the middle of the day ; the air be waver with the desert heat . a very wide shot . at the side of the no Travis get out to the car pull up highway . Walt change driver . we see the rental car pasé down the highway . Desert joshua tree be scattered throughout the desert . Walt drive . 62. revs 20728783 6 ree ee ( 44 ) big freeway junction / rental car int .-ext . afternoon . ( 44 ) the identical shot as scene 43 , see through the windshield of the car again . in the rear view mirror : Walt 's eye , they're in the outskirt of Los Angeles iow . ) the traffic be get denser and nore frenzied . Travis watch with amazement the system of freeway jintertwine one another on three or jfour different level . travis ( v.0 . ) you live here ? walt well , we live kind of . in the suburb , but I have get my business in town . travis ( v.0 . ) with what 's you business ? wt walt Signs . I make billboard . you know ~~ for advertising . travis ( v.0 . ) oh ~- you be the one who make that . I love that . some of they be beautiful . walt I be not the only one in the world who make they . travis ( v.0 . ) oh . I think they be beautiful . walt naturally . travis ( v.0 . ) who be the other one ? walt 63 . I do not know . some do~do . in front of a house in abs residential area in the hill abpve the burbank Airport . es over the atreet , very low , as} Travis ard Walt walk toward the hbuae . Anne hug obvipus exhaustion and fray nervea . gad she await they at the door . Walt , concerned about Walt 's Anne very leave walt. and go to Travis , pen , expect Travis to be juat how sbe remembare he . she gives| Travis a|jbig hug , but then release he when ahe feel bim tensa} up . Travis smile of hei abyly next. move . sbe se back from-him , uncertain ' oh aura . walt honey , be . everything okay ? anne we just miss you a lot . walt I misaad you , too . anne Travis , my God , we be beginning to wonder if we would ever sea you again . it 's be so long . anne do you have a good trip ? ( continued ) 64 , '' at Hunter , try as the fsce pf ves he 's qui away . a casead sn travis — mae it be fine . walt ( turn to hunter\who stand off to one side ) Hunter . ( come ovar here . anne / | Hunter , this be Travis ' / 4 '' .~ 3 63. lo tt oe wee : reygoreg 8 be too bad you happen ? especially after live here . all we hear ia ' plane day in and day out . '' I like the . Travis smile at '' Hunter , qut Hunter looka down at hjé plate . anne ( after. paus ; ) you use to fly , do not you , travié ? travis no. ( ) Hunter look upyat Travis ; then back ; sie the he plate . : : one prance ( continued ) 7 V 66 . cc ) i t Travis look ep at she at ) the Anne and wali exchange lance . 4 v travis ( after a lof only once . g pause ) we do . but 67 . scene 47 and 48 be in reversed order ( 48y walt house / hunter's room er , alone in he badroom , be ying with he . Star Wars and E.T. &. he 's do three or four $ at once and be talk in erent voice . 'ot be poster of current ence : fiction movie on the wall . on the floor there be a big B of toy car and other aasort pence fiction toy . the t.v. be thout sound , display . a video ag -# iridor stare at a picture on the Travis do not see he . and oe rey 10/92 783 int . / night 68 , ss ( 47 ) walt 's| house / live room Anne makss 's bed for trsvis in the live room . there be 's Little pil of under - wesr snd towel and a toothbrush on the tsble near the sof . Rev. 10/22/83 int . / night ( 47 Travis just 1 j walt - honey , he have not sleep on a bed since we. startad out . I do not think it 's really necesssry . anne where 's he be sleep then ? walt he do not sleep . anne well , he have to sleep somewhere . walt go ahead if you want to . I do not think he will use it thougb . anne he 's gotta 's get tired sometime . come down the stsir from the se¢ond floor . ( to. trsvis ) there 's a towel for you , Travis , and some undsrwear and sock from wslt . travis thank you . Anne psss ' he and give he 's kiss on both cheek like french people do . Travis be rather insecure about this ceremony . | i . the two brother sre leave sione . they just stand there for 's moment . then Walt follow Anne snd just pat trevis on the sboulder as he psss hin . walt 69 . everytbing will be okay , trav . '' Rev. 10/22/83 ( 49 ) walt house / inside and back porch int . - ext . / niget ( 49 ) against the dark sky . a wide establishing shot : the house '' cult ?? 49a ) SE ai proro ; eis asleep except Travis , who lslowly around the family room Hand look ft all the ohject : picture amily , ceramic figurinea , and cartificate of Walt 's . up the binocular that ara the window cill and walk out ( 49c ) p.0.v. through binoculars . ( 49c ) the car on the freeway . stare at they seem to recall other image . '' a subjective p.o.v. , aeen through a windshield of a piek up truck : the car ( 50 ) vision : travis 's car crash ( 50 ) ~) be drive at a insane - speed on a cc curving country road , '' sway from one side of the road the other as if the driver be - drunk . then , without . 70 . h9b - | rev . 11/7/83 ( 49d ) walt house / bag : porch ihake off the vvision and into the hoyse . Travis g go bad ' ( 49e ) walt be [ bedroom - waltvand anné-in - they bed , Walt be asleep but Anne be not . she be listen . to / Travis , who be . just close the back . porch door , and hear he rummage around the family room , Travis have gather all the dish from dinner after everyone have go : to bed and be sing as he wash the dish . he smile at the night . ext./ night . ( 49d ) . -) Rev. aagle dove : ae siad " reg revs 11/2/83 whe 4 jde x : side ptt | ext . / morning ( 51 ) . Hunter come out the back door in he sock look for he shoe . he see all the shoe line up and timidly pick up one of nis 's pair . Travis smile at he . it 's almost as if Hunter . have forget he father overnight . anne ( pick up she shoe ) oh , you polished they . that 's very nice of you , Travis . would you like to come in and have some breakfast ? Travis smile and jshake he head . be not you hungry ? we be have strawberry waffle . do you like they ? trqvis ' nodp yes . do you want some ? Travis shake he jhead no again . well , there 's hot coffee on the stove if you want some . '' travis anne 5 ( point to the landscape ) look at en truck . Anne go back ingide the 2dgi - a5 ) Travis lift he binocular S to io out at the landscape . bee - ( continued ) ( 51 ) continued : : waltthand thetboot to Travis |and 's in a big hurry . we ee pir eae fs '' i Walt come out get he shoe . walt decide to rough it , huh ? Travis smile . | walt. lookg shoe , then pick up one gf he pair . _— a. _! : . not Boy , what would you do , spit-polish this ? you know , I could get you a job at the airport do this . Travis pick upj he boot / and turn around to Walt . travis I will , trade you this new boot for that old one . . walt do they fit you ? travis , yeah . walt sure , you can wear they , go trav , a m a again . then he stand up | and mo over|to the wall where thp sboe be line up . he pick up ! one of Hunter 's boot and hold [ the sole of it up to he own sboe , compare size . g9 ) Anne come back out to tbe back lyard ( continued ) 73. gy ue pt Anne leave '' the porch . on reappear a Anne leave . '' Travis sfare atl no line of shoe and emain one over to ip . he look out at the landscape land then rush around the house to the driveway . gd anne ln oth rev 212/2/83 2 soe eae gl ) Travis , I have to rush off to get Hunter to s¢hool on time . seem like I be always late} I do not know why that be . travis nevely rush . e} Excuse I . travi£ you should never rush . I kgow . it 's crazy , be not it ? well anyway , if you need anything , just help youtself . we will be back this afternoon . Walt 's number at the office be on the dining room table . see you later . travis okay . thank you . oh , I forget . the may will coma in half anfhour . she know you be here . her nate '' be carmelita . bye . ravis carmelita . yeph . avis 51 - 20 i no grgcias . dialogue '' rev t1ye78 tr th Bu fanli ext . / morning ( 52 ) travis ( to Anne ) I be think -- maybe I could meet Hunter after school be out anid we could walk home together if le want to , anne that sound like a great idea , Travis , hunter walk home ? I do not wanna ' walk home , Mom . nobody walk , everybody drive . travis that 's okay . anne now come on , Hunter . it will not hurt you to walk home once in you . life . travis it 's okay . I do not want to either . - hunter I do not wanna 's walk , mom. everybody ' 1l see I . travis I do not want to either if he do not want to . - : anne no , Travis , I insist . he will wait for you out in front . Walt can tell you how to get there . it 's not far . ( continued ) 75 . continued : 1 | just get in the car , Hunter . we be late t be . the street the other way and see a plane landing . 76 . rs tta '' ci ext . / day ) they look at each other . Travis make af compliment about / she . boyfriend 's car . carmelita giggle . a ) she look Travis up and down and : suggest he better if they be wash . they go into the house joke and smile at each other . 77-78. + bat . Travis sit in front waly 's bathyobe .. inj the epc see pu. af the t.v. that ( Travis be watch ; ah ae be gud . ghee jalso watch 2 for ev . 11/9/83 os ga ) fii S hfse / eamget roo [ J ine day g30 ) bouldvard . . 4 every , now and|then carmelita and Travis talk . ahout how|crazy the . womar they speakj over the diald e woman ! on_televilsion . - <= e oh Cho ote carmelita -( cledn | tyrgne power 's gtar that 's Hollywood ... ( comment in Spanish ) and dpeak yery fast in|monotone she ig crazy . >| into { the ¢amet ) this be jyrone 's ( pause ) | birthday . | you probably dad not senor| Travis , how long be you go to know / that} do} you ? many people be here ? do not know that . Mary people today wil} walk acrog the face travi ! of he gloriolis star jand not realize that -oday ig the / day I do n{t know . why ? he first fame} into the world . somewhere| in Egypt . | you fid n'y carmelita know ! that} , do you ? | he be bozn ' along the| nille . similar of jegus . Cause / if you stay , I do not have to do any theré are| many parallel between more dish . ( they both laugh ) tyrone 's jlif@ and Jesus . | they ( pane ) were}both teacher : | do lyou . do you iron , senor , Travis ? ( both laugh realize that % tyrone wag a again| ~ Travis comment to she in Spanish ) teacher . | he jwas edupate how ig it that you speak so much Spanish ? people through he mpvie . of . . courge , wobody realize 4t at travi ! the time } s#ill , today , |very few peorke realize the power of . I spend quite a bit of time in Mexico . he teach } it 's no coincidence that ! his|1 as name js ' power . ' ita do you fhin that be a/ coincidence ? | many : people fhink that be a oh. stage name that he jinvete by he own invention . [ that he : travl : change ame from something jewis butj this man be no Jew . where| / be you from ? not like similarit Jesus . there the ies} end . ' yrone be never ajJew . } he hai nothing against ; Jesus , but he simply see ' thing in a different light . I vy ( agad : they speak to each other in Spanish . then they both watch tv again ) ( continued ) o fal ... crm et * '' theme fide a traum '' rev . i1s9y ' < * le doe seep > es ge iy conmenveb : | ( 34 ) go ee ee wg h.g. ( cont would ) carmewita it 's ju¢t a very gat thing that he /s ( watch the program on tv ) tyrone be nat herg today tojcorrect some of a goog actor , lady , but he be not Christ . the diríction we / see people be ) péersuadéd to |take ; of |course , he ( they |watch the program a little longer ) néver would have do dit by force . . he be a very gentle man . he carmelita would have make aj great President . . . . a '' now be . the pdrfeck tim¢ ' for he . tyrone be a mucb better actor than the actor beingjelectted to presifient . he be great in blood . and ppsition of|power every day . yo Sand . } do you see that ? great flick . can seel that lybody jcan see thalt . great ] movie ! . vrone jould / hav@ win by a lands1 ide . ik do not take 4 great actor to / President . ybhody caw see that . ravi television and the von who be polish the star . @ have not da t.v. ae yy atche ( 544 ) Travis sit in Hunter 's roomy he look | around at fhe boy 's tqus as iffhe be try to undetgtand he wprld . he play with a toy . he cdntinue play with t 8 be fascinate ith the hunter's bedroom | i a 4 ( call from bottom of step ) senor Travis , you jeans be ready . all be right there , carmelita . toy . 80-81. wi rar ang . RA angie ka cm hunter travis ext . / day ( 5 ) ( 56 ) cul do sac down the STREET from walt house ext . / dusk ( 56 ) it be get dark . there be already light in most of the house . Travis climb up the little hill at the end ' C at of the dead - end street where Walt life . he have the binocular with he and watch the house down the hill . 56A ) p.o.v. through binoculars / suburban neighborhood 364 he can see different family scene play out in the open window ; péople watch tv , kid . be put to bed , people have argument , laughter , baby cry ... all . the sound and voice of people live they life together in home that look more or less alike . ao " Rev. 17/1783 by the kitchen . ( 57 ) ( walt house ) family room ext | > EST . shot — leather . int , / evening — ( 57 ) inner be ready , but Walt and Anne «inner at the table Hunter be apparen Travis walk into ly miss when the room : anne ' Travis , do not Hunter come home with you ? travis . '' Hunter ? he 's not . here ? '' anne no . well , what happen ?. I think . you be go to walk home together . travis we be , but he -~ he road home in a car . anne ( suddenly alarmed , worried about Hunter ) what car ? ' '' travis a friend of he I guess ... a mo anne travis which friend ? walt mo honey , just relax . just sit down . : it anne be probably Mrs. Edwards . c7 ) anne he 's never do that before . walt just relax , sit down . I think I know where he be . i'11 go and check , sit down . I will be right back . Walt leave the dining rogm table . Travis and Anne be leave dione . ( continued ) jdrev bl/l/8322 - 0 he 's in here . eally sorry about this , Travis . have a talk with he later . t easy for '' he . 83a . we stee park he 's a the door lead to the Walt the ar. as w4lt speak to he . ialt' house / garage ing wheel of a old W d in the back of the garage . pretend to drive when steep be sit behind the use '' walk up to the window of he continue to ' drive ! rev . °ll/1/83 * int . / night ( 38 ) walt ( over shoulder to Anne ) , Anne , it 's okay . . hide out in ou know trayis be you real you ? just drive . walt you be see you be there , @ ty you ? hunter no. | '' walt Hunter , dad , don hunter dad , when will they ( make spaceship like they make car ? tinued ) pause nas natt think / about it , then open the car door . Hunter ' get jout relu¢tantly . go back intd¢ the houge . 2 y rev . -el/e/83 , 2. ( 58 ) continued : 1 ga tale : g8 ) walt Hunter , I be try to ask you a question . want to give I a answer ? hunter . what ? . walt -. - well , Travis go to pick you up at school today and he want to walk you home . hunter nobody walk . walt that 's not the point . he 's you real dad , and he want to talk to you . hunter why ? what about ? I do not know he . walt okay , come on in to dinner now . it 's all ready . 85 . rear malia acer race pe rae aoa oa ppg oe be 's after di ith they . he 's still eat . heuer . awe '' wa '' tra ( 59 ) int . / night I come down to visit you all five year ago ? ir ber . we go fishing . = al that 's right . well , I take some Super +8 - stu€f on that trip , and I put it all together . I think you might want to see ; ' some of it . maab : be it ? BA walt movie . Super - 8 . you know , maybe Travis do not want - ~ > ( continued ) L 86 . hunt tabl leav : the oo prev . al /e/83--¢ be he would like to wait a while before hé look at it . he , I just think maybe he would gee some of it . sure . there 's some great stuff in it . there 's / some great shot of Hunter in it . I have alrgady see it , u will have to see it again . come help I set up the projector . x and Walt leave the dinner to set\up the projector no Anne j d Travis ; sit nee 87 . '' rev . 10/22/83 " ( 60 ) int . / night Travis , janejand Hunter in front of they trailey somewhere near the océan , . Hunter be two or three year old . Jane ig in she early twenty . Walt and Travis with they arm around each pther 's shoulder . fishing gear be spread all around . | - Walt and Travis hold up some fish they cgught . all of themjaround a campfire . . . underexposed . . on acar trip . Anne drive , with Hunter on . she lap hold the wheel . in the trailer , Anne and Jane cooking . Hunter on Walt 's shoulder ; Jane be watch they . 88. eee | be all watdh the Super -38 film project on a portable screen . Travis be absorb every second of ait intensely . - Hunter sneak peek / at he , try to compare he to the Travis a the screen . grab ) I : the film en Walt turn off the projector andtgoe to turn on the light . Travis stares|at the blank screen a moment or two| longer as Walt move next to he and sit on the back of the couch , Hunter be now}next to Travis . he go to Anne after the film end and put he . arm ! around she neck . there 's a moment of silence . Long pause . Hunter move ‘to Walt sit on the couch . : | i Travis just smile at he . Hunter - : leave for bed with Anne . Walt be uneasy . Le a while , strawberry waffle , . 594-10 travis I almost forget how beautiful she be . anne ( to Hunter ) . Hunter . _ time for bed now . hunter aw , Mom . anne ( get up ) come on , do not complain , it 's past ten . hunter ( to Walt ) goodnight , dad. ( put arm around Travis ) goodnight , dad . eo a tan se rev liv 2/83 0 % ( 598 ) hunter's bedroom int . / night c95 ) Anne be undress Hunter for bed . hunter do you think he still love she ? anne how would I know that , Hunter ? hunter I think he do . anne how can you tell ? hunter from the way he look at she . anne you mean when he see she in the movie ? hunter yeah . ( pause ) but that 's not she . anne - what do you mean ? hunter : that 's only she in the movie ... a long time ago ... ( a big smile ) ... in a galaxy far , far away . Anne doeb not understand . int. / night ( 59c . go to bed and be dish again . = 89a . ¢d all the dish $ busy wash $ '' something he turn to mte and then go say gomethe , ' just fragment that do not |make any sense . hunter - ( with long pause between the line ) you do not have to come back ... you can not come in the house anymore ... that 's a rule ... no more ... the back door be all burn ... dog burn it ... you can not come in there ... it 's black ... . ( 618 ) | 7 at the end of he walk , he wind up in the bathroom where he crawl into the bathtub and keep on sleep . Travis get a towel , roll it up and place it under Hunter 's head - and let he sleep in the bathtub . y a 90 . gad - * eeed '' amne gn es ( 62 walt house / inside and garden - 5 I and Walt Le awaken by the grow sound of a power mower . every now and jthen the engine backfire . Walt get up and move to the window to look out . be rews le / 3/8307 int . / ext . morning ( 62 ) walt ( turn to speak to Anne ) it 's | | ga-3 ) tra - - , Anne ? Anne have leave the ] room . . walt ' goa - 1 ) and ( 63a ) ges Travis work tie to tune the engine . walt hey Travis . we do not ' even have we lawn yet . will you shut that off ? néoghbor be comingfout to se¢ who 's full fanrer . mo - uusiree_ anne 2s pov pue 's pov baththb with ja towel under hij head . thing be different since Travis 's arrival . she move to the door . Walt ! ( call down stairway ) ' Hunter ? 91 . oo 2. Travis and carmelita be leave alone in the House after everyone have leave for work or school . Travis switch through jall the channel on t.v. , then he turng he attention to a pile of magazind . he be look for something . clean up . we hear she sing a - mexican jsong . . Travis . be sing ee a rno harmony jalong with she , but almost absen dedly . he stop when he | suddenly realize that she come | into tha room . and be watch he . | | carmelita be in another room , probably + carmelita what be it you be look for ? | travis . I be look for the ' Father . ' carmelita you father ? travis no. anybody 's . what do a father look like ? carmelita there be many father . ravis I just need one . carmelita ( refer to magazine ) will you find he in there ? travis I do not know where to look . carmelita you want to look like a father ? ( continued ) 92 . travis yes . carmelita be you a father ? travis yes . ' I guess so . I have a boy . carmelita . : where be he ? : | travis ( not want to reveal Hunter ) he 's= ~ in Texas . carmelita Texas . i. know Texas . my fether be from Texas . meavis where ? carmelita San Antonio . ' travis oh. carmelita he be very large . mare do you like he ? carmelita he be a very fierce man . ( continued ) 93. carmelita con Walt and a , follow she ks up the stair to e's bedroom . Travis have vrevs lo/22 483 - 0 have ago ( 63 ) continued : 2 = ( 63 ) travis . oh . I do not want to look fierce . garmelita you do not look fierce . travis '' what do I look like ? carmelita like a dog . . ( she laugh openly ) ' travis . a dog . carmelita a very : aad dog . like a akinny coyote . ' travis . oh. carmelita - ~ ' you want to look like a smart father ? travis I do not know . . maybe . carmelita you must put on . a hat then . travis oh. carmeltta - just a moment . 94 , pe goyaare ( 634 ) walt house / walt bedroom 3a ) carmelicn put one of Walt 's hat oo . - on tr '' she tak Travis he adju * head . 's he over to a mitror . look . at. himself seriously . ts the bat . carmelita there . you look very much smarter now . you want to see ? travis yes. , ' | carmelita do you feel smart ? '' travis I feal . a little bit smarter . carmelita do you want to be a rich father ? ' travis no. carmelita a poor father ? ' travis no . in between . carmelita there be no in - between . you have to eitber be a rich father or a poor father . travis Rich . carmelita bueno . just a moment . you wait . ( continued ) 95 . rev : 16722/83°° she goea and get one of Walt 's vest , brimg it hack and put it on Travis . he look st himsalf | agsin in the mirror with the vest and hst . for he like whst he see . carmelita oo now , one thing you must do to he a we bee '' - ' gdch father be alwsy to look at the 's '' °° " sky and never at the ground . Travis lodk up . Higher . Travis logk higher . that 's good . never look at the ground . and you must wslk very stiff . travis stiff ? carmelita yes . you muat walk stiff . you try it . Travis start walk stiffly around tha house} in Walt 's hat and vest , follow closely hy carmalita who give he instruction . carmelita look up ! - look up ! walk. very stiff . buano . 96 . ~ sre rr a , re , so et —- <n as 16/22/83 tter 's school again , dress in a strange conglomeration of he and Walt 's itally with a friend . Travis . stand across the atreet wave nst he and can not ' halp but laugh at the costume jtravis have on ia this guy ? you know he ? ' th some embarrassment ) yeah . my. ' : father and he be brothera . no. '' : be both fathera . no ... oh , forgat it . . edi both who 's father ? h t . how can you have two father ? hun b47 ) m4 dua leque . Edward walk away say goodbye é I guesa . and Hunter walk opposite |from Travis , imitake hijl astion as they move dowk , the treet | 3 Travis walk down the other , walk tomorrow . take care . stiffly like carmelita teach he to . . they take quick glancea aqroas . the} straet . at each other but in on they respective 7 va . *) ' ( 644 ) STREET leading to walt house ext , / day ( 64a ) — the-street - whure — hunter-live . Hunter and Travis walk on , both still on . ' different side of the road . 97 . ( 65 ) walt house / family room int./ day ( 65 ) sit in a chair in the family room go through a old family photo album . he stare at a picture of he father . another show | Travis and Walt when they be young . Travis huntew lay on the floor do he homewdrk . . he : get . .up.and moves.next. to trfvis , get curious about the photo . hunter what be that picture ? travis ( point to photo ) that 's my father . . and this be I when I be about the same age as you . : hunter ( look at photo ) how old be 's you ? travis | I can not remember . six or seven , I guess . hunter that 's you dad ? travis yes . and you grandfather . hunter what be he name ? travis Travis . hunter same as yours . ( pause ) where be he now ? ( continued ) 98 , ont rev el/10 788-5 | ( 65 ) travis he die a few year after that picture . in that car . * hunter oh . he 's dead . '' travis yeah . hunter can you feel that he 's dead ? travis what do you mean ? hunter - you know he when he be walk around and talk ? right ? ' travis yes . '' hunter so can you feel that he 's go ? travis yeah . I know he 's dead . hunter I never feel like you be dead . I could feel you walk around and talk someplace . travis oh yeah . hunter I can feel Mom , too . ( continued ) 99 . rev! 11/16/85 ~ ' travis you do ? hunter do not you ? travis . | yes . 100 . ( 65 ) something and get out of bed and move to the window . revs 1179/83 int . / night ( 67 ) I be jus¥ afraid . afraid|lof Travis ? anne of whay will happen to we if we lose Hunter > walt we be hot go to lose Hunter . then do you keep push they together ? it 's almost as if you want he to leave . ( continued ) 101 . o 2 rew ( 14/2/83 + Long pause . Anne look down think . ( 67a ) hunter be 8 Hunter be in he bed , he eye open . we be not sure ) if he have overhear they conversatfion . that I be like anne Walt . walt nothi : fine . best . it 's pot business ! and - hinter be ' he 'son . - that 's . a fact . we 've| both know that all . along . Travis happen to be my brother ! you know what I be talk you keép promote this father - son busindgss between they to the point where -- I know / he be . I know he be ! how long do you think * hunte going|to buy that crap ? ch about . Travis be he father , and at 's all this " promote " bullshit ? how long do you want to go on pretend ye're the parent of my brother 's ris hever pretend ! I love he just @ be my own flesh and blood . what 's go to happen to we g ; honey . everything 's gonna everything will work out for int . / night 2 be of , the ( 674 ) 102 '' rev . l1/a/ea later Walt be } still asleep in they : bed andj do not notice she leave . 1024 . for for nace qo Anne 's [ laugh a little , amaze by he frankhess . there 's a pause as she fish around for a way to begin what bhe have to say . - rev '' - l1/7 , / 83 : ext , / niget - ( 66a ) anne you do not sleep much , do you ? travis very. little . I hate.to-sleep . . anne why 's that ? travis I be afraid I might die . and I would miss it . anne Travis , there be something I have to tell you . I be not go to , because somehow it make thing easier . that nobody know . I never even tell Walt or Hunter . travis what be it ? anne after Hunter come to live with we , Jane use to call , ask about he . . she be very concerned for he . and very confuse . she make I promise not to tell anyone she be call . if Walt answer the phone , she would hang up . then ... Walt do not know about it ? anne no. ( continued ) 103 . es bn pry t7785 " ( 66 k ) continged : travis do she ask about I ? anne yeah ... at the beginning . travis _ where do she call from ? anne place in Texas . + travis what place ? anne please , Travis . let I finish . ( she carefully choose she word ) after what happen between you and Jane , she decide Hunter should be with we . she say she could not be a mother to he anymore . travis | ( suddenly angry ) she stop be a mother a long time before that . anne ( steadily ) Travis , I do not know about that . all she tell I be she know how . much we care for he , know how we want a child but could not make one .. she know I love he , travis . she take my son and then give he away . ( continued ) 104 , | Travis st he , . he 's certain wi pain shoc pause . Travis c : keep shal ip cold . t temembe lat he rei js ham in : 't . put i ing he Travis , please . I be just try to explain . . something from you anymore . travis she 's the one - who 's bide . .. anne , : what do you expect ? you beat she up . and have not you be hide , too ? the anger jeave ing . we ar¢ not mber , bu 's io silence he a long travis ( softly , almost to himself ) yeah . she be so young . she want something and I could not figure out what it be . but whatever it be , I stop be able to give it to she . she quit believe in I . she do not believe in I anymore . I just could not stand to see ‘her move away from I . I would not - see it , but then I see it . ( pause ) I start get crazier every day . I could not stand it when she be not look at I , even if she be read a magazine . if she go into another room , I think . she be leave I .. I would get up and follow she . if she go to sleep before I , I would wake - she up . I even get so drunk one time that I take my belt and tie we wrist together so she could not leave I . ( pause ) she have to leave I . ( continued ) 105 . I do not want to feel I be hide - a ens nued : . rev ll afb : ( 66a ) cont he just '' pe for a Travis tur : Anne . bot say not : is to stand next to stand there for a mompnt ing . cas travis I just never realize how much rage I have . a little more than a year ago , she stop call . I have not hear from she since . travis nothing ? anne not a word . but the last call , she ask I to open a bank account for Hunter . travis a bank account ? anne yeah , and on the fifth of every month she wire money to that account ... sometimes a hundred dollar , sometimes fifty , or five . for Hunter 's future . I have the bank trace the wire . it come from a bank in Houston . travis what bank ? anne I write it down if you want it . all i.know about Jane now be she go to this bank on the fifth of each month and wire money for Hunter . ( continued ) 106 . Travis he hea time le shoulderg . er lightly on bothtcheek . it arou kiss Anne ouha off her\ jacket and drape ' Travis b btands forj - a moment look at the becy , the : e turn , take the binocular and leave the back yard . ( 66b ) insert Hunter lie if bed awake . '' he hear back yard and move to noise in the look out the window . he see Anne in the back yqrd . Travis travis ( to himself ) she still send he money . she still send he money . ( after pause , to Anne ) do you . think she would like to see I again ? anne hunters | '' oe boy : I do not ; know really . gioa - 5 ) travis . what 's the date today ? .. 's anne the first of November . travis thank you , Anne . anne goodnight , Travis , travis goodnight . and Travis talk together a 106a . ) .. sn '' rew 12/9/83 o== ( 68 ) van nuy blvd . . i exd . / nicht ( 68 ) 's Travis walk aloné down the boulevard . down at jthe traffic be a scream man spout about man 's salvation . as Travis draw nearer , the scream man notice he and turn to address himself jto Travis . Travis listen a moment Hut do not know quite what to think . he cautiously pass he on the yridge , the scream man yell |jto he back until he disappear around the corner at the end of the bridge . 68b ) travis 's walk : railroad track ext , * Travis walk along the railroad track on San Fernando Road . darknesg and gain shape , then disappear again , as if Travis be not dble to hold it . 107 . Travis slowly walk feel very [ insecure | above the rarr ground . from the platform . Walt try think . vv toward hin . on marengo '' STREET two of Walt 's man be Walt be he on the platform be be lbok oft over th there be fot freeway endless xs as far as the eye can walt '' so you be not afraid to leave the ground after all , huh ? travis no. ( look down at the street below ) I be afraid of fall . walt well , do not look down . travis too bad we can not see like this when we be on the ground . walt what do you mean ?. travis might clear thing up . ito follow Travis ' line of walt I guess you be pretty confuse right now . we all be , you know . ( continued ) 108 . | no answer |from travils . Travis stdl1 offer no answer . | there be a long|pause . another pause . again . Walt ) finally speak travis especially Hunter . walt ( after pause ) you know , I have a talk with Anne last night about Hunter . travis yeah . walt yeah ... and she 's pretty . upset . travis . , what 's the matter ? walt she 's afraid you might want he back . I tell she I do not really know how . you feel about that . . I think if that happen , it might break she heart . you remember what I tell you about we not have kid . that 's I . I can not have kid . Anne can -~ but it would have to be another man . what I be try to say be that Hunter be we only chance . he 's the close we be go to get to a son of we own and -- we have just grow very attach to he in the last four year . ( continued ) 109 . Walt stop he all of the suavien . a with or ft rev els £ 88 6 pode cage + ' travis I know . I be go to leave . walt what ? travis I be leave . walt I be not say this in order to get you to leave . I be not try to get rid of you , Travis . travis I know that , Walt . walt then why go ? that 's not go to solve . anything . travis I be go to find Jane . I think I know where she be . walt how do you know that ? Travis , it 's be four year : she 's vanish . I mean , I have try everything to hunt she down . travis well I have not . and I can find she . walt what make you so sure ? ( continued ) 110 . Travis be 's the height . ) there be a pause . answer . jtart to ] be bother by i Travis do not rev . '' 11/5/83 travis I can do it , I just know . can we go down now ? walt not ( pause ) you be go to tell I what happen ! I be tired of this mystery shit ! I have be treat you like a spoiled baby ever since I pick you up in the fuck desert !. now you tell I what happen between you and Jane ! all right ... it 's none of my business . ( long pause ) I be sorry , Travis . I just -- travis : it 's all right . walt I just . want to help you . that 's all . travis good . I be go to need to take some money and card . walt all right . I '11 get it for you . travis you know you will get it back . walt I be not worried about that . ( continued ) will . coy cone : travis 05 ) I be go to find she . Travis climb down the ladder , leave Walt alone in he thought . he gather he jacket and binocular and start off across the field . ( ip rev . ee/s/83-6. 112-113. lad Travis pull school with a! see hunté td < run across [ the playground ce . past Travis , kick the tire . rws a yejss opp ext . / day i) hunter be that you car ? travis ' yeah . hunter you be crazy . m40 ) hunt ! where would you get this from , a junk yard or something travis junk yard ? | yeah , ] a one~person owner . ( pause ) it 's get a lazer , |too . hunter oh yeah . i lazer V ( continued ) 114 , they |both get in the car and off . | ' drive ~~ — travis it 's get ag gine . ( long pause ] ( 1d hey look , I be hgngry , and I gotta get something to eaf . let 's go for lunch . hunter travis okay . they hunter no. travis okay , '' how about mcdontjd 's ? but what | about school ? wo not flip out ? I will do hompwork . let 's go 115 . ( 72 ) los angele freeway - overpass ext . / day ( 72 ) Travis and Hunter stretch out in the back of the truck eat hamburger and french cheese . they be park under a giant freeway overpass , the car hum above they . travis | ( be : '' cheese ) . not bad stuff . hunter ' Anne put it in ' lunch every day ; ( pro french ) La vache qui rit. scummy . . travis ( bad french ) Lay vass qwee ?? what ? hunter ; rerrrit . rerer-r. rerrrrit .° travis yeh . not bad . hunter where do you go all that time ? travis Mexico . hunter how come ? . travis ( after a long pause ) I do not know where else to go . : hunter but why do you have to go away ? ( continued ) 116 . ( 72 ) continued :* Travis think . 1 he look . at Hunter . travis ( pause ) I be very , very sad . I want to be alone . hunter be Mom sad , too ; she want to be alone ? travis yes . hunter you still want to be alone ? travis no. hunter where would Mom go ? travis I do not know , but now she 's in Houston . hunter ( excited ) that 's where the Space Center be . travis that 's what I want to tell you ; I be , go away now . hunter why ? ' travis I be go to find she . ( continued ) 117 . there 's a pause . there 's a long pause while Hunter think about it . scene 73 , 74 , 75 , 76 have be omitted hunter what about I ? you just find I . can I come with you ? travis what about Walt and Anne ? they will £ 1 ip | out . hunter you mean we would never come back here ? travis yeh , but I be not . sure when . hunter I want to 's come . travis you be sure ? hunter yes , I want to find she , too . when do we go ? travis right now . hunter '' ( excited ) radical ! 118~125. Rev. 12/7/83 int . late afternoon ( 77 ) trav : beli shake he head . have it . Hunter can not hunter . cucamunga , azusa , duarte , pomona , la’ . verne , San dima , padua Hills , mt. baldy ... where will we be tomorrow ? travis in Arizona . gila Bend . maybe even Tucson . hunter ( look at the map ) wow ! that 's where the space shuttle land . travis what 's a space shuttle ? hunter you do not know what the space shuttle be ? you really do not know what a space shuttle be ? travis no. honest . hunter you do not hear about that in Mexico ? ' travis no. , hunter a space shuttle be like a space repair ship . it go up to space to the space station , repair it and then come back down . . ( continued ) 126 . ged : 1 ( 77 ) _ continued : ste rewe loatpb3 0 '' : . : g7 ) ' travis would you like to go up in space ? hunter yeah . but they do not make they for kid yet . '' travis what ? hunter the spaceship . my dad , my other dad , say that they will make they when I be older ... like car . ' travis I will be darn . 's '' hunter I will be hot . ' 127 . truck stop : it 's get dark . they stop in front of a coffee shop . Travis pull out a dime and hand it to Hunter . he. point to a phone booth . hunter ( take dime ) what 's this for ? travis . do you know how to make a collect call ? you dial : the operator and when she come on , you , hunter I know how to make a collect call . travis good . you should call Walt and Anne . hunter | why ? travis because= ~ so they know where you be . so they do not worry about you . hunter what be I go to say to they ? travis you just tell they the truth . tell they you be with I , and we be on we way to Texas , hunter they be go to flip out . travis go ahead . ( continued ) ' 128. ( 78 ) continued : | and walk over t Hunter stop be turn to Travis the phone booth . ore he enter and Hunter enter the booth reluctantly Travis walk away a little bit and dikcover two giant figure of dinosaur stand behind the parking lot as fourist attraction . cur to : hupter in the pi Walt answer and accept | the call from Hunter . €13 - D rev . 11/4/83 . -- ( 78 ) . Hunter and enh . get out of the car hunter can not you do it ? travis no. li.ca not do it . | hunter why not ? travis it have to be you , walt hello . hunter ' hi , dad . walt _ cinto phone ) Hunter , where in the hell > _/ be you ? do you know what time it be ? I have be look for you everywhere . hunter we have get a radical car . it 's a real family car . . ( continued ) 129 . ( 78 ) continued : hf ei rev . l1y4/89¢ % , Hunter be get very not : sense the emotion of thé do not quite for the first time , he know how to handle it . walt Hunter , now you listen to I . where be you exactly ? you tell I éxactly where you be . hunter , near San bernardino . walt San bernardino ? Hunter , what be you do way out there ? anne ous , situation ( interrupt Walt , take the phone from he hand ) let I talk to he . 130 . ( 79 ) . walt house / family roo Walt pass the phone to Anne . | | | anne Hunter ? be you all right ? what be you do ? hunter we be on a trip , mom. anne . with Travis ? hunter yeah . we be have a great time . get this car - ~ anne where be you go ? hunter we be on we way to Texas . anne revs t1483 " . '' we you tell I exactly where you be , Hunter . tell I exactly where you be . hunter we be in a gas station . anne what 's the namie of it ? hunter Chevron . ( continued ) 131 . '' oo are tly4/83 0 ( 79 ) _continued : 1 ua — " c75 ) anne oh , my God . well , what route be you take ? . hunter I do not know . but we be go through some great town . anne like what ? hunter yuma . gila Bend , Tucson . anne across the desert ? hunter yeah . it 's gonna be great , anne Hunter , you tell Travis to turn around and come back here right now . he have no right to do this . do you understand I ? let I talk to he ... let I talk to he . . 132-133. travia make a/ sign that it oksy to hang up now . booth . be Hunter hanga up aoftly , pause , then leay phone booth and aollowa travia , who bas walk away a ( little , towar the dinosaur . . '' Travis and Hunter just gtsnd there for a while , look at 's thoae concrete dinosaur . i CUT to : Anne look 4t Walt who|has move to the patio ddor to lookjout at the landscape , " rev : '' 10/2%/83°° " " 134 , Walt and | Anne be racing down the freeway 4 n the middle of the night . * gey . 10798) 83 _ < 80 ) freeway / walt car ____ent ext . / night ( 80 ) anne he 'a not in he right mind , Walt . I do not esre if he be you brother . there 's something wrong with a man who ju : disappear with a seven - year - old boy . — walt he tell I he be go . anne but not with Hunter ! he 's not entitle to juat run off with he like that . be know it be wrong ; otherwiae he would hava talk to we about it . walt you can not blame he for take hia own aon ! anne yes I can ! I can blame he . if he want he ao bad , why do not he show up four year ago ! why do not he at least aend he a postcard ? he absndon Hunter ! that 's what he do . walt he do not know what he be do . anne and he still do not . he 's out there wander around with a child that we rsise . he 's dangerous . walt do not be crazy . anne we will never find they . walt we can track they . we know they route and the car they be drive . 135 . . , scene ,.81 . +: omitted . -.. =< . cpe bid bt rewer eoprlbs bh nerced so kee ! night ( 82 ) Hunter be lie in bed ready tojsleep and Travis sit on the bed acrog from|him . travis you be not sorry you come , be you ? hunter — oe ( pause ) no. travis you can go back to they any time you want . you just tell I , all right ? hunter I do not want to go back , travis I know . but just in case . you change you mind . another pause . hunter I be so use to call she " mom , " travis Anne ? hunter ( nod ) yeah . she sound so sad . ' travis T know . hunter what do you think Mom will look like now ? * ( continued ) y 136 , white vhate| himse . hunte# start to pull out ( the little blafk and iphotograph pf Hunter , Jane and £ . he hang it to Hunter give the photo back to Travis . travig turn off ] the light .and} Hunter turn / to go to sleep as Travis / move into the bathro : : - travis travis . reve 12/2/8333: travis I do not know . do you remember she ? hunter no , not really . just from the little movie we see -~ not for real . | ( a think ) - oh yeah , I do . yeah , I remember she hair . Fe her hair ? hunter yeah . she 's very beautiful hunter I remember that . ( look at photo ) we look happy then . travis ( shake he . head ) you keep that . 137 . mh tardino motel i " ext , / morning ( 83 ) the rancherg be the only car in the parking lot joutside the motel . the San bernardino freeway loom in in the background . Travis and Hunter comejout of the hotel room and get in the ranchero to resume they jeurn ye . | suareniinneomersceee scene 84 and 85 omitted spereesrermm emo : 138.-143. ( 86 ) montage — trip to houston 86 ) Travis and Hunter drive straight through , from Arizona to Houston . they only stop for gas and food . this should be tell in little vignettes only . the size of this montage and the complexity will totally depend on how much time we have . Travis have a ' deadline to meét . ~ he have to be in Houston on the morning of the fifth , and when they leave , it be already midday on the third . he can ! ose any more time . B ) hun of sleep on Travis ' cc ) hter look out the window at the unfamiliar landscape they pass , glance once in a whtle to Travis . note to editor : more shot than this be do , but no script note be give to I -- check with wim . . 144 , | ao '' y . sa ) a | oe ) ( 87 ) [ houston - the ranchero int . ~ ext./ day ( 87 ) | travis and hunfter drive into Houston | as the sun rise over the city . - they wve be drive all night . | : | | | | . | ) eo 145 . 8 ) the driv addr glas that Bank look and driv : fina . get : on lat ing . ly , [ houston drive -in ban ! —- the ranchero : ext . / dawn ( 88 ) irst light of day . Travis 's along look from the on he paper up at the skyscraper . then he realize the address match the drive - in that street . it 's a huge 15 lane with banking booth e front of each . set -t : at 4 trav : 8 drive around the block to all the lane . he 's exhaust lerve ~ wrack from the non-stop he pull to a stop and Hunter lout of the ranchero take one of the walkie- talky with he . he run turng around to Travis . trav : {up the entrance a few foot then hunter ( into walkie - talkie ) dad , can you read .. I ? over . travis ( into walkie - talkie ) loud and clear . be smile and wave at Hunter , then drive off around the corner to p pos ition . on the other side of the bank ( see the ranchero ; into walkie - talkie ) Hunter in position one . over . travis Travis in position two . we get it cover . yeah . I tell you this be not toy , ( continued ) 146 . ey oe oe ten-four . - travis 's no over and out . ter set the beside he , thei lape and at th where early mor} pegun . after aj : the photo of tr from he pocket he put it bac ll settles to wait ) vis , himself and Jane to.look at it . then in he pocket and the first customer of the morning have already bdgun to arrive . 147 , 'o / over to the : drive - in teller . . line to leave and stop for the car crsa 88 . y houston drive -in bank ( later ) ext . / day . 88a ) '' hubter be sound asleep on the wall unter he|was sit on earlier , the pox walkie - ~ talkie by he side . the o94 > bear sta 4 ) sun have finally reach he eye gy ae $ 9h > ) / and he slowly wake up . as he sit up , he look over to see if Travis be still across the parking lot in he ranchero . then he look Jane be at . the window in a small red chevette , just complete she transaction . she pull forward in infront of she . hun} '& look directly at she and tecbgnition suddenly hit he . he reaphes quickly into he pocket for the ! picture of he mother to compare ho she leave , as though not belly he eye . suddenly , he turn and run down the wall shouting intp he walkie-talkie to Travis . ( try to bd.discreet ) dad , she 's leave the Bank ! get over here . dad , can you hear / I ? can you hear I ? she 's leave the bank ! she 's over here ! she 's leave the bank , dad , wake up ! sad aunt oo fan run back time to q ( s$ jerk awake in a panic , the walkie-talkie beeper pierce he slleep . for|a moment , he do not understand what the fuck or what . he sit up , look for Hunter . a ( continued ) - 148. Travis start and burn tire jaround the c i beas ) x '' , , scoops he up and speed i oes . ds mo down the street . | 149 . '' oppais '' ov Tan Pew ig the Red chevette stoot up onto a freeway . | the ranchero follow , 's , but can not get close eno | 89a ) ranchero ' Travis be twist around , try to see the ear . : | : | oo fey 2 - 5 aen poe dan the 9 - 3 far | ( 89 ) hous ston freew 7 ranehero _| several tes. behind . travis} jockey ext . / day_ ( 88 ) igh evette to|be sure it 's Jane . pt pay ( 894 ) travis be you / sure it be she , Hunter ? do | she look like the picture ? hunter | prettier than the picture . travis that way you hom . . ( pause ) theref ten thousand car here , Hunter . ) how be we go to\find she ? which gno be it ? runter go faster dad , ' go faster . ++. what color be ix ? the car right ? littléy chevy . travis / do sou jes anything ? I do n'# know what it look like Hunter . you 'h ) have to help max can you see ? do you see anythi ( continued ) y 4 150 . | i | | { : i | | } | i i ' Hunter look . j lo foo i. $ a rdi ino ' oo get a ticket . I see she , I ]see she now ! ovgr there , over / there ! 151 . second red ranchero . identical , and change confuse '' i do we . ) ( 89c ) ranch the two car ahead , drive by to each other . they come one chevet fork . turn off leave . vv '' the ranphero get ich be whi a jirl that|look similar he get jumpier . a fork in the . freeway , be taki fork and one be taki Travis purst the be ext./ day _ ( 89b ) ch . int . / day ( 89c ) which one / be it ? no the right ig the leave take the|left ! take the leave ! travis you sure hunter yeah . travis okay . " be sure this be the one now ? hunter yeah . . d chevette which ( continued ) . 4 152. ut I do not thipk she recognize I . da littie bit , ' cause she at I , be blonde , huh ? ust like mine 2 travis I can'g tell from here . hunter let 's go closer , we gan wave . travis no , no , / we do not want to get too close . we mighty scare she and she would have a wreck something . | okay ? guess so . u be right , |/ Hunter . if we be travis you will @ what ? ( continued ) i 1524 . vv 's | vv RII nii inia tonne een ms | | i i vl ll oid a ambulan¢e on the freeway blo it siren in the distagce .. e eight they _ no | it 's at ambulancel , huh ? i get a yeah , it 's gettingy someone . NC travis well I ) wonder where she 's go ? . hunter ! maybe bhe 's go jo work . mare ) could be . hunter do you ) know where she work ? a aw , travis well we be go to find out , I guess . hunter , I guess so . a 1528. moment '' gof ( 90 ) port arthur street the rahchero trail the chevette on the roughly vacant street of Port Arthur the chevette drive fast , familiar with the street . Travis still qa not get close . the chevette poll into a alley . Travis ' lose jsight of it for a when he see it again , fie chevette be park behind a stoye - front building . it 's empty ..| the ranchero park behind : ite ~~ 153. fomp . a gord : : ext . / day_ ( 90a ) ' Travis jump out , look around , Hunter id he . he and Hunter examine thevet the er 's rais 's prov . it 's |locked , the around inside : | shoe , T-shirt ] , red vinyl hot-pant . bs it 's a girl 's car . do you think it 's my Mom 's . travis could be . he mdve to Hunter who 's stand on the back of the car . come on , let 's get in ' the truck and I will tell you my plan . Hunter climb in the truck and Travis leans| on the door to talk to he . travis tell you what I be go to do . I '11 be as quick as I can . I be gonna go inside and see if she 's there . stay in the car , roll up the window and lock the door . if anybody come and talk to you , tell they you dad 's inside and I will be right back out . okay . * hunter . okay . travis you all right ? hunter yeah . Travis go to the door and enter the building . 154-155 . ( 91 ) weyhole club / stair and kitchen " int . / day ( 91 ) cy ~ ' gravig ' go up nattow stait and find : himself come into the hack of a! kitchen . the place be stainless - steel , seem juntouched like something from a time capsule of the ' 5as . a old man be at ithe other end of the kitchen wt at a desk . travig do not notice the Old man at first , then see he and cross the . kitchen . ' travis Sir ? Excuse I , do a young blonde woman just go through here a couple of minute ago ? old man ; oh , they come and they go ..: all th time . . : travis | ~ what sort of a place be this ? ! . old_man : I use to run this place , you know . it be nice . you know , curry be a good cop . they have everything here when he be chief . when they change police chief , that 's when it all start to go to . hell in a hasket . value change , and we do not know which way be which . we do not know what to do . but we stick it out . we just stick it out . we stick it ! : i out ... | glx ) the o}g man ke ps talk . Travis move out of the kitchen as the Old man continue talk to he hack . Travis move up a small stairway lead to the upstairs . a 156 . g2-d | CO ) ( 92 ) keyhole club / nightclub -bar i int . / day ( 92 \u 7 : . . wee 4 ‘into another odd '' $ inge~nightclub . 's too Travis comés| place : a lo early in the run ; cha few work - lig Travis move mock ~ casually , try narse tran ' : not jto be |seen and at the same time try : to he get . halfway along the room , not ay , find she , when he hear a announcement . ( over speaker ) hs , call for you , Booth 19 . eat lunch get up to leave th gz > in full costume . prormerr lerving , around the room and girl in the bar , a off the lounge . Travis jang and turn to Travis . ( continued ) 157 , maitre df ! Sir , you be in the wrong place . ( step toward Travis ) it 's too early , all the girl be downstairs . Travis back up , look for a way g g back , look fer he . Travis the nightclub in . down some lanother costume 's through a side maitre D 's '' travis s$ pov enter the same corridor , g Travis . he stop to look out and see the boy wait with the maitye d' move on down the hall to enter th 157a . ) keyhole club / alley be have be go a few tes when Hunter decide to ore . the alley a little . he 's down the alley look the neighborhood and pass time . > ° f20 -& he come to one 6 ‘he many building that have| mural paint on they - and stop tp-look . . someone have paint ] a dirty ' word , " pussy , " in print on the mural . he pause tp look then head back for the ranchero . for 7 157b , C ) ( 93 ) keyhole club / booth room int . / day ( 93 ) trayis have step into the middle of a large , bluish dark ballroom . there are|two row of black velvet drape booth set up in the room , twelve against one|wall and twelve against the opposite walt the black booth form a long corridor hetween they . stravis pp. trayis ke - ap and down this corridor , try to figure out what this place do . ight spill out of a couple booth from 's under the black curtain door pull close . . Travis move toward the light - up booth ' listen . he can hear only muffle , break conversation . he glance around at the small placard that tag each booth with a number and place - name . reis 's pon : the . Travis duck . into one of the unused booth , pi g the curtain shut . Travis move jinto the first booth . he stand quietly , just watch Travis . 158. a ( 934 ) keyhole club / booth one . when Travis shut the curtain a little table lamp be on revealing a chair|at a small table with a - telephohe on it . draped black curtain$ soundproof the otherwise empty , dark booth . Travis git at the table . he 's jumpy . | he notice . something like a sein tape to the table ; a list of - the girl 's name opposite role category . Travis gcan the list ; hesitates ; pick on the phone . a man' voice answer {the phone . the man om the phone cut he off . abruptly , |a small room light up on the other ! side of the front wall of the booth} ( obviously this wall be glass ) . this little room be a stylize pet that suggest a kitchen . y int . / day _ ( 93a ) man' voice ( phone filter ) epenhorsiampeemranteme :. , travis I be look for a girl ... man' voice : ator travis she 's blonde ... and ... man' voice travis yeh , maybe she 's a little wild ... right . I get the girl for you . stay right on the line . ( continued ) 159 . wt . * ( 93a ) continued : i ( 938a ) . at the|jsame moment , a time - clock meter light {up in Travis ' booth and start click down the minute . in black leather jacket and fish - net stocking come into the kitchen -set . she 's im she mid-20 , strike with a no=shit attitude . in bladk a tall blonde woman , stretch , music . she yank off she jacket to reveal a black| zippere leotard under it . she 's opretght - on unblink about what she 's do . and shetmean business . she plop a tape-deck . . .- insthe :|sink , blast loud : funk-rock she lean down to the microphone . stretch hi , honey . this be she business Travis i? so throw , he start smile and sort of stutter into the phone . travis um ... hello ... hello ... stretch hello . yeah ? ' travis could you - turn it down ? off !? stretch all right . okay . I will turn it off , ( she punch the button ) off . travis I be look for a different girl . stretch what 's the matter . you do not like I ? ( continued ) 160 . ( 934 ) continued : travis yes , I like you , but ... I have to see all the girl . thanks . Travis immediately hang up the phone and exit the booth . stretch keep talk jover he action . stretch I es okay ... I do not blame you . | travis be trkuis ' pov. | the maitre D ' have be witching cautiously from another pooth in the . . | row . he peek out and watch Travis . as he move into the next booth . 161 . , sit down in the booth . he beginning to understand how this Travis 's work how and isa little more sure of himpelf . he glance at the list of girl , then scoot he chair to sit next to the phone and pick it up . . the light go on in the booth to show nurse bib burry in e out of breath and disorient . a poolgide set . a litt she step to the window / mirror and checks|her lipstick ( right opposite Travis ! face ) . then she sit and direct herself to the other end of the mitror where the customer normally sit . she try to play a nursely attitude . { : } Travis watch silently , try to figure : why she 's not look at he . Travis ' do not answer . she look around and pick up the rubber horse toy . she struggle to pull the toy on . V. man' voice ( phone filter ) pere E dr tress travis I want to see a blonde girl . kinda short , straight hair ... about 25 _ year old . of | man' voice . nurse bib hi , honey . and how be you today ? you know , out . of the twenty - four . booth in this place , this be the one I : have not work yet . what can ido for you ? how - bout some water polo ? . ( continued ) 162. ( 93c ) . CO ! tinued : 1 Travis mbve he hand around where she 's look . she obviously do not see it . | she 's uncomfortable from he silehce . * '' pravis '' Travis hang up the phone and leave the boot . nurse bib sit there for a moment , try to figure out what happen . so nurse bib well , if you could tell I where the pain be , maybe I could find a cure . why be not you look at I . nurse bib I be look at you . travis I be over here . can not you see I ? nurse bib listen sweetheart , if I could see you , I would not be here , pal . travis what do you see ? nurse bib I see what you see . nurse bib ... nurse bib with a rubber horse . travis oh , I see . thank you , nurse bib . nurse bib {to herself ) shoulda 's bring my sandwich . 162a . ( 93d ) [ keyhole club / boothroom corridor int . / day_ ( 93d ) travig look up and down the corridor like he 's in a maze . frustrate and humildiate . more and more , he 's refuse to believe that Jane 's in here . | he pick another booth . 1628. ' she laugh , pause . int . / day . ( 938 ) Travis fumble up the phone , determine . he 's} force into almost play the client , get specific . man' voice ( phone filter ) -fravis 's ~ yeah , because I be look for a particular girl . I talk to she before . she 'a get short , straight , blonde hair , and the last time I talk to she , she have on a fluffly , ahort pink dress , sorta like a sweater . man' voice mck~travis travia waite try to tell himself ing to be Jane . but jane hi. ( on the other side of the mirror ) be you out there . Travis be silent for a while the jinitial shock of hearing I aee you light 's still on , ao I guess you must be out there . Travis silent . ( continued ) i _ 162¢. log pause . slightly awkward . gq Travis stay ) jilent agajin . silence . Jane be she ask he Travis slowly open / he eyp and look at she / for the first} time . ( '' _f she smile she git in / a chair , cregse she leg and stare out the one ay nirrér , / '' / '' 4 '' she laugh . | < — — , ini SI sy pause . \v / jane | it 's all right if you do not want to talk . I do not like to talk either sometimes . I just like to be silent sometimes . do you mind if I sit down ? do you mind if I sit down ? travis > thanks . af leg hurt a little from stand all the time . be this yohr first time here ? travis yes . Z jane ? oh -- well , this whole thing must seem kind of strange to you then . ( she laugh ) I mean , you . realize that I can not see lyou even though you can see I . it take a little get use to . be I look at you face now ? vf ( continued ) 162d . for ) a oh well , it do not matter . if there 's anythigg you want to ] talk about , I will just listen . I be a real good listener . Travis be silent . Long ] pause . would for yoy ou like I tor~ do something another pause . do you / mind if I take my sweater off ? Travis. be silent . I will jhst take my supater off . suddenly violent . she stand as though tq take she sweater off . ravis yull at| / she , travis , ko! please ! leave it on ! Jane leave he ; sweate on and sit | back down . théye 's thky sense about : she now that she have tp handle this . . stranger with ' wid glo her voic be gentler now jane ( ) I be look for sogéone . Z 3 : ae ! for ( continued ) I be sorry . . I just do not know exactly what jt be you want . travis I dont want anything . why do you come here then ? 1622. Travis be siflent . ho she be , rt could try to find she for you . know.all the girl here . do sou remember she name ? travis no. 5g do you mept she somewhere else ? no. S ° y / jane 2 oh , I think you saijd this be the first timga you would beer bere . travis : 7 '' 9 . it be . / 5 jane : > well -- can you desc#ibe she for I ? gs travis 3 7 no. 2 {- jane 5 I would like of help you find she if I Z q could . ijmean , there 's not much point L . in you talk to mejif you would rather '' be talk to someone else . travis I want to / talk the yo 's / ( coytinued ) vv 162f . she pa be . another pause . 7 4 Jane laug ' ne sprlrn ito i | '' | & Travis get up : N , [ tos in IPN bnd np ns nls ' c'mon , you can teljl I . a secret . I can keep ts & t all you do > dis talk ? J well -- yes -- mostily . and listen . > fe be not allow to do you 1626 . os | l noe d ss she - 'start go . ? she stop , jo pause . > a se ' S J lf a ) / sy jae pause , stare a then sit again , slow ; ok on mirrdr . t the ly. on nu no , we do n]t , sir . we be not allow any outside relationship with the customer . travis sn yeah , but ( you can go home with they if you want\to , ..ca not gyou ? how : much extra soney do you make ! how much ! how much mney do you make . on the side ? g3e -19 ( stand ) be sorry , Sir , but I think maybe you pught to tallk with one of we other girl . I will see if I can find someone for you . travis S ( yell at ( she ) no ! / no ! no! please ! do not go ! N , 5 S jane I just do not think I ] m the one you be look far . travis do not go , ( please . lot , all right $ S sn travis I be sorry ? I just - ( conzinued ) 162h . 'o Jane ! continue know | 's go . difficult it ig to talk tola stranger sometimes . jugt try to be relax and tell * I what 's on you mind . i? 1l - list . '' I dé not mind listen . I / do it all the|tine . maitre D ' ( to bouncer ) hey , it 's okay , showboat . hej go into | the booth where Jane be int . / day ( 936 ) Jane sit in the booth alone , silent now , confuse and upset . suddenly she heat the music of a blue harmonida come over the speaker . jane slater ? he soothes she with the music . finally , Jane leave the booth while slater finish he song . 1621 scene 94 omitted ten pec Z Travis firink again . hin . Hunter look ' at Hunter patch he | but mostly keep he face turn to the hunter you do see she , do not you ? travis we will talk about it later , okay ? hunter you see she do not you ? there , be not she ? she be travis yep . ( pause ) do not worry about I drink , son . I can handle it . . 1625 . a sae pert I ( 96 ) nordheim / the 's ranchero Travis drive fast through a little town in / the middle of nowhere . then he abruptly stop , back up and swerve {back into the town . it 's just a highway junction with a gas station , a washateria , a couple of bar and a few scattered house . Travis gcreech up to one bar , the '' brqadway bar . " oo he get lout of the truck without further explanation . Hunter follow he , want ' to do something but not know | what . ext . / day fs 163. ( ey ' od broadway bar the place be like a old western setood . almost empty except for a few old people in a corner play card 7 gq . Travis and Hunter stand [ alone at the long brass and.a|shot of} tequila in front of Hunter have Travis be ( 74 - 4 for searit at the polaroid of he pb - of lamd in ais . { gq qe5 S : & ys ST ttt non ton ed bel closejup of oharota Te et 's hand | se , eI no ooo np ns ee int./ day ( 97 ) hunter ( be : Polaroid ) what 's that ? travis a vacant lot . hunter why do you take a picture of a vacant lot ? travis I do not take the picture . somebody send it . hunter who ? travis people I buy it from . 's I buy that . lot when we be all together with you Mom . I think we might live there some day . hunter where ? travis Paris ... Texas . ( continued ) 164 . pause as Hunter gtare at|the picture . | $ | ( '' Travis nod . ~ 4 - Travis look at the polardid , it dawns on he that he hope of uput thing right be over . | he try to deal with it ag a joke . } Travis take a big swig of tequila . finish the glass . for = a hunter where 's that ? travis Close to the Red River . how do you . | like it ? you mean we would just live on tbe dirt ? | travis no . . I would build a bouse . hunter do you know how to ? travis it 's easy . hunter you own this place , hey ? be that where we be go ? travis nope . well , .. maybe we ought to . maybe they find oil there while I be go . maybe ' we be millionaire . ( continued ) 165 . hunter why do you drink that stuff ? it stink . for hunt : grab nid ) coke as he get down from ithe bar rajling to walk out . travis ( over he : shoulder : to Hunter ) : - where be - - you go ? . i hunter x ais | | ( disgust ) to the truck . | , Travis take a pwig of the beer sit in front of he / and heavily lay it on the bar . travis ( after a pause ) can I have another one ... - please . a} ~~ 163a . tubter be in the set quickly . helmet earlier , brandy , be a the street at the Coke machi get a Coke and lgok curio Hunter inthe randhero . 1 cog - 2 Hunter pick up he binoculay and ' look through they at brandy jas she get on her| bicy and ride off down the stteet . va a ly scene 99 omitted ext . / dusk ( 98 ) - 1658. Travis run water over he head with he clothes on in a primitive shower outside , then put he hat back on , pick up he bottle of ~o mountain ext , / dusk Travis ' Pov of the mountain and landscape outside the primitive mexican bar . 166 . int . / night . ( 1.02 ) ( drunk , ha@f to Hunter and half to | himself ) be be not -~ this be not | the place to take a fancy woman . would you say ? £ you have a fancy woman , would you take she into a place like this ? . / | hunter what 's a fancy woman ? travis / my mother - ~o my mother , not you mother ~ - my mother be not a fancy woman . she never be .\. she never even want to be . she never even pretend to be a fancy woman / hunter S what be she ? travis she be - ~ she be just -- plain ... just a plain good woman . she be very good . she be very plain and very good . but daddy . see -- my daddy have this idea in he head like a sickness . bunter what idea ? : ( continued ) os a 168. | ( 101 ) nordhein - broadway . bar int . / night coty | ( 1-3 Travis stanis at the end of the bar , still drink , and very drunk . gladys clean up behind the bar . the place be obviously | close . | uddenly , Hunter speak to Travis ging nie out of he vision . i c . dad , this place be close now . Travis look at the boy and smile . travis okay . Hunter goeg to the door and turn to of wat} for Travis . Travis very we drunkenly move to the door frame . travis . ( to gladys ) where 's the close motel , , gladys ? ' gladys twenty -seven mile west of here . hunter ( from the sidewalk outside ) come on , dad . I know a place down the street . the 167 . be pass jout on th take it in 's . he @ moment , then go dig some quarter hutiter feed some quart t.v. and turn it on . western come on , hunt the couch to sit and tr comfortable . he keep at | Travis . a ( 102 ) . he have this idea about she . he would look at - wer and -- he would not see she . he 's ee this idea . see , he know -- he know he be just as plain as dirt on the road ... he know that ... he know he would ’never be anything but plain . so he make this idea up about she . . ( laugh ) -' he-told people she. be : from . ' * Paris . '' he even start to believe it . he actjially believe it . and she - ~ she get 60 embarrassed ... she be very shy ... Hunter look . at Travis over to| he pes of bhs hunter dad ? can I watch t.v.? travis ( half waking up , mumble ) sure. er into the a John Wayne er move to ies to get look back 169 . oy , ( 103a ) ranchero ( later ) i ext./ day ( 103a ) Hunter sit in the ranchero read the comi¢s . we see Travis come down thejopposite side of the street in the distance , carry they jaukket . Travis cross the street to get in the ranchero with Hunter . they look at ¢ach other a moment . without say alword , travis vamanos , he close the door , start the car and pullg off down Main Street . a onto pana C 103b - ] 103h ) nordheim crossroad ext . / day ( 1.038 the ranchero stop where the nordheim Main [ street meet the highway . Pan . . a sig say : " houston - 233 mile ( point leave ) san ANTONIO - 518 mile ( point right ) the cruck pause face the sign . - , Travis sit blink at the sign . he can jbarely think . he do not move . Hunter glance at he , try to read hin , finally , Hunter speak without look up be he comic . hunter Left , dad . 1030 - 2 Travis turn leave ] down the highway . 171 . [ oar ext ./morning Hunter come but of . t u washateria and gtand onl the porch look down { Main Street . the street be still fairly desert ! ~ S ie le run across the street a the street , pass one of the local slowly patio oe the e run into a little girl , bi on hey way to wait for the school bus . ° : brandy ( smile ) hi , toadhead . hunter hi , flyyface . yma ° brandy , feignin offense , shake | hand with he continue on to : the bus stop . lunter run on to [ - the phone booth nnumber . hunter . hello , Operator ... this be a collect call from Hunter . annel 's voice , talk to the operator . she bound instantly frantic . as Anne be abcept the call , he fhange he mind ) and hang up . he runb away from the pooth and get in the ranchero . 170 . Travis be in the bathroom . he stand in front of the mirror and just finighes comb he hair . he be cle shaven and have new clothes on , a black shirt and black trousers . he ldok transformed , like the Travis maybe that Jane first fall in love with . he take a. tape : recorder 's that he .. buy : for the occasion , sit down on the ¢dge of tbe bathtub and start talk into the little machine . in . the next room we see the triangle - shape glass botel room in the downtown Houston skyscraper . long} glass window - wall meet in a point like a spaceship at one end of the room . Hunter bounce around the room in a long T-shirt and sock , still wet from a bath . tape recorder ) Hunter . it 's be afraid I would never be able the right word to you in so I be try to do it like when I first see you this - at Walt 's , I be hope for all kind of thing . I be hope to show you I be you father . you show I I be . but the biggest thing I hoped| for can not come true , I know that you belong . together with 172 , Travis cohe into the room where Hunter be ps ( 03 ) houston HOTEL room ( later ) " '' tent , day _ ( 105 ) play with he toy . hunter why be you dress like that ? travis do " I " 1 éok dumb ? hunter no. ' travis i- have to go out for a while , and I want you to wait here . hunter where be you go ? ' travis back to that place again ? hunter to see Mom ? travis yes . hunter . when a I go to get to see Mom ? travis soon as I talk to she . Real soon . you wait here and do not leave the room . okay ? hunter okay , dad . ( continued ) 173. ' meeting with Jane . ( 105 ) continued : Travis kisf he on the head , then give he the little cassette recorder . play and read he comic book on the be Travis ee Hunter continue Travis drive di toward the keyho travis I make this tape hunter '' okay . for you . ext . I want you to play it agter I go . okay ? - salle day 105a . 174 , : int . / day ( 106 ) g06 ) keyhole club = booth '' ( old ced .. bane fone into the booth oe ' sil Travis be on the other side of t! irror . cari I tell you something ? '' : jane sure . anything you like . travis . it 's kind of long . jane I have plenty of time . travis 3 " know this people -- '' ite stop . $ pause . > young . about seventeen or eighteen , ST guess . and the guy be quite a bit / older . he be kind of raggedly and wild . and she be very beautiful , you know ? jane ( smile ) yeah . ( continued ) jane what people ? travis : '' this two people . they be in love '' < with each other . the girl be very ? 175 . oe the par op c2 ( dd dred ( 106 ) continued : [ 1 pt travis I mean she love he , because he be sort .of crazy , so the age do not matter . not really crazy , but he would turn everything into a kind of adventure and she like that . just a ordinary trip down to the grocery store be full of adventure . they be always laugh , about stupid thing ... he. a like to make she laugh . they do not - much care about anything else , because all they want to do be be with each other . they be always together . jane sound like they be very happy . travis yes . they be . they be real happy . and he -- he love she more than he ever feel possible . he could not stand be away from she during the day when he go to work . so he would quit . just to be home with she . then he would get another job when the money run out . then be would quit again . but pretty soon , she start to worry . dir pdlpldr ldn iir pri ns jane about what ? imag in travis money , I guess . not have enough . not know when the next check be come . in . jane I know that feel . ainsi ns travis ~ and so he start to get kind of tear inside . vy pp. , ~ ( continued ) vv 16. bs lob-3 ou meen ? welt , he xknew he have to work just to si rt ‘her , but he could not stand '. and / the ( more he be away from she , the crabier e get . excapt now , he get 1 ; really crazy . he start to imagine all LA indy of thing . 5 S like what ? rayis he gtarvéd think she be see othgr méq on the sly . he would come home frdém work and accuse she of spend thé day\with somebody else . he would yel 2 x er and braak thing in the er 's luse I , sir -- but be you in to vigit not the other dey ?. I do not 's mean ( continued ) 177 . ( 0b-3 g2 ) . _papaia ( ole - 13 + Sage gontinued : ( 106 ) . - pe ( a¥te¢ a pause ) no. jane oh . [ I think I recognize you voice far a minute . > wo : '' - he start drink pretty and he would stay out late . just to er . ted hey to get jealous , but she she jwas just worried about he at get jhim even madder . he falt that if she never get be of he , she do not really bout he . quore ) ( continued ) 178. it would ) be a sign of she love for nen one night -- one night that she be pregnant . at three or four montha ind he do not even know . ddenly everytbing change . drink and get a steady be convinced .that . she ' love ause she be carry hia he be go to dedicate make a home for she . pd to change , too . after the he do not even notice much later .. she begin to get . everything around she . everything . even the be a injustice to she . to make everything all buy she thing . take of dinner once a week . but seem to satisfy she . for gs he struggle to pull they dther like they be when . they '' but finally he know it be ing to work out . so he hit ttlé again . but this time it get mean . this time when he come back . late at night , she be not worried about he or jealous . she be just enraged . she accuse he of hold she captive by make she have a baby . she tell he she dream about escape . that be all she dream about . escape ... she see heraelf at night run . naked down .a bighway . running across field . running down riverbed . always run . and always , when she be just about to get away -- he would be there . he would stop she somehow . he would juat appear and stop ber . ~ ( more ) ( continued ) 179 . at ) travis ( cont would ) and when she tell he this dream , he believe they . he know she have to be stop or she would leave he forever . so he tie a cow bell to she ankle so he would hear at night if she try to get out of bed . but she learn how to muffle tbe bell by . stuff a sock into it and incbing . +. i. she way out of bed and into the night . he catch she one night when the sock fall out , and he hear she try to run to the highway . he catch she and he drag she back to the trailer and tie har to the stove with he belt . he just leave she there and go back to bed and lay there listen to ber scream . tben he listen to he son scream , and he - be surprised : at himself because he do not feel snything anymore . all he want to do wss sleep . and outside , the world seem very quiet . all he could hear be a distant truck . and for the first time , he wish he be far away . lose in a deep , vast country where nobody know he . somewhere without lisnguage or street . and he dreamad about this place without know its name . and when he wake up , he be on fire . there be blue flame burn the sheet of he bed . he run through the flame toward the only two people he love , but they be go . his arm be burn and he throw himself outside and roll on the wet ground . then he run . he nevar look back at the fire . he just run . he run until the sun come up and he could not run any further . when the sun go down , he run again . for five day , be run like this until every sign of man have disappear . ( continued ) 180 . sbe walk oit the door , jturn off the light and then come ba¢k . Travis turn the lamp om his face . this reverse the wierot . Jane see I face for the first time . she stare at he face . she softly povste the lglass . Jane pull away from ttle glass . there be a very long ote vo : '' jane 's - jane Travis ? travis if you turn the light off in tbere , will you be able to see I ? I do not know . I never try . travis can you see I ? jane yes . travis do you recognize I ? jane oh , Travis - ~ travis I bring Hunter with I . ( continued ) 181 . ( 106 ) continued : travis do not you want to see he ? jane yes . more than anything in the world . I want to see he so much that I could not bear imagine he anymore . anne. keep , send I photographa of . : he until I ask she to stop . I could not stand the pain of aee he grow up and miase it . travis why do not you keep he with you ? jane I could not , Travis . ( pause ) I do not have what I know he need . ( pauae ) I do not want to use he to fill all the emptiness in I . travis he need you now . he want to see you . ( jane be he with you now ? travis he 's wait for you . ave . where ? travis he 's in the meridian Hotel . room 1520 . ( continued ) oe ~ . 182. Travis stand . Travis just stand there . Long pauvae . she stare at he through the glass . Travis just stand there . for a while . 's enanrl Long , pause . . . jane you be not go , be you ? travis ( stare at the mirror ) ‘f es not see you , jane do not go yet . jane I -- I use to make up long speech to you . after you leave . I use to talk to you all the time , even though I be alone . I walk around for month talk to you . now I do not know whst to aay . it be easier when I just imagine you . I even imagine you talk back to I . the two of we . we would have long conversation . it be almost like you be there . . I could see you and smell you . I could hear you voice . sometimes you voice would wske I up . I would hear it in the middle of the night just like you be there in the room with I . then slowly it fade . I could not picture you anymore . I try to talk out loud to you like I use to , but there be nothing there . I could not hesr you . then -- I just give up . everything stop . you -- just disappear . _ now I be work here . I hear you voice all the time . every man have you voice . ( continued ) 183. 's . ( 206 ) continued . : ( 106 ) os there be no goodbye . leave . [ bb Jane stand in room and turn she look at the last time . . Travis just pe corner of she the light again . place for the a " travis I will tell Hunter you be come . jane Travis ? ( pause ) I will be there . good . jane meridian Hotel ? travis room 1520 . 184 . coba - houston HOTEL room - Hunter / listen to / Travis ' tape . ( juat from where we leave off when Travis ] speak into| the recorder . ) travis ( v.0 . ) ( voice on recorder ) ... you belong together with you mother . it be I that . tore you apart . and I owe it to | pe I een inate sag 3g 8 basra you to bring you back together . but I can not stay with you . I could never heal up what happen . that 's just the way it be . I can not even hardly remember what happen . it 'a like a gap . but it leave I alone in a way that I will never get over . and right now I be afraid . I be afraid of walk bo , . away again . I be afraid of what I . : might find . but I be even more afraid of not face this fear . I love you , p Hunter . I love you more than my life . a i '' . Hunter look out ! the window at [ the ) skyscraper around he . 185 . ted , scene - 107 and 107a .-- omitted -_ tris [ scx / night deve be the jhotel room |with the|key he give she . ix be play in the corner and do not notice she at ) first . then he and see she . nane and Hunter move , stare at each other . do not seem ttoknow what to do . playding with she haix , he emhrase he mother . he hold he tighter , turn he a} little . then ( Hunter '' hee to Jane and stirte now ter fate the hwindow / wall look over Jane 's shoulder . night ( 107 int . C , : | '' now Hunter see Travis and the 's golitary ranchero on| the roof of the parking scenh 107d - ommette in int . / night ( 107e ) ( 107e ) houston HOTEL . room Hunter see Travis get into the ranchero and drive down into the parking garage . be 108 ) houston freeway ext , / sunset ( i08 ) _. ( note to editor : this scene be initially shot as " X " as there be no 8 tran pov. place in the script for it yet . it now become sc . 108 ) Travis drive down the freeway as the sun set in Houston , the eity seem to rise out of the light . 186 . pete aad pl no fe rews 12/9783..0 os ( 109 ) paris , TEXAS scs ext , day 105 ) Travis work on the house . he 's get a long way to go . clo ) paris ; TEXAS post office , " int . / day ( i10 ) ~ ile . . Travis pick up some equipment he 's order for the house . the mail clerk stop he as he 's leave . mail clerk we get a little box ; . come in General Delivery for you last Friday . Mr. Henderson , wait -- the clerk go back and bring out a hand -size box . Travis take it . Travis stop in the middle of the lobby and inspect the small box . it have spaceship stick all over it . he open thé box and slide out a plastic container of Super - 8 film . that *s all . that 's in the box . image of Hunter and Jane travel acrosg the country . they pass the camerq back and forth and wave . huntey say ( without sound ) , " I love you , dad . " Jane say ( without sound ) , . ss 188.