pariah written by Dee Rees super : " wherever the bird with no feet flew , she found tree with no limb . " --- audre lorde fade in : 1 ext / int . nightclub - evening 1 a disembody gaggle of jersey clad shoulder , jeans , and hat cross a narrow street . light flare , hand be stamp , torso be pat down . money exchange hand . we descend into a black , throbbing tunnel . explicit music boom from bassy club speaker . hip , leg foot dance . a go - go dancer strut and wiggle around a brass pole . hoot and cheer . the dancer march in place , roll she thonge bottom . more cheer , greedy hand stuff dollar into she waistband . female dj ( o.s. ) let 's go ! where all my sexy sagittarian lady at ? arm go up . a collection of whoops ripple the crowd . the dancer wrap she leg around the pole and ooze upward headfirst . the camera rotate as she stretch she boot heel into the crowd . we realize that she have be dance on the ceiling . female dj ( o.s. ) oh my God ! alike ( pronounce ah-lee -kay ) , 17 , cover she mouth , laugh and wide - eye . she try to back away from the stage , but be push forward by a torrent of eager arm wave dollar bill . among they be LAURA , 18 , worldly and smooth . LAURA where you singles at ?!! where you singles at ?!! yeah , baby ! Laura strain over alike 's shoulder to tuck a bill into the dancer 's boot . alike drop she beer in all the jostling . female dj goddamn I love my job ! Laura stuff a bill into alike 's now empty hand and forcibly wave alike 's wrist in the air . 2 . alike pull free just as the dancer take notice and begin to direct she attention at she . alike stop ! chill !! LAURA whatchu ' come here for ?! alike shove the dollar bill into Laura 's chest and shoulder she way past the wall of onlooker surround the stage . Laura shrug , put the bill in she tooth and lay she head at the edge of the stage . alike look away and break through a snarl of clubgoer just as the dancer begin to descend . alike Excuse I . sorry . Excuse I . oof , sorry lady . finally free of the throng , alike take a breath and look at the clock on she cell phone . alike ( cont 'd ) shit ! she roll she eye back to the stage where Laura be no longer visible . not dare to risk another plunge into the throbbing crowd , she retreat for the bar . female dj let 's go ! 2 int . nightclub bar - night 2 alike beach at a empty spot at the bar . her gaze settles on a cute girl a little way down , stare out at the dance floor . alike jerk she eye away and smooth the front of she shirt and adjust she hat as she edge toward the girl . alike hi. the girl ignore she . alike clear she throat and speak a little too loudly . alike ( cont 'd ) umm ... hey ! how be you ?! the girl jerk around and frown at alike , look she up and down . cute girl what ?! 3. alike umm ... sorry . I be just sayin ' umm ...hi. cute girl oh. the girl dismiss alike and turn back toward the floor . alike oh . you wanna drink or something ? hey ! hey ! over here ! alike strain , snap at the bartender . a confident woman swagger up close to the girl and extend she hand . the cute girl take it and allow herself to be lead to the dance floor . alike look around just in time to see she leave . the bartender finally materialize , and alike slink away . 3 int . nightclub bathroom - night 3 alike slump into a long line of woman wait to squeeze the cramped , 2 stall bathroom . a couple in front of she make out vigorously , and she fold she arm and look away . a buff 30 - something woman with locs smile and wink at alike . alike smile and fidget with she eyebrow and look away . the line inch forward . alike glance around search for the woman . the 30 - something have already lose interest , she attention now fully direct at a much more feminine woman strutting out of the restroom . embarrass , alike face front again . two androgynous gangster ( ags ) who have witness the whole thing nudge each other and sneer . alike square she shoulder and widen she stance . one of the AG 's break out in laughter and they turn around as the line inch forward again . alike pretend not to notice and slump out of line and retreat for a lonely oasis of couch along the wall . 4 int . nightclub couch - later 4 alike doze on the couch . female dj give it up for sin-a-min lady !! alike wake with a start . she check the time on she cell phone . cursing , she scramble up from the couch . 4. 5 int . nightclub bar - evening 5 Laura dance with a cute short haire girl . alike spot the pair from afar and head in they direction . alike c'mon , we be late . LAURA huh ? alike I gotta go ! LAURA hold on a minute . alike c'mon , why you trippin' ? LAURA what ? alike why be you trippin ' , you know I gotta go ! LAURA what ? alike you know I gotta go . I 'ma get in trouble . LAURA lemme dance with shortie first , then I will be ready . alike what ? Laura spin the short haire on the dance floor and the pair continue they wobble , uneven groove . alike endure several moment of invisibility as a sea of woman , both " feminine " and " butch " push past she without a second glance . alike tug at Laura 's jersey . Laura , happily tangle in she dance partner 's embrace roll she eye . LAURA stop pull on my clothes ! 5 . 6 ext . bus stop - night 6 Laura sulk , frown out at the night . alike extend the olive branch . alike how many number you get ? one ? LAURA I could have get more , but you mom be hold I up . alike oooh . that 's jack up . LAURA how many you get ? alike tonya , denise , shelley . no wait that 's old , I can delete that one . tonya ... Laura snatch the phone from alike . alike swipe at it but miss . Laura fend she off with one hand and scroll through the number with the other . LAURA ai not shelley that chick from you math class ?! denise ... what ? this be you damn study group number ! why you frontin ' ?! alike snatch the phone and wipe the screen with she sleeve . alike I do not see you with no list of number . LAURA I be not the one look for a girlfriend , man . you the one still a virgin ! alike shut up ! LAURA try to help you ass . I be sayin ' , whatchu waitin ' for ?! alike shrug it off , she smile fade a little . Laura elbow she and sneer . 6. LAURA kickin ' that same `ol quiet shit since 6th grade . I do not need to press , I get plenty . shit . alike wah -wah . LAURA I get more pussy than you daddy , nigga , what ?! alike oh shit !! yeah , you get I with that one . 7 int . bus - night 7 alike become more quiet and less playful as the ride wear on . a middle - class bronx landscape , well - light with a newly construct Starbucks and renovate condo flit by the window . alike reach over and press the tape . Laura elbow alike . LAURA quit play . alike you stop . LAURA huh ? alike you stop -- you be get off here , right ? LAURA Nah , I will roll with you a few more stop . alike why you go ' walk all the way back down for ? that 's stupid . LAURA make sure you get home okay . the bus pull to the curb . the light flick on over the back door . 7. alike you be not big , nigga . try to protect somebody . hurry up , man , get off ! LAURA ( to bus driver ) that 's alright man - - next stop . next stop ! alike elbow Laura sharply . the bus driver frown in the rear view . LAURA you be not gotta push I , why be you beastin' ? alike I be not beastin' . Laura climb over alike and swing toward the door . LAURA you get a problem . call I . alike I 'ma call you . alike turn and watch Laura stroll away . Laura drum a little beat on alike 's window as the bus pull off . alike wave and face forward again . a old lady sit nearby shoot she a disapprove look . alike roll she eye and move to a seat farther away . 8 int . bus - continuous 8 alike study she reflection in the window , and take a breath . she unbutton she bulky men' shirt to reveal a fitting baby doll shirt that read " princess . " she stuff she baseball cap and durag into she backpack and jab a pair of small gold hoop earring into she ear . she slump back against the seat and stare into the night . the bus stop at a lonely island of curb . alike be a dark silhouette sprinting around the corner and into the night . 9 int . alike' apartment - night 9 alike crack open the front door just wide enough to slip through . the house be dark except for the flash microwave clock . 8. alike take off she sneaker and pad down the hallway . her young sister , sharonda 's door crack open as she pass . sharonda you late . alike ( whisper ) be quiet . sharonda where you be this late ? alike ( whisper ) movie . sharonda Movie end at midnight . alike ( whisper ) shhh . shut up . alike shove she sister and try to close the door . sharonda yank the door open wider . sharonda ( whisper ) do not push I . alike ( whisper ) go to bed . sharonda I know what stay open past midnight . sharonda put a hand to she head and do a little dance . alike shut up ! alike ease sharonda 's door shut . sharonda swing the door open wide . sharonda good night Lee ! sharonda slam she door . the light click on underneath alike 's parent 's door . 9. audrey ( o.s. ) Lee ? Lee ?! alike roll she eye at she sister 's close door and shrug into she room . 10 int . alike' bedroom - night 10 alike rush to shove she stuff backpack under the bed . she toss she shoe in the closet just as she mother , audrey appear in the doorway . audrey Nice to know you still live here . alike peel off she sock and slump on the bed . audrey ( cont 'd ) what be you do home so late , anyway ? alike lose track of time . audrey you know what time you curfew be . where be you ? alike movie . audrey the show end at midnight . and you curfew be twelve thirty . alike I lose track of time . audrey get cozy in the doorjamb . alike turn she back on she and slump into pajamas . audrey at least you be cute . where would you get that shirt ? ` princess ' . I like that . alike wind the princess shirt around she fist and launch to the top of the closet . alike it 's old . 10 . audrey compliment you figure . I see something just like it on sale , maybe we could go shopping -- alike goodnight . audrey stiffen and pull she robe tighter . vinegar replace honey in she demeanor as the warmth drain out of she voice . audrey I really do not care for that young lady you run around with anyway . alike yeah , okay ! audrey and tie you head up . alike snag a satin headscarf from the nightstand and slap it around she head . audrey ( cont 'd ) it 's you head . and you really should wash you face , too . alike I do not have on make -up . audrey wash you face anyway . alike Mom . I be seventeen year old , please do not talk to I like -- audrey watch you tone . ( beat ) well , it 's you skin . audrey leave . alike be still . she listen for the door to she parent 's room to shut before snatching off the scarf and storming to the bathroom . 11 int . bathroom - night 11 alike turn on the faucet , wet the soap and put it back in the dish , wet she wash cloth and put it back on the rack . she plop down on the toilet and look up . a crucifix frown down at she from the wall . 11 . she avert she eye and stand to leave . audrey ( o.s. ) do you brush you tooth ? alike wet she toothbrush and throw it back into the holder . audrey ( o.s. ) Lee ? alike squeeze out a dollop of toothpaste and smear a little around the sink . she stare at she reflection . audrey ( o.s. ) Lee ? alike flick water droplet at the mirror for good measure . alike yes , mom . 12 ext . school - morning 12 alike , bundle in a oversize hoodie edge up to the perimeter of campus and wait against a bus shelter . student horseplay and mill about the entrance in group , chugge they morning fantas and munch on snack cake . the school bell ring and the lawn slowly empty into the building . alike shift she weight and check she watch as the last straggler finally trickle in . she yank she hoodie tighter and launch across the lawn and into the building . 13 int . school hallway - morning 13 a second school bell sound and the din of slamm locker and jubilant chatter die to a hush as student shuffle into classroom . alike crack the back stairwell door and peek out into the mostly empty hallway before tear for the bathroom . one last straggler bina , a 17 year - old girl with mature , but down - to -earth good look rush past alike . the two exchange a brief , confuse look then mutually dismiss each other as they hurry in opposite direction . 14 int . school bathroom - morning 14 alike hurtle into the handicapped stall and snap it shut behind she . she rip off she hoodie and the " girly " shirt beneath and fling they to the floor . she pull out a pair of wife - beater from she bag and pull they over she head . she unwad a polo shirt and yank it over she head . 12 . she stare at she reflection in the window and try unsuccessfully to smooth she shirt . her eye scour she reflection again and again for any imperfection . she spot the earring and yank they out of she ear . the late bell beckon and alike stuff she " feminine " clothes into she backpack and bolt . 15 int . math classroom - day 15 the math teacher glide up and down the aisle pass out grade test . a chorus of groan follow in she wake . math teacher as promise , I will be grade this on a curve . alike be fold into the backmost corner of the classroom . the desk in front she and beside she be empty . she be ignore as the rest of the class chatter and pass note . math teacher ( cont 'd ) but the high grade on the test be a 98 . the math teacher put alike 's test on she desk and give she a little smile . alike do not smile back . the lunch bell ring and the class be a tornado , clear the room in a rush of limb , shout , and backpack . alike jab she headphone into she ear and pack she bag very deliberately , let the eye of the storm pass over she before head toward the door . 16 int . school cafeteria - day 16 the cafeteria be a whirl of activity and social jockey . cluster of girl and boy loud -talk , flirt , fight and horseplay at table and in tight little group against the wall . alike walk alone , stay at the fringe of the crowd and shrug through the cafeteria line . 17 int . school hallway - day 17 alike flee the cafeteria , tray laden with rubbery cuisine of dubious nutritional value . she rap on the door of a classroom and slip in . mrs . alvarado ( o.s. ) hey there ! 13 . 18 int . ap english classroom - day 18 alike hey ! mrs . alvarado , a middle age Californian ex-hippie type recline with she foot on she desk , munch on celery stick and sunflower seed paste . her small desk radio play alternative rock . Sun beam into the empty classroom and alike squint as she yank the headphone out of she ear and pull up a chair next to she desk . mrs . alvarado whaddja bring I ? alike nothin ' you can eat . mrs . alvarado you should not be eatin ' that crap , either . alike ( over a mouthful of pizza ) I know . mrs . alvarado sooo , where 's the new stuff ? alike hand over she purple and white composition book . Mrs. Alvarado thumb the page , read silently . mrs . alvarado hmmm . alike do you see the one in the back ? Mrs. Alvarado flip to the back of the book and she mouth move silently as she read . alike ( cont 'd ) I will probably do it in class . Mrs. Alvarado hand the book back to alike and dig in to another celery stick . alike so ? mrs . alvarado so what ? 14 . alike what do you think ? mrs . alvarado they be okay . alike okay ? mrs . alvarado they be lovely . of course you descriptiveness and use of alliteration be beautiful and all , you know that . but ... I do not know . be it you best ? no. alike frown through the page of the composition book . alike I think it be good . mrs . alvarado it 's good . not great . alike slump back into she seat and consider the book 's cover . mrs . alvarado I believe you can go deeper . 19 int . hospital corridor - afternoon 19 audrey be a heat - seek missile , whipping through the sparse hallway of the trauma wing , she clipboard and pen in constant motion . nurse and aide scatter in she wake , suddenly busy themselves with little bit of chore work to avoid she caustic gaze . she bark at a cluster of clerk chit - chat in the elevator bank and all but one manage to escape . audrey drill she . audrey oh , so you log be all up to date ? clerk no I -- audrey and you have check the round for any call ? clerk well I -- 15 . audrey do you even know which doctor be on the floor ? clerk no mar 'am I - - audrey then I suggest you get busy . the clerk skitter off red-face , and audrey look dagger into she back before storming the break room . 20 int . hospital break room - continuous 20 audrey whisk she lunch bag out of the fridge and head toward a table . a few loung aide wad up they garbage and flee the break room . audrey settles down at the table and pull a fashion magazine from she work tote , pretend not to be hurt . she peel open a cup of vanilla yogurt and begin read . a big red department store bag sit next to she work tote . the television suspend over the table mumble corporate healthcare infomercials . mrs . singletary , one of audrey 's co-worker swoops in and plop a plastic grocery bag on the table across from she . mrs . singletary hey girl ! mind if I sit here ? audrey no , not at all . help yourself . mrs . singletary whatchu get there ? you be shopping ? audrey oh , no . just some yogurt . some vanilla yogurt . mrs . singletary no I mean in the bag . what do you have in the shopping bag -- the big red thing ? audrey oh I be ... I do not know where my mind be ... yeah , this be just uh -- well let I get you opinion . audrey 's steely exterior melt away and suddenly she be all butterfly and giggle . she rifle through the bag and hoist out a pink ribbed v-neck sweater . 16 . mrs . singletary oh that 's nice . audrey yeah see be not this cute ? mrs . singletary umm-hmm . that 's for you daughter ? audrey yeah , this be for alike . mrs . singletary the youngest one . audrey no she 's the oldest one . mrs . singletary oh , the other one . okay . audrey what , you think it 's too young ? mrs . singletary no , no . for whatever reason the youngest one pop in my mind first . but I think it should be fine . it 's really cute . audrey thank you . mrs . singletary it will compliment she figure . audrey now see that 's what I think ... but Lee do not like anything I pick out for she anymore . Mrs. singletary take a bite of she lunch and take the sweater from audrey . mrs . singletary girl , please . my oldest , 17 go on 27 mind you , ban I from buy she any more clothes . we have two completely different taste . I just give she gift card now and trust I , we be both happier for it . be it she birthday ? 17 . Mrs. singletary hand the sweater back to audrey who smooth it carefully back into the tissue paper . audrey no , no . I just want to get she something nice . you know . Three rowdy CO -worker burst into the room chatter and finger pop . rowdy CO - worker # 1 hey , Brenda ! rowdy CO - worker # 2 rowdy CO - worker # 3 oooooh audrey , you get I a what 'chall in here talk present ? about ? audrey well , no we -- mrs . singletary none of yo ' damn business !! the co-worker hoot in unison and descend upon the various part of the breakroom . audrey shove the sweater back in the bag and nestle it between she foot . somebody crank on a small radio and a frisky r&amp ; B beat invade the air . Mrs. singletary pat audrey on the arm . mrs . singletary let I know how it go . audrey oh I will . I will call you when -- rowdy CO - worker # 3 hey bren ' this be what I be tell you about !! co-worker # 3 shove a tabloid in Mrs. singletary 's face , tapping a angry orange fingernail in the middle of the page . mrs . singletary be that she ?! rowdy CO - worker # 3 rowdy CO - worker # 2 told you ! look how big she do get ! the center of the room shift and audrey be once again alone at the fringe . she collect she shopping bag and look around to say goodbye , but no one notice she leave . 18. 21 int . alike' kitchen - evening 21 audrey , sharonda , alike , and they father , arthur , 40 - something with a use - to - be athletic build , be all gather around the dinner table for a rare family dinner . everyone take half - heart nibble at they food avoid eye contact with each other . sharonda pick at she food . sharonda I do not see why we can not just watch tv like usual . alike elbow sharonda . sharonda quit it ! alike shut up . sharonda you do not tell I what to do ! audrey Girls . the phone ring and Arthur beat a path to bedroom to get it . audrey wilt . arthur I be expect a call . audrey stare after he then glare back at alike and sharonda . audrey this be you father 's night off . alike cast a glance in the direction of the bedroom , where Arthur can be hear talk in hushed tone . she roll she eye and slink down into she seat . audrey ( cont 'd ) so straighten up . Arthur settles back into he chair , he mood a little brighter . see a opportunity for brownie point , sharonda pitch in . sharonda homecome get move this year . it 's gonna be in September instead of October . 19 . audrey oh really ? sharonda yeah . which mean I will be able to go to Autumn Ball and the homecome dance . audrey who be you go with ? sharonda I do not know . maybe derek . if he ask I . maybe parrish . I have not decide yet . but for homecome , I definitely want to go with Craig . audrey oooh , I see . Lee , who be you go with ? alike umm . I be not go . Arthur give alike a approve daddy 's girl wink . alike beam back . audrey not go ? this be you junior year . how can you not go ? arthur leave she alone audrey , if do not want to go , she do not have to go . audrey but it 's she junior year , she 's not gonna have any memory . arthur I do not like all that boy buzzing around my daughter anyway . sharonda nobody buzze around alike . arthur that 's right and it better stay that way . matter of fact , I do not know if I 'ma let you go . sharonda daaa-aad ?! 20 . alike smirk and take she plate to the sink . Arthur jab she on the arm as she walk by . audrey tear into a dinner roll shoot dagger at anyone who dare to make eye contact . 22 int . laura' kitchen - night 22 Laura bring a steaming cup of ramen noodle to a wear kitchen table splay with bill . her older sister candace , a stout 30 something with pleasant but hard - work look scribbles note on the back of a envelope while soaking she foot . Laura take a sip of she soup and start sifting through a pile of envelope . LAURA how much we pay he last time ? candace six twenty - five . LAURA so that make -- we owe another two seventy - five for the rest of the month . candace peck on a calculator and scribbles on the envelope . Laura flip through more bill . LAURA ( cont 'd ) electric ? candace half . LAURA phone ? candace let it ride . LAURA Gas ? candace how much ? LAURA eighty -five . candace half . no let it ride . Laura lock she hand on top of she head and lean back in she chair , surveying the financial carnage . 21 . candace reach inside a ceramic hen on the table and pull out a wad of money . she count out several hundred dollar into a envelope . LAURA I can get some more hour -- candace no . you know what you need to do . LAURA Nah candy , I can not just dip out on you like that -- candace I be do just fine before you move in , remember ? I can handle it . Laura suck she tooth . candace ( cont 'd ) you work be only suppose to be temporary . Mom would have want -- LAURA who ?! man , do not even -- candace she would have -- LAURA stop . Laura push up from the table and glare at candace , a showdown . candace stare back , unfaze . Laura cave first . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I will get the money order in the morning . Laura tug at the envelope but candace do not let go right away . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I will look into it alright ? candace relinquish the envelope and Laura stalk off down the hallway to she room . candace the next test be come up soon ! 22. LAURA ( o.s. ) I say I will look into it ! candace smile wanly and sip she soup . she take a foot out of the water and knead it . 23 int . school bathroom - morning 23 alike slam into she usual stall and launch into she ` superman ' change routine . she unroll pull a jersey from she backpack and yank it over she head . 24 ext . school lawn - afternoon 24 alike sit off to one side of the stair , headphone into oblivion and scribbling into she composition book . a group of fast girl strut by and encamp on the opposite wall , giggle and yakking on cell phone . one of the girl , mika cut a flirty smile at alike . alike turn away and bury herself in she book , but crank down the volume on she ipod . mika' friend it be like seven of we -- I , khalil , Misha , tamara .... fast girl # 2 tamara Marks ? mika' friend heeeell no -- fat tamara . mika oh I be about to say , tamara Marks be a ughh -- I can not stand she . mika' friend anyway , it be all of we and oh Laura , you know that girl from the restaurant ? she be there with one of she friend . alike 's ear prick up . mika that gay chick ? ya will be hang like that ? mika' friend yeah , well it 's a couple of they . she 's mad cool though , so sometime she come out with we every now and then , anyway -- 23. mika man , y'all be doin ' it on it weekend , let I find out ! fast girl # 2 I tell you butt to come . mika' friend but anyway -- mika some of they AG 's be kinda cute -- I be not say I would , but I would holla . fast girl # 2 I do not know about all that . mika be not that one of they over there ? what 's she name ? amika ?-- alisha ? the pack direct they attention at alike . alike profile and attempt to look casual . mika' friend alike . mika yeah , alike -- she 's cute too . fast girl # 2 uugh . I do not be look at they all like that . mika smile as she eye travel down alike 's physique . alike , aware of the admire gaze tug and smooth at she shirt unnecessarily . she lick she lip and readjust the book in she lap , fight hard to keep the grin off she face . mika look , I be not gay -- but if I be gay I might talk to she . mika' friend she 's in the middle anyway . mika yeah , but if she be just a little more harder -- alike look over and start to nod when a cute boy with locs swagger up to the girl , draw they rapt attention . 24 . cute boy ` sup lady ? mika fast girl # 2 heeeey . what 's up ? the girl erupt into titter , and they melt into conversation . alike deflate , watch they over the top of she book . she observe every little moment between the girl and the boy , every wink . another boy join the group and they stroll off down the sidewalk . alike pluck the headphone out of she ear , watch they leave . mika cast a parting glance over she shoulder at alike . remnant 's of alike 's grin return reflexively . mika 's friend jerk she elbow around . mika' friend oooh -- let I find out , mika . you act like you bi - or something . mika I like girl but I love boy . fast girl # 2 fast girl # 1 umm hmm ! I can not tell ! alike wait for they to disappear from view before snatching up she bag and bolt in the opposite direction . 25 ext. / int . - restaurant stockroom - day 25 Laura hoist a box of french fries onto she shoulder and move inside the restaurant . LAURA watch out , it 's slippery . alike so what do you think ? LAURA I already tell you what I think . alike but you know she , right ? LAURA I say I know of she , I do not know she know she . alike heft up a box and follow Laura back into the restaurant . 25 . alike I be say , you know she friend , right ? you gonna introduce we ? LAURA just put that on that stack right there . yeah , thank you . alike you listen ? LAURA I be listen -- all I be say be -- pass I that milkshake mix right there . alike toss Laura a bladder of milkshake mix . Laura catch it . LAURA all I be say be that I do not think you should put yourself out there like that . especially if you do not even know if she like you like that . alike she do . LAURA how do you know she do ? alike I just know she do . LAURA hmmph . we will see . Laura hold out she hand as if check for rain and scan the ceiling . alike what be you do ? LAURA I think I feel a drop of pig shit . alike shut up . 26 . LAURA all I know be I be try to get you to holla at girl in the club for the longest . alike I do not want to holla at girl in the club . LAURA obviously . why you press about this chick ? alike shrug . alike I want to ask you about something else too . LAURA oh God , what now ? alike I need you to get something for I . LAURA what ?! alike cock she head at Laura . Laura frown back . LAURA what ?! alike just for my image . alike raise she eyebrow . Laura shake she head . the light bulb go off . she roar in disbelief . LAURA whaaaaat ???!! you try to strap !!?? whaaatt ?!! oh my God , what be you go through ... alike please . LAURA what difference you think have a bulge in you pants go ' make ? alike pleeeeease . by next Friday . 27 . LAURA next Friday ?! okay -- whatever . oh my God I can not believe you ! alright . yeah . she better be cute for all of this ... 26 int . alike' bedroom - afternoon 26 alike stare at herself in a floor length bedroom mirror in she underwear . LAURA I think it look natural . a peach - color dildo dangle stiffly from alike 's waist . the harness bunch she boxer in clumsy tuft . alike appraise the racially inappropriate apparatus and shoot Laura a look . LAURA I be serious , I mean it do not look that bad . alike I can not believe you . alike frown at the dildo in profile . LAURA what ?! alike Laura , this do not look right . I 'ma look stupid . LAURA well , first of all -- I do not think its suppose to be on top of you underwear like that . alike I be not put this thing next to my skin , it pinch already . alike yank at the harness and she boxer try to pull it out of she bottom . LAURA it 's suppose to fit like that . alike they do not have any brown ? 28 . LAURA I do not have time for all of that . the brown one be too big , anyway . alike struggle with the apparatus . Laura smile . alike ugh ! you gotta take it back . LAURA I can not take it back . alike here 's the receipt ! LAURA unh-unh . I be not go back in there . one time be embarrassing enough . alike you grow ! LAURA still what if somebody would see I in there ? I be not go back , that 's it . alike then where 's my change ? sharonda burst into the room . sharonda Lee , where would you put my make - up case ... ahhh I 'm gon ' tell . ooh lee , i'ma tell daddy ! Laura leap from the bed and block sharonda 's path to the doorway . alike tackle sharonda and wrestle she down to the floor . Laura slam the door , shut and lock it . sharonda eeew get that thing , off a I ! get it off I it 's nasty ! I be tellin' ! LAURA shhh !! alike shut up !!! think you lock the door ?! 29 . sharonda eeew . get it offa I ! LAURA I do ! alike ok , look I be offa you . just be quiet and calm down . sharonda I be tellin ' that you get that thing . LAURA you can not tell . sharonda I be tell . alike shut up . sharonda it look nasty . alike ( to Laura ) see , I tell you so . sharonda where 's my make up case ? I know you get it . alike I just borrow it . alike pull off the dildo and harness . sharonda give it back . alike fish the make - up case out of she backpack . she hold it out to sharonda . sharonda reach for it . alike jerk it back . alike promise you will not tell . sharonda give it back . alike flip open the make up case and jab the dildo at it , stop short of the surface of the make up . 30 . sharonda lee , stop it eeew !!! I just get that one . LAURA shhh !! sharonda do not touch it with that ... eeww that 's so nasty . c'mon Lee give it back . LAURA then promise you will not tell . alike promise ... sharonda ughh , I hate you . alike jab the dildo closer to the make -up . sharonda ok , ok I will not tell . daag ! alike toss the case at sharonda who scramble to catch it . alike wrap the dildo back up in the bag and hide it behind she headboard . sharonda saunter out into the hallway . sharonda I be still tellin' audrey tellin ' what ? audrey peer into the bedroom from the hallway , still dress for work , shoulder stoop from the weight of she tote bag . alike sharonda noth -- she take my makeup again . audrey Lee ... ( notice Laura ) oh. hello Laura , I do not see you stand there . LAURA hi Mrs. Freeman . audrey how 's you mother ? 31 . LAURA I have not speak to she in awhile . she 's fine . audrey well I hope so . and I be so glad to hear you sister finally get back on she foot . be not she -- LAURA she 's good . alike Mom ?! audrey fix Laura with another hard glance and shoos sharonda down the hallway . Laura start to shut the door , but audrey stop it with she arm . audrey I think we will just leave this open . let some air circulate in here . LAURA I be just about to leave , anyway . so ... audrey linger , look back and forth between Laura and alike . alike frown at she mother . satisfied that the conversation be over , audrey move off toward she room . Laura check to make sure she 's go and whisper to alike . LAURA just try it . 27 int . nightclub couch - evening 27 alike squirm in she seat . LAURA will you chill ? you just gotta get use to it . alike tug at she crotch and attempt to cross she leg . alike Owwww ! alike uncross she leg and yank at she jeans . Laura bat she hand away . 32 . LAURA sit still , people go ' think you get something . alike this joint hurt , man . I 'ma go take it off . LAURA you not go ' take it off . alike I be gonna take it off . LAURA where you gonna take it off at ? alike in the bathroom . LAURA then where you go ' put it ? you gonna walk around the club with a dick in you hand ? chill . I know we should not have do this . you blowin ' I right now . alike then I be out . LAURA Nah , you be `bout to stay and go through this . you be the one who want to meet she , not I . alike then you come on , too . hurry up -- a group of girl approach , one of they we recognize as mika , the girl that like alike , from the bathroom . Laura stand to greet they . nervous introduction all around . Laura shoot alike a warning glance . 28 int . nightclub couch - later 28 Laura be hugge up with two girl at the end of the couch . alike fidget in she seat and keep pull at the knee of she jeans . mika hand in chin , stare into space . alike do another pull - fidget combo . mika roll she eye at she . mika you alright ? 33. alike yeah , no , yeah it 's just -- there 's a spring in the cushion or something . mika you wanna switch seat ? alike no , I be good . mika and you do not wanna dance ? LAURA hey ya will we be about to go dance ! alike no , no not really . I be not really feel the music . mika sigh and look around at the other dance couple . alike give she jeans another torture tug . agonize minute of awkward booming silence . mika well you do not mind right ? I mean you do not mind if I go dance with somebody else ? alike no , do you thing . mika if you change you mind -- alike no , no it 's cool . mika escape the couch and disappear into the crowd . 29 int . alike' apartment - night 29 alike slip off she shoe and ease through the kitchen . audrey flick on the light , block the hallway entrance . audrey I hope it be worth it . alike Mom I lose -- audrey save it . 34 . alike it will not happen -- audrey oh I know it will not . 30 int . alike' bedroom - night 30 alike peel off she jeans and lob they into the top of she closet . she unharness the dildo and wad the tangle mess up in a old t-shirt . she stuff the wad in back of the closet and slam the closet door shut , stare at she reflection in the mirror . alike reconsider and yank the wad back from the closet . 31 ext . alike' apartment - night 31 alike stuff the wad into a trash bag and plunge it deep into a neighbor 's garbage can . she scurries back into she building and do not look back . 32 int . alike' live room - morning 32 alike skulk on the couch in wrinkle khaki pants and a cotton button down shirt . a obnoxious r&amp ; B video play on the tv . sound of bustling and the drine of a hair dryer fill the room . audrey ( o.s. ) turn that mess off !! alike turn the television volume to low and continue watch . audrey ( o.s. ) sharonda ?! sharonda be you ready ?! stop lollygagge ! sharonda ( o.s. ) I be come ! audrey Lee be you ready ?! Lee ?! audrey hobble out with one high heel on . she snatch the remote from alike and snap the tv off . audrey ( cont 'd ) I say off . think you be ready ? 35 . alike I be ready . audrey you be not go to church look like that . where 's the blouse I buy you ? alike what 's wrong with this ? the front door burst open , and Arthur tromp in , he police uniform hang open over a white undershirt . he sling a heavy f.o.p tote bag on the floor and strip off he shirt as he cross to the kitchen . audrey rush over and buzze around he . 33 int . alike' kitchen - continuous 33 audrey hey there , you be home early -- well actually late . I think you would have call -- alike dad -- arthur do what you mom say . audrey scuttle over to where Arthur be now digging through the open fridge . he pull out a foil cover plate , tear open one corner , sniff it . audrey be you hungry ? let I heat it up for you . Arthur head toward the microwave with the plate . audrey intercept the plate from he and dump the content into a skillet . audrey ( cont 'd ) I will heat it up on the stove for you . tastes better . alike dad -- audrey Lee ! 36 . arthur leave I out of it . audrey go get change . alike dad , what 's wrong with this outfit ? arthur nothing . alike see ? audrey I be not gonna argue with you . arthur do what she say . alike dad -- arthur ( speak bad tarzan swahili ) umgowa ! audrey and put on a skirt ! alike stalk off to she bedroom . sharonda bounce into the kitchen . sharonda hey dad ! audrey too much lipstick . sharonda it 's lipgloss . audrey wheel on sharonda with a death glare . sharonda ( cont 'd ) okay , okay . arthur gimmie kiss . sharonda peck dad on the cheek . dad wipe he cheek and rub he finger together . 37 . sharonda giggle and bound back into she bedroom . audrey slide a steaming plate in front of Arthur . audrey do you talk to she ? arthur get I a beer , please . sharonda 's fine . audrey I be talk about Lee . arthur alike . and I do not see that there 's a problem . audrey I be tired of this tomboy thing she 's get go on . and Laura . you say you be go to handle it . arthur umm-hmm . audrey she need a male point of view . arthur I say okay , dammit ! now can I please have a beer please ? audrey it 's Sunday morning . arthur it go with the spaghetti . audrey lift a beer out of the fridge and slide it in front of Arthur . she pull up a chair as he plow through the meal , she expression soften as she caress he forearm . audrey do you have to work tonight ? arthur to put food on the table and clothes on we back , no . to go out to restaurant and keep designer sneaker in the closet , yes . audrey be you forever gonna be mad ? 38 . arthur be you forever go to be happy ? ( beat ) you make that decision a long time ago . audrey we both make sacrifice . alike stomp back into the kitchen wear the pink v-neck that audrey buy she and a unflatter pleat- front skirt . Arthur stifles a giggle behind he beer can . arthur you look beautiful , baby . audrey tuck you blouse in . alike this be not I . audrey tuck you blouse in . arthur leave it out . audrey frown at Arthur . Arthur stand he ground . arthur ( cont 'd ) I think it 's fine out . what 's the deal with you and Laura ? alike what deal ? audrey comin ' in late ... alike dad , I hardly ever -- arthur why do not you give that a break for a little while ? alike dad , come on ... audrey ( to alike ) you hear he ! ( more ) 39 . ( to sharonda ) sharonda ! you do ?! alike spin into the live room defeat . sharonda ( o.s. ) come ! audrey you come with we ? arthur nope. sleep . audrey we could go to a later service . the one o'clock -- arthur I say no !! Arthur slam he fork on the plate . audrey flinch . alike look up . sharonda appear in the doorway , look from audrey to Arthur . sharonda I be ready . Arthur push up from the table . arthur alike , you look beautiful . everybody look beautiful , okay ? Arthur disappear into the bedroom . alike snatch up she bible and launch out the door , sharonda follow . audrey pull on she sunglass and hat and slam the door behind she . 34 ext . church - day 34 alike sit in the passenger seat of the car as audrey chit chat with other churchgoer . sharonda sit in the back seat , flipping through a CD case and occasionally pass CD 's to alike to play . alike face stonily forward except to cast impatient glance in audrey 's direction . audrey rap on the window . audrey Lee ! Lee ! here 's someone I want you to meet . alike crack the window a inch . 40 . alike huh ? audrey motion to bina stand by with she mother , Ms. singletary . alike crack the window a little wider and acknowledge they with a half -heart wave . alike ( cont 'd ) oh. hey . audrey get down out the car and come speak . laboriously , alike roll the window back up , turn off the car radio , and climb down out of the car . audrey ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? alike alright , Mom . audrey you will have to excuse she , she 's be feel rude lately . mrs . singletary oh do not worry , audrey , I understand how it be . hormone . it 's just a phase . audrey alike , this be Mrs. singletary , one of my co-worker and she daughter , bina . sylvia , bina , this be my daughter alike , we call she " Lee " for short . alike shake both of they hand in turn . alike hi. mrs . singletary hello . alike Nice to meet you . bina hi. 41 . audrey and this be my youngest daughter , sharonda . sharonda hi. bina hi. mrs . singletary hi there , nice to meet you . audrey Lee , bina go to the same school as you . alike cool . bina yeah , I think I have see you around . Mrs. Alvarado 's class right ? ap English ? alike yup . audrey look pleased with herself . alike squirm . audrey so. now that we be all acquainted , do not be a stranger . mrs . singletary oh no , we will not . audrey bina I think you and Lee may even go to school the same way . do not you live off of St. James place ? mrs . singletary there be something to be say for safety in number . bina nod . alike squirm . mrs . singletary ( cont 'd ) well , we need to be push off -- I will call you about that vbs workbook . 42 . alike retreat into the car , sharonda hop in behind she . alike reach over and turn the key in the ignition . audrey alrighty , I will be around . take care . alike toot the horn . audrey circle and get in the driver 's side . 35 int . family car - continuous 35 alike you be funny . audrey I do not know what you problem be . sharonda can somebody put in this CD please ? audrey crank the ignition and start to back out . alike I do not know what you think be go to change . audrey I know God do not make mistake . I know that much . a invisible scab be rip open in alike and the fire die in she eye . satisfied , audrey slip the car into gear . audrey ( cont 'd ) you may not like bina , but you be certainly gonna be spend much less time with that Laura person , I guarantee you that much . sharonda moooom , can you -- audrey be quiet . nobody 's put in anything . I be gonna listen to what I want to listen to for a change . alike wilt against the window and tacky zydeco music leak from the car as it jerk away from the curb and into traffic . 43. 36 ext . STREET - day 36 alike stride down the sidewalk . bina speedwalk to keep up . bina look , I do not like lie to my mother , that 's all . alike then do not , she do not have to know . bina she do . she ask I everyday . alike so tell she yeah . bina no , I be sick of lie to cover for you . alike so do not . bina stop short . alike keep walk . bina look alike , Lee . whatever it be you wanna be call . I be not try to hang out with you , either , but I be not about to take a L for it . so stop dodging I , let 's just go to school together and be do with it . we do not have to see each other any other time than that . alike do not miss a step . bina yell after she . bina ( cont 'd ) whatever , my mother ask I again , I be tell she . then she can tell you mother , then it 's whatever for you . alike stop short . bina cross the street and continue in the direction away from school . alike spin around scan the street , then catch sight of she on the opposite sidewalk . alike hey ! bina keep on push , the school now in sight . 44 . alike ( cont 'd ) hey ! alike check for traffic then dash across the street to catch up with she . alike ( cont 'd ) hey look , I be sorry . bina yeah , you sorry you mom be gonna bug out . alike no for real , I be sorry . I do not mean to be that way . it 's just ... ok , I be concerned that my , my mom will find out , but ... bina but ? alike it 's not like that . it 's just -- she 's just . if you know she , you would understand . she 's like , I do not know . the girl walk in silence for a moment . alike ( cont 'd ) so what 's you favorite class ? bina you do not have to make small talk . let 's just walk . alike I say I be sorry . it 's not you , it 's just that my mom be like , she 's like ... bina overprotective ? alike relax she shoulder , both relieved and surprised . alike yeah . bina I can tell . I have see -- I mean , a lot of people 's parent be like that . 45 . alike yeah ? bina yeah . alike yeah . but probably not like mine . but anyway ... bina anyway , like I say , we do not have to talk . just walk . alike 's cell phone chirp -- it 's Laura . alike sigh and stuff the phone back into she pocket . 37 int . laura' bedroom - day 37 alike ( v.o. ) hi ! this be Lee , I be not able to answer my phone right now -- Laura snap she cell phone shut . a ged study book still glossy and uncrease be propped open on the bed in front of she . she open she cell phone again and pull up alike 's number . her thumb hover over the `talk ' button . she snap the phone shut and toss it aside before turn the radio down and drag the book closer . the cell phone ring and she snatch it up . a picture of a girl make a kissy face with the name " tasha " underneath blink onto the screen and Laura snap the phone shut and toss it aside . she hoist the ged book into she lap and let she head hit the wall . there be a knock at she bedroom door and candace peek in . candace how 's it comin' ? LAURA it 's good . candace smile at Laura and hesitates before close the door . candace turn the radio off before ducking back out . Laura sigh and flip back to the beginning of the book . 38 int . sport club basketball court - day 38 alike and Arthur cavort in a sloppy half - court game in the fluorescent glare of the gym . well - heele clientele cross to and for munch power bar and sip gatorade . Arthur have a awful shot , but alike 's be worse . alike heave a huge airball past the basket . 46 . arthur oh my God !! alike crack up as Arthur chase down the ball . arthur ( cont 'd ) that 's just embarrassing ! alike you be not get no range , either . arthur yeah but at least I hit the backboard . damn . alike rush to guard Arthur who dribble clumsily around the key . he try a crossover move and lob a ugly shot toward the basket . alike Brick !! laugh , they tussle over the rebound . Arthur recover . arthur what 's the score ? alike one up . arthur one ? alike yup ! arthur one ? Nah , I definitely have like three . at least three . giggle , the pair rollick in another squeaky - shoed play . 39 int . liquor store - night 39 mack , the store proprietor lean against the counter flipping through a newspaper . Arthur , in uniform mull through the sport section . a ratty look man , sock sip from a red plastic cup . mack crank the volume on the tiny television above the counter . 47 . mack it 's on again ... check it out free . Channel 5 and Channel 2 . Arthur appear on the tv screen , dress in suit , tie , sunglass and look impressive . he be talk to a news reporter and a bad news graphic read " East side drug bust -- detective Arthur Freeman " blot out the bottom of the screen . sock look who 's big time . mack brother be look clean though . look just like , look like ... uh -- Danny glover ! Arthur and mack laugh and slap hand . sock sneer at they revelry . the bell over the door tinkle and a heavyset butch woman stroll in . her head be shave and a thick wallet chain clink against she ample carpenter pants . all three man turn to stare . mack ( cont 'd ) be more of that since they open up that new club `cross the way . Arthur grunt and return to he paper . sock ( to butch woman ) Excuse I miss ??!! miiiiissss ??!! mack certain Friday night they get , you know special party go on . sock or should I say Sir ??!! siiiir ??!! hello ?!! arthur chill out , sock . sock hey , my man ! you hear I talkin ' to you ?! mack snatch sock 's cup . sock pivot around to protest . sock hey !! 48 . mack mind you business . sock yank he cup back and turn to resume he taunt . he 's catch off guard and stumble backward as the woman push up to the counter with a case of liquor . Arthur step out of the way and observe . butch woman and a pack of kool . mack nod and fish under the counter . sock say , I be try to get you attention . do you go by Sir or miss ? mack that will be all mar 'am ? butch woman yeah . sock look I just have a simple question I want to ask . see , I just want to know how do pussy taste ? the woman direct she full attention at sock for the first time . mack watch as he quickly punch in the sale . Arthur stiffen . sock ( cont 'd ) you know , I just wanna know if you go with woman for the taste , or be it just you be too big , black , and ugly so do not no man want you ? sock laugh at he own nasty joke and take a sip from he cup . mack $ 65.07 mar 'am . the woman count out the money and smile at sock . butch woman I can not lie , pussy do taste good . sock oh yeah ? the woman take she time put away she change . 49 . butch woman ( cont 'd ) maybe you should try it yourself sometime . or better yet -- the woman pick up she case . butch woman ( cont 'd ) -- ask yo ' wife how she like I ! the woman wink at sock . Arthur choke back a guffaw . as soon as the woman clear the door , Arthur and mack explode in laughter . sock be livid and scream after she . sock fuckin ' bulldagger ! he - she ! dyke ! mack ask you wife ! arthur she tell you . sock she be not tell I shit ! I do not know what the fuck y'all niggas be laugh for ! mack awww shut up . you big mouth get you in trouble as usual . sock think you be my friend , mack . but I guess I be not expect you to defend I free , the way you daughter be -- Arthur slam sock against the counter before he can finish he sentence . arthur say what ?! mack he do not mean nothin ' ! he do not know what he 's talk about ! Arthur grind sock 's collar tighter around he tremble fist . sock glare back , clearly punk . mack ( cont 'd ) he be not move outside a two - mile radius of where he crawle out he mammy 's pussy . he do not know shit . 50 . sock ( to mack ) I be to poughkeepsie ! Arthur snort and fling sock loose . mack carry you poughkeepsie ass on out of my store ! mack sweep sock 's plastic cup off the counter and into a garbage can . sock tromp to the door . sock fuck y'all ! arthur I should arrest you ass . sock man , fuck y'all !! mack free , do not pay he no mind . just talkin ' trash . mack playfully jab he in the shoulder and bustles underneath the counter . Arthur 's eye linger on the door and he jaw tighten . 40 int . laura' kitchen - day 40 Laura swing through the front door of she apartment , alike close behind . she slide two twenty dollar bill underneath the ceramic hen on the table and breeze into she bedroom . 41 int . laura' bedroom - later 41 alike be a paper doll in Laura 's floor length mirror , dress only in boxer and a wife beater . Laura hold a bright orange polo shirt up in front of alike 's torso . alike cock she head to the side and consider . LAURA damn , this be you color . so what 's the deal incog-negro ? alike Mom have I hemmed up . 51 . LAURA you phone be not break . you coulda call a nigga . put this on . Laura pull away the orange polo shirt and hand alike a turquoise one instead . alike hoist the oversize shirt over she head . alike my bad . she 's make I hang out with this chick from church . it 's crazy . LAURA makin ' you ?! you a grow - ass woman , bruh ! Laura shake she head as she pluck a brand new baseball cap from the wall rack and drop it onto alike 's head . alike consider and take it off . Laura put another cap in its place . before alike can object , Laura toss she a pair of denim short . LAURA ( cont 'd ) try this with it . so I guess the pier be out for Saturday , huh ? alike I do not even know if that 's I anymore . alike struggle into the jean short , widen she stance so they do not fall down . Laura toss she a belt and admire alike 's reflection . LAURA yeah , that 's hot , yo . you should rock that . alike ( cont 'd ) I be gonna see if you wanna do something different ? alike strip off the baseball cap and hang it back on the rack . LAURA different like what ? alike peel out of the polo shirt . alike I do not know - - maybe like a open mic or something . 52 . LAURA open mic ? Nah , man . it 's plenty chick at the pier , you just gotta be more confident . Laura cross to she closet and scan its inventory . the jeans be arrange crisply on hanger from light to dark and some still have store tag . most of the shirt be still enclose in protective plastic cover from the dry cleaner . Laura pass alike a perfectly fold button down shirt . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you can rock this . I have not even wear it yet . but I understand if you get better thing to do . alike hold the shirt against she torso and stare at she reflection . she catch Laura 's eager look in the mirror and wilt . alike Nah , I be down . LAURA you sure ? I do not want you get hemmed up . alike Nah seriously , I be down for whatever . LAURA Real ? alike promise . LAURA that 's what 's up ! I 'ma take the whole day off . it 's gonna be tight watch ... we go ' do it up ! Laura hold a new pair of jeans against she body and do a little dance . alike laugh wanly . 42 int . alike' parent bedroom - evening 42 audrey sit between alike 's knee as alike oil she scalp . alike take she time , massage each braid between she hand before move to the next . audrey read a essence magazine , the cover of which read " 101 Ways to please you man . " 53. alike you should wear you hair down sometimes . audrey you father like it up . alike it look nice down . alike catch she mother 's eye in the mirror 's reflection , they share a sad moment . audrey close the magazine and toss it back onto the bed . audrey maybe . anyway give this back to bina 's mom when you go over tomorrow night . alike Saturday night ?! audrey we talk about this . alike no we do not . audrey Lee -- alike I have plan for this weekend . audrey well , you do not have to go to bina 's on Saturday night , you can always stay home with I . alike oh my God ! 43 int . bina's bedroom - evening 43 bina sit on the floor , flipping through CD 's . alike sit in a chair , head in hand , completely disinterested . bina you like destiny 's child ? alike uhh-uhh . 54 . bina jay-z ? alike nope . bina fifty ? alike no , I do not really like any of that commercial bullshit . bina look up , off balanced . bina oh . who do you like ? alike check the time on she phone . alike shit ! alike start pack she backpack . alike ( cont 'd ) just more underground stuff . none of that crap they play on the radio . bina like who ? alike people you probably have not hear of . conscious stuff . bina like who ? alike root . Black star. asheru and Blue Black . pharcyde . bina pharcyde ? I hear of pharcyde . alike ah -- for real ? bina yep. tribe ? j-rawl ? bahamadia ? 55 . alike perk up , look genuinely interested for the first time . alike uh-oh , whatchu know about bahamadia ? let I find out .... bina I be not as generic as you think . the phone ring . Mrs. singletary answer from another room . alike and bina freeze , listen . mrs . singletary ( o.s. ) hello ? hi audrey . yes . yeah she 's here . I understand -- alike sulk . bina flip to the back of the CD book . bina alright , how about rock ? alike it 's cool . bina whatchu know about santogold ? since you all underground and stuff . alike she 's tight . bina tamar-kali ? alike I have not hear of she , I hear of res . alike hoist the backpack onto she shoulder and stand to leave . bina oh no this be way better , you gotta check she out . bina jam she ipod onto the stereo adapter . the thick , fierce guitar rhythm of tamar-kali 's " Boot " consume the room . bina chant the lyric along with the music . bina ( cont 'd ) " her hair be short . her leg be brown . her lip be full . her head hang down . " 56 . alike plop back down in she chair . alike wow . 44 int . alike' kitchen - same time intercut 44 audrey smooth a pink sticky note onto a foil cover plate and shove it into the fridge . the doorbell ring and she rush across the room and open the door in she most sing - song voice . audrey he-llooo . LAURA hello Mrs. Freeman . be Lee home please ? audrey she 's out with she friend right now , Laura . you take care . audrey start to close the door . Laura stop it with she hand . LAURA oh. umm do you know when she will be back ? audrey no , I believe she 's out for the evening . LAURA oh , because we have umm ... alright then ... thank you . audrey goodnight . audrey shut the door harder than necessary . Laura check she phone and shake she head . 45 int . bina's bedroom - same time intercut 45 bina " twist a virgin `round you dirty little finger ! ( more ) 57 . blood be go but the memory linger ... twist a virgin `round you bloody little finger , love be go , but the memory linger ! " alike be bob she head , backpack forget on she shoulder . bina crank the volume down . alike yo , this shit be hot ! bina told you . do not you have to go ? I will cover . it 's cool . alike Nah , I wanna stay . alike sling she backpack to the floor and pull the CD book into she lap . her cell phone ring and she ignore it . 46 ext . the pier - later 46 the pier be a parade of mohawk , curly weave , tight jeans , and rainbow belt as group of baby dyke , young queen , and gender queer youth of all shade of brown stroll cavort , and strut see and want to be see . equally bedeck observer hoot and yell from bench and rail perches on both side . Laura jab number into she cell phone . compete thread of house music throb across the boardwalk in muffle burst as group of baller vogue and prance behind she . alike ( v.o. ) leave a message and I will call you back . beep . Laura yank she phone away from she ear and look at the screen . she start to hang up but pull it back to she ear . LAURA where you at ? hit I up when you get here . 47 int . bina's bedroom - later 47 alike and bina be sprawle in the floor . bina dj 's from she laptop . alike Mrs. Alvarado be try to get I to check out this one place . 58 . alike hand she the flyer . bina laugh and toss it back . bina oh hell , no . that 's for old people -- I will write down some place you should check out . maybe you could read some of my stuff , too . alike definitely . 48 ext . the pier - same time intercut 48 Laura scowl at she cell phone screen . she shove the phone in she pocket and pull she hoodie up against the chill of the evening . brake light bathe Laura and she circle of AG 's in red as late - night predator cruise the strip for fresh meat . Laura catch sight of shady sexual encounter in a alley across the street and look away . one of the entourage pass Laura a joint and she inhale deeply . a few of the girl have backpack and the group be pensive as they break off and scatter into the night one by one . pier girl # 1 ` member when we use to stay out here all night ? pier girl # 2 shit , use to ? pier girl # 1 you stay with you sister now , huh ? Laura nod and spit . pier girl # 2 lucky as hell . 49 int . ap english classroom - afternoon 49 ap English class be a safe haven . the desk be pull together in a rough circle and be fill with heavily pierce , dyed hair , and vintage clothes type . Mrs. Alvarado sit cross - legge atop she desk take note . alike stand at the center of the circle recite a original poem . alike a butterfly , briefly suffocate on the mucous of its own change imprison ( more ) 59 . by the membranous chaff of its own underdeveloped wing and cramped in the darkness of the too-tight cocoon of its own creation pause think death inevitable prepare to die in the absolute solitude of swollen husk . a c be a c k appear a thin jag light connect the inner to the outer world a butterfly , briefly paralyze by the imminence of death discover life be possible . the class clap . mrs . alvarado comment ? critique ? Julie , tell I what you think . a forest of hand go up as alike wind she way back to she seat . a few classmate whisper brief encouragement . bina nod and smile at alike . unguard , alike smile back . 50 ext . STREET - day 50 bina and alike troop home at a more leisurely pace . alike break the silence for once . alike I like you story , though . it be tight . bina yeah ? which one ? the one about the -- alike the one about karma , how thing come back to you . that one , I think it be tight . bina for real ? thanks . I be not gonna say anything , but I like yours too . alike why ? 60 . bina why do I like it or why be not I gonna say anything ? alike why do you like it ? bina I do not know . I guess because it feel honest . alike oh. bina do not you have on a different shirt earlier ? alike what ? bina nothin ' . alike no , what would you say ? bina nothin ' . alike yeah , I have on a different shirt . bina oh ... well , that 's cool . alike so why be not you gonna say anything about it ? bina about you shirt ? alike about the poem . bina Cause you be moody . alike moody ? bina and quiet . 61 . alike man , I be not moody . bina yeah , right . bina stop . alike what ? bina this be I . alike look up at the stoop , surprised . bina ( cont 'd ) it 's not so bad when there 's some conversation , huh ? alike look away . bina ( cont 'd ) you wanna come up ? 51 int . bina's bedroom - afternoon 51 alike sit on bina 's twin bed , look around and really take in the room for the first time . she reach over and pick up a little mold soldier figure off of the shelf . bina fish around in a rack of CD . alike who give you this ? bina what the bear ? my dad . alike no , this . alike hold the figurine out , bina look at it over she shoulder . bina oh that . girl , my stupid ex - boyfriend give I that . alike oh. cute . bina open a CD case and pull the booklet out . 62 . bina not really . I mean I guess it be at the time . bina lob the little army man into a trash can across the room and hand alike the booklet . bina ( cont 'd ) anyway , this be the other artist I be tell you about . her stuff be like , bouncier . a buoyant afropunk beat waft through the bedroom . bina plop down on the bed next to alike . alike this be straight . you will burn I a copy ? bina yeah , I have a bunch of other stuff , too . ( beat ) so who do you hang out with ? I do not really see you with anybody . alike shrug and rifle through she backpack . she pull out she composition book . awkward silence . bina ( cont 'd ) I do not mean it like that . I be just ask because I be curious . I do not really like anybody that go there either . alike my friend Laura use to go there . not now , but she 's go back . bina oh because , I be just gonna say -- I be go to this house party and you can come if you want to . bina wave she hand at the radio . bina ( cont 'd ) they play this kind of music . alike sure . how be I suppose to dress ? 63. bina you do not dress . you just come however . come as you be . alike nod . bina ( cont 'd ) can I see ? bina snatch the book from alike 's hand and start flipping through page before alike can answer . alike yeah ... but that 's mainly old stuff , though . bina this be the one you do today ? alike yeah . bina Nice . bina offer the journal back to alike . alike reach for it . bina pull it away at the last second -- a impromptu game of keep away . bina ( cont 'd ) take it . alike miss again . the girl crack up . bina ( cont 'd ) sorry , here . bina yank it away again . alike give up , still smile . alike you play too much . bina seriously , it 's right here . just take it . alike summon the courage for one last swipe . she manage to grab it but bina do not let go right away . the girl lock eye during the extemporaneous tug-of - war . alike thank you ... 64 . bina you be welcome ... beam with she victory , alike busy herself with the journal . bina recruit a small stuff moose for she next foray . she dance the moose up alike 's arm and plant a exaggerated peck on she cheek with it . bina ( cont 'd ) mmmwaahhh ! the girl erupt into renew giggle . bina toss the stuff animal aside and scoot closer to read over alike 's shoulder . bina ( cont 'd ) what 's so private ? alike nothin ' , just my writings ... bina study alike 's profile . she lean in and peck alike on the cheek . alike let the kiss soak in , glance at bina sidelong . bina lean in again , this time plant a long kiss on alike 's lip . alike pull away . bina tense for the verdict . alike ( cont 'd ) why would you do that for ? bina sorry --- alike no , I be sorry . I just umm ... I gotta go . bina I think -- alike sorry . alike blindly grab up she thing and rush the door , bina flounder in she wake . 52 int . laura' live room - evening 52 Laura and a group of friend play a rowdy game of spade . a cute Puerto rican girl be drape around Laura 's neck like a personal cheerleader . Music blast from the tv but do not drow out the hoot and banter of the rollick entourage . there be a knock at the door . 65 . LAURA you will get that for I ? one of the friend break away from the pack , open the door without greeting and walk away . alike be leave alone to escort herself in . Laura hardly look up as alike stop at the fringe of the pack . alike wassup man . a collective grumble of greeting go up around the table although no one address alike directly . Laura slam the table and raise she hand in triumph . LAURA board , goddammit !! I tell you ! pier girl # 1 awww , we shoulda be do set you ! Laura slap hand with she partner . the unlucky pair of partner argue . the personal cheerleader kiss Laura on the neck . alike look away . personal cheerleader good game , baby ! LAURA what 's good , Lee ? alike just come to say wassup . LAURA whatchu get , ty ? pier girl # 2 Three , maybe four . LAURA we goin ' eight !! roar of disbelief from around the table . alike be quickly forget in the ruckus . alike circle to Laura 's side . the personal cheerleader look she up and down . alike can I talk to you for a second ? LAURA now I get to cut you !! grab `em partner . we gonna run a Boston on that ass ! ( more ) 66 . ( to alike ) yo , I be busy right now . more raucous laughter from the table . alike endure another few moment of card slapping , table pound dejection before lean into Laura 's ear . alike I really need to talk to you -- LAURA I say later ! Wide -ey silence and scattered snicker around the table . Laura resume she hand and the game banter crank back up . alike pick up she face and slip away . pier girl # 3 think that be you girl ? LAURA mind you business . bam ! that 's what I think ! Laura slap another card on the table and take a deep swig of water . 53 int . alike' parent bedroom - night 53 audrey lie awake in bed . the clock on the nightstand indicate a little past two in the morning . she look at the sliver of light underneath the bedroom door , the sound of Arthur 's key in the door break the silence . Arthur 's voice in hushed tone . audrey roll over and face the wall . 54 int . alike' bedroom - night 54 alike watch she father 's footstep break up the light beneath she door . she toss off she blanket and spring into the hallway . alike ( loud whisper ) hey dad ! she be talk to empty air . she ease down the hallway toward the kitchen and the sound of he muffle voice . alike ( cont 'd ) dad ? 67 . arthur ( o.s. ) come on now , you know that 's not what I want . that 's not what I be say . that 's not -- listen to I . be you gonna listen to I ? alike Mom ? alike stop short outside the kitchen door , confuse . arthur ( o.s. ) Lee ? hold on . 55 int . alike' kitchen - continuous 55 alike swing around the corner . alike huh ? arthur no , not you . ( into phone ) hey , I will talk to you later , alright ? my daughter 's up . Arthur flip he cell phone shut and tuck it into he pocket . he fish a beer out of the fridge . alike who be that ? Arthur sip he beer and walk over to the kitchen table . a foil cover plate with a little pink sticky note wait . arthur what you do up ? alike just want to talk . Arthur crumple the sticky note and toss it into the trash without read it . he peel up one side of the foil , peek at the food underneath , and launch it into the trash , too . alike ( cont 'd ) dad , the plate - - do not trash the plate . Arthur strip off he dress shirt and tie and fling they into the live room . 68 . alike rescue the plate from the garbage and carefully lay it in the sink so it do not clatter . alike ( cont 'd ) be not you hungry ? arthur ate already . alike you eat at work ? arthur no , just grab some take out . alike oh. where ? Arthur explode . arthur why you ask I all this goddamn question , girl ? what 's wrong with you ? you do not question I . alike sorry . alike start to head back to she room . arthur hold up . I be sorry , alike come on back . look -- I get patty ... Arthur toss a greasy bag onto the table and pull out a chair for she . alike beef ? arthur and chicken . c'mon . alike sit happily and the two munch in silence for awhile . arthur listen uh ... you momma 's worried that uh ... how 's school ? straight a's ? alike probably . 69 . arthur that 's right . want a sip ? Arthur offer she the beer . alike take it to the head . arthur I say a sip . a sip ! Arthur snatch the beer from she . they laugh . alike pick at she patty , eat little piece of crust . arthur ( cont 'd ) what 's on you you mind ? alike nothin' . Arthur snort . alike ( cont 'd ) what if -- what if ... say somebody like you right ? arthur they like you ? or they like you , like you ? alike say they like you , like you . arthur uh-huh . alike I mean , they have not say anything yet . but what if ... so what if the person be kinda like a friend , but you know they like you more than that ? arthur well , I think that 's the best way to start -- as friend . alike but then what if ... what if the person be -- Arthur scent the heavy news pack in alike 's expressive pause and scramble to intercept she at the pass . arthur ( cont 'd ) what 's he name ? what grade be he in ? ( more ) 70 . I 'ma look he ass up in the system . ha-ha ! wait `till you mama find out . she will be so goddamn happy . alike play along , swallow she disappointment . alike yeah . Arthur push back from the table and pull a fresh police uniform out the hall closet . he lay it across the back of the couch and unzip he pants . alike turn she back to give he privacy . arthur say uh -- there 's this new -- uh woman 's club up there by the liquor store -- have you -- do you -- you have not hear anything about it , right ? alike shake she head no . Arthur tuck he undershirt into he pants . arthur ( cont 'd ) call the Kitty litter , the catbox , something like that ? alike Nah , I never even hear of it . arthur good . ` Cause you know that 's a uh ... it 's a rough neighborhood . you know that right ? I have a case over there . you wanna be careful -- stay away from that element . just in case it ever come up ? alike I will be careful . arthur good . I know you will . alike glance back at Arthur and see that he 's decent . she scoot back around to face he . Arthur smooth he uniform shirt into he pants . alike dad , when you be on the phone earlier ? it sound like ... I mean ... I guess you be head back to work , huh ? 71 . arthur yep . you mama still up ? alike probably . arthur tell she I have to work . Arthur pick up he work tote and kiss alike on the forehead . arthur ( cont 'd ) Love you . 56 int . laura' kitchen - morning 56 Laura jam a pillow into a t-shirt as a makeshift pillowcase as she escort one of the pier girl to the couch . the pier girl look slightly unkempt and be relieved to plop she knapsack on the floor . Laura toss the pillow onto the couch . LAURA my sister get home at six so , you gotta be go by then . pier girl # 2 good look . LAURA there 's some lunchmeat in there too , help yourself . pier girl # 2 ` preciate ya . Laura pull up close to the kitchen table . the ged test prep book , now dog -ear and wear be on the table in front of she . she find she place and copy note and multiple choice answer into a spiral notebook . a stack of old math and English textbooks be in a chair next to she and the room be peaceful and still save for the scratch of she pencil . 57 int . school hallway - afternoon 57 alike spy on bina stuff book into she locker . she draw she breath and approach . alike hey . 72 . bina hey . a long awkward silence . alike lean against the bank of locker , not dare to make eye contact . alike I be sorry about the other day . bina it 's cool . bina pretend to rearrange book in she locker . alike ( cont 'd ) thing have be crazy . but look , I be sorry I bugge out . it 's just ... I do not know that you ... I be not expect that . bina you still come to the party ? alike I do not know -- I need to try and catch up with Laura . bina oh. alike but I do wanna hang out ... I mean ... maybe we could do both . bina smile and shut the locker door . bina cool . ( beat ) you could spend the night if want to . avoid the whole curfew thing . alike yeah ... bina you sure ? alike yeah . 73. 58 int . family car - day 58 Arthur coaches alike as she navigate the car to a jerky stop in front of mack 's liquor store . arthur easy , easy now . watch you right hand side . alike I be . arthur do not ride the brake though . good . alike see ? I be get better !! can I drive back ? Arthur rub he chest in mock heart -attack . arthur I do not about that . you be shaky girl , you be shaky . get we some chip and I will think about it . Arthur hand alike a five dollar bill and she bounce down out of the car . 59 ext . liquor store - continuous 59 Arthur shout a greeting to mack who lounge on a plastic chair outside he door . sock and two other men chit chat nearby . they chatter lower as Arthur approach . alike bop into the store . mack hey , baby ! alike hey Mr. Ferguson ! mack I see alike 's be run circle around you again ! arthur Little bit , little bit . I still get it though . Arthur clap mack on the shoulder and glimpsis sock whisper to one of the man . 74 . Arthur follow the men' gaze over to alike at the potato chip rack . she twirl the string of she basketball short round and round she finger and idly hike the collar of she t- shirt up over she nose . the smile evaporate from Arthur 's face . sock peer back at he , smirk . Arthur start toward he , when alike saunter out between they . arthur we better get go . mack ( cont 'd ) go already ? arthur I will holler at you later . Arthur cross the lot in a bound , snatch the car key from alike 's hand , and hustle she into the car . arthur ( cont 'd ) get in the car . alike but you say I could drive -- arthur I say get in the car ! alike frown , then catch sight of the man in front of the store . she slump into the car and slam the door . Arthur pile into the driver 's seat . they sit in silence for a moment , alike trace the line in she hand . 60 int . arthur be car - continuous 60 arthur look...umm ... you know you be daddy 's girl , right ? alike avoid eye contact , stare out she window . Arthur search she face a moment longer , then start the car and pull away in silence . 61 int . alike' apartment live room - night 61 audrey recline on the couch read a book . the doorknob jiggle and audrey fold the book against she chest , pretend to be asleep . 75 . Arthur slip in and lay he holster on a armchair , not even bother to approach audrey 's sleep form . Arthur peek inside the fridge and inspect one of audrey 's foil cover plate . he toss it aside and gather sandwich ingredient instead . audrey yawn and prop herself up on one elbow . audrey oh you be home ? arthur hey . audrey I must have doze off . how long have you be in ? arthur hour . dad take a bite of he sandwich and shove the ingredient back into the fridge . audrey do you see the plate in there ? arthur this be fine . Arthur plop down on a armchair and flip the tv channel to sport highlight . Mom scoot over on the couch . audrey there 's room over here . you can see the tv better . arthur this be fine . Arthur prop he foot up on the coffee table and catch audrey 's hurt expression . he wink at she . arthur ( cont 'd ) thank you . audrey just alike . arthur say what ? 76 . audrey you and you daughter . have you talk to Lee yet ? I tell you she -- arthur I talk to alike . audrey you do ? arthur everything 's fine . like I tell you . matter fact , she 's get a boyfriend . audrey boyfriend ? arthur just give she some space . audrey Space ? she 's hardly ever home in the first place and you be just like she , creep in all hour of the night . both of you . running around like you get something to hide , like I be the big , bad witch and what about I ? I be home by myself all the time and sharonda 's get older and start to go out and pretty soon -- arthur I do not have anything to hide . look I tell you I talk to alike and everything be fine . audrey do you ask she ? dad slam down he half - eat sandwich and stand up . arthur no , because I do not have to . besides , I would know okay ? if anybody would know , it would be I . I know my daughter -- audrey you daughter ?!! arthur -- better than anyone else and -- 77 . audrey so now all of a sudden she 's just you daughter ?! arthur audrey -- I be tell you she 's just well I guess I better not fine !! have nothing else to say then , huh ?! arthur that 's you damn problem , you be too much of a damn worry wart . audrey let 's hope you be right , detective . arthur will you shut the fuck up ?! audrey jerk to she foot and fling the book aside . audrey a hour ? really ? I be not you dumb damn floozy in the street . and you will not talk to I that way . audrey slap the sandwich off Arthur 's plate and storm to the bedroom . Arthur see sharonda peek from she bedroom door but can not summon any word . sharonda skitter into alike 's bedroom . 62 int . alike' bedroom - night 62 alike be awake , hand fold behind she head . sharonda curl up on top of the cover next to she . alike I know you be not scared . sharonda I be not . the girl lay silently as they listen to Arthur bang around in the kitchen . sharonda ( cont 'd ) Lee ? alike hmm ? 78 . sharonda I hope you know it do not matter to I . alike rub sharonda 's head and give she a little squeeze . alike I know . 63 int . house party / poetry slam - night 63 a mohawked woman yowl into a microphone atop a coffee table turn stage . kid roam from room to room nursing plastic cup . some in elaborate ensemble , some in thrift store dud , other in plain old jeans , but no two people the same . alike clad in simple shirt and jeans look especially comfortable as she and bina ease they way through the crowd . in between performer , guitar riff rock the large loft apartment and render they voice practically inaudible . montage : -- bina introduce alike to different people , alike be welcome -- alike &amp ; bina point out different performer , they laugh and talk in each other 's ear -- alike and bina dance wildly in the middle of the crowd , surround by dozen of other clamorous body -- one performer beckon alike up onto the table , alike demur at first , then leap on top of the table . bina cheer . -- alike drag a giggle bina out of the party and they crash into the open night 64 ext . the pier - night 64 light glisten across the Hudson River -- distant orb reflect in a thousand shimmer faux star in weak defiance against the night sky . a sodium vapor glow veil everything in generous halo , make the night more beautiful than it really be . Dancing silhouettes , laugh , play , yell , fly , always dance silhouettes punctuate the summer breeze with clap set to the rhythm of soulful house . like puck on a midsummer 's night , like Peter Pan and he lose boy . among the silhouettes be Laura , enthrone atop a railing . Laura , smoking a joint grandly , surround by a ador circle , a sycophantic harem of four . 79 . Laura , completely miserable as she watch two other silhouettes draw closer , spin , collapse , now righting , always connect . alike and bina . bina smile and snake she arm around alike 's neck . alike too shy to react , giggle and fold . Laura watch the pair spin and pass to the leave before stalking off toward the connect shadow . 65 ext . the pier - continuous 65 Laura cuff alike on the neck , pull alike 's hoodie up over she face . alike 's laugh be tentative at first , not sure whether this be play or for real . Laura chuckle , break the ice . the pair slapbox and rough house , both miss with wild arcing blow . Laura aim a mini charge at alike that lift she off the ground and deposit she a short distance away . alike swipe Laura 's hat . Laura clap alike on the shoulder and alike wave to bina . bina wave and smile . alike so whatchu you think ? she 's cool right ? Laura look around and shrug . Laura pluck a fresh joint out of she coat and light it . alike ( cont 'd ) she 's hot right ? I tell you . it be so tight . I be tellin ' you , you shoulda be there tonight ! Laura take a puff and offer it to alike . LAURA this one 's just for I and you . alike wave it off , oblivious and intoxicate with the night . alike and she 's smart , too . she do poetry , you should hear it . it 's like , it 's good , you know ? Laura stop walk and alike skip ahead , still chatter . alike ( cont 'd ) I be think next weekend the three of we could -- LAURA look , I be right here . alike snap out of it . 80 . alike ( cont 'd ) oh my bad , I think you be beside I . anyway , I be think -- LAURA look , I be sorry for all the drama . alike no , it 's cool . I shoulda -- LAURA what I be say be , I probably overreact . ( beat ) and then ... I do not know . see you two together or whatever . I be glad to see you be finally happy . alike c'mon man , you know you be my best friend . nobody 's gonna -- LAURA you do not need to say anything . I just want to get it off my chest . I be happy for you , that 's all . alike shake she head . her mouth move but nothing come out . LAURA ( cont 'd ) because I love you , alright ? and I be sayin ' ... I be right here . alike be stop cold , as the light bulb finally go off . Laura take a long drag on the joint . bina and mika stumble over giggle . bina hook alike 's arm . mika kiss Laura on the neck . Laura snap out of she gaze , she familiar smirk creep back . mika we goin ' to get something to eat ? LAURA that 's what 's up . alike listen , umm -- Laura pinch out the joint and hand it to mika who tuck it away . LAURA that 's for later . bina , nice to meet you . 81 . bina you too . we have fun . Laura give bina a polite hug , pound alike on the shoulder and start to lead mika away . mika alike byyeee !! hey hold up ! Laura pump a lazy fist in the air in acknowledgement . bina take alike 's hand and slowly drag she away . alike keep look back , then finally give up . Laura look back just as alike turn around and disappear around the corner . bina ( cont 'd ) I like you friend . they be cool . 66 int . bina's bedroom - later 66 Music video play on the tv . alike and bina lay stretch out on pillow , a plate of brownie crumb between they . alike doze . bina smack she with a pillow . alike I be not sleep . bina yes you be . alike rub sleep out of she eye and prop herself up on one elbow . alike any brownie leave ? bina nope . bina flick off the tv and stare at alike . alike what ? bina nothing . alike look away . bina ( cont 'd ) what ? alike nothing . 82. alike fold she arm behind she head . bina stroke alike 's stomach . her finger 's dance at the top of alike 's pajama bottom . they eye meet . alike sit bolt upright . bina what be you do ? what 's wrong ? alike this be uh ... I never ... I be sorry , I be trippin ' out . bina it 's okay . we do not have to . alike lean in and kiss bina on the lip . bina consider and take alike 's chin in she hand and kiss she back . bina place alike 's hand on she chest . alike let she hand linger , then trace bina 's shoulder . 67 int . laura' kitchen - morning 67 Laura stand over the kitchen table shuffle through the mail . she pause at a stiff envelope with she name on it . the return address read " nys Educational &amp ; test service " . she flip the envelope over and look around , she rip the top off and ease the top of a slip out of the envelope . the top of the slip read " ' Campbell , Laura ' ged testing result . " 68 ext . bronx home - morning 68 Laura shift she weight on a paint concrete porch outside a small wooden frame home . the paint be peel and the flower in the window - box be dead . a rusted metal mailbox next to the door overflow with circular . Laura lift the circular out of the box and trashes they . she pick up a discard fast food bag and toss it too . a dog bark from a neighbor yard . Laura pull open the screen door and try to peer in through the diamond shape window in the main door , but it 's cover over in aluminum foil . more bark . Laura survey the street and bang hard on the door . she snap the screen door back and take a big step backward . Laura shift she weight and smooth she shirt . LAURA be mother , 54 , and no - nonsense open the door and frown down at Laura through the screen . LAURA oh. Laura 's mother cross she arm and look at Laura up and down . 83. LAURA ( cont 'd ) think you might have step out or something ? how have you be ? Laura 's mother frown up and down the block before refocus on Laura . Laura take a step closer to the door . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I and candy , you know we be do real good . Laura 's mother put she hand on the doorknob . LAURA ( cont 'd ) we might even be move to a bigger place soon . you know she 's workin ' at the hospital now , yeah you would be real proud of she . she might even go back and get she rn -- Laura take another step forward . LAURA ( cont 'd ) how - -? how 's pop ? you look good . you look healthy , yeah you look real good . you know uh , we miss you and everything -- Laura 's mother start to close the door . Laura back away . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I do not wanna take too much of you time . I just stop by -- you know I uh -- I be get my stuff together too -- I uh -- Laura fish the stiff envelope out of she pocket and advance on the screen door again , hold it out . LAURA ( cont 'd ) so , I do it . I take the test and -- Laura 's mother slam the door . Laura stand on she tiptoe and yell at the diamond shape window . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I get my ged ! the lock on the door snap into place . renewed bark from across the street . silence from the door . Laura brushes a fist across she eye and stuff the envelope into the mailbox . 84 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) but listen I -- I gotta go . I gotta get to work but I 'ma leave it for you to see . it be nice talk to you . Laura back off the porch and start down the walkway . she stop halfway and bound back onto the porch . she yank the envelope out of the mailbox and jam it into she pocket . Laura storm off the porch and out of yard , never look back . 69 int . bina's bedroom - morning 69 alike be asleep on the bed . bina clean up feverishly , " accidentally " bump alike awake . alike yawn and roll over , a huge grin spread across she face as she remember she surroundings . alike hey . bina hey . bina bolt to the dresser and cram clothes in . alike you up already ? bina it 's after one o'clock , actually . bina deposit a armful of clothes into the dirty clothes hamper , and then begin make the bed with alike still in it . alike pull bina down beside she . alike what 's wrong ? bina nothin 's wrong , I be just clean up . do not worry about it . alike okay then , I will help you . bina no , I get it . bina snatch a pillow from behind alike and fluff it . alike , still oblivious , grin and trace bina 's shoulder . 85 . alike look um -- I just want to say that last night ... last night be amazing ... thank you for -- bina last night we be just playin' around , that 's all . bina flinch away from alike 's touch . alike shoot a glance at the door and drop she voice to a choke whisper . alike look ... we can slow thing down ... nobody have to know that we be together . bina " together " ? whoa , no ... alike huh ?! I think ... look if you do not want to call it that , that 's fine , but do not act like nothing happen . bina move away and level she gaze at alike for the first time . alike touch bina 's elbow , bina flinch away . bina look , I be not gay okay ? this be not I -- I be not -- I be not ready for all this ... alike recruit the discard stuff moose and dance it around on the bed . bina recoil and snatch it away . recognition seep across alike 's pain face . bina move away from the bed and turn she back on alike . alike find she pajama pants on the floor and yank they on . she pull on jeans over she pajama bottom and haul a sweatshirt down over she nightie . she fling she backpack open on the bed and hunt around the room wildly gather she thing . alike go in the bathroom and reappear with a armful of toiletry , dump they in the bag . bina watch she , arm fold . alike take one last look around the room and head for the door , run a sleeve across she face . bina ( cont 'd ) Lee ? alike ignore she and launch into the hallway . bina run to she bedroom doorway . 86 . bina ( cont 'd ) wait --lee ?! alike beeline for the front door . bina chase alike across the room . bina ( cont 'd ) Lee , stop please ? alike wipe a sleeve across she swell eye and run nose and turn to face she . bina take several step toward she . alike let go of the doorhandle , she voice crack . alike what ? bina you promise you will not tell anybody ? 70 ext . bina's house / STREET - day 70 alike rage outside , weaving blind fury down the sidewalk . she kick over a cluster of garbage can and cyclone out into the street , narrowly miss get hit by a car . she continue she zag to the other sidewalk , she pace quicken . she rip open she backpack and launch a baseball cap into the air . she tear a handful of wifebeater from the bag and fling they into the street . spin and thrashing she wrench out a football jersey and jam it into another garbage can . she circle back and kick the can over . she hurtle she backpack into the tree like a discus and shed she hoodie like a skin before disappear into the scream of a subway station . 71 int . alike' live room - evening 71 Lee burst into the live room and charge to she bedroom . audrey , who have be wait in the live room storm in after she . audrey where in the hell have you be ?! alike kick off she shoe and pace the room . audrey ( cont 'd ) you hear I talk to you ?! where you be ? you leave bina 's hour ago !!!! Lee -- alike i'm not you husband !!!! 87 . audrey gasp in stunne silence . alike ( cont 'd ) I be not you husband so stop comin ' at I like I be . I be not you companion , I be not you friend -- you make that abundantly clear -- I be you daughter and I have my own shit to deal with !! audrey lee -- do not you dare -- alike -- I be you mother -- audrey melt back against the doorjamb . alike sling off she shirt and slam the door in audrey 's face . a livid audrey bang on the door and jiggle the handle . audrey ( cont 'd ) you must have lose you damn mind ! wait until you father get home ! 72 int . alike' bedroom - continuous 72 alike attack she closet , rip all the " girly " shirt from the hanger and hurl they toward a small vanity trashcan . she plunge back in and slam a armful of blouse to the floor . she launch a pair of pump into the wall , follow by a chunky pair of timberland . Silent sob rack she body as she tear off she own shirt and sling it at the mirror . she strip off she jeans and kick they brutally into a corner . alike consider she unclothed form in the mirror before collapse onto the bed . she writhes against the pillow and cover she eye with she elbow as dart of grief twist through she body . blackout . 73 int . alike' bedroom - later 73 alike jerk awake in she bed , a pillow pull down around she ear . the sound of a muffle argument leak from she parent 's bedroom . the shouting get louder , and alike sit upright in she bed as she father 's footstep boom past she doorway and into the live room . audrey 's voice trail he down the hallway , and alike scramble into a t-shirt and short . 74 int . alike' live room - evening 74 Arthur 's hand be on the doorknob , a small tote flung over he shoulder . audrey block the door , she hand on she hip . they both look up as alike edge into the live room . 88. audrey you see , that 's exactly what I be talk about ?! get over here ! arthur go back to bed ! audrey no , you come tell you father what you tell I ! arthur do not drag she into this , audrey ! ( to alike ) go to you room , alike . you mom and I be have a discussion . audrey we be not discuss !! I wanna know right now -- arthur go to you room ! audrey you father 's leave we !! arthur I be not leave you !! audrey sharonda , wake up !! come see you father leave we !! arthur I be not fuck leave !! will you stop say that ?! audrey come say goodbyeeee !! audrey shove Arthur toward the door . reflexively , Arthur raise he hand at audrey . audrey puff up . audrey ( cont 'd ) oh , what ?! I wish you would !! go ahead !! look girl , you daddy 's go to beat I !! sharonda burst into tear behind alike . alike hurry sharonda back down the hallway . 89 . alike shhh . it 's okay . go in my room and lock the door . do not come out , `kay ? sharonda bawl harder . alike gently close the door on she . alike ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna be okay . 75 int . alike' live room - continuous 75 Arthur and audrey argue viciously . arthur ( o.s. ) no ! dammit , that 's not true ! look , will you stop sayin ' that ?! audrey ( o.s. ) it 's the truth !! alike edge back into the live room , audrey wheel on she . Arthur be beat and cornere . audrey ( cont 'd ) you daddy 's get a new girlfriend ! or do you already know that ?! you know , I bet you do !! arthur audrey , stop it !! alike go back to bed ! audrey meanwhile , you daughter 's turn into a damn man right before you very eye , and you can not even see it !! Arthur drop he tote and advance toward audrey , leveling a stiff finger at she face . arthur no you take that back .! you shut the fuck up about that , audrey ! Arthur get in audrey 's face . audrey leer back at he . alike jump between they . alike dad ?! stop ! 90 . arthur go back to bed , alike !! audrey tell he , Lee ! arthur do not call she Lee ! alike Mom , stoppit please !? audrey tell you dad where you hang out ! tell he about you butch - ass girlfriend -- alike Laura 's not my girlfriend !! arthur what the hell be you talk about ?! you do not know what the hell be you talk about . alike , please just go to you room , baby ! alike drop she gaze and back away . audrey tell he ! Arthur 's expression crack and he tear he focus from audrey to alike . arthur tell I what ?! alike I be not tellin ' you nothin' . audrey tell he you be a dyke ! you tell he you be a nasty ass dyke !! arthur no she 's not gay . alike we do not raise you that way , baby . eye still downcast , alike just shake she head and back away . audrey there !! you see !! 91 . arthur you shut the hell up audrey !! Arthur extend he arm toward alike , he voice tremble . arthur ( cont 'd ) I know that 's not true . you tell you mother right now , alike . you tell she it be not true !! alike meet she father 's eye . alike dad -- arthur do not you lie now , you tell the truth !! alike you already know . arthur no , I do not know . you tell you mother it 's just a phase . alike it 's not a phase ! Arthur be stop cold , he shoulder slump . audrey see , if you would have do something !! arthur ( to alike ) what 's wrong with you ? alike there 's nothing wrong with I ! audrey this be you fault !! if you have -- Arthur tear into audrey , spittle fly . arthur audrey will you shut the fuck up !!! 92 . audrey arthur don't you scream at I !! you this be not my fault !! just should have be at home more shut up and lemme talk ! I be often !! why do not you do try to fuckin ' talk -- something !!! alike yeah I 'm gay !! Arthur spasm as though he 's be stab . out of nowhere , audrey 's backhand piston alike to the ground . she raise she hand high and slap it down hard on alike 's shoulder and arm . alike yell . Arthur turn to stone . audrey say it again ! say it again ! alike fend off audrey 's blow with she hand . she kick angrily as audrey tower over she . alike I be a lesbian ! yeah , I be a dyke . audrey no you be not !!!!! audrey 's blow become more manic and vicious . Arthur wake from he trance and try to wrestle audrey off of alike . arthur that 's enough ! stop it ! audrey do not you say that ! let go ! do not you say that ! alike get offa I !! audrey what ? you a man now ? you gon ' fight I like a man ??!! audrey swing and hit alike with a nasty hook to the jaw , alike 's head snap back and hit the floor . arthur audrey stop !!!! Arthur yank audrey off of alike . audrey direct she rage at he , pummel he face and chest . 93. audrey and you too ! you too ! you too ! oh GOD !! tear stream down Arthur 's face as audrey shake free and aim one last blow at he face . audrey ( cont 'd ) you say it's not true !!! 76 int . laura' apartment - night 76 click -clack . click -clack . the rattle of circuit breaker echo through the bare darkness of Laura 's small apartment . LAURA anything ? alike no . click -clack . click-clack . LAURA how about now ? alike no. nothing . LAURA shit. Fucking building . Laura bang into something in the darkness . LAURA ( cont 'd ) owww . shit ! a small light flick to life and grow larger . in its dim glow , Laura spot alike lean against a wear couch . the light become two as Laura hand alike a candle . LAURA here . good thing I keep some this around . alike snort thickly . her word be slur and nasal . alike yeah , for you many woman . LAURA hey , you thanking `em now . 94 . Laura hold she candle up to alike 's grim face . LAURA you okay ? alike wipe at already dry tear streak on she puffy face and look down . Laura slide a arm around she waist and guide she into the small bedroom . LAURA you bring clothes ? alike huh -uh . I stop by the house -- I stop by --- LAURA that 's alright , man . you can wear some of mine . it 's okay , c'mon . let get some sleep . my sister ' will be home in a little bit , too . 77 int . laura' bedroom - later 77 overturn ramen noodle cup litter the floor . Laura sip a beer and stroke alike 's head who sleep fitfully in she lap . 78 int . alike' live room - morning 78 Arthur be freeze in the middle of the live room with a contractor trash bag . he stoops and pile the shard of a break lamp into the bag one by one . sharonda peek out at he from she bedroom door . Arthur look up at she and sharonda push the door shut . 79 int . alike' parent bedroom - day 79 audrey sit at the edge of she bed in a housecoat . her hair be ruffle and flyaway . her ankle be cross and she hand be dead bird in she lap . her work clothes be laid out in a neat line beside she : shirt , pants , sock , and shoe on the floor right underneath . the telephone begin to ring , but audrey do not hear it . 80 int . bina's bedroom - afternoon 80 bina and a high school boy sit on the floor , they back propped against the bed , book spread on the floor . the boy put he arm around bina , launching numerous passionate advance , but bina push he away . 95 . the clueless boy continue he clumsy attempt . bina stare out the window , completely detach . 81 int . alike' kitchen - afternoon 81 audrey , still in she housecoat , stare into the refrigerator , transfix by the mountain of foil - cover plate . her eye be cry - out button . suddenly she remember to breathe , and she breath come raggedly tear out fresh tear . she yank a foil - cover plate , dump its content into the trash can and toss the plate into the sink . she dump another and another , she composure return with each plate toss . by the time she get to the last one , she breathe slow and return to normal . she disappear into the bedroom and reappear with the red shopping bag . she calmly lift out the pink blouse and stuff it into the garbage . she wad up the shopping bag and stuff it in too . she take a deep breath and wipe she sleeve across she nose . audrey okay . 82 int . alike' kitchen - late afternoon 82 Arthur , audrey and sharonda be peg around the dinner table . audrey 's make - up fail to cover the dark circle beneath she eye and Arthur have a week 's worth of stubble . there be a jag hole where alike usually sit . notice the asymmetry , audrey bundle up alike 's place set and sweep it onto the floor . sharonda look from audrey to Arthur then into she plate . audrey you want to say grace ? Arthur clear he throat . arthur heavenly Father ... audrey thrust she hand out to Arthur and sharonda . they each take she hand and Arthur begin again . arthur ( cont 'd ) dear heavenly Father we pray ... we pray thank you for this food and we pray ... we pray for you continue bless ... Arthur stop talk but he head remain bow . a awkward silence ensue . audrey and sharonda look up at he still hold hand . 96 . audrey amen ! arthur amen . audrey switch to a overly cheery auto-pilot mode , babbling to no one in particular . audrey I get this recipe from a magazine . suppose to be very good . and you see I make that green bean you like . sharonda pass the rice please . sharonda , stare at she father do not reach for the bowl . sharonda dad . you know where she be . 83 ext . laura' rooftop - week later 83 alike and Laura sit at the edge of the roof share a quart of mint chocolate chip ice cream . sunset paint the cityscape pink and orange . the faint cadence of child play drift in and out on a fickle breeze . alike 's wound be heal and she seem happy . the friend exchange wordless smile and soak in the peacefulness around they . Laura hear a noise at the door and get up to investigate . Arthur be stand in the doorway . Laura call out to alike . alike look up and the smile fade from she face . Arthur try to move around Laura , but Laura stare he down . Laura look back at alike . alike consider , then carefully nod . Laura step out of the way and watch Arthur pass . alike rise to face she father . she stand tall , she weight be center . Arthur struggle to find she eye , and she turn away from he . distant playground voice fill the pause . ext . laura' rooftop - week later alike sit at the edge of the roof write in she notebook . Laura swing open the door and alike look back in greeting , she smile fade as Arthur appear behind she . Laura motion to alike . alike consider , then carefully nod . Laura step aside and watch Arthur pass . alike wander to the edge of the roof , Arthur follow . distant playground voice fill the pause . 97 . alike where 's Mom ? arthur she ... you mother could not make it . alike shake she head and peer into the rusty skyline . Arthur slump he hand in he pocket and edge closer . arthur ( cont 'd ) remember we old place ? waaay out in queen ? it be we first apartment , we be so proud . have all that tree around it ? in October , the whooole block would be cover with leave . you remember . alike make no sign . arthur ( cont 'd ) you couldnt have be more than 2 year old . and when the wind would blow , all that leave would come rush down the street at we and you think they be alive . you would get so scared . you would cry and you would scream and beg for we to pick you up . I would try and tell you " they be only leave , baby " and make you stay on the ground . but you be so afraid and you cry so hard , you mother would always pick you up . she always pick you up . Arthur be silent beneath the weight of he memory . he dare a glance over at alike . arthur ( cont 'd ) ` member how we use to -- alike I have be accept into a early college program . start in the spring . Berkeley . arthur California 's a long way away -- alike ten week write boot camp , workshop . then I can start summer semester . 98 . arthur we can talk about that . okay ? alike I need you to meet with my guidance counselor . sign the paperwork so I can graduate early . arthur I be sorry , alright ? I be sorry I let she hurt you -- alike I need to know now if you will sign the papers . yes or no ? arthur can you forgive I ? alike yes or no ? arthur you can always come back home . thing be gonna be different , I promise you -- alike hold Arthur 's hand , stop he . alike dad , I be not run . I be choose . Arthur 's heart break , he gasp back a sob . alike ( cont 'd ) I be not go back home . arthur I know . ( beat ) okay . alike nod , squeeze Arthur 's hand . Arthur breathes deeply , compose himself . he start to pull away . arthur ( cont 'd ) I better -- alike tell Mom that she be right . arthur right about what ? 99 . alike God do not make mistake . arthur you should tell she yourself . Arthur squeeze alike 's hand and drift away . alike inhale the sunset . 84 int . hospital break room - afternoon 84 audrey be clean up , well - dress and freshly put together . she sit alone at the lunch table , crunching a apple . a bible and a daily devotional guide be spread open in front of she . alike knock on the glass , and audrey look up stunne . alike come in and sit across from she . audrey glance around , concerned about pass coworker . alike Mom . audrey Lee -- alike . how have you be ? alike Fine . do dad tell you ? audrey he tell I , yes . alike how be you ? audrey gather she lunch garbage and push back from the table . audrey I just hope you be keep yourself safe . alike I love you , Mom . audrey stack she devotional guide on top of she bible and stand . she start to speak , then cross to the door instead . alike ( cont 'd ) I say I love you . audrey I will be praying for you . 100 . audrey disappear into the hallway . 84a ext . rooftop - day 84a alike write in she notebook , mouth the word to a poem . she look up and study the horizon from time to time . 84b int . classroom - day 84b alike relax at a desk , read from she notebook . Mrs. Alvarado sit cross -legge on she desk listen . alike ( v.o. ) heartbreak open onto the sunrise for even break be open and I be break I be open Broken to the new light without push in open to the possibility within push out see the love shine in through my crack see the light shine out through I ? I be break I be open I be Broken open see the love-light shine through I shine through my crack through the gap my Spirit take journey my Spirit take flight could not have rise otherwise and I be not running I be choose running be not a Choice from the break break be freeing Broken be freedom I be not break I be free . alike close she book . the pair reflect in easy silence . Mrs. Alvarado nod . mrs . alvarado yeah . ( beat ) yeah . 101 . 85 int . arthur be car - day 85 the downtown Brooklyn landscape hum against the windshield as Arthur and alike ride in complete silence . sharonda chew a thumbnail , peer over the backseat . Laura slump against the window , a smirk hide at the corner of she lip . 86 ext . regional bus stop - day 86 Laura and sharonda fumble a suitcase out of the trunk of the car . alike shrug into she backpack . Arthur nudge they aside and heft out the rest of the luggage . arthur I get it . Arthur slam the trunk shut . alike thank you . arthur you want I to come in with you ? alike shake she head . Arthur start to back away . arthur well -- alike pounce on Arthur in a surprise hug . Arthur squeeze she back . arthur you can always come back home . alike I love you . arthur I love you too . 87 ext . regional bus stop - continuous 87 General chaos as passenger , and well - wish scramble for position . LAURA let I get a hug or something ' , damn . Laura squeeze alike first with one arm then pull she hand out of she pocket to wrap both arm around she friend . 102 . sharonda call we when you get there . alike you know I will . Laura back away and wipe a sleeve at she eye . LAURA you just better fuckin ' call . alike disappear through the bus door . Laura slouches on a hydrant and sharonda pace , scan the window for alike . 88 int . bus - day 88 sharonda wave maniacally . alike muster a smile and put a hand on the window . Laura raise a fist . the bus sail away from the curb . alike lean forward to keep Laura and sharonda in sight as long as possible . as she face front again , she glimpsis Arthur , stand in the doorway of the terminal . a pass van blot he from view and she lean back in she seat . a old korean woman next to she offer she a piece of ginger candy . alike pop the candy into she mouth and take a deep breath . reflection of the retreate city landscape replay across alike 's face and she be able to hold back neither the smile nor the tear that come . fade to black .