creation written by John collee note : we story alternate between past and present " present " mean the fall of 1858 when darwin be 49 . the child be : etty ( 15 ) George ( 14 ) Betty ( 11 ) franky ( 10 ) lenny ( 8 ) and Horace ( 6 ) . " past " mean the summer of 1850 , when darwin be 41 . the child be : willy ( 11 ) , Annie ( 9 ) etty ( 6 ) George ( 5 ) , Betty ( 3 ) franky ( 2y ) and baby lenny . 1 1 int . dark room . the past . day 1 in darkness , chemical wash over a copper plate . strange silvery pattern evolve in the half - light . 2 ext . terra del fuego . day 2 we Pov rotate downward onto a irregular shape . this shape be grey -green and cramme with detail which emerge as we draw close - like a continent see from outer space . a fruit fly land on it and we now recognise the shape as a patch of lichen . a number of other fruit fly be graze there . wider . the lichen be on a rock . a black lizard climb over the horizon - stalking fly . a slow advance . a sudden rush . a fly be snap up and mashed between toothless gum . the lizard be fix its beady gaze on the next potential victim when ... a shadow fall , the lizard try to flee . a seabird grab the lizard in its claw . death be sudden and bloody . the bird settles to eat . whizz ... thunk . a sharpen stick fly out of nowhere and impale the bird through its wing . the wounded bird fall between boulder , flap helplessly . the rest of the flock take to they air , call and wheeling as ... a crowd of local savage come racing over the larger horizon of the rock armed with primitive bow and arrow , spear , rock and throw -stick ... a child grab the injure bird and kill it . a adult biff the child on the head and steal the bird . the rest of the savage leap among the jag rock smite each other , shouting and snarling among the whirling flock of bird . and we CUT to 2 3 ext . coastline . day 3 a Pov shot through a telescope : the whirling bird the strange half - animal form of the savage . the whole scene be jerky , out of focus and inaudible at this great distance like a very old silent movie . charle darwin ( v.o . ) in terra del fuego . the " land of fire " - a blight and loveless country on the earth furthest rim - there life a community of the dirtiest , the rudest , the least civilise being you can imagine . the telescope focuss . the image become a little clearer 4 ext . cliff top . day 4 the flock of booby fly out to sea . the savage follow as far as the top of the cliff , where they stop in sudden amazement , stare at a distant sailing ship . darwin ( v.o . ) they be all completely naked , the man as well as the woman , with hair down to they bottom . they speak in grunt and they never wash they hand and face ! in many respects they resemble wild animal , except that animal be kinder to they child . a savage child make a comment and get biff on the head again . strange , foreign cry of the sailor be faintly audible over the water , as the anchor be drop with a rattle and a splash . a small boat be lower . darwin one day , Captain fitzroy go ashore to meet they . the slow rhythm of the oar . sailor and savage clutch they weapon , watch each other in breathless anticipation . 3 5 int . daguerrotype studio . the past . day . 5 a door open and a figure in black , hurry past , clutching a number of prepare photographic plate in they light proof case . technician not long now . I shall be with you immediately ... annie darwin , wear in a checker dress , age about 9 year old , sit look straight at camera . she have short hair and a pretty oval face on she lap there be a posy of artificial flower , in the background a improbable vista of jag mountain . photographer ( o.s. ) ready now . very still please . annie will this hurt , papa ? darwin no . it be only a beam of light . annie how can light make a picture . darwin well they prepare a copper plate with chemical on it . the chemical be sort of energize by the light reflect off you face . then silver stick onto the plate accord to where the light be brightest . annie Betty be worried it would hurt . .... what a little duck she be . darwin so as I be say , Captain fitzroy go ashore to interview the fuegan .... 6 ext . shore . tierra del fuego . day 6 wave lap on the black pebbly beach , where a young naval captain fitzroy with mutton chop sideboard disembark lightly from he jolly - boat . 4 darwin ( v.o . ) after some discussion persuade three of the savages` child to come home with he . the " discussion " be more in the nature of heat bargain for slave . fitzroy finally produce enough cloth and axe-head to secure the deal . the unwilling child push away by they parent and grab by sailor who bundle they , bite cry and kick , into the wait boat . darwin ( v.o . ) they name be jemmy button , York Minster and fuegia basket . 7 int . below deck . day . 7 below deck : a slapstick struggle with soap and scrubbing brushes - much bite kick and howling - as sailor scrub the child clean . sailor ow ! shite ! hold still ye maggot ! darwin the captain have they wash and get they hair cut , then dress they in proper clothes , and teach they proper table manners . 8 int . captain cabin . day 8 the child , clean and dress , seem happy enough in they new situation . they sit at the captain 's table clumsily saw with a knife and chase brussel sprout around a plate with they cutlery . a sprout shoot off the table 9 ext . ship' deck . day 9 splosh ! a weight canvas body bag be tip overboard . the rough unshaven seamen crew all remove they hat , some of they cry openly . 5 darwin York Minster die of the smallpox but the other two learn English and go to meet the queen . 10 ext . buckingham palace . day 10 a fanfare as the gate swing open as a coach - and - four rattles through . 11 int . buckingham palace . day 11 jemmy button , look very smart in velvet suit with silver button give proper bow and shake the Royal hand . fuegia basket curtsy . Queen Victoria remain out of shot but she attendant hand out present off a purple silk cushion : a Bible for fuegia and a telescope for jemmy 12 ext . shore of tierra del fuego . day . 12 hairy savage reassemble on the cliff top darwin two year later . Captain fitzroy and I take they back , in the company of a young parson , hope they would bring the other savage to god and to teach the other by example . the hairy savage squint from the cliff to sea .... another boat , the beagle , have anchore in they bay . Captain fitzroy be be row ashore with darwin , plus a very young parson and the two young fuegan , who be happy and agitate to see they homeland again . darwin and what do you think happen ? 13 int . daguerrotype studio . the past . day . 13 Annie suspect there be a joke come and cant help she mouth from twitching the corner . darwin ( laugh ) correct ! a complete and total failure ! 6 14 ext . rocky crevice . terra del fuego . day 14 at the first sight of they countryman , jemmy and fuegia rip off they clothes , drop the bible and the telescope , and run to join they , yell like nut -case . hairy savage yaaaaah !! jemmy / fuegia yaah !! yahh !! the benight young parson scramble after they , collect they discard garment from among the rain -swept rock . parson jemmy ! fuegia the telescope be smashed . the Bible lie abandon - the wind catch its soggy page and whirling they off in the storm . 15 int . daguerrotype studio . day . 15 darwin still laugh , dab he eye annie ( laugh ) yaaah ! the photographer disappear behind black curtain . technician very still now . no more talk please Annie compose she face in a expression of angelic seriousness . a glass dome above she head glow snapdragon blue Close on darwin watch he daughter , he eye still damp with tear of laughter . electricity hum . the strange blue light glow brighter , brighter ... brighter . the image of he daughter imprint on darwin 's memory . just so . forever . 16 int . down house . dine room . the present . evening . 16 servant be lay a table for dinner Gas lamp and the coal fire struggle to illuminate the lofty room . 7 Mrs Davies the welsh cook , bang the dinner go and shout across the darken garden outside . mr davie ( o.s. ) Children ! franky ! Horace ! dinner ! darwin attractive wife Emma adjust the lamp and the boy run in , franky age 10 lenny age 8 Horace age 6 . lenny mama mama . emma yes . what be it lenny Horace say he 's six foot tall . emma have you all wash you hand . horace he say I have to be or I can not join the army . emma first thing first . a officer must always tuck he shirt in . they elder sister Betty and etty take they place at table betty the boy make a camp with a camp - fire lenny oh ! sneak ! emma where 's the campfire . betty in the summer house but brodie put it out . parslow enter with the turreen emma thank - you parslow . where be Mr darwin ? parslow he be kill pigeon ma'am emma will everybody sit down please . 8 as they be pull in they chair , darwin enter , drying he hand on he trousers . he 's age ten year since we last see he and have lose he former air of gaiety . he sit , with a distract nod to the family . parslow Soup du jour , sir the child smile at parslow 's air of earnest formality but the atmosphere even among the young kid be sombre and subdued . darwin thank you parslow he butter some bread and start eat . Emma clear she throat . darwin . oh. the child bow they head . the bread stick in darwin mouth . Emma say grace . emma Lord God who watch over all that we do . bless this family and the food we eat . in Jesus name . amen . everyone repeat the " amen " except darwin . emma I hear Mr hooker be come tomorrow . the child prick up they ear at this . they like hooker darwin he will not stay long . emma do he say what it be about ? darwin I think this be not the time to discuss it . emma maybe the time to discuss it be before you invite he . darwin he send a telegram . I be sorry if it inconvenience you . 9 Emma purse she lip and turn she attention back to the child emma eat you soup now . darwin take a couple of spoonfuls , pause , as a wave of nausea sweep over he , then push away the dish . darwin ( to parslow ) tell Mr Davies it be delicious , but my stomach be not quite right yet . ( to Emma ) Excuse I . he get up and leave . as soon as he have go , the child natural talkativeness reassert itself . child can we take Mr hooker to the chalk pit . why can not he stay . can we pick blackberry ? emma I think he be just here to work 17 ext . down house . darwin' study . the present . night . 17 a branch tap gently against the window pain , like a insistent guest demand to be admit . the coal fire burn low in the grate - wind in the chimney rattling the damper firelight flicker on a collection of finch in a glass case , on a bird skeleton , on a fossil , and on numerous specimen bottle contain the fleshy part of barnacle preserve in spirit-of - wine . darwin sit immobile in he chair , regard a lock , black lacquer steel trunk , on the floor under he work table . a voice speak behind he . annie be not you go to open it ? he turn and see she sit on the day bed - the same little bright eye girl from the daguerrotype studio . she 's the same age as she be then and wear the same checker dress - though darwin himself have age ten year . 10 darwin maybe best if I just burn the whole lot . annie ( horrify ) no papa - you can not . I be in it . darwin do not be absurd . of course you be not . annie the story of I when I be small . you show I the page . darwin ah yes . annie " the natural History of baby " ... remember ? darwin of course I remember . he continue to stare at the shiny black box , he hand flutter lightly - a nervous tic . Music seep in - a soothing chopin nocturne and .... 18 int . down house drawing room . the past . night 18 darwin age 40 - bright -ey and inquisitive lean over to examine something , offer it he finger tip while make little tut tut tut noise . in the cot be a one - month old baby . darwin Annie . Annie . Annie . the piano music continue over , as she fist close round the end of he finger , then try to pull it towards she mouth . he pull it away from she and she frown . he offer it again and the tug of war become a game . baby Annie laugh . darwin write something in he notebook . then tuck he pencil behind he ear and try out various facial expression - scowling , smile - to gauge the baby 's response . 11 Emma turn on the piano-stool . emma ( affectionately ) what be you do ? darwin just play . she come over and , lean against he , read from he notebook . emma " six week : gurgle . hold tight to my finger . tries to suck . smile at my smile " the baby let out a long yodel of pleasure darwin I should add that she be musical . emma I hope you do not plan to treat all we child as little animacule to be include in you experiment . darwin do you mean there will be more . emma I assume that 's what you want . of course , if the idea do not appeal then ... darwin appeal ? dearest cousin . I be make plan for a army ! he take Emma in he arm . she give a little squeak - catch off balance then laugh as he waltze she around the room , sing . 19 ext . wood and meadow . the past . day 19 a army of child - the darwin family - run across the screen from leave to right . the little kid first , scamper through the hay meadow off into the tree . Household servant follow , carry blanket , hamper and parasol . the red haire Scottish nursemaid brodie , shout ahead to the little one . 12 brodie careful ! not too far ahead now . the child ignore she so she pick up she skirt and race after they . the adult follow in they wake - Charles and Emma darwin plus two young man age about 30 - Joe hooker and the rev inne 20 ext . river bank . the past . day 20 they have set up they picnic on a river bank . Emma be read . Joseph hooker be teach the boy to fish . he have spectacle and long wispy side - whisker : a batter panama on he head and he trousers roll up to he knee . hooker give it time to take a bite . the fishing float move a little hooker he 's nibbling . nibbling . oh bother . no - one move . he 's drop he spectacle in the shallow . George ( age 5 ) feel a jerk on the line . he squeal and drop the rod . the fish take off upriver . will go after the drop rod . on shore , Annie run up with a collect box to show she father annie I have get one . she open the box to show he a little black beetle . the local parson , inne , incline he head to inspect it annie what should I feed it ? mr innes a leaf I should think . what plant do you find he on ? annie in the mud under that log . inne look to darwin for advice 13 mr innes ... or a piece of bark maybe . darwin peer at the insect darwin cycrus caraboide . you can see from the mandible he 's a hunter . he feed on slug and snail . innes oh. Annie run off , call to the other child annie etty ! willy ! find I some slug . he 's hungry ! innes when I say I know something of insect ..... darwin oh tush .... I study theology for a year but yet I know exceedingly little of the bible . innes then once I be properly install at down I shall take pleasure in instruct you . darwin I should look forward to that immensely . Emma , know she husband 's ambivalence towards religion , cast he a slightly arch , amused look . inne notice this , though he pretend not to . hooker return from the river , look slightly damp , with the rod which he have manage to retrieve hooker everyone 's a bit wet . sorry , but the fish be surely bite . more worm , boy , more worm . George be look under stone hooker try over there , georgey , we have use all this one up . they move off , join Annie and the other in they hunt for crawl thing . the air above they be heavy and sparkling with pollen . 14 21 ext . ocean . night 21 a sailing ship sail past , trail phosphorescence it its wake . darwin ( v.o . ) on the beagle , quite , often we would drop a flask in the ocean and find it teeming with live particle which glow in the night 22 int . ship' cabin . night 22 the figure in silhouette of young darwin inspect a flask of sea water , glow in the darkness . he take a few drop on a watch glass and place they on the illuminate stage of he microscope . under the microscope , against a black background , million of tiny swim animal . 23 ext . by the river bank . the past . day 23 cut to the air above the picnicker - alive with glitter particle - against the dark tree behind . darwin .... so much beauty for so little purpose . emma surely not without purpose . they be help to light the ship 's way be they not . darwin smile at the idea , turn to inne darwin be you familiar with the work of Thomas malthus , Mr inne ?. innes he marry he first cousin do not he ? emma so do Charles .... so do I . innes oh , I be not at all suggest .... Emma wave it away . just teasing 15 darwin he make the point that if every trout , say , have a hundred offspring and so on and so on through the generation . then the planet would be knee deep in trout in just a few decade . innes of course most of the egg be destroy and eat so the number remain stable . that be the beauty of God 's plan . Emma give darwin a " so there " look and hand inne a sandwich . emma cheese and cucumber innes thank -you somewhere in the wood , Annie have find a treasure trove of worm and slug . annie ( o.s. distant ) over here .... there be million ! darwin it do not strike you as a exceedingly wasteful plan - this myriad life create only to be immediately extinguish . emma ( a gentle warning ) Charles .... innes ( confidently ) they be provide food for other . darwin you think they be happy about it ? innes happy ? Close up on a write worm . hooker be instruct George how to put a worm on a hook . hooker through he bottom and up though he mouth - perfect 16 darwin .... to be do god will . emma ( to inne ) please ignore he . after two glass of claret he tend to become mischievous . darwin no I be serious . if thousand be destroy that a few may live they life , be not the general sum total of happiness not in some kind of massive deficit ? innes well far be it from I to speculate on the mind of God , far less the happiness of a earthworm ha ha ha . but it seem to I that nature be at peace ... and most of she denizen be content . emma amen . innes ( to darwin ) you do not agree . darwin I think it be a battlefield . a constant and shifting struggle for survival between everything and everything else . emma I really do think man have a problem with natural beauty . they can not ever just accept it for what it be . ( call off ) Children ! Sandwiches ! ( then ) tell I of you wife Mr inne . darwin lie back on the rug and turn he head away from the sun . the base of a tangle hedgerow be just a few foot away . look into its tangle depth he see something gleam white - the skull of a sheep with briar grow through the eye socket . 17 24 ext . base of the hedgerow . time - lapse . night 24 the sheep 's skull be half - decompose . in fast forward we see maggot peck the remnant of flesh from the bone , bird feed on the maggot . a bird become trap among the briar . it flap madly upsetting a nest . egg and blind featherless hatchling fall down through the dark web of branch where they be devoure by vole and rat , then slug , then worm all the time tendril and vine be grow , the skull - bleach white - now encase in a cage of thick spiny branch , fizzing with insect life , where ant and ground beetle feast on the carcass of slug and .... 25 int . darwin' bedroom . the present . dawn 25 darwin wake in sudden terror . Dawn light illuminate the wallpaper in front of he - a William Morris design of interweave vine . Emma , be asleep in she night - cap at he side . darwin lie for a while in the semi darkness , until he hand , flutter on the coverlet , become still at last . 26 int . scullery . the past . day . 26 Light and noise . crash of gleam copperware , clatter of water in the pipe as the servant prepare Sunday breakfast the cook , Mrs Davies look out through a steam up window to see the angular figure of Charles darwin , bent almost double inspect a tiny segment of lawn . brodie join Mrs Davies at the window . mrs davie what be he do now , exactly ? brodie cut the grass with nail scissors . mrs davie such a shame he never have a proper job . at least you Mr thackeray have he book to write . 18 27 int . down house . the past . day 27 Children thunder up and down the stair between brodie who be do a final check on groom and Emma who be marshall they in the hall . 28 int . hallway . the past . day 28 emma chop chop georgie . sock ! and you have not buttone you trousers . baby lenny start cry and she go to comfort he 29 int . girl ' bedroom . the past . day . 29 brodie be arrange hair and tie ribbon for Annie ( 9 ) etty ( 6 ) and Betty ( 3 ) annie do you never think of get marry miss brodie . brodie once . but he go to Australia and I miss my chance . willy pass the door , he hair in need of brush . brodie master William . hairbrush . William come in . brodie brushes the back of he hair . willy ow . ow ! brodie well what do you expect . it be a bird nest . willy papa say God do not care if we be neat . brodie ( brush ) you father be a very wize man but have a small understanding of religion . no - one can read what go down in god great book of account . .... fingernail . willy present they for check . 19 brodie you can go . 30 int . hallway . the past . day . 30 the child come racing and swinging and clatter down the stair . Emma , hold the baby in one arm , steer a tricycle out of the way , clear a path to the door emma Mrs Davies , will you ask Jenny to wear a bonnet . I would not like people to think she fast . George age 5 tug at she skirt willy can I bring my mouse for a bless ? emma what mouse ? George ( 5 ) pull it out from he pocket . its dead , muddy and bloody GEORGE elsie catch it in the barn . we need to pray for he soul emma mice do not have soul . leave it on the window sill . everyone come now or we shall be late . 31 ext . laneway . down house . the past . day 31 peal of church bell mist rise from the ploughed field and hang among the ancient oak . a little procession head down the lane . the darwin - Charles and Emma - plus they servant and child ( older now , for we have flip into the present ) , all in they Sunday best . the tree be bare . they breath condense as they walk . 32 ext . village square . the present . day 32 the ancient flint church stand in the centre of downe ( sic ) village , opposite the George and Dragon pub . 20 a massive and venerable yew tree cast its shade over a number of gravestone one of they inscribe " to Mary darwin bear Sept 1842 die Oct 1842 . " Beyond the church fence , villager greet each other before head inside . the great majority of the village have turn out , from squire lubbock through the tradesman and domestic servant from the village to the clodhopper ( farm labourer ) in they color smock . rev inne be welcoming he large flock at the gate . emma reverend inne . innes ( smile ) ma'am . welcome . welcome then he eye move on to Charles darwin and he smile falter , he expression turn slightly cold . darwin tip he hat rather stiffly and walk away , through the throng of parishioner , leave he family to file into the church without he . 33 ext . woodland . present . day 33 darwin walk across the meadow and into the wood . a flock of crow take flight from the rookery in the bare tree overhead . 34 int . dovecote . present . day 34 in darkness , a furious struggle , squawk and frantically beat wing . darwin seize on a dove and back out of the dovecote , the silhouette of he upper torso take shape in the square hole in the floor . he climb down the ladder , pass the captive bird down to parslow , then climb back up and push he upper body into the dovecot again , in search of the next victim . 35 ext . the garden . down house . the present . day 35 the dovecote be a substantial affair on four pillar with a ladder in the centre . outside the dovecote , the boy be racing around play at soldier . ( franky 10 , lenny 8 , Horace 6 ) 21 parslow have a number of the bird in cage darwin Ring the two milky pouter . we will sacrifice the tumbler and skeletonize they . then ... he look up as a coach appear in the lane . the boy immediately break off from they game and run after it , shouting . boy it 's Mr hooker . it 's Mr hooker ! darwin try to wipe the bird shit off he hand and succeed only in get it on he sleeve . his breathe quicken . he seem at a loss . parslow be await further instruction parsolow then ... what Sir ? darwin just. ...to the shed with they . I shall clean myself up . he hurry off . 36 ext . the front gate . the present . day . 36 the coach pull up and hooker alight - ten year older than when we see he catch fish , but still with the same hallmark side whisker and wire - rimmed spectacle , the same springy step and ready grin . already he be be mobbed by the young boy - lenny , franky , and Horace - who clearly adore he . boy ( ad lib ) - we be the Light Brigade Horace be a Russian . hooker good choice Horace . I shall be Lord raglan and watch the slaughter from a safe distance . boy - will you give we a piggy - back ? - lenny cut he foot on a nail . there be lot of blood ! Emma emerge from the front door . she smile , pleased to see hooker despite she misgiving . 22 then she smile falter as another man emerge from the coach behind he . hooker Emma . forgive the short notice . you know Thomas huxley . emma only by reputation huxley Mrs darwin . hooker he insisted on come and I could not refuse he . emma tell papa he visitor be here . lenny he know already . horace he go that way . Emma smile brightly , cover for she embarrassment at she husband 's increasingly erratic behavior . emma anyway . come in please . come in . hooker head towards the house , the boy still cluster around he . franky Sir , be it true when you be in the himalayas you be imprison by the king of Sikkim ? hooker absolutely true . lenny and he think you be a spy for steal he rhododendrons ? hooker that 's approximately true . franky .... and he would not let you leave unless you agree to marry he fattest daughter . 23 hooker yes. ( conspiratorial ) .... but you be never to tell my wife that ! emma Children leave Mr hooker alone now . I be sure he have more important thing to discuss . hooker not really , but I think Mr huxley do .... huxley have see darwin , wash he hand by the " skeletonize shed " . huxley hang back to introduce himself as hooker steer Emma off into the house . hooker I have my heart set on a cup of tea and one of Mrs Davies ' scone . Emma look anxiously after huxley but allow herself to be gently side - line . 37 int . kitchen . the present . day . 37 Emma be by the kitchen window , rearranging tea thing on a tray . the sky outside be dark and lowering . through the window she can see darwin head off down the sand walk - head bow , walk stick in hand - deep in conversation with huxley . she drop a tea- cup which smashes on the stone floor . mrs davie I will do that mar 'am . please . let I do it . 38 ext . down house . the sand walk . the present . day . 38 the Sand -walk be a gravel walk path between the garden and the field , flanke by mature oak and ancient willow . huxley we be reforming the linnean . the committee will comprise myself , lyell , huxley ... yourself of course if you be willing . 24 darwin grunt noncommittally . the crunch crunch of they foot be punctuate by the regular stomp of he metal - shod walk stick . huxley we intend to reclaim science as a profession - wrest it away from the country parson and beetle - collector . you book will be we rallying point . darwin . you know it be not yet any fit state to publish . huxley I have read you detailed abstract . the argument be complete and utterly compelling . all that be lack be the detail and we know you have that in abundance . you barnacle work have establish you as the pre - eminent authority on marine life . darwin . on one small mollusc ! hooker in which the whole story of creation can be read . do not pretend to I that be not you intention . darwin . honestly .... huxley a " family tree " of barnacle stretch back 300 million year to the time it be a free swim prawn !. darwin . there be many gap . hooker of course with gap ! but that be the very point . if we but have the complete fossil record we could trace all life back to one speck of protoplasm . the branching of form in ever more complex succession ...until. darwin . yes yes , but one cannot infer too much . 25 hooker Mr darwin . either you be be disingenuous or you do not fully understand you own accomplishment . you have kill god. darwin . Mr huxley huxley .... and good riddance to the bearded malicious old bugger ! darwin ( interrupt ) please I must beg of you .... huxley no . I must beg of you sir . Joseph hooker we know be too nice a chap to do it . you be a fine and brilliant man who hate to give offence - a admirable quality - wish I have it myself . but what do we believe ? what do we know to be true . will you light the way or leave we all to flounder in the mire for another decade . he stop and lower himself onto a bench , tooth clench . hooker be you alright ? darwin . a touch of indigestion . it will pass . its clearly worse than that , but huxley , refuse to be distract , blithely ignore it and sit down beside he till the worst of it pass . huxley it be time to write you book Mr darwin . write it brilliantly as we all know you can . Strike hard and fast with a blow that be utterly conclusive . darwin ( in pain ) Sir , you be talk like a revolutionary and really ... huxley it be a revolution . and not before time . ( more ) 26 huxley ( cont would ) Goodbye to the lot of they - damned bishop and archbishop with they threat of eternal punishment . darwin and you would replace god law with what . huxley the law of logic . the law of nature . darwin know , as we do , that most capital crime be she everyday practise : theft , rape , murder , adultery , infanticide .... huxley wave it away darwin we live in a society bound together by the church . a improbable sort of barque I grant you but at least it float . you suggest we change all that at a stroke . you wish I to rebuild , plank by plank , the very vessel we be sailing in . 39 ext . down house . day . 39 the coach to London have pull up outside the front gate . huxley be aboard . darwin be talk with the coachman hooker come down the path in he black coat , carry he gladstone bag . emma Mr hooker . he turn . he have already say he good - by . emma I beg you , please do not push he . hooker no -one can push Charles . you know how fix he be . bit of a barnacle himself ... he own word . emma and if you prize he from he rock he will die . I know you all mean well but .... 27 coachman ( impatiently ) all aboard ! hooker get aboard . huxley lean out of a window and wave cheerily to the whey - face darwin huxley we will meet again , Mr darwin 40 int . the laneway . day 40 the coach pull away . look back though the rear window hooker see Emma with the boy cluster around she skirt . huxley what do she say to you ? hooker that it be kill he . huxley a mighty slow death consider the time he 's spend . we will be dead and bury ourselves if he prevaricate much longer . huxley take off he spectacle and polish they , embarrassed by huxley 's directness , inspect he own conscience in the bevell glass . 41 int . darwin' study . night 41 in the darken study , with he specimen and book all around he , darwin kneel by the box . steeling himself , he unlock the padlock and open the lid and take out the papers and notebook which be store there . the bulk of it be a single manuscript , accumulate over many year , divide into 14 chapter with page of note interleaved . the chapter be head . variation under domestication , variation under nature , struggle for existence , Natural selection .... a noise behind he almost make he jump out of he skin . its Annie , ten year old in she check dress , as she will always be in he imagination . 28 annie why be you scared ? darwin like you say . you be in it . annie its only a book , silly . he sit there regard the open box , paralyse by indecision . Annie tenderly smooth he hair , rearranging he collar . darwin what be you do , Annie ? annie I be make you beautiful . darwin I have to work . though the soft touch of she little hand be almost too real for he to bear and he close he eye annie breath in , papa . breathe out . now tell I a story . darwin I have no time .... annie about Jenny . please ? the sound of a wave break . wind stir darwin 's hair he open he eye and he be .... 42 ext . english beachside . the past day 42 sitting with Annie ten year ago on a English pebble beach . she have collect a pile of shell and be arrange they in " family " . the dialogue be continuous darwin why do you always ask for Jenny ? its so sad . annie that 's why I like it . it make I cry . 29 she look up from she shell and smile winningly . darwin look out to sea , at the bright crash line of surf , and begin the familiar , much - tell tale : darwin once apon a time there be a family of orang -u-tang live in the jungle of darkest borneo 43 ext . jungle of borneo . day 43 we Pov move between dark tropical tree to find a group of orangutan flopping around groom each other . as with the land of the fuegan savage , there be something slightly artificial about this jungle , as though the tree really belong in kew garden , and the naked jungle warrior , whom we now see stalking through they , be on loan from the museum of mankind . darwin they eldest daughter be the most loving , caring and trust orang of all . we follow a young nimble female , swinging through the tree , revelling in she own gymnastic ability , until she stop - hearing something : the sound of human speech . darwin but this quality in themselves can not guarantee a ape 's survival . sometimes , quite the reverse . Native hunter be creep through the undergrowth a warning screech from one of the orang -u-tang post as lookout . most of the ape flee up into the canopy . Jenny stay where she be , fascinate , just a moment longer than be prudent . darwin when she realize she danger it be too late . as she turn to flee a weight net be throw on top of she . the hunter pounce . darwin they put she in a bag and carry she off .... 30 annie " much to she loving parent 's sorrow . " darwin exactly . the family screech and hoot , anguish , as the hunter head back off through the tree . 44 ext . market -place . day 44 exotic coin and bank - note pass from hand to hand : from the tribal chief to the sultan , in he overlarge turban , from the sultan to the trader in he solar topee and stain white suit . darwin the hunter sell she the to the sultan who promptly sell she to a visit englishman who pack she aboard a sailing ship and bring she to London zoo . Jenny be take out of a bamboo cage and put into a metal cage . 45 int . cargo ship . day 45 the cage be lower by a crane . Jenny look out from she sway prison at spin grey sky and brick warehouse . 46 int . cage . london zoo . day 46 now she sit disconsolately in a corner of she permanent enclosure . she have be dress , ridiculously and poignantly in a smock and a bonnet . a group of onlooker be try to get a reaction out of she . eventually they give up and move on . darwin in London she have many admirer - of whom you father be but one . darwin move forward from the shadow , where he have be observe and take note . as the other human move away be attempt to start a conversation with Jenny in she own language , much in the way he communicate with baby Annie . 31 darwin hoo hoo hoo hoo . Jenny regards he sceptically then look away . darwin . hoo !! she startles and look at he aggressively . darwin hm ? he reach in he pocket . this get she interest . she come closer , expect food . darwin taker out a sprig of verbena - a strongly scent herb . he hold in front of he nose and inhale , make content expression of pleasure . Jenny watch . darwin hold the verbena towards Jenny . cautiously she extend a hand through the bar . they finger touch in space , like God give life to Adam . for darwin its a breakthrough - a moment of connection . Jenny eat the verbena and spit it out , shriek angrily . charle wait , sorry , wait - I have get something else here for you he reach in he pocket . she cock she head , alert . with the air of a conjurer , he pull out : a child 's hand mirror , flash as it catch the sun through the skylight . charle ( pleasurable surprise ) ahhhh !! he show Jenny she own reflection and , then hand the mirror through the bar . Jenny take the mirror , bite it , discover it be inedible , and smashes it on the ground . Charles make a sad , whining sound charle hew hew hew ... 32 jenny ( pout ) hmph . meaning : " ok then , I be sorry . " it 's such a complex human reaction - grudge contrition - that Charles laugh aloud with pleasure . Jenny laugh . Charles take out a mouth organ and play a snatch of chopin . Jenny cover she ear and chatter . " not listen not listen ! " Charles , insulted , stop play . Jenny laugh wave a hand as if to say : " play , if it amuse you . I be must kid . " 47 ext . the beach . the past . day 47 the salt wind . the dazzle light . the slow pulse of the surf . darwin have pause in he narrative . annie go on papa . darwin go on what . annie the bit where she get sick and die . darwin no . why do you want to hear that bit ? annie I just like it . it make I cry . darwin smile , he own eye fill with tear . then a door open , softly , in the sky . 48 int . the study . the present . night 48 it open wider to reveal Emma 's elegant profile , frame against the gaslight of the hallway . 33 her Pov : the black box be unlock and open , its content strewn around the floor at darwin foot . darwin be sit on the floor of the study hold in he have a magazine , publish by the Society for the useful distribution of knowledge , with a picture of Jenny on the cover emma be you come to bed ? darwin presently . he do not move . she come in emma what do huxley want ? darwin he think I should write it and be do with it . he feel it be a question of moral courage ...or the lack of it . emma you do not tell he about you health . darwin his theory be that I be make myself ill by hold back . that I should lance the boil . plunge in and hang the consequence . emma thank the Lord he be not a surgeon . darwin take a breath and plunge in himself : darwin I have conclude he be right . bite the gag . speed be everything . it will all be over in a matter of month . Emma be horrify . emma it be not mere month that concern I Charles . nor even year or decade ... its say quietly but with genuine anguish . to Emma it be as though she life partner have announce he 's contemplate suicide . 34 emma do you really care so little for you immortal soul - for the knowledge that you and I may never be together , in all of eternity . darwin ( softly ) you know that what concern you concern I also . what do think have hold I in limbo all this year . Emma have . they both know it . she turn abruptly from the door and hurry away . 49 int . bedroom . the present . night . 49 Emma have be cry . she lie in bed pretend to sleep . darwin get into bed behind she . he want desperately to reach out a hand to touch she , to comfort she , but he cannot do it for fear of weaken he own fragile resolve . darwin dearest Emma . you know this be not a decision make lightly .... 50 int . darwin study . the present . dawn 50 in the dawn light , darwin be write a letter to he wife . darwin ( v.o . ) .... it have be a very slow and gradual process , like the raise of continent . 51 ext . garden . the present . day . 51 emma stand alone in the wintry garden , a white apron over she black dress , read . darwin ( v.o ) what else can I say to you , except that it seem the process be now complete . a tear track down the curve of Emma 's cheek as she fold the letter , put it in she pocket and return to the business of dead-head flower . in voice over we hear sing . 35 congregation all thing bright and beautiful , all creature great and small . all thing wize and wonderful , the lord God make they all . 52 ext . down village church . the past . day . 52 move in through the graveyard , past the ancient yew .. congregation ( os ) each little flower that open , each little bird that sing , he make they glow color , he make they tiny wing . 53 int . downe village church . the past . day . 53 the church be pack for the Sunday Morning service the darwin family stand in the front row . Emma , the servant and the rest of the family be sing lustily : parslow - a somewhat pompous operatic tenor , brodie and inne both loudly Scottish ( inne out of tune ) , Annie by darwin side , trill along in a tuneful little descant . she notice she father be not sing and offer he she hymn book with the word . darwin smile and return it . its not that he do not know the lyric , its just that he can not bring himself to say they . darwin family all thing bright and beautiful all creature great and small . all thing wize and wonderful the Lord God make they all . the organ , play by Mrs inne , wheeze to a pause . inne himself mount the pulpit . innes let we pray . everyone bow they head in prayer . innes ( cont 'd ) Lord God we know the world be govern by thy plan . darwin be immediately not listen . 36 he look along the row of he child , stand dutifully in a line between Charles and Emma . George , age 5 , be study the woodlice which be nest between the page of he hymnal innes ( o.s ) extend even to the merest creature thou hast make , such that even a sparrow fall not to the ground without thy will . darwin , stand watch the play of light from the stain glass window on he shoe . then raise he head innes teach we that all misfortune . all sickness and death , all the trial and misery of which we daily complain be intend for we good , be not the vagary of a uncare universe but the correction of a wize and affectionate parent inne look up sternly and see the darwin 's head raise among the sea of down - turn head . they eye meet briefly in a sort of challenge , and in that moment , darwin somehow know with absolutely certainty that religious faith have leave he . with a whisper word to the beadle stand next to he to take the collection darwin slip out from the pew and head off up the aisle . darwin Excuse I he 's intend to be quiet and subtle but the creak board under he foot loudly announce he departure . inne raise he voice above the fusillade . innes turn with I now to the book of job , chapter two verse twelve the congregation , not dare to raise they head , watch darwin 's sturdy walk shoe depart down the aisle . 54 ext . the church . the past . day . 54 the rise and fall of inne 's voice continue in the background as darwin walk out from the porch , emerge from shadow into sunlight . 37 a summer day . he feel like a weight have be lift . the church beadle come out behind he . beadle be you all right , sir ? darwin never better . thank -you . he head off up the gravel path 55 int woodland . the present . day 55 the faint and distant sound of church sing filter through the misty wood . the black wet trunk of tree catch the sunlight . frosty dew highlight mistletoe and holly and dead bracken and the sudden red flash of a robin . darwin cut a strange dark angular figure , walk along the narrow track a single step at a time . he pause breathe , and listen . his quick eye catch the robin seize a worm . further on . a pheasant break cover . a hare stand upright in a clear then bound away . darwin look down and take another step , place he foot carefully , silently so as not to disturb the wildlife . cut to a different pair of much new shoe in exactly the same spot . 56 int . woodland . the past . day 56 darwin be ten year young , pace in the same , measure way through summer woodland . there 's a noise behind he and he turn , finger to he lip for silence . Annie turn away from he and pass the sign down the line of child : etty , George , Betty and franky , in decrease order of height . annie shh franky ( to annie ) what be we look at ? 38 the question come back up the line darwin a weasel . the child bunch up to gaze on a strange and wonderful sight . in a little sun - dapple clear a weasel be turn loop the loop in a strange spiralling dance for the benefit of ... ... a young rabbit , which sit utterly hypnotize by the performance . at first its strange and amusing , then the dance become more sinister . the weasel advance by tiny increment as it tumble in the air , finally annie no ! the weasel seize the bunny rabbit by the back of the neck and shake it savagely . the rabbit shriek and spasm . Annie be beside herself , drum the ground with she foot in a fever of fear and pity . the rabbit be still in its dearth throes , its neck break , its back leg still jerk annie no ! no! stop it . daddy . stop it . make it stop . the rabbit be already dead . darwin Annie , Annie , Annie . he sink to he knee , heedless of the mud on he Sunday best worst , embrace she . the other be shocked and amaze by the rabbit death , but none of they distress as Annie . they be country child and death be a everyday event GEORGE the chicken do that too when cookie kill they annie ( tearful furious ) chicken be different ! ( to she father ) ( more ) 39 annie ( cont would ) why do not you do something . you should have stop it ! darwin the weasel have to eat . its the way of the world . Annie annie its not fair . its not fair . darwin no , its not fair at all . pat she and stroking she as the little sob subside . the weasel be drag the dead rabbit back to its lair . darwin .... but still it be extraordinary , do you not think , that a weasel should learn to dance the polka . despite herself the concept amuse Annie . chest still heaving with sob - she dry she eye and smile at he through she tear . 57 int . down house . bedroom . the past . night . 57 piano music - chopin - play softly over as Charles and Emma do the round of they large brood of child , turn out lamp and kissing sleep head , take a doll from one sleep child 's embrace , a sword from another . shoo a cat and she kitten from the bedroom . emma good-night lenny . darwin good-night frankie emma good-night Betty . darwin watch he wife , a sensuous figure , stoop over the sleep child , a lock of hair fall forward as she kiss she . darwin good-night George emma good-night etty . darwin good-night willy 40 darwin and emma good-night Annie she 's sound asleep . finally Charles and Emma be alone together in the blissfully silent house . Emma smile emma dear Charles darwin dearest Emma he take she hand and lead she to they bedroom . 58 ext . the beach . the past . day 58 Emma lie on a rug , she head be in darwin 's lap . she be read aloud from a new book of poem by wordsworth . emma " love she be , and tractable though wild . and innocence hath privilege in she . to dignify arch look and laugh eye ; and feat of cun ; and the pretty round of trespasp , affect to provoke mock chastisement , and partnership in play " she put the book down darwin ( smile ) then we be wrong . she be not unique after all . darwin be watch Annie dance in front of the surf , turn cartwheel - a wild dance sprite of the sea , oblivious to the cold , shouting and sing : 59 the beach . later 59 later , near the cliff , darwin be " geologise " he 's excited , breathless and windswept , shouting over the sound of the nearby surf as he clamber over the huge assort boulder point out the geological strata to he kid who be more interested in clamber . 41 darwin this be devonian , about 400 million year ago . rock like this might have fish in they , trilobite , tree fern , coral maybe .... he knock off a corner of rock with he geological hammer , then move on etty be this a bit ? darwin no that be cretaceous etty . it be make a hundred million year ago , when this cliff be a coral reef and down village be a swamp full of great crocodile . tap tap tap with he hammer as the boy scramble upwards , play at mountaineer . darwin we might find oyster and sponge imprint in it , or dinosaur if we be lucky ... GEORGE what 's a dinosaur ? etty Professor Owen invent they . darwin they be the giant lizard which live on earth before there be any human . betty but they be not real darwin of course they be , Betty . do I never tell you of the skeleton I find in South America ( to etty ) do you remember Mr martell ? etty no . Annie arrive , hopping nimbly over the rock still in she wet swimsuit 42 annie yes you do . when he come to tea and show we drawing of he iguanodon . and George burnt he finger roasting chestnut . etty oh yes . annie she do not remember . darwin you should have you clothes on Annie . you be quite blue . annie savage do not swear clothes . she run to the top of a great fall rock , spread she arm out , and yell to the sky . annie I be a fuegan . darwin well do not fall and hurt yourself . you mother would never forgive I . Annie give a shout and disappear head over heel . darwin Annie ! annie I have find one ! in the rubble at the base of the rock she have land , unhurt and quite by accident on a perfect specimen of a fossilize trilobite . 60 int . darwin' study . the present . day 60 the black box lie open with all its secret strewn around the office . stack of paper - a stack for every chapter - be hold down with paperweight - a fossil , a skull , a specimen bottle . darwin square a stack of blank paper between he hand , then reach for he pen . 61 int . village school . the past . day . 61 Annie reach for she pen . 43 reverend inne be give the child they write lesson , accord to " mulhauser 's technique " innes first position . the child assume the position as if in some militaristic drill . innes second position . grip be adjust , pen be dip . innes assume the distance . the child lean back fractionally , so they elbow be just back from the edge of the desk . innes ..... and begin . the Children start to copy the sentence which inne have write on the blackboard . Annie read the sentence and hesitates : " and on the seventh day God end he work which he have make ; and he rest " 62 int darwin' study . day . 62 darwin massage he cramped hand then take a blank sheet of notepaper . darwin dearest hooker . I be one week into the great project and I feel at last that it be real . its title be " on the Origin of species . " as I write these word why do it feel as though I be confess to a murder ... a paper stir in the breeze and he pin it with the nearest object to hand - Annie 's trilobite . his eye rest on it a moment CUT to 63 int . darwin' study . the past . day 63 the corrugate gray surface , greatly magnify . the darwin of ten year ago be examine the trilobite with a watchmaker eyeglass . 44 there be a small mirror above he desk , angle so as to give he a view of the path lead round from the front of the house . inne appear briefly in it , precede by Annie , who be trot to keep pace with he and cry . darwin , intent on he work , notice neither of they from downstairs he hear the door knocker then brodie 's voice , then Emma 's overlap with half - hear fragment of inne 's Scottish brogue . innes ( o.s. ) I think you need to know why I have to chastise she . darwin remain immerse , examine each detail of the trilobite , compare it with other specimen in book and in box . innes ( o.s. ) .... it be not fair to the other nor to Annie herself that she head be fill with this idea .... emma be you listen , Annie ? Annie sob louder , incoherent in she grief . darwin finally focuss on the sound , recognize she distress and get up to investigate . 64 ext . upper hallway . day . 64 he reach the top of the stair . Annie be directly below he , slump , still sobbing at the foot of the stair . Emma have ushere inne to the porch out of sight . innes ( o.s ) I shall bid you good day then the front door close . darwin come downstairs darwin what happen ? annie nothing . darwin its not nothing . ( to Annie ) why be you knee bleed ? 45 emma Mr inne have to have word with she . it be sort now . darwin word be very well . I be ask what happen to she knee . annie Mr inne send I to the corner and make I kneel on rock -salt . darwin what ! annie ( in a rush ) I say there be dinosaur and he say there be not dinosaur but there be because you see they . emma ( interrupt ) Annie . let I talk to you father . he tell she to kneel till she repent ... darwin repented what ? emma the bleed be due to she own stubborn - ness . it be finish now . darwin it be by no mean finish . where be my coat . its intolerable emma Charles . please . Charles ignore she , force he arm into the sleeve of he coat . emma Mr inne be a dear friend and neighbor . I beg you at least appraise yourself the fact . she contradict he repeatedly . the fault be Annie 's Mr inne be quite within he rights . 46 darwin ( he arm be stick ) in he rights to torture we child for express the plain truth . brodie appear and darwin usher Annie towards she darwin emma ... please take she to it be not the truth as he kitchen . see it darwin well damn how he see it . damn the pair of they and all they work emma Charles listen to yourself . listen block he path as he head for the door . her palm flat on he lapel , soothing , reason with he darwin Emma please . I will not have inne tell I what I can and can not tell my child . emma it be what I have tell they every night at bedtime . it be the instruction my aunt and you brother and most of we family live by . it be what all of the village believe ... or try to . Charles . must we child be revolutionary at nine year of age . write to he with you concern - we concern - about the manner of the punishment but please do not set yourself against he . think of my feeling on this . I beg you . finally he outrage have spend itself , neutralize by she gentle persistence and the deep affection he hold for she . darwin you be right of course .... I be sorry . he embrace she . Emma be reassure , she cannot see the conflict write all over darwin face . 47 65 int . study . day . ( the present ) 65 the conflict expression have harden , the furrow in darwin 's brow etched deeper , as he dip he pen and begin the second chapter . from the floor below we can hear Emma practise a piece of music on the piano - chopin 's revolutionary etude : a rippling , brood arpeggio run up and down the keyboard , redolent of a angry sea . darwin 's pen scratch doggedly over the paper . 66 int . bedroom . night . 66 in the bedroom , in he nightgown , darwin scrub the ink stain off he finger with a pumice stone . Emma pass behind he , prepare for bed . he glance at she in the mirror darwin you be still angry with I . emma no . why ? darwin I can always tell by you play . emma not angry . I be sad . 67 int . darwin' study . the present . day 67 darwin sit at he desk , write and editing , he hand clamp on the pen . a voice speak from nowhere annie talk to she . darwin ( still write ) and say what ? she do not want to hear it . annie then write to she . darwin ( irritably ) that be what I be do Annie , I be write all of it . 48 68 ext . darwin' study . day 68 Emma , pass the open door glimpsis darwin talk angrily to himself as he write . darwin .... and then she can read it , and we can all be free of this ! now , please , Annie no more interruption ! 69 ext . garden . dawn 69 the music continue , louder . a frosty coating of dew cover the lawn . footprint lead to a strange wooden tower in the garden . parslow stand outside , shiver in the grey morning light . darwin shout from inside . darwin pull ! parslow pull a lever . there 's the sound of crash water , a yell of pain from inside the tower . raven rise , call , from the surround tree . 70 int . darwin' study . the present . day 70 darwin dip he pen , score out some text from he previous draft and write again . the music continue from downstairs , louder and more insistent than before . 71 lounge room . the present . day 71 emmas hand race back and forward along the piano keyboard . 72 int darwin' study . the present 72 darwin 's pen scratch across the page , make a noise like fingernails on a blackboard . the music from downstairs seem to drive into he skull 49 he speak aloud the word he be write , in a effort to drow out the piano music . darwin ( thought voice ) ... in time small variation become extreme ... strange detailed drawing of barnacle be strewn across he desk , seem to change and transmute before he eye . darwin ( v.o. ) ... organs change they very function , the oviduct become a cement gland . he stop . his hand be shaking too much to write . annie what 's a oviduct ? darwin nothing that need concern you . annie ( sulkily ) I know what it be anyway . darwin get up abruptly from he desk . 73 int . water tower . day 73 darwin pull ! darwin stand naked , clutching to two hand rail for support as a great tub of freezing water tilt and pour its content on top of he . darwin yell 74 ext dovecote 74 bird rush out from the dovecote 75 int . study 75 darwin dip he pen and write darwin .... what be once a free - swim creature now find itself glue by its head to a rock , flail for food with its leg ... , 50 the Revolutionary etude be continuous now - real or imagine . 76 under the sea 76 surf crash . underwater , among the swirl seaweed , fragile sea creature be tear this way and that by the raging surf 77 int . malvern spa treatment room . day 77 Annie scream and kick she leg , overwhelm by water in some dark place . pull back to reveal : 78 int . hell . 78 a vision of hell : the water be fire . the barnacle be people . the people be Annie , Emma and darwin . 79 int . bedroom . night 79 darwin wake in a panic and sit up in bed . he raise he right arm and look down at he inky write hand flutter in the moonlight , like a organ with a will all of its own Emma be a sleep . there 's a crucifix on the wall above she bed . on the bedside table there 's a bible . emma " ... about the midst of this valley I perceive the mouth of hell to be ; and it stand also hard by the wayside . now , think Christian , what shall I do ? 80 int . nursery . the present . night 80 the child be gather around Emma who be read a bed - time story to they by lamplight . Emma be in the centre of a circle of little attentive face . 51 she 's aware of darwin , stand in the darken corridor beyond the door , draw to the cosy little group but unable to join it . she let he be . continue read emma and ever and anon the flame and smoke would come out in such abundance with spark and hideous noise , that he be force to put up he sword , and betake himself to another weapon , call " all prayer " ... " 81 int . etty's room night . 81 the older girl etty and Betty finish they prayer and jump into bed in they night - gowns Emma come in to take away they lamp . etty be daddy not come to kiss we good - night emma he be still a little bit ill from work ... maybe tomorrow . betty that 's what you say last night . Emma turn out the light . in the darkness etty say . etty I think when Annie die he stop loving we . Emma return to she bedside emma oh come now , etty . you know that 's not true . he be just a little bit ill - and a little bit busy . 82 int . boiler room . day 82 in the bowel of down House the house , we find darwin wrap in wet towel sweat in front of the wood- burn stove . as he gaze into the leaping flame , Annie appear at he shoulder . 52 annie be there really such a place as hell . darwin no of course not . how can there be ? if he be suppose to be loving and forgive - what on earth be the sense punish all this million of soul . annie but just suppose if there be . and all this be punishment . darwin all what ? no reply . darwin I do not know what you mean . all what ? 83 int the water tower . day 83 darwin stand , leg apart in the water tower brace himself like a colossus against the full force of the deluge . darwin pull ! 84 ext the water tower . day 84 the gardener , split log , watch darwin stagger from the tower with a rug wrap around he , and make he way back to the house . 85 int . darwin' bedroom . day . 85 darwin lower himself into bed , inky and tousle . he seem prematurely age , crippled by the gruell process of write the book . as he lie there , unable to sleep line of write text seem to appear behind he close eye , or in the tangle vine of the wallpaper . Emma speak from the other side of the bed . emma talk to Mr inne . please . you be clearly not well 53 darwin he be what ? a physician now emma you know what I mean . I think he can help you . Charles remain stubbornly silent , he hand flutter over the coverlet . emma I be take the child to maer for a while , to visit they cousin . ( beat ) I worry for you , Charles . please talk to he 86 int darwin' study . day 86 Fire flare in the grate as darwin compare the skeleton of various pigeon . he start a new chapter : " change under domestication " 87 int . the dovecote . the present . day 87 pigeon mate and coo in the dusty twilight . 88 ext . the dovecote . the present . day 88 parslow pick up two of they , casually wring they neck and head off with they to the skeletonize shed . 89 int . darwin study . the present . day 89 darwin look out of the study window , search for inspiration . he see Emma and the child get into a coach with they baggage . 90 int . darwin' study . the present . night . 90 darwin sit at he desk . he have write the chapter head and nothing else . parslow knock and look in parslow will you be eat sir . 54 darwin no thank you . parslow leave . darwin address the empty room . darwin Annie ? ..... Annie . she will not come . 91 ext . the beach . the past . day 91 Annie dance in the surf . one minute she be there and the next she have vanish , lose among the churn wave . darwin leap top he foot shouting darwin Annie ! raucous male laughter take we to 92 int . public house . the past . evening . 92 the George and Dragon on a Saturday night . the air loud with laughter and thick with pipe smoke . clodhopper crowd the snug , many of they roaring drunk , with they florid complexion , stain and break tooth . darwin try , to slip in discreetly be spy by a group of local who hail he and gather around he , wedge he into a corner with they overloud loud talk and laughter . thatcher Mr darwin ! Mr darwin ! I be explain to Mr goodman here you interest in breeding . Mr darwin be we foremost scholar in the village . darwin no . no I be but one of many . there be squire lubbock , and the reverend inne the thatcher wave they away as lesser talent . thatcher .... he be also a note explorer , the author of many book .. darwin ... which no - one have read . 55 thatcher ...a fellow of the Royal society and a prodigious expert on clam ... oyster ? darwin barnacle . thatcher Mr goodman , now , be the foremost pigeon fancier in all the southern county . Kent champion two year run . I swear he can give you any beak or plumage in four generation . head and tail in five . darwin how do you do it ? gooodman by breeding cousin with cousin . I find it the fastest way to alter the strain - provide you do not weaken it in other way . darwin take a slug of whiskey 93 int . darwin' study . the present . night 93 he be drink in he office . the clock strike twelve . the page in front of he remain stubbornly blank darwin be rise from he desk when he see something move . in one of the bottle on he desk , a fleshy marine specimen seem to have come to life . it writhes blindly in its bottle of formalin , make a sound like a baby cry . darwin , recoil in horror , push himself back from he desk . the castor on he chair trundle back from he desk . behind he he hear a tapping and turn to see that all the bird in he big glass display case of galapagos finch have start to beat against the inside the crowded glass case . they flutter , frenzied , tapping with they beak on the inside of the glass , which shatter as ... one by one the bottled specimen explode , discharge they content onto the floor . a lamp fall over . the room be fill with bird the floor awash with formalin and break glass . 56 the Study seem to tilt like the cabin of a ship in a storm and . 94 int . darwin' bedroom . the present . dawn 94 darwin wake from the nightmare asleep at he desk , the whiskey bottle a quarter empty , ink on he hand and he shirt cuff he get up and put on he shoe . 95 int . down house . drawing room . the present . dawn . 95 the scullery may , lighting the fire , look round and see darwin . he walk past she without a word and head out into the garden . 96 ext . down house garden . the present . dawn 96 darwin head across the lawn , take a key from he belt and open the door of the skeletonize shed . 97 int . skeletonizing shed . the present . dawn 97 in the grey light he take in the corpse of dove from the dovecote . some have be skinned , they pelt curing on frame , they carcass steeping in a bucket chemical which remove the flesh from the bone . previously he regard this place as a sort of laboratory . now it seem a place of horror . the door open behind he . its parslow . darwin get rid of they . parslow which one sir ? darwin all of they . all of it . 98 int . dovecote . the present . dawn 98 darwin reach into the dovecote and start grab pigeon at random , drag they out and fling they into the air . 57 darwin go. go! 99 ext . down house . the present . dawn . 99 displace dove beat the air . darwin climb down the ladder , grab and axe and attack the wooden stanchion support the dovecote parslow come run over from the skeletonize shed , call : parslow sir. Mr darwin . darwin stand back , hair wild , eye craze , he sleeve cover in bird shit . parslow please rest sir . I will have John Lewis remove it . have some breakfast now and rest . shall I call the doctor ? darwin God know . parslow or the water tower . darwin a pox on all of they ! 100 int . anniee room . the past . day 100 the local doctor Henry Holland take out various concoction from he medical bag and arrange they on the dresser . we be in the past . Annie be in bed with a fever . Emma be pregnant . doctor calomel then , twice daily . darwin I will not give it to she . emma doctor Charles .... Mrs darwin , it be nothing but chloride of mercury . I have prescribe it often in child as young as two . 58 darwin not to any of mine I hope . on the beagle I drop some on a microscope slide and all my animacule die of it . doctor well animacule be not person . presumably they would die if you dose they with madeira wine . darwin on madeira they thrive most excellently , as do Captain fitzroy , while it last . Annie enjoy the joke and give darwin a weak smile . the doctor regards she balefully doctor or if she would submit to be ble . annie please no . darwin I will write to Dr gully again . doctor ( sceptical ) the hydro -therapist ? darwin I have always find he treatment most effective . doctor ... no matter that they defy all sense of logic . he be pack up he bottle and he lancet darwin logic be not everything . Emma shoot he a look . til now scientific logic have be he guide principle . doctor then I shall bid you good day . darwin parslow will bring you carriage . I will be down presently the doctor leave the room . Emma be in a terrible quandary 59 darwin I should take she to malvern . emma I think it be better she be here . darwin gully can care for she properly there . she can be treat daily , as I be . emma Charles no . she be better with we . with she family . please do not take she away from I . 101 int . darwin' study . the present . day 101 parslow enter to find he master stare vacantly into space . the page in front of he be still blank . the study be in chaos . it seem as though the content of the black box have multiply and spread out to colonize every corner of the room . parslow Post for you sir . he leave it by darwin elbow and back out . after a while darwin seem to rouse himself . he pick up the large envelope , postmark Malaysia , and slit it with a letter knife . the sender be a Mr wallace . there 's a cover letter and a twenty page attachment darwin read , and let out a sudden loud bellow of laughter . darwin ha !! 102 ext . down house . the present . day . 102 darwin sit in sunshine at the rear of the house , rugge up against the cold . look frail still , but oddly at peace . innes ah , there you be Mr darwin . darwin look up blink in the sunlight to see the stocky , dark - suite figure of Mr inne . 60 innes May I join you . darwin by odd mean he make some space on the bench . inne hesitates , unable to read darwin 's feeling towards he . the smile be welcoming enough but there be something not altogether balanced about it innes Mrs darwin inform I you would be alone and .... perhaps a need to counsel . he see a envelope on the ground and stoops to retrieve it . innes you drop this . what a beautiful postage stamp . darwin yes . it be from the spice island . innes I do rather envy you wide circle of correspondent . in my youth I always want to travel . darwin you be still young . you could be a missionary and follow in Mr livingstone 's footstep . innes yes , although I have always feel there be quite enough evil at home without look for it abroad . ( then , casually ) Mrs darwin tell I of the book you be write . darwin not any more , thank goodness innes you have finish it ? darwin it have be finish for I . my correspondent in the spice island have arrive independently at exactly the same idea , express in a mere twenty page . ( more ) 61 darwin ( cont would ) there 's brevity for you . I have so far cover two hundred a fifty and come to a dead end . so finally I be rid of the project . inne be relieved to hear it innes the Lord move in mysterious way . darwin he do indeed Mr inne . I be reflect only the other day on the fact that he have endow we in he bless generosity with not one but nine hundred species of intestinal worm each with its own unique method of infiltrate the blood supply and burrow through the mucosa . inne shift uncomfortably . darwin and then again on the great love he show for butterfly by invent a wasp to lay egg inside the live flesh of caterpillar innes well . it be not for we to guess at his reason . darwin no . we can leave that for Mr wallace now . should I advise he to stay overseas do you think ? if he show he face in Kent he may be require to kneel on rock salt . inne rise . he 's a short man , acutely aware of any threat to he dignity , and he 's have enough of this mockery innes I once value we friendship Mr darwin . I have hope it might be possible to restore it . clearly in you present mood that be not go to be possible . my regards to Mrs darwin he start off round the corner of the house . 62 darwin listen to he footstep recede , then turn he face back to the sun . when he open he eye see a figure stand in the lawn . it be Annie , plain as day , scowling at he angrily . darwin what ? I be forestalled by Mr wallace . that be the simple fact of it . what reason do you have to be angry ?! she shoot he a look of hatred then turn away from he and run off towards the meadow . darwin , instantly remorseful , get to he foot and hurry after she . darwin Annie ! he reach the centre of the lawn and stop by a sudden intense pain in the gut which strike he like a blow and fell he to he knee . he lie they gasp , he vision clouding as the page of the wallace letter slip from he grasp and be scattered to the wind . a view from high above : spiralling downward on the darwin garden , as household servant emerge from various quarter and hurry to he assistance . 103 int . darwin' bedroom . the present . day . 103 there be some faint stain on the plasterwork of the bedroom ceiling . like lichen on a rock . like a archipelago of island . darwin lie , pale and weak , look upwards from a sea of white blanket . the door open and he turn he head . its Emma . emma you have a visitor . darwin no . no . I will not be ble or lecture to . she give he a pinch look , then hooker push in behind she . 63 hooker it be I . thank God you be still with we . Word come from London you have suffer a apoplectic stroke . darwin no. simply the great relief of liberation . do you read the wallace abstract . hooker bat the idea away hooker it be a letter . you have a book darwin ... barely half of it hooker you have a book . what be not already on the page be most certainly inside you head and I intend to extract it , if it kill we both . darwin you have be talk to huxley . hooker no. have I do so he would have hasten here himself armed with every instrument of torture know to she majesty 's navy . ( then ) Charles I have read the first chapter . it be brilliant . you must continue . darwin I cannot . seriously Joseph , I be completely block . all my old symptom have return with a vengeance . the sweat the shake the abdominal pain . the whole endeavour be curse from the outset . hooker take darwin hand , press it to stop it from tremble hooker Charles . it be you who open my eye to the wonder of science . so let I open yours . you have a illness . you have have it as long as I have know you . ( more ) 64 hooker ( cont would ) it be clearly make worse in time of overwork but the nature of the work be irrelevant . this be not visit on you by God or the devil . this be a set of physical symptom . go to malvern and get treat . darwin not malvern hooker why not . what be there to be scared of there . he have work for you in the past it will work again . then come back and finish the book . you enemy be already toast they good fortune but they shall not prevail . darwin what be you talk about . I have no enemy . hooker they be legion , believe I , and they be implacable . we be all of we fight a battle against fear and superstition but we can win this battle . we must win it . you can win it for all of we . go to malvern , then come back and finish it . 104 int . down house . the past . day . 104 upstair , servant be pack for a journey . the vigorous darwin of the past move swiftly from room to room , gather he thing . hat and glove , book , spectacle , papers . Emma , eight month pregnant , try to keep up with he emma Charles , please reconsider charle Emma it be week now , month . she be get worse , not better . emma then I be come with you . 65 darwin you can not come . how can you possibly come in you condition . emma it be not so far . darwin it be two day by coach and train . who will look after the other . emma I do not care for the other . I care for Annie ! etty , come apon then unexpectedly , hear this and be instantly heartbroken . emma be devastate by the slip but be presently too overwrought to retract it . darwin leave we please , etty . parslow have gather up Annie from she room and be carry she downstairs , pale and sickly - look , with brodie fussing behind . brodie make sure she be tuck in . watch she shawl annie I do not need to go . at the bottom of the stair , darwin take Annie from parslow 's arm darwin the coach be outside . I will carry she from here . emma Annie ... annie mama ... she clasp Emma 's hand . darwin keep head for the door . Emma hold fast to anny hand and follow behind darwin you will see mamma when you be better . say goodbye now . 66 parslow hold the door open . the coach be at the Gate . Emma stop on the threshold , unable to let go she daughter hand and suddenly deeply convinced that she be make a mistake here . emma wait . I be come with you darwin please , Emma emma wait there . she hurry back inside . darwin make a decision and head for the coach . 105 ext . down house . day 105 down the patch and through the open gate with the servant follow . darwin get aboard . brodie annie ( shout back ) mama ! the garden gate clang shut behind they . 106 int . down house stairwell / upper hallway . the past . day 106 Emma look out of the upstairs window , realize they plan to leave without she and hurry downstairs again . 107 int . coach . the past . day 107 Charles bundle Annie inside . darwin ( to the coachman ) go. go. emma ( call ) wait ! darwin go now ! annie mama !! 67 the coach set off . Emma run to the gate call desperately . emma Charles . please god. no. Annie ! 108 int . coach . the present 108 Charles , feeble and debilitate , lever himself into the coach with parslow assist and slump back in the leather upholstery . servant gather at the gate . some of they tearful , not expect he to return 109 ext . steam train . the present . day . 109 a steam train come charge past trail plume of black smoke , strike spark from the track with its wheel . 110 int . carriage . the present . day . 110 the sickly darwin of the present sit hunch and nauseous , with parslow sit beside he with he suitcase on he lap . every jolt of the train send a spasm of pain through darwin 's gut . the people sit opposite - a woman , a child , and a man - regard darwin in silence . whatever he suffer from its not good and they be worried about get infect with it they plunge into a tunnel . the carriage fill with smoke . parslow get up and try to close the window but it will not budge . a burn ember fly inside and land on darwin' leg . darwin be too weak to lift a finger . parslow slap the ember and extinguish it . 111 ext . station . malvern . 111 the train wheeze to a halt . the door open and the train disgorge its cargo of sick people , come to malvern for treatment - a cough child , a woman with one side of she face aflame with shingles - the halt the lame and the afflict . 68 112 ext . horse and cart . day 112 darwin sit in the back as the attendant drive they through malvern . darwin tell he not this way . parslow ( loudly ) hello there . stop . can we go by the other route attendant the worcester Road be short . darwin ...by the low road . parslow he wish to go by the other route . attendant ( with a sigh ) as you will sir . he back up the horse and turn the cart around 113 int . gully clinic . day 113 Dr gully be the chief physician at malvern spa . his marble - tile consulting room resound with the sound of rumbling pipe and drip water . darwin recline on a leather couch , watch the watery play of light on the ceiling . a door open and Dr gully come in , accompany by two assistant . gully be a small dapper man wear a apron over he shirt and tie . his trousers be tuck into calf - length Wellington boot . he greet darwin cheerfully , effusively . mr gully Mr darwin , old friend . Mr darwin . it have be too long I fear . tut tut tut tut tut . what have we now what have we now ? he clasp darwin 's hand , feel he pulse at the wrist , then command he to open he mouth 69 gully tongue ... darwin show he . mr gully ugh . shirt up . let I feel you liver . darwin untuck he shirt . gully prod at darwin 's belly . darwin wince . dr gully pulse hectic , togue furred , liver tender and enlarge . darwin 's ink stain finger speak volume . dr gully no doubt you have be exercise you brain every hour that God give you . darwin I be persuade to write book . dr gully madness there be far too many of that already . be you sleep ? darwin poorly . dr gully I suppose never take the 50c dilution of chelidonium . darwin ( shake he head ) I have the gardener build a water tower . it no longer have any effect . gully of course not . you gardener be not a hydrotherapist . what on earth possess you ? darwin I fear I be die . dr gully oh come come come . we shall not have that talk here . half turn to he assistant , who be stake note . 70 gully a smart spinal scrub . cold douche daily at 7.00 . wrapping in towel and sweat by the lamp . then , to darwin : dr gully no red meat , no read , no mental agitation of any kind . we shall soon have you right old friend , we shall have you right . 114 int . treatment room . day 114 Music over : darwin sit in a deep metal bath while one of gully 's assistant scrub he spine with a loofah . 115 int . douche . day 115 darwin stand in a shaft of light , grab onto the hand rail as the icy flood continue to crash down on he shoulder , splintering and fracture in the shaft of light . 116 int . treatment room . day 116 two assistant bind he tight in damp linen sheet , till he be immobilise like a cocoon , with he leg together and he hand by he side . they pick he up and lie he down , quite rigid beside another pod like creature , similarly swaddle , with a red face and a beard . beard stranger Mr darwin be it ? darwin nod , unable to turn he head , or make any gesture with he hand . the stranger continue to talk to he nonetheless . beard strange William Carter of southampton . I read you beagle account many year ago . former naval man myself . what bring you here ? myself , a bilious fever with blood per rectum , but I have every faith in gully . the man be a miracle worker . 71 117 int . treatment room . day 117 darwin sit with a blanket drape over he shoulder , under the merciless glare of a heat lamp . sweat pour off he and form puddle at he foot . 118 ext . terrace . day . 118 a bright sunny day . darwin , look weak but purge , sit on the terrace , sip a glass of foul - taste mineral water and look out over the stone house , field and valley of malvern . gully sit with he , interview he . gully what action do you most associate with the symptom . eat ? strong emotion ? strenuous excercise ? darwin do the exercise of memory count as a action . gully memory of what . darwin my eldest daughter . you remember she . gully of course . of course . you must accept there be nothing more we could do . darwin I know that . I know . a long , awkward silence , neither of they want to recapitulate the event of anny death . gully you say you be write about she . darwin no . it be a scientific text . but I have reach a point , beyond which it be impossible to progress . she have be my companion throughout . now it seem she be ahead of I in a place I could not follow . 72 gully of course . plainly she be in heaven . darwin that be what my wife believe . it be a great consolation to she gully but not to you . darwin Emma and I have become ... divide on it . gully do it affect you marital relation . darwin we have none ...to speak of . gully ( a beat ) be you familiar with the writings of dequincy . " there be no such thing know to the mind as forget . " darwin I do not know what it mean . gully he suggest we have thought which do not actually enter the realm of consciousness . nervous fibre exist after all throughout the whole body . be it not possible that certain primal feeling manifest in some physical way . eczema . boil . a fever . might some block passion imitate a gall -stone ? or even manufacture one . darwin well , until someone devise a machine to read nervous impulse , or a telescope to look inside the body I suppose we can only guess at it . gully we can Mr darwin . we can look inside you . if you find yourself open to it , there be a way of see . 73 119 ext . street of malvern . night 119 darwin wander the cobble street of malvern , pause occasionally to consult a hand - write address . it be start to rain as , finally , he arrive at the address he be look for . a substantial terrace house . darwin descend a stone staircase to the impose front door , and ring the bell . as he wait for a answer a woman appear , unseen in the rain streak window above , observe he . darwin ring again . a moment later the woman answer the door . darwin Mrs St John ? mrs ST JOHN Mr darwin . come in . 120 int . mrs ST JOHN house . night 120 the room be large and hot , crowded with pot plant , and bric - a-brac . various fringe lamp -shade , a dance shiva , a frame picture of lourd , and some illustration from the tarot . none of this inspire darwin with confidence . ST JOHN just leave you coat on the table . sit down here . show I you palm . the husky voice and the plunging decollete trouble darwin , who hesitates . darwin sorry . I be confuse . what be it you do exactly . mrs ST JOHN I envision what 's inside you belly , dear . that 's what you want , be not it . darwin envision how ? when gully describe you I fancie some scientific instrument .... mrs ST JOHN depend what you class a instrument . in more resistant case I might use a pendulum ... 74 he frown . she smile . mrs ST JOHN its ten shilling for a read by the way . in advance . darwin well . I have a ten shilling note here in my wallet . he do not take it out . darwin if you can tell I the number on it we can begin . Mr St John ' face harden . mrs ST JOHN ( coldly ) I be a professional lady Mr darwin . I do not do party trick . darwin I be a professional man . and I ask for no more than I ask of all my colleague - a demonstration of competence . mrs ST JOHN it be you who be here to be test , Sir , not I . darwin then I be sorry to have waste you time . he put he jacket back on and head for the door . 121 int . hallway . night . 121 Mrs St John follow he . as he reach for the doorhandle , and open it , she say : mrs ST JOHN she 's with you , you know that . darwin turn . mrs ST JOHN you little girl . I see she from the window stand at the top of the step . darwin how dare you . 75 mrs ST JOHN pardon ? darwin ... prey on people 's grief like this . mrs ST JOHN I have do no such thing . darwin ( furious ) do you take I for a idiot ? clearly gully have appraise you of my history . mrs ST JOHN I beg to inform you he do no such thing ! darwin it be chicanery of the very lowest order and I despise it utterly ! mrs ST JOHN get out . 122 ext . the house . day 122 darwin step outside and she slam the door on he . darwin continue to rant at the close door , stand in the pour rain without he umbrella . he get to the top of the step , and look around , try to get he bearing . in a pool of lamp - light at the far end of the street a figure stand watch he . darwin squint at she through the rain , which be fall harder now . the figure be Annie . she look at he crossly , then head off up a cobble side - street . darwin follow . 123 ext . malvern . side street . various . night 123 darwin pursue he daughter up narrow cobble lane . darwin Annie . Annie ! 76 the rain be get heavier , turn the gutter into river . Water overflow the drain and culvert and rush over the cobble , make they slick and treacherous . darwin hurry down darken lane and alley , the sound of rush water echoing all around , the little girl always ahead of he . a drunk man in oilskin come barrel past he , head down , cursing the weather . a child 's ball go float downhill in the current . darwin lose Annie , then he see she again , at the top of a steep flight of stone step . darwin , drench chase after she . 124 ext . worcester road . night . 124 at the top of the step he stop for breath and he look around . there be no sign of Annie but he know this street - the worcester Road - a row of grey georgian house , they back against the hill , they sloping front garden look out over the rooftop of malvern . most of the street be in darkness but the house directly opposite have light in the window . he know this house also . he hesitates , then cross the street towards it . 125 ext . guest house . night 125 soak to the skin , he rap with the brass door - knocker , then wait for someone to answer . muffled voice . then a man answer from within . landlord ( o.s. ) hello ? darwin be Mrs carey still the landlady here . landlord no . the door open on a chain . 77 darwin my daughter Annie ... lodge here some year ago . can I come in ? the man close the door to release the chain , then open it again to admit darwin . darwin I know this be a intrusion . I wonder - could I visit the room she stay in ? the landlord do not know what to make of this landlord wait here . I will get the missus . he leave darwin drip in the hallway which he go and consult with he wife in the light parlour . darwin look around . this place be all too familiar to he - the bevell gold - rimmed mirror , the carve mock - tudor coat - stand . muffled conversation off . there be crutch and walk stick among the umbrella . lavender potpourri in a brass dish . a wheel - chair in one corner , a picture of the pieta above the door . finally , the land - lady emerge from she parlour . landlady which room ? darwin fourteen . I would only be there ten minute . I be happy to pay . she go into a alcove and emerge with a key . landlady up one flight and along the corridor to the right . darwin I remember . landlady try not to touch anything . 126 int . guesthouse . the present . night . 126 darwin , climb the stair to the landing . 78 127 int . guesthouse . the past day 127 the young darwin flee up the stair . 128 int . guesthouse . the present . night . 128 the older darwin , reach the top of the stair and walk along the corridor to the right . 129 int . guesthouse . the past day 129 the young darwin , race along the corridor . 130 int . guesthouse . the present night . 130 the older darwin , hesitates , chest pound , outside the door of number 14 , then unlock it as ... 131 int . guesthouse . the past . day 131 the young darwin burst into room 14 and take in the scene . the room be full if light . a may be bundle soile sheet . brodie be there with a harrass - look Dr gully . they turn as he enter . Annie lie on the bed between they , she breathe fast and shallow . she manage a weak smile . darwin be she any better ? do she want for anything ? gully stand up from the bed . his expression tell we hope be fade . Annie 's pale sink cheek and cake lip confirm it . darwin kneel by she bedside , clasp she little hand be he own . darwin darling Annie . I be here now . Annie let out a reedy whine of appreciation and stroke he lapel " make he beautiful " brodie can not bear it and burst into tear . 132 int . room 14 . the past night . 132 Annie sleep . 79 darwin sit up , write to Emma , cry as he write . darwin ( v.o. ) dearest Emma . I think it best for you to know how every hour pass . it 's a relief for I to tell you . whilst write to you I can cry tranquilly . 133 int . room 14 . the past day . 133 a local surgeon lay out various instrument , include a glass syringe with a long needle . Annie struggle and whimper . brodie comfort she darwin ( v.o. ) Mr coate the surgeon come today to draw off Annie 's water . this do not hurt she , but she struggle with surprising strength against be uncover . brodie there there . it will all soon be over . 134 ext . church at malvern . entrance . day 134 darwin enter through the heavy stone entrance . 135 int . the church at malvern . day 135 the relative of the sick , stand or sit among the pews , arrive , praying , depart darwin kneel awkwardly in front of the altar , clasp he hand together and pray : darwin save she . I will believe whatever . forever . please save she he look up at the image of Christ on the cross , hope against all reason , for some sense of epiphany . it 's not work . he feel nothing embarrassment at the cheapness of the gesture . 136 int guest house . room 14 . the past . night 136 darwin sit alone with Annie who be babbling incoherently . he can not make out anything she say 80 darwin ( v.o. ) we dear child have take a turn for the worse . she talk a great deal but we could seldom make out anything . much of what she say we can not make out from the roughness of she poor mouth . 137 int . guest house . room 14 night 137 Dr gully leave , the surgeon arrive . the maid squeeze between the two medical man , bundle sheet darwin ( v.o. ) today she vomit rather much again . Dr coate have be to draw off more water . brodie and the may roll Annie on she side and cut off the tail of she shirt , then roll she on she back again , with a pillow between she two bony knee . darwin be that good , my lovely annie ( suddenly lucid ) beautifully good . I be make custard . darwin ( v.o. ) gully think she in imminent danger . 138 int . down house . day . 138 heavily pregnant Emma sit in the draw room , cry and read darwin 's latest letter . darwin ( v.o. ) we sponge she with water and vinegar , make she sweet with chloride of lime .... I fear we must prepare ourselves for the worst 139 int . anniee room . guest house . day . 139 it be midnight darwin , exhaust , keep a lonely vigil by Annie 's bedside . each breath seem like it will be she last . suddenly she speak : faintly but audibly : 81 annie the rabbit . darwin what ? annie the rabbit teach he the polka . darwin I do not understand my love . annie tell I about Jenny . darwin bend low to hear she more clearly . darwin what about she . annie when she die darwin I do not want to talk about death my love . annie but tell I . I like it . darwin well . what the keeper tell I be . when she be very sick with pneumonia , lie very still , he try to feed she but she shook she head , look at he as though to say : " its nice of you but really you should not bother " . and as he bent down to take the spoon away she bring she arm around he neck and kiss he . and then she be dead . Annie smile , put she hand around she father neck and die . 140 int . train the past day 140 darwin sit , he face wet with tear , read , through blurred vision , a letter from Emma . emma ( v.o. ) I be in the garden look at we poor darling 's little flower bed when John griffith drive up with you letter . 82 141 int . darwin' bedroom . night 141 Emma go to bed , utterly drain . emma ( v.o. ) when I go to bed I feel as if it have all happen long ago . when the blow come it wipe out all that precede it . 142 int . darwin' bedroom . day . 142 she open the curtain on a bright day . the other child be play in the garden emma ( v.o. ) my feel of long for we lose treasure make I feel painfully indifferent to the other child , but I shall get right before long . 143 int . train carriage . the present . day 143 darwin sit in the train , head home from malvern . he be look across the carriage at he young self , be - read the letter and weep uncontrollably . 144 ext down house . lounge . the present . night 144 torrential rain crash down on the house , the garden , the ancient tree and the outbuilding , flooding the path and the lane beyond the gate . darwin pay the coachman and hurry inside 145 int . down house . lounge room . 145 Emma be play a beautiful slow nocturne . the rain outside drow out all other side . she do not notice the figure of darwin until he appear , like a ghost , reflect in the polished wood of the piano . she turn with a start and see he , still in he drip coat , hair plaster over he brow darwin sorry . I startle you . 83 emma take you coat off by the fire there . what time be it ? darwin stay where he be , drip on the carpet darwin we need to talk . I need to talk to you . emma of course , but dry you hair . I shall call for a towel . as she move to the bell - pull he grab she wrist darwin I go back to worcester Road . I see Annie . emma Charles . no. darwin let I tell you . emma I do not want to hear it . this must stop . darwin you do not understand . emma I do ! do you think I deaf and blind . you have live with she and speak with she every day since she die . parslow come in with firewood then see Emma yell at darwin and hurriedly retreat , spilling log in the hallway . emma she be more real to you than I be . she 's dead Charles . darwin I know that . emma then what be wrong with you that even we poor daughter cannot be leave in she grave but you would .... 84 darwin I know she be dead . I know it . it be you who will not accept the fact , prefer to think of she in heaven . this again ! the unspoken argument which have be brewing for a decade , never before express so bluntly . Emma head for the door emma get away from I ! she head into the hallway , he follow she ranting darwin snowy white wing and dance with the angel . be that you idea of honesty . servant scramble out of sight and out of earshot emma why do you come back . I will not hear this ! Emma pick up she skirt and hurry up the stair . darwin pursue she . on the landing , Betty and Horace , wide eye and terrify be bundle into the nursery by brodie as Charles thunder up the stair . darwin you have to Emma , everything this be between we be go . the boat be wreck and sink now . we have to hold to something else . emma to what . you ghost ? you theory ? what Charles . charle to the truth of what we know it . she slam the bedroom door on he and bolt it . darwin open this door Emma . the truth , how wonderful and extraordinary we daughter be .... emma ( through the door ) I know that . I do not need you to say it . of course I know . 85 Charles throw he shoulder to the door and burst through it . Emma scream charle but free of the fantasy , free of the rest , the silly vain hope that we will be reunite in heaven and the nag unspoken belief that I kill she ! in the lower hallway all the servant hear this in the nursery , brodie , aghast , cover the child ear in the bedroom , Emma have nowhere leave to run emma I have never say that charle say it now . say it . and all the rest that follow . that I should have keep Annie warm that day on the beach . I should not have take she to malvern . I should have let you come . tear spring to she eye and to he . the fury have go from both of they , leave sadness and pity emma I should have insisted . charle no . it be I . I take she from you it be my fault . emma I could have follow . I be she mother what be I think of . charle we think she would live . you be not to know . he move to she , she startles , then let he enfold she in he damp coat emma I do . I do know . I know when you leave that I would never see she again . I hate you for take she . charle I hate myself . I know that none of they could save she . ( more ) 86 charle ( cont would ) all I could do be watch hopelessly and weep for she - then flee the place in terror , not even wait to see we poor dear daughter bury . she be we treasure and I fail she . we both do . we should never have marry each other . emma what be you say ? charle the unspeakable . I be say that you and I , in make we perfect child , endow she with the very weakness which kill she . Emma . that be what I could not write . that be what forestalled I all this year . it be not you I be angry with , it be not inne and it be not God . I be angry with my theory . it be the truth I be angry with . it be the truth . weeping , she shake she head in furious denial . he kiss she hair , she eye , she tear - streak cheek ... 146 int / ext bedroom , the present . night 146 rain continue to batter the house outside Inside darwin and Emma make love , with a kind of wild desperation , they clothes strewn all over the floor , cling to each other like castaway in a storm . 147 int office . the present . day 147 darwin enter he office . the chaos that exist here previously have be tidy away into file and box . darwin open the black box , take out the file , place they on he desk , then sit down and begin to write 148 int . study . night . 148 darwin sit at he desk . write . he be possess of a new sense of calm and purpose , the pen glide fluently across the page . 87 night turn to day and then to night again . darwin complete the chapter head " variation under domestication " and begin on a fresh sheet of paper . 149 ext . the garden . down house . the present . day 149 crocus be push up through the flower bed . tiny green bud have start to emerge from the dead black branch 150 int . darwin' study . down house . the present . day 150 still darwin write annie tell I a story . darwin I be busy Annie . annie ( petulantly ) I will go away again , then you ' will be sorry . darwin all right , come here , come here . she come and sit on he lap . darwin once there be a man who , while travel in South America , come apon a beautiful and dangerous idea . 151 int . south american jungle . day 151 darwin be in the south american jungle , try to coax down from the tree , some small squeaking creature - a tousle look abandon chick . darwin here , here . come on , come on then the creature draw closer , eye like gimlet in the dark foliage . darwin ... I wont hurt you . he reach into the dark recess of the forest . darwin grab it and stuff it , squawk into he collect bag . 88 152 int . darwin' study night 152 darwin come in , empty the bag into a black box with perforation and close the lid darwin he know he wife would not care for this creature so when he come home he lock it in a box , where it could not run around and do any damage . 153 int . darwin' study . day 153 darwin work at he desk . there 's a plaintive coo sound come from the box next to he foot . darwin but every so often he would open the lid and feed it , just because he could not bear to let it die . finally he open the lid and offer the creature a biscuit . it have grow a bit larger and make itself a nest . it take the biscuit and peep gratefully . 154 int . down house . day 154 darwin go to the box and open it . there 's nothing there but a empty nest and some break eggshell . darwin one day he open the box and discover it be not in there at all . it have escape with all its baby , who be nest all over the house make a terrible mess . 155 int . down house . day . various 155 the darwin 's , they child and they servant run around the house find bird everywhere . there be bird - shit on the curtain and the antimacassar , bird nest in the sewing basket , the bread bin and the dress - up box . every time you open a cupboard , angry bird fly out and flap angrily around the room . mayhem . the house be in uproar . 89 darwin but finally they catch they all , and bundle they in a blanket and he ask he wife to dispose of they as she see fit . 156 int . study . contunuous 156 Annie listen entrance . darwin pause annie and what do she do ? darwin I do not know but I fancy she take they out in the garden and set they free . 157 ext . down house . garden day . 157 Emma and brodie come out carry a huge white linen bag between they . they shake it out in the garden and bird come pour out of it . High shot , look down on emma as she watch the bird wheeling round and round in the sky above . 158 int . darwin' study . day 158 darwin sit in he study window , watch a great flock of bird wheeling in the sky outside , the whole flock form a ever-chang shape from the movement of its tiny component part . 159 int darwin' study . night 159 darwin put down he pen , waking , as if from a dream . the manuscript be finish . the music of chopin filter up from downstairs . 160 int . drawing room . day 160 Emma be play by candle - light . darwin place the manuscript on top of the piano . she stop abruptly . the last chord resonate in the musky air . 90 darwin done . I have finally get it out of the air and into this page . will you read it and decide what must be do with it . I confess I no longer know and I be very tired . she take he hand and squeeze it . 161 int . down house . bedroom . 161 darwin undress . 162 int . down house dine room 162 Emma sit at the table and begin to read . 163 int . down house . bathroom 163 darwin get out of the bath and towel himself dry . 164 int . down house . dine room 164 Emma light a candle from the one before and continue to read . 165 int . down house . bedroom . night . 165 Charles lower himself into the bed , sleep wash over he like a wave . 166 int . down house . dine room . night . 166 still Emma read . darwin ( v.o. ) thus , from the war of nature , from famine and death , the most exalt object we can conceive directly follow . there be a grandeur in this view of life ... in which endless form most beautiful and wonderful have be and be be evolve . outside the sky be grow lighter . 167 int . down house . bedroom . day . 167 Charles wake . 91 he open the curtain on a clear autumn day . the house be unusually quiet . 168 int . down house . top of the stair . day . 168 the grandfather clock on the landing strike mid-day . darwin go downstairs . 169 int . drawing room . day . 169 he enter the draw room . there be no sign of Emma nor of he manuscript . he go to the window and see she at the bottom of the garden stand over a bonfire , burn something . 170 ext . garden . down house . day . 170 darwin go outside . darwin Emma ? she look up from the fire . darwin cross the lawn to she . she 's burn leave and dead-head from the flower garden . darwin do you read it ? emma yes . darwin and .... emma I wrap it and put it on the table there . there 's a brown paper parcel on the garden table where they like to sit under the big cyprus tree . darwin pick it up , it be address to John Murray , publisher , stamp and seal with sealing wax . emma you be right . true or not it must all be say . probably most of it be true . God help we . darwin kiss she . 92 emma careful . I have soot all over my hand . 171 ext . bottom of the drive . 171 darwin stand with the brown paper package , turn it over in he hand . darwin ( v.o. ) dear hooker , I have today despatch to John Murray the complete manuscript . who know if anyone will buy it and how they will respond . no doubt many will wish al diabolo altogether . but least it be out in the world now and no longer torture I . John griffith , the postman , come up the hill from the village . darwin give he the manuscript . the postman put it in he satchel and head on up the lane . darwin turn back and walk up towards the house . as he do so a little figure , Annie take he hand , and together they continue on home , Annie skip happily by she father 's side . 172 post-script . 172 darwin 's " Origin of species " be sell out on its day of publication . a classic to this day , it be reprint six time before he death ; and he burial , with full Christian honour , in westminster Abbey . the end