passengers written by jon spaiht fade in : ext . interstellar space a million sun shine in the dark . a starship cut through the night : a gleam white cruiser . Galleries of window . Flying deck and observation dome . on the hull : excelsior - a homestead company starship . the ship flash through a nebula . Space - dust sparkles as it whip over the hull , betray the ship 's dizzying speed . the nebula boil in the ship 's wake . the excelsior rocket on , spotless and beautiful as a daydream . int . starship excelsior - grand concourse a wide plaza . its lofty atrium cut through seven deck , create tier of promenade frame a vast skylight . the promenade be empty . chair unoccupy . beetle-like robot vacuum the carpet and wax the floor . cafeteria super-modern and gleam . hundred of table , all empty . forward observation deck Lounge furniture and star-filled window . completely desert . a robot on spindly leg wash the glass . hibernation BAY Endless corridor line with vertical glass tube . Inside each tube stand a passenger . eye close in sleep . if they be breathe you can not tell by look . they sleep on they foot , lean against padded support . strap secure they in place ; sensor adhere to they skin . they wear short and tank top with homestead company logo . we survey they face . no child , no senior citizen . Men and woman of every ethnicity in the prime of they life . we settle on one man . jim preston , 38 . sound asleep . a small display on he pod read : jame preston rate 2 mechanical engineer Denver , Colorado 2 . age : 38 blood type : a + passenger class : silver fare : one - way a deep boom . echoes roll down the corridor . light wink on in Jim 's hibernation pod . machinery hum to life . Instruments beep and chitter . Medical data fill the pod 's screen . Jim 's temperature rise . his heart begin to beat . he take a breath . Jim open he eye . groggy , blink , see nothing . the backrest behind he convert into a recliner , lowering he into a seat position . the sensor on he skin drop off and snake back into the pod 's machinery . a video screen descend before Jim 's eye . onscreen - a beautiful stewardess appear , beam at the camera . she be inhumanly perfect , a computer - generate image . video stewardess good Morning , James ! jim ( disoriented ) Jim . what the ... video stewardess do not worry , Jim . it 's normal to feel confuse . you have just spend a hundred and twenty year in suspend animation . she make it sound sexy . Jim scowl and rub he eye . onscreen - a animation . happy people go to sleep in glass tube in a hospital . the tube be load onto a spaceship . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) you be a passenger on the starship excelsior - a homestead company starship . we have nearly complete the 120 - year flight from Earth to you new home - the colony world of homestead ii . congratulation ! onscreen - the excelsior leave a skyscraper - cover Earth and soar through space to a lush green homestead ii . 3. jim ( remembering ) oh , yeah . video stewardess the excelsior be on final approach . ( sensually ) for the next two month , you will enjoy luxury space travel . food. fun. New friend . onscreen - the ship 's lavish amenity : fine dining , sport facility , shop , all swarm with happy passenger . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) then you will start you new life on homestead ii . back to basic . a fresh start . room to grow . onscreen - publicity shot of homestead ii . Mountains , forest , beach . settlement ringed by farmland . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) you wake - up capsule and nutrient juice will help you recover from hibernation ! pill rattle into a dish ; a glass of pink juice appear . he take he pill and gulp he juice with a grimace . Jim 's backrest ease he onto he foot . a drawer pop open , revealing a homestead company bathrobe and slipper . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) make yourself comfortable in you complimentary robe and slipper . he put they on . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) you shipcard be you key to the starship . ( flirtatiously ) do not lose it ! the pod produce Jim 's shipcard : a plastic id card on a lanyard . he hang it around he neck . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) now you be ready to go to you cabin . make yourself at home ! enjoy the rest of you voyage , Jim ! jim right . 4. Jim step out of he pod into the corridor . all the other pod be close , the people inside asleep . a look of concern cross Jim 's face . video stewardess Jim , you cabin be this way . the screen flip around to face he . the video stewardess point down the corridor . video stewardess ( cont 'd ) take Elevator D to deck seven . you cabin number be on you shipcard . jim thanks . he shuffles down the corridor in he slipper , rub he face . have trouble keep he eye open . behind he , he pod close up . its screen read passenger discharged . elevator foyer Jim find a bank of elevator . as he approach , the indicator blink on . a elevator open , spilling light . he step inside , and muzak begin to play . deck seven a corridor line with door . a cleaning robot vacuum . Jim appear . instantly the corridor light brighten . the clean robot roll past Jim . cleaning robot hello , passenger . jim ( startled ) hello , robot . Jim follow wall marking to he cabin . let himself in . jim' cabin cozy but small . a bed , a desk , a armchair . no window . a screen light up . the homestead company theme music play . a announcer speak . 5 . announcer ( v.o . ) welcome to you cabin , Jim ! you home until we make landfall . Jim do not pay attention . poke around , open drawer . announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) over the next two month , you will prepare for you new life on homestead ii . Jim peer into the tiny bathroom . there 's a little video screen , and the presentation 's run there too . announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) passenger be organize into learn group for orientation . you have be assign to learn group ... thirty -eight ! do not forget ! onscreen : " learn Group 38 . " the doorbell ring . Jim open the door eagerly - and deflate . no one there . he look down . a waist-high cargo robot peer up at he with goggle eye . it carry two suitcase and a duffel bag . cargo robot passenger James Preston ? jim jim. yeah . cargo robot you luggage , passenger Jim . swipe you shipcard to confirm . Jim swipe he shipcard through a slot on top of the robot . the robot scoot inside and deposit Jim 's bag on the floor . cargo robot ( cont 'd ) enjoy you luggage ! jim thanks . cargo robot thank you , passenger Jim ! the robot zip out the door . Jim look up and down the corridor . the recede robot be the only sign of life . he step back inside . 6. announcer you group 's orientation start in forty - five minute . join they in Conference room twenty on deck one . do not forget ! deck four - shopping district a mall with tile floor and ornate storefront . Jim walk along in he robe and slipper . storefront sign flicker to life as he pass . a dry fountain gush water at he approach . deck one - conference room twenty forty chair around a big table . a large screen on the wall . onscreen : a digital instructor , a handsome woman of middle age , wait with a computer 's infinite patience . Jim walk in . the door slide close behind he . video instructor hello , passenger . will you all please take a seat . Jim look around . he 's the only one there . he sit . video instructor ( cont 'd ) Earth be a prosperous planet . the cradle of civilization . a world with a long , proud history . but for many , it 's also overpopulate . over -price . overrate . overrun . behind the instructor , video clip of Earth 's urban sprawl : a endless gleam metropolis glitter with traffic . jim ( raise he hand ) can I just ... video instructor no question until the end , please . jim wait . where be all the other ... video instructor the colony offer a alternative . a better way of life . 7. the screen fill with shot of homestead ii : aerial footage of mountain , beach , beautiful garden city . video instructor ( cont 'd ) and none be more beautiful than homestead ii , the jewel of the occupy world . one hour later Jim sit wearily , chin propped on he hand . the video instructor chatter on . inspiring footage of homestead ii . video instructor ... thriving job market in mining , farming and manufacturing . a explosion in the cultural art . and if you long for the life less civilized , you can apply for a pioneer permit and seek you fortune in the wild . ( a pregnant pause ) any question ? jim ( exploding ) where be everybody ?! the instructor pause . the question seem to confuse she . video instructor we be all on the starship excelsior . five thousand passenger and fifty - eight crew member . jim but I be the only one awake . video instructor no , all the passenger wake up at the same time . jim then something 's wrong with the other hibernation pod . video instructor hibernation pod be fail - safe . jim so why be I the only one here ? video instructor I be sorry . I do not understand you question . 8. grand concourse Jim find a infomat - a information kiosk . a banner scroll across the screen : ask I a question ! Jim tap the screen . infomat ( insanely cheerful ) hello ! what 's you question ? jim I need to talk to a person . a real live person . infomat what sort of person ? personal trainer ? Travel planner ? therapist ? jim someone in charge . infomat the ship steward handle passenger affair . you can find he in he office on the service deck . onscreen : a dot line on the map show how to get there . jim thank you . infomat happy to help ! service deck - corridor Jim appear around the corner . the light brighten , the ventilation kick up a notch . he find a door mark ship steward . ship steward office the light flash on as Jim enter , revealing ... a office in mothball . empty chair , barren desk . jim not good . elevator lobby another infomat . Jim arrive at a jog . 9. infomat hello ! what 's you quest ... jim who 's fly the ship ? infomat the bridge crew include the Captain , the Pilot , the Chief Navigator ... jim the Captain . I want to talk to the Captain . infomat the Captain rarely handle passenger query directly . jim emergency , okay ? where be he ? infomat the Captain be usually find on the Bridge , on the Command deck . onscreen : a helpful map show the way . Jim march off . command deck Jim find the door to the Bridge . he open it eagerly - only to find a second door behind it - a armored hatch label firewall and secure access area . a porthole of thick glass give a narrow view of the Bridge . it 's desert . instrument light gleam in the dark . jim ( pound on the hatch ) come on ! what the hell be happen ? deck three - cafe courtyard Jim run past restaurant , lounge , shop . all desert . jim ( panic in he voice ) hello ? hello ! service deck - celestial promenade the high promenade on the ship : window on all side . the huge skylight just overhead . it 's almost like be outside . the atrium plunge seven storey to the concourse below . 10 . jim ( a echoing shout ) hello ! a SOUND behind he make he spin . but it 's just a window - washer : a robot with long spindly limb . it move past Jim , polish window . oblivious . a sign catch Jim 's attention : " observatory - you place in the Universe . " observatory Jim enter the planetarium of the future : theater seat face a holographic " stage . " in hologram : a image of the starship hang in space . glow text read " look through the eye of the starship excelsior ! " Jim go to the control podium . touches the screen . observatory ( a voice as deep as God 's ) what can I show you ? jim we be suppose to land pretty soon , but it look like I be the only one awake . be that normal ? observatory I do not understand . what can I show you ? jim ( impatiently ) show I homestead ii . in hologram : the planet homestead ii , Earth 's twin sister . observatory homestead ii be the fourth planet in the bhakti system . jim right . and how soon be we landing ? observatory approximately ninety year . jim what ? 11 . observatory we land on homestead ii in ninety year , three week , and one day . jim no . how long ago do we leave Earth ? observatory approximately thirty year ago . Jim stare at the hologram in horrify realization . jim I wake up too soon . observatory I do not understand . jim neither do i. hibernation BAY Jim sprint down a row of hibernation pod . heart pound . slide to a stop in front of he empty pod . Jim fuss with the control , press button . but the screen just read " passenger discharged . " crouch , he pull at the pod 's canopy , try to open it with he hand . it do not budge . jim I be suppose to be in there ! hibernation BAY - corridor Jim trudge between row of sleep passenger to the aft end of the huge hibernation Bay . there he find a hatch label crew hibernation facility . Jim open it eagerly - and find another armored hatch with a small porthole . label read firewall and secure access area . Jim press the switch . no result . he peer through the porthole . Inside , the entire crew of the starship stand sleep . grand concourse - infomat Jim stand at another infomat . 12. jim how do I make a phone call ? infomat you cabin telephone ... jim no. Long distance . how do I send a message to Earth ? infomat interstellar message be send by laser array . speak to the duty Officer in the comm Center . onscreen : the infomat display a helpful map . infomat ( cont 'd ) please note that interstellar message be a expensive service . jim ( walking away ) bite I . infomat happy to help ! command deck - communications CENTER two communication booth for passenger use . Jim sit at one of this . swipe he shipcard . communications booth Planet and connection ? jim Earth . the homestead company . communications booth there be thirty thousand phone number list under " homestead company . " what number ? jim I do not know . I be emigrate to homestead ii . I have a emergency . communications booth division of Colonial affair , homestead ii Program . I have a customer help line . jim sound about right . 13. the booth 's camera zoom in on Jim 's face . a microphone extend toward he mouth . the red recording light come on . communications booth begin message . Jim 's a deer in the headlight . he collect himself . jim hi. I be Jim Preston . I be a passenger on the excelsior . something go wrong with my hibernation pod and I wake up too soon . ninety year too soon . I can not get back to sleep . nobody else be awake . ( with grow panic ) if I do not figure something out , I be go to die of old age before we get to homestead ii . so help I out here . ( take a deep breath ) I will keep try to fix this . maybe I miss something simple . but I could use a hand . thanks . Jim push the " send " button . sit back in he chair . communications booth message send . jim outstanding . communications booth message will arrive in nineteen year . jim say what ? communications booth earliest possible reply in fifty - five year . jim no . communications booth we be nineteen light year from Earth . by the time you message arrive , we will be thirty - six light - year from Earth . we apologize for the delay . jim ( devastate ) fifty - five year . 14 . communications booth that will be six thousand dollar . grand concourse Jim cross the concourse like a sleepwalker in he robe and slipper . he look shell - shocked . he come to the concourse bar : the fanciest water hole on the ship . Black leather stool along a marble bartop . Jim touch the bartop ... and a man swing up behind the bar - as if mount on a hinge . a handsome fellow in a bartender 's uniform - he hair and skin eerily perfect . this be arthur . Jim jump out of he skin . arthur what can I get you ? jim I think I be the only one awake ! arthur I doubt it . it 's the middle of the afternoon . be you drink or not ? he produce a cloth and polish the bartop . in a startling movement , he glide the length of the bar , polish all the way , and glide back as if on roller skate . Jim step up on the footrail and peer behind the bar . Arthur 's body stop at the waist . he 's mount on rail , build into the bar . jim ( deflate ) you be a robot . arthur android , technically . Arthur 's the name . jim ( take a seat ) I be Jim . Arthur shake he hand . arthur please to meet you . what will it be ? jim whiskey , neat . 15 . Arthur pour . Jim knock the drink back . point into the empty glass while he eye water . Arthur pour another . Jim take a big swallow and set the glass down half - full . jim ( cont 'd ) Arthur , how much do you know about the ship ? arthur I do not know . I know some thing . jim what do I do if my hibernation pod malfunction ? arthur impossible . hibernation pod be fail - safe . jim yeah , well , I wake up early . arthur can not happen . jim ( a challenge ) how long until we get to homestead ii ? arthur ninety year or so . jim and when be all of we passenger suppose to wake up ? arthur not until the last two month . jim so how can I be sit here with ninety year to go ? Arthur 's eye take on a faraway look . his head twitches . arthur it 's not possible for you to be here . he smile as if he 's solve the problem . jim but I be . 16 . arthur sorry , Jim . my specialty be cocktail and conversation . take you fancy trick question to one of that infomat . they think they know everything . jim Arthur , I be in trouble . I be screw . I be completely , ridiculously screw . arthur lot of self - pity . jim self pity ? I be go to die of old age on this ship ! arthur Jim , we all die . even android end up on the scrap heap . it 's not die that matter , it 's live . this be you life . be you go to live it or lie down and die ? Jim shake he head in surrender . jim what do I owe you ? arthur Jim , the booze be on the house . deck nine - aft observation deck - night a moody lounge with panoramic window . Jim walk in . stroll up to the glass . stare out at the red star behind the ship , the cold white star all around . int . jim' cabin - morning Jim wake up and roll out of bed . shuffle into the shower . cafeteria machine offer food and drink in dizzying variety . each machine have a card slot and a screen display its menu . Jim enter , dress in he own clothes - jeans , a T-shirt . 17 . he swipe he shipcard at a coffee machine . it offer sixteen kind of coffee , from a simple cup of joe to the " mocha cappuccino extreme . " Jim pick the best of the lot . coffee machine sorry . the mocha cappuccino extreme be reserve for gold - class passenger . please select another item . Jim press one button after another , deny each time . coffee machine ( cont 'd ) sorry ...sorry ... sorry ... large coffee . jim be you serious ? coffee machine please enjoy . elevator Jim ascend , sip coffee and eat a egg sandwich . the door open at the Command deck . a sign read " Crew Area - no passenger beyond this point . " Jim breeze past the sign . command deck Jim prowl the floor , open door . he find a room mark emergency gear and open it eagerly . it 's full of space suit and oxygen tank . he peer into a red hazard cabinet : fire extinguishers , a axe , a epoxy foamer for atmosphere leak - all behind glass . he open another door mark emergency manual - and smile : shelf after shelf of waterproof , fireproof technical manual . Jim pull a manual label hibernation system . int . subdeck B - passenger cargo stowage - day a cavernous cargo hold . Jim drive a forklift down the aisle , scan container number . he find a container label " passenger # 1498 , jame preston . " the forklift pull it from the rack . 18. the cargo container open to reveal Jim 's belonging . carton mark " sport " or " clothes " or " kitchen stuff . " amidst the carton , a heavy - duty toolbox . Jim haul it out . hibernation BAY Jim sit in front of he empty hibernation pod . his toolbox beside he . the hibernation system manual lie open . Jim tinker with the electronics inside he pod . the pod hum to life . its data screen flicker with information . mysterious whirs and thunks . the canopy open . elate , Jim bounce to he foot . strip off he shirt and scramble in . the canopy close over he . he assume the position , he back against the backrest , wait for the pod to put he to sleep . nothing happen . he poke at the port where the sensor and intravenous line use to protrude . shake the machine . he give up . it 's not work . but now he 's trap inside the pod . he push at the canopy , but it 's lock shut . he pound on the glass with no effect . finally he lose it , shouting and stamp , hammer and raging - all muffle behind glass . exhausted , he sink to the floor of the pod , stare out at he tool and he manual , he discard shirt . then he notice the emergency release handle down by the floor . he pull it , and the canopy pop open . outside the pod the pod 's display screen blink back to its original message . passenger discharged . crew hibernation facility door Jim look through the porthole at the sleep crew . Jim swipe he shipcard through the door switch . access denied . he poke at the keypad . access denied . 19 . Jim open he toolbox , select a tool and start to remove the keypad 's cover plate . fade to black . super : three week later int . crew hibernation facility door - morning Jim work on the door with a industrial laser cutter . spark fly . he 's drench in sweat . mussed and unshaven . he lift the goggle and inspect the door . the laser cutter have barely mark the surface . the door 's a mess . its switch hang on wire . there be pry mark around the latch . gouge around the window . fail drill hole . dent leave by a axe . but the door stand firm . Jim let the laser cutter fall . it join a scrapyard of tool on the floor : sledgehammer , jackhammer , drill , crowbar , axe . hibernation BAY - jim' pod another debris field surround Jim 's hibernation pod . tool and cable , electronic instrument , a diagnostic laptop . Jim stalk by without so much as a sideways glance . concourse bar - day Arthur stand behind the bar polish glass . Jim sit , sweaty and grimy , a whiskey in front of he . his speech be soft around the edge . he 's have a few . jim I think I would figure something out . I think it would just come to I . arthur stands to reason . jim but I have try everything . arthur sometimes you can not catch a break . Jim give Arthur a thoughtful look . 20 . jim I be you only customer , but you be always polish a glass . arthur trick of the trade . make people nervous when a bartender just stand there . jim okay . Lay some bartender wisdom on I . I be lose in space here . Arthur polish the bar while he think that one over . arthur you be not where you want to be . you feel like you be suppose to be somewhere else . right ? jim you say it . arthur well , here 's the thing . say you could snap you finger and be wherever you want to be . back on Earth , or on homestead ii . jim okay . arthur I will bet even if you get you wish , you would still feel this way . not in the right place . suppose to be somewhere else . that 's not a crisis , it 's the human condition . Jim take a moment to consider that . jim that 's not I . arthur well , maybe not . the point be , you can not get so wrap up in where you would rather be that you forget to make the most of where you be . jim what be you tell I ? 21 . arthur it 's a big ship . you be always run around bang on thing and yell at the computer . take a break . live a little . Jim spin on he barstool , surveying the Grand concourse . jim live a little . when he come back around he give a shove . he spin faster . arthur that 's the spirit . Jim go for one more shove . miss . Falls off he stool . grand concourse - information kiosk Jim scan a map of the ship . second-class cabin . first-class cabin . and the good stuff : palatial suite name for european city . his finger stop on one of the biggest . the Berlin suite . berlin suite High ceiling , posh furniture , panoramic window . the door jump in its frame with a thunk . slide open . Jim enter , a crowbar in hand . a cargo robot follow he in , carry he toolbox and suitcase . it deposit they on the floor . cargo robot the Berlin suite ! enjoy you luggage ! berlin suite - bath Jim clean up in the opulent bathtub . a robot arm with a water jet wash he back . berlin suite - bedroom Jim unpack . stow clothes in closet , lay out memento . he pull a pair of sneaker out of he luggage . 22. deck two - gymnasium - basketball court Jim shoot basket in sneaker and gym clothes . he 's not bad . he shoot , rebound , shoot . spa Jim lie on a massage table wear a towel . a pair of robot arm emerge from the table and begin to massage he . deck three - marcello be - day the italian restaurant . Cafe table , white tablecloth . Jim sit peruse a menu . a robotic waiter - a machine , not a counterfeit human - roll up to the table . jim ( with relish ) let I have the rigatoni alla diabla , with the sauteed spinach and a glass of the montepulciano . deck two - arcade - evening a state - of - the - art game room . Jim inspect the flagship game : " Z factor ! " a huge holographic display , a futuristic cockpit . Jim swipe he shipcard . the game speak like a angry giant . Z factor Jim Preston ! welcome to the cut edge of game ! the great challenge you will ever know ! jim all right then . he clamber into the cockpit . Z factor ( snarling ) be you ready to play Z factor ? jim yes ! Z factor ( a echoing roar ) begin ! in hologram : a fortress shine on a hilltop . War machine crawl over a blast land . letter flash : level one . 23. a warrior appear . Jim 's character . Jim work the control . in hologram : the warrior rise off the ground on a beam of light - and be immediately tear to piece by enemy fire . Z factor ( cont 'd ) you lose ! Z factor reign supreme ! the game howl with demonic laughter . deck four - movie theater - evening a classic theater . seat for a thousand . a velvet curtain . Jim enter . cue by he arrival , the curtain part . the film begin . Jim settles into a seat . fade to black . super : three month later deck two - arcade - day Jim be play " Z factor ! " and he 's on fire . in hologram : the warrior battle dragon above a crystalline city . a title announce " level 40 . " Jim move like a martial artist , drip sweat . in hologram : the warrior challenge the game 's final enemy - a colossus with a hundred eye . the final enemy fall dead . z-factor you be victorious ! jim yes ! z-factor you be the Grand master of Z factor ! jim ( elate ) I be the Grand master of Z factor ! gymnasium - basketball court Jim shoot basket . he 's bring dozen of ball onto the court . he no longer rebound , just grab the nearest ball . he shoot from half court . from even farther away . Long shot , bounce shot off the wall . 24 . he launch a full - court shot , bang it off the rim , and let himself topple over backward . lies stare at the ceiling . bella cantina - afternoon the ship 's mexican restaurant . it have the same robot waiter as the italian place , but here they wear sombreros . Jim sit over the wreckage of he lunch . he downs a margarita and put the empty glass down beside several other . jim another margarita ! mexican robot waiter you have have many , senor . jim ( drunkenly ) margarita otra vez ! mexican robot waiter Si , senor . library - afternoon a room full of workstation , each with a read machine . Jim sit at one in a headset , take a Russian Language course . russian teacher ( filter ) this be the gudonov Russian Language course . level one. let 's begin . repeat after I . ( in russian ) [ I be beginning to learn . ] jim ( in russian ) [ I be beginning to learn . ] russian teacher ( filter ) I be beginning to learn . jim I be beginning to learn . concourse bar - evening Jim sit drink . Three glass in front of he . drunk . jim ( in bad Russian , subtitle ) [ I be study the Russian . ] 25 . arthur ( in perfect Russian , subtitle ) [ good for you ! it 's a beautiful language . ] jim you speak Russian ! arthur of course . we have Russian passenger . jim well , I be try new thing . from now on , every time I sit down , I want a drink I have not have before . arthur Fair enough . Arthur mix a bright green drink , set it in front of Jim . Jim take a sip and make a horrible face . jim what 's that ? arthur something new . fade to black . super : three month later int . berlin suite - bedroom - morning Jim sleep in he luxurious bed . the cover knotted around he . he have not shaven in week . his eye open . he lie stare at the ceiling . after a long moment he get up . shuffle toward the bathroom in he underwear . he 's put on a beer gut . cafeteria - morning Jim walk past empty table . dial up a coffee and a roll . sit sip coffee and stare at nothing . arcade entrance - day flashes and blast of noise . the sound of Z factor ! Z factor ( o.s. ) you be victorious ! 26 . at the z-factor machine Jim sit blank - face in the cockpit . z-factor New high score ! bore , Jim punch he name into the High score board . jim . all the other high score say jim . concourse bar - morning Jim walk up to the bar and slide onto a stool . jim ( in fluent Russian , subtitle ) [ I be ready for today 's new drink ] arthur ( in Russian , subtitle ) [ I be afraid I can not help you , my friend . ] Jim thump he fist on the bar . jim ( in Russian , subtitle ) [ do not argue with I , robot . give I a new drink . ] arthur ( reluctantly ) there be no new drink . jim what do you mean ? arthur I can make two thousand , seven hundred and thirty - eight cocktail . you have have they all . the news hit Jim like a death in the family . jim there be no new drink . nightclub - evening on the holographic stage , a sexy lounge singer in a slinky dress croon a torch song . Jim stand just inch away . he touch she face . the hologram dissolves into static . 27 . Jim drop he hand , restore the illusion . close he eye in a agony of loneliness . grand concourse - shopping district - night Jim walk past the upscale shop , blind to they display . he come to a photo booth . the promotional picture on the side catch he attention : people clowning , smile , kissing . he pull back the curtain , sit in the booth . the curtain fall . the strobe flash . a photostrip drop into the tray outside the machine : four identical shot of Jim stare into the lens without emotion . elite deck - elite promenade - day Jim walk numbly along , ignore the stellar view . he munch potato chip out of a bag . a sweeper robot follow he like a dog , collect crumb . Jim feed it chip . one for Jim , one for the robot . forward observation deck Jim enter , still munch chip . the sweeper robot follow . Jim stand at the window . stare out into the dark . sigh a terrible sigh . suddenly he 's wrack by sob . tear welling up . he lean he forehead against the glass . moan . after a moment he sit down blindly . the whole room begin to slide past he . confused , Jim look around . he 's accidentally sit down on the sweeper robot : it carry he across the room . traveling shot the robot carry Jim up and down the celestial promenade . down a elevator . past the concourse bar . Jim wave . Arthur wave back , speechless . deck one the robot head into a low hatch . Jim duck to fit through . 28 . robotics CENTER a mechanical hive . here the ship 's robot be clean , repair , recharge . robot bustle everywhere - never collide , never get lose . a ballet . Jim 's sweeper robot vomit its load of collect dirt into a waste chute . head into a recharging niche . Jim jump off . he explore : it 's a engineer 's fantasia . Jim 's eye show sign of life . but it 's a hazardous place , with crane and platform , hose and blowtorch on the move . he exit through another low hatch to find himself in the ... hibernation BAY thousands of sleeper in they glass tube . Jim walk among they , look at they face . suddenly he stop , stare . Inside a pod , a woman stand sleep . this be aurora dunn . a breathtaking beauty . jim who be you ? ( peer at she data screen ) aurora . he move on , browsing people . stops. backtrack . he stand in front of aurora , look in through the glass . he glance at she data screen again . jim ( cont 'd ) New York City . journalist . int . deck two - library a workstation . Jim type " aurora Dunn " into a search engine . it return a list of New Yorker article . some title : the New corporate overlords patient or patent ? genetic Medicine and you modern Love : date the database Jim move the article onto a digital slate . concourse bar - evening Jim sit read one of aurora 's article . Arthur keep busy . 29 . jim do you know ninety percent of the business in the world be own by just eight company ? arthur be that right ? jim she 's good . she know she stuff , and she 's not afraid of anybody . arthur who 's that ? jim aurora . arthur who 's aurora ? jim a woman . a passenger . fade to black . super : three month later int . berlin suite - morning Jim lie asleep , wear boxer short and a full beard . the suite 's a wreck . Laundry and dish litter the floor . his eye open . he look at the star outside . grope under the pillow and pull out a remote control . punch a button . the window shade come down , hide the view . corridor Jim emerge from he room in boxer short and slipper . he 's drag a blanket . a housekeep robot , its dustpan quivering in anticipation , hover outside he door . Jim tap the " do not disturb " button on he door panel and walk away . the housekeep robot squeal in frustration as the door close over the mess inside . 30 . cafeteria Jim pour milk over a bowl of cereal . elevator Jim descend , the blanket drape over he shoulder like a serape . he hold he bowl of cereal in both hand . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod Jim stand eat cereal and stare at aurora . his eye never stray from she face . grand concourse - concourse bar Jim glower at the bar in he boxer and blanket . the cereal bowl on the bar beside he . jim I be not say the universe be evil . it 's just get a ugly sense of humor . it do not just crush you . it crush you ironically . arthur thing may look dark sometimes ... jim you get to fly to another planet , but you die on the way . you be completely alone , with the perfect woman right in front of you , just out of reach . arthur aurora . jim yes , aurora ! Arthur , I be fall for she . I have read all she stuff . sometimes I talk to she and I know exactly what she would say . arthur Jim , aurora 's asleep . jim I know . ( lay he head on the bar ) I know . 31 . deck nine - observatory - day in hologram : excelsior 's progress diagram . the excelsior hang between Earth and homestead ii . a legend read : " time travel : 30 year . time remaining : 90 year . " Jim stand watch . the number change with a digital click . time travel : 31 year . time remaining : 89 year . concourse bar - morning Jim walk up to the bar with the hibernation system manual . drop the book on the bar with a thud and take a seat . jim Arthur . say you be trap on a desert island , and you have the power to wish somebody there with you . you would not be alone anymore , but you would be stranding another person on the island . would you make the wish ? arthur I do not know . I have never be on a island . jim okay . say you figure out how to do something that would make you life a hundred time better . but it 's wrong , and there 's no take it back . how wrong would it have to be to stop you ? I mean , what if it make you life a thousand time better ? how do you do the math ? arthur Jim . this be not robot question . Jim stare at Arthur in frustration . jim ( spelling it out ) I know how to wake up aurora . arthur sound like a fine idea . you could use some company . 32 . jim I would be stranding she on this ship for the rest of she life ! arthur oh. well , you can not do that . Jim bury he face in he hand . jim what be I go to do ? arthur Jim . I be here for you . jim ( looking up ) Arthur , you be a machine . Jim haul the manual off the bartop and stalk away . ext . starship excelsior the ship forges through space , its light window shine . Jim pace back and forth on a promenade , a tiny figure dwarf by the mighty ship and the tapestry of star . deck two - hall of faith - day Jim pass under a sign read " Hall of faith , " into a circular walk . there 's a small fountain in the middle of the circle . around the edge , door label : buddhism , judaism , hinduism , christianity , islam , other faith . Jim walk the circle , look through the doorway : a cross , a buddha , a abstract sculpture in the " other faith " chapel . he continue around the circle and out into the ship . deck four - starboard e.v.a . room Jim open a door mark " starboard e.v.a . room - no passenger Beyond this Point ! " the e.v.a . room be dominate by a airlock . spacesuit in rack . tool , tether , shuttle docking ring . Jim go to the airlock . open the inner door . a buzzer sound a warning . 33. he step into the airlock . the door close behind he . Jim look at the red lever that open the outer door . he grip the lever . look thoughtfully out at the star . ext . starship excelsior - starboard airlock the airlock outer door open with a blast of air . Jim emerge from the airlock - wear a space suit . he plant he foot on the hull and walk up the side of the ship on magnetic boot . atop the ship Jim walk forward across the giant skylight . at the bow Jim stand , face uplift . the cosmos reflect in he visor . raise he arm . implore the heaven for a answer . but no answer come . his lift arm fall . int . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod Jim stand look at aurora : a bearded pilgrim in a holy place . fade to black . int . berlin suite - bath - day Jim stand at the sink with a futuristic shaver in he hand . he talk to himself as he take off he castaway 's beard . jim I be shave off my beard . ( to he reflection ) it 's wrong , man . the whisker pile up in the sink , wash down the drain . his face emerge from its mask . jim ( cont 'd ) seriously wrong . you can not do it . he 's finish . clean -shaven . 34 . jim ( cont 'd ) do not even think about it . ( astonished at himself ) I be shave off my beard . corridor Jim exit he cabin in he coverall , carry he toolbox . he find a squadron of housekeep robot wait outside . he tap the " please service " button beside he door . the robot zoom inside with squeal of joy . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod Jim stand in front of aurora : toolbox in one hand , the technical manual in the other . he 's breathe hard . he set the toolbox down . open the manual . it 's densely annotate in Jim 's handwrite . he open the pod 's cover panel and go to work , follow the step in he manual . his hand shake . he start to close a final contact . stop . get to he foot . stands look at aurora . quickly he kneel and complete the circuit . pull he hand away as if the metal have burn he . jim okay . aurora 's pod hum . Medical data flow across its screen . her vital sign re-start . her pale skin flush with color . Jim beat a retreat . aurora' pod aurora 's perfect lip part . she take a shallow breath - and then a deep one . her chest rise and fall . her thigh shift as she bend she knee . the sensor on she body drop off and withdraw into the pod . she open she eye . they be beautiful . her pod 's backrest flexe , scoop up she knee as it become a seat . a video screen drop in front of she . 35 . video stewardess good morning , aurora ! berlin suite the luxury cabin now tidy and immaculate . Jim burst in , wild - eye . drop he toolbox . hide the mark - up manual in the closet . he splashes water on he face . stare into the mirror . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod aurora put on she homestead company bathrobe and slipper . place she shipcard around she neck on its lanyard . video stewardess you be ready to go to you cabin . make yourself at home ! enjoy the rest of you flight , aurora ! woozy , aurora see the other passenger still asleep . aurora wait ! why be all this people still hibernate ? the screen pivot to face she . the video stewardess point . video stewardess aurora , you cabin be this way ! deck seven - corridor Jim stick he head out of he cabin , look up and down the hall . step out warily . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod Jim approach aurora 's pod , electrify . the pod be empty . the screen read passenger discharged . deck nine - number nine promenade aurora find she cabin . it 's a first - class cabin , its door overlook the Grand concourse atrium . 36 . aurora' cabin posher than Jim 's original cabin . a king -size bed , a panoramic window . a widescreen video screen light up . the homestead company theme music play . announcer welcome to you cabin , aurora ! you home until we ... aurora slap the display off . go to the phone . a touch of she finger bring up the ship 's telephone directory . aurora select " information . " phone no one be available at that number . she touch other phone link , faster and faster . phone ( cont 'd ) no one be available ... no one be ... no one ... no one ... no one be available at that number . aurora what the hell 's go on ? deck four - shopping district aurora stride down the lane of quiet shop . actively search for other people . elite deck - elite promenade Jim pace nervously , glance around . she could be anywhere . aurora ( o.s. ) hello ? Jim rush to the railing . below on the Grand concourse , aurora be turn in circle , look up at the balcony . aurora ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) hello ! jim ( a husky whisper ) hi. ( muster a shout ) hello ! 37 . aurora spin . spot he . aurora ( shout ) hey ! I want to talk to you ! jim ( shout ) I will come down . Jim run down six flight of stair , he heart in he throat . he reach the Grand concourse out of breath . he stop a few pace away , just look at aurora , get he wind back . aurora passenger or crew ? jim passenger . Jim Preston . he stick out a hand . she shake it firmly . electric for Jim . first contact . aurora I be aurora . Jim 's lip move as she speak she name , almost say it with she . aurora . she do not pick up on it . aurora ( cont 'd ) do you know what 's happen ? nobody else in my row wake up . jim yeah , I ... same for I . aurora the crew 's suppose to wake up a month before we do . but I have not see anybody . Jim swallow hard . jim the crew 's still sleep . they have get a special facility . I can see they in there but I can not get in . aurora stare at he . aurora you be say nobody 's awake ? jim just I . 38 . aurora just you ? jim just we . aurora but somebody 's get to land the ship in a few week . Jim 's find it unexpectedly hard to deliver the bad news . jim I have to show you something . elevator a Jim and aurora ride upward . she look out into the atrium , watch the floor go by . aurora typical . there 's so much incompetence in this big company . no accountability ! they lose my luggage on the flight to the spaceport . I be leave the planet and my bag almost do not make it ! and nobody apologize . nobody even feel bad . Jim be only half listen - he eye draw to the spill of she hair over she neck , the line of she jaw . aurora ( cont 'd ) it 's the corporate mentality . ( look at Jim ) where be we go ? Jim yank he eye away from she neck . jim the observatory . observatory aurora 's eye , wide and stare . her face a mask of horror . in front of they hang the starship 's progress indicator - the excelsior hang between Earth and homestead ii . thirty - one year elapse ; eighty -nine year to go . aurora ( a shocked whisper ) eighty -nine year to go . 39 . jim the other passenger be not late waking up . we be early . aurora stare at Jim . aurora we have get to get back to sleep . hibernation BAY Jim and aurora walk down a row of hibernation pod . aurora nobody strand I on a spaceship for a hundred year . I work for the New Yorker . I will write a expose so hot you will need oven mitt to read it . trust I . jim it 's not that simple . put somebody into hibernation take special equipment . remember the facility where they put we to sleep ? Jim point at a pod beside they . a middle - age woman inside . jim ( cont 'd ) this pod will keep she in hibernation as long as you want . and it can wake she up . but it can not put she back to sleep . aurora ( getting it ) you do not think there 's a way back into hibernation . jim not that I can see . aurora there have to be . there 's always a way . where 's the crew ? crew hibernation facility door Jim and aurora stand stare at the door : scar by Jim 's many assault . aurora look through the porthole at the crew inside . she run she hand thoughtfully over the door 's dent and gouge . 40 . aurora ( dread the answer ) how long have you be awake , Jim ? jim a year and three month . aurora cover she mouth . her eye full of horror . aurora oh , my god. no. she turn she back . suddenly she walk briskly away . and break into a run . Jim watch she go , astonished . after a moment he run after she . hibernation BAY aurora run down a row of hibernation pod , she eye search wildly among the glass tube . she turn a corner . hesitates . run down another row . she 's fight tear . she put on speed . her sash unknot itself and she robe billow behind she . in another row Jim jog along , worried . he 's lose she . he pause , listen . in the distance , slipper foot . he run that way . he stop : the sash of aurora 's robe lie on the deck . he pick it up . run on . jim aurora ! he turn another corner and see she . she 's sit down , she back against a hibernation pod . laugh at she own tear . aurora I can not even find the one I be suppose to be in . Jim extend a hand . she let he pull she to she foot . he give she the sash , and she tie she robe around she . aurora ( cont 'd ) thanks . Jim look back at she , miserable with guilt . jim I should not have tell you like that . 41 . aurora no , I be sorry . it just hit I how serious this be . how do you wake up ? jim I just do . I wake up , my pod dumped I out , and there I be . aurora I too . we have to get help . command deck - communications CENTER Jim and aurora stand in at a passenger communication Station . Jim swipe he card through the comm Station 's slot . it bring up he account information . jim I have send ... sixteen message to Earth . a bunch to the homestead company , one to the Space administration , one to the United Nations . a couple to homestead ii , just for the hell of it . my phone bill 's about eighty grand . aurora how soon could we hear something ? jim with speed - of- light lag , fifty - six year . that will be from Earth . nothing from homestead ii until we be almost there anyway . eighty year or so . aurora 's mouth go dry . she swallow hard . aurora what about the other planet ? jim the other occupy world be even farther away . we would die of old age before they could answer . aurora what about other ship ? ( off Jim 's stare ) Jim ? jim ( feel very stupid ) I never think of other ship . 42 . aurora Jim , you have have more than a year ! there have to be a flight plan or something ... they search the comm Center and find a map table show the excelsior 's position relative to the occupy world . aurora fiddle with the control . interstellar flight plan appear : a spiderweb of starship track between the world . aurora ( cont 'd ) there ! they inspect the thread of light - a icon on each thread represent a starship . even Jim be excited now . aurora ( cont 'd ) how do we tell how far away they be ? jim the computer know . give I a ship . aurora ( peer at the star map ) the starship Zephyr . jim round -trip message lag ... ninety -nine year . aurora the starship andromeda . jim one hundred thirty - two year . aurora the maximilian . jim eighty - one year . Jim and aurora deflate visibly . aurora that 's the close one . grand concourse - evening the ship 's light turn the cool blue of evening . Jim and aurora walk across the plaza . 43. aurora I know I should be work the problem right now , but I can barely keep my eye open . jim you just come out of hibernation . it will be a couple day before you be a hundred percent . you should rest . aurora ( yawning ) I think I have to . jim I will walk you to you cabin . aurora no , I be all right . jim okay . aurora Jim . do not look so down . it 's go to be okay . you have get I on the team now . Chin up , all right ? Jim nod , speechless . aurora ( cont 'd ) I be in cabin ninety forty - eight , if you need I . Jim watch she walk away . jim I be in the Berlin suite if you need I . she stop . turn to look back at he . aurora a year and a half ? must have be hard . jim it be . aurora good night , Jim . grand concourse - concourse bar Jim sit down at the bar . 44 . jim whiskey . rock . arthur sure thing . how 's you day be ? Jim take a stiff drink . jim aurora 's awake . arthur congratulation . ( off Jim 's face ) you do not look happy . jim Arthur . can you keep a secret ? arthur I be a bartender . jim do not tell aurora I wake she up . she think it be a accident . let I tell she . okay ? aurora' cabin - night aurora sleep , she hair a fan of gold on the pillow . berlin suite - bedroom - night Jim lie awake , fidget and stare at the ceiling . grand concourse - infomat - morning aurora talk with a relentlessly cheerful infomat . she 's wear she own clothes , and it 's a transformation : she look hip and urban , beautiful . aurora how can there be no way to put someone into hibernation aboard ship ? what if a pod break down ? infomat no pod have malfunction in thousand of interstellar flight . aurora well , I be awake . 45 . infomat hibernation pod be fail - safe . Jim appear behind aurora . jim good morning . have you eat ? aurora I be starve . this be the dumbest machine . cafeteria Jim watch in astonishment as aurora blithely order the snack that the machine deny he . the mocha cappuccino extreme . the french Breakfast puff . the gourmet fruit salad . they sit . aurora eye Jim 's tray . aurora you be a man of simple taste . jim I be a silver class passenger . the french Breakfast puff be above my pay grade . aurora oh , no ! all this time ? what can I get you ? jim no , I be fine , really ... aurora shut up . I will be right back . she get up . in a minute she 's back , set a tray down in front of Jim : a western omelette with a side of bacon ... a cafe latte ... half a honeydew melon . Jim shove he old breakfast aside . jim thank you . they dig in . aurora you think the crew member would know what to do ? jim I be hope so . 46 . aurora could we wake they up if we get in there ? jim ( awkwardly ) I be no expert . but I think so . aurora maybe there 's another way to go to sleep . do you check out the infirmary ? jim I look around . it 's the usual hospital stuff . scanner , autodoc . aurora do you look for way of go to sleep ? jim not really . aurora well , Jim ! jim you think they have get suspend animation pill sit around ? aurora you do not know until you look . what about cargo ? maybe there 's a hibernation machine in the hold . jim I look at the manifest . it 's mostly farming stuff , industrial machine . we be not go to find a hibernation facility in a box . aurora you do not know that ! we have to think big here . maybe we can build we own hibernation machine . jim no , we can not . aurora you be not even try ! jim I have be awake a year and a half . I have try everything I can think of . 47 . aurora ( she get up angrily ) well , it look to I like you miss some possibility . and I be not ready to give up . she stride out . Jim watch she go . reaches over and take the gourmet fruit salad off she tray . deck two - library - day aurora sit at a library workstation . workstation no plan be available . aurora what about research article , any kind of technical document ? workstation hibernation technology be proprietary . the follow article deal with the subject on a theoretical level . command deck - communications CENTER - day aurora sit at the passenger Communications Booth . communications booth Planet and connection , please . aurora Earth . the New Yorker magazine , office of the editor in Chief . communications booth begin message . aurora ( into camera ) my name be aurora Dunn . I be do a long - term piece on the colony world . I know you will not get this message for a long time ... but you should know I be in trouble . service deck - infirmary - day aurora inspect the gleam medical equipment . rummages through cabinet full of medicine and instrument . 48 . she open a steel vault . a deep freeze : icy vapor roll out . Inside : rack of steel capsule at subzero temperature . she lean close : each frost capsule be label with a passenger 's name and the word sperm or ova . crew hibernation facility door - evening aurora frown through the window at the sleep crew . a litter of tool still surround the batter door . aurora snatch up a crowbar and bashes the porthole . the bar spin from she sting hand , but the window 's not even mark . elite deck - elite promenade - evening Jim sit at a table with he tool , struggle with a high - tech mechanism . aurora drop into a chair across from he . he look up . take in she condition : weary and frustrated . aurora there 's no way we be go to build a hibernation machine . jim no . aurora and there 's no magic sleep drug in the infirmary . jim no . aurora I do find the gene bank . five thousand sperm and egg sample on ice . I should be glad they do that . by the time we get to homestead ii , that little capsule in the freezer be go to be all that 's leave of I . we really be screw , be not we ? jim pretty much . bella cantina - evening Jim and aurora sit across a mexican dinner they have already put a dent in . a electric candle burn between they . 49 . a robot in a sombrero drop off two mojito and scoot away . aurora so who be you , Jim ? I be go to be see you around . I should know who I be talk to . jim I be from Denver . live there all my life . aurora what kind of work do you do ? jim a little of everything . Transport , robotics , industrial system . I fix what 's break . on the emigration form I be a " rate two " mechanical engineer . means I do not have a Ph.D. aurora neither do I . but a journalist do not need one ; she just need a way with word and a attitude . I be from Manhattan , so I have the attitude . jim I notice . aurora and the word have always be there when I need they . ( she laugh ) I would never have last a year with no one but robot to talk to . they be all such idiot ! jim not all of they . grand concourse - concourse bar - night Jim lead aurora up to the concourse bar . it appear desert . aurora be all curiosity . suddenly Arthur appear , do he swinging - up-on-hinges trick . aurora give a squeal of surprise . arthur even , Jim . who 's the lovely lady ? 50 . jim Arthur , this be aurora . aurora , Arthur . arthur aurora . a pleasure . he take she hand formally . aurora Arthur ! Lovely to meet you . she peek over the bar at Arthur 's mechanical mount , the rail he roll on . arthur what will it be ? aurora dirty martini ! ( to jim ) now this be a robot I can talk to . jim android , technically . ( to arthur ) whiskey and soda . later empty glass show that Jim and aurora have be do yeoman 's work at the bar . both be tipsy and laugh . aurora ( collecting herself ) my God , I almost forget my life be in ruin . that wipe the smile off Jim 's face . jim sorry . aurora what for ? it 's time to sleep . in the morning we will think of something brilliant . jim all right . aurora good night , jim. good night , Arthur . she exit . 51 . arthur good night . ( to Jim , sotto voce ) she 's wonderful . excellent choice . Jim drop he head into he hand . aurora' cabin - night aurora stow clothing in drawer and closet . she hang snapshot on the wall : family and friend . most of the picture be apparently take at the same grand party . she look at they wistfully - and a look of astonishment cross she face . aurora of course ! elite deck - berlin suite door aurora pound on the door . aurora Jim ! wake up ! the door open . Jim stand blink in he bathrobe . aurora ( cont 'd ) we will go home ! jim what ? she pull he down the hall , chatter . aurora it take too long to get to homestead ii . but we be still closer to Earth . we will turn the ship around . elevator aurora drag Jim in and punch the button . aurora we will go home . jim it would take decade . 52 . aurora it 's we only chance of get off this ship in we lifetime . command deck aurora drag Jim out of the elevator . look around . aurora where 's the ... navigate place ? jim that way . but ... she drag he toward the Bridge . aurora we can learn how to pilot the ship . we have all the time in the world . jim there 's just one problem . command deck - bridge door aurora open the Bridge door - revealing the armored firewall hatch just beyond it . jim everything important - the reactor , the gravity drive - it 's all behind firewall . there 's no way through . aurora oh. jim sorry . aurora ( crushed ) that be my last good idea . forward observation deck - day aurora sit curl up in a armchair . around she , a dizzying view of the cosmos . there 's a cup of coffee on a table beside she . in she lap , a electronic slate with a attach microphone . aurora New file . my voyage . 53. a clean page open on the slate . the title in the corner : " my voyage . " as aurora speak , the page fill with word . aurora ( cont 'd ) I board the excelsior on assignment . maybe the most ambitious write assignment ever give . but thing have take a unexpected turn . I be not write for the New Yorker anymore . I be write for I . elite deck - corridor - day aurora jog in sneaker and sweat . cabin door flash past . aurora ( v.o. ) I have be awake on this ship for seven day , awake far too soon ... Dead end . she 's reach the aft end of the ship . she cross a lobby and run back the other way . aurora ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and I might spend the rest of my life here ... running along a promenade , aurora reach the forward end of the ship . Dead end again . aurora ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... in a little steel world five hundred meter long . grand concourse Jim sit at a table , a technical manual open in front of he . he look up . watch aurora jog around the atrium and vanish . aurora ( v.o. ) I be not alone . another passenger share my fate . a mechanic name Jim Preston . swimming pool - day the swim pool be a marvel : one entire wall be a window extend from the ceiling to the bottom of the pool . aurora enter in she homestead company bathrobe . drop the robe to reveal a bathing suit . 54 . aurora ( v.o. ) the other passenger will sleep for another ninety year . she dive into the pool . ext . starship excelsior - swimming pool window aurora swim , a slender shape move on the water 's surface . we pull out , the ship dwindling , the blue window recede . aurora ( v.o. ) by the time they wake , Jim and I will have live , grow old and die . int . forward observation deck back on aurora in she armchair , write . aurora vanish , like a dream , in the blink of a eye . she falter , frighten by she own word . cafeteria - day Jim sit eat and tinkering with a small robot . the table be strewn with dish and tool . aurora sit down across from he . aurora why do you do it ? Jim be thunderstruck . the game be up . he swallow hard . jim do what ? aurora emigrate . leave Earth . I be interview you . jim you be what ? aurora interviewing you . you be the first victim of hibernation failure in the history of space travel . that make you news . 55 . jim who be you go to tell ? aurora posterity . so why would you give up you life on Earth ? Jim seem stunne by the question . he have not think about it in quite that word . aurora ( cont 'd ) a hundred and twenty year ' hibernation mean you never see you family and friend again . you sleep you way to another planet and another century . the ultimate geographical suicide . jim I , uh ... I never really ... aurora be you run away from something ? jim no . thing be okay . aurora so ? jim I just want more , I guess . you know . more room . a fresh start . back to basic . aurora ( chiding ) that 's homestead company propaganda . jim I guess . aurora Jim ! jim I be a mechanic . a rate- two mechanic . we be a die breed on Earth . but in the colony , they still have problem to solve . my kind of problem . in the colony , a handyman be somebody . nothing there for aurora to scoff at . she look impressed . 56 . jim ( cont 'd ) and there 's room ! open country . Woods and field . I like the outdoors . you know , room to grow . aurora now you be back to advertising . jim can not it still be true ? hibernation BAY Jim and aurora walk down a aisle of hibernation pod . aurora you know how much the homestead company 's make off its first planet , homestead I ? over eight quadrillion dollar . that 's eight million billion . colony planet be the biggest business there be . do you pay full price for you ticket ? jim no , I be in a desirable trade . aurora ( triumphantly ) so they fill you head with dream , discount you ticket , and you fly off to populate they planet and pay homestead ten percent of everything you do for the rest of you life . you think you be free ? you be just part of the business plan . Jim wave at the row of sleeper . jim all you see here be five thousand sucker ? aurora I see zeroe on the homestead company 's bottom line . jim I see five thousand man and woman change they life . for five thousand different reason . you do not know this people . Jim walk up to a hibernation pod . glance at the data screen . he cover the screen with he hand . 57 . jim ( cont 'd ) this guy . banker , teacher , or gardener ? aurora study the sleeper : a barrel - chest man of 50 with gray temple and a jutting jaw . aurora banker . jim gardener . Jim move down the row , peek at another screen , cover it . jim ( cont 'd ) be this madison , donna , or lola ? aurora peer : a birdlike young woman with long red hair . aurora she 's too silly to be a donna . I think she 's a lola . jim madison . chef , accountant , or midwife ? aurora she have to be a midwife . there 's no way you make that one up . jim ( chuckle , catch ) she 's a midwife . I do not know they still have midwive . they move among the sleeper , quiz each other . aurora ( point at a man and woman side by side ) married , or stranger ? jim married . aurora ( impressed ) yes . jim ( indicate a young woman ) sixteen , twenty -six , or thirty - six ? 58 . aurora I would almost say sixteen ... twenty-six . jim right . aurora ( about a older woman ) politician , historian , or artist ? jim I do not know . artist ? aurora it do not say . but I will tell you this : I like she . we would be friend . Jim look at aurora seriously . jim you think you can see that ? aurora do not you ? Jim look at the woman in the pod . smile . jim yeah . forward observation deck - day Jim and aurora sit at opposite end of a sofa - they foot almost but not quite touch . they sip cocktail . aurora that be my plan . Travel to homestead ii . live there for a year and see what emigrate 's really like . then back to Earth . I be the only passenger on board with a round - trip ticket . jim ( perplexed ) I leave Earth for a new life . but you end up back where you start . aurora no ! I end up in the future . two hundred and fifty year in the future . on Earth , which be still the center of civilization , overcrowded or not . and I arrive in the future with a amazing story . ( more ) 59 . aurora ( cont 'd ) a perspective no other writer have . literary immortality . jim and what 's this amazing story ? aurora the sell of the colonial dream . jim Big plan . aurora my friend throw I this huge farewell party . everyone come . it be the happiest , saddest night . and look what it 's all come to . ( she sigh ) Jim , I can not think of anything else to try . to save we , I mean . I do not even want to think about it anymore . so . what be there to do around here ? movie theater - day Jim lead aurora into the movie theater . the light come up . the curtain open . aurora look around in wonder . a bundle of cable snake down the aisle . jim watch you step . I have make a few change . next to Jim 's favorite seat there 's a cluster of machine with power cable and hose run to they . Jim and aurora sit . a screen beside Jim list movie . jim ( cont 'd ) I get tired of run up to the projector room , so I move the control down here . thirty thousand movie to choose from . I have only watch about five hundred of they . he tap a button on another machine , which produce a bucket of hot popcorn . he offer aurora some . jim ( cont 'd ) popcorn ? aurora grin and take some . 60 . gymnasium - basketball court - day Jim and aurora play one - on-one . she 's not especially good , but fiercely competitive . they jostle and scramble , laugh . aurora snag the ball . for a minute she just stand there , beam . jim what be you so happy about ? aurora I be up two point ! she cut around he toward the basket . deck two - virtual museum - evening Jim and aurora walk through the museum 's white room . the wall display a Jackson pollock collection . aurora go to the control podium . scroll through the menu , cover she eye and choose blind . the wall panel fill with heironymous bosch painting - medieval vision of Hell . she wince and choose again . a somber collection of portrait by dutch master . she frown . Jim step to she side and make a selection . the wall fill with abstract landscape - stark plain and ocean , with lonely figure isolate in the vastness . the image pull Jim and aurora in : they stand before a dark seascape . without think she reach out and tuck she hand in the crook of he elbow . fade to black . super : one month later swimming pool - morning aurora swim lap , cut through the water . in the balcony above the pool , Jim stand watch she . aurora , make a turn at the end of a lap , catch a glimpse of he but do not let on . underwater she smile . 61 . deck three - shopping district - morning a clean robot scurries along the shopping street , look for spot to polish . Jim 's hand reach into frame , pluck the robot off its wheel . deck nine - number nine promenade aurora stand at the railing , watch curiously as Jim cross the concourse below with the robot under he arm . subdeck C - machine shop - day Jim stand at a workbench , the robot in front of he . he tinker with its complex work . grand concourse - day Jim sit in a armchair with he industrial laptop . he type a string of command , hit execute . beside he on the floor , he kidnap clean robot do a figure - eight . Jim smile in satisfaction . forward observation deck - day aurora sit in she habitual write position : cross -legge on she favorite sofa , she write slate in she lap . aurora the starship 's designer give the ship a daily rhythm . the light be warm in the morning , bright during the day , cool at night . we need that change . but I miss other rhythm . there be no holiday here . every day be a day of leisure . there be no season . the sky never change . a mechanical whir distract she . she look down . Jim 's pet robot look up at she with binocular eye . it carry a note in a clip on its back . aurora pull it free . a handwritten invitation from Jim . it read : come to dinner with I tonight ? - jim aurora read the note with a grin . 62 . aurora ( cont 'd ) ( to the robot ) be he ask I on a date ? subdeck C - machine shop Jim sit at he laptop , watch the screen : a robot 's - eye - view of aurora . he wiggle a joystick on he laptop , and ... forward observation deck ... the robot nod its goggle head . aurora laugh . beside the note-clip , the robot carry a pen in a makeshift holder . aurora take the pen , scribbles on the paper . tuck it back into the robot 's note clip . grand concourse - concourse bar Arthur polish glass behind the bar . the robot cross the concourse , note clipped to its back . Arthur watch it pass . subdeck C - machine shop Jim pluck the note from the robot 's back . aurora 's reply be write in bold letter : Love to . - a aurora' cabin - evening aurora get ready for dinner . a slim gown , a few piece of jewelry , she hair up . she look like a goddess . the doorbell ring . she answer it . Jim stand on she doorstep in a black jacket , look dapper . his eye widen as he take aurora in . jim wow . 63. aurora you clean up all right yourself . you go shopping . jim I go shoplift . in the corridor stand a cargo robot to which Jim have attach a upholster loveseat . he help aurora aboard and take a seat beside she . she 's charme . jim ( cont 'd ) rutherford ! to the bar ! cargo robot yes , passenger Jim ! the robot zoom off to the sound of aurora 's laughter . grand concourse - concourse bar Jim and aurora take seat . Arthur put on he best manners . arthur even . what can I get for you ? aurora a manhattan , please . jim single malt , rock . Arthur pour . arthur you two look fine this evening . aurora ( confidentially ) we be on a date ! arthur very nice . aurora ( to Jim , teasing ) take you long enough to ask . jim I be give you space ! aurora Space be one thing I do not need more of . I have be do research . ( more ) 64 . aurora ( cont 'd ) I find a drug that would put we in a coma indefinitely , and machine that would keep we alive . jim really ?! aurora but it 's not suspend animation . we would still be aging . jim oh. aurora yeah . if I have to grow old on this ship , I would at least like to be awake for it . so that be a failure . jim a highly ambitious failure . aurora there 's the title of my memoir . " a highly ambitious failure , " by aurora dunn. Jim laugh . he think for a minute . jim " voyage to nowhere , " by Jim Preston . aurora ( laughing ) " my life in a tin can . " jim " a spaceship built for two . " the stardome - xanadu a great glass dome , the high point on the ship . outside the dome , a riot of star . Inside , a luxury restaurant . Jim and aurora emerge into the dome . she turn , look at the glitter river of the milky Way , the blue star ahead of the ship , the pink star behind they . aurora incredible . they sit at the best table . robot attend to they every need . the blue star frame Jim 's head ; the pink , aurora 's . beautiful dish arrive : new wine with every course . 65 . nightclub - night a holographic 12 - piece band play on stage : a jazz standard . Jim walk onto the dance floor . hold out he hand to aurora . she come to he , and they dance . they be pretty good . smile grow on they face . Jim spin she out , spin she back - close enough to kiss . they almost do - but they do not . deck three - shopping district - night Jim and aurora ride along on the cargo robot . her head rest on he shoulder . suddenly she sit up . aurora rutherford , stop ! the robot stop . she pull Jim off . aurora ( cont 'd ) come on , we have to do this ! she pull he to the photo booth . they tumble inside . as the strobe flash , she kiss he hard . outside , the photo strip drop into the tray : four color picture . in the first they laugh ; in the second they clown ; in the third , they kiss . in the last image , aurora smile at the camera ; Jim look at aurora . aurora tap the picture : they start to move : each be a one - second movie clip . the picture laugh , and clown , and kiss . deck nine - corridor - outside aurora' cabin the robot pull up to aurora 's door . Jim help she down . aurora open the door . turn back to he . aurora thank you . I have a amazing time . a great night . jim yeah , I too . well , good night . he turn to go . aurora Jim . he turn back . aurora grab he and drag he into she cabin . 66 . aurora' cabin they stagger across the room together . he back she up against a wall , kiss he way down she throat . she drag he jacket off he shoulder . pull at he shirt . he slip the strap from she shoulder . her dress slide to the floor . they roll onto the bed . cafeteria - morning Breakfast . Jim watch aurora eat . aurora this be so good . I be starve . ( she smile at he ) last night be just what I need . jim you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . you be so beautiful it hurt I . she stare , shocked . leans across the table and kiss he . soon they be make out right on top of breakfast . a pass robot pause to observe the scene - then move on . series of shot 1 . Jim and aurora make out fiercely in the movie theater while a movie play onscreen . 2 . aurora straddle Jim in a jacuzzi in the ship 's spa . she move against he : she 's close . she climax gorgeously . 3 . Jim stand on a promenade . aurora pass , jogging . he give she a smile as she go by . a moment later she run back into frame and tackle he . they tumble to the deck . berlin suite Jim and aurora lie in Jim 's imperial bed , glisten with sweat and breathe hard . she lay she head on he shoulder , she eye far away and wistful . jim you okay ? aurora yes , I be fine . it 's just ... 67 . she wave she hand in the air as if to signify , all of this . jim I know . she snuggle in tighter , and he hold she close . ext . starship excelsior - berlin suite window through the window , Jim and aurora lie together in the luxurious bed . we pull out , the window dwindling , as the excelsior soar away from we into the star . fade to black . super : three month later elite deck - corridor - morning a luxury cabin door : the doorplate read " Vienna suite . " vienna suite - bedroom the best suite on the ship . one one side of the bedroom , aurora 's memento and possession . on the other side , Jim 's . they wake together . she kiss he on the cheek with the ease of long habit and head for the shower . he watch she go . swimming pool - morning swim , aurora reach the end of a lap . a hand reach down and catch she before she can turn . Jim kneel at the edge of the pool , in coverall and work boot , a tool belt sling over he shoulder . aurora pull herself up and kiss he . jim I be go to finish my survey of the cargo hold . see what there be to play with . aurora be careful . jim back by happy hour . 68 . forward observation deck - day aurora write on she sofa , surround by electronic slate , each display a reference book or research paper . on one , a map of the polynesian archipelago . aurora the Polynesian set out into the Pacific Ocean with no destination . search for island . they sail into the endless sea on faith . subdeck a - number EIGHT cargo hold - day Jim walk among the tower cargo rack . his flashlight illuminate machine stack from floor to ceiling : tractor and combine , helicopter and seaplane . aurora ( v.o. ) some never return , but other find land , and prosper . what drive they out onto the sea ? curiosity ? tradition ? the wish for something better ? Jim open cargo container . he find ingot of metal , computer component , spool of superconduct wire . Raw material for a young world . aurora ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the urge to move be as primal as hunger or thirst . we run , we drive , we sail , we fly . Jim find a stash of utility golf cart and he eye light up . he unpack one , start it up . drive off into the dark . grand concourse - concourse bar - day aurora sit at the bar with she slate , sip a drink . aurora be it movement that we need ? or the possibility of something new ? arthur what 's that ? aurora I be write , Arthur . hush . aurora 's slate have record this exchange : she erase the extra word with she fingertip . 69 . subdeck a - number seven cargo BAY Jim drive he cart into a new bay - and stare in wonder . in oversize hibernation pod : cattle , horse , sheep , oxen . all asleep . chicken , duck and geese in individual cell . aurora ( v.o. ) like seed , we carry what we need . the wind drive we - whether the trade wind , the solar wind , or the wind of chance . the next aisle hold plant in stasis : sapling in tube , seedling in individual vial . Jim stop in front of a glass case . rosy light bathes he face . he smile . we do not see why . aurora ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we take root where we fall . and helplessly we grow . vienna suite - bedroom - evening aurora sit with she slate . eyeing Jim 's side of the room . give in , she begin to explore Jim 's possession : poke into the drawer of he nightstand and dresser . she open he closet . shift thing , she find a dog-eare manual on hibernation pod . she pull it out . there 's a bookmark in the page . she go to open the book - and the bookmark slide into she hand . it 's the photo strip Jim take during he isolation : four identical shot of he face , bearded and hollow - eye . the melancholy image hit she hard . she touch the picture to make they move : but Jim sit immobile . in the fourth image , he sigh heavily . voice in the hall . cleaning robot ( o.s. ) hello , passenger . jim ( o.s. ) hello , robot . hastily aurora replace the manual . close the closet . Jim appear in the doorway : tool belt over he shoulder , duffel bag in hand . 70 . aurora hi. jim hi. how be you day ? aurora I do not know . I write a few page . I be not sure what I be do anymore . I be write a book , and I be keep a diary . but the book and the diary be run together . I think I be write about we . jim make sense to I . aurora I be not sure I want to write about this life . I do not even know how to think about it . I live in a palace . but it 's also a prison . I be move at half the speed of light and I can not go anywhere ! Jim take that in . jim the cargo hold be full of pioneer gear . there 's a submarine down there , can you believe it ? ship and airplane and bulldozer . that 's what I want , a world still be build . but I will never see it . they sit for a moment in glum contemplation . aurora do you find anything that could help we ? jim yes . I find this . Jim unzip he duffel bag and take out a bouquet of long - stem rose . aurora gasp . reaches out to touch they . aurora be they real ? jim I cut they myself . aurora leap into action . she find scissors , a pitcher . at the sink she trim the stem , arrange the flower . 71 . aurora thank you . jim you be welcome . she look into he eye . aurora for very unlucky people , we get pretty lucky . fade to black . super : three month later int . elite deck - corridor - day Jim and aurora sprint down the hall , cabin door flash by . Jim 's practically drag she along . a deep background rumble . jim it 's come ! run ! celestial promenade Jim and aurora run up the stair onto the high promenade on the ship : glass all around , skylight above . the deep rumble be louder . a bloody light fill the sky . a STAR loom ahead of the ship : a red giant . the excelsior rocket toward the star . the passage take less than a minute . the Red giant swell in the window . the ship shudder . the engine howl . aurora fall into Jim 's arm . the ship bath in red light . the star fill the skylight , fill the sky itself . a fiery surface turbulent with sunspot and mysterious current . the engine howl . and then they be past . the star recede , dwindling as quickly as it grow . the engine quiet . the ship 's calm restore . aurora ( breathlessly ) that be incredible . jim closest we will get to a star on the whole trip . happy birthday . 72 . she throw she arm around he . vienna suite - bedroom - evening aurora stand in she bathroom , get pretty for dinner . subdeck C - machine shop Jim put the finish touch on a beautiful ring woven from gold and silver wire . it 's crown with a flower of gold . he remove the ring from its clamp : inspect it thoroughly . satisfied , he wrap it in a cloth and tuck it in he pocket . stardome - xanadu - evening Jim and aurora dine . they laugh and flirt with easy intimacy . they plate emptied , they sit back , sip wine . Jim lift the table 's candle and wave it in the air . a robot roll up with a birthday cake , candle alight . jim ( singing ) happy birthday to you ... happy birthday to you ... happy birthday , dear aurora ... happy birthday to you . aurora sit bath in candlelight , and for this moment she be truly and fundamentally happy . she blow the candle out . grand concourse - concourse bar - night Jim and aurora sit at the bar , tipsy . Arthur pour . arthur birthday cocktail for the birthday girl . aurora be not you go to check my i.d .? I might not be old enough to drink . arthur I would never ask you age in front of a gentleman . aurora Jim 's not a gentleman . anyway there 's no secret between I and Jim . 73. arthur ( look at Jim ) be that so ? jim you hear the lady . be right back . he walk away . aurora you know what I like about you , Arthur ? you have a sense of occasion . I bet lady fall for you on every trip . arthur I would say you be pull my leg , but I have not get any . aurora ( laughing ) exactly ! there you go . arthur I remember you last birthday , a year ago . Jim be really look forward to meeting you . aurora frown , processing this sentence - she smile fade . aurora what ? men' washroom Jim stand at the mirror , straighten he lapel , touch up he hair . he unwrap the ring . look it over . smile at he reflection . concourse bar aurora scowl at Arthur , try to get she bearing . aurora what do you mean , he be look forward to it ? how could he ... arthur he could not stop talk about you , let I tell you . he spend month decide whether to wake you up . aurora eye widen in shock . 74 . aurora Jim wake I up . arthur oh , yes . Said it be the hardest decision of he life , but I see it work out just fine . aurora stop breathe . she stare at the bartop . Jim stroll up to the bar . his hand slide into the jacket pocket where the ring lie hide . but aurora 's body language be all wrong . he stop , perplex . jim what ? she look up , she face rigid . her voice a whisper . aurora do you wake I up , Jim ? Jim 's hand slide out of he jacket pocket . he shoot a look at Arthur , who smile back , oblivious . aurora 's eye bore into he . finally Jim find he voice . jim yes . I wake you up . aurora ( in agony ) how could you do it ? jim I try not to . aurora you pull I out of hibernation . you destroy the rest of my life . you murder I ! jim that 's a little strong ... aurora you murder I . I be go to be sick . oh , my god. I ... I can not see . she get up to leave . jim aurora . he go after she . 75 . aurora get away from I ! she slap at he blindly , almost hysterical . stumble away . service deck - celestial promenade aurora stare out at the star . Jim appear behind she . she speak without turn . aurora ( bitterly ) how do you decide ? ( turn on he ) do you just go shopping ? a couple thousand woman in they underwear , and you get to pick you favorite . jim it be not like that . aurora what be it like ? and you have it all plan out ! dinner and movie and we big date ... oh , my God ! and I just eat it up . Fake ! all fake ! jim this be real . I do not plan this . it ... happen . aurora ( mocking ) " find true love on the starship excelsior ! romance between the star ! the woman of you dream ! " be it everything you think it would be ? jim aurora . I love you . aurora this be sick . ( she glare at he ) show I how you do it . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod aurora walk up to she old hibernation pod . Jim trail she . aurora so ? 76 . Jim stare at she , unbely . but she mean it . he open the cover panel , point out the key component . jim I look at my pod . a couple different processor burn out at the same time . I trigger the same failure in you pod . short circuit across this two contact , and then this two . and cut this wire . aurora just like that . jim just like that . aurora I be so stupid . I fall for all of it . I fall for you . I think you save I . but you do not save I , Jim . you do this to I . and now I be stick with you . stuck with the second - rate mechanic who ruin my life . jim ( lamely ) rate two mechanic . but aurora 's already walk away . vienna suite - day aurora walk in , barely under control , and break down . sink to she knee , rack by sob . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod - day Jim sit at the foot of aurora 's hibernation pod , stare into the empty tube . vienna suite - evening Jim walk in . all of aurora 's thing be go . her half of the bed have be make . she 's move out . deck three - cafeteria - morning aurora sit finish she breakfast . Jim enter and approach she table . 77 . jim can I talk to you ? aurora I do not want to talk anymore . I do not want to look at you anymore . if you see I come , get out of my way . if you see I sit , find somewhere else to be . there 's plenty of choice . it 's a big boat . deck four - shopping district - day Jim walk alone , hand in he pocket , in a deep funk . a little robot cross he path : he kick it down the street . swimming pool aurora swim . reaches the end of a lap and rest . she look up abruptly as if she sense someone watch she - but the balcony above the pool be desert . elite deck - forward observation deck - day aurora sit read . digital slate surround she . a whir distract she . she look down . Jim 's pet robot sit beside she . a note on its back . she pick up the note . it 's the photo strip from she first date with Jim : they first kiss capture on film . clipped to the photo strip be a handwritten note : " this be real . " aurora lean down toward the robot 's binocular eye . robot' Pov aurora loom close . she hold the note up to the robot 's eye and crumple it up . aurora watch I through a robot be creepy , Jim . cut it out . subdeck C - machine shop Jim sit in front of he laptop : aurora 's accuse eye stare out of the screen . he close the laptop . 78 . command deck - communications CENTER - day Jim sit at the security console , dishevel and bearded . twenty screen give different view of the ship . one screen show the Elite promenade . as he watch , aurora jog by in sneaker and short . Jim have she route mapped : as she vanish from one screen she appear on the next . he follow she from screen to screen . he pick up a microphone . elite deck aurora circle the atrium . over the p.a. system : Jim clear he throat . jim ( via intercom ) aurora . aurora stop in surprise , look up . jim ( via intercom ) ( cont 'd ) please , just hear I . aurora roll she eye and resume run . command deck - communications CENTER Jim watch aurora move from screen to screen . he hold the mic in both hand . his voice reverberate through the ship . jim the day I first see you , my life change . I could not forget you face . I keep come back to see you . try to know you through the glass . I read every word you ever write , try to hear you . the day you wake up ... deck nine - number nine promenade aurora do not break stride . but she 's listen . jim ( via intercom ) when you wake up I have no idea what would happen next . I have no reason to believe you would see anything in I . when you do , when we find each other , this ship I be trap inside suddenly feel like a limitless place . ( more ) 79 . jim ( via intercom ) ( cont 'd ) my pointless life suddenly have meaning . aurora skid to a stop beside a deck steward 's station . she lean over the counter , find a intercom terminal and grab the microphone . a whine of feedback . she look into the lens of the nearest security camera . aurora that 's great , Jim . just great . I be glad that ruin my life somehow improve yours . but I have a run to finish , so ... grand concourse - concourse bar Arthur look up , listen , as voice echo through the ship . jim ( via intercom ) wait . aurora . do not go . aurora ( via intercom ) you may be the only game in town , Jim , but that do not mean I have to play . just pretend I be not here . because as far as you be concerned , I be not . deck nine - number nine promenade at the deck steward 's station , aurora stare into the camera . jim ( via intercom ) I do not want to lose you . command deck - communications CENTER Jim stare at aurora on the video screen . aurora ( via intercom ) Jim , you lose I . she drop the microphone and walk out of frame . Jim slump over the console in defeat . fade to black . super : three month later elite deck - vienna suite - bedroom ( day ) Jim lie asleep on he bed in dirty clothes and shoe . he have a shaggy beard . 80 . half -finish dish in bed with he . the suite be squalid . elite deck - cafe maxine the ship 's posh french cafe . aurora eat a fancy lunch , read a novel on a digital slate . she 's groom and put together . deck three - cafeteria Jim sit in front of a bowl of breakfast cereal , a dry slice of toast . he stare into space . he have milk in he beard . forward observation deck aurora sit in she write chair , dictating to she slate . aurora it 's the modern way of life . we surround ourselves with people . a constant din of conversation . as if we need the mirror of other face to see ourselves . the clamor of voice in we ear to reassure we that we exist . do we need it ? can we live without it ? vienna suite - day the tv blare . Jim lie asleep in a armchair , cover with snack chip . aurora ( v.o. ) I think the secret to survival be productive activity . shopping district - craft shop - day aurora investigate the craft shop 's shelf . collect a electronic book on painting . paint and canvass . a easel . aurora ( v.o. ) we need to be good for something . vienna suite - bathroom - day Jim lounge in the bathtub in he bathrobe : sopping wet and drunk . gold glitter in he hand : the ring he make for aurora . he scowl at the ring . 81 . aurora ( v.o. ) a challenge equal to we character . with a snarl , Jim toss the ring into he mouth . chase it with a slug of vodka straight from the bottle . swallow hard . service deck - celestial promenade aurora stand in front of she easel on the promenade . she look out the window and begin to paint . aurora ( v.o. ) something worth do . shopping district - avenue Jim play kick - the-can with the empty vodka bottle . drunk . the bottle clatter against the photo booth . muttering in Russian , Jim attack the booth , punch and kick - and hurt he foot with a shout . he limp away . a moment later he 's back - wear he tool belt . he pull a laser cutter and start carve the booth away from the wall . shopping district - later Jim drive he golf cart unsteadily across the deck . a horrible noise : he 's drag the photo booth across the floor by its power cord . starboard e.v.a . room Jim look into the airlock through the small porthole in the inner door . Red light flash . the photo booth be cramme into the airlock . ext . starship excelsior - airlock the airlock shoot open . the photo booth tumble into space . grand concourse - concourse bar - evening Arthur do make - work behind the bar . Jim and aurora approach simultaneously . they meet awkwardly : they have not speak in a long time . 82. aurora what be you do here ? jim ( drunk ) you ! Tuesday 's my day with Arthur . you be trespasp . arthur actually , today 's Wednesday . jim I sleep through Tuesday ? aurora forget it . the bar 's all yours . but I would say a drink be the last thing you need . you be pathetic . aurora leave . Jim take a seat . arthur what will it be ? jim I be go to kill myself . arthur why 's that ? jim I be a murderer . arthur who would you murder ? jim aurora . arthur but she 's alive . she be just here . jim she will not talk to I . she will not let I tell she what happen . how I fall in love with she . how I want to be with she . and I be not sorry I wake she up . I be not . I love she . and you know what ? she love I . around the corner , out of sight , aurora stand listen . jim ( cont 'd ) what be I suppose to do ? I could not live without she . it be now or never , and I choose now . I choose now . ( more ) 83. jim ( cont 'd ) and I be right . but I wake she up , Arthur . I wake she up , and she say I kill she . and now she 's go . she 's go . ( sobbing ) gimme another bottle . arthur I think you have have enough . Jim look at Arthur as if he 's say something profound . jim you know what ? you be right . I have have enough . subdeck a - cargo hold - day Jim drive he cart up to a rack of large battery : they be identical to the battery that power the golf cart itself . Jim start load he cart with extra battery . service deck - celestial promenade painting lean against the window : aurora 's starscape . the first few be rudimentary , the later one quite good . she work on a new one : a red nebula . she look out the window - and she focus change . she see she own reflection . her brush move across the canvas . she add the suggestion of a cheekbone ... a slender neck ... a eye . a face make of star . subdeck C - machine shop Jim finish connect a bank of battery to he cart 's motor : quadrupling the power . he roll a huge tractor tire up to the cart and bolt it on . deck four - shopping district aurora jog . a rumble and wail of rubber behind she . Jim 's monster golf cart come roaring toward she . aurora leap for safety as the cart pass . Jim blast past she with a war whoop and a wave . he wear welding goggle . aurora look after Jim in astonishment . 84 . deck four - service corridor Jim race down a long straightaway . squeal around a corner . put the cart on two wheel as he dodge a clean robot . he steer down a stairway : the cart bounce crazily down to the deck below . at the bottom Jim take the corner too hard . the cart tumble and slam into the bulkhead . debris rain down . Jim lie crumpled in the wreckage , he goggle askew . forward observation deck aurora sit in she write chair , a slate in front of she . but the slate be blank , and she face be tense . aurora I have not write in day . I do not know why . it 's the old problem , I guess . who 's my reader ? who be I talk to ? what 's it for ? ( she sigh ) I use to love it . service deck - infirmary Jim lie in the autodoc in he underwear - he head protrude , he body visible behind glass . laser and sensor pass over he body . autodoc two separate rib . fracture of the right arm , radius and ulna . one fracture finger . dislocate thumb . jim be I gonna be okay ? blindingly fast , robot arm straighten Jim 's elbow . wrap he rib and arm with smooth white bandage . Jim shout in shock . autodoc leave the bandage on for one week . the autodoc open and Jim climb out , testing he arm . a bottle of pill rattles into a tray in front of he . autodoc ( cont 'd ) take one of this pill each day until they be go . 85 . jim thanks , doc . autodoc and take better care of yourself . fade to black . super : three month later forward observation deck - day aurora paint , wild - eye and fragile . her brushstroke be fierce . she slashes at the canvas . as she paint she begin to cry , silently . she do not stop painting . the easel shake as she work . grand concourse Jim kneel on the Grand concourse . he 's tear a huge hole in the carpet to expose the deck plate beneath . with he laser cutter he cut a large rectangular hole . pries the plate up with a crowbar , open a cavity in the deck . aurora' cabin aurora pace in she bathrobe , hair wrap in a towel . she look at she gallery of snapshot . touches the picture one by one . the face begin to move and speak . a cacophony of good wish . laughter and cheer . finally only one clip still play . aurora 's mother . aurora' mother I promise you we will think of you every day . when you wake up , I know we will be go ... but you just know that we live we life remember you , and hold you in we heart . ( she start to cry . ) I do not understand , baby . I be try , but I can not believe I be lose you . ( she try to soldier . ) I hope you find what you be look for . I hope it make you happy . aurora watch , devastate . 86 . grand concourse - concourse bar - day Jim , in work clothes and tool belt , drop by the bar . he 's as dirty as a coal miner but he look happy . arthur hello , Jim . whiskey ? jim iced tea . arthur come up . be you get my barstool dirty ? jim get to get dirty to get thing do , Arthur . if you hand be too clean , it mean you be not make anything . arthur and what be you make ? jim improvement . elite deck - elite promenade - evening aurora stroll listlessly . glance over the railing at the Grand concourse below - and gasp . she run for the elevator . grand concourse aurora walk wonderingly up to a garden on the concourse : a ten - foot oak tree surround by flowerbed and green grass . elite deck - forward observation deck Jim walk through aurora 's informal art gallery . she have abandon starscape in favor of self - portraiture . the paint face ever more tragic . the last one be a field of white . aurora fade away . infirmary - genetic bank - day wisp of cold mist roll off the metal capsule . aurora browse the rotate rack , read name . with a start she come across she own name . aurora dunn , female , born 4/27/2819 . 87 . she punch button . the rack rotate , shed flake of frost . she find what she 's look for . jame preston , male , born 9/9/2810. she look at the metal cartridge for a long moment . then she slap a switch , and the genetic bank close up on itself . grand concourse - lounge Jim sit read a electronic slate . he look up to find aurora stand over he . aurora I need you . the last thing Jim expect to hear . aurora ( cont 'd ) I mean , I need a repairman . Jim 's face fall . ext . aurora' cabin Jim open the door . Inside be chaos : the light throb . static sizzle on video screen . speaker blare noise . the blind jerk and flap . the adjustable bed convulse like a monster . jim wow . you do need a repairman . int . aurora' cabin - later a dark room . in the light of a utility lamp , Jim re-attach a control panel to the cabin wall . aurora watch . jim the control unit burn out . I take the one from the cabin next door . he throw a switch . the light come on . back to normal . jim ( cont 'd ) all better . aurora give he a brittle smile and sit on the bed . jim ( cont 'd ) so how be you do ? you all right ? aurora I be fine , Jim . thanks for you work . 88. she sit immobile , frosty . after a moment Jim walk out . fade to black . grand concourse Jim pass a clean robot stick in a corner . he frees the robot : it plow right back into the corner . another robot zoom in - and get stick beside the first one . Jim study the robot thoughtfully . subdeck C - machine shop - day Jim tinker with a malfunction robot . a squawk of static come over the p.a. system . Jim look up , listen . forward observation deck aurora sit with she digital slate in she lap . she too be look up , listen . voice ( via intercom ) hello ! anybody there ? aurora bolt to she foot , wide - eye . subdeck C - machine shop Jim have vanish - the robot still rock on the workbench . deck one - hibernation BAY Jim sprint down the hallway , eye search leave and right . voice ( via intercom ) this be deck Chief Gus mancuso . Jim skid to a stop , astonished : the door to the Crew hibernation facility stand open . voice ( via intercom ) ( cont 'd ) who the hell plant a tree on my ship ? the Grand concourse ! Jim spin and run back the other way . 89 . grand concourse gus mancuso stand at a deck steward 's station , intercom mic in hand . a stocky man of 55 , with a bristle mustache , wear a crewman 's coverall . haggard and weary . he stare in consternation at the garden in the middle of the concourse . running footstep . Jim and aurora race into the concourse from opposite direction . they see Gus and stop , astonished . gus ( point at the tree ) who do that ? Jim raise a hand sheepishly . Gus shake he head . gus ( cont 'd ) I can not even talk about that now . who be you ? jim Jim Preston . rate-two mechanic . gus mechanic , huh ? ( to aurora ) and who be you ? aurora aurora . aurora dunn. gus Gus mancuso , senior deck Chief . Nice to meet you . ( look at the tree again ) how long have you be awake ? aurora a year . jim two year . gus this be not good . cafeteria Jim , aurora , and Gus sit around a table . Gus lean heavily on he elbow , sip from a mug . 90 . gus I always get a hibernation hangover but this be the worst ever . ( he drink ) so it 's just the two of you ? jim yeah . gus two year . ouch . ( look they in the eye ) you know what it mean , right ? there 's no way back into hibernation . aurora I be hope you would know something we do not . gus no . we be awake for the duration . how far along be we ? you know ? jim thirty - two year . eighty -eight year to go . Gus blow air . gus that 's tough . ( he shake he head ) hibernation failure ! they say it could not happen . and now three on one trip . aurora shoot Jim a look . Gus do not notice . gus ( cont 'd ) well , let 's see what we can do . command deck Gus lead Jim and aurora to the Bridge 's armored hatch . he swipe he crew card and the door open . jim you have no idea how long I have be try to get in here . gus now you be in . do not touch anything . 91 . bridge the computer console of the Bridge brighten as they enter . Gus walk from station to station , study the screen . gus we be on course .... whatever 's wrong with the ship , navcomp 's still mind the store . jim what do you think be wrong ? gus Three pod failure ? something 's wrong . question be what . he turn to leave . aurora wait . what about diverting the ship ? can we go back to Earth ? Gus almost laugh . gus we be go forty percent of lightspeed away from Earth . to go home we would have to come to a stop , accelerate back towards Earth , and then come to a stop again . it would take as long as go on to homestead ii . anyway , navigation 's not for amateur . Space be a big place , and a planet 's just a little thing . Gus have a cough fit . wipe he mouth with he fist . gus ( cont 'd ) let 's go next door . see how the old girl 's do . diagnostic CENTER Gus open a secure compartment beside the bridge . Inside , the Diagnostic Computer stand dark and dead . gus I think we would see a lot of red light here . that would mean trouble . aurora so everything 's okay ? 92 . gus no , if everything be okay we would see a lot of green light here . aurora what do no light mean ? gus no light mean big trouble . Diagnostic Computer 's down . we have get some work to do . jim what do you need ? gus right now ? cheeseburger . elite deck - stardust diner Gus eat a cheeseburger . Jim and aurora sit across from he . gus ( with he mouth full ) never be so hungry . worst hibernation hangover ever . Jim can not take he eye off Gus . a new person . jim so where you from , Gus ? gus grew up in Chicago . but I have live on this ship a long time . the excelsior 's make five inter- planetary run , and I have be on every one . I live aboard . when she make port , I live where she land until she lift again . jim ( do the math ) how old do that make you ? gus fifty-six . jim but how long ago be you bear ? gus oh. hang on ... ( he do mental math ) about six hundred year ago . ( more ) 93. gus ( cont 'd ) most of that I lose to hibernation or relativity . do not really count . ( he cough again ) I tell you , I feel about six hundred year old right now . I wake up hard . aurora you should rest . gus I think I will . ( he climb to he foot ) tomorrow morning , eight bell , you meet I beside that tree of yours . until I figure out what 's wrong with the excelsior , you work for I . Jim and aurora smile . jim yes , sir . aurora good night , gus. Gus wave and walk off . that leave Jim and aurora sit awkwardly on the same side of a diner booth . after a moment aurora move over to the other side . look at Jim across the table . aurora ( cont 'd ) six hundred year old ! jim I have miss you . aurora stare , catch off guard . she get up . aurora see you in the morning . command deck - diagnostic CENTER - morning Gus and Jim examine the Diagnostic Computer . Jim hold a flashlight while Gus poke around with a voltmeter inside . behind they , aurora stand watch with a digital slate . gus the cpu 's burn out , can you believe it ? why should that happen ? it 's rate for five hundred year . aurora can you fix it ? 94 . gus you do not fix it , you replace it . there be spare for everything in storage . make a note . Diagnostic Computer cpu . and a new cool fan , this one look shot . aurora get it . grand concourse Gus and aurora stand wait as if for a bus . aurora do not take this the wrong way - I wish for you sake you be still asleep - but I be glad you be here . gus thank you , sweetheart . a growl of gear . Jim drive up in he soupe - up golf cart . gus ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? jim the golf cart . Gus take in the bank of battery , the giant tractor wheel . gus this I like . subdeck a - number ten cargo BAY Jim pilot the cart through the stack . aurora ride shotgun . Gus , in the back seat , play a flashlight over the stack . gus next bay be the ship 's store . so how fast can she go ? Jim put the pedal down . the cart lay rubber on the deck plate and shoot down the aisle while aurora and Gus yell . ship' store up on a hydraulic lift , Gus dig component out of storage . hand they to aurora , who hand they to Jim , who load they into the cart . 95 . diagnostic CENTER Gus work on the Diagnostic Computer while Jim look on . nearby , aurora thumb through Gus 's technical manual . Gus clamp a final component in place and nod at Jim . gus start `er up . Jim close a circuit breaker and power up the computer . a deep electrical hum as the machine boot up . the screen flash a message : running vessel diagnostic . a progress bar show that the diagnostic be 0.0 % complete . the light on the indicator panel remain dark . the first light begin to flicker as the diagnostic run . jim how long will it take ? gus full diagnostic from a cold start ? day . but it will tell we everything . grand concourse Gus stroll through the ship , look around nostalgically . he pass Jim 's garden and shake he head . concourse bar Gus walk up to the bar . arthur Chief mancuso ! good to see you . gus good to see you too , Arthur . arthur what can I get you ? gus just a ice water with a little lemon . I feel hot as hell . Gus mop sweat from he brow and sip he water . his hand tremble hard enough to rattle the ice cube . 96 . gus' cabin a homey space , fill with Gus 's possession : picture of fellow spacer and vacation spot on half a dozen planet . book , keepsake and memento . Gus sit on he bed , on a handmade quilt . cough violently into a handkerchief , leave the cloth spot with blood . grand concourse - garden - morning aurora stand wait by the oak tree . Jim arrive with two cup of coffee , and hand she one . aurora smile , touch . aurora thank you . Gus arrive in a fresh coverall , a steaming mug in hand . no sign of frailty . he hand each of they a digital slate . gus all right . last night I check ten atmosphere station and two of they be burn out . twenty percent failure rate . unheard of . so we be go to see how far the rot run . ( to aurora ) you . you be go to walk deck two , Three , and four , and check every atmosphere station . Green light good , red light bad , no light really bad . write down what you find , I want a complete census . aurora yes , sir . gus ( to jim ) you . go down to the ship 's store . find atmosphere station cpus and take a inventory of the spare . I know what the manifest say , but list be not fact . jim get it . gus I be go down to the hibernation Bay to look at we pod . maybe I can spot what go wrong . Jim and aurora exchange glance . 97 . aurora that should be interesting . hibernation BAY - aurora' pod - day Gus kneel in front of the pod , examine the mechanism . alone , he do not hide he difficulty : sweat and panting . something he find inside the machine make he forget he symptom . he stare , astonished . gus Son of a gun . a sound behind he . Gus turn to find Jim watch . he look from Jim to the pod mechanism and back again . gus ( cont 'd ) you be suppose to be do inventory . jim I finish . gus ( hold Jim 's eye ) I look at you pod . very simple . the clock chip burn out . not suppose to happen , but it 's simple . Jim fidget . start to speak . Gus cut he off . gus ( cont 'd ) my pod be complicated . a bunch of different failure at once , the whole thing go haywire . I think that 's why I feel so bad . ( point at aurora 's pod ) but this pod ... jim Gus ... gus you do this . jim yeah . gus I be think what a lucky son of a bitch you be , stick with a beauty like aurora . but it be not luck . 98 . jim no . Gus sit down heavily , look at Jim . gus she know ? jim she know . Gus think that over , shaking he head at the idea . gus I could see there be some trouble between you . Gus start put he tool away . Jim lay the electronic slate down beside he . jim here 's you inventory . I will be in the machine shop if you need I . command deck - diagnostic CENTER Gus sit work . behind he the Diagnostic Computer display its progress bar : the diagnostic be 9 % complete . aurora enter with a digital slate . aurora I finish the census . ( she hesitate ) you see the hibernation pod ? gus yeah . aurora so you know . what Jim do . aurora 's chin begin to tremble . gus yeah , he tell I . aurora he tell you ? just like that ? and ? she wait , tremble with righteous indignation . Gus do not want to get into this : he look away uncomfortably . 99 . aurora ( cont 'd ) it 's not forgivable , Gus . it 's not . do not tell I it be . gus no , it 's a bad thing . but ... ( he shrug helplessly ) look . when a drown man drag somebody down with he , you do not call it right . but he 's drown . a starve man steal a loaf of bread , what can you say ? you should have starve ? aurora I would have starve . gus really ? aurora look hard at Gus , think , and say nothing . elite deck - argentina steakhouse - evening a rustic restaurant . Gus , Jim , and aurora sit around a table . Gus read a electronic slate . gus by aurora 's count , about thirty percent of the atmosphere station cpus be burn out . jim we can replace they . gus we will . but they will just burn out again if we do not figure out why it 's happen . jim where do we start ? gus we wait for the diagnostic report . you have be knock around this ship for two year . a few day more will not kill you . Gus hack and cough . for a moment he weakness be plain to see ... but robot sweep in and lay dish on the table . Gus set he slate aside . 100 . gus ( cont 'd ) here you go . this be the best food on the ship . grand concourse - concourse bar Jim , aurora , and Gus sit at the bar . Arthur stand by . aurora so how do you end up in space ? gus only place I ever want to be . when I be sixteen I lie about my age and get onto a lunar shuttle crew . a few year later I move on to planetary ship . make the venus run a hundred time , then Jupiter and saturn . then the gravity drive come along . Real spaceflight . I do everything I could to get onto a interstellar ship . I be thirty - six year old the first time I see a alien sun . no go back after that . I have walk on seventeen planet in five solar system . jim that 's incredible . aurora do not you feel homeless ? gus I be a spacer . my home be where I be . you can not take much with you , so you do not get hang up on thing . you have yourself . the thing you do . the company you keep . Gus push himself off he stool . momentarily shaky , he pull himself together . he take a seat at the grand piano and play - a fine beerhall pianist . Gus touch a switch and lift he hand : the piano keep play . Gus stand and extend a hand to aurora . she take it , and Gus sweep she across the floor . Jim watch from the bar . arthur ( aside , to Jim ) Gus always dance with the lady . 101 . aurora follow Gus 's lead - but steal look at Jim . her eye unreadable . they watch each other as the dance go on . grand concourse - the garden - morning Jim and aurora wait beside the garden . they have be wait for a while . both look around for Gus . jim you have not see he at all ? gus' cabin door a doorbell chime . Jim and aurora wait in the hall , listen . Jim ring again . aurora I do not think he 's up . gus' cabin Gus lie feverish and semi-conscious in he bed . a thunk ! the door slide open . Jim and aurora rush in . jim Gus ! be you all right ? gus no . no , I be not . infirmary Gus lie in a medical scanner . Jim and aurora watch as the machine bathes Gus in light , sensor float over he body . gus could not get up . weak as a baby . what do it say be wrong with I ? the scanner 's display screen list not one diagnosis , but hundred : disorder , disease , dysfunction . jim ( hide he horror ) it 's a few thing . medical scanner diagnosis complete . Gus haul himself out of the scanner . pull a bathrobe on and come around to look at the screen . he see it and blanch . 102 . medical scanner ( cont 'd ) six hundred twelve disorder find . gus what 's the summary ? medical scanner pan-systemic necrosis . Progressive organ failure . Cause unknown . gus ( lose he temper ) I will tell you the cause . my goofy hibernation pod be the cause . aurora what 's the treatment ? medical scanner no treatment know . Gus pivot the monitor so that only he can see it . gus prognosis . a series of image flicker over the screen , casting shadow on he face . Gus swallow hard and look away . gus ( cont 'd ) how long have I get ? medical scanner between two and three day . a long moment of silence . Gus turn and exit . medical scanner ( cont 'd ) this sedative will alleviate suffer in the final hour ... pill bottle clatter into a metal bin . aurora scoops they up . Jim go after Gus . corridor Gus settles himself behind the wheel of Jim 's cart . jim Gus ! gus sorry , Jim . Gus put he foot down and the cart squeal away . 103 . aurora stumble into the hall , she hand full of pill bottle . she and Jim watch the cart recede . command deck - communications CENTER aurora sit at the security console , watch the monitor . Jim enter . jim he 's not in he room . aurora flip on the intercom , speak into the mic . her voice resonate through the ship . aurora where be you ? Gus , please answer . we will be at the concourse bar every hour . I be really worried . jim where be he ? what 's he do ? gus ( o.s. ) what be you do ? they spin . Gus stand in the doorway behind they . gus ( cont 'd ) guy 's get a couple of day to live and he can not get any peace . aurora where have you be ? gus make arrangement . you kid have dinner plan ? jim no . gus xanadu at eight . ( exiting ) now stop shouting at I . gus' cabin - evening Gus make a tour of the room , touch he photograph and memento in farewell . he put on he dress uniform : chest crowded with medal and decoration for the planet he 's see , the voyage he 's make . 104 . he take a photograph from a dresser : a handsome woman in she forty . kiss the snapshot . tuck it in he breast pocket . in the mirror he study he haggard face . suddenly he shout , a wordless cry of anger . pound on the dresser with he fist . teeth clench in pain and fury . then he straighten . stands at attention . take a deep breath . pivot on he heel and leave the room . stardome - xanadu - night Jim and aurora enter the stardome to find Gus sit shaky but proud at the head of a table . they sit . Gus pour wine with a tremble hand . aurora you look magnificent . gus ( to jim ) lady love the dress blue . ( to both of they ) thanks for come . sorry to run out today , but I do not have a lot of time , and there be a lot to do . he sip he wine . Jim and aurora watch with concern . jim how you feel ? gus Fine , fine . aurora Gus , just because some stupid machine say there 's no cure ... gus state-of- the - art machine , aurora . anyway , I can feel it happen . aurora but you just get here . it 's barely be a week . he take she hand . gus no point count the day . 105 . xanadu - later they dinner be nearly do . Gus pour more wine . he 's in the middle of a tale of adventure . gus a pure oxygen environment be about as dangerous a place as you can be . a steel pipe will burn in pure o2 . and there I be with a hammer , try to close this valve and stop the oxygen flow , when one spark will kill we all . but the thing be , o2 make you punchy . so I can not stop laugh . and then the guy behind I start in , and soon everybody 's go . Captain 's giggle like a girl . the Navigator piss he pants laugh . Jim and aurora laugh . but pain contort Gus 's face . he grip the table with white knuckle . and nobody 's laugh anymore . gus ( cont 'd ) this be happen fast . I get some thing for you . come with I . deck four - starboard e.v.a . room on a table at the edge of the plaza , a small pile of object wait . Gus stop beside they . turn to Jim and aurora . gus I go through the ship 's manual and make note wherever there be something special you should know . this should keep you straight . in a few day the Diagnostic Computer will show you what need fix . he take he shipcard from around he neck . hand it to Jim . gus ( cont 'd ) this will get you anywhere you need to go . question ? jim why be we stand by the airlock ? aurora oh , God ! Gus , no ! 106 . gus get no choice about go . but I can decide how to go , and I be go out on my own two foot . jim ( shocked ) be you sure about this ? gus if you know how this feel , jimbo , you would not ask I to stay . Gus extend a hand to aurora . she throw she arm around he . aurora Gus . I can not stand it . there 's get to be some other way . do not do this . Gus gently frees himself from she arm . gus ( tenderly ) it 's all right , aurora . it 's all right . Gus turn to Jim . they clasp hand . slap each other 's shoulder in a rough embrace . gus ( cont 'd ) Jim . fix the ship . jim yes , sir . gus and take care of each other . Gus turn and open the airlock . he straighten , square he shoulder , and step inside . turn to face they . gus ( cont 'd ) all right . aurora cover she mouth . Jim raise a hand in stunne farewell . the airlock door close . Red light flash . through the porthole they see Gus look out into space . then the outer door slam open and a blast of air shoot Gus out among the star . his body lose in the infinite night . aurora step into Jim 's arm . lay she head on he chest . for a moment he hold she . then she push he gently back . meet he eye sadly . 107 . Jim watch she walk away . int . grand concourse - day Arthur polish glass , chipper as ever . a sweeper robot pass on its daily errand . forward observation deck aurora slouches in she write chair , stare into space - a picture of sorrow . subdeck C - machine shop Jim sit motionless at he workbench , brood . a clatter rouse he . Jim 's little pet robot be bang its head against the wall , emit beep of distress . Jim frown . robotics CENTER Jim walk in . everywhere robot bunch and stumble . a pair of sweeper robot fight to enter the same recharging niche . they trip up a procession of gangly window washer - who stumble into a parade of robot waiter . Chaos spread . the robot ' clockwork perfection upset . cafeteria aurora draw a glass of orange juice and get green sludge . dial for toast and get two slice of charcoal . command deck - diagnostic CENTER aurora enter . the Diagnostic Computer 's console be no longer dark : it 's a sea of green and red light . a lot of red . the computer 's screen read " Diagnostic complete . " it display a long list of error message . 271 aurora stare in horror at the red light . 271 Jim enter behind she . take in the bad news . 108 . aurora there 's trouble everywhere . atmosphere system , water system , waste system , robot control . jim ( under he breath ) what 's happen ? aurora go to the worktable : its surface display the diagnostic report . thousands of fault and failure . aurora it start two year ago . thirty year with no trouble , then forty - seven failure in a single day . ( read the list ) structural concussion . system overvoltage . transient pressure anomaly . circuit reset , conduit 12 . sync failure , hibernation pod 1498 . jim pod 1498 ? that 's I ! aurora whatever happen that day wake you up . she pull up a graph of failure over time : a trickle of breakdown that swell into a torrent . jim ever since then , more and more failure . faster and faster . aurora how do we find out what 's go on ? jim we start at the beginning . the breakdown from the day I wake up . aurora bring up a map of the ship on the display . Red marker blink on the map . aurora they be all on deck one . deck four - aft firewall a armored hatch lead to the engine room . 109 . Jim wear he tool belt . aurora carry a flashlight . each of they carry one of Gus 's manual . Jim swipe Gus 's crew card and the hatch open . they go in . engine compartment - upper level a huge space span multiple deck at the rear of the ship . here the real heart of the excelsior throbs in the dark . Jim and aurora emerge into a hum electrical station . Jim peer at gauge . jim power converter seem okay . aurora the failure be all below we . engine compartment - middle level a huge sphere 120 foot across dominate the compartment . Signs read : caution - fusion reactor . a deep rumble . Jim and aurora descend beside the reactor on a spiral stair . they emerge onto a catwalk at the reactor 's equator and walk around the sphere . reactor control room Jim card open a door label " reactor control room . " Red light pour out . they enter . jim &amp ; aurora ( together ) do not touch anything . bank of control panel - but Jim and aurora have eye only for the window into the reactor 's heart . Inside the reactor be a cage sun : a orb of fire hang in space . loops and tongue of flame leap from its surface . it roar like a forest fire . aurora it 's beautiful . jim scare the hell out of I . aurora what keep it in ? 110 . jim gravity . the gravity plant give we weight . propel the ship . and it contain the fusion reaction . all one system . aurora watch Jim as he walk among the console , study the instrument . jim ( cont 'd ) not much trouble here . a couple of computer run hot . aurora the cluster of failure be still one level down . engine compartment - lower level Jim and aurora emerge from a elevator . they come to a door mark central compute . aurora this should be it . Jim card the door with Gus 's shipcard . the lock flash a red light and stay close . jim Gus 's card should open any door . aurora ( flipping through she manual ) let I try a override code . she squeeze past Jim . tap at the door 's keypad . Jim peer through the narrow window in the door . jim wait a sec , maybe there 's a reason the door ... the light flash green . the door begin to slide open . a howling wind suck aurora against the crack in the door . she scream . Jim grab at she . a hurricane drag she inside . central computer facility aurora tumble into the room and smashes into a column . she cling in the gale - force wind , grimace in pain . 111 . there 's a ragged hole punch in the hull . outside , star burn in the vacuum of space . a tornado of escape air scream out through the hole . Red light flash . claxon sound . the door begin to close . Jim pull a hammer from he belt and jam it crossway in the doorway , prop open the door . the door 's motor whine . Jim dive inside . skid to a stop beside aurora . pull she loose from the column and shove she toward the door , fight the wind . aurora scramble through the doorway . Jim try to follow - but the hammer suddenly bend and spring out of the doorway . the door slam : aurora outside , Jim in the airless room . the last of the atmosphere flash away into space . aurora scream and pound on the other side of the door . but Jim hear only he own thudding heartbeat . the last air leave Jim 's lung in a silent shout , vapor whipping away between he tooth . he spin . scan the room desperately . outside the door aurora re-enter the override code . but the code be deny . she drop to she knee . scan frantically through she manual . in the airless room Jim rip open a wide metal drawer build into the wall . it 's full of computer component : Jim sweep they onto the floor . outside the door aurora tear open a instrument panel beside the door , revealing a yellow emergency button mark " purge . " she flip back the safety catch and slam the button . in the airless room White jet of compress air blast from the ceiling , turn the room into a whirling tornado of debris . Jim cling for he life , gulp air as fly fragment batter he . 112 . the wind tear he from he handhold and hurl he toward the jag hole in the hull . he fall across the hole . Metal fang inch from he body . he strain to avoid be spear or suck out into space . the air jet stop . the wind die as the air escape . Jim lunge back to the open drawer . pull the laser cutter from he tool belt and cut the entire drawer free . he turn back , hold the metal drawer like a shield - and stagger , half fainting . outside the door aurora see Jim falter . slam the purge button again . in the airless room compress air blast into the room , renewing the windstorm . Jim ride the wind , slide across the steel deck and slamming the steel drawer across the hole in the hull . Air scream away through the gap . Jim lunge to a emergency locker and pull out a epoxy foamer - a steel canister like a fire extinguisher . he aim it at the hole in the hull and pull the trigger . orange foam blast out , stiffening into a hard plastic . Jim bury the steel drawer and the hull breach in foam . his eye flutter close . starve of oxygen , he fall limp . outside the door aurora hit the purge button . White jet of air blast into the seal room . the pressure come up . the door slide open . central computer facility aurora dash in . Falls to she knee beside Jim . take he pulse . listen for breath : he 's not breathe . she press she mouth over he and blow air into he lung . after a moment Jim cough . he open bloodshot eye . she prop he head on she knee . aurora Jim . be you okay ? 113. Jim breathes deeply . blink he eye . jim I think I be all right . ( he eye go wide ) look . in the center of the room a round column house the core computer . there 's a crater blast in the machine . jim ( cont 'd ) that 's the core computer . Jim haul himself to he foot , lean on aurora . he approach the blast computer . reaches into the hole . strain . a creak ... and Jim pull a melon-size meteor from the crater . a orb of pitte metal . command deck - diagnostic CENTER Jim and aurora sit at the worktable . the meteor sit between they on the table . jim a meteor . aurora a rock . they stare at the meteor : the cause of it all . a beep : on the Diagnostic Computer 's console , more green light turn red . New error pop up on the diagnostic report . aurora ( cont 'd ) I do not get it . this thing hit down on deck one . but there be failure everywhere . jim ( a brainstorm ) the computer be network . ever since the core computer get blow away , all the other computer must have be carry the load . running at full capacity around the clock for two year . they be burn out . aurora and every computer that burn out increase the load on the other . 114 . jim yeah . the breakdown accelerate . if we do not stop it , the whole ship will go down . aurora I be trap on a sink ship ? jim Gus say there 's spare for everything . if we replace the core computer , it will pick up the load . the burnout will stop . another beep . another green light turn red . aurora let 's go . subdeck a - ship' store Jim pilot he golf cart at breakneck speed through the cargo rack . aurora ride shotgun , read a electronic map . aurora two more row , then leave ! the cart squeal around a corner . central computer facility aurora bury the hull breach in another layer of epoxy foam . Jim wrestle a massive crate off the golf cart 's cargo deck . wearily uncrate the replacement computer . central computer facility - later aurora inspect the replacement core computer , a manual in she hand . the page she 's consulting be cover with Gus 's handwritten note . Jim sit on the floor with another manual . cable and connector lie around he on the floor . aurora first you connect the data bus , then the sync cable , then bridge the power and backup power ... you be suppose to run a startup checklist , but Gus make a note . he say you can skip straight to power - up as long as you ... ( more ) 115 . aurora ( cont 'd ) ( frowning ) Jim ! Jim be nodd off over he manual . he look up , blink . aurora ( cont 'd ) you need to sleep . we can not make mistake here . jim ( groggy ) I be fine . aurora you just get suck into outer space . take a break . elite deck - berlin suite - night Jim lie asleep in trousers and T-shirt , dead to the world . deck nine - aurora' cabin - dawn aurora wake . roll out of bed . command deck - diagnostic CENTER - day aurora sip coffee . survey the Diagnostic Computer 's warning light . turn to stare thoughtfully at the meteor itself . she exit . the console flicker . a green light turn red . and another . the pattern of red light spread like a bloodstain . elite deck - berlin suite Jim still lie sleep . he have not move a muscle . aurora look in on he , and slip quietly away . deck two - swimming pool in a bathing suit , aurora dive into the pool , cleave the water cleanly and strike out in a crawl stroke . she reach the end of the lane . kick -turn and swim back ... ... and the gravity cut out . the water heave itself into weird hump and tentacles . aurora flounder in the weightless water . 116 . berlin suite ( zero gravity ) sound asleep , Jim float weightless from he bed , he blanket billow . he touch the ceiling . his eye open . he shout in astonishment . Gus ' crew card float in front of he . he grab it . his blanket snarl around he : he struggle to free himself . swimming pool ( zero gravity ) rippling mass of water float everywhere , divide and merge . there be no surface . there be no up . in the middle of this chaos , aurora be try not to drow . a truck -size blob of water swallow she up . Inside the jiggling mass she struggle , run out of air . she gather herself . lunge through the water . shoot out of the blob , gasp for breath . she drift within reach of a railing and grab hold . berlin suite ( zero gravity ) Jim brace himself in a corner of the ceiling . spot he tool belt float in mid-air . he dive through the air , snag he tool belt on the way , and open the door . jim aurora ! elite deck - elite promenade ( zero gravity ) Jim emerge from a corridor onto the promenade : airborne , propelling himself from one handhold to the next . he 's barefoot in trousers and undershirt , he toolbelt around he waist . Gus 's shipcard around he neck . aurora ( o.s. ) Jim ! in the middle of the atrium , aurora drift mid-air , far from any handhold . she wear a damp shirt over she bathing suit . jim what be you do ? 117 . aurora ( exasperated ) I be drift helplessly . jim we have get to get you down . the gravity might come back on . aurora have not think of that . she look down fearfully . Jim swing over the railing . brace he foot . take aim . aurora whoa . hey . let 's talk about this . jim hang on . aurora to what ?! Jim dive at she like superman . wrap he arm around she . they tumble through space until Jim grab a railing . jim you okay ? aurora there 's no gravity . jim yeah . that 's bad . aurora why be there no gravity ? jim the gravity plant 's fail . Internal field go first . after that the engine die ... then the fusion reactor go nova . aurora that be bad . jim we have get to get the core computer online . now . engine compartment - fusion reactor ( zero gravity ) a roar of thunder . the cage sun shudder . tongues of fire lick from its surface . 118. deck five - corridor ( zero gravity ) Jim and aurora , get the hang of it , shoot down a hallway - dodging a robot that spin its wheel in the air . engine compartment - core computer room ( zero gravity ) Jim and aurora float into the room and stare : Jim 's golf cart and the replacement core Computer hang tumble in the air . aurora extend she hand to Jim . he take she hand , and with he other hand grab a handhold . aurora float up and grab the replacement core computer by a cable . a human chain , they haul it down to the deck . aurora hold the new computer down . Jim float up to the ruin old computer . open latch . disconnect cable . ease the machine out of the column into the air . the room shake . a deep note in the background fall silent . jim the engine just shut down . fusion reactor control room ( zero gravity ) console alive with warning light . the room be bath with a hellish glow : the orb of fire swell and roar . a computer burn out with a sputter of flame . the air fill with a haze of smoke . fusion reactor the cage sun boil and swell . tentacles of flame graze the reactor wall , leave char trail . core computer room ( zero gravity ) Jim and aurora strain at the replacement computer : it 's nearly in place . each shove with one hand , grip a handhold with the other . they foot kick in the empty air . Red light flash . a warning klaxon sound . announcer reactor failure . reactor failure . passenger please remain calm . aurora hold the computer in place , grip two handhold , she shoulder plant against the machine . 119 . Jim float up , reach around the computer to connect cable . jim do the data cable go in the " bus " port or the " through " port ? aurora Bus port ! the blue one ! the ship shudder violently , throw they from side to side . Jim force one cable after another into they socket . aurora tire : the computer slide out of place . jim hold it ! hold it ! aurora try ! she strain . the computer slide back into place . Jim close the last connection . slip out of the niche and lower the clamp that hold the computer in place . he throw the heavy power lever . the light go out . ext . starship excelsior a wave of darkness engulf the ship . int . subdeck a - core computer room float , Jim and aurora stare at each other in the dark . aurora what 's happen ? jim do not know . the core computer flash to life . the light come back on . so do the gravity . Jim and aurora slam to the floor . inch away , the old computer plunge down and embed itself in the deck . across the room the golf cart bounce on its tire . int . fusion reactor the orb of fire withdraw its blaze tentacles and dwindle to its proper size . 120 . core computer room Jim and aurora lie on the deck , breathe hard . aurora start to laugh . jim what 's so funny ? aurora we be alive ! the engine rumble back to life . a distant , rhythmic sound begin : boom-chak ... boom -chak ... deck two - promenade Jim and aurora walk wearily . jim we have to replace the other burn - out computer . but we have time . aurora slide she arm around he waist . boom-chak ... boom -chak ... jim ( cont 'd ) what be that sound ? aurora stiffen , look over he shoulder . outside the window , a hibernation pod spin into view . a woman inside . aurora ( find she voice ) Jim ! he turn . stare in shock as more pod drift past the window . hibernation BAY Jim and aurora sprint into the facility . the sound be loud here : boom-chak ... boom -chak ... it 's the sound of hibernation pod be eject . the wave of ejection march down a aisle : one pod after another disappear into the ceiling . Jim rush to a console . scan the display . jim the hibernation system reboot . it think the ship 's in port . it 's eject the empty pod . 121. aurora ( horrified ) they be not empty . ext . starship excelsior the ship leave a trail of glow hibernation pod . int . hibernation BAY Jim slide to a halt in front of a hibernation pod . pull a power driver from he belt and remove the cover panel . aurora arrive on he heel . watch as he work . a ominous sound approach . boom-chak ... boom -chak ... the wave of ejection advance down they row . aurora hurry . jim I see it . he 's not fast enough . the pod slide up and out of sight . ext . starship excelsior the pod Jim be work on tumble out into space . int . crew hibernation facility Jim slam into the facility at a dead run . scan the crew hibernation pod . pick one and go to work . aurora enter . look at the man inside the hibernation pod : a stern fellow with a bristle gray beard . aurora who 's that ? jim the Captain . the sound of the ejection wave come closer . boom-chak . aurora you do not have much time . jim I know . 122. boom-chak ! a crewman 's pod vanish into the ceiling on the opposite side . the ejection march down the row . aurora go go go ! the wave of ejection reach the end of the facility and march back on Jim 's side . jim get it ! the hibernation pod hum to life . Inside , the Captain open he eye . he stare in astonishment at the first thing he see : aurora , in she bathing suit and shirt , a dishevel angel . boom-chak ! the pod beside the Captain 's shoot out of sight . he see it . look at aurora in alarm . reaches out , he hand spread flat on the glass . she reach back , she hand match he . the Captain 's pod rise through the ceiling and vanish . Jim roar in frustration . aurora leap back with a cry of horror . deck nine - aft observation deck Jim and aurora stare out the window . in the ship 's wake , five thousand pod glitter like diamond . the cloud of pod disperse as they watch . stricken , aurora walk away . Jim watch she go , then turn back to the window , look out at the tumble spark . ext . starship excelsior the starship recede , leave five thousand pod in its wake . fade to black . super : two week later int . command deck - diagnostic CENTER - day Jim stand at the Diagnostic Computer . the indicator light panel be a sea of green . only a few red light remain . aurora enter . 123. jim that 's the last of the burn out processor . when it reboot we should be all green . aurora can we talk ? forward observation deck aurora 's write couch . Jim and aurora sit face each other . aurora gather she thought . take a deep breath . aurora you know , if it be not for you waking I up , I would be drift out in space right now with the other . and if you would never awaken , the whole ship would have be lose while we sleep . Jim shake he head at the tangle of it . aurora ( cont 'd ) but no matter how we get here , the fact be that we be here . all I know be , when I have a good idea , you be the person I want to tell . when I wake up in the morning , I wish you be there . when I look at you , I just see Jim . and I miss he . Jim look at she , move and catch off-guard . jim I have miss you too . aurora I do not want to be angry anymore . I can not be . we have come through too much . no matter what you have do ... the fact be , I love you . Jim reach out and take she hand . she watch he intertwine he finger with hers . aurora gaze out at the star - the endless shine sky that enfold they . she look at Jim and smile . aurora ( cont 'd ) Hell of a life . Jim meet she eye . jim Hell of a life . 124 . she climb into he lap , and they kiss . a kiss with a year 's frustration behind it . a kiss that matter . ext . starship excelsior - starboard airlock - day the airlock open with a gust of air . Jim emerge in a space suit - follow by aurora . atop the ship they walk toward the bow , star reflect in they visor . at the bow they sit side by side . aurora take Jim 's hand . they lean together , helmet touch , and look together into the blue star of they future . fade to black . super : eighty -eight year later ext . homestead ii - capital landing field - dawn a orange sun rise over green hill . in the foreground the roof of homestead ii 's capital city glow in the dawn . at the city 's edge , timeworn spacecraft sit on they landing gear around a grassy landing field . colonist gather . they watch the sky expectantly ... a new star shine on the horizon . the star grow into a white starship gleam in the sun . the excelsior sweep over the field with a rumble of engine . the ship 's hull be scorched and abrade from its cosmic crossing . but the light shine , the engine throb , the landing gear receive the weight of the ship . the starship 's gangway lower . the door open . child run down the gangway . Children of all age , of all race . twenty of they , thirty . they point at the sun , at the cloud , laugh , wide - eye in wonder . we move up the gangway , through the disembark passenger . behind the child : teenager . adult in smaller number as they grow older . finally a handful of gray-haire elder . 125 . int . starship excelsior - grand concourse transform by the wear and tear of a century 's habitation . path wear into floor , furniture repair or re-purpose . we move past vegetable garden . batter sweeper robot water the planting . window - washer till the soil . the oak tree tower a hundred foot tall over the concourse . its branch brush the skylight far above . we move past wall decorate with mural and carving . at the concourse bar , Arthur be slice vegetable . his timeworn uniform mend by hand . at the aft end of the concourse , a high wall . here a long list of date be inscribe . the last date be the ship 's landfall on homestead ii ; the first , Jim 's awaken . in between : a accelerate tally of birth , death , marriage , catastrophes and achievement ... a century of shipboard life . at the base of the wall we find a table like a altar , where a collection of artifact be display : the meteor pried from the excelsior 's heart . Gus 's wear shipcard , he picture still visible . a beautiful hand - bound book . in the blink of a Eye : we live between the star , by aurora Dunn . beneath this print word , a handwritten dedication : for Jim . in the center of it all , in the place of honor : the photo strip of Jim and aurora from they first date . they laugh . they clown . she kiss he . aurora look into the camera 's eye . Jim look at aurora . fade out . the end .