passenger 57 /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( https://web-beta.archive.org/web/20080703200239/http://wsabstract.com)/ over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> note : Charles rane be originally name wolfgang . passenger 57 by David loughery revised draft October 8 1991 fade in : 1a closeup - man' face 1a handsome . capable-look . sharp , chisele feature . but it 's the eye that grab you . they be the coldest , crudest eye you have ever see and they belong to charle rane , know in the terrorism trade as " wolfgang . " on the interpol hit parade , wolfgang be number one with a bullet . dr . bauman ( o.s. ) Close , please . wolfgang close he eye . a feel - tip pen enter frame and begin to make precise mark on wolfgang 's feature . this be the mark of a skilled plastic surgeon , mapp out the operation he intend to perform . everything about wolfgang 's face will change . dr . bauman ( o.s. ) open . wolfgang open he eye . no amount of surgery can change they . they remain cold , cruel and penetrate . dr . bauman ( o.s. ) well ? a mirror enter frame . wolfgang smile at he mark - up image , eye gleam with wick pleasure . this be one scary guy . wolfgang I think I be go to like the new I . CUT to : 2 int . surgery 2 darkness . then -- boom ! --a big overhead light come on , illuminate wolfgang who recline in a custom operate chair surround by gleam high - tech equipment and a surgical team head by dr . michael bauman , the Florida Gulf coast 's foremost plastic surgeon . Dr. bauman look at the wall clock . two minute ' till noon . bauman wipe some sweat from he lip and adjust he surgical mask . bauman sedate the patient . a enter tank hiss to life . 3 ext . clinic ground - day 3 bauman 's beautiful hacienda-style hospital be locate high in the palisade overlook the ocean . without noise or fanfare , three swat van arrive on the scene . 4 surgery 4 a nurse prepare to place the ether mask over wolfgang 's nose and mouth . but the patient have other idea . wolfgang reach up and catch the nurse by the wrist . wolfgang ( politely ) that will not be necessary . I intend to stay awake . the surgical team react with shocked surprise . 5 int . corridor 5 swat commando be on they way , move with swift , military precision -- each commando armed with the latest in high - tech weaponry . 6 surgery 6 bauman be flustered by wolfgang 's refusal to be sedate . bauman you do not understand . the work I have to do -- the pain involved -- pain be wolfgang 's favorite word . he smile he death 's head smile . wolfgang pain be something I have learn to live with . it 's all there in wolfgang 's eye . not just pain but the pleasure of pain . wolfgang can not wait for bauman to cut into he ! bauman realize he 's deal with one weird motherfucker and wisely decide to humor he . bauman all right . let 's proceed . a scrub nurse present a operate tray to bauman . on it be a assortment of strange scalpel and instrument . bauman shoot a nervous look at the clock -- thirty second ' till noon -- and select a wick - look scalpel . 7 corridor 7 swat commando converge on the door mark " surgery . " 8 surgery 8 bauman bend over wolfgang . he bring up the scalpel , he hand shaking ever so slightly . a drop of sweat fall from bauman 's forehead and land on wolfgang 's lower lip . wolfgang 's tongue dart out and lick it away . bauman and wolfgang lock eye . wolfgang know that bauman have set he up . wolfgang the patient live . but I be afraid we lose the doctor . wolfgang 's hand dart up like a cobra , grab the scalpel and thrust it into bauman 's neck . bauman scream and stagger back , spraying blood . the surgical team recoil in horror . at that moment , the door be kick open by swat . swat commander freeze ! wolfgang be already on he foot . he take two long stride , dive through the air and crash through a wall of smoke glass . 8a adjoining room 8a wolfgang hit the floor in a shower of glass , scramble to he foot and burst through a door , knock over a nurse . 8b int . corridor 8b terrify patient and staff flatten themselves against the wall as wolfgang come charge down the corridor , half - naked , surgical gown flap behind he , pursue by a wave of swat commando . 9 through 11 omitted 12 angle 12 wolfgang round the bend . at the end of the corridor be a elevator -- its door have begin to separate . it 's wolfgang 's only chance . wolfgang race for the elevator , bare foot slapping marble . he 's halfway there when the elevator door slide open to reveal a second team of swat cop . they spill out with weapon draw , ready to open fire . wolfgang put on the brake . the first swat team arrive from behind and wolfgang be catch in the middle . one false move and he get fragge from both direction . oh , well . with a shrug of indifference , wolfgang raise he hand over he head . swat officer you be under arrest ! the smile on wolfgang 's face seem to say , " temporarily . " wolfgang begin to whistle " pack up you trouble " as swat cop rush forward to cuff he . CUT to : 13 ext . night sky 13 fierce rain . dense cloud . first the awsome roar , then we see the massive underbelly of a 707 airliner as it lumber across frame . Cloud thicken . the big engine work hard against the storm . suddenly , a explosion rip out the bulk cargo door and the airliner hurtle to earth -- on fire and out of control -- a symphony of wind and noise . CUT to : 13a int . bedroom ( los angele ) - night 13a JOHN cutter sit upright in bed , jolted from the nightmare . his eye be wide with fear . cutter Lisa ... cutter 's naked chest be soak with sweat and he heart be pound like a jackhammer . the annoying sound in he ear be the buzz of he alarm clock . cutter shut off the alarm . 6 a.m. cutter look around . nothing to worry about . he 's alone in he own bedroom , bath in the blue glow of a tv test pattern . cutter run a hand through he damp hair . he 's a black man in he late 20 -- handsome and muscular -- but unable to shake the nightmare that have haunt he for two year . cutter ( under he breath ) I gotta get some new dream . angle widen . the room be pretty much bare . bed , nightstand and a solo-flex exercise set-up . cutter be a man of few possession . the wall be cover with a variety of bull - eye and target silhouettes -- the kind use by law enforcement . each one be expensively frame -- cutter 's idea of art . the alarm goe off again . cutter I hear you the first time . cutter shut off the alarm and climb out of bed . he go to the solo-flex and begin a rigorous workout -- pump iron to keep the chaos inside he at bay . as cutter battle the weight , we push in on the nightstand ... 13b framed photograph 13b of cutter and a beautiful young woman in happier time . perhaps this be " Lisa . " next to the photo be a amtrack brochure and a ticket -- round trip -- Los Angeles to Orlando . but it 's the amtrak brochure that really catch we attention . it 's illustrate with a bold draw of a powerful locomotive . push in on the train as we ... dissolve to : 13c ext . trestle bridge - day ( stock ) 13c darkness . then ... a real train burst out of tunnel and hurtle past camera . it cross a span somewhere in the Rocky Mountains , head east . CUT to : 14 through 16 omitted 17 int . maximum security lockdown - night 17 rain streak a window re-enforce with steel mesh . thunder crash ! bar slide open with a loud clang . camera follows a distinguished , silver - haire attorney as he enter the bowel of a prison design in hell . he travel down a long corridor line with cell contain the evil and the insane . they jeer , laugh , taunt and spit at the Attorney as he run they gauntlet of abuse . at the end of the corridor , a stem - face guard stand in front of a iron door . the Attorney , wiping spit off he expensive suit with a handkerchief , show the indifferent guard some papers . the guard wheel open the heavy iron door . camera follows the Attorney into a small dark room . the iron door clang shut behind he . on the other side of a mesh screen sit wolfgang , stripped naked , wear handcuffs . his body be hard and muscular , a map of ugly scar . he greet he Attorney with a wolfish smile . wolfgang what 's wrong , Martin ? have not you ever see a naked man before ? attorney how can you be so calm ? they know who you be . wolfgang know it and prove it be two different thing . attorney will you listen to I ? they can prove it . they have get the welshman . wolfgang 's eye cloud . they do that when something displease he . wolfgang go on . attorney the n.s.a. have he in protective custody . he 's connect you to Islamic Jihad , the american embassy bombing in Beirut and God know what else . they be fly you to Los Angeles to stand trial . wolfgang then the solution 's simple . I must not reach Los Angeles . on wolfgang 's confident look ... CUT to : 18 ext . tran pacific airline build ( orlando ) - day 18 the logo of tran Pacific atop a tower of glass and steel . angle down to street level as a taxi pull up to the entrance and stop . John cutter climb out . we see he full figure in a dark suit -- ramrod straight -- lean , hard and muscular . cutter pay the driver , heft he bag and enter the building . CUT to : 18a int . sly delvecchio' office 18a a efficient young secretary look up from she computer as cutter step into the outer office . he toss he bag on the couch . secretary you must be mister cutter . mister delvecchio 's expect you . cutter do not buzz he . I want this to be a surprise . cutter cross the room and push open the big door to ... 18b sly' inner office 18b cutter be barely through the door when sly delvecchio jump he from behind . in a blind flash of martial art skill . cutter flip sly over he shoulder . sly hit the carpet with a thud . Swift as a cobra , cutter be upon he -- knee plant in the center of sly 's chest , hand tight around sly 's throat -- thumb press to he jugular . cutter ( with a smile ) you be dead . sly . get yourself bury . through he surprise and pain , sly smile back . he 's in he early 30 , a friendly , likable guy -- cutter 's buddy from way back . sly ( he voice be a rough whisper ) okay , I be dead . now would you mind get you big knee off my chest ? ( gasp ) I can not breathe ... cutter just smile as sly continue to gasp . sly be very convincing but cutter 's not buy . he know he friend too well . sly cutter ... please ... I can not breathe ... cutter sly , do the word ' act lesson ' mean anything to you ? sly ( really gasp ) cutter , no shit ... you know I have get this asthma thing ... cutter frown and step back . as he do , sneaky sly try to hook he with he foot . but cutter have anticipate this . he catch the foot with one hand and hoist sly into the air so that he 's hang upside down -- face bury in the rug . cutter ( amused ) how 's that carpet taste ? sly all right ! okay ! uncle ! sly 's Secretary appear in the doorway , alarmed to see she boss in this most undignify position . secretary ( frighten ) mister delvecchio ? should I call Security ? sly ( upside down ) ellen , I be Security . ( then ; chuckle ) do not worry . it 's just a couple of navy buddy catch up on old time . cutter we be bond . sly ( to cutter ) you want something ? coffee ? tea ? cutter I be fine . ( to the Secretary ) but you would better bring mister delvecchio some therapeutic mineral Ice . he 's not as young as he think he be . the Secretary nod and back away . cutter release sly and let he crumple to the floor . with a groan . sly get to he foot . he straighten he suit and tie in a dignify manner . sly okay . so I be a little rusty . but you ... you sonovabitch ... sly and cutter regard each other soberly , then break out laugh . they embrace . cutter I think you put on some weight . sly corporate life . I think you lose some . cutter you ever try the food at forrestal ? sly ( scoffing ) forrestal . Jesus , cutter . Teaching counter - terrorism and evasion technique to a bunch of rich guy ' bodyguard and chauffeur -- it 's beneath you . what 's next ? Church group ? cub scout ? cutter maybe . how much do they pay ? sly it 's not you . cutter . cutter it 's I , sly -- the new I . and the new I happen to like teach . it 's get some great perk . sly name one . cutter you want to know what I like best ? it 's make - believe . the danger be pretend . strictly hypothetical . nobody get hurt -- especially I . sly you ever hear that old expression ? ' that who can -- do . that who can not -- teach . ' cutter what about it ? sly I know you . cutter , and you be no teacher . cutter then I be in big trouble because the idea of be a ' do - er ' again make I break out in a cold sweat . sly ' you fall off a horse , you get back on . ' cutter sly , do not you know any new expression ? the Secretary return . secretary mister delvecchio -- you meeting with mister ramsay . sly ( look at he watch ) better hustle . cutter look , sly , I be not even sure I want this job . the idea of get back in the shit do not exactly thrill I . sly I need you , cutter -- and you need this job . it 's the truth . on sly 's implore look ... CUT to : 18c int . atrium - day 18c sly and cutter wind they way through a in - door botanical garden that double as a dining area for the employee of tran Pacific . sly ramsay be Stuart ramsay , the guy above I -- President of Operations . to get the airline anti-terrorism unit off the ground , we be gonna need ramsay 's support . he 's a slick prick but he can be handle . you have do this dog and pony show before so you know the drill . nod. smile . jump through a few hoop . stuart ramsay rise from a table to greet they . he 's in he thirty , handsome , immaculately groom and style . Stuart ramsay 's only real interest in life be he own survival in the corporate jungle . in this respect he be ruthless . he can also be quite charming . ramsay welcome to the jungle . sly Stuart , meet John cutter . they shake hand . ramsay ( friendly ) John -- I be a big fan . cutter smile . he know a shark when he see one . CUT to : 18d same scene - some minute later 18d cutter , sly and ramsay be deep in discussion . cutter this be fact . over the last year , there 's be a forty percent increase in terrorist action against tran Pacific . most of this incident occur in - flight . most of they could have be prevent . ramsay how ? cutter by do what the Israelis do ... have train security specialist ' ride shotgun ' on all international and coast - to - coast flight . ramsay I hope you be not suggest we put armed guard on we plane . we passenger would never stand for it . cutter I be not talk about armed guard . I be talk about train counter - terrorist -- disguise as passenger . they identity would be know only to the flight crew . you want to stop terrorism ? cutter ( cont 'd ) then you gotta send a message . let the terrorist know you be not afraid to fight back . ramsay ( amused ) maybe we could use it as a advertising gimmick . ' fly tran Pacific -- we will get you there alive . ' ( a friendly smile ) John ... air travel be suppose to be a pleasant and relax experience . we do not want the public to think they life be in danger every time they get on a plane . cutter but they life be in danger . cutter know this only too well . ramsay consider for a moment . ramsay ( turn to sly ) he do not pull he punch , do he ? what do you think ? sly I be with John . I have work up some number and it 's not as expensive as you might think . not in the long run . ramsay well , you guy be the expert ... but it seem kind of extreme to I . cutter terrorism be a growth industry , mister ramsay . it should be you number one priority . ramsay I can understand why you feel that way . cutter you can ? ramsay you have be a victim of terrorism yourself . caught slightly off-guard . cutter turn to sly . sly I tell he about Lisa . ramsay I be very sorry for you loss . I know it 's get to be painful . cutter nod , remain stoic . cutter it 's be two year . I be not over it -- I never will be -- but I can talk about it now . yeah . I be a victim of terrorism . Pan International Flight 107 . the ironic part be , I be not on a job . I be on my honeymoon . we be halfway to Buenos Aires when a bomb go off in the cargo hold . one second we be make joke about the lousy food . the next ... ( too painful ; stick to the fact ) one hundred and forty - two people lose they life . twenty - seven survive . they tell I I be lucky but the truth be , a big part of I die in that crash . ramsay I apologize . I know this be a sensitive area . but I have to know if you own experience have make you a bit ... over - zealous when it come to airline security . cutter if anything it 's make I realize that terrorism be not something that only happen to other people . it can happen to any of we ... at any time . ramsay I appreciate you honesty . one more question and we be through . ( a slight beat ) do you always travel by train ? sly sit up like he 's be stick with a red-hot poker . how the hell do ramsay know that ? even cutter look perplex ... until he follow ramsay 's eye to the amtrak brochure poke out of he breast pocket . cutter remove it , play for time . cutter you mean this ? sly ( but in ) I think I tell you . cutter take the train so he could have time to relax and work on he presentation . but he 's return to L.A. tonight -- by air . ( give cutter a strain look ) the six o'clock flight , I believe . cutter ( play along ) right . the six o'clock . ramsay well , that 's a relief . ( joke ) we would not want to hire a airline security specialist who 's afraid to fly . sly ( laugh ) we would have to be pretty crazy to do a thing like that . cutter Stark rave mad . ramsay 's watch go beep . ramsay guy , I be late . ( stand ) John -- most impressive . sly and I will run you idea by addison cale and see what the old man think . I hope the next time I see you will be to welcome you on board . ( they shake hand ) have a nice flight . cutter thanks . but ramsay be go . cutter and sly exchange uneasy smile . sly you think he buy it ? cutter he 's a asshole but he 's not a fool . sly I know he . he will check to see if you be on the plane . I would better make you a reservation . ( call to a waiter ) phone ! cutter do not bother . sly ( as if betrayed ) you gonna make I a liar ? cutter oh , man . do not give I that look . sly what look ? cutter what look ? the ' please , mister , do not shoot my puppy ' look . forget it . sly . I agree to come here and take a meeting . that 's all . nobody say nothin ' about flyin ' on a plane . so do not try to talk I into it because my mind 's make up . and do not try any of you blackmail trick . sly Fine . end of discussion . a waiter arrive with a cordless phone . sly take it and punch some number . sly ( into the phone ) honey , it 's I . I think you should put the house up for sale ... cutter aw , man ... CUT to : 18e ext . orlando INTERNATIONAL airport - arrival zone - day 18e a convertible pull into frame and stop . sly be at the wheel . he turn to cutter in the passenger seat and try not to smile . cutter get it straight , you smug sonovabitch . I be not do this for you . I be do it for I . sly I understand . cutter what ? you be not even gonna say thanks ? sly why should I ? you be not do it for I . you be do it for you . cutter shake he head . cutter I gotta get some new friend . sly break into a happy smile . sly thanks , flyboy . you be save both we ass . cutter ( like it 's no big deal ) hey , it 's just a little plane ride . a couple hour from now we will be talk on the phone and laugh about it . cutter reach over and squeeze sly 's neck affectionately . they shake hand . cutter get out , heft he bag and enter the terminal . CUT to : 19 through 28 omitted 29 ext . terminal 5 - parking BAY 29 a tran Pacific 747 be be prepped for flight . from a overhead angle the jumbo jet look like a patient on life support with all the machinery and vehicle hook up to it -- tow tractor , fuel truck , cargo belt loader , cabin / galley and lavatory service -- all come and go with swift , military precision . 30 angle 30 a Sky cuisine catering truck be park alongside the 747 . a fat man wear orange coverall push a food cart into the open cargo door of the plane . then he go back for the next cart . make sure no one 's watch , the fat man produce a square metal package , slip it into the bottom tray of the cart and push the cart into the plane . 31 int . 747 - lower galley 31 the plane 's lower galley be accessible by a small elevator locate mid-ship . two flight attendant steer the food cart into they bay . marti slayton be in she mid-twenty -- dark , very pretty , friendly and outgo . fiona ritchie be irish , a tall , hard - body redhead . marti ( friendly ) marti slayton . fiona Fiona ritchie . I just transfer from London / Chicago . marti ( as they work ) single ? fiona do not rub it in . marti then you will like Orlando / L.A. fiona pretty good picking , huh ? marti it 's get its reward -- if you can recognize the bullshit artist . not that I be a expert . last week I meet this guy . cute . no ring . say he 's in town for one night and do not know a soul ... fiona sound familiar . marti we go out . dinner . Dancing . then a stroll on the beach . the moon 's out . very romantic . he take my hand , look deep into my eye and say -- fiona ( imitate a male voice ) ' uh , marti , I think I should tell you -- I be marry but my wife and I have a understanding . ' marti ( nod ) next thing , he 's sit in the surf check for loose tooth . like he 's surprised I deck he . fiona good for you . they both laugh . fiona I probably would have cut he ball off . say what ? marti give Fiona a look . Fiona smile brightly as if to say , " just kid . " marti nod and go back to work . the smile fade from Fiona 's face . she shoot a glance at the last food cart -- the one with the package inside . obviously , Fiona know what 's inside it . 32 ext . parking BAY 32 the Sky cuisine truck drive away . it travel to a desert spot under the terminal . the fat man get out , look around to make sure no one 's watch . he shed he orange coverall . underneath he wear slack and a sport jacket . the fat man wad up the cover - all and stuff they into a large trash bin . he walk away . camera move closer to the bin . beneath the cover - all be the body of a man . nake , he throat cut . 33 int . departure gate 33 observe the 747 through one of the big window be a razor- thin young man wear a black beret and a leather jacket . his face be sharp , ferret - like . his name be vincent and he look like a reject from the ramone . 34 vincent's Pov - parking BAY below 34 a dark sedan approach the 747 . it park next to special board stair that connect to the aircraft 's upper entrance hatch , locate behind the flight deck . 35 wolfgang 35 be remove from the sedan by two cop and two no - nonsense Federal marshal , manning and duncan . wolfgang wear a coat drape over he shoulder to conceal the fact that he hand be cuffed and attach to a leather belt around he waist . manning ( to wolfgang ) when we say walk , you walk . when we say sit , you sit . you want something , you ask . you have to take a leak , we will hold you dick for you . wolfgang sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship . as they walk he to the board stair , wolfgang 's eye casually drift up to the terminal window . he see Vincent who flash he a spooky smile . 35a int . terminal - ticketing and check -in 35a cutter wait while a female airline clerk do the computer thing . cutter be look a little anxious . just be inside a airport have quickened he pulse . clerk I can get you on the five o'clock flight if you would like . it will save you sit around for a hour . cutter do it . might as well get this over with . clerk ( cheerful ) Sir , there 's nothing to worry about . statistically speak , fly be still the safest form of travel . cutter give she a dark look . he 's not so sure . 36 omitted 36 37 int . 747 - upper deck 37 captain , co- pilot and navigator arrive and enter the cockpit , close the door behind they . pan over to man and Duncan as they bring wolfgang on board , show they order to Fiona who check they against the manifest . the upper deck can seat up to fifty passenger but it 's empty for this flight . fiona we be underbook so you will have the upper deck all to yourselves . wolfgang ( read she name tag ) ' Fiona . ' that 's irish , be not it ? I have always love the irish . they make such good bomb . wolfgang give Fiona a lascivious look . 38 int . MAIN cabin 38 passenger be board . in a series of shot , we get to know the layout of the jumbo jet 's main cabin . there be two different section down here -- first class and beyond it , the much larger coach section . a staircase behind first class lead to the flight deck and the upper deck ( where wolfgang , man and Duncan be settling in ) . this 747 can carry five hundred passenger but tonight 's flight be spotty . 39 int . boarding bridge 39 cutter walk down the jetway , surround by cheerful , chatter traveler . cutter feel like a lamb on its way to the slaughter . 40 int . 747 - MAIN cabin 40 marti welcome passenger onboard , verbally number each one to get a head count . marti 55 ... 56 ... cutter appear ... " 57 . " he show marti he board pass . between they , a slight flicker of attraction . marti hello , mister ... cutter . down the aisle and to you right . cutter move on . behind he be a Big american indian , tall and powerfully build with a long black braid . the guy look like a mountain of granite -- with a personality to match . stoically , he show marti he board pass . marti hello , mister ... elk horn . right down the aisle . watch you head . the next passenger be a long-haire kid wear rimless glass and lug a big backpack . we will call he the student . he smile shyly and show marti he board pass . marti hello , mister ... Ernst . 41 coach section 41 cutter find he seat near the rear of the plane . a window seat . his close fellow passenger be a grandmother across the aisle . 42 MAIN cabin - upper galley 42 the faint whirr of a motor . the narrow elevator door open and Fiona emerge , carry a tray of complimentary champagne . 43 first CLASS 43 Vincent find he seat and settles in pay special attention to the spiral staircase that lead to the upper deck -- and wolfgang . Fiona serve he a glass of champagne . 44 coach 44 cutter be do fine until he hear the airtight hiss of the hatch door be seal . the jet lurch into motion and back away from the gate . cutter remain calm , assure himself that he will be fine . at the front of the cabin , marti speak into a microphone . marti lady and gentleman , we be now prepare for departure . please make sure that all carry - on luggage be store safely in the overhead compartment . make sure you seatbelt be fastened and please extinguish all cigarettes . 45 ext . taxi lane 45 the 747 roll along a strip of concrete that parallel the take - off runway . marti ( v.o . ) once we reach we cruise altitude , we will be serve we complimentary beverage and then a little later , we dinner . thank you and have a safe , enjoyable flight . 46 flight deck 46 Captain , first officer and flight engineer . through the windscreen panel be the runway , stretch out to infinity . tower ( v.o . ) t.p. 694 , you be clear for take off . captain Roger , tower . the 747 start down the runway , speed increase knot by knot until everything beyond the windscreen start to blur . 47 upper deck 47 wolfgang sit in a center row between man and Duncan . he close he eye and settles back to enjoy the take - off . 48 ext . runway 48 the 747 leave the runway and climb into a dark and threaten sky . 49 int . 747 - coach 49 climb . cabin vibrate . cutter 's eye be clamp shut . but sense something , he open they . across the aisle the grandmother smile at he , obviously amused by he discomfort . grandmother ( slightly condescending ) I have be fly for forty - seven year . cutter you must be tired . CUT to : 50 ext . sky 50 the 747 thunder overhead , head west . 51 int . 747 - lower galley 51 marti and Fiona be prop the roll food cart . marti roll one into the elevator and close the door . the elevator whine into service and up she go . once marti be go , Fiona go to the special food cart . she squat down , reach into the lower shelf and nervously remove the package . CUT to : 52 ext . night sky 52 just like cutter 's nightmare only this time it 's for real . fierce rain . dense cloud . first the awesome roar -- then we see the massive underbelly of the 747 as it lumber into frame . the cloud thicken . the big engine struggle against the mount storm . there be a flash of lightning . 53 int . 747 - MAIN cabin 53 ping ! the " fasten seatbelt " light come on . captain ( v.o. ) this be Captain diehl . folk , I have turn on the seatbelt sign . we have get some unfriendly weather up ahead and we be apt to bounce a bit . so just bear with we . 54 cutter 54 he 's not do so well . to he , every boom of thunder be a explode bomb . marti appear in the aisle beside he . marti how be you do ? cutter ( manage to smile ) well , I be not exactly fly the friendly sky . marti be there anything I can do to help ? cutter how about hold my hand ? marti ( smile sweetly ) I be sorry , sir , but we be not allow to do that . however , there 's a three - year - old child up in first class with a teddy bear . maybe he would let you borrow it . shall I ask ? cutter 's a good sport . he know when he 's be shot down . cutter right between the eye . 54 continued : 54 marti do not forget . I be a professional . I know all the line . cutter and all the comeback , too . marti besides , you be marry . we see that cutter still wear he wedding band . cutter I guess I should take it off one of this day . marti divorce ? cutter not exactly . marti look at cutter and she know . marti I be sorry . cutter great . now it look like I be try for sympathy . lightning crackle . cutter react . cutter damn . can not you turn off the sound effect ? marti there 's really nothing to worry about . statistically speak -- cutter Flying be still the safest form of travel . they share a smile . marti Heard it before , huh ? cutter thanks for try . marti sure you do not want that teddy bear ? cutter it 's tempting but I think I will tough it out . marti smile , rise from she seat and make she way up the aisle . cutter check she out from behind and like what he see . cutter ( to himself ) yeah . tempt . another boom --a flash of lightning -- and cutter 's have enough . he unbuckle and leave he seat , make he way to the rear of the plane where he find a unoccupy lavoratory . 55 int . lavatory 55 cutter bolt the door . he stare at himself in the mirror . a nervous stranger stare back . in this tiny space , the SOUND of the plane only increase cutter 's discomfort . he reach into he pocket and take out he disc man . he put on the earphone , punch play and crank it . loud R & B music drown out the plane ambiance and cutter close he eye , try to get into the music , hope it will help he forget where he be . CUT to : 56 ext . night sky 56 engine strain as the 747 climb above the storm . 57 int . 747 - first CLASS 57 dinner be underway . Fiona approach Vincent . she 's carry a tray of empty glass . under the tray be the smuggle package . Fiona bend down and whisper in Vincent 's ear-ringed ear . fiona Sir , it 's time for the in - flight entertainment . 58 coach 58 push aside the curtain , Fiona leave first class and enter coach , head for the rear of the plane . the indian leave he seat and follow . so do the Student . Vincent bring up the rear , lick food off he finger . Fiona step behind the partition wall that separate the main cabin from the rear lavatory ( one of which be occupy by cutter ) . there 's only one person back here , a businessman who finish up a call on one of the air phone and return to he seat . the indian , the Student , and Vincent arrive . they acknowledge each other in a curt , professional manner . vincent ( eager ) unwrap the present and let 's get this party start . Fiona open the metal package . Inside be several automatic pistol and a grenade . 59 upper deck 59 Duncan hold a spoonful of spinach to wolfgang 's mouth . duncan eat you spinach or no dessert . man chuckle . we rack focus . behind they , silently ascend the spiral staircase be Vincent . Vincent raise he gun and take aim at the back of man 's head . the plane be bounce and he will have to be good to make a shot like this . he be . man be to take he next bite when -- pop ! --a bullet enter the back of he head and come out between he eye . he slump forward . vincent he shoot , he score ! as Duncan react to he partner 's death , wolfgang clamp he tooth down on the spoon , rip it free of Duncan 's finger and lung forward , drive the end of the spoon into Duncan 's leave eyeball , savagely tear upward into Duncan 's brain . 60 below - first CLASS 60 the gunshot have cause a chain reaction of panic throughout the entire ship . Fiona appear in first class . the passenger be shocked to see a flight attendant point a gun at they ! fiona ( shouting ) put you head down ! 61 upper deck 61 wolfgang pull away from Duncan , the spoon ( now bent ) still clamp between he tooth . as Duncan writhes in agony , Vincent step up and fire a bullet into he chest , finish he . wolfgang spit out the spoon and smile at Vincent , he tooth fleck with Duncan 's blood . wolfgang I hate spinach . 62 coach 62 the indian and the Student aim they gun at the now hysterical passenger . student ( shouting ) put you head down ! head down now ! a macho man passenger stand up to protest and the indian treat he to a brutal pistol whipping . terrify , the other passenger put they head down . 63 upper deck 63 Vincent find the key in Duncan 's pocket and unlock wolfgang 's handcuffs . wolfgang toss the cuff away and stand , stretch like he just get up from a restful nap . he hold out he hand like a surgeon await a scalpel . Vincent slap a gun into it . 64 first CLASS 64 a terrify woman turn to the passenger beside she --a burly , florid - face Catholic priest who , oddly , be casually sip a cocktail and pop peanut into he mouth . woman Father -- do something ! the Priest pat she thigh in a most un - priestlike manner . * priest Excuse I . I be need by the man upstairs . the Priest downs he drink , stand up and brushes the crumb off he garment . he smile at Fiona who allow he to climb the staircase to the upper deck , pass Vincent on he way down . they nod at each other in recognition . 65 flight deck 65 the Captain react to a throbbing emergency light . captain we have get a security problem . wolfgang ( 0.s. ) not anymore . they turn as wolfgang step into the cockpit and fire three perfect headshot . boom , boom , boom . he 's just execute the flight crew ! Priest , still chew peanut , enter the cockpit . he shove the Captain 's corpse aside and settles into he seat . Priest put on the Captain 's headset and start punch a new flight plan into the ship 's computer . wolfgang put on a headset and activate the p.a. system . his voice boom through the airliner . we intercut : 66 shot of terrified passengers 66 wolfgang ( v.o. ) you attention please . by now you have notice four people with automatic weapon . a word of advice for that of you too dense to grasp the obvious . this people be killer . obey they and you will live . disobey they and you will die . have a nice flight . 67 first CLASS 67 at gunpoint , Vincent and Fiona herd first - class passenger into the coach section . vincent do not worry . we be not gonna kill you . we be gonna do something a lot worse . fiona we be gonna make you fly coach . 68 coach 68 as passenger scramble to find empty seat , marti come toward Fiona . marti ( can not believe it ) Fiona . what be you do ? fiona ( a new and deadly person ) sit down , bitch , or I will blow you tit off . she mean it , too . marti sit down . 69 int . lavatory 69 cutter , eye still close , have not hear a thing in here , groove on the music from he disc man . the last track come to a end and cutter open he eye . he look at himself in the mirror . he smile , feel relaxed and relieved . the music have work so well he 's wonder why he be ever nervous in the first place . cutter remove he earphone . feeling confident now , he open the door , ready to return to he seat and ride out the flight . but before he 's halfway out , he hear ... vincent ( to the passenger ) just be cool and maybe you will live ! instinctively , cutter duck down and crouch behind the partition . what the hell 's go on ? cutter ease over to the edge and peer around the comer . he see that the terrorist have re-locate all passenger to the coach section of the main cabin . cutter duck back . talk about a worst case scenario . cutter ( under he breath ) this be not happen . but it be happen and cutter know he 's get to do something . think hard , he eye drift up to the air phone . cutter ( to himself ) what be you gonna do ? dial 911 ? 70 flight deck 70 Priest have alter the 747 's course which get a immediate radio reaction . tower ( v.o . ) t.p. 694 , this be Orlando Tower . wolfgang go ahead . Tower . tower ( v.o . ) say reason for deviation of flight plan . wolfgang ( playful ) we feel like it . tower ( v.o . ) ( cautious ) who be I speak to ? wolfgang you can call I ... wolfgang . CUT to : 71 & 72 omitted 73 int . tran pacific boardroom - night 73 a large meeting room have be transformed into mission control to deal with the hijack situation . staff be busy deal with the problem , shouting at each other and into phone . video and communication equipment arrive . in the middle of this madhouse Stuart ramsay arrive in mid-conversation with a top executive . ramsay who authorize he transit on we airline ? executive you know how it work . the fuck f.b.i , show up at the airport , they flash they badge and bully they way on board whatever flight they like . we be powerless to stop they . ramsay they will take full responsibility for this one , believe I . voice unfortunately , Stuart , the public will blame we . ramsay turn as a tall , impose gray-haire man in he early seventies enter ... addison cale , the Chairman and c.e.o. of tran Pacific . cale do not look pleased . ramsay addison . cale who fuck up ? ramsay be not it a little early to start look for a scapegoat ? cale Stuart , in my experience , it 's never too early . ramsay see a way out . ramsay sly delvecchio 's we v.p. in charge of airline security . talk about a coincidence . just today I be tell he how we need a anti-terrorism unit to handle situation like this . cale ( sad ) too bad . I always like sly . a assistant carry a telephone approach they . assistant mister ramsay , there 's a mister cutter on the line . ramsay I be in the middle of a crisis here . assistant he say he 's on the hijacked plane and want to speak to sly delvecchio . ramsay and cale exchange look of surprise . ramsay grab the phone . ramsay cutter , this be Stuart ramsay . where be you ? intercutting with : 74 cutter 74 crouched behind the partition , whisper into a air phone . cutter I be campe out behind the leave bulkhead on one of the air phone . be sly there ? ramsay no . cutter , talk to I . what the hell 's go on up there ? cutter four terrorist have take over the plane . ramsay cutter , do not do anything rash . ramsay just follow my instruction . I want you to make you presence know and contact the leader . tell he you have the President of tran Pacific on the line . I be here with the Chairman and we be willing to negotiate . cutter ramsay , you do not negotiate with terrorist . ( the truth ) you kill they . and so say . cutter know what he have to do . ramsay wait . listen to I . cutter ... cutter ( lie ) what 's that , ramsay ? you be break up . I can not hear you . ramsay cutter , you have no authority . if you do anything to -- cutter ( cut he off ) gotta go . gotta get busy . click . cutter hang up . ramsay turn to cale in utter bewilderment . ramsay he hang up on I . that 's when sly enter in a rush . sly I get here as fast as I could . ramsay you just miss you friend cutter . he 's on 694 . sly he can not be . I put he on the six o'clock . cale ( to sly ) you know this man ? sly ( confident ) yes sir . I do . but do not worry . cutter 's a pro . he will not do anything to jeopardize the safety of the passenger . ramsay no ? he just say he be go to kill the terrorist . now it 's sly 's turn to look worried . 75 cutter 75 he return the air phone to its cradle , remove he credit card and lean back against the partition , think hard . directly in front of he be the two lavatory door . 76 flight deck 76 the body of the flight crew have be dumped outside the cockpit in the empty upper deck . wolfgang and Priest be study a map . the radio crackle . voice ( v.o . ) t.p. 694 . do you read ? wolfgang ( into he headset ) go ahead . new voice ( v.o. ) this be special agent stern of the f.b.i . first , I would like to establish the status of marshal man and Duncan . wolfgang they status be dead . they look so lonely I have the flight crew join they . the passenger have not be harme . so far . stern ( v.o. ) ( new voice ) what be you demand ? wolfgang we be diverting to Houston . estimate arrival there in two hour . I want a small jet stand by , fuel and ready for take - off . meet my demand and the passenger will be release . wolfgang click off . wolfgang chew on that . 77 omitted 77 78 int . 747 - coach 78 Vincent , Fiona , indian and Student stand in the front of the cabin , keep the passenger cover . Vincent react to they frighten sob . vincent knock that shit off . we do not want any cry-baby . let 's see some happy face . ( point he gun at a passenger ) smile . the passenger , a middle - age woman , try to smile but dissolves into tear . vincent you people be pathetic . a series of loud thumping sound . they be come from the rear of the jet . vincent what the hell be that ? marti rise from she seat . marti the lavatory door -- they sometimes come open when there 's turbulence . would you like I to go back and shut they ? vincent how sweet of you to offer . now sit down and shut up . ( to the Student ) check it out . gun up , the Student head for the rear of the plane . 79 aft section 79 the Student step around the partition and discover both lavatory door open , swinging open and shut , go thump thump thump . the Student investigate the first compartment . empty . he secure the door and peer into the second compartment . cutter , who have wedge himself overhead , drop down on the Student like a ton of brick . cutter slam the Student 's face into the mirror . the glass shatter . cutter there go you next seven year . 80 MAIN cabin 80 Vincent , grow impatient , call out . vincent hey , Ernst ! you fall in ? the Student step out from behind the partition . his face be bloody and he leg be wobbly . he 's be hold up by cutter who appear behind he , press a gun to the daze kid 's head -- use he for a shield . cutter ( shouting like a crazy man ) I will kill he ! swear to God I will blow he goddamn brain out ! passenger scream and duck as cutter frog-march the Student up the aisle . Vincent , Fiona and the indian be unsure what to do . cutter look positively rabid . vincent do not fuck with we , man ! let he go or we start off people ! cutter ( rave ) you think I give a shit about they ? Hell , I may take out a few myself just for kick ! now pull that curtain and move back ! move back or I will blow a window and suck everybody 's ass into space ! cutter aim he gun at a window . vincent okay , just level out ... Vincent open the curtain to first class . he , Fiona and the indian retreat into the empty area , keep they gun on cutter who shove the daze Student in front of he . 81 first CLASS 81 as cutter and the Student enter , Vincent shout up the stairway to the flight deck . vincent wolfgang ! wolfgang . cutter recognize the name and realize he 's in very dangerous company . marti , up and out of she seat , watch from a position near the upper galley . wolfgang come down from above , gun at he side . wolfgang I see we have a hero . cutter ( demand ) lose the gun ! wolfgang consider , shrug , then raise he gun and fire two shot into the Student . as the Student fold like a marionette . cutter fire back at wolfgang -- but wolfgang be already diving for cover . cutter drop the Student and leap back , collide with marti . they tumble into the upper galley . 82 upper galley 82 cutter and marti disentangle themselves . cutter what do you think you be do ? marti I could ask you the same question . cutter be on he foot -- suddenly all business . he push marti into the recess of the tiny compartment . cutter get down and cover you head . marti ( realize ) you be fake ! cutter no shit ! get you ass down ! marti get she ass down . cutter crouch in front of she , gun point at the entryway . marti what 's you plan ? cutter stay alive . marti good plan . wolfgang ( o.s. ) ( shouting ) hero ! throw out you gun or I will start execute passenger ! Big problem . if cutter throw out he gun , he and marti be dead . if he do not , the passenger be . that 's when cutter notice the little elevator . cutter ( shouting ) all right -- here it come ! 83 first CLASS 83 cutter 's gun sail out of the upper galley and land in the aisle . wolfgang nod at the indian and together , they rush the upper galley . 84 upper galley 84 it 's empty ! wolfgang and the indian look at each other in confusion . then , they hear the elevator motor . wolfgang grab the elevator door but it refuse to open . 85 lower galley 85 the elevator door open to reveal cutter and marti , face to face , wedge against each other like sardine . cutter I guess this be what they mean by ' fly United . ' they untangle themselves and pop out . cutter grab a food cart and jam it into the doorway , make the elevator inoperative . 86 upper galley 86 the indian try to pry the elevator door apart with he superior strength but they will not budge . wolfgang do not seem particularly upset . he give calm instruction to Fiona and Vincent . wolfgang handle the passenger . we will take care of the hero . Fiona and Vincent go aft . 87 lower galley 87 cutter scramble around , search for something . cutter where 's the hatch to the avionic compartment ? marti what do you want that for ? cutter we have get to find a way to bring this plane down . marti look at cutter in horror . maybe he be crazy . marti down ? this be a jumbo jet . you do not just bring a jumbo jet down . cutter find the handle to the avionic compartment . he open the hatch . marti hey ! you can not go in there . cutter ignore she and enter . 88 avionics compartment 88 marti grab cutter from behind . they struggle and he pin she against the wall . cutter where would you lear to fight like that ? marti ( snarling ) five older brother . let go . cutter not until you promise to cool out . marti all right . I promise . cutter step back . that 's when marti throw a punch at he head . cutter catch she fist , twist it around and pin she again . cutter now that I know I can not trust you ... marti like I be suppose to trust you ? for all I know you be as crazy as that hi-jacker . crazier ! they just want to steal the plane -- you want to crash it ! cutter my name be John cutter . I be a former airline security specialist . marti former ? what happen ? they fire you and now you be gonna get revenge by crash a 747 ? cutter ( with conviction ) I be try to save life . the people who have take over this ship be killer . they leader be a man call wolfgang and he 's only the most dangerous fuck terrorist in the world . he kill hostage and he will wipe out everybody onboard if we do not find a way to change he plan . yeah , bring the jet down be dangerous . but stay in the air with that psycho be even more dangerous . marti consider ... and decide to trust he . marti so what do we do ? cautiously , cutter let she go . marti make no move to attack . so cutter crouch down and open a small panel . Inside be a river of bright circuit and wire . cutter we cut some wire . cutter search he pocket for something sharp but have nothing that will work . marti tap he on the shoulder . from she pocket , she produce a knife , fork and spoon seal in plastic . 89 upper galley 89 the indian be try to wedge open the elevator door when a sudden drop in altitude knock he off he foot . 90 ext . night sky 90 the 747 fall , come at US in excess of 500 knot . 91 int . 747 - MAIN cabin 91 it 's panic time for everybody -- terrorist as well as passenger . scream and shout . the interior light flicker out -- then burst back on . the engine whine be deafen . CUT to : 91a int . tran pacific boardroom 91a sly , ramsay and addison cale react to news from a technician monitoring the a.f.c . technician 694 have drop off the radar screen ! the room become very quiet , very tense . cale ( pragmatic ) well , if they crash , it would certainly take the pressure off . CUT to : 92 omitted 92 93 int . 747 - flight deck 93 wolfgang enter to see what 's go wrong . Fighting the yoke , Priest jab a finger at the fuel gauge . the needle be steadily go down . Red light wink on . under each red light it say " manual emergency fuel void . " priest somebody 's dump fuel ! wolfgang what do that mean ? priest it mean we find a place to land in five minute or we be dead ! 94 avionics compartment 94 while marti watch . cutter sever wire with the blunt butter knife . 95 ext . gulf of mexico - night 95 Men work on the back of a fishing boat look up as the mammoth jetliner thunder overhead , send they scurrying for cover or diving overboard . 96 int . 747 - flight deck 96 Priest motion for wolfgang to take the co-pilot seat . priest better strap yourself down . this be gonna get hairy . wolfgang buckle up as the fuel gauge hit empty . wolfgang ( a trace of admiration ) the hero do this . priest ( into he headset ) Lake Lucille Tower . do you read ? 97 ext . airfield ( lake lucille , louisiana ) - night 97 a terminal , control tower and a couple of runway in the middle of a soggy cow pasture . in the distance , we see the light and hear the faint noise of a small county fair and carnival . the ferris wheel be a revolve beacon in the gather darkness . tower ( v.o. ) this be Lake Lucille . identify yourself . 98 int . tower 98 a night crew of four or five include frank allen and he wife , nora . the allen work as flight controller . * priest ( v.o. ) this be tran Pacific Flight 694 on emergency approach ! request landing instruction , you field . Frank and nora can not believe they headsets . frank negative 694 -- this be not a commercial airport . we be not equip to accommodate a craft of you size . suggest you reroute to baton rouge -- priest ( v.o. ) and I suggest you shut up and get ready ' cause we be come in ! nora 694 -- that 's the hijacked ship . Frank nod grimly . frank say you position , 694 . priest ( v.o. ) due west . two mile out at five hundred foot -- come in hot and fast ! Frank and nora look at each in alarm . then , grip by the same think , they eye go to the window ... and the fairground beyond the landing strip . if the 747 come in too low ... 99 ext . fairground - establishing 99 the familiar sight and sound of a county fair . the mid-way be pack with innocent , unsuspecting fun-seeker from neighbor farm and town . families , couple and teenager enjoy the ride and attraction . they be out for a night of excitement ( and danger ) head they way . 100 ferris wheel 100 revolving , brightly light , frame against the night sky . just as a seat contain two neck teenager come up over the top , the 747 plunge out of the cloud . filling the frame . it thunder overhead -- almost close enough to touch . then -- whoom ! it 's go . and the ferris wheel shake - and shimmy in the powerful jetwash . 101 mid - way 101 people react and panic as if the sky be fall . and it be ! the massive underbelly of the 747 completely obliterate the moon and star . over by the pony ride , a terrify mother clutches she child who point at the big plane with excitement . child mommy , I wanna ride on that ! 102 ext . end of runway 102 barely miss the fairground , the 747 continue to drop like a brick with wing . 103 int . 747 - lower galley 103 cutter and marti strap themselves into harness . the plane shake , rattle and roll -- dislodge the food cart from the elevator . as cutter and marti look on in horror , the elevator door close and the motor whirs to life . cutter shit ! we have get company ! cutter struggle to unstrap himself . 104 ext . runway 104 the jet come down , bite asphalt , blue smoke rise . 105 int . 747 - lower galley 105 cutter frees himself just as the elevator open to reveal the indian , gun up . cutter leap into the air . with a vicious roundhouse kick , he knock the gun out of the indian 's hand . the indian swing at cutter and connect . while marti look on , the two man slam each other around the compartment . cutter 's good but it 's like fight a mastadon . 106 int . 747 - flight deck 106 Priest mash the brake pedal to the floor . 107 MAIN cabin 107 everyone and everything be violently throw forward . 108 lower galley 108 cutter and the indian be lift off they foot and hurl forward . cutter manage to get behind the indian and use he as a buffer . the indian hit the wall head first -- thud ! -- and knock himself cold . 109 ext . runway 109 the 747 -- bump and skidding along the tarmac . 110 int . 747 - lower galley 110 cutter sit on the floor beside the unconscious indian , try to clear he head . he pick up the indian 's gun , then gesture to marti who be out of she harness . cutter open the load hatch ! marti wheel it open -- let in a blast of wind . cutter stand . marti now what ? cutter climb down and jump . marti you be kid . cutter somebody 's get to tell them we situation and I just elect you . so climb down and jump -- or I will throw you out . that 's when a huge foot slam into cutter 's back . he lose the gun and fall out through the open hatch . 111 ext . runway 111 cutter land in the wet grass alongside the runway . cutter ( a groan of pain ) ground . cutter look up and see the 747 grow small in the distance . the indian stand in the open hatchway , restrain marti while wave " bye bye " to cutter with the gun . and to make matter worse , the big bastard be smile . the plane disappear into the distance . the sound of a gun be cocked . cutter raise he head and find himself stare into the barrel of a revolver . behind it be a burly security cop , ready to blow he away . burly cop hold it right there , boy . cutter bov ? on cutter 's fierce look ... CUT to : 111a int . tran pacific boardroom - night 111a staff be crowded around a tv to watch a video tape . on the screen , a bearded man with a israeli accent be speak . under he face be super dr . ROBERT kapov , author , " the new terrorism . " kapov ( on the tv ) wolfgang 's service be available to any group or government willing to meet he price . he have not get a political bone in he body . in my opinion , he be all the more dangerous because he do not align himself with any particular cause other than he own survival . and wolfgang have the survival instinct of a cockroach . sly , ramsay and cale be watch from nearby . cale give that , it seem unlikely wolfgang would intentionally crash the plane . sly highly . ramsay can you say the same for you friend . cutter ? there 's a big commotion as a entourage of FBI agent enter the room . they look like clone of each other ? tall , cropped hair , conservative dark suit . they leader , jame webb approach sly . webb be in he fifty , tough as they come -- completely devoid of humor . webb sly . sly hello , jim. addison cale and Stuart ramsay ... James webb of the f.b.i . webb gentlemen . ramsay I be glad you be here . I would like to have a word with you about transport dangerous criminal on commercial aircraft -- webb some other time . ( to sly ) I understand John cutter 's on board 694 . ( continued ) sly that 's right . webb do you think he can be trust to keep a cool head ? sly oh , absolutely . the technician monitoring the a.f.c. interrupt with a announcement . technician confirm . 694 have make a emergency landing at Lake Lucille , Louisiana . the staff greet this news with joy and relief . but sly , webb , ramsay and cale be not ready to celebrate . they find a map of Louisiana and locate Lake Lucille . sly talk about the boondock . CUT to : 112 omitted 112 113 ext . lake lucille airfield - approach road - night 113 headlights fill the screen as three police cruiser speed toward camera , siren whooping and bubble - top flash . as the third cruiser clear camera , we whip - pan with it . the cruiser be haul ass to the airfield . slowly crane up . in the distance , we see the tiny terminal and control tower . but beyond that --a truly staggering sight . dwarf everything around it like Gulliver in lilliput , be the awesome amd immense 747 , squatting on the tarmac . it gleam in the moonlight like some great silver monster . 114 int . 747 - MAIN cabin 114 the indian throw marti into a seat near rita and sly . he point a warning finger at she . " stay . " marti glare at he . 115 ext . runway perimeter 115 the three police cruiser pull up alongside the Tower , aim they headlight at the 747 . Police officer scramble out with assault weapon , take cover beside they vehicle . 116 int . control tower 116 Frank and nora alien stare in amazement at the huge airliner . frank ( into he headset ) 694 , that be one hell of a landing . welcome to Lake Lucille . wolfgang ( v.o. ) so much for Southern hospitality . now get a fuel truck out here in two minute or I start toss out body . Frank and nora react to wolfgang 's chill threat . just then , the door to the tower fly open and police chief bigg swagger in , follow by two officer . bigg be in he fifty , muscle go to fat , a cracker cop who would never admit he 's out of he depth in a situation like this . nora Chief bigg ... bigg go to the window and peer out at the 747 . he put he hand on he hip , cowboy-style . bigg I get order from the f.b.i , to take charge ' till they get here . ( jabbing a finger at the 747 ) now get I that sonsabitch on the horn . 117 int . 747 - flight deck 117 wolfgang consider he option . Priest peer out the cockpit window at the police border the runway perimeter . priest what be we go to do ? wolfgang now that we be on the ground , we be go to turn we disadvantage into a advantage . priest what about ' geronimo ? ' wolfgang it be a beautiful plan but hardly useful in we present condition . the radio squawks , this be Lucille bigg ( v.o. ) Chief bigg of the Lake Police Department . wolfgang look at Priest and smile . wolfgang good . if Andy of mayberry be call the shot , it mean the f.b.i , have not arrive yet . ( into he headset ) talk to I . Chief . bigg ( v.o. ) you want fuel ? I will swap you for it . you give I the passenger and I will give you the fuel . how 's that sound ? wolfgang become folksy and amiable , subtly mock bigg , wolfgang ( into he headset ) look like you get I over a barrel , good buddy . I will give you half the passenger now and the other half when the fuel 's deliver . that fair enough ? int . control tower bigg be puffed up , confident he will come out of this a big hero . bigg you let we know when you be ready . 118 continued : 118 bigg release the mike and stroke he several chin . bigg once we get that passenger off , we will shoot out he goddamn tire . there 's a commotion outside . everybody turn as the burly Security cop be shove in through the open door , follow by cutter . cutter somebody lose this ? bigg what the ... cop ( to bigg ) he take my gun ! cutter I be afraid he might hurt himself with it . cutter toss the gun to bigg who catch it and react with outrage . bigg who the hell be you ? cutter John cutter . I be a passenger on that plane until one of the terrorist show I the door . be you in charge here ? bigg you be damn right I be in charge here . what 's the idea of rough up my officer ? cutter I be a security specialist work for tran Pacific . cutter hand bigg he wallet and i.d. bigg look it over . bigg California ? cutter it 's a state out west . look , we be waste time . I have intelligence relate to the terrorist . you want it or not ? bigg it do not say nothing here about you work for tran Pacific . for all I know you could be one of they terrorist try to pull a fast one . cutter and for all I know you could be a cop -- but I doubt it . bigg understand something . even if you be who you say you be , you do not come in here and start throw you weight around . this be my airfield , my rescue -- cutter ( indicate 747 ) and they funeral . you want that on you head ? nora approach bigg with a telephone . ' Chief nora tran Pacific . bigg ( into the phone ) bigg . intercutting with : 118a int . tran pacific boardroom night 118a sly , webb , ramsay and cale be group around a speaker . webb Chief , this be James webb of the f.b.i. I be in Orlando with the executive officer of tran Pacific . can you tell we what 's happen ? bigg the plane 's on the ground and we be negotiate for the passenger ' release . we be gonna swap them fuel for passenger . ramsay have anyone be hurt ? bigg not unless you count one of my officer who get he nose bloody by a fella who say he work for you -- John cutter . sly ( amaze ) cutter 's there ? how would he get off the plane ? bigg he say he be push . sly ( anxious ) be he all right ? put he on . bigg ( to cutter ) pick up that line over there . cutter pick up another phone . cutter ( into the phone ) this be cutter . sly sound like you have be busy . cutter well , I have a hell of a time get the plane on the ground . sly how would you do it ? cutter I dumped the fuel . ramsay , cale and webb can not believe they ear . sly wish he have not ask . cale ( outrage ) he what ? webb he dumped the fuel . sly it be probably a accident ... ramsay he could have kill every passenger on that plane . Chief bigg , this be Stuart ramsay , President of tran Pacific Operations . John cutter do not work for this company . I be instruct you to lock he up until I can determine how many violation of civil air code to charge he with . sly you can not do that , Stuart . cutter 's the only person there who 's train to handle the situation . ramsay cutter be obviously out of he mind and I do not intend to stand by and allow he to further endanger that life . ( turn to cale ) addison ? cale it 's you call , Stuart . bigg turn to two of he officer . bigg fellas , take mister cutter downstairs and introduce he to the dentention room . cutter sly , I be beginning to feel real unpopular . sly there 's nothing I can do , man . just hang in there . the two cop grab cutter and take he away from the phone . cutter ( shouting ) give ramsay a message for I ! tell he I be gonna reach out and touch he -- and it 's not gonna be with a phone ! cutter be hustle out the door . 118b back in boardroom 118b sly turn to ramsay in a fury . sly that be a mistake . ramsay ( tough ) I be do you friend a favor . now back off . sly . I have get a airline to protect . the two man stare dagger at each other . CUT to : 119 & 120 omitted 121 ext . airfield 121 more police and emergency vehicle arrive . a staging area have be set up in front of the terminal with paramedics stand by . a fuel truck sit on the edge of the tarmac , wait for a signal . all eye be glue to the fortress - like 747 . 122 int . 747 - MAIN cabin 122 Vincent , Fiona and the indian guard the passenger from the front of the cabin . wolfgang and Priest join they . wolfgang Change of plan . who 's get the party favor ? Vincent open he jacket to reveal the grenade hook to the lining . wolfgang offer it to the indian . wolfgang mister elk horn , you know what to do . the indian nod solemnly . he put the grenade in he pocket . wolfgang turn and address the passenger . wolfgang good news . in just a minute , half of you will be release . excite reaction . some face , like marti 's , be wary . wolfgang after we have be refuele , the rest of you will follow . now ... who would like to be in the group that go first ? as anticipate , every hand in the cabin shoot up . wolfgang hide a smile . wolfgang you can not all go first . clamor and shouting as individual plead for wolfgang 's attention . to he , they begging be better than a orgasm . marti , who 's see enough , stand up . marti ( to passenger ) stop it ! do not beg he ! can not you see he 's get off on this ? the cabin become silent . wolfgang fix marti with he deadly look . he walk down the aisle to she . marti defiantly stand she ground . wolfgang stand very close to she . wolfgang we brave little stewardess . ( read she name badge ) ' marti . ' the whole plane 's die to know . what happen down there in the lower galley ? you and the hero in that tight little place , two healthy young people face death , wonder if you would ever have another chance to -- tell we , marti , do the hero get into you tight little place ? marti you be sick . wolfgang guess what ? I know that before you do . and you be right . I do get off on people 's suffer . so ... help I get off , marti . ( a beat ) beg I for you life . marti go to hell . wolfgang raise he gun and press the barrel to marti 's forehead . passenger gasp . marti , jaw tremble , continue to stare defiantly at wolfgang . wolfgang ( a sexy whisper ) beg . marti refuse . wolfgang consider , withdraw the gun -- and point it at the nearest person -- a mother with a small child in a aisle seat . it 's the kid with the teddy bear ! marti ( cry out ) please -- do not -- wolfgang close he eye , feel a rush of pleasure . he lower the gun and open he eye . they gleam at marti who feel like she 's be rape . wolfgang thank you , marti . you be very good ... darling . ( announce ) all right . I have decide who will go first . all passenger in row ten through thirty -- passenger in this row brighten . wolfgang -- will go last . wolfgang inhale they disappointment . 122a int . service corridor 122a two cop escort cutter down a long dark passageway , light by dim overhead bulb . they journey from one pool of light to another , disappear into darkness in between . cutter be extremely agitate and get more " street " by the second . he begin to struggle between the two cop who be overweight country boy . cutter ( ranting ) fuck this shit ! no way ! no fuckin ' way you be lockin ' my ass in jail ! you hear what I be sayin ' , you shit -kickin ' , grit - eatin ' motherfucker ? I be not goin ' ! cop # 1 cool it , suntan . cutter fuck you , cottonball ! I be not afraid of you wimpy barney fife ass ! ( to the cop # 2 ) your either , corn pone . cop # 2 ( lose it ) that 's it ! let 's cuff he ! cutter ( defiant ) you try to cuff I and I will definitely fuck you up ! cop # 1 ( angry ) get he under the light ! turn he around ! the second cop shove cutter up against the wall while the first cop pull out he handcuffs . cutter struggle as they brace he and try to get the cuff on . cop # 1 hold still ! cutter hold this ! cop # 1 ( fumble with the handcuffs ) I can not see a goddamn thing ! get he back in the light ! take advantage of the situation and the bad light , cutter suddenly whip around , catch the cop off guard . a couple of lightning fast move and -- snap ! click ! the two cop be handcuff to each other ! they're so amaze that cutter be easily able to push they over . flounder off -balance , the two cop tumble to the floor , tangle together , thrashing to get free . as they struggle to get up , cutter grab one of they gun and aim it at they , cocking back the trigger . the two cop freeze in terror . the look on cutter 's face be murderous . cop # 1 ( plead ) please do not kill we ! cutter 's " murderous look " vanish , replace by he regular look of cool , calculate intelligence . cutter what ? and waste perfectly good bullet ? the two cop realize the whole thing be a act to throw they off guard -- and it work . keeping the gun train on they , cutter walk over to a door mark " janitor . " he open it to reveal a small closet fill with mop and bucket and broom . cutter in. CUT to : 123 omitted 123 124 int . control tower 124 the radio crackle . bigg and the other perk up . wolfgang ( v.o. ) this be wolfgang . be the fuel truck in position ? bigg ( into the microphone ) sure be . wolfgang ( v.o. ) if anyone else come within a hundred foot of this plane during refueling , the remain passenger will be execute . do you read I ? bigg loud and clear . wolfgang ( v.o. ) there will be no communication during the refueling process . ( a beat ) stand by to receive passenger . 125 ext . runway - angle on 747 . 125 emergency slide start inflate and passenger come tumble down , reach the tarmac and run for the terminal . 126 terminal and staging area 126 the meager emergency team be overwhelm by the sudden tidal wave of humanity . 127 int . service corridor 127 cutter lock the two angry cop in the janitor 's closet . then he race down the corridor , respond to the o.s. noise of the evacuation . he disappear up a flight of stair . a series of thumping sound come from the janitor 's closet as the two cop try to break out . suddenly , the door shatter and they come tumble out . 128 ext . runway 128 cutter move through a wave of humanity as passenger continue to de -plane . it 's a madhouse scene so there 's little chance of cutter be discover in the middle of it . cutter stop . he stand very still like a island in the middle of a sea of swarm , move people . he 's get he radar out . it may be a madhouse but cutter 's train eye pick up something out of whack -- something in the distance that send a jolt through he body . 128a cutter' Pov 128a four " passenger " have break away from the crowd and be hurry off in the opposite direction , crossing a grassy field in the direction of the fairground . as they pass the runway light , they be reveal as wolfgang , Priest , Vincent and Fiona . 128b back to cutter 128b he can not help be impressed by wolfgang 's ingenuity . cutter ( to himself ) ' America 's most want . ' out for a moonlight stroll . cutter 's first instinct be to chase after they but it 's too hard -- he 's already be sweep back by the push , shove passenger . maybe he can find a way to intercept they . cutter turn and allow the tide of humanity to carry he toward the terminal . at the last moment , he break away and disappear around the side of the building . 128c ext . front of terminal 128c more car be arrive . most of they contain local who have come to the airfield to rubberneck at the spectacle . cutter see what he 's look for . a big biker and he woman come roaring up to the curb on a monster harley . the woman dismount as cutter arrive . biker ( to cutter ) we see all the car . what 's goin ' on ? cutter you will never believe it . some crazy black guy just steal a big redneck 's motorcycle ! cutter shove the biker to the pavement , hop into the seat , revs the bike and roar off into the night . the biker , sit stupidly on the ground , can not fuck believe it . 129 ext . field 129 wolfgang , Priest , Vincent and Fiona , wear borrow coat and hat , hurry for the light of the fairground . priest ( curious ) what will happen to mister elk horn ? wolfgang he will babysit the passenger until the police rush the plane . then he will detonate the grenade and blow everything to kingdom come . with all that mangle body part , no one will know we be not on board . priest he will do . that ? kill himself for you ? wolfgang of course . would not you ? Priest look uneasy . fiona too bad we can not stay and watch it go ' boom .* vincent why bother ? it will be on the news for the next six month ! they come to a tall cyclone fence . without hesitation , the four terrorist hit the fence , scale it and clamber down to the other side . a pasture separate they from the fairground . wolfgang ( run ) keep move . we be free but we be not clear . 130 ext . runway 130 the last of the freed passenger escape to the terminal . on the 747 , hatch door close . 131 int . 747 - MAIN cabin 131 keeping he gun train on the fifty or so remain passenger , the indian seal the final hatch with he free hand . all eye be on he . with the same hand , he pull the grenade out of he pocket . the passenger shriek and cower . the indian say nothing but the message be clear . " if I pull the pin , we all blow up . " 132 int . control tower 132 stand at the window , Chief bigg be satisfied that the first half of the transaction have go smoothly . Frank alien think something 's fishy . frank they freed a lot more than half . bigg you complain ? frank you gotta admit it 's odd . bigg I can live with odd . Gas she up . Frank give the signal . outside , the fuel truck drive up to the 747 . the door to the control tower open and the two cop stagger in -- bruise , bloody and humiliate . bigg ( roaring ) where be he ? CUT to : 132a ext . pasture 132a cutter ride the harley , rocketing cross -country in the direction of the fairground . he 's run without light but the roar of the bike beneath he be like a warning bell . wolfgang and company appear in the near distance . cutter guide the bike with one hand . in he other hand -- the steal gun , up and ready for action . 132b angle 132b wolfgang and he crew turn and react to the fast - approach harley . the moonlight reveal the rider as cutter . vincent it 's that crazy fucker from the plane ! wolfgang he 's not crazy . ( impressed by cutter 's moxie ) he 's dead . ( whipping out he gun ) take he out ! wolfgang , Vincent , Priest and Fiona OPEN FIRE , lighting up the night . 132c angle 132c cutter bear down on they , returning FIRE . they scatter as cutter come over a rise -- and go airborne . Vincent keep pumping lead at he . one of he shot hit the fuel tank and it explode beneath cutter . cutter and the flame bike go crashing down into a deep ravine . cutter be throw from the harley and hurl into the darkness . vincent bullseye . wolfgang see that he 's dead and meet we at the fairground . ( to Priest and Fiona ) let 's go . they depart as Vincent slide down the ravine , gun up , draw to the wreckage of the smoulder harley . 132d bottom of ravine 132d Vincent arrive . he see the bike -- but no cutter . vincent ( call out ) do not be a shy guy . come out and play . as Vincent turn to look for he , cutter come fly out of the darkness . he tackle Vincent and slam he to the earth . two quick punch and Vincent be out like a light . cutter you be ' it , ' motherfucker . cutter stand , out of breath . he see wolfgang , Fiona and Priest in the distance , enter the fairground . at cutter 's foot be the mangle harley . one of the saddle - bag be open and a leather jacket be hang out . cutter reach down and grab it for a disguise . 132e ext . fairground 132e clang ! a softball hit a bullseye , ring a bell and a board drop out from under a clown , dump he in a tank of water . the crowd cheer and laugh . as the soggy clown climb back on he perch , we see wolfgang , Priest and Fiona come down the midway . wolfgang how far to the rendezvous point ? priest Port Arthur , Texas ? maybe two hundred mile . wolfgang secure some transportation . I will call the rendezvous team and instruct they to hold they position . we will come to they . move . Priest and Fiona nod and scurry off . CUT to : 132f int . control tower 132f while the re-fueling continue , a cop enter with news for bigg . cop some biker say a black guy steal he motorcycle and take off toward the fairground . another cop ( as he hang up a phone ) Chief , we have get report of gunfire come from over near the fairground . chief ( rise anger ) put they both together they spell ' cutter . ' get some man over there and nail he ass . as the cop scramble for the exit ... CUT to : 132g ext . fairground - midway 132g angle down from a big banner that proclaim " county fair -- firework tonite ! " in the crowd , we find cutter on the hunt , effectively disguise in the leather jacket . a loud scream . cutter react but it 's only a couple of teenager on the ferris wheel . cutter continue on , push through the dense crowd . the gun in he pocket be a reassure weight but he 's clearly worried . wolfgang and innocent people be a lethal combination . we rack focus . behind cutter , wolfgang step out of a telephone booth . like a shark , he glide silently up behind cutter and ever so gently poke he gun into cutter 's back . cutter stiffen . wolfgang ( in cutter 's ear ) Lovely night . let 's go for a walk ... hero . cutter do as he 's tell , wonder how the hell wolfgang recognize he . wolfgang Nice ' disguise . ' how do you resist wear a neon sign ? they walk past a distortion mirror . cutter glance at he reflection and see that the back of he leather jacket be decorate with big letter that spell out " aryan army . " cutter ( feel like a chump ) I gotta get some new brain . wolfgang ( amused ) I be curious to know how a black man get into a neo- Nazi bike gang . cutter I promise to introduce they to Michael Jordan . wolfgang a sense of humor . I like that in a corpse . ( as they walk ) now , very gently , remove the pistol from you pocket and drop it into the nearest trash receptacle . any hesitation and I will blow a hole through you spine . and if that 's not incentive enough , I assure you I have no problem with waste a few bystander . as they pass a trash can . cutter carefully remove he pistol and drop it in . wolfgang very good . cutter now what ? wolfgang we walk and we talk . get to know each other . I do not usually care who I kill but in you case I be willing to make a exception . you fascinate I . but first thing first . what happen to the young man I send to kill you ? cutter he 's take a nap in some cow shit . they pass the carousel with its hurdy gurdy music , spin light and happy child . for a brief moment , wolfgang savor the scene with a almost child - like wistfulness . wolfgang quite a fascinating place , would not you agree ? I have never actually be to a county fair before . I have never even be on a carousel . cutter you poor little thing . I will bet you have a deprive childhood . wolfgang my childhood be a nightmare . cutter you be adulthood 's no golden dream . wolfgang and you be no ordinary passenger . who be you ? ( poke cutter with the gun ) if you do not tell I , somebody will die . maybe you ... maybe one of they . cutter 's blood freeze . he look around at the happy , unsuspecting people on the midway . teenager . toddler . mom and dad . a whole cross-section of humanity . wolfgang let 's see . who shall it be ? the fat girl with the ice cream cone ? too easy . how about the sailor try to impress he girl friend ? wait . just the thing . a pair of identical twin ... cutter simply have no choice . cutter my name 's John cutter . wolfgang do not lie . I will know if you lie . cutter I be a security specialist work for tran Pacific . I ask the local cop to let I take you down without cause a scene . they be watch we right now . wolfgang I hardly think so . you be a lone wolf . cutter . I know the breed . I assume you know who I be . cutter I be you biggest fan . wolfgang you be very clever . very resourceful . dump the fuel be quite brilliant . cutter thanks . I have never be compliment by a psychopath before . wolfgang well , it take one to know one . I could use a man like you . cutter , but I be sure you be hopelessly tie to some sense of morality . we be not really that different , you and I . we be both killer . cutter the people I have kill be scum . they have it come . the people you kill be innocent . wolfgang innocent ? who say they be innocent ? I be surprised at you , cutter . have not you figure it out by now ? the world be a hell . it do not matter what we do in it . cutter wolfgang , I hope you will not take this the wrong way ... but you be one sick fuck ... and it 's gonna be a pleasure to kill you . wolfgang ( can not believe cutter 's nerve ) kill I ? cutter , you need a reality check . Fiona come toward they . she recognize cutter . fiona back from the dead ? wolfgang Vincent fail . where 's Priest ? fiona wait with the bus . we borrow it from a Baptist church group . ( indicate cutter ) what about he ? wolfgang we will kill he on the bus and dump he body in the swamp . let 's go . 132h angle 132h Fiona lead cutter and wolfgang down the midway . in the distance sit a batter yellow church bus on the edge of the parking area , belching black exhaust fume , cutter notice police arrive on the scene . the cop be mingling with the crowd , obviously on the lookout . wolfgang see they , too . cutter they be look for I . wolfgang they can not have you . I find you first . they continue along the midway , careful not to attract attention , approach ... 132i OPEN - AIR stage 132i where a pie and cake auction be underway . a folksy auctioneer in a cowboy suit examine the next item , a pit display by its creator , a twelve - year - old cajun girl . auctioneer ( into a microphone ) what do we have here ? look like a lovely pecan pie baked by Suzanne belreve , a sixth grader from natchitoch . mnunnun , that do smell good . I be gonna start the bid at five dollar . who 's gonna gimme six ? as cutter move past the assemble crowd , flanke by wolfgang and Fiona , he realize he have to take a chance , man in crowd six ! another man Seven ! auctioneer Seven . do I hear eight ? voice ( v.o. ) fifty buck ! the crowd let out a collective gasp . head turn , seek the owner of the voice . it 's cutter , wear a big grin . wolfgang and Fiona be momentarily flummox . they can not believe it . on stage , the cajun girl 's eye light up with excitement . fifty dollar ! auctioneer do you say fifty buck ? cutter ( feel generous ) what the hell , make it a hundred ! a bigger gasp . this attract the attention of other people strolling the midway . they drift over to see what 's go on . even the cop be press closer to see who the big spender be . wolfgang feel he power slip away : wolfgang ( hiss in cutter 's ear ) enough . cutter what 's that ? two hundred ? hey ! my buddy here bid two hundred ! now everybody 's look at wolfgang ! just what cutter want . he take advantage of the situation and step away , burrow deeper into the crowd . wolfgang squirm . he look like a rat trap in a corner . this be the first time we have ever see he flustered . auctioneer ( to wolfgang ) be that right , sir ? be you bid two hundred dollar ? wolfgang be in a cold fury . even the cop be look at wolfgang now , wait for he response . wolfgang no. cutter what a cheap ass ! ( stir up the crowd ) you gonna let he get away with that ? wolfgang shrink back as people begin to jeer , give he shit for be a phoney bidder . he give cutter a deadly look . cutter return it with a look of he own . wolfgang turn and take off with Fiona . auctioneer ( to cutter ) what about you , friend ? you be still at two hundred . cutter may have solve one problem but in do so , he 's create another . in the crowd . cutter see the burly Airport cop -- the one he beat up . uh oh . the burly cop see cutter and signal the other cop to close in . cutter Three hundred ! the cajun girl look at she pie . Three hundred dollar . it never occur to she that this be a bluff . auctioneer come on now . fun 's fun but we be talk about a pie . the cop be all around cutter . he realize he only avenue of escape be the stage itself . cutter ( push forward ) you be right ! let I get a better look at it ! cutter leap up on the stage . that 's it . the cop have have enough . gun come out . wrong move . the crowd panic as the cop rush the stage . without fear , the cajun girl step up happily to offer she pie to cutter . cutter hang on to that pie , kid . I will be back for it . ( look around ) I hope . cutter dive through the flimsy stage back and be go . 132j angle 132j suddenly , there 's a loud explosion overhead --a bright flash of light -- the firework show have begin . instead of respond with delight , the crow freak out , think World War III have erupt . the midway become a riot and the cop must try to contain it . 132k parking area 132 k wolfgang and Fiona run to the wait church bus . Priest , in the driver 's seat , pull the lever that open the door . wolfgang and Fiona scramble on board . priest what happen ? wolfgang hit it . Priest shove the bus into gear . but just as it lurch into motion , two military transport truck arrive on the scene , block they getaway . the load door of the transport truck roll open , discharge commandos with assault weapon and " FBI " stencill on they back and chest . in they black body armor and night vision goggle , they look like invader from hell . voice ( v.o. ) ( amplify ) Driver , yellow bus ! this be the f.b.i .! stop you engine ! wolfgang short trip . 132l rear of church bus 132l the emergency exit hatch be kick open . wolfgang and Fiona drop to the ground and take off run low . they head for the midway , the only place where they have a chance . 132m church bus 132 m commandos surround the bus . voice ( v.o. ) ( amplify ) come out with you hand over vour head ! do it now ! the bus door slowly open and Priest step out , hand high in the air . priest thank God ! I be Father seamus o'brien ! they hold a gun to my head ! voice ( v.o. ) ( amplify ) take he down ! two commandos rush Priest , throw he to the ground and cuff he . commando ( from the rear of the bus ; shouting ) exit hatch be open ! a tall man in a black windbreaker and FBI baseball cap step out of the lead transport truck . he 's the man whose amplify voice we have be hearing ... FBI agent , dwight henderson . Henderson be standard FBI issue -- rigid , professional and emotionally detach . henderson ( into he megaphone ) unit one and two -- execute containment plan ! commandos take off in different direction to surround the midway as firework continue to explode overhead . 133 through 148 omitted line of generator truck humming and thrumming , provide the fair with power . two uniform cop run by , search for cutter . 149a angle up 149 a to reveal cutter on the roof of one of the truck , use it for a lookout the FBI and see the point . he have witness the arrival of the commandos fan out to surround the fairground . cutter run along the roof of the truck , jump from one to the next , scout the midway for a glimpse of wolfgang . 149b midway 149b the cop have manage to get the wolfgang and Fiona skulk past a game -- ring toss , water race , crowd under control . row of contest and shoot gallery , etc . wolfgang stop at the entrance to " the House of mirror . ' he turn to Fiona . wolfgang be you prepare to do what 's necessary ? fiona yes . wolfgang indicate the House of mirror . wolfgang go inside . in thirty second I want you to blow the fuck out of the place . break every mirror and make a lot of noise . that will bring the cop and buy I a chance . hold they off for as long as you can , then execute yourself . fiona I understand . wolfgang do not fail I . Fiona nod , the dutiful soldier . wolfgang take off . Fiona enter ... 149d int . house of mirror 149d a empty and dark labyrinth of distortion mirror , create dozen of fionas -- fat one , skinny one , tall one , short one . Fiona take out she gun and pull back the bolt . cutter ( o.s. ) stewardess ? Fiona whirl and see cutter behind she . she fire and cutter explode ! surprise ! he 's a mirror reflection . before Fiona can recover , the real cutter be upon she . he slam a fist into she beautiful , snarling face . midway wolfgang be now some distance from the House of mirror . he wonder why Fiona have not start the diversion . but it 's a moot point because he 's get trouble -- commandos be come up the midway . wolfgang turn and look behind he . cutter -- fifty foot away . cutter stop . he and wolfgang lock eye . they hold it for a long moment . faintly , we hear the hurdy gurdy music of the carousel . wolfgang 's eye drift in its direction . cutter 's do likewise . 149e long shot - carousel 149e with its gaily spin light and happy child . as wolfgang and cutter know , child make the best hostage . cutter no . . . but wolfgang be already run for the carousel . cutter take off after he . he 's get Fiona 's gun but there 's no way he can take a shot . too many people . wolfgang collide with the ticket taker , knock he down . 149f carousel 149f round and round go the colorful carve horse and they merry young rider . the music be louder here . it seem almost dement . suddenly wolfgang be on board -- a wolf among sheep , seek a victim . he zeroe in on a five - year - old boy astride a buck bronco . wolfgang grab the child by the back of he T-shirt , lift he out of the saddle . in the center ring , the ride operator see wolfgang , the child and wolfgang 's gun . terrify , he panic and yank the brake -- too fast . the sudden brake be too much for the over - tax motor . it blows . gear fly apart , shower spark . the carousel begin to spin out of control , shimmy and shaking . Children scream and cling to they horse for dear life . 149g crowd 149g it watch in horror . cutter push through the throng and race to the madly spin carousel . he throw himself on board and smashes into a horse . he bounce off , crash into another horse and be knock around like a pinball . angle wolfgang be throw forward against a pole . he lose he grip on the boy who drop to the spin platform and roll toward the edge . the ground beyond be a dangerous blur . the boy be just about to roll off when cutter dive into frame . he grab the boy just in time and pull he back to safely . cutter ( to the terrify boy ) you be okay . wolfgang you should have let he fall . wolfgang be now stand over they , one hand cling to a stripe pole for support , the other clutching the gun -- aim at cutter and the boy . cutter cock he leg and kick the pole wolfgang be use for support . the pole splinter and wolfgang lose he balance . he fall off the ride . angle wolfgang hit the ground and roll for several yard . the gun fly out of he hand . it skitter across the dirt and wolfgang lunge after it like it be a life line . as he finger close around the gun stock , a foot come down , trapping hand and gun . wolfgang look up . the foot belong to FBI agent Henderson . he