@ 66 " patton " screenplay by francis ford coppola and edmund H. NORTH shoot script February 1 , 1009 '' patton '' ( note : all scene in which Germans speak will be shot in german , with English subtitles . ) fade in ext , platform - mo . view - day we entire frame be fill with the image of a american flag , stretch tight . we hear a jumble of conversation in the b.g.3 ; then : _ voice {o.s . ) at - ten-shun ! now we hear the click of hundred of boot . general GEORGE S. patton , jr. step into we view ; more than six foot tall , he loom high against the b.g. of the flag . he glare down at we , the audience . a military band play the STAR spangled banner , patton come to a smart salute , and we watch he for the dura - tion of the entire anthem . he be straight and husky and as gaudy as a peacock . his helmet be lacquer and shine with four silver star . he wear a tailore tunic , with four star on each shoulder , thirty brightly hued decoration on the leave breast , five horizontal and three diagonal gold stripe on the sleeve . beneath the tunic , he wear a shirt with four star on each lapel , make a total of twenty star . a vivid blue sash be drape across he breast , parallel to one of yellow , a red collar sash weight by another medal hang from he neck . the rest of he costume consist of a gold - buckle belt , with he ivory - handle pistol on either side , riding breech , boot , and a riding crop . four star on the handle of he pistol bring the grand total to twenty - eight star . on he finger he wear four conspicuous ring . series of cut as the anthem continue , we cut to a series of tight shot feature various aspect of patton 's uniform and decoration -- emphasize the cluster of star on he shoulder , he shirt , he pistol . 66 close shot - patton the anthem conclude and he complete he salute . now this twenty - eight -star general scan we carefully . in & vibrant voice , and with a cold , mean look , he speak directly at we : patton at ease , man . I want you to remember that no bastard ever win a war by die for he country , he win it by make the other poor dumb bastard die for he country ... Men , the stuff we hear about America not want to fight , want to stay out of the war , be a lot of horsedung . Americans traditionally love to fight . all real Americans love the sting of battle . when you be kid you all admire the champion marble player , the fastest runner , the big league ballplayer , the toughest boxer . Americans love a . winner and do not tolerate a loser . Americans play to win all the time . I would not give a hoot in hell for a man who lose and laugh . that 's why Americans have never lose , and will never lose a war , for the very think of lose be hateful to Americans , a army be a team . it life , sleep , eat , fight as a team . this individu - ality stuff be a lot of crap . the bilious bastard who write that stuff about individuality for the Saturday even Post do not know any more about real battle than they do about a sock full of silt . we have the finest food , equipment , the best spirit and man in the world . why , by God , I actually pity that poor bastard we be go against -- by God , I do , we will not just shoot the bastard . we be go to cut out they live gut and use they to grease the tread of we tank . we be go to murder that lousy hun bastard by the bushel . many of you boy be wonder whether you will chicken out under fire . do not worry about it ; I can assure you you will all do you duty . the Nazis be the enemy . Wade into they and spill they blood , shoot they in the belly . when you stick you hand into a bunch of goo that a moment before be you best friend 's face ... you 'li know what to cont . @ 66 9 cont . 10 patton ( cont . ) do . there 's another thing I want you to remember . I do not want to get any message say : ' we be hold we position . ' we be not hold anything . let the hun do that . we be advance constantly and be not interested in hold anything , except onto the enemy . we be go to hold onto he by the nose and kick he in the ass . we will kick the hell out of he all the time . we will go through they like crap through a goose . pause ) there 's one thing you man will be able to say when you get home . you may all thank God for it , thirty year from now , when you be sit around the fireside with you grandson on you knee and he ask what you do in the great World War ii , you will not have to say , ' I shovele shit in louvisiana . ' ( pause ) all right -- now you sonsuvbitch kmow how I feel . I will be proud to lead you wonderful guy into battle anytime , anywhere he stare sincerely , almost wet -ey at we for a moment . patton that be all . — _ — note : title to run over scene 10 - 12 ext . desert near kasserine - extreme long shot - day subtitle : NORTH africa - the kasserine pass - february , 1943 we view the enormous sloping desert , baking hot in the midday sun . tank , half - track and self - propel artillery be spread about in the distance . scatter over the hot sand be the body of dead Americans , arab woman and child , dress in brightly color costume , scavenge the uniform , boot and equipment and pack they on heavily laden cameis . a 5 66 il 12 mo . shot - arab women one woman , a infant strapped to she back and a small child help she , strip a soldier totally naked and hurry the precious belonging to the camel pack . the woman work quickly and silently ; there be no game , no joke , no play with the treasure . we hear the sound of motor vehicle approach . another angle shimmer in the rise heat wave , two jeep come into scene and pull up to a halt . in the rear be two american general and , beside the Driver , a Captain who carry cont. 12 cont. 13 14 15 16 a submachine gun . the Major General carry a Springfield ' 03 rifle across he lap . in the other jeep be Bradley 's second aide , who carry a bazooka . the Captain fire a burst of he submachine gun into the air to frighten off the arab woman , and they scurry toward they camel . close shot - major general he shield he eye from the sun as he rise to study the battlefield grimly . he be a tall , lanky , gentle- look man . his face have great strength , but he eye reflect wisdom and understanding . subtitle : major general omar n. BRADLEY , representative of general eisenhower ( note : Bradley will carry @ Springfield in Africa , a carbine in Sicily and a .45 in Europe . ) close shot - captain he be a man in he mid-twenty . he , too , be affect by the scene of carnage . subtitle : captain chester B. hansen , aide to general BRADLEY mo . long shot - there p.0.v. as the camera pan across the bitter scene , the arab woman melt into the arid fold of the desert . two shot - rear of command car beside Bradley be brigadier general carver . { fictitious character -- no subtitle . ) since he participate in the debacle , he be diffident about comment on it -- especially to a representative of General eisenhower . carver the Arabs need food and clothing . they strip we dead before we can even bury they . . BRADLEY ( study the scene ) look like the report be accurate . carver ( consulting a pad ) sixty -one armored vehicle -- forty - five ton of ammunition -- twenty - five 40 mm gun -- three self - propel 105 . not count mortar , machine gun , rifle , pistol , telescope , belt buckle , GI sock . cont. 66 16 cont . 17 18 19 20 carver ( cont . ) ( uneasily ) and one thousand eight hundred man . Bradley 's gaze go back to the silent battlefield . long shot - the battlefield camera explore the stark horror of the silent , desert kill ground . ext . parade ground at marrakech - mo . close shot - mounted kettledrummer - day subtitle : marrakech -- morocco - 1943 the exotically caparison mount drummer filis the screen as he beat he two huge instrument with a flourish . visually as well as auditorially , this be in sharpest contrast to the precede scene . a military band of about one hundred piece be blaring out a martial air . camera pull back to reveal the entire mount band of a@ moroccan regiment of chasseur - a - cheval , with they sheep mascot and bell - cover umbrella . line up behind the band be the regiment , in scarlet uniform , white cape and turban . mo . shot - reviewing stand the colorfully garbe sultan address General patton , whose uniform and decoration be only slightly less bizarre than that about he . sultan my people salute you , General -- for you brilliant amphibious landing on the continent of Africa -- and for you enlighten administration of my country . patton I have enjoy be here , you excellency . but naturally I would prefer to be up at the front in tunisia fight Germans . the sultan nod , place the ribbon of a large disc -shape decoration around patton 's neck , two shot - sultan and patton sultan ( read inscription ) ' the lion in they dens tremble at he approach ' , cont. 20 cont. al 22 23 a4 25 26 patton glance down , eye the decoration . patton ( with genuine pride ) I appreciate that , you excellency . there be a fanfare from the band and they turn to watch . long shot - parade ground play a stir march review , follow by the mo , shot - patton and S '' the band move out to pass in colorful chasseur , ultan with patton 's party be lieutenant colonel henry davenpor , ( fictitious character -- no subtitle ) . at patton 's side be he aide , capwain richard n. jenson . patton be both fascinate and impressed by the color and the pageantry . mo . long shot on the parade ground , a battalion of french territorial infantry in white uniform pass in review , follow by moroccan infantry with + be bristle with excit another angle the strutting commander battalion of legionnaire red epaulet , long shot - parade groun the legion contingent be dress unit -- french with flow cape . the man carry a huge knife suggest the romantic mile he red fourragere , the street ed spectator . of the foreign legion , lead a 's in traditional white cap and id follow by other exotically senegalese , goum on horseback y be fierce - look and each - this french colonial troops itary splendor of the past . two shot - patton and jenson patton be clearly move . this be he dish of tea . cont , 26 cont . a- 26 b- 26 patton ( fervently ) magnificent ! ( to jenson ) I wish we troops look like that ! he and the sultan return the salute of the unit pass . sultan tell I , General what do you think of marrakech ? patton I love it , you excellency . it 's a combination of Hollywood and the Bible . ext , german pow enclosure - mo . shot - day camera move , with barb wire fence in f.g. , along the outside of the pow cage , pick up the face of the american prisoner inside . they be a grim , bearded , dirty and deject lot . camera pick up a immaculate Africa Corps staff colonel stride along outside the wire carry a briefcase . we follow he as he cross to a command car in which be seat a german field marshal , surround by aide and staff officer . mo . shot at command car rommel , goggle on chest , be study a map on which a officer be point out disposition . subtitle : field marshal erwin rommel , commander , africa corp the staff Colonel come into scene , present himself to rommel . colonel Heil Hitler ! he get no response from rommel , colonel you want to see the interrogation report on the american prisoner capture in we victory at kasserine , field marshal . ( he band the briefcase to rommel 's aide ) they be not very good soldier , this Americans . unimpress , rommel be incisive , thoughtful . he give the Colonel a sharp giance . cont . > 66 b-26 cont . 27 rommel I would not be so sure after one battle . they tank be no match for we gun . colonel one could say the same , sir , for they leadership . rommel eye the Colonel evenly . he 's not that easily flatter . . rommel they be not under american command at kasserine . they be under british General Anderson -- do you know that ? colonel ( undaunted , he smile ) british commander and american troops . they have the worst of everything ! rommel I remind you that Montgomery be a british commander . and he have drive we halfway across Africa . colonel in any case , we have meet the Americans for the first time and defeat they ... personally , I feel extremely optimistic . rommel eye he with dry disdain . rommel you can afford to be a optimist . I can not . ext , U.S. ii corp headquarters , djebel kouif town square - full shot - day the jeep bear Bradley , carver and hansen drive up in front of the headquarters . loung dejectedly outside be a group of unkempt gis , bearded and unsoldierly , they straggle to they foot , some manage a rag salute . it be clearly e unit without discipline or morale , a unit that 's suffer defeat . Bradley and carver return the salute as they step out of the jeep . Bradley study the soldier closely as the jeep pull away and hansen go on inside . 66 28 two shot - BRADLEY and carver BRADLEY ( quietly , as he eye the soldier ) this man fight at kasserine ? carver ( uneasily ) yes , sir . Bradley move to go inside , change he mind , turn to carver , ask for frankness . BRADLEY John , General eisenhower send I down here to make a report and I have get to lay it on the line . what go wrong ? carver everything . second-rate to -- bad intelligence -- green troops ... so green some of the boy mark we mine field for they own protection and forget to take the flag down . BRADLEY ( eyeing he shrewdly ) Green commander , too ? carver yes , sir . BRADLEY for the american Army to take a lick like that we first time at bat against the Germans -- ( he shake he head ) up against rommel we need the best tank man we have get . somebody tough enough to pull this outfit together . carver ( with a quick , apprehensive glance ) George patton ? BRADLEY ( enigmatic ) possibly -- carver God help we . 66 29 ext . the desert - extreme full view - dawn we see the distant apparition of a chain of military vehicle kick up the dust as it speed along the desert , silhouett before a great rise rosy sun . a siren wail , come out of nowhere and grow louder and louder , until the half - track , with banner fly and machine gun fore and aft , come at we as ostenta ~ tiously as a fire engine . 66 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 10 mo . shot General patton , in a bulky trench coat , stand upright in the armored car , he face grimace into the wind , a caesar in he chariot . ext , djebel kouif town square - full shot - day the caravan roar into the decrepit square opposite the schoolhouse that serve as ii Corps headquarters . Arabs scurry through the street in the midst of & cackle exodus of camel and chicken . another . angle the caravan come to a halt before the schoolhouse where a single sentry stand sloppily at he post . patton step over the side of he car , follow by a Lieutenant and a Captain . patton regards the town square and the scruffy - look soldier loung in it , he face freeze in the same expression as when it be blow by the wind . patton' p.o.v. group of unshaven gis , wear sweater and field jacket , yawn and indescribably slack , pyll themselves to they foot . most of they manage a rag series of salute . other simply watch with mild curiosity . close shot - patton his jaw tighten , he eye begin to flash . two shot - captain and lieutenant they eye the General apprehensively . jenson be a young man , stiller in he mid-forty . subtitle : captain richard n. jenson and lieutenant alexander C , stiller , aide to general patton close shot - patton eye flash , rage barely under control , he draw he - self up and snap off a ultrasmart salute to the rag crew , turn on he heel , he pass a crudely build sign designate ii Corps headquarters , on which a chicken squat . nearby a arab peddler lean , unimpress , against a pen of chicken . — _ 37 38 39 66 12 angle at entrance ii corp headquarters the sentry , without tie and need a shave , pull he - self to attention as patton approach . the man manage a salute , then stare at patton with a sleck - jaw and not unfriendly smile . patton 's eye widen . incapable of speech , there issue from within . he a volcanic rumble that be almost a retch . fail to return the man 's salute , he stride into the building . jenson sentry , . where 's the duty Officer ? sentry Sir , I do n!t rightly know . . jenson be he in the building ? sentry Sir , I be under the impression he be not . visibly irritate , jenson go on into the building , follow stiller . int . ii corp headquarters - day jenson follow stiller down the corridor , which be quite dark because the blackout curtain have not yet be pull open . patton can be see down the corridor , open door , glance inside , slamm they shut again , he open a map room door and step inside , follow by stiller . int . map room - full shot seat in the map room be a young second 's lieutenant , smile contentedly , he foot up on a table , read ae magazine . see patton and stiller , he nervously hop to attention . stiller what be you do , Lieutenant ? lieutenant ( flustered ) well , sir , I -- I be on map room duty , sir , stiller that you map ? cont. 66 12 39 cont . 4o 41 lieutenant ( toss magazine aside no , sir -- it 's definitely not amap , sir . patton turn and stride out , follow by stiller . int , another office - full shot as jenson enter . there be several desk in the make - shift office , at one of which sit a sleep lieutenant . a sergeant concentrate intently on a solitaire layout . patton and stiller appear in the corridor outside , pause to overhear the conversation . jenson lieutenant ! the Lieutenant pop upright , pull himself to he foot . the sergeant merely look up ; he 's see a lot of captain . jenson ( sternly ) where 's the duty Officer ? lieutenant Sir , he -- I think he 's at he quarter , shave . jenson why be not he here on duty ? lieutenant I guess he need a shave . ( grin ) we have get a new commanding general due in today . patton appear in the doorway , he face look like a storm at sea . the Lieutenant instantly lose he grin . he hit a rigid attention , yell at the card - play sergeant . lieutenant ( frenziedly ) forbe ! snap to ! patton turn on he heel with a growl of rage and disappear . int , corridor - following patton he angrily move down the dark corridor . we move faster and faster to keep up with he , until there be a dull clunk and patton practically fall flat on he face . we hear a groan and then : cont . 43 41 cont . 42 43 voice who the hell 's kick I in the butt ! a private , who have be curl asleep on the corridor floor , rise , about to punch whomever it be in the nose , when he realize that he be face to face with General patton . private ( come to a salute ) oh ! sorry , sir . jenson what be you do down there , soldier ? private ( decisively ) try to get some sleep , sir . patton . well , get the hell back down there , son . you be the only sonuvabitch in this headquarters who know what he 's try to do ! private yessir . int , stairway and second -floor corridor - mo , shot someone pull aside heavy blackout curtain , let in some light . sergeant william GEORGE meek , patton 's negro orderly , and a coupie of other enlist man carry the General 's personal gear -- a footlocker mark with he name and rank , etc . -- up the stair , patton himself pass this bearer on he way upstairs , be meet by stiller as he reach the second floor . stiller General Bradley 's wait in you office , sir . ( point to a office ) down at the end of the hall . patton and stiller move off down the hall as , unseen by they , a couple of enlist man carry by we a footlocker mark major general lloyd R. fredendall . int , ii corp commanding general' office - full shot the spacious room be bare and depersonalize , have be just vacate . Bradley stand at a window , wait . cont . > } 43 cont. ( o.2 . ) patton' voice o68 . Brad ! how the hell be you ! patton come into scene and the two man shake hand . BRADLEY Fine , George . good to see you . ( check he watch ) we be all under the impression that you would not be here until 0900 . patton I gather that . you lmow my boy , do not you ? Dick jenson and Al stiller . Bradley nod with a smile .. patton plant himself behind the desk , light a cigar . patton tell I , Brad -- what be you do here ? a BRADLEY ike want a report on this kasserine setback . meanwhile , I be suppose to stay here in you headquarters -- as a observer -- but I report directly to ike . his mey and ear ' be the way he put it . patton ( grin ) I see - a spy ! ( turn to jenson ) get I General eisenhower 's headquarters . jenson pick up the phone . jenson ( into phone ) ally Force headquarters . patton what really go wrong at kasserine ? I have only see the preliminary report . BRADLEY apparently everything go wrong . we would send over a 75 mm shell , the kraut would return a 68 , they tank be diesel -- even when we manage to hit they they keep run . the man call we tank ' purple heart box . ' one hot piece of shrapnel 66 and the gasoline explode . ww cont. 15 43 cont.1 patton T warn they about the tank . BRADLEY I talk to one soldier about the half - track . ask he if machine - gun fire pierce the armor . he say , ' no , sir -- the bullet only come in one side and rattle around a bit .! patton I hear we have trouble coordinate the air cover . BRADLEY the trouble be no air cover . jenson ( hand he telephone ) General Smith on the line , sir . patton ( into phone ) beetle , I be call about Bradley and he job here ... look , I need @ good number two man . I want to make Brad my deputy commander ... okay ? you clear it with ike . he hang up , take a mean puff of he cigar , scowl up at Bradley shrewdly . patton now you be not spying for ike anymore -- you be work for I . ( challenging ) okay ? BRADLEY Fine . patton turn to jenson . patton Dick -- you get that star ? jenson ( with a grin ) yes , sir . patton well , let 's get them on . cont. 66 16 43 cont.2 jenson produce a handful of shiny three - star collar piece . patton sit down behind the big desk as stiller on one side and jenson on the other start to pin on the new insignia . a expression of doubt flash across Bradley 's face ; patton notice it . patton Hell , I have be nominate by the President . BRADLEY but it be not official until it 's approve by the Senate . patton ( grin ) well -- they have they schedule end I have mine . BRADLEY ( watch the aide work ) George , if you be name Admiral of the turkish navy , I will bet you @ide could dip into they haversack and come up with the appropriate badge of rank , . ( with a grin ) anyway -- premature congratulation . they ceremonial duty over , stiller go out and jensén busy himself arrange a desk for himself . patton rise and cross to a mirror to inspect he new rank . Bradley cross to the window . patton that star would look a lot better on a green shirt ... do I ever tell you I once design a uniform for tank crewmen ? it be green leather with red stripe , sort of a row of brass button here and top by a gold football helmet . ( wistfully ) the Army reject it . but damn , it be beautiful . camera move in on Bradley at the window , look down into the street below . ane we . 45 ~— 46 47 4g . 50 51 17 bradley' p.0.v . general fredendall , in a jeep with a driver and one aide , be say good - bye to a couple of he staff officer . it be obviously a dispirite and uncomfortable farewell . full shot - office Bradley indicate the street below to explain what he 's be look at . BRADLEY Lloyd fredendall 's just leave . patton cross to the window . out ext , town square - mo . long shot fredendall 's jeep barrel out of the square and disappear . camera pan to patton 's command car , where two driver be replace a huge two -star plate with a huge three - star plate . int . commanding general' office - full shot Bradley and patton be still watch down below . Bradley turn to patton . BRADLEY George , there 's one other thing I put in my kasserine report . some of we boy be just plain scared . patton they '1l get over that . even the best foxhound be gun - shy the first time out . I can remember when nothing scared I worse than the idea of a bullet come straight for my nose . I do not know why , but somehow the idea of get it straight in the nose be just more horrible than any other possibility . BRADLEY ( a wry smile ) I can understand that , George , with such a handsome nose . cont . wy 66 52 cont . 18 patton ( relighting he cigar ; he pull on it fiercely ) you want to know why this outfit get the hell kick out of it ? a blind man could see it in five minute ! they do not look like soldier -- they do not act like soldier -- why should they fight like soldier ?! BRADLEY no question about it -- the discipline 's pretty poor . patton ( look at he watch ) start in fifteen minute , we be go to turn this boy into razor - sharp fanatics . ( vesuvius prepare to erupt ) . this man may lose they fear of Germans , but by God they ' 11 never lose they fear of I ! 53 ext . djebel kouif town square - mo . shot - day patton and jenson cross the square on they way to the officer ' mess hall . 54 int . officer ' mess hall - mo . shot a few sleepy officer have begin to straggle in as patton enter , with jenson in tow . a cheerful cook approach . cook up bright and early , General . Breakfast ? patton be I to understand that my officer have all finish they breakfast ? cook we be open from six to eight . most of the officer be just come in , sir . patton ( indicate officer enter ) inform this officer that the mess hall be close . cont. 66 19 54 cont . 55 56 cook but , sir , it 's only a quarter to eight . patton after this , you open at six o'clock and no one be admit after six - fifteen ... where be you legging ? cook ( startle ) legging ? Hell , General , sir , I be a cook . patton you be a soldier ! ( over he shoulder , to jenson ) a twenty dollar fine . scowl , patton turn away from the flabbergasted cook to the other present . patton you all hear I . beginning now , man without legging or helmet or tie - man with unshine shoe and soile uniform -- be go to get skinned for it ! two shot - patton and jenson pan with they as they move away , patton growl to ~ jenson quietly . patton hit ‘em in the pocketbook and they will remember . int . improvised squad room - mo . shot - day this be a large room that 's be convert into enlist man 's quarter , with row of bunk , combat gear , etc . as patton , accompany by jenson , sweep through the empty room , he eye fall on a pinup tack to the wall . we get a glimpse of a raw , provocative pose of a enormously bosome girl . patton pause , he puritan outrage unmistakable . patton this be a barrack -- not a bordello ! he tear the picture off the wall , ball it up and throw it down sternly . then he march out , oq 66 57 a- s7 58 20 ext . outdoor latrine ~ trucking shot camera follow patton in f.g. as , in go from squad room to town square , he happen to pass a row of canvas stall , follow by jenson , seat in each stall be a soldier , reveal from the neck up . patton speak curtly as he pass the first stall . the soldier inside be hat - less . patton no helmet -- twenty dollar . npass tha second stall ) no helmet and no legging -- twenty - five dollar . he cross to the third stall where a very young and sharply turn - out GI sit at attention , a polished helmet on he head . he look straight ahead , but he face wear a vacuous and slightly pain expression appropriate to what he 's do . patton now that man look like a soldier ! ext . djebel kouif town square - mo . shot - day patton and jenson cross the square to the building be use for a hospital . they be trail by wide - aye urchin . patton I do not admit the existence of ' battle fatigue . ' once you concede its reality , you admit the reality of demoralization . and you can not win battle with demoralize troops . that sort of thing have to be stop or you get ean uncontrollable infection ... like conscientious objection . int . rear area hospital - mo . shot patton , follow by jenson , move down the aisle of the busy ward , where he be meet by a medical officer . nurse and other medical personnel ( except this medical officer} all wear helmet . patton ( he 's get a head of steam up ) I understand you have two case of self - inflicted wound . medical officer yes , sir -- we do . cont . oq 66 58 cont . patton get they out of here . medical officer Sir , one of they 's develop a serious infection . patton I do not give a damn if he croak . get he somewhere else , but out of here . they do not belong in the same Building as boy who have be wounded in battle . medical officer naccede without agree I will see that they be move , sir . patton another thing -- there will be no " battle fatigue 's in my command ... that 's a order ! medical officer yes , sir . patton ( growl contemptuously ) Battle fatigue be a free ride ; a little yellow - belly 's ticket to a hospital ... I be not go to subsidize cowardice . medical officer ( eyeing the General blandly ) yes , sir -- patton have start to turn away , but something in the doctor 's tone pull he back . patton where 's you helmet , Doctor ? medical officer I do not . wear a helmet when I be in the hospital , General . patton oturn to leave ) start . cont . ( a ) se 66 22 58 ccont . 1 59 60 medical officer ( after patton ) I can not use my stethoscope when I be wear my helmet ... patfon ( realize he 's be challenge ) then cut two hole in you helmet so you can . and get that yellow - belly out of here today . ext , desert - mo . long shot - late afternoon a two -and-a-half - ton truck be park out on the desert beside the dusty , desert road . there be nothing else to be see for mile . camera move in on truck , come to rest as it reveal a sergeant recline in the cab , smoking while he watch a pfc stand beside the cab shave . the soldier 's tin mirror and helmet full of water rest on the hood of the truck . sergeant you know what 's so important in the back of this truck ? preoccupy with shave , the pfc shake he head . sergeant . shoe polish . pfc shoe polish ?! sergeant georgie patton be a nut about spit and polish . if I let you turn up at he headquarters without a shave , you would get a month in the stockade . there be the sound cf a approach vehicle , then the insistent honk of a horn . the sergeant , irritate , stick he hand out of the cab , without look , and motion the other vehicle ahead . sergeant ( impatiently ) come ahead , you silly bastard ! another angle at truck revealing a jeep as it drive up alongside the soldier shave . beside the sergeant driver ( Bradley 's driver ) the jeep contain a three - star and a two -star general -- cont. 23 60 cont. patton and Bradley . the shave soldier gulp , face suddenly with all that brass . he shift he razor awkwardly , manage a salute . patton frown sternly ) what 's in that helmet , soldier ? pfc Water , sir -- ( helplessly indicate sergeant ) he tell I to shave . patton need I want you head in that helmet -- not water ! with the back of he hand , patton sweep the helmet off the hood of the truck . patton oo now pick it up and wear it ! as the pfc retrieve he helmet , patton gesture to he driver and the jeep roar on out of scene . the pfc be . stunne by this general who materialize out in the desert and disappear in a matter of second . pfc ( to sergeant ) you tell I he want everybody to shave . sergeant I also tell you he be a nut ! 61 mo . close shot - moving jeep patton be study the terrain ahead . patton turn right here , driver . driver Sir , the battlefield be straight ahead . patton do not talk back to I , sergeant . y I can smell a battlefield . BRADLEY ( quietly ) George , he be out here just yesterday . bs cont. 24 oc ) 61 cont. 62 63 64 65 66 patton ( insistently ) it 's over there . turn right , dammit ! the Driver make the turn as order . ext , - view through ruins - dusk as the jeep approach from the distance . - camera move along the silent eternal ruin of what be once a aqueduct . the car come to & stop , patton , dwarf by the structure , step out and look up at the ancient ruin in awe . the wind make a eerie sound through the stone . mo . shot Bradley step out of the car , move closer to patton . patton ( quietly ) it be here . the battlefield be here . ( pause ) the carthaginian defend the aqueduct be attack by three Roman legion . the carthaginian be proud and brave , but they could not hold , massacre . arab woman stripped they of they tunic , they sword , they lance . the soldier lay naked in the sun ... close shot - BRADLEY listen , puzzle , as the strange wind whistle . patton ( o.s. ) .-. two thousand year ago . two shot - patton and BRADLEY patton I be there , Brad . ( with a faint smile ) you do not believe I , do you ? Bradley do not react . patton you know what the poet say -- cont , 66 65 cont . 25 patton ( cont . ) ( quote -- and give it every - thing ) ' through the travail of age , midst the pomp and toil of war , have I fight and strove and perish countless time upon the star . 66 close shot ~ BRADLEY as he listen , study patton . 67 two shot patton' voice ( o.s . ) so as through a glass and darkly the age~- long strife I see patton where I fight in many guise , many name -- but always I . ' ( after a suitable pause for effect ) you know who the poet be ? BRADLEY no. patton ( with a sudden grin ) me. 68 int . map room - ii corp headquarters - mo . shot - day patton have have the. map room totally revampe and it be now a elaborate and buzzing center of chart and information . colonel gaston bell ( fictitious character - no subtitle ) , be conduct a briefing for patton , Bradley , jenson , stiller , hansen and several other officer , use a map . 69 close shot - colonel bell bell there 's a opportunity here for we to mount a cffensive . we have concentrate on harass the enemy 's flank , to draw he strength away from the british . however , it appear now that we could split the Africa Corps and drive through rommel to the sea . 66 70 ah 26 full shot patton ( sardonically ) sorry , Bell -- that territory be reserve for General Sir Bernard Law Montgomery . we be suppose to let he win this one -- ( sarcastically ) -- no matter how long it take he to do it . BRADLEY they be entitle to have they hero . after all , Montgomery push rommel clear across North Africa . patton what about the Americans ? they need a hero , too , do not they ? BRADLEY ( with a quiet smile ) you have anybody in mind , George ? jenson énter . jenson Excuse I , sir , Air vice marshal coningham be here with General buford . patton rise , dismiss they with a nod . patton ( with a grim smile ) Excuse I , gentleman , while I ask we limey friend what 's happen to we air cover . , ( as they go ) round one with the british come up . the officer file out and jenson enter , escort AIR vice marshal sir arthur coningham and lieutenant general harry buford ( fictitious character - no subtitle ) . two shot - patton and buford as the two man greet and shake hand . patton Harry -- how be you ? rn 72 73 74 66 27 three shot - patton , buford and coningham as patton turn to coningham . buford George , you know Arthur coningham -- patton ( size up he man as they shake hand ) Sir Arthur -- close shot - coningham coningham delighted to see you , General . I have hear so much about you . subtitle : AIR vice marshal sir arthur coningham , commander , tactical AIR force back to scene buford ( try to exercise diplomacy ) it appear , gentleman , there 's be some misunderstanding here , and ike think we ought to get thing straighten out -- . patton no misunderstanding at all , Harry . we be suppose to have ally air cover and we do not get it . german plane have be strafing my troops -~ same as they do to Lloyd fredendail . coningham if I may say so , General , I be afraid you operation report be inaccurate -- patton report ? Three day ago that ut take off after my command car -- run my ass into a ditch ! coningham stiffly ) my staff have assure I we have complete air supremacy everywhere in the Mediterranean . cont . vy 66 28 74 cont . 75 76 77 78 patton when I complain about inadequate air support , you say we troops be ' not battleworthy ' . you speak about ' the discredite practice of use air force as a alibi for lack of - success on the ground '.. , bad enough . I have to play nursemaid to Montgomery -- I do not have to stand for that ! coningham I sincerely apologize for that remark -- whoever make it . {with a smile ) and I promise you one thing , General -- you will see no more german plane . in that instant , without time even for the raise of patton 's eyebrow , four heinkel fighter - bomber roar over the building , spattering machine - gun fire . the room rock , plaster flake from the ceiling , and the three man flatten themselves on the floor . three shot on floor a satisfied patton look over at he . fellow officer , resplendent in they uniform . patton you be discuss air supremacy , Sir Arthur -- just then the window shatter . mo . shot patton be up ; buford go to the door . patton look out the shattered window . patton' p.0o.v. the four low - fly fighter - bomber strafing the street . the Arabs run . a herd of camel panic and stampede . int , map room - mo . shot ~ patton look at that camel run ! buford try but can not open the door . buford damn door will not open . cont. 79 80 81 82 29 @ 78 cont. patton leap over the window ledging , enthralled by the spectacle of the camel stampede . patton go ahead , you bastard ! take e shot at I ! right in the nose ! buford get back in here , George , we need @ corps commander , not a casualty . up angle at heinkel it soar down , all gun go . ext . build - mo . shot - patton camel stampede all around he . from a shoulder holster he draw a pistol , fire at the plane . the fighter - bomber soar off as quickly as they come . patton peer back at the amaze group of officer . buford offer he arm to get patton back into the building . coningham shake he head . coningham now how the devil do you ever manage to stage that ? patton ( enormously pleased ) if I could find the Nazi sonsuvbitch who fly that plane , I would mail they each a medal . ext . temporary U.S. military cemetery - mo . shot - night the cross over the grave -- and a occasional Star of David -- be see as silhouettes in b.g. as patton and jenson walk along beside the cemetery on a little rise . patton I can not get over how cold the night be in the desert . jenson awfully cold , sir . another angle as patton walk up the little rise toward camera , pause to look out into the sparkling , clear desert night . patton rommel 's out there some place , wait for I . cont. 82 cont. 30 jenson yes , sir . patton I want to fight the champ . if you lose , you have lose to the champ and it 's no disgrace . if you win , you be the new champ ... if I have my way I would send that genius sonuvabitch a engrave invitation in iambic pentameter -- a challenge in two stanzas to meet I alone out in the desert . jenson I will deliver it . patton rommel in he tank and I in mine . we would stop at twenty pace , climb out of the turret and shake hand . then we would button up and do battle -- just the two of we . and that battle would decide the outcome of the war . . jenson too bad jousting 's go out of style . it 's like you poetry , General -- it be not part of the twentieth century . patton yeah , maybe so . the world grow up . helluva shame ... Dick , I want guard post around this area . if we do not , the damn Arabs will dig they up to get they uniform . jenson yes , sir . patton I want this man take care of , we grave must not disappear into the sand like all the other who fight here -- the Greeks , the Roman , the carthaginian . ( after a pause ; suddenly ) I hate the twentieth century ! patton turn and walk away . jenson , fascinate , watch he go . 66 83 8k 31 int . reichschancellery map room - full shot - day it be a large room with situation map of the Russian and North African front on the wall , noncom make minor adjustment of the front line and troop disposition . Young woman in uniform - the " grey mice " - operate a communication network that keep the room alive with cold , automated sound . captain steiger , a junior staff officer whose gentle , studious manner suggest the university rather than the wehrmacht , make he way across the bustling room to general jodl , who study one of the wall map , compare some data he hold in he hand . jodl be a small , thin , pallid man with a highly nervous manner . ( steiger be fictional - no subtitles . subtitle : colonel general alfred jodl , hitler' chief of staff steiger ( present himself to jod1 ) Captain oskar steiger report , sir . jodl come with I , steiger . int . rommel' office - full shot rommel sit behind the desk , a handkerchief to he aching face , suffer a acute and painful attack of nasal diphtheria . jodl escort steiger in . jodl field marshal -- I hope you be feel better -- rommel dismiss this with a impatient gesture . jodl Captain steiger here be at you disposal . he have be assign to research the american General patton . rommel very well . what do you have for I ? steiger oconsult notes} General patton come of a military family . his grandfather be a hero of the american Civil War . he be educate at the Virginia military Institute and tiest Point . cont . @ 66 8 cont. , 32 rommel you be not tell I anything about the man . steiger Sir , he write poetry and believe in reincarnation . he 's one of the richest officer in the american Army . he pray on he knee , but he curse like a stable boy , and he have one stand order : ' always take the offensive -- never dig in . ' jodl Excuse I , field marshal -- we see the fuehrer in fifteen minute . he will want to lmow what you propose to do about patton 's force . rommel I will attack and annihilate he . ( he add quietly before he do the same to I . 85 int , patton' bedroom - dawn meek and jenson enter quietly . as meek open the heavy curtain , jenson move to a sleep patton . a book have fall on the floor next to he . jenson pick it up . 86 close shot - book the clearly legible title be the tank in warfare , by erwin rommel 87 back to scene jenson General ... General ... patton ( waking ) what be it ? jenson Sir , we intercept a german radio message : rommel 's tenth panzer be go to hit we near El guettar . patton ( to himself , eagerly ) rommel . 88 ext . the battlefield - morning group of camel and Arabs move off in the distance as though intuitively forewarn of the impending battle . 66 89 90 gl 92 93 94 95 96 ot 33 new angle on the silent , golden desert . everything be still now . int , patton' bedroom - morning sergeant meek be dress patton with practice efficiency and skill . neither speak but there be a certain solemnity recalling year before when warrior prepare for battle . the polished leather belt , the cavalry pants , the boot -- all with a quality of ritual -- be place on patton . mo . shot - artillery emplacement noncom wear a air of excitement . the man be tense , wait . gun and man be hide on side and back of hill dune . int , patton' bedroom meek solemnly brushes the uniform and then place the three - star helmet on patton 's head as though he be the archbishop of canterbury . patton can see himself stare back from the mirror . he be frightening . patton all my life I have want to lead a@ lot of man in a desperate battle . now I be go to do it . ext , the battlefield - long shot - day a german scout car appear from a fold in the valley , reconnoiter the area , its commander scan the terrain with binocular . reverse angle ( through binoculars ) shoot toward the american position but revealing nothing . mo , shot - scout car the commander lower he binocular , speak into a radio . the scout car turn and disappear into a wadi . ext , observation post - the battlefield Bradley 's radio- equip jeep make it up the tough climb to the command post . the sunlight glint in he spectacle give he a clear , ’deadly seriousness as he join hansen and he second aide and one or two other officer at the o.p . ext , patton' observation post perch on the hill . patton stand in he armored command car , machine gun fore and aft , scan the terrain with binocular , jenson beside he . american tank can be see in position of concealment . cont , 34 97 cont. patton ( @ smile of satisfaction ) look. 98 there p.o.v . 99 100 101 102 103 66 in the distance a full battalion of german infantry march toward the basin in a battle formation that suggest the classic . the column be seemingly endless , wind in and around the hill and wadis of the distance like a snake . ext , bradley' observation post - close shot - BRADLEY watch through he binocular . BRADLEY battalion strength ... at least . long shot the german infantry begin a series of geometric move - ment , deploy into combat formation . another long angle we barely hear german command shout as the company break rhythmically into smaller group ami then , in turn , smaller yet . moving shot under camouflage nets the american gun position , with double foxhole dig near the gun . the hot sun throw pattern through the camouflage netting . small group of infantry wait near the gun crew . ext , patton' observation post - mo . shot patton and jenson watch silently . jenson they have not spot we position yet . patton they will get a education in about twenty second ... wait will they get a dose of that time - fire . camera move in close on patton . binoculars to he eye , he be tense , barely able to control he inner excitement . 104 105 106 107 108 109 will . i212 : 35 ext . aerial view on the basin the infantry be through the bottleneck , proceeding without know the position of the Americans . they move closer , closer -- and suddenly the american artillery open up with devastating air burst , stun the infantry and temporarily send they into disorder . they be quickly reorganize and now the offensive be reassert . view from patton' observation post the insect infantry crawl forward to serious casualty . close shot - patton patton what a helluva way to waste fine infantry . , new full angle the german troops move into the blaze deatn-deal line of U.S. fire . suddenly we notice sixty Nazi tank come through the El guettar pass , charge across the plain after the infantry . they seem like beetle run - hing back and forth on the plain , scurrying blindly along , stop and almost wave they antennae , run again , like small bead in the distance . new angle - long shot the artillery shell burst in the air like ugly flower . it be truly a color spectacle , the gold and blue of the desert terrain and the sudden black blossoming of the air burst . ; up angle as four heinkel fighter - bomber roar down from out of the sky . p.o.v. of the heinkel swoop down on the contest below , bombing a column of american tank move under cover of a wadi . two tank be hit and burst into yellow flame . mo , shot '' the blast have practically split the lead sherman apart . the crewmen leap out . ext , patton' command post - mo , close shot - patton we can see the flame smoke rise from the tank . cont . @ 36 112 cont . 113 1i4 115 116 patton {to jenson , fiercely ) Dick -- go tell General Bradley to hit ‘em hard on that right flank . here 's where we hold them by the nose and kick ‘em in the ass . jenson leave . mo , shot - bradley' observation post jenson clamber up the rocky hillside to Bradley 's position . he find Bradley and hansen watch the battle . yelling above the din , jenson be relaying patton 's instruction to Bradley , when the sound of approach aircraft be hear . jenson and a sergeant take cover in a small rocky fold in the ground . Bradley and hansen dive into ditch . long shot - german heinkel approach . mo , shot - bradley' observation post with Bradley 's ditch in f.g. Bradley 's long leg can be see stick up out of the shallow ditch -- also he Springfield rifle , ransen ( yell over noise of approach plane ) get you leg down , General ! BRADLEY ( he try , grin ) ' fraid they be too long , Chet . the plane roar over , they bomb explode as they hit . one enormous explosion hit between Bradley 's ditch and the spot where jenson and the sergeant have take cover . debris fill the screen . mo . close shot - BRADLEY as the debris clear , he pick up he precious Springfield , find a jag hole in the stock . he work the bolt , eject a shell , then shove the bolt home , satisfied the piece work . he look o.s. , be sober by what he see . 66 117 118 - 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 37 mo . shot Bradley rise , move over to where the sergeant be bend over the lifeless body of jenson . recognize that jenson be dead , Bradley be deeply affect . BRADLEY ( to sergeant ) put he on my jeep . we long shot - the battlefield as the german tank advance toward camera , there suddenly appear behind they , emerge from a wadi on the german leave flank , a group of american tank . they cut in sharply and open fire on the Germans from the rear . mo . shot - german tank the tank commander have spot the Americans , and the tank lumber slowly around to meet the new threat . int , german tank - full shot a explosion rock the tank . the tank commander yelis something indistinguishable to he driver , who frantically try to wheel the vehicle around . close shot - german tank commander look through he periscope , he eye widen . ext , the battlefield - long shot german tank be wheeling to meet the threat to they rear as american armor pour out of the wadi , fire . ext , turret of german tank - mo . shot there be a explosion as the turret take a hit , the hatch spring open and belching smoke . long shot - battlefield now the battle in full perspective . the american tank have catch the Germans by surprise and cut across they rear , while the anti-tank position which have be threaten continue to fire . every so often there be a direct hit and a german tank go up in smoke . ext . american tank - full shot the tank do a screeching pinwheel movement , turn about and fire at the flank of a german tank , 66 134 136 137 138 139 140 wi 142 143 38 mo , shot - side of german tank the shell hit and the tread spring apart with a screech - ing sound . full shot - german tank the hatch open and the Germans , face - blacken from the flame , leap out -- one of they actually on fire . mo , long shot - american infantry the line of skirmisher have take cover as a german tank fire at they with its machine gun . another angle revealing german infantry advance on the Americans , take cover behind the tank . they fire at the american infantryman and the Americans fire back . mo . shot - german tank it head for the line of american infantry . mo , shot - american bazookaman he line up he sight and fire the weapon . as the bazooka round hit , the tank explode . ext . patton' observation post - angle on patton he put the binocular to he eye . we see : that many of the german tank be aflame . less than thirty be turn to escape . slow dolly in on patton look through binocular , patton ( the high possible level of jubilation ) rommel , you stupid bastard , I read you book ! longer angle - patton' observation post patton be in b.g. face away from camera , still trium - phantly scan the battlefield . into f.g. come Bradley 's jeep , with the General in the front seat and jenson 's body laid across the rear seat . preoccupy , patton be pay no attention as Bradley get out of the jeep , walk slowly over toward patton . a usd '' we 1h6 147 versus 66 39 ext . deserted tunisian farmhouse - wide shot - late day on a rise , in outline against the redden sky , be a two - wheel ammunition caisson . atop the caisson be a stretcher on which be a man 's body in a white GI mattress cover , camera move in . patton' voice ( o.8 . ) Captain Richard n. jenson be a fine boy - leyal , unselfish and efficient . I be terribly sorry . a hend uncover the face of jenson and camera reveal patton as he touch the face , then kiss it and finally kmeel beside the caisson . camera lift away to reveal meek - and patton 's Driver bring up a pair of black - blenkete horse which they hitch to the yoke of the caisson . patton' voice ( o.s . ) there be no coffin here , since there be no wood ... we will have a trumpeter and honor guard , but we will not fire the volley , as it would make people think a air raid be on . closeup - jenson's face as patton 's hand enclose it within the mattress cover . patton' voice ( 0.82 ) I enclose a lock of Dick 's hair in a letter to he mother . group shot the small ceremonial cortege , include carver and stiller , come to attention as patton rise . patton' voice ( o.3 . ) he be a fine man and a fine officer and he have no vice . I shall mias he a lot . wide shot the caisson move off with meek and patton 's Driver lead the horse , stiller behind the caisson and patton abreast of it . cont. 66 147 cont . 148 - 153 4o patton' voice 0.8 . ) I can not see the reason such fine young man get kill . there be so many battle yet to fight . camera widen to see the small procession make its way across the vast desert floor . black and white newsreel this film , with newsreel quality , be see in World War ii aspect ratio , with rouse stock music . newsreel title : british and american troops link up in tunisia ! ( note : all newsreel title ' throughout the film will bear the Fox movietone News logo . ) ae D series of shot exhausted group of british troops in fade summer combat dress have come face to face with equaily battle - wear american troops in they heavyweight combat 0.d.s . in contrast to the high - key narration , we see that the cameramen , try not to be include , be frantically signal the diffident man to greet each other in some sort of enthusiastic demonstration . very obviously take direction , the soldier per - ~functorily greet each other , exchange cigarettes and shake hand -- all for the folk back home . overhead we plane can be see . narrator's voice 0.8. eee but victorious , american gis and tommy of the british eighth Army meet in a joyful ally victory celebration at wadi akarit in North Africa . for the first time in this war , Broadway and Piccadilly join hand ! newsreel title : general patton , hero of EL guettar : mo . shot - patton in tank patton , dress to the tooth , be in the open turret of a tank , scan the far horizon with as fierce and hammy a expression as he can muster for the newsreel -- which be pretty fierce and hammy . cont. 66 al 148 - cont . 153 154 a-154 b-154 narrator's voice ( 0.8 . ) Lieutenant General George S. patton , Jr. , colorful and hard -drive commander of the american second Corps , give U.S. troops a ' great victory in North Africa when he defeat the seasoned panzer of german field marshal rommel at El guettar . newsreel title : monty presses on ! F mo , shot - montgomery in jeep Montgomery , a totally different personality but just as image - conscious in he own way , be dress in beret , turtle - neck sweater and corduroy pants . as he jeep drive alongside a column of british troops , he favor they with a wave and a " one of the boy " smile -- even reach out to shake a few hand as he pass . the man cheer he wildly . narrator's voice ( 0.s. ) meanwhile , General Montgomery , hero of El alamein , continue to lead he veteran and victorious british eighth Army in a relentless drive against rommel 's vaunted Africa Corps . ( note : end of newsreel ) mo . close shot - BRADLEY Bradley be seat on a ammo box in front of he tent , with a towel drape around he neck , as a GI give he a haircut . suddenly the sound of a approach aircraft cut the stillness . Bradley look up , frown , as it roar by close overhead . mo , shot - piper cub patton grin and wave to Bradley from the small spotter plane , which be come in for a iand . mo , long shot - cub strip this be no more than a field clear of brush and adjoin Bradley 's headquarters . Bradley pulis the towei off he neck as he move over to meet the little plane that have land and be taxiing toward he , 66 155 4e another angle the plane stop and patton step out . there 's a bounce to he step and a glint in he eye as he come over to Bradley . patton Brad -- if you have get any whisky , you can buy we both a drink ! BRADLEY ( shaking he head apologetically ) George , I do not believe I have a thing -- patton well , I have get something for you . ( take three - star pin from he pocket hand it to Bradley } Three star ! BRADLEY ( look at they fondly ) I know this be in the work -- but I do not know it have Senate approval . patton that 's nothing but a formality . put them on ! BRADLEY ( put they in he pocket ) I would just as soon wait -- patton you be a corps commander , Brad ! ike 's give you command of second Corps . BRADLEY ( thoughtfully ) well , I '1l be doggone -- ( suddeniy ) what about 's you ? patton I be go to seventh Army at mostaganem tc take over plan for the Sicily operation . BRADLEY congratulation , George . cont. 155 cont . 43 patton I would like to see you come along and take second Corps into Sicily ... if you want to , I will fix it with ike . BRADLEY ( pleased by the prospect of a corps command ) nothing I would like better . patton you will have to clean up the situation here in North Africa first . BRADLEY that 's okay with I -- ( he break into a sudden , eager grin ) tell you what I do have , George --~ couple of bottle of warm beer . patton ( gruffly ) well , why the hell do not you say so ? a man could die of thirst around here ! grinning , Bradley lead the way toward he tent . 156 int . reichschancellery map room - mo . shot - day jodi 's staff , include steiger , be gather around a table , and jodl be conclude the meeting . jodl it be obvious that North Africa will soon be lose . we must now anticipate the enemy 's next move and I will expect a staff report in the next twenty - four hour . onodd dismissal ) that will be all . the officer rise , go about they business . jodl pass by steiger , who alone have remain seat . beside he be a stack of book and clipping . jodl you , steiger -- you have not say @ word . steiger no one ask I to , sir . cont , 66 156 cont . jodl ( impatiently ) I be ask you now . you think patton will attack sardinia ? steiger no , sir . jodl why not ? steiger patton , sir , be a military historian . he know that Sicily , not sardinia , have always be the key to Italy . if patton have anything to say about it , he will probably attack Sicily at syracuse -- ( with a faint , fond smile ) -- as the athenian do . jodl ( impatient and annoyed steiger --! this be the twentieth century ! steiger but you must understand , General -- patton be a sixteenth century man . he dig a volume out of he pile of book , flip to a mark page . steiger just listen to this : ( read ) ' on a quiet street in New York , in nineteen twenty - two , patton be on he way to a dinner , wear white tie and tail , when he come upon three man push a young girl into the back of a truck . he leap out of he car , produce a revolver , and force the man at gunpoint to release the woman . ' ( as though this be the punch line of a marvelous joke ) it turn out the woman be the fiancee of one of the man , and he wes merely help she into the truck ! cont . of o 4s 156 cont.1 steiger ( cont . ) ( relishing the story ) what could be more revealing ? jodl I do not know what you be talk about ! steiger ( it 's all so clear ) Don Quixote encounter six merchant of Toledo on the road and save dulcinea 's virtue ! jodl who the devil be dulcinea ? steiger do not you see , sir ? patton be a romantic warrior , lose in contemporary time ... the secret of patton be the past . he will urge a attack on Sicily because that 's what the athenian do ! 157 ext . moorish house - full shot - day this elaborate house look out over the bay at mostaganen . subtitle : patton' headquarters mgstaganem , algeria camera move in on a loggia where patton be talk to general carver . carver General Bradley 's do a tremendous job with second Corps . he 's move into bizerte and take over forty - one thousand prisoner . patton ( approvingly ) good ... damn good ! carver ( smile ) you be not surprised , be you , sir ? after all , you train that outfit . fatton nod , move on . inside , follow by carver . 66 66 159 46 int . patton' headquarters at mostaganem - mo . shot Army and navy officer and they aide speed back and forth and there be a mumble of conversation . lieutenant golonel charle R. codman , a dapper debonair and unflappable man in he mid-forty , start forward as patton enter , then stop . another angle Colonel ( now full Colonel ) davenport move across the room toward patton , pre-empt the General 's attention . davenport Excuse I , General -- patton be distract by he cigar , which have go dead . he puff frantically , but it be out . almost instantly codman appear in scene , whip out a Zippo and light the General 's cigar . patton accept the light without notice codman . his job with the Zippo do , codman disappear from the scene . davenport resume , glance at paper in he hand . davenport Sir , this be interesting . we have discover that rommel be not present at El guettar . patton ( take this as a personal affront ) who say 30 ? davenport G - 2 , sir . patton ( grab the report ; then fiercely they try to tell I that when we take on tenth panzer , rommel be in Berlin with a earache ? davenport nalway the fact ) severe nasal diphtheria , sir ... g- 2 also report that Hitler probably retain rommel in Berlin because thing be go badly for the Africa Corps and he want he favorite general to save face . cont. 66 7 159 cont . patton well , I be my favorite general and will not be tell that some second - stringer be in command against I . then I lose face ! he puff frantically but the cigar have go dead again . as if by magic , codman appear , apply the light Zippo . patton get the cigar go , notice codman for the first time . patton ( growl ) who the hell be you ? carver General , this be Lieutenant Colonel codman , you new aide . patton oh , yes. ( remember ) I pull you name off the list because I know you family . ccodman I be glad you do , sir . patton codman , that kraut rommel be the best they have -- and I kick hell out of he . now my own G - 2 section be try to tell I he be not even there ! codman ( polite , diplomatic , soothingly quiet ) but , General , he undoubtedly plan the german battle . patton glare at he , frown , unsure of codman 's point . codman if you defeat rommel 's plan , you have defeat rommel . be not that true , sir ? somewhat mollify , patton take a long pull on the cigar as he study he new aide , find more here than meet the eye . obviously a man of taste and discretion . patton codman , I want you to have a drink with I tonight . cont . 48 159 cant.1 codman yes , sir . patton I nave a plan for the invasion of Sicily and I want to make sure I get it approve . you can help I . codmean nod . patton I want to give a dinner for General alaxander . want to get to he before Montgomery do ... this will be a formal affair , codman -- but purely social . tarily ) by that I mean purely political . codman yes , sir . patton I want the finest food and the best wine available . neye codman appraisingly ) sverything comme il faut . codman ( nodd , unruffled ) entendu , mon General . patton ( pleased with codman 's french ) quelque choose vraiment special . codman can va san dire ... qui aimeriez - vous inviter ? patton Le marechal Alexander et son chef ad'etat -major . peut-etre tedder . fas trop de monde et plutot intime , d' accord ? codman d'iaccord , mon General -- caught up in he plan , patton have wander off with codman , leave carver and davenport stare after they , amaze by the boss ' command of french . 66 66 160 161 4g int . patton' villa at mostaganem - mo . shot through hallway - night codman stand , immaculately dress , appraise the party he have arrange . through the alcove , past a impressive line of fin painting , a GI can be see at a piano , play a Beethoven sonata . camere move through the alcove into a palatial dining room , where a magnificent table be laid in the classic manner . there be a mumble of dinner conversation as the camera move along one side of the table , revealing the elegantly uniform ally officer . camera hold for a moment on AIR chief marshal sir arthur tedder . subtitle : AIR chief marshall sir arthur tedder , chief , mediterranean AIR command camera continue on past carver . at the end of the table , seat on patton 's right , be general sir harold r.l.g. alexander . subtitle : general sir harold r.l.g. alexander deputy commander , allied force work on Alexander , patton , of course , lead the conversation . patton you remember , General , what alcibiade ' say in four fifteen b.c. during the peloponnesian War : ' if syracuse fall , all Sicily fall -- then Italy ! ' he lmaw that syracuse be the jugular of the island -~ - and alcibiade always go for the throat . Alexander , impressed , glance approvingly at tedder . patton I propose to take Sicily the same way ! mo . close shot - hallway davenport approach codman , who be keep a keen supervisory eye on the proceedings . davenport how 's it go ? codman i think the old man have they in he pocket . 66 162 163 164 50 int , dine room - mo . shot patton have pull a set of drape , revealing a wall map ef Sicily . he be at the map illustrate he point , which be of course direct to Alexander . patton accord to my plan , General , Montgomery will land here . ( he point to syracuse ) ' I will hit the beach here and seize the port of palermo . monty can pin down the Germans in the south , while I drive east , take the city of Messina , and cut off the escape route of the Germans . alexander ( impressed ) look like a interesting plan , George . patton ( expansively , to the group ) gentlemen ~~ here 's to the conquest of Sicily ! they ali raise they glass and sip they wine . two shot - alexander and patton alexander ( admiringly } you know , George , you would have make a great marshal for napoleon if you have live in the eighteenth century . patton ( with a quiet , confident smile ) but I do , Sir harold -- I do ! Alexander laugh , catering good - humorediy to he host . patton smile , because he be riding the crest of a diplomatic triumph , but he be actually quite serious . ext , allied force headquartrrs - algier - full shot - day subtitle : allied force headquarters - algier montgomery drive up in a staff car , get out and hurry into the building . 66 165 166 51 int . corridor allied force headquarters as Montgomery move down the corridor , superimpose : subtitle : general sir bernard law montgomery , commanding general , british eighth army Montgomery move to the doorway of a office , the open door of which be mark major general walter bedell smith . he speak to someone inside . montgomery pardon I -- General Smith in ? ( officer's voice 0.8 . I believe he 's in the lavatory , sir . montgomery thank you . he turn and move on down the corridor . int , lavatory - day general smith be wash he hand at the sink . subtitle : major general walter bedell smith , chief of staff to general eisenhower Montgomery enter . ~- montgomery oh -- there you be ... beetle , I have be give a good bit of think to the Sicily operation . smith yes ? montgomery I assume we be alone -- Montgomery quickly scan the bottom of the stall , make — sure no alien foot be present . ' smith you know georgie patton 's already discuss he plan with Alexander . montgomery I realize that . I have a idea he play may lead to a absolute disaster . he lean forward , exhales he breath over the mirror , create a fog area . he draw on this with he finger . cont. 66 52 166 cont . 167 168 169 montgomery beetle , look : this be Sicily . accord to patton 's plan , I would attack syracuse - here - and he would attack palermo -- up here . obviously we force would be divide -- and just as obviously we could be chop up piecemeal . ( with some asperity ) wnat I propose -- and what I shall insist on , by the way -- be this : I land at syracuse as plan . but the Americans land here at gela . I drive north to Messina , with the Americans protect my flank ... after all , Messina be the key . it 's the reason for invade Sicily ! smith I will tell ike about this and I be sure he will give it serious consideration . they go out together . int . corridor - two shot - montgomery and smith montgomery amuse , be not it ? smith what ? montgomery the final plan for the invasion of Sicily have be put forward in a algerian lavatory . int . darkened hold of lst - day in the cavernous darkness there be the ear-splitt roar of tank engine . then the huge door in the bow of the vessel open , admit sudden bright sunlight . < a tank with snorkel equipment move out of f.g. , waddle ponder - ously out onto the ramp . mo , close shot - tank stand in the turret of the tank be patton , impatient and enraged when the tank hesitates , poise on the edge of the ramp . he cail down into the tank . patton come on -- get the lead out ! 66 170 171 172 173 53 int . tank the driver and the assistant driver can be see at the control , with patton 's leg in evidence from the turret . the engine noise be loud in the confine space , and the man have to yell . assistant driver ( to Driver , nervously ) no! hold it ! driver what 's the matter ? assistant driver I do not want to get drown in this damn thing . patton' voice ( o.s. roaring , from above ) do I have 's to come down there myself ?! assistant driver ( to Driver , gesture he forward ) : go ahead . I would rather drow . mo . shot - tank the huge vehicle waddle forward off the ramp , drop into the surf that cover its track . however , it survive and move up the beach . mo . shot - patton' staff carver , davenport , Bell , codman and several other officer be watch and grin as " the old man " demonstrete the new equipment successfully . a staff car drive up and the staff salute snappily as General Alexander step out . mo . shot - tank the huge vehicle have stop at the water line , and patton jump down out of the turret as codman come into scene . patton ( exuberantly ) it work , codman , it work ! with that snorkel equipment , we can land any place ! codman General Alexander be here , sir -- patton turn , move off toward staff car . 66 174 54 mo , close shot at staff car patton come into scene and salute as Alexander get out of the car . Alexander return the salute , then the two man shake hand . patton ( full of enthusiasm ) Sir harold , congratulation on a great british invention . if it be not so damn secret I would like to call in the photographer . alexander George , I have bad news for you about you Sicily plan . I be afraid ike have turn it down . patton be both amaze and annoyed . alexander he feel that since the italian will be defend they native soil for the first time , and since german resistance be stiffening , we force should not be divide . patton where do I land then ? alexander in the Gulf of gele . patton what for ? there 's nothing there but a beach . alexander yes , but it put you in good position to support Montgomery . patton ( evenly ) and where do Montgomery land ? alexander he will land in syracuse and drive north to catania -- possibly even Messina . you will be alongside , protect he leave . patton ( bitterly ) you mean we get the burden again , while good old monty get the glory . cont . 55 174 cont . 175 alexander ike have to consider all point of view . he make he decision not as a american but as a ally . ( after a moment ) if it be the other way ' round , I assure you monty would protest . patton no , dammit , I have be in the Army thirty year , and when I get a order , I say ' yes , sir ' , and do my damndest to carry it out . ( unable to contain he fury , he growl ) but this be what you get when you commander - in- chief stop be a american and become a ally . int , reichschancellery - map room - day on a screen in the darken room we see project in black and white ( and without sound ) uncut U.S. signal Corps footage of patton landing on the beach at gela . harkins and other staff officer be with he . in some of the shot signal Corps cameramen appear with they hand -held eyemo . patton step off a landing craft and wade ashore with he fiercest expression , pistol on he hip , shiny helmet gleam , surround by he staff . since this be uncut footage , we see the signal Corps slate -- patton - sicily landing - roll 3 . there follow other angle of the same action , revealing that this be stage for the camera with patton 's willing - if not eager - cooperation . we even see he put on he fierce warlike scowl the moment the camera roll . during the above , the follow be hear from o.s .: jodl' voice ( 9.s8 . ) here be the gangster patton arrive on the beach at gela with he seventh Army . steiger' voice ( o.s . ) this film be capture after the iand . camera pull back and we recognize the map room in which be seat several wehrmacht officer in addition to jodl and steiger . the room , of course , be in color , the film cont. 56 175 cont. on the screen be the only thing in black and white . the Army footage continue , show action shot of troops go ashore and other aspect of the amphibious landing . the german officer continue they conversation as they watch shot of patton on the beach yell order at individual soldier , cursing they as he urge they inland . german officer I do not realize he be so tall . steiger over six foot . second german officer he be constantly give personal command . jodl obviously they now have two prima donnas in Sicily -- Montgomery and patton , on the screen there appear a shot of Bradley landing with he troops on another beach . wearing ordinary GI uniform except for the star on he helmet , he step into the surf with a few of he staff , carry a carbine and almost indistinguishable from the soldier landing with he . the whole tone be as unpretentious and businesslike as petton be flamboyant . jodl there 's another three - star general . who be he ? steiger this be General Bradley . he command the american second Corps . german officer he look like a common soldier . steiger he be extremely capable and completely unpretentious . most unusual for a general . {he turn to find jodl glaring at he ; quickly ) I beg you pardon , sir . 176 ext . sicilian road - day Bradley 's jeep move down road toward patton 's command post in b.g. 57 177 ae patton' command post - a farmhouse in southern icily patton , Bell and codman be in the elaborate but portable map room . Bell be at a map of Sicily . : bell I do not think I have make myself clear , sir . it 's true that Montgomery have meet the toughest resistance of the campaign here at catania . however -- patton ( secretly enjoy himself ) it 's perfectly clear . monty 's as stick as a bug on flypaper . bell ‘( indicate paper in bis hand ) . but this order from General Alexander ... he 's direct you to give up the vizzini-caltagirone Road and turn it over to Montgomery ! patton ( shrugging ) so Bradley will have to fight he way up the center over tough mountain road -- that 's all . a bell ( eyeing patton uncertainly ) yes , sir -- patton ( nudging Bell , he tap the map at Messina ) : here 's where the ball game be , Bell -- up here at Messina . if they would use my plan , I would have be there by this time and cut off the escape of every damn kraut and italian on this island ... but I will tell you what I be go to do now . I be go to palermo first , then I be go to beat that limey into Messina ! Bradley enter , .his face grim , something obviously on he mind . cont . 66 66 177 cont . 58 BRADLEY George -- what 's this about take the vizzini Road away from second Corps ? patton General Alexander 's order . he say the road go to Montgomery . BRADLEY that road be assign to I . how be I go to move north without it ? you know the terrain up there . patton ( he heart bleed ) I know , Brad , but monty 's run into tough opposition -- very tough . Bradley glance at the map , then eye patton with grow suspicion . BRADLEY George -- you would not be take advantage of this situation , would you ? . patton I do not know what you be talk about . BRADLEY without that road , all of you army but my second Corps be out of a job . free to go on to palermo , if you like . patton who say anything about palermo ? BRADLEY I can read a map . ( indicate probing salient on map ) do Alexander know you have push out this far ? patton ( wave this aside ) Hell , that 's nothing but a reconnaissance in force . BRADLEY ( firmly accuse ) George , be you tell I I have get to slug it out over that mountain with heavy resistance just so you can make a bigger splash than monty ? cont . 59 177 cont.1 'ot ) patton ( full of helpless innocence ) Brad , I just carry out my order , like the simple old soldier I be . carver enter with a teletype dispatch in he hand . he nod respectfully to Bradley . carver General Bradley -- ( to patton ) Sir , General Alexander 's get wind of you westerly movement . he say here : ' stop immediately . go no farther than agrigento . repeat , stop immediately . ' patton ( eyeing carver for a moment ) that 's what you think it say . but I think it be garble in transmission . ask they to be - transmit the message -- and take you time about it . @ ( with a wink at Bradley ) that will take half a day at least . carver yes , sir . he go . patton where be we , Brad ? BRADLEY ( slowly , accusingly , he eye fix on patton ) we be talk about e simple ald soldier ... 178 ext . road to palermo - long shot - day column of patton 's tank and self - propel artillery speed along the primitive sicilian road . there be no resistance ag the tank barrel along with hatches open and infantry - man on top . 66 66 179 180 181 182 183 60 another angle on road patton 's armored command car , along with the rest of he entourage , race past a column of two - and - a- half - ton truck , its siren blast . a line of italian prisoner be be herde to the rear . two shot - patton and codman stand up in the command vehicle , patton view the scene of speed , clanking , irresistible power with undisguise exultation . patton ( rapturously ) look , cod . could anything be more magnificent ?!... I must tell the truth -- I love it . goddammit , I do love it ! codman glance at he , not quite sure how to respond . ext , hilly country in sicily - day Bradley 's jeep , in which be Bradley , he driver , hansen and Bradley 's second aide , drive along a road by a farm - house hold by a american infantry platoon , from a hillside nearby , german artillery be pound the area . mo . shot - jeep as the jeep approach the farmhouse , the shelling grow more intense . a shell hit too close for comfort and , at a signal from Bradley , all four man bail out . angle at farmhouse wall Bradley and he party take cover . as a shell hit nearby , a GI from the infantry platoon also dive for cover behind the wall . there be another tremendous explosion and debris rain down on the man huddle behind the wall . the GI pull himseif up , unable to see from he position the insignia wear by the other . soldier ( disgustedly ) wonder what silly sonuvabitch be in charge of this operation ! BRADLEY ( with a wry , private grin ) I do not know , but they ought to hang he . 66 184 185 186 61 int . montgomery's caravan - full shot ~ day a british Colonel stand before the desk of Montgomery , who refer sternly to a piece of paper in he hand . montgomery I want this communique entirely rewritten . british army be never " bog down by enemy resistance 's . we ' momentarily slow we advance to prepare for new and stun blow against the enemy ' . ( scathingly ) if you be go to write , welkin , for God 's sake use a little imagination ! ext . patton' command post - late afternoon patton 's cavalcade storm up to the headquarters and pull to a halt . out in front , as patton step down from he command car , be a group of four or five clergyman , in clerical collar , be escort by the seventh Army chaplain . patton greet he in high good humor . patton ' afternoon , chaplain -- chaplain General , this gentleman be here from the States look over we program for the spiritual welfare of the man . patton good . stick with we and we will take you into palermo . clergyman ( indicate chaplain ) Colonel Davis show we you quarter , General patton , and I be interested to see a Bible beside you bed . do you actually find time to read 1 % ? patton ga dead earnest ) I sure do ... every goddamn day . int , reichschancellery map room - mo . shot - day steiger approach jodl , who be study a wall map of the Russian front . steiger Sir -- the Americans have take palermo ! jodl damn ! '' J 66 187 188 189 190 191 62 ext . montgomery's caravan Montgomery sit at a table , dress in he roguish , casual manner , as a aide enter . aide General -- patton 's take palermo ! montgomery ( explosively ) damn ! ext . palermo STREET near waterfront - trucking - day camera move up the inclined road , whizzing past crowd of sicilian chant in a definite rhythm : " Viva , viva , viva , viva . reverse angle - the patton entourage two command car and two jeep . with patton be codman and davenport . patton ( enjoy himself enormously ) palermo be the most conquer city in the world . the phoenician , the carthaginian , the Roman , the byzantine . then come the Arabs , the speniard , the neapolitan . and now I . mo . shot - crowded STREET patton 's vehicle press through the cheer crowd as people offer lemon and watermelon to the victorious Americans . a motorcycle courier make he way through the crowd , draw up alongside the command car . he hold out a message , which codman reach over and take from he hand . two shot - patton and codman codman have glance at the message . codman ( with a grin ) this be from General Alexander , sir , remind you that you be not to take palermo . patton send he a message , codman . ask he if hs want I to give it back . 66 192 193 ao ae med. long shot the patton convoy come to a halt in front of a cathedral , at the entrance to which stand a cardinal in all he finery . leave the car , patton stride over and kiss the cardinal 's ring , a gesture which be theatrically perfect and bring a ringing cheer from the people lining the sidewalk . ext . patton' palazzo in palermo ~ full view - day at each of the four corner of the palace a tank , fully manned , stand guard . patton be conduct a press conference on the lawn . he stand like a conquer king , wear a custom - tailore whipcord jacket . correspondent sit about the lawn on fold chair . patton {ebullientiy ) for a change , let I ask you a question . you have just come from Washington . what 's the reaction to we boy take palermo ? correspondent # 2 ( hesitantly ) well , sir -- the general impression be that you seventh Army berrele through token resistance , while Montgomery face the brunt of the fight . patton ( he smile hit the ground like a sack of lemon ) by God , do not they know we take on the eerman goer division , the toughest outfit in the german army ? correspondent # 2 the people back home be interested in you , General . they be curious about you peari-handled revolver . patton ( outrage ) they be ivory ! wobody but a pimp for a cheap New Orleans whorehouse would carry a pearl- handle pistol ! correspondent 33 what about you languege , generel ? cont . oo wy 193 cont . 6h patton when I want something to stick , I give it to they loud and dirty so they will remember it . correspondent 72 how do the man react to that ? patton God dammnit , I do not want this man to love I -- I want they to fight Tor I ! ( eye flash , jaw set ) correspondent # 2 Ernie pyle say you have get a secret weapon here in Sicily -- General Bradley . ' the GI General ' -- that 's what Ernie call he . patton ( gruffly ) omer Bradley 's no secret . he 's a damn fine commander . correspondent 73 whet 's you feel about Montgomery ? patton he 's the best generel the limey have . but he 's more concerned about not lose a battle than he be about win one . correspondent # 3 ( bait he ) you think he 's not aggressive enough -- be that correct ? patton notice the man have be scribbling furiously , start to pull back . cont . o a , 193 cont . 1 64 - a patton now , wait a minute , boy -- I have be get into enough trouble lately . yesterday the Inspector General 's office tell I my italian prisoner do not have enough latrine . they never know what a goddamn latrine be until I show they ! ( this get a laugh ) so if anything I have say sound critical of my distinguished british colleague -- I hope you will just forget it . ( again unable to resist , he smile ) I will tell you this , off the record . I be go to beat the sonuvabitch into Messina ! 194 int , montgomery's caravan - close shot - front page newspaper - day the headline read : patton vow to take messina , rescue stall british ally camera pull back to reveal the newspaper be in Montgomery 's hand . monty be building up a head of steam as he read . major general do guingand enter with a report in he hand . subtitle : major general francis W. do guingand , montgomery's chief of staff cont . o a , 194 cont . 65 montgomery ( outrage ) freddy , do you realize what this madman patton be sey ? he 's go to save we skin by take Messina } do guingand you might find this report interesting , sir . : montgomery ( he smolder jealousy building ) here I be in this bloody marsh , fight malaria as well as Germans , , . while he 's take palermo without opposition and get all the glory . ( have glance at report , elatedly ) well ! now he 's up against three good Jerry division and he 's stick for a change ... he 's not go to get Messina . that 's reserve for the british eighth Army and I ! 195 ext . patton' advance command post ( a farmhouse in northern sicily ) - mo . shot - BRADLEY and general truscott = day they be walk through a olive grove toward the head - quarter , both man appear concerned , preoccupy , artillery FIRE can be hear in the distance . 196 two shot - BRADLEY and truscott BRADLEY it 's very simple , lucian . Terry Allen 's bog down east of troina . youtre bog down on the coast road . we need a end run here to break thing loose . subtitle : major general lucian K. truscott , JR . , commanding general , third infantry division 197 mo . shot ~ entrance to command post patton have appear at the doorway of the farmhouse . cont. 66 197 cont . 66 fatton gentlemen , do you realize where we be ? we be 'in a olive grove where hannibal may have wander . ( warmly ) lucian ! how 's my little fight sonuvabitch ? ( motion they inside ) come on in . Brad and I have a job for you . we try the same thing last week and pick up twelve mile . everybody from old man churchill on down be wave we flag . 198 int . patton' command post - full shot patton cross to map , jab with he cigar , describe en arc around the Germen defense on coast road . patton lucian -- we want you to senda reinforce battalion by sea to make @ landing up hsre behind the kraut line . last week we bring in sixteen hundred prisoner that way . truscott General Bradley say you want I to tie this in with a land - base attack . pation that 's right ... I want a coordinate assault the morning of the eleventh . truscott I do not think we can make the linkup by the eleventh . patton Hell , it 's only fifteen or twenty mile ! truscott General , my boy have be fight and die for yard . patton maybe you better kick a few butt if you have to . ( a warm personal appeal ) lucian -+ I recommend you for you dsm end you last promotion . JI know what you can do if you put you mind to it . cont . @ 66 198 cont . 67 truscott I be sorry -- I can not do the impossible ! patton dammnit , lucian , you be too old a athlete to think you can postpone a match that 's be schedule . truscott you be a old athlete yourself , sir . you know that match sometimes be postpone . BRADLEY George -- if lucian 's right and we can not back it up by land , we end run could ' be a disaster . that man might get catch up there on the beach and cut to piece . patton ( thoroughly annoyed ) what 's the matter with you two ? BRADLEY all we be talk about be not rush in before we be ready ... give he a extra day . truscott just one more day -- patton ( angrily ) I will like heli ! the landing be on . we be go to Messina and we be go to get there before monty do . truscott what 's so important about that ? infuriate by this challenge to he own indefensible position , patton seethes . patton truscott , if you conscience will not let you conduct this operation , I will relieve you and let someone else do it . cont . o wf os oo. 68 198 cont.2 truscott General , it 's you privilege to relieve I anytime you want to . there be a long moment , during which patton get he anger under control . he speak with absolute authority . patton gentlemen , this match will not be postpone . ( to truscott ) you get any question ? truscott no , sir . patton break the tension by set out three glass from a tray on he desk and reach for the decanter . pattow ( as he pour three drink ) llucian -- you be a good man , but you be too damn conservative ... you know what Frederick the great say ? always audacity ! ' ltaudace , l'audace , toujovr l'audace !! ( shove *® glass toward truscott ) come on -- let 's have a drink . unwill to bend the knee , truscott speak with quiet dignity . truscott Excuse I , sir -- I be not go to be drink the next couple of day . he salute , turn and go out . patton glance over to find Bradley 's eye stare at he evenly . BRADLEY ceorge , if anything happen to that man , I want to be with they . * patton well , you be not go -~- so forget it . ( belligerently resentful ) what be you try to tell I -- that truscott 's right ? cont . '' 66 69 198 cont.2 199 200 201 - 20h , 205 206 BRADLEY ( he sense of outrage take over ) you be gambling with the life of that boy just so you can beat Montgomery into Messina . if you pull it off , you be a hero . but if you do not , what about they ? think about the ordinary combat soldier , he do not share you dream of glory . he 's stick here -- live out every day with death tug at he elbow . {his bitter anger grow ) there 's one big difference betwean you and I , George . I do this job because I be train to do it . you do it because you love it ! Bradley turn and walk out , leave patton stare afte > hin . ext . group of landing craft off shore - night int . lci - mo . shot combat-equipped infantrymen be huddle in the dark landing craft , tear as always between hope and fear . series of cut a . the landing craft let down they ramp with a huge splash . B . they disgorge they cargo of assault troops . C . the infantrymen make e silent and unoppose dash across the sand to a embankment beside the coast road . mo . shot - road from far down the road the sound of a approach engin : be hear . in a momen we can see a motorcycle with side - car , then we recognize the rider as a cerman soldier . mo . close shot - trucking - line of riflemen in the dark , the word be pass in a whisper from one rifleman to the next , eamera follow as each man receive and pass on the message : cont , 70 206 cont . 207 208 209 210 - 211 212 - 214 215 66 rifleman hold you fire . this be repeat in turn by two or three succeed riflemen . angle on =mbankment the silence be shattered by the sharp clatter of the motor - eycle 's engine . shoot down the line of riflemen , we can see they head turn as the word to hold fire be pass toward camera . but a soldier in f.g. who have not yet get the word , see the approach german cyclist . he raise he rifle and fire . mo . shot on road as the german cyclist be hit . he scream and he motor - eycle slew wildly off the road , deposit he twisted body in a ditch . long shot at embankment shoot over the riflemen take cover behind it . there be a sudden , startling flash of light as a parachute flare illuminate the area . then , from the wood rise across the road , all hell break loose . Machine gun , mortar and small arm fire suddenly come pour onto the beach . serin of cut german machine gun and mortar fire . series of cut the american infantryman take what cover they can egainst the enbankment , but the mortar shell lob in as they find the range . A. infantryman get hit . B. landing craft shove off beach under heavy mortar fire . C , riflemen who have scramble to the top of the enbank - ment to fire be cut down by machine gun burst . int , patton' headquarters at forward command post - foll shot - day carver be on a field phone and patton be pace the floor ; he face a storm cloud of frustration . cont. C ) 215 cont. 216 217 218 219 66 72 carver ( hold the phone ) that man on the beach be really catch hell , General . truscott 's man be do they best , but we have no replacement for he and he cantt break through to the coast . patton ( with sudden grim decision ) I be go up there myself . ext . riverbank ( central sicily ) - mo . shot ~ day a column of tank be halt beside the river . the colonel in command , he helmet off , be fume over a map with a couple of staff officer . patton' voice ( o.s. , roaring as from a distance ) Colonel -- ! the Colonel look up , stare across the river in amazement . colonel how the hell do he get over there ? mo . shot - patton stand on the opposite bank , yell . patton what the hell be you wait for ?! mo . shot - colonel colonel look for a place to ford , General . I send out a patrol to reconnoiter . mo . shot - patton patton I have already do that . down by that tree this sewer 's only three foot deep . ( lash out ) you get that outfit cranke up or you be go so be out of a job ! 66 220 221 222 223 72 mo . shot - colonel colonel ( quaking ) yes , sirl patton' voice ( roaring ) and put that helmet on ! fumbiing for he helmet , the Colonel hasten to comply . ext . wooded arza - mo . long shot - american infantry - day a infantry platoon rise up from position of cover and move forward . almost immediately they be take under heavy machine - gun fire . int . battalion command post ( a bomb - damaged peasant hut ) - day in the tiny room there be patton and stiller ; a shattered lisutenant colonel , who be battalion commander ; a Major , who be he executive ; and a communication sergeant . patton be take the hide off the Lieutenant Colonel , who be try to defend himself . lieutenant colonel the reason we be pin down , General , be we can not get any air support . patton the hell with that ! nobody 's get air support ! ( raging ) if you can not put some fire under this battalion , Colonel , by God we will find somebody who can ! ( jabbing a forefinger at the Major ) I be put you in command , Major ! ( fiercely ) I will give you four hour -- and if you do not break through to that beachhead , I will fire youl patton turn and stalk out , follow by stiller . . sergeant Colonel , there be fifty thousand man on this island who would like to shoot that sonuvabitch . outskirt SMALL town in central sicily - mo . shot - day a mechanize artillery outfit -- gun , truck , weapon , etc . -- be stall and bunched up on the road lead cont . o 66 73 223 cont . 22k 225 226 227 into the little town , make a perfect target for air attack . patton 's command car barrel into scene and he be livid when he see the vulnerable column of motionless equipment . he yell to a sergeant in a weapon carrier . patton ( roaring ) what 's hold up this column ? sergeant ( appal when he recognize the apoplectic face of patton ) I -- I do not know , sir -- from o.s. there be the sound of approach aircraft . patton glance up , then give he driver a poke in the back . — patton let 's go . the driver pull the car off onto the shoulder of the road and roar ahead , steeving a expert but dangerous course between the stall colvmn and the steep ditch beside th : road . the roar of the plane be almost overhead now . long angle - two heinael fighter -bombers the german plane open up with they machine gun . long shot - the stall:3d column ( p.9.v . the plane ) as the plane strafe the entire length of the sit duck column , Men scatter and some be cut down . patton 's command car continue to skirt the edge of the road at top speed , mo , shot - patton' command car Machine - gun fire spatter all around it . the driver duc ncs down as best he can . codman and the other be on the floor . but patton be still stand , he jaw jutting in angry defiance . patton ( he voice cool ) pull up over there . avgle in bridge this be a narrow bridge lead into the tiny town . on the bridge we see what be hold up the column . a cont . oq 66 and 227 cont . 228 229 230 231 232 sicilian peasant , alternately cry and shouting , be try to coax a team of donkey attach to he cart to move off the bridge so the machinery of war can get across . a exasperate major , along with a couple of noncom , try to aid in move the donkey . suddenly patton be upon they . patton what the hell 's go on here ? major Sir , it 's this mule -- patton ( furious ) they be jackasses} ! you let a whole column get stall and strafe on account of a couple of jackass ? what the hell 's the matter with you ? before the sicilian have time to do more than cry out in protest , patton have draw he pistol . close shot - patton he fire twice , there be a scream of anguish from the sicilian . mo . shot the donkey now lie motionless on the bridge . patton ( to the Major and he man ) do not just stand there ! dump they in the river ! the man move to obey , push the heavy corpse over the side . view on the water as the beast hit the river . we see in the reflection that the column be move again . long shot - up angle - the two heinkel they bank into a steep turn to come back for another pass at the helpless column , mo . shot - wing gun - heinkel the machine eun clatter as they go into they second strafing run . 66 233 23k 235 236 237 238 75 mo . long shot at bridge the column be gather speed as it clatter across the bridge . the plane roar over , but the move equipment be harder to hit . patton stand alone at the side of the bridge , oblivious to the machine - gun fire stitching the area around he , impatiently wave the vehicle across and urging they to great speed . ext , road in central sicily - mo . long shot - day on the bright sunlit road patton 's vehicle , return from the front , have slowed to avoid a truck convoy head toward the front . on the other side of the road , head back , be a straggling line of gis , the walk wounded , intersperse with a occasional ambulance and even a litter carry by mud-and - blood -encrust medic . they be in strange and shocking contrast to patton 's shiny , polished car with its colorful banner and insignie , which overtake they go in the same direction . mo . shot - walking wounded they wound cover with temporary blood - soak bandage , the man bearded and gaunt , bone - weary and numb with pain . that whose eye be bandage be lead by other . that with leg wound be give support by they fellow , crude splint , improvise crutch and sling be every - where . the man stare hollow - eye at the patton vehicle . close shot - patton his face remain hawklike and unyield , but something in he eye indicate the twinge of guilt and sympathy he be unwilling to reveal . mo . close shot + two wounded soldier one be naked to the waist , he chest heavily bandage . the other be hobbling along , with the aid of a improvise erutch , on a badly shattered foot . they stare up at patton , who be pass by slowly . first wounded soldier there he go -- ' old blood and gut . ' second wounded soldier ( bitterly ) yeah -- we blood and he gut . ext , road - mo . close shot - in command car - day shoot over patton 's shoulder , with he driver at the wheel . on the road up ahead be a sign with a arrow that read : 19 th evacuation hospital . cont . o 66 76 236 cont . 239 243 patton tap the driver on the shoulder , indicate with he point finger that he be to follow the arrow , the drivar start to turn off the road . int . hospital tent - mo . shot - day patton be walk down the aisle , accompany by a Medical Corps colonel , the Ward surgeon and the ever-present codman . the patient here be all badly wounded . some be amputzes , some have bandage cover they entire face , some be - get plasma . patton stop by each bed with a word for each man . we can not hear what he 's say until : camera move in on patton as he stop by one of the bed , occupy by a mexican - american soldier . patton glance at the name tag on the bed , patton where would you get it , Gomez ? mexican -american soldier ( weakly ) in the chest , sir . patton you might be interested in this -- the last german I see have no chest and no head either . ( pat he arm ) get well quickly , son . move on , patton have to pause as a mobile stretcher be push by . on it be a man 's body , cover completely by a sheet . patton move on to a bed where a soldier lie pale and motionless under a oxygen mask . the man be unconscious and he be breathe heavily and with difficulty . his entire upper body be heavily bandage . patton turn to godman with a gesture , and codman produce a purple heart medal out of a briefcase he carry . patton pin the medal onto the pillowcase of the unconscious soldier . then he kneel beside the boy' bed , take off he helmet , and bow he head in prayer for a moment . individual reaction the Colonel , a nurse , a medical corpsman . the gesture be so corny and improbable that they each stare , even though move , stunne and disbely . be this the patton they have hear so much about ? mo . shot as patton rise and move on . he come upon a young GI sit on a bed fully clothed , wear a helmet liner , with no sign of a dress or a wound . patton eye he suspiciously . cont. @ 243 cont. patton what 's the master with you ? ' GI I -- I guess I just can not take it , sir , the boy begin to cry . patton what do you say ? GI Sir , it 's my nerve . I can not stand the shelling anymore . patton ( he voice rise ) you nerve hell ] you be just a goddamn coward ! the soldier actually start cry now and patton slap he hard across the face . patton @ shut up ! I will not have e yellow bastard sit here cry in front of this brave man who have be wounded in battle . patton strike the man again . the man 's helmet liner fall off and rolis across the floor . patton oshout now at the top of he lung ) do not admit this yellow bastard . there 's nothing the matter with he , I do not want sonsuvbitch who have not the gut to fight stinking up this place of honor . ( to soldier ) you be go back to the front } you may get shot and kill , but you be go back to fight . hither that or I will stand you up in front of a fire squad ! his right hand drop to he holster . patton } I ought to shoot you myself , you vy goddamn whimper coward ! cont. 66 78 243 cont.1 a team of medical officer quickly take the sobbing boy away . patton nscream ) . send he up to the front . you hear I ,.e. goddamn coward ! patton suddenly realize that everyone in the tent be stare at he . patton I will not have coward in my army ! ext . bradley' trailer command post - day Bradley sit in the sunlight under the makeshift awning of he trailer . patton 's command car drive up and Bradley rise to meet he . still strain and apprehensive , patton do not get out . patton I have to kick some butt up there , but truscott finally break through to that people on the beach . eradley {unable to resist ; evenly ) you get - the casualty report ? patton ( he face momentarily clouding ) yeah -- I get them . ( impatiently ) what 's the latest on the coast road ? BRADLEY the 3rd division 's east of brolo , head toward Messina . patton the hell you say ! ( with sudden elation ) let 's get dress up and go over there . I want to go in with the troops ! BRADLEY you go ahead , George . I be not very good at that . patton glance at he , look for imply criticism , but find none , after a moment , defensively : cont. 66 719 24 cont . 2k5 2u6 patton I know about the casualty we take . but if we have not make that end run , God know how many more we would have have . patton signal to he driver , who pull the car out fast . Bradley watch it disappear , be turn back to he trailer when hansen come into scene carry a typewritten sheet . hansen Sir , General Kean want you to see this ... it 's about General patton . hhand message to Bradley it come in to the surgeon from the CO of the one hundred forty-ninth evacuation Hospital . Bradley look over the report and he face go grave . BRADLEY anyone else see this ? hansen no , sir -- just General Kean and the surgeon . BRADLEY put it in a envelope and lock it up in my sefe . hansen yes , sir . Bradley hand the message back to hansen , shake he heai gravely . then as hansen start away : . BRADLEY Chet -- mark it to be open only by you or I , ext . coast road ( northern sicily ) - hed . shot - day in the turret of the lead tank of a armored column stand patton , he polished helmet shine , look every inch the conquer hero , the clatter of armor as the column race across the peaceful countryside toward Messina bring excitement to he eye . ext , a road out of catania ( east coast of sicily ) - day a british convoy move along the road northward to Messina . General Montgomery stand along the roadside , smile ani cont . '' 66 80 246 cont . 2h7 28 return the friendly wave of he man . we notice that in contrast with the american troops the man of the eighth Army dress any way they please . because of the heat , most of they be half naked . one of the enlist man shout out as he tank pass the sweater - wear General . british soldier hello , there , monty . montgomery hello , yourself . another vehicle have a driver who be absolutely naked and wear a silk top hat . he laughingly tip he hat to he General . Montgomery break out into laughter ; then , after that vehicle pass , turn to he aide dryly : montgomery issue a order : henceforth , top hat will not be wear by member of the eighth Army . another vehicle full of cheer man pass . second british soldier fifty kilometer to Messina , monty ! he wave back , smile and nodd . ext . messina - day highland piper strut proudly toward the main square of the bomb-damage town , they pipe blaring . Montgomery 's command car be behind they . they round a corner , then stop , the wind in the bag remain for a dissonant moment . Montgomery climb out of he car , take a few step forward so he can look around the corner . montgomery's p.0.v. patton , with fold arm , stand before the town hall , pack by he nattily uniform staff : stiller , codman , Bell , davenport , carver . Ali about the square be american vehicle 'and man . patton wear a triumphant smile on he face . Montgomery approach patton . montgomery do not smirk , patton , I sha not kiss you . patton that 's a pity , because I shave very close this morning in preparation for get smack by you . cont. 66 81 248 cont . 29 a - 29 Montgomery smile and salute . patton return it smartly . the piper begin they tune once again as Montgomery turn and move back toward he vehicle . we int . bar in messina - mo . shot - night the bar be full of soldier , all neatly uniform , patton fashion , and there be plenty of mps in evidence . a reporter neme larry doyle , in correspondent 's uniform , be be half - lead , half - drag to the bar by a big , loudmouthed GI . loudmouthed soldier here 's the man you be look for , Mr. doyle . he 's my buddy and he be there ! saw the whole thing ! ( to a quiet , diffident man have a drink with another g1 ) go on -- tell he , Charlie ! doyle you actually see this happen ? loudmouthed soldier ( before he can answer saw it ? he be right in the next bed ! patton take on look at this GI , haul off and hit he across the face ! ( jump around as he act it out ) then he grab he and kick hin . but hard . knocked he ass over teakettle . : third soldier ( get he oar in ) all the time he be call he every dirty name in the book . doyle be you there , too ? third soldier no -- Charlie tell we . loudmouthed soldier then he take out he gun and threaten to shoot this guy ! cont. 82 a-249 cont. doyle ( to quiet soldier ) he actually threaten to shoot he ? loudmouthed soldier ( jump in ) would I lie to you ? doyle ( try to sideslip loudmouth ) Charlie -- what do you think they should do to General patton for this ? third soldier they oughta give he a medical discharge . he 's mentally derange . loudmouthed soldier when you have get patton , who need Hitler ? doyle I be ask he . quiet soldier if he want to kick I in the ass a few time , it 's all right with I . I think patton will get I home safe . loudmouthed soldier ( impatiently ) he will get you home in a box ! third soldier ( the break record ) if you ask ms , they oughta give he e medical discharge . loudmouthed soldier who the hell ask you ? you be not even there ! 250 pe patton' palazzo headquarters in palermo - mo . shot - a . in f.g. patton sit slump in a huge chair , he face cloud in deep depression . his very motionlessness be in stark contrast to he usual kinetic energy . one lifeless hand , hold a letter , rest in he lap . cont . @ 66 83 250 cont . a in b.g. Bradley be admit by codman , who gesture Bradley in silently , then go out himself , Bradley move forward , a little puzzle by patton 's failure to turn and greet he . BRADLEY you want to see I , George ? patton ( lifelessly ) I have get a letter here from ike . he hand the letter to Bradley without look up . as Bradley start to read the letter , patton speak in a strain , make - conversation tone . patton I be reread caesar 's ' commentary ! the other night . in battle , caesar wear a red robe so he would be clearly distinguishable from he man . I be strike by this fact because -= ( he suddenly pause , '' 's wallow ; we sense he 's be kick in the stomach ) ' despicable ' ... ( close he eye in pain first time in my life anybody ever apply that word to I . BRADLEY ( look up , gently ) at least it 's a personal reprimand -~ not official . patton ( suddenly , violently ) that man be yellow ! should have be try for cowardice and shot ! ( then , just as suddenly , confuse ) have they forget about all the people who be get a hell of 6 lot worse than a little kick in the pants ?... I ruffle he pride a little , what 's that compare to war ? , .. two week ago , when we take palermo , I be a hero -- the great general since stonewall Jackson . now they draw cartoon about I -- the dirty bastard . cont , '' 66 250 cont.1 251 252 253 254 . patton ( cont . ) ( hand a newspaper clipping to Bradley ) they have get I hold a little GI and kick he with a iron boot . {his rage and resentment building ) you see what 's on that boot ? a swastika ! on my boot ! a iron boot with a swastika on it ! he take the letter from Bradley , slump back in he chair , read in a dead , lifeless voice . _ ' patton ' , .. you will apologize to the soldier you slap , so all doctor and nurse who be present in the tent , to every patient who can be reach , and last but not least , to the seventh Army as a whole , through individual unit , one at a time . ' Bradley look at patton with genuine sympathy . fatton God , I feel low . int . chapel of patton' palazzo in palermo - full shot - day patton kneel , praying , in the nave in front of a huge byzantine marble candleholder . the morning sunlight stab through the window of the dome . mo . shot patton rise and we see that he be dress in he typical magnificence . he isave the chapel . ext . the palazzo - full shot Men of patton 's commend be gather outside . they immediately become silent as patton 's impressive figure stride across the entrance to the head of a broad stairway . a officer atten -shun ! moving shot as patton proceed to the center , we see the face of young gis watch he . we see the nurse , the doctor who have be present in the tent . 255 256 257 - 25 66 85 mo , shot - patton he look over the man intently , take a deep breath , pull himself to he full height . patton I think I would stand up here and let you fellow see if I 'mas big a sonuvabitch as some of you think I be . full shot digarm , the gis go wild ! first , with laughter , then with cheer . this please patton . he finally hold he hand up for silence . patton ( with quiet dignity ) I assure you I have no intention of be either harsh or cruel in my treatment of the soldier in question . my sole purpose be to try and restore in he some appreciation of he obligation as a man and & soldier . if one can shame a coward , I feel , one might help he regain he self - respect ... it be this I have in mind -- though I admit freely now that my method be wrong ... I hope you will understand my motive -- and will accept this explanation and this apology ... dismiss . black and white newsreel newsreel title : patton soldier -slapping stir heat controversy A. mo . shot - woman at podium a middle - age woman speak before half a dozen micro - phone , ( ) narrator's voice o68 . Mrs. hilda Scott , National President of mother for America , give we the woman 's point of view : mrs , scott as a woman , I think that monster patton should be throw out of the Army ! as a mother , I demand it ! cont . 86 257 - cont. 259 B mo , close shot - congressman at SMALL lectern ( ) narrator's voice 0.8. congressional opinion be sharply divide , debate the subject here be Representative William Shaw , of omaha , nebraska : representative shaw ( shaking he jowl he take he stand ) my friend , if you have a good thoroughbre racehorse that bite and kick the stableboy , but win a race for you every Saturday , you would be crazy to take he out and shoot he , would not you ? he wait for and get he applause . meanwhile : narrator's voice ( o.8 . ) this point of view be oppose by Congressman Sam buckman , of California . camera execute a hand -held pan to another Congressman stand at a similar lectern across the stage . representative buckman I say to you , lady and gentleman , that we happen to care about we stableboys ! we think they be worth a good deal more than win a horse race ! there be wild applause . ( note : end of newsreel ) 66 260 87 int . patton' palazzo headquarters in palermo - mo . shot ( trucking ) - night camera move ahead of patton and meek as they move through a series of office toward patton 's private office . patton it be my belief , meek , that the temple we see today mark the spot where hasdrubal commit suicide in 397 b.c. , and that the Greeks build that temple to celebrate the act . but when the carthaginian come back , they destroy it . meek yes , sir . patton on second think , I be not sure if it be hasdrubal or the old hannibal . anyhow , when he see that the battle be lose , he jump on the funeral pyre . they ‘have arrive in patton 's private office , where codman be arrange a tray on which he have a ice bucket with bottle of champagne and several glass . he be tran - ~ ferring a pile of envelope from the tray to patton 's desk . codman good evening , General . just want to make a report on a private poll I have be take . patton what poll ? codman the fan mail . eleven percent ' con ' -- eighty - enine percent ' pro ' . that eleven percent of protest in most case be both obscene and anonymous . but the ' pro ' letter be mostly from relative and serviceman . ( pick one up , read : ) ' I want you to know that we be proud we son be serve in you Army . from the newspaper account , we be not clear as to exactly what you do , and why , but we want you to know we be for you . keep go , and God bless you . '! patton ( morosely ) ' keep go ! where ? cont . 88 260 cont . during the above , meek have withdraw . ccodma 's ntry to cheer he up ) I think you might like a sip of wine , General ... it 's New Year 's Day -- and you do not celebrate at all last night . patton I be feed up with sit here in this royal doghouse . we have take Sicily . I be ready for a new assignment . codman maybe you have get it . ( take a envelope from the tray ) here 's a radio message just come in . patton ( before open the envelope , he ambition clear ) the one come up be the big job . Command of all american troops for the european invasion . patton open the envslope and read the message . he be quite literally stunne . patton cod -- I have bven relieved , ( unable to accept it ) they have relieved I from command of seventh Army . godman I do not believe it . patton hand he the message . patton ( grimly ) happy New year} codman wait a minute , sir . if they be go to give you another command , be not it logical that they would relieve you here first ? patton ( wonder if he dare share codman 's optimism ) 66 you mean the invasion command ? cont. oo 66 89 260 cont.1 261 codman nod . patton well -- it 's possible -- ( die to believe ) I know it 's be discuss fram time to time . codman the logic of it be so obvious . it could not mean anything else J ( with sudden enthusiasm ) Sir , I be go to open this bottle of wine . patton ( codman 's enthusiasm be contagious ) by God , I be go to help you drink itl int . patton' bedroom in palazzo - mo . shot - night the drape be draw and meek have laid out patton 's uniform for tomorrow . meek himself be seat by the bed , gravely polish the already - shine helmet . as patton enter , meek rise , study he with unobtrusive concern . but patton be in good spirit , buoy up by the wine and by he renew hope . . meek ( watch he closely ) how you feel , General ? patton not bad . not bad at all . ( sit on bed ) get I some write paper , will you , George . . meek yes , sir . pattoy ( pull off one shoe ) you wit ever give you tne devil for not write ? meek all the time . but I do not write as often as you do . just can not get around to it . cont. C ) 90 261 cont. patton lucky thing for we that we have get teme ( grin , he pull off the other shoe ) who the hell would want to marry a couple of proken - down horse cavalryman ? meek that 's what my wife say to I every time I come home . patton have rise and cross to the french door lead to a balcony . he glance at a clock on the mantel as he go . patton George , what be you do up this late ? meek ( evasively ) I just think you might like a nice hot bath or a glass of milk or something -- 262 ext . loggia outside patton' bedroom - mo . shot as patton step out to inhale the sweet night air , meek appear behind he from the bedroom . meek I get a sleep pill from the doc w- just in case you need it . patton sleep pill ?... say , what 's go on here meek {he think patton be conceal he real feeling ) General , we all hear the news tonight . they announce it on the radio . patton what news ? meek you know . about General Bradley . how they give he the top american command for the invasion . 66 cont . o 66 gl 262 cont . 263 this hit patton right between the eye , shatter utterly the optimistic dream he build up with codman . he look wounded and pale . patton oh ... oh , yeah -- meek I figure you might be feel kind of low -- unable to reply , patton simply shake he head . two shot - patton and meek feeling utterly helpless , meek gesture toward the bedroom . meek you writin ' thing be on the desk . patton no , I -- I will not be write tonight . acutely aware of patton 's suffer , meek be deeply move . meek ( loyaliy resentful , he shake he head ) one little dogface -- one measly little slap -- that 's what do it . patton ( suddenly venting he emotion oh , George -- I wish I would kiss the sonuvabitch ! pade out 66 intermission '' 264 a - 26h , 66 265 92 fade in ext , lawn of villa in corsica ( ajaccio ) - mo . long shot - day the sweeping lawn look out over the Roman sea wall , the old port and the colorful city itself . gather on the lawn be the middle - age lady and gentleman of the upper-crust french colony . stand on the landing of a sweeping flight of step , patton be address they in prench . patton nous rendon hommage aux superbes force de la France libre mense par le General De gaulle et le General leclerc . et n'oublion pas les heros , homme et femme , de la resistance , qui risquent leur vie chaque jour pour vaincre le boche . camera have pull back , leave patton , and center ona group of four or five correspondent gather around codman , who be translate for they . codman {his eye on patton ) he be pay tribute to the free french force under De gaulle and leclerc . also to the brave man and woman of the resistance who risk they life every day to help destroy the Germans , intercut - patton and codman patton codman La France redeviendra ( keep a eye libre -- je vous en donne on patton , translate ) mar parole ! tout comme ' France will be free agaia -- les troupes de la France I give you my word . just as libre ont debarque ici en free french troops land corse pour liberer la terre here in corsica to liberate natale de napoleon , je debarquerai bientot en I will land someday in France et aiderai a la prance and help liberate the liberation de la terre natale birthplace of Lafayette ! de Lafayette ! the birthplace of wapoleoa , mo . shot - patton the conclusion of he remark have bring enthusiastic applause . smiling and bow , he step down the stair and be accept the warm congratulation of the local leader as codman come into scene . cont. 93 265 cont . codman General -- the reporter would like a word with you . 266 group shot ~ the correspondent they watch as codman iead patton over to they . patton ' afternoon , gentleman -~- first correspondent General patton , can you say anything about the purpose of this visit to corsica ? patton ( gruffly ) I be order here by General eisenhower . first correspondent it be report that you write the mother of the boy you slap , say : ' the yellow rat should have be shot . ' be that true , General ? with a visible effort , patton manage to control himself patton no comment . second correspondent I understand General Alexander suggest you take on General Mark Clark 's ass tenment in Italy , but the War Department ilte ecause of the slapping incident . patton glare at the correspondent but control himself . patton no comment . second correspondent can you tell we where you will be go from here ? patton General eisenhower have order I to malta . that 's off the record . interview conclude . patton teke one last glaring look at the first correspondent who ask about the " yellow rat " latter , then turn away and exit . 66 267 268 ou int , reichschancellery map room - two shot - jodl and steiger - night jodl malta ? steiger yes , sir . with a look of concern , jodi turn to a large wall map , study it gravely . he point first to the island of malta , then to the coast of Greece . jodl malta as a base , possibly -= then Southern Greece -- ( he turn with sudden decision , pick up a phone ) get I field marshal keitel . ext . ruined fortress in malta - mo . shot - day patton be act as guide for he staff , point out to they the ancient fort . patton during the siege of 1528 , that fort be hold by four hundred Knights of malta and eight hundred mercenary against a force of forty . thousand Turks . as the other look off at the fort , patton turn privately to codman . . patton codman -- do we get any response from ike about that two turkey I send he for Christmas ? codman no , sir . patton motion for the other to investigate . patton go on over , gentleman -- take a look . as the officer move off , patton speak to codman , shaking he head . patton I be afraid you boy have hitched you wagon to a fall star ... pass the word -- if anyone want out , I will understand . cont. qo ) 268 cont . codman Sir , I can speak for the entire staff . we want to stay with you , no matter what duty you be assign . patton ( seethe with deep , barely controllable frustration ) up in London they be plan the invasion of Europe . what the hell be I do out here in the boondock ? this be the moment I have train my mind and body and spirit for . I be a soldier ! it 's as natural for I to be a soldier as it be to breathe , and it would be as hard to give up as it would to stop breathe ! ( growl resentfully ) all right , let 's get on to Cairo -- see if the pyramid be still stand . 269 int . reichschancellery map room - close shot - map of egypt - day @ camera pull back to reveal jodl talk on a phone as he study the map . steiger be by he side . jodl ( into phone ) there be only one reason for he to be in Cairo . to confer with the Greek and yugoslav government in exile ... let the italian garrison Italy , for God 's sake -- it 's they country . we will need we german troops to reinforce Crete and the coast of Greece if patton strike from Egypt ! he hang up , concerned and preoccupy . steiger I have some naw information , sir . patton be under severe criticism . he may even be court-martialed . ( indicate news release in he hand ) it seem he slap a enlist man . jodl ( lose patience ) / steiger , do you believe everything they put in they newspaper ? would they sacrifice they best field commander 66 because he slap a common soldier ? 270 271 272 66 96 ext , london STREET - night a London bobby stroll the fog-shroude street as a big black Packard , its headlight shield , careen around @ corner and come to a stop in front of a brownstone pbuild . patton , bundle in a heavy coat , step out of the car , accompany by codman , and approach the inconspicuous front door . int , live room - london flat - full shot patton and codman enter , admit by a corporal . patton take a critical look about . the decor be extremely feminine , with a panele foyer , dainty Louis XV furniture , fluffy drape and exotic print . patton ( growl ) this place be for I ? corporal yes , sir . this way , sir . patton ogrumble as he follow ) whoever find this place be a genius for cloak - and - dagger . the corporal lead the way through the frilly hallway . int . bedroom - london flat - full shot the curtain be pink and the walis be cover with mirror . there be a white bear rug on the parquet . the room be dominate by a enormous white bed iying low and lascivious under a fancy pink silk - embroider coverlet . patton look up at the ceiling . another angle the entire ceiling be cover with mirror . : patton ( to codman ) who the hell pick this cathouse ? codman I believe it be generali Smith , sir . patton he do it to spite I , the sonuvabitch ! reflected in the ceiling mirror , the image of General bedell Smith be see enter the room . cont. 66 97 273 cont . 27h smith welcome to London , georgie . mo , shot patton turn to Smith and he arrogance subside . he be mentally exhaust and deeply apprehensive . Smith be businesslike , unbend , humorless . patton hello , beetle . be ... be ike here ? smith he ask I to brief you . ( to codman and the corporal ) Excuse we , please . codman and the corporal quickly take they leave , closin ; the mirrore door . Smith make himself comfortable in one of the plump chair . smith first of all , I want to put you straight about ike . we hear a lot about you criticize he decision . patton no , beetle , not really , Hell , you know I be just a damn fool , but some - time I wonder whether he 's a limey at heart . smith George , this be the toughest coalition ever attempt in history . ike sit on top , try to hold it together and lick the Germans at the same time . believe I , it 's one hell of a job . patton I know that . but , beetle -- smith we have a important job for you in connection with the normandy invasion -- patton I have study the * verlord plan , and it have one serious flaw , it depend on monty take caen on d-day . well , he !'1l never make it , because it 's impossibl . [ have get a plan for another landing in the vicinity of calais , followinr a air bombardement -- cont. o 66 27h cont . 98 smite ( interrupt ) please -- will you just listen for a change ? and remember , ike stick by you when everyone -- and I mean everyone -- want patton with a rope around he neck . ( with finality ) we be go to let it leak out that you be here under cover -- that you be prepare to invade at the pas de calais . we hope to pin down the german fifteenth Army there so they can not be use against we in normandy . patton ( deeply shake ) be that all you people think i'm good for ? smith ( ignore this ) we be building a army of twelve division around you -- ali fictitious , of course . dummy troop concentration , dummy landing craft and simulate radio traffic ... you see , the Germans be convinced that you be go to lead the main invasion effort ... the german agent will spot you here before long . then we will move you to you new headquarters in knutsford . patton what do I do there ? smith nothing . absolutely nothing . ( rise , prepare to leave ) frankly , George , you be on probation . if you take my advice , you will benave yourself . and remember , you worst enemy be you own big mouth . 66 a-274 275 99 ist , bissahowsr's headquarters at grosvenor square - mo , shot + wight patton be wait in a large anteroom what have a auiet but vigorous excitement about it . staff officer bob out of this door , into that one . a door open and General Bradley come out . patton notice he with pleasure . patton Brad ! Bradley hes important thing on he mind , but he be pleased to see he old boss . BRADLEY good to see you . how be everything ? bedell Smith stick he head out of the office mark general eisenhower , beckon to Bradley . . smith oh , General Bradley -- Bradley turn to find Smith beckone he to come into ike 's office . this , of course , be a command . BRADLEY Excuse I , will you , George . patton sure , erad . see you later -- Bradley have follow Smith into the office , leave patton alone and very much out of thing . ext , town of knutsford - mo , long shot - day a all - female brass band , resplendent in they woman 's land Army uniform , be play with a good deal more enthusiasm than talent . a large group of lady stand outside the new knutsford " welcome " Club , attach to the front of which be a large red , white end blue banner read : knutsford welcomes our american ally . the band play the star and stripe forever as patton 's car pull up into the crowd , which seem to be populate solely by middle - age and older woman . patton 's Packard come to a stop by codman who open the door . de be surprised by a menace white English bull terrier , who be immediately vwpon he . patton step out , hold the dog 's leash . patton look at this nasty - face sonuvabitch , codman , breed for combat . I be go to call he William , for William the conqueror . ' go . o 100 275 cont . 276 277 278 66 the dog cause some consternation among the lady , codman General , maybe you would better leave he in the car , . patton it 's all right , codman . good afternoon , ledey . William spot a medium -size terrier , as do patton . patton watch this , cod . codman General , he will kill that dog ! patton neh , I will hold he , angle on the terrier he see William , bear he small fang and growl menacingly . angle on patton and william William shrink back in fear , run around behind patton , peer nervously from behind he leg , whining piteously . mo . shot as the littlest , daintiest lady stoops to pick up the terrier , lady I be terribly sorry , General . do abigail frighten you poor dog ? patton ( crestfallen ) quite all right , Madame . codman smile , ease patton away . codman this way , sir . patton ( fiercely , to William , as he go ) you name be not William . it 's willy ! 66 279 280 201 ext . the new club - day patton sit quietly with willy on the floor by he chair , while a mrs . smith open the proceedings : mrs . smith my dear friend , General George S. patton , Jr. have accept we invitation to say a few word to you in honour of this inaugural ceremony . angle favoring patton he feel a fish out of water in this frumpy and frilly environment . mrs . smith General patton be not here in he official capacity . and I have assure he most earnestly that nothing he say will be quote ... May I present ; General patton . patton rise , a little flush - face , as the british lady applaud . codman lean over and whisper to he : codman remember , sir -- watch you languag . patton take he place at the podiun . patton my dear lady , until today my only experience in welcoming have be to welcome Germans and italian to the infernal region . in this I have be quite successful , as the troops whom I have have the honor to command have kill or capture some 170,000 of we enemy . with that the lady go into another dainty round of applause , a few of they shouting in they meek little voice : " hear , hear ! " patton I feel that such club as this be of very real value because I believe with Mr. Bernard Shaw that the british and the Americans be two people separate by a common language . a titter of laughter go across the room . cont . o 66 102 280 cont . 281 - 284 patton and since it be the evident destiny of the british and the Americans to rule the world , the better we know each other the better we will do . during the applause that follow , codman lean . forward , try to get patton 's attention . codman ( during the applause ) the Russians ! do not forget the Russians ! patton turn but can not hear what codman be say because of the applause . scowl at codman , he turn back and proceed . patton a club like this be a ideal place for promote mutual understanding . as soon as we soldier meet and know the English lady and write home and tell we woman how truly . lovely you be , the sooner the american lady will get jealous and force this war to a quick termination . and I will then get a chance to go to the Pacific and kill japanese . more enthusiastic applause ring through the crowd and the little lady stand up , some on tiptoe , to honor the General , the band start to play . black and white newsreel newsreel title : patton insult russian ally ! A. pull shot - union square in new york ( stock ) the square be fill with angry , milling protester , some listen to speaker . narrator's voice ( o.s . ) in city all over the nation , mass meeting be hold to protest General George patton 's statement that Britain and America will rule the postwar world -- that Russia will have nothing to say . cont. 103 ey 281 - cont. ; 284 . B. int . senator' office a senator be seat at he desk , with a american flag on a standard behind he , narrator's voice ( o.8 - ) congressional leader , like Senator glaiborn foss , be quick to react . senator foss this man have insulted we Russian ally , imply anglo - american world rule . in my opinion he should be severely discipline . c. mo . shot - mrs . scott a familiar - look middle - age woman speak at a microphone . narrator's voice Mrs. hilda Scott , National President of mother for America : @ wrs , . scolt I still think that monster should be throw out of the Army . note : end of newsresl 285 int . bedell smith be o* fice in london - day patton ( stand before Smith 's desk ) beetle , this sime I gid not doa damn thing ! tasy say there be no reporter there . I just make a few remark off the record . smith ike tell you to keep you mouth shut and you would not listen . do not you realize how suspicious the Russians be of the 3ritish and ourselves ? patton iwas just try to be polite to the old lady . if they would have any ) Russians there , I would have with mention they . I do not like the sonsuvbitch , but I would have ee mention they out of politeness . cont. '' 66 10k . 285 cont . 286 - 25h , patton ( cont . ) ( irritate to find himself out of he element ) beetle , I do not kmow anything about politics -- you kmow that . TI have no political ambition after the war . all I want to do be command a army in combat ! smith it 's out of we hand , George . ike send a massage last night to the Chief of staff in Washington . patton General Marshall be a good man , a fair man . smith so now it 's up to Marshall whether you stay here as a decoy or he order you home . black and white newsreel ( to be assembled essentially from stock footage ) newsreel headline : invasion fleet sail ! ( ) narrator's voice os. assemble in the port of England , the mightiest armada in military history prepare to cross the channel and assault the german-held fortress of Europe . A. series of cuis ub feature the load of lst and other naval craft . tank and vehicle of all type and size creak aboard the big ship . E. gangplank of british troopship as tommy in battle dress move up the gangplank . f. angle on general montgomery on the dockside , he 's shaking hand and laugh with some of he man as they head toward the gangplank . G. full shot - american troopship thousands of gis wave as the ship move out . H. close shot ~ general BRADLEY he wave back from the bridge of a naval vessel . i. long shot as the invasion fleet pull out . 105 295 ext , peover hall - long shot - night a car drive up and patton get out , go inside . 296 int , entrance hall - patton' residence at knutsford ( peover hall ) the large foyer be cold and cavernous . meek come to the door to meet patton as he enter , take he cap and coat . patton 's face be draw and somber , patton George , the war be over . : msek Sir ? patton it 's just a matter of wait for we order . meek study patton 's face with sympathy and concern . patton I thirk I be destine to achieve some great thing . what , I do not know . but this last incident be so trivial in its nature and so terrible in its effect that it be not the result of a accident , but the work of God . meek yes , sir . patton do you realize , George -- this may be the last great opportunity of my lifetime ? imagine -- a war involve the entire world -- and I be leave out of it ! God will not permit this . T must be allow to fulfill my destiny ! ( then quietly ) eis will be do . he turn and move off across the huge lonely hall . a. black and white newsreel 301 newsreel headline : d-day ! ally invade FRANCE ! cont . 66 66 106 2e97 - cont . 306 307 308 narrator's voice ( 0.8 . ) in the great amphibious operation ever attempt , a predawn naval bombardment prepare 's the way for ally soldier to assault the normandy beach and claw out a desperate foothole on the continent of Europe . oe series of cut of naval ship the great armada lie off 's the coast of normandy , its gun and rocket blast the beach . from the troop transport landing craft be lower to the sea , and man clamber down the cargo net to board they . E .- series of cut on the assault beach oe the landing craft boil through the surf , they ramp slap down and the man pour out . they struggle forward through the water , shellfire explode all around they . a landing craft be hit but another take its place . the man fight they way up the beach . note : end of newsreel ext , c-47 airplane in flight over channel - full shot - day ext , C -47 airplane - mo . shot it be a bucket - seat job , load with high - priority equipment -- spare airplane part , several propeller , a big electric generator , etc . squeeze into the available space between the crate and heavy equipment be patton , codman , meek and willy . beside patton be a volume of history of the norman conquest . he have he batter michelin road map ‘out and be show it to codman . patton I know monty could not take caen on D - day of D plus ten , and I say so . here they be , all hang up in this hedgerow country . what they should do now be pivot , the way von schlieffen do on alsace . then we would have a chance to do some break field run . ( toss map aside ) but they will not listen to I . ( glance about disgustedly ) what a way to land on the continent of Europe . with the rest of the spare part . ( he pick up one , look at it and throw it aside ) cont. 107 7 ) 308 cont . codman ( with a smile ) Sir , everything on this plane be high -priority . General dradley would not send for you unless he have something in mind . patton ( after a moment , with deep resolve ) I have learn my lesson , cod . if I ever get another chance , so help I , I be go to shut up end play the game . ( sternly ) if I forget that , you remind I ! '' ( dman I will give you a ventle nudge in the rib . patton you give I a swift kick in the ass ? codma . 1 @ ( swallow hard ) yes , sir . 309 ext . bradley' mobile field office in normandy - mo . s2ft - day a flight of p - 51 roar by overhead as Bradley 's jeep , pear patton and codman , Bradley 's aide drive , pull into the tent compound that make up the command post . they be meet by hansen , who salute sharply . hansen General -- welcome to France , : patton I hope there 's still a war go on , hansen . where 's the boss ? hansen this way , sir . artillery fire can be hear in the distance as patton and codman step out of the jeep and follow hansen , 310 another angle ~ bradley' mobile fisld office this new map van be half the length of a pullman car and oy ) be connect by a hinge steel deck to the 2 - 1 / 2 ton truck use for Bradley 's live auarter . patton , codman and hansen be approach the vehicle when Montgomery , all 66 bustle and business , come out . cont. oq 66 108 310 cont . 311 montgomery patton} ! have not see you since Messina ! patton how be you , General ? montgomery understand you be do a splendid job of decoy the jerries . ( jauntily ) forgive I -- I be off to the front ... best of everything , old boy . ( he pause , turn ) ~ by the way -- Intelligence have confirm that I be against rommel again . he hurry on over to he jeep and drive off . patton watch he go , green with envy . patton rommel . I would love to tangle with that beautiful bastard . Bradley have appear in the doorway of he field office . BRADLEY ( call out ) how be you , George ? patton ( come over ) pretty fair , Brad -- for a man on the dole . they shake hand and Bradley escort he inside . int . bradley' mobile field office - full shot this specially design trailer be quite elaborate . four plexiglass astrodome in the roof admit daylight , and a bank of fluorescent illuminate the mapboard that run the length of the wall . there be a carpete , mahogany - panele office in the front , separate from the map room by a railing . it look like the chancel of a well - appoint church . patton ( glance around ) this be very plush . ( grin ) look like you be buck for archbishop . cont . @ 66 31il cont . 109 BRADLEY ( aiffidently ) Chet hansen have this rig build for I . ( get down to business ) George -- ike want I to have a talk with you . I tell he you and I could level with each other . patton that 's right . BRADLEY we be go to activate third Army soon as I take over 12th Army Group . patton ( he eye brighten ) do I get it ? BRADLEY I will be honest with you -- I have have reservation . you have be senior to I ever since I get out of the Academy . you be the boss in North Africa and Sicily . might be a problem for both of we . patton it would not bother I . BRADLEY the other thing be -- ( he hesitates ) I do not want to hit this too hard -- but we be different kind of people , George .-- patton you be right , Brad . goddammit , you be always right . between my screwy idea and you brain , we make a wonderful team . we prove that in Sicily . BRADLEY tell you the truth -- if I would be you senior in Sicily , I would have relieved you . cont . '' 66 311 cont.1 110 patton ( plead come hard , but he 's desperate ) Brad , I will crawl on my belly to get a command . for God 's sake , gst I into the fight . the only way I can get out of the doghouse be to pull something spectacular . I have to get back in this war ! my God , Hitler 's own people try to kill he two day ago . first thing you know it will be over and -- ( the think be too awful ; frankly begging ) I will keep my mouth shut . I will be - have myself -- I give you my word , Brad . Bradley study he for a moment . without respond , Bradley turn to a big map on the wall , change the subject entirely . BRADLEY George , I have be work on a plan call cobra . like to kmow what you think of it . 312 angle at map chagrine , patton reluctantly follow as Bradley use the map to illustrate he remark . BRADLEY we be slugging we way through hedgerow country half a acre a day . have to find a way to break out . ( point ) I want to use this st.-lo - perier road . let monty pin down the enemy force around caen ... we would pulverize a area three and a half mile wide with saturation bombing . follow that up with seven division . then we will have third Army swing around and make a end run across France . ( ask for a professional opinion ) well -- what do you think ? patton I think you need a screwball horse cavalryman to command third Army . BRADLEY - ( with a quiet grin ) George -~ we come to that conclusion back in England three month ago . cont. 66 312 cont . 111 patton you what ? accusingly , as he realize Bradley mean it ) why , you dirty son of a -- I ( suddenly pull himself ee I forget . I promise to keep my mouth shut ! 313 int . reichschancellery map room - mo . shot - day rommel and jodl be examine a large wall map of the normandy coast , with steiger stand by . rommel point to several sharp salient indicate in the german defense near coutance . rommel what be this enemy activity near coutance ? jodl ( glance at paper in he hand ) ' enemy armored force drive through we defense at lessay . american tank unit move at great speed , slice through to the rear area . ' steiger ( to rommel ) Excuse I , field marshal . this sound very much like patton . jodl ( in mild annoyance ) patton be in England . rommel do we know this ? jodl normandy be merely a feint . the major invasion will come at calais and patton will lead it . the fuehrer have order thet under no circumstance should the fifteenth Army be move to normandy . rommel that man be sit on the beach at calais throw pebble at each other while we man in normandy be be slaughter . cont. C ) 313 cont. 314 315 316 317 318 319 66 112 jodil the fifteenth Army be wait for patton at calais and calais be where he will land . rommel you seem perfectly willing , jodi , to accept this nonsense . why ? jodl {with a faint smile of superiority ) because I be not prepare , sir , to dispute the fuehrer . ext . road leading out of hedgerow country - moving shot - day tank drive forward at tremendous speed . there be a air of excitement , of movement , of drive . ext . another road patton 's jeep drive madly along . come up alongside the lead tank without pause , patton stand in the jeep and shout to the tank commander . patton go as far as you can , as fast as you can ! high angle ( p.0.v . of airplane ) shoot down on a armored column racing along a road . angle on p-51 in flight close shot - tank commander in turret of moving tank pilot' voice ( 0.8 . ) there 's a roadblock up ahead . slow down and I 'li see what I can do . tank commander ( into he mike ) Roger . he turn to give the signal to slow down the column . angle on german roadblock it be build of wreck vehicle and wooden timber . the german soldier , hearing the roar of advance armor , assume position of defense . there be the sound of a fast - approach aircraft , 66 320 321 322 323 324 113 up angle on p-51 the plane be angle down , its wing gun fire . mo . shot - roadblock Machine - gun bullet pound the area , and some of the Germans man the roadblock be cut down . the p - 51 roar by overhead . another angle on roadblock as american armored column approach , gather speed . two german soldier who be not hit attempt to reposition they panzerfaust to get a shot at the lead tank . moving shot - lead tank it do not hesitate , but crash through the roadblock , its machine gun fire , knock out the panzerfaust and its crew . it race on relentlessly , follow by the other tank . int . bradley' mobile field iffice - mo . shot - day the map section be bustling with activity now . a couple of noneom work at celluloid - cover wall map with sponge , try to keep . up with patton 's advance . they alter the little red square and circle represent german position -- and the blue one represent that of the ally . General Bradley and General bedell Smith be watch the change record on the map as camera move in to two shot of they . smith you would think George would at least have the courtesy to let we know where he 's go . Bradley grin , delighted that patton be perform so well . they be interrupt by hansen , who hand a message to Bradley . hansen Excuse I , General , there 's a heavy german counterattack aim at mortain . five panzer and ss division have penetrate the first Army front . BRADLEY ( he face serious as he study the message ) keep I post on this , Chet . with 66 325 a-325 b~325 1uy int . reichschancellery map room - mo . shot - day steiger -- now a major -- watch as jodl study a wall map show the german advance toward mortain . ( it be the equivalent of the map in a soldier' story , page 373 . ) jodl ( elate as he study the map ) this offensive be a stroke of military genius . and remember -- it be order by the fuehrer -- not by the Army ! ( point to deep german penetration ) this attack isolate the british from the Americans . we will drive they piecemeal back into the sea . ( motion north with the back of he hand ) Montgomery this way -- ( sweeping south and west with he palm ) Bradley and patton this way . steiger but we do not even know where patton be ? ext . roadside - mo . shot - day a column of troops be march by as Bradley and hansen , ina jeep , scan the countryside look for someone . suddenly hansen point to a section of the march column . hansen there he be , sir . in that column -- angle on marching column in the column of gis march at route step be patton . he 's talk to the man with great interest -- and listen just as intently . after a moment , hansen 's voice can be hear . hansen's voice ( 0.86 General patton -- ! patton look up , see Bradley . with a nod to the march soldier , he move out to join Bradley , camera follow he to Bradley 's jeep . patton ( to Bradley ) this one outfit 's be drag its tail , and I come up here to find out why ... Men be tired , that 's all -- and they be badly lead . I will put a new commander in here and they will be fine . cont . '' vy 66 135 b-325 cont . 326 BRADLEY George , we have get the german attack pretty well stop at mortain . I believe we can turn this pocket into a trap if we move fast enough . patton you give I the word and I will drive north to falaise . BRADLEY no -- I want you to go as far as argentan and hold there . Montgomery 's Canadian will come on down and close the gap . patton he 's not set for it -- and I be . we can mousetrap a whole german Army in that pocket , but if we wait for monty , they will get away ... Brad , if that Germans escape , we will only have to fight they again someplace else . BRADLEY . do not you think I realize that , George ? patton then let I nail they . BRADLEY there will be nineteen german division try to bust out of that trap . you would be stretch too thin . be - side , you might run into we own bombing . ( with quiet but final authority ) I want you to build up a solid shoulder at argentan and hold there - understand ? patton ( control the explosion within he ) yes , sir -- goddemmit ! int . patton' command post - full shot - night patton be fencing with a young british liaison officer . { perhaps saber would be more interesting and effective than foil . ) patton be more expert than the englishman -- and much more aggressive . he slashes awey , always on the attack -- never parry . jilly be lie on the floor watch the fencer . Bell enter the room , not at all surprised at what be go on . cont. 66 326 cont . 116 bell Excuse I , sir . patton what be it ? ( still - fencing ) you guard , Phillips ! bell Sir , the Canadian have already advanced by one-half mile . patton ( slashing away at he opponent ) half a mile ? what the hell be monty do ? cexasperate , to the britisher ) I could kill every damn kraut in that pocket if I do not have to sit here and wait for that boss of yours ... I would drive the british back into the sea for another dunkirk . why do not monty just attack ?! ( slashing aggressively ) that 's what I do -- I attack !... atway attack ! he 's drive he opponent back almost to the. wall . bell Sir , field marshal rommel 's car be hit today in a strafing attack by one of we plane . he be very badly wounded . patton stop fencing , slowly lower he saber . after a moment , he growl : patton hope he pull through -- the sonuvabitch . obviously move and disturb by this news , he toss he saber aside , speak with sudden determination : patton Bell -- get General Bradley on the phone . bell yes , sir . @ 66 327 328 329 330 331 332 333 33k 117 close shit - patton on phone patton ( insistently ) Brad -- instead of sit on my rosy butt wait for monty , why can not I get move again ? there 's nothing out front -- nothing between I and the seine !... my intelligence people tell I there 's hardly any german strength between vitre and the loire . and the bridge at anger be still intact . close shot - bradlzy on phone BRADLEY can you hold that shoulder and still move forward ? close shot - patton on phone patton Hell , I can leave two division here to wait for monty and I can be across the seine in a weekl ... whatts thet ? I can not hear you , Brad --! close shit - BRADLEY on phone 5 BRADLEY ( raise he voice ) I say get move } ext . road through french countryside - day a column of tank roar down the road and into camera at high speed , mud fly in ail direction . mo . shot - supply truck - day careen down highway . in the b.g. we see more column of tank , there be movement everywhere , ext . the road to le man - day column of mud-spatter vehicle move forward , company of infantry plodd on through the wet . one GI look up and turn to he friend . GI good God , look at that ! what they sez they first view of patton in combat . he be stand up in he command car , he attire all spit and polish . on cont. '' 116 334 cont . 335 336 337 338 339 340 - 66 he hip be the pistol , on he head the polished helmet . even the command car manage to remain immaculate and shiny . one GI shout out to he : GI where you go , General ? patton turn , smile . patton . to berlint I be personally go to shoot that paper-hang sonuvabitch ! mo . long shot - american tank platoon they be fire from a hull - down position behind a little rise . mo . sho ? - german tak it be hit and blow up . long shot - on road german infantry troops be be herde to the rear by gis . close shot - newspaper headline the headline read : patton dash across FRANCE third army bag 20,000 german camera pull back to reveal the paper in the hand of Bradley . with a broad grin on he face , Bradley hand the paper over to hansen . BRADLEY give George a headline and he 's good for another thirty mile . ext . country road - day patton 's armor roar past as a column of german soldier , hand behind they neck , trudge in the opposite direction . int . reichschancellery - map room steiger be keep he own score of the german casualty inflicted by patton 's army , he have a piece of opaque plastic on he desk , on which have be print in crayon the word casualtie . under this be the follow : kill ... . . 4,126 wounded ... . 13,084 capture . . . . 16,119 go , . 66 119 340 cont . 3hl 343 3bh steiger erase the 16 , 119 figure with a cloth and substitute 18,563 . ext . roadside ~ mo . shot - day a american half - track with General carver in it pull up alongside a lead tank . carver shout to the tank commander , ' carver have you lose contact with the enemy ? commander yes , sir . carver well , move up after they ! commander ( grin ) we bypass they , General . they be behind we ! in ?. reichschancellery - mo . close shot - steiger work on he chart again . it now read : kill . . . . 8,973 wounded . . . 27,081 capture . . . 16,563 he be rub out the 18,563 figure and substitute 34,10 ) . ext . field - day a column of third Army tank stop . several tank commander be squatting around they map . tank commander # 1 Hell , it just be not on the map ! tank commander # 2 you know why ? we have run clear off the map . -int . reichschancellery - mo . close shot - steiger his chart now read : kill . . . . 16,217 wounded . . . 55,023 capture , . . 34,104 he be rub out the 34,10 figure and substitute in crayon 62,163 . 66 3l5 3h6 3l7 348 39 350 351 352 120 ext . road - mo . shot - day patton and codman be ina jeep as it move down the road . they be look up into the sky end patton be talk into a microphone . up angle - on light recon plane as it circle overhead . mo . long shot - road still look up , patton yell order into the microphone and gesture toward a halt tank column beside the road . another angle several small parachute blossom open below the circle plane and drop to the ground . camera pan down as tank commander rush to open the tubular packet attach to the chute . Maps be unroll and the tank commander remount they vehicle . in a few moment the tank engine be roaring as they speed onward again . mo . shot - patton' jeep there be a broad triumphant grin on patton 's face as the jeep roar past the tank column . the tanker wave and grin back es patton pass . on he face , as he feel the thrill of this hell - for-leather dash , be a expression close to ecstasy . ext . road intersection - mo . shot - day several ambulance be try to cross the main road , and & heavy traffic snarl have develop , two tank be slithering around in the mud , they tread get no traction , add to the confusion , a mp knee - deep in mud be try to unsnarl the traffic , but he 's not get anywhere . int . light liaison plane - close shot - patton his face be grim as he see the traffic snarl below . patton ( to Pilot ) take I down to that foul - up . ext . plane - long shot as it circle and proceed to land in a field adjoin the crossroad . 66 35 k 355 a-355 356 357 hed , shot - traffic snarl tank , ambulance , half - track be in a welter of confusion . driver be yell pointlessly and the mp be hopelessly out of he depth . patton burst on the scene like a tornado , yell at the mp . patton get out .of the way ! i'1l unscramble this mess ! as he back away from the rampaging patton , the mp stumble and fail into a mud puddle , get soaking wet . ext . road - mo . shot - bradley' jeep Bradley and hansen be in the jeep as it approach the traffic jam and slow down . Bradley survey the scene . mo . long shot - traffic jam wallow through the mud , patton have jump up on 4 gasoline drum that be in water up to half its height . yelling direction we cannot make out but be clearly blister , he manage to pull order out of the chaos and get the column move again . angle on BRADLEY pass the mp , who be wet and shaking with cold , Bradley motion hansen to stop , take off he field jacket . BRADLEY Chet , take this over to that boy . I can get another one a lot easier than he can . angle on patton the roaring lash of he tongue have break the log jam , he now direct traffic with the magnificent grace of a Roman policeman . he be interrupt by hansen , who salute and report that Bradley want to see he . ( the roar of the vehicle drown out all dialogue . ) turn the traffic control back to the mp , patton leap down from he gasoline drum , move over to join Bradley . mo . shot at bradley' jeep as patton approach , salute . BRADLEY you would make e good traffic cop . ( then , seriously ) George , this drive to the seine have be absolutely magnificent . but I be sorry to say we have to slow you down . cont . '' 66 357 cont . patton what the hell for ? BRADLEY for the time be we have to cut off you supplies -- gasoline , ammunition , everything . shaef be up against a new set of priority . patton ( he suspicion grow heat ) I think I smell Montgomery . BRADLEY now take it easy , George . there be serious issue involved here -- political issue . patton ( belligerently ) by God it be Montgomery ! BRADLEY the launchin site for the V - 2 bomb be all in he area . and Mr. churchill want that rocket basis destroy . Hitler 's kill more civilian in London than soldier in the field ! patton {disdainfully ) they expect monty to do anything about it ? BRADLEY he say if he be give the supplies , he would pounce on they like a savage wolf . patton he will pounce like a savage rabbit ! ( angrily ) you give I that gasoline and I will gain ground with it . I will kill Germans , too . give I 400,000 gallon and I will go to Berlin ! BRADLEY George , I can not do it , cont. 66 357 cont.1 123 patton that siegfry line be a empty shell -- do not you realize that ? they have stripped it and send all the equipment to the eastern front . it 's overgrown and crawl with cow . I could poke through it in two day : BRADLEY ( he patience run out ) no use argue with I . this be not my idea . patton what do you pick I to command for if you will not let I kill Germans ? BRADLEY ( finally exasperate and angry ) I do not pick you ! ike pick you ! «eeXou have perform brilliantly -- you be loyal and dedicated . you be one of the best field commander I have , but you do not know when to shut up ... George , you be a pain in the neck ! patton ( take aback , he quiet down ) itve get a lot of fault , Brad -- I kmow that 's -- but ingratitude be not one of they . and I owe you a lot ... Hell , I know I be a prima donna -- I admit it ! what I hate about monty be that he will not admit it ! 358 int . patton' command post ( across the seine ) - mo . shot - night patton be lecture he third Army staff , include the familiar face of carver , davenport , Bell , codman , stiller . willy be at patton 's foot . . patton I will not allow third Army to sit on its ass ! I want you to round up every drop of gas and every bit of ammunition you can find . drain and deadline all supply vehicle . cont . o 66 12h 358 cont . 359 360 361 patton ( cont . ) Ground the spotter plane ... go on out and get gasoline -- I do not care how you get it . we will move forward till we engine go dry ~- then we will fight on foot ! remember , this be not the War College -- this be third Army ! ext . road junction - mo . shot - day a nattily dress military policeman stand in the inter - section , hold up he hand to stop the lead truck of a convoy with first army on they bumper . a mp lieutenant , stand beside a temporary sign read first army gasoline depot , call out to the driver of the lead truck . mp libutenant be that first Army gasoline ? driver yes , sir . mp lieutenant ojabbing he thumb in direction indicate by sign ) detour ... this way . the mp in the intersection signal gracefully the indicate direction , and the truck convoy move out . after the last truck have pass , the mp Lieutenant reach up and peel off a piece of mask tape on the sign that bear the word first , leave the sign as it be originally -- third army gasoline depot . the mp exchange a erin with he Lieutenant . . Lieutenant -- worl get the bronze star for this . ext . road - long shot - day a column of four tank move down the road . mo . shot - second tank the tank 's engine sputter , cough and die . the vehicle stop and the crew get out . the third and fourth tank slow down and the man clamber aboard . 66 362 363 364 ~ 36 367 368 369 370 371 372 373 125 ext . road - mo . long shot - day down the road come a unlikely caravan -- a tank towing a ammunition truck , behind which be fastened a weapon carrier , which in turn hes a 105 mm howitzer attach to it . ext . field and wood - long shot - day a tank unit be move across the field in line . half have run out of gas , and as we watch , five or six sputter and come to a stop . ths crew get out with they weapon and move forward on foot . series of cut - day Quick flash of tank stop in odd position , shot from odd angle . they look like freeze frame -- one tank stall climb a ditch , another fording a little stream , another on the side of a hill . ext . field - msd . long shot - night Three american tank move across the field . close shot - tank commander he 's a captain , a big man who fill the hatch as he scan the darkness ahead through binocular . mo . long shot ( binocular effect ) a column of german armored vehicle can be see in the darkness move along a road . mo . shot - three american tank they be head toward the road . the third tank cough , sputter and stop as its engine die . close shot - tank commander ( sergeant ) of second tank he speak into he microphone . tank commander Captain -- Bailey 's run out of gas and there 's a kraut column up ahead . close shot - captain captain ( quietly , into he mike ) I know ... button up and open fire soon as you find a target . long shot - american tank they open fire , they gun flash pierce the night . 66 374 375 376 377 378 379 360 361 126 angle on german armore column as they return the fire . in a moment a hot battle be raging , the ghostly form of the armored vehicle momentarily illuminate by the muzzle flash . ext . road - mo . long shot - dawn patton 's jeep , drive by codman , appear in the distance , move toward camera , as it negotiate a little bend in the road , patton signal codman to stop . they both get out , stare at the road ahead . long shot - riad ( there p.9.v . ) in the gray silence of early dawn the devastation of last night 's tank battle can be see . a ss panzer detachment , a awesome collection of tank , field gun , ambulance and truck , lie scattered along the road , the vehicle dead and burn out . ' two of the three american tank can be see , one blast open , its inside still smoking . patton and codman move past camera into scene . they move forward without word , fascinate by the strange silent atmosphere of this kill ground . close shot - patton ( moving ) as he survey the scene . what he sees vehicle and field piece be blast and char . and everywhere -- in the vehicle , in the ditch , in the field beside it -- be the corpse of german soldier . Dead man sit in truck as if still drive . wound man , now dead , spill crazily out of a ambulance . a man sit upright at he field piece as though asleep . close shot - patton his eye absorb every detail . mo . shot lying on the ground beside a american tank be the body of several gis . mo . shot contimaing on , patton suddenly come across the big quiet Captain we see in he tank last night . bone-tire , he eye glaze and bloodshot with fatigue , he sit propped against the tread of a tank . patton be you in command here , Captain ? cont . '' 66 127 361 cont . 382 fhe Captain look up at patton blankly , make no effort to rise . he be almost too exhaust to speak . captain iwas in command ... my tank platoon be support a infantry company . tank run out of gas -- so we have to fight it out . we start eleven o'clock last nignt , finish a couple of hour ago . patton look up and notice that in the field nearby be american and german dead , seemingly in each other 's embrace . captain this morning the fight be hand - to-hand . patton look at the Captain , then suddenly take the exhaust face in he hand and kiss the man on the forehead . cawera follow patton as he move off , deeply move , and continue to explore the strange , silent battle - ground . another angle he proceed a few more step , totally immerse in the eerie scene . then he pause , pull out of he pocket a old fold michelin touring map , glance at it fondly . patton you know , cod -- it always come to I at nicht . start out as a headache ... I teke a aspirin and it turn into a dream . then I have get it . ( inner excitement mount ) right now the whole Nazi Reich be mine for the take ... think of it ! I be almost send home in disgrace -- and now I have precisely the right instrument at precisely the right moment in history -- ( show the map to codman , he finger point for emphasis ) -- at exactly the right place . codman ( look where patton 's finger point ) the sear ? cont. 382 cont. 128 patton ( nodd ) this will change soon , like a planet spin off into the universe . such a moment will not come again for a thousand year . and ell I need be a few miserable gallon of gasoline . ( tapping the map again with he finger ) right now , this be the weak spot . ten day and I could be in Berlin . codman what about the fortification at verdun and metz ? patton fix fortification be man 's monument to stupidity . ( confidently ) when mountain range and ocean can be overcome , anything build by man can be overcome . ( smile , like a boy with a riddle ) you know how I know they be finish out there ? codman shake he head . patton the cart . they be use cart to lug they supplies and wounded . camera move close to patton and , for a moment , we almost can remember the spectacle he describe . patton in my dream I see the cart . they keep buzzing around in my head and I could not figure out why . then I remember : the nightmare in the snow -- the endless , agonizing retreat from Moscow . God the cold ! the wounded , and what be leave of the supplies , be throw into cart . napoleon be finish . no color leave , not even the red of blood . only snow . he pause for a long moment , look at the battlefield . patton ( with deep inner excitement ) just look at that , codman . compare tc war , all other form of human endeavor shrink to insignificance . 129 383 - black and white newsreel C ) 393 newsreel title : ally liberate paris ! a.- shot of liberation of paris ( stock ) this shot show french troops enter Paris , with the wildly cheer populace out to greet they . the Parisians swarm all over the soldier , kissing they , give they food and wine , etc . scene of absolute triumph and unrestrained joy . narrator's voice ( o.s. ) Paris be liberated -- and french troops lead the way ! the ally march into the historic city after four year of Nazi occupation . the hard - fight french second armore division under Major General Jacques leclerc , temporarily detach from patton 's third Army , get a welcome they will never forget as they enter they beloved Paris ! newsreel title : montgomery drive into belgium ! F , - shot of british troops on the move H. oo narrator's voice ( o- 's - ) in a powerful drive to the north british General Montgomery cut off and bypass the french coastal town of boulogne , calais and dunkirk -- push on to capture the vital belgian port of Antwerp . newsreel title : patton race toward germany ! I .- shot of armore force rolling ( stock ) K. narrator's voice o.s. roenite a main body of patton 's army , resupply now and roll like a juggernaut , be slashing toward the saar . Nazi resistance appear to be crumble , and it seem that nothing can stop we troops from drive on into the heart of Germany . note : end of newsreel . 66 394 - 397 398 399 400 4o1 4o2 403 130 series of cut in the ardenne forest the screen be make opaque by a whirling blizzard . the music be cold , strange , frightening . out of the mist and snow a ghostly formation of giant german tank loom up , lung forward . a roadside sign -- ST . vith . german mechanize artillery race forward past a sign read malmedy . german infantry slogging on behind protect tank . another sign : houffalize . mo . shot in snowy forest americen infantry , under a heavy mortar barrage , be order by a platoon commander to relinquish they position . they break and run as Nazi tank loom up on the forest road . long shot - road show burn american vehicle , spill - out american dead . mo . shot - roadside as german tank roar past , move forward . camera pan across a still - smolder american personnel carrier , beside which be a sign in English : no parking . int . patton' command post ( at nancy ) - mo . shot - night patton be at work with he map . artillery can be hear in b.g. as davenport enter . it be windy and storming outside . willy be sleep on the floor . davenport Sir , General Bradley on you line . patton pick up the phone , speak with unbounded enthusiasm . patton Brad -- I have get a bridgehead across the saar ! I be on my way into Germany ! int . bradley' mobile field office - close shot - BRADLEY BRADLEY ( into phone , firmly ) wait a minute , George . we have get some trouble up north . I want you to transfer 10th armore to middleton 's VIII Corps right away . '' close shot - patton patton ( roaring ) Brad , you can not do that to I -- ! 4ok 405 a-4o5 b-405 66 131 close shot - BRADLEY BRADLEY ( with quiet but unshakable authority ) I do not have time to argue . there 's a lot of enemy activity up around the ardenne . do not know yet how serious it be , but ike want we to meet with beetle Smith tomorrow at verdun . be there at eleven hundred . mo , close shot ~ patton patton yes , sir . ( he hang up , turn to davenport} get Bell in here . we may have a new ball game . int . patton' command post - close shot ~ map - night this map take in patton 's present position as well as luxembourg and the ardenne . camera pull back to reveal patton and Bell . bell ( indicate paper in he hand ) the last intercept indicate the german troop concentration north of Trier be break up . after that they go on radio silence . ( pointedly ) . when we put we unit on radio silence , it mean we be go to move . patton ( computing the possibility ) there 's absolutely no reason for we to assume the Germans be mount a major offensive .. the weather be awful . they supplies be low . and the german army have not mount a winter attack since Frederick the great ... therefore , I believe that 's exactly what they be go to do . int . command post - mo , shot the third Army staff be gather , listen to patton . willy be seat in a chair with the other . patton ( use map ) I want you to start make contingency plan for pull out of we eastward attack , change direction ninety degree and move up to luxembourg . cont . qc 66 132 b-405 cont . 406 407 patton ( cont . ) ( notice the glance be exchange ) do not look so stunne , gentleman . plan for three possible axe of attack : from diekirch due north ; from arlon toward bastogne ; from neufchateau against the german leave flank . ext . french barracks in verdun - mo . shot - day a sign on the building designate it as eagle MAIN . sentries stand outside the snow - sweep building as patton be drive up in a jeep . he get out , hurry on inside . int , day room in french barracks - mo . shot it be a fairly barren room with a heavy table , around which be seat , in addition to Bradley and patton , smitn , tedder , de guingand and a few shaef officer . there be @ map on a easel show the deep penetration of the ally line along ct front , and at the map be a british brigadier general . brigadier general we have identify four german army -- the seventh , the fifth panzer , the Sixth ss panzer and the fifteenth . they have hit we with twenty - six division . they overran two regiment of the 106th division , and seventy - five hundred of we man be force to surrender ... qur ° immediate concern be that von runstedt have the 10lst airborne trap here at bastogne -- smith bastogne , by the way , be the key to this entire area . if we can hold it , we can break up the german offensive . if they take it , we be in serious trouble . ( look to de guingand and patton ) ike want to know if somebody can get up there and relieve the 101st before they be cut to piece . do guingand I be afraid there 's nothing field marshal Montgomery can do -- not for some week at any rate . smith George -- what about you ? cont. 407 cont . there be 133 patton I can attack with three division in forty - eight hour . a stir and a shifting of chair , surprise and skepticism on every face . they eye 66 BRADLEY I would give myself some leeway if I be you . smith ( a little impatient ) ike want a realistic estimate , George ... you Tre in the middle of a fight now . and it 's over a hundred mile to bastogne . patton ( with quiet assurance ) my staff 's already work out the detail . he in amazement . smith frankly , I do not see how it 's possible . not in this kind of weather . do guingand I should think first of all , you would want to fall back and regroup . patton ( enjoy this ) not I , freddy . I do not like to pay twice for the same real estate . tedder what about you man ? you can not pull they out of the line , cart they off a hundred mile , and expect they to attack without rest ! patton I train that man , Arthur . they will do anything I tell they to do . do guingand ( drily needle ) we have not rezlize you be so popular with you troops , General . cont. 66 134 407 cont.1 408 409 410 al 41a patton maybe I be not . they will do it because they be good soldier ... and because they know , as I do , that we can still lose this war ! do guingand I think I can speak , sir , for field marshal Montgomery . he would say you be demand the impossible of you man . patton ( with a taunting smile ) sure he would . he do not realize that 's what we be in business for ! ext , third army tank park - mo . shot - day there be heavy snow on the ground . everywhere there be feverish preparation for a armored attack . a tank crew be busy slapping white paint on the side of its tank . another tank , already whiten , be move out fast . mo , ' shot the last member of a tank crew sloshes white paint on ae helmet and mount up as the tank pull out . mo . shot at farmhouse two tank be park beside the farmhouse . gis be toss sheet down from a second - story window to man below , who be rip they up for camouflage suit , cut armhole , etc . one tank crew , already fitte out , mount up and zoom off . long shot - road a third Army armored outfit roar northward along the snow - clogge road . int . bradley' office ( luxembourg ) - day a window of this office look out upon a arched bridge . move over it be a never-end stream of third Army tank , half - track and 2 - 1 / 2 ton truck . Bradley and hansen be watch through the window . hansen if they get there in time it will be a miracle . BRADLEY ( quietly ) George be pretty good at miracle . 413 4 445 417 - 4ig 420 421 - 423 66 135 mo , long shot - icy roadside artillery fire can be hear as third Army truck pull up and infantrymen pile out , deploy on both side of the roac . long shot - infantry advancing german tank appear , they gun fire at the advance american infantry . two of the tank fire searing burst from the flame - thrower , a frightening crimson tongue against the white snow . ext . village - mo . long shot a american tank , buttone up , advance down the street scatter cow , pig and chicken . it be take heavy fire from @ building . the tank rumble up to the building , poke the muzzle of its gun through a window and blast away , silencing the opposition . ext . wintry roadside - mo . shot - day patton , davenport and codman be in @ jeep watch a mechanize outfit roll by on the snow - cover icy road . it 's a impressive sight : self - propel gun , rocket launcher , heavy equipment of all kind and man --~ hundred of man -- roll forward . series of cut Shots of the soldier man this equipment -- the man in the_trucks , on the self - propel gun , in the armored personnel carrier . they be young -- but they have the look of veteran soldier . mo . close shot - patton , davenport and codman patton watch as he man pass by . patton here 's where the training and discipline pay off . wkat other outfit could pull out of a winter battle , move a hundred mile , and go into a major attack with no sleep , no rest , not even hot food ? ( with a deep sense of pride and glory ) God , I be proud of this man . series of cut face of individual gis : a tank commander in he turret , face sear by the icy wind . a soldier in a 2 - 1 / 2 ton truck , gouging freeze k ration out of a tin with a trench knife . infantryman march against the wintry blast . 66 ea 4a5 426 427 428 429 136 mo , shot - tank chalked on its side be the legend : hey , ike - want to win ? let GEORGE do it ! mo . shot - armore personnel carrier in chalk , on its side : home alive in ' 45 ext . icy road intersection - mo . shot the colonel commanding a armored regiment be watch from he radio-equipped jeep as mps sort out the traffic . patton drive up , and the Colonel get out of he jeep with a piece of paper , come over to patton and salute . the sound of artillery fire can be hear . colonel ( indicate message in he hand ) Sir , General McAuliffe 's turn down a german surrender demand !.... you know what he say ? patton what ? jolonel he say , ' nut ! ' patton ( with a broad grin of admiration keep move , Colonel ! a man thet eloquent have to be save ! ext . heavily wooded area - long shot heavy enemy shell be burst all around as the gis advance through the snow - shroud forest . Air burst clip the top of huge fir tree and they come tumble to the ground . long shot - edge of forest the gis emerge from the wood , fire as they go . in the distance , we can see german troops who have break and be retreate . we 430 431 432 433 43h 435 66 137 long shot - road a german tank outfit be retreate down the snowy , muddy road . reverse angle a american armored unit be in hot pursuit . mo . close shot - roadside a german noncom push the plunger on a detonator . long shot - road shoot over american tank in f.g. , with german tank disappear in distance . suddenly , in a series of explosion start at the far end and work forward , tree be blast in such a way that they fall from both side of the road across the roadway . the lead american tank swing abruptly and move off the road , signal other tank to follow . mo . long shot - beside road melting snow have create a sea of mud and the tank , try to circumvent the roadblock , be slew around in hopeless confusion . int . patton' command post ( at nancy ) - full shot - night member of the third Army staff be busy at phone or with paper work -- carver , Bell , davenport , codman , etc . there 's a sense of tension and urgency . willy be present . and patton be the center of the activity . cont. 66 435 cont . he hang 138 bell Sir , von rundstedt 's throw another panzer division against bastogne . 101st airborne be hang on by they fingernails . '' patton Air cover -- that 's what we need . twenty - four hour of decent weather and we could make it . carver hhand patton a phone ) General mason , sir -~ patton ( into phone ) mace -- we be short of foot soldier . I want you to cannibalize you anti - tank unit and turn they into rifle - man . yes -- every damn one you can find ! up . davenport has.enter , snow -cover . davenport ( grimy ) General -- I just get the weather report for tomorrow . more snow . carver there go we air cover . Sir , we may have to pull up and wait for better weather . patton there be brave man die up there . I will not wait for one hour or one minute . we keep move -- be that clear ?! ( after a suitable pause ) we attack all night and we attack tomorrow morrme . if we be not victorious , let no one come back alive . he nod curtiy in dismissal , turn to he map . the staff member greet this overblown statement with a exchange of uncertain glance , edge they way to the door , leave patton alone with codman . codman eye he , decide to venture the question . codman you know something , General ? sometimes they can not tell when you be act and when you be nov . cont. 139 435 cont.l patton ( with a sly and private smile ) it be not important for they to know . itts only important for I to know . the third Army chaplain , a Colonel , enter , wear a snow - fleck heavy combat jacket . chaplain you want to see m , General ? patton chaplain , I be sick and tired of third Army try to fight Germans , the Supreme Command , no gasoline -- and now this ungodly weather !... I want a prayer . a weather prayer . chaplain ( puzzle ) weather prayer , sir ? patton let 's see if you can not get God work on we side in this thing . chaplain it 's go to take a pretty thick rug for that kind of praying . patton I do not care if it take a fly carpet . chaplain itm not sure , General , how that would be receive -- a prayer for good weather so we can kill we fellowman . patton I can assure you , because of my intimate relation with the almighty , that if you write a good prayer , we will have good weather . ( curtly , glance at he waveh ) I will expect that prayer within a hour . chaplain {all but gulp ) yes , sir . 66 66 4.36 437 438 439 ha 140 ext . near patton' command post - mo . shot - night patton be move through the snow and sleet of the bitter wintry night . armore vehicle of every description be roaring past he , head north . close shot - patton ( moving ) he have a piece of paper in he hand . he look up from the paper , speak as he walk along , with great intensity . patton ' almighty and most merciful Father ... we humbly beseech thee , of thy great goodness , to restrain this immoderate rain with which we have have to contend ...! ' ext . snow - cover road - night american tank drive forward through a blizzard of snow . a occasional muzzle blast sear the night . patton' voice ( o.s. ) : ..- grant we fair weather for Battle . graciously hearken to we as soldier who call upon thee that ... ' ext . wooded area - night freeze infantrymen move through the forest , with artillery | shell explode all around they . som man drop and do not rise again . patton' voice ( o.s. ) .+.' armed with thy power , we may advance from victory to victory ...! ext . wooded area - night a shot of the treetop as @ tree burst hit . the snow - cover top of a giant tree be shear off and drop heavily to the ground . patton' voice ( o.s. ) ' , .. and crush the oppression and wickedness of we enemy ...! close shot - wounded GI a hollow - eye dogface , he leave arm shattered , stagger forward mechanically , oblivious to cold and blood and pain . patton' voice {o.s. ) ' , , . and establish thy justice among man and nation . amen . ' 66 lwh3 uh ube lh ? 450 ks . k52 ~ 455 456 14 long shot - american heavy bomber - day ( stock ) the flight of bomber fly by overhead against the sudden bright blue of a clear winter sky . xt . patton' command post ( at nancy ) - mo . close shot patton , davenport and codman stand outside the cp , stare up at the aircraft with happy face . willy be with they . patton ( euphoric ) weather 's perfect !... get I that chaplain . he stand in good with the Lord and I want to decorate he ! long shot - american armore column - da¥ a spectacular shot of armor racing down a snow - cover road at top speed , with a flight of p - 51 fly cover in the brilliant blue sky overhead . close shot - 155 mm shell - day on the shell be chalk : merry XMAS from 101st airborne the shell be slam into the breech and the breech block lock . close shot - muzzle 155 gun firing ssries of cut : men of 101st airborne in defensive perimeter - outskirt of bastogne man fire from snow - cover foxhole , feature he 101st airborne shoulder patch . man in double foxhole wrapping burlap around he frost - pitten foot , tear of pain run down he cheek - and another GI be force a cigarette between he lip . other soldier fire at advance Germans . long shot - german advancing through wooded area series of cut : american soldier in defense perimeter as they fight desperately to hold off the attacker : cook and baker , wear they white uniform over they od , fire at the Germans . negro quartermaster troops , fire carbine , bazookas , even hurl grenade . mo . long shot - german the attacker advance inexorably . two tank appear , in support of the german infantry , fire into the position of the defender . 66 457 458 459 4.60 461 462 467 - 469 12 mo . shot - amsrican anti - tank gun the half - freeze crew load and fire as fast as possible . mo . shot - german tank ignoring the anti-tank fire , the german fire he gun . mo . shot - anti - tank position the gun take a direct hit , the crew be destroy . mo . long shot the american defender can not stand up against the over - wwhelm odd and they start pull back behind a wail near the town . angle on the advancing german suddenly , out of nowhere , third Army tank appear from the wood , flanking the german advance . they roar into action , knock out the two german tank and deliver a wither fire into the german infantry , which break and run , leave heavy casualty . a american armored spearhead follow the lead tank , with infantrymen cling to the side of the sherman , tear in toward the beleaguere town . mo . shot at wall as the defender rise up , scarcely able to believe what they see . GI it 's the third Army ! Old georgie do it ! he do it ! Wild with joy , a GI poke the motionless man next to he . like a figure of stone , the dead man fall against the wall on he face , freeze solid . series of cut the rag , bone - weary and desperate defender of bastogne creep out in stunne and half - hysterical amazement . they throw they arm around the third Army gis who slide down off * the tank and embrace they wildly . black and white newsreel newsreel title : british prepare for rhine crossing} a .- series of stock shot cc. show mammoth preparation for the rhine crossing . british troops , huge stockpile of ammunition , truck , tank , bulldozer , assault craft , etc . anda shot of Winston churchill , cont . of o 143 467 - cont. 469 a-1l69 b-l.69 c-h69 70 ie 473 66 narrator's voice ( 0.56 british field marshal Montgomery , with three ally army , have assemble the great military buildup since D - day in order to assault what Winston churchill have call ' the great water obstacle in western Europe ' . int . patton' command post - day patton be speak into a phone , and he be beside himself . with excitement . patton helio , Brad ? I be across ! close shot - BRADLEY at phone BRADLEY well , I will be damned . you mean across the rhine ? close shot - patton patton yes ! J sneak a division over last night . dome a favor and make the announcement , will you ? I want the world to know third Army do it before monty could even get start ! black and white whwsreel ( continued ) newsreel title : ally link up at elbe D .~+ series of stock shot F 5 Russian and american troops meeting at torgau . they exchange greeting , cigarettes , embrace . they clown for the cameramen , try on each other 's cap , etc . harrator's voice {o.s. ) Russian and american soldier , meeting for the first time in World War ii , enact a scene of wild celebration as the two ally army meet at the elbe River , deep inside Nazi Germany . note : end of newsreel int . reichschancellery - mo . shot - day this usually crowded , bustling room be silent now and unoccupy -- silent except for the nearby thunder of cont . 66 uy 473 cont . the be Russian siege gun -- unoccupy except for the two lonely figure of jodl and steiger , the desert map , the silent teletype give the huge room a quality of palpable defeat . there be fall plaster from nearby shellburst . jodi , literal - minded even in chaos , work feverishly to destroy classified material . steiger be quite calmly glance through a pile of patton material on he desk . jodl ( impatiently ) get a move on , steiger . I want everything destroy . paper , map , everything . steiger ( with a grim , private smile } everything will be destroy , General -- that I can promise you . there be a particularly loud , close burst of artillery fire , and the point of steiger 's remark be not entirely lose on jodi . jodl {as plester dust filter down ) I will never let that Russian barbarian take I ! I will die by my own hand first -- as the fuehrer do in he bunker ! his eye fall on a picture of Hitler on the wall , its frame hang crooked from the shelling . steiger , who seem strangely unmove , uninvolved , be look at a photograph of patton he have come across . steiger ( study the picture with quiet objectivity ) he , too , will be destroy . the absence of war will kill hin . ( thoughtfully ) the pure warrior -- a magnificent anachronism . 66 480 1s int . HOTEL dine room ~ night ' ( formerly scene ) , 82 ) the room have be clear of table and elaborately decorate with Russian and american flag for a joint reception of high -ranking american and Russian officer . a balalaika band of Russian soldier be play . there be dancer and acrobat perform . patton stand talk with codman and davenport as a russian general , complete with medal , approach with a civilian interpreter . the Russian smile affably and patton scowl ferociously as the interpreter speak to he in English . a waiter appear , bear a tray on which be two stiff drink . interpreter Excuse I , sir -- General katkov wish to know if you will join he for a drink to celebrate the german surrender . cont. 66 146 480 cont . 482 patton you tell the General I do not care to drink with he or any other Russian gonuvabitch . both davenport and codman react and the interpreter stare at he in open-mouthed disbelief . interpreter Sir , I - I can not tell the General thet -- pation ( firmly ) you tell he word for word -- and do not leave out the ' sonuvabitch ' ! the interpreter turn , red-face and apologetic , and repeat patton 's reply in Russian , the General flush angrily , glare at patton and for a moment a international explosion seem likely , then , control himself , the Russian get off a couple of quick sentence to the interpreter in Russian . interpreter ( to patton ) the General say he think you be a sonuvabitch , too . patton {suddenly laugh ) okay -- I will drink to that . one sonuvabitch to another . the two man take the glass off the tray and drink . int . patton' office in occupation headquarters - ( bad tolz ) - day - ( formerly scene 480 ) a group of correspondent be gather in the office question patton . davenport and codman be also present . first correspondent General , be it true that President Roosevelt , before he die , promise you a combat command in the Pacific ? patton ( he personal . disappointment apperent } yes , he do . but once he be go , there be not a chance . ( with a wry smile ) macarthur do not want I out there . cont . '' 66 481 cont . 147 second correspondent we have be tell about this wonder - weapon the Germans be work on . long-range rocket , push -button bombing , weapon that do not need soldier -- patton ( a depressed man ) wonder weapon ! God , I can not see the wonder in they . killing without heroic , nothing be glorify , nothing be reaffirm . no heroes , no coward , no troops ... ( pause ) no general . only that who be leave alive and that who be leave ... dead . I be glad I will not live to see it . third correspondent it 's be point out , General , that you be stiil use former Nazis in key position , despite the official de - nazification policy . patton ( testily ) if I be supply with train personnel , I 'il get rid of the Nazis . till then , I will use the people who know how to run the railroad and keep the telephone work . second correspondent ( apparently casually ) after all , General , do not most ordinary Nazis join the party in about the same way Americans become Republicans or Democrats ? patton yes . that 's about it . codman and harkins react with instant apprehension . the correspondent exchange glance , scribble furiously . third correspondent ( bait he ) you do agree , do not you , that we national policy should be make by civilian and not by the military ? cont . o 66 148 4.81 cont.1 482 483 48h patton the politician never let we finish awar . they always stop short -- leave we with another war to be fight . third correspondent ( with a shrewd smile ) you think about cur Russian ally , General ? patton smile blandly , do not reply . first correspondent Sir , do you say if you find you army between the Germans and the Russians , you would attack in both direction ? patton no , I do not say that -- but I wish T have . the reporter be scribbling again . we int . patton' office in occupation headquarters ( bad tolz ) - close shot painting of patton - night we reveal that a artist be work on the portrait . patton wear he seven row of ribbon , he four star , he ivory - handle pistol . camera pan to patton himself in the exact uniform and pose . but he look different from the painting ; he look tired and wear , he hair sparser , he eye dark , he face pale . codman ( enter ) Sir , ' there 's a call on you line from Supreme headquarters . General Smith . as patton cross and pick up the phone , codman motion the artist out of the room . close shot - geieral smith at phone his face be stern , he voice cut like a lash . smith ike be furious ! how could you possibly compare Democrats and épublican to the Nazi party ?... and this statement that you refuse to de - nazify have everybody scream -- the british , the Russians , everybody . 66 485 486 487 488 489 14g close shot - patton at phone patton ( impatiently ) the hell with that mongoloid Russians . we let they take Berlin and Prague and God know what else . be we go to let they dictate policy , too ? close shot - smith smith do not be a fool , George . the war in Europe be over . Washington dictate policy . close shot - patton his personal prejudice and he burn aversion to the prospect of a peacetime existence combine to make he pretty frenetic . patton the war should not be over ! and we should stop pussyfoot about the goddamn Russians . we will have to fight they sooner or later . why not do it now while we have a army to do it with ? instead of disarming this german troops , we should get they to help we fight the damn bolsheviks ! close shot - smith smith George , you would better shup up . this line may be tapped . close shot - patton patton I do not give a damn if it be ! you want to know something , beetle ? up till now we have be fight the wrong people ! ( in a manic phase , he eye burn with excitement ) look -- you and ike do not have to get involved if you be so damn soft about it . just leave it to I . in ten day I can have we at war with that sonsuvbitch and make it look like they start it . 66 490 gz 492 a-l92 193 150 close shot - smith smith ( genuinely frighten and appal ) you be mad , George -- you be absolutely out of you mind ! clos& shot - patton patton {almost frenziedly ) I be no diplomat . I be a combat soldier -- and that 's what this joker understand . you get ike to give I the word and I will kick they behind back into Russia where they belong -- | close shot - smith his face grim , he quietly and deliberately hang up . mo . shot - patton' office stun , patton hang up , stare silently at godman , who have be watch he . codman shall I call the artist back , sir ? patton - Hell with it ... nobody want to look at a picture of I . I be mad , do not you know that ? int . patton' bedroom ( bad tolz ) - close shot - bed laid out on the bed with meticulous care be patton 's elaborate blouse , with all its colorful decoration . also the pistol belt , the shiny helmet , the riding breech and , beside the bed , the highly polished boot . camera pull back to reveal patton dress before a mirror , he wear a pair of plain GI trousers , and meek be help he into a simple eisenhower jacket totally devoid of decoration , bear only the four star of he rank . as patton study he unfamiliar image in the mirror , he seem , for the first time , to have age . his eye look tired and he face be pale . meek ( study patton 's appearance without enthusiasm ) General -- you sure you want to wear that uniform ? go . 66 151 493 cont . a-493 you , 495 patton ( deeply apprehensive , he do not hear ) General eisenhower 's treat I very fairly -- but when he send for I , it usually mean troudile . patton have buttone up the unadorn jacket , and meek be not at all pleased with the result . meek ( shaking he head ) that make you look -- I do not know -- kinda naked . patton you know something , George ? that 's the way I feel . int . elaborate foyer - mo shot - night feature be a impressive door ( presumably in Buckingham Palace ) with a livery doorman outside it . wait nearby on a antique settee be Montgomery . he be in he most impressive military finery -- medal , honour , etc . -- much more elaborately dress than we have ever see he . the door open and a guard officer , in dress uniform , step outside , bow sligitly as he speak to Montgomery . officer field marshal -~ his majesty be prepare to receive the next Commander of the Imperial General staff . Montgomery rise and go on into the open door , which be hold for he and the Guards Officer by the doorman . int . anteroom in supreme headquarters ( frankfurt ) - day the place be decorate with elaborate flag , plaque , shaef insignia . a group of five or six correspondent wait impatiently in the anteroom . several face be recognizable as have be , at the press conference in patton 's bad tolz office . camera move into office door , on which be a sign : general eisenhower . the door open and patton come out . his eye be lifeless and he appear shake , utterly drain . another angle the correspondent be stunne by he appearance . as he close the door and move off , one of they step forward to speak to he . cont . o 66 152 495 cont . 496 4o7 correspondent one moment , General -- uncharacteristically affect by the shock patton have sustained , two of the correspondent take hold of they colleague and pull he back . they watch as patton , oblivious , move across the room like a sleepwalker and go out . int , patton' headquarters ( in bad tolz ) - day line up in the room be carver , davenport , Bell , codman , stiller and several enlist man , include sergeant meek and patton 's driver . camera follow as patton move down the line shaking each man 's hand in turn . the man try to remain at blank - face attention , but most eye be misty . at the end of the line , patton turn to face the group and there be tear in he eye . patton well , gentleman -- all good thing must come to a end -- ( he continue with difficulty ) the best thing that have come to I in my life be the honor and privilege of have command the third Army . good-bye -- and God bless you . he turn quickly and go out . ext . patton' headquarters ( in bad tolz ) - mo . shot - day it be a gray winter day , the sun blott out by a over - cast that mute all color . there be snow on the ground and the street be icy . patton come out of the building alone , deep in he own unhappiness , and be surprised to find himself face Bradley , who have actually be wait for he . Bradley now wear four star . patton I have be relieved , Brad . they have take third Army away from I . BRADLEY I know . ( he try to sound casual ) I think we might have dinner together tonight -- atton ( touch and grateful ) that 's damn thoughtful , Brad , and I appreciate it . ( gesture toward he jeep across the street ) right now I be go to take willy for a ee cont . o 66 153 97 cont . 498 99 Bradley join he as they move across the sidewalk . a man be unhitch a team of oxen from a cart park in the street . as the oxen be remove , the cart start roll down the icy street . gather speed , it be head straight for patton as he step off the curb . BRADLEY George -- look out ) patton manage to leap out of the way just in time , and the cart crash to a stop against a park car . another angle as patton get up , brushes the snow off he uniform . patton ( wryly ) after all I have be through , imagine I get kill by a oxcart . Bradley grin . patton continue moodily . patton you know -- there 's only one proper end for a professional soldier . a quick . death inflicted by the last bullet of the last battle . they move on across the street , camera pan with they . two shot - patton and BRADLEY ( trucking ) they walk down the sidewalk on the opposite side of the street . patton in we drive across Europe third Army liberated twelve thousand city and town -- inflicted a million and a half enemy casualty . BRADLEY ( thoughtfully ) I have a-feel that from now on just be a good soldier will not be enough . I be afraid we be go to have to be dislomat and administrator , too . patton ( growl he disgust ) God help we ! cont. 66 154 499 cont . 500 501 502 they have come to patton 's park jeep where he driver be hold willy . he hand the leash to patton , who take the dog . BRADLEY George -- I just want to say one thing -- you have do a magnificent job here in Europe ... I think that soldier you slap back in Sicily do more to win the war than any other private in the Army . overwhelm by Bradley 's generosity , patton 's face break into @ big , sudden grin . patton see you for dinner . he turn away , lead willy with he , and Bradley watch he go . mo , long shot as patton move down a short side street , beyond which we can see open snow - cover countryside . a enormous windmill turn slowly . in f.g. , a group of gis be busy work , haul supplies . patton' voice ( 9.8 . ) for over a thousand year , Roman conqueror return from the war enjoy the honor of a triumph , a tumultuous parade . long shot - snowy countryside as patton and willy walk together toward the ice- cover windmill , stark against the snow . its creak sound combine with the sound of the wind , produce a strange effect . patton' voice ( o.s . ) in the procession come trumpeter and musician and strange animal from the conquer territory ... another angle patton 's figure stand out against the otherwise absolutely white snowscape . the windmill , with its eerie sound , be still in frame . cont . 155 502 cont. @ — ( patton' voice o.s. .. , together with cart laden with treasure and capture armament . 503 close shot - patton walking 504 505 66 deep in think , he eye fix on some middle - distance of he own . patton' voice {o.s . the conqueror ride in a triumphal chariot , the daze prisoner walk in chain before he . extremely high angle the distant figure of patton , head toward the creak windmill , be tiny against the vast expanse of snow . patton' voice ( o.s8 . ) . sometimes he child , robe in white , stand with he in the chariot , or ride the trace horse ... a slave stand behind the conqueror , hold & golden crown and whisper in he ear a warning that all glory be fleeting ... the figure of patton have disappear -~- and there be only the ice - cover windmill and the whiteness of the snow . bradley' voice ( o.8 . ) within a few week , George patton die of injury receive when he staff car collide with a truck near the german city of mannheim . fade out the end