paul written by Simon pegg &amp ; Nick frost ext . farmhouse - night caption : bethlehem Creek , Wyoming 10:19 pm 28/07/47 the air be fill with the sound of a warm , summer night . a light come on in a farmhouse window . the door open , a small dog and a young girl emerge . girl go on now Paul , do not be long . the dog trot out across the property . it stop to scratch . the sound of night cease . the dog stop scratch , sniff the air , cock its head , sense something . we hear a low hum sound . the dog look up . we see a soft orange glow reflect in its eye . the dog whimper back at the farmhouse , a deep , dull thud shake the ground , bring the small girl back out onto the veranda . a orange glow pulsate somewhere out in the darkness . girl Paul ... Paul ? the girl draw near , illuminate by the orange glow . girl Paul ?! the glow fade again . music : " the Boy in the bubble " '' by Paul Simon . title : paul ext . san diego STREET . present - day graham willy ( 32 ) and clive golling ( 33 ) stand in the blaze San Diego sunshine , wait to cross the road . graham be thin but he clothes seem too small . he have long greasy hair , buck tooth and thick glass . clive be bigger and wear a long black leather coat , Red dwarf T-shirt and boot . his hair be densely curly and shape like a pyramid . four people dress as borg from Star Trek pass by . graham and clive shrug derisively . the cross - walk beep . as the music kick in , graham and clive set off across the road towards the San Diego Convention Centre . they make they way through a throng of costume comic - con attendee . int . convention centre . convention floor - later graham and clive be at a fantasy weapon stand . clive be brandish a katana sword . he test the balance , the weight , the sharpness . he close one eye and look down the length of the blade . he nod appreciatively . 2 . clive beautiful piece . vender damn straight . practical performance . 100 % japanese , fold steel . Real hero shit . clive how much ? vender $ 1,349.99 . clive nod , put the sword down and walk away . graham be not you gonna get it ? clive no , it 's rubbish . int . convention centre . signing pavillion - day we see they on a escalator , walk down a wide corridor , pass people in a variety of costume . finally , they join a line of people wait to meet the actor , michael biehn . graham what be you go to ask ? clive do you feel that the kill of hick and newt in alien 3 , invalidate ripley 's struggle at the close of the previous installment ? graham I be go to ask that ! clive ( in klingon ) tough tit four eye . security alright , next ! suddenly nervous , graham approach . michael biehn be signing picture . he be pleasant , if business like . michael biehn hey there . who 's it to ? graham Graham . 3. michael biehn Graham . graham uh ... be you ... do you ? michael biehn there you go . security move graham on . clive approach . michael biehn hey there . who 's it to ? clive clive . michael biehn clive . clive uh ... be you ... do you ? michael biehn there you go . security move clive on . clive scramble for he camera . clive I ... I need to photograph he . security you can take it from there . clive and graham huddle together and try to position themselves with michael biehn in the background . clive take the shot . we see a freeze image of clive and graham , with michael biehn barely visible in the background . the pair move off , look at they spoil . graham / clive ( high fiving ) yes ! graham that be amazing . I be actually a bit nervous . clive really ? I be not . graham good egg , be not he ? clive yes , very unaffected . damn , I forget to give he my card . clive point at security . 4. graham give it to colossus . clive Nah . hey , Rosario Dawson 's here ! graham she need to call I . int . convention centre . signing pavillion - later graham and clive sit at a table fiddling nervously with pen . on either side of they be stack of they new book ; jelva - alien queen of the varvak . a banner hang behind , display the tome 's cover , a muscular green woman in a gold bikini ride a blue rhino . she lash at the beast with a laser whip . she have three tit . a lanky publicist pace up and down , make sure everything be in order . publicist look good , right ? clive yes , it 's very impressive . publicist it really do the image justice . I never notice the third tit . clive that be Graham 's idea . publicist lady man , huh ? you guy happy ? you get enough pen ? you wanna snapple ? you wanna a diet Coke ? clive I will have a fat Coke please ? publicist a fat what ? clive Coke . publicist oh you man a fat Coke . clive a what ? publicist fat coke . clive yes please . 5 . graham when do we start ? publicist ten minute ago . clive why be it so quiet ? publicist sylar 's do a q and a in the main pavillion . clive oh man ! I want to go to that . I want to find out if he actually eat the brain . publicist I can make a call . clive please . publicist it will pick up when he 's do . graham I be nervous . clive do not be . the hard work 's do , we have a great story and as usual you renderings jump from the page . publicist yeah man . Three tit . awesome . graham thank you . clive all we have to do now be sit back and enjoy . a child approach . clive Queen jelva welcome thee . child do you know where sylar 's on ? clive Main pavillion . child thanks . hey , three tit . awesome . 6 . int . convention centre . signing pavillion - later caption : 50 minute later they be sit in exactly the same position as before . clive look a little downbeat , graham fidget with he pen . publicist okay , that 's the hour . how would we do ? clive Three copy . publicist hey , one for each tit . maybe you should have give she four . graham that 's sick . publicist do not sweat it . it 's a sleeper . clive yeah , but three copy ? publicist better than Carl weather . clive yes ! graham would you like a copy ? publicist be you nut ? my office be full of junk . the publicist walk away chuckle . clive Graham , I need a drink . int . HOTEL . bar - night graham and clive be stand against the wall in a bar . graham drink and elaborate blue cocktail through a straw . clive sip from a Jack Daniels and Coke . everyone else in the bar be dress as a hobbit . clive wink at a girl . 7. int . HOTEL . bedroom - night graham and clive 's hotel room be fill with bag of stuff from the convention , a laptop computer and a game console plugge into the tv . graham lie on he bed . he be look at a map . other map be scattered about . clive ( o.s. ) it be like the prancing pony in there . graham nasty hobbitse . clive emerge from the bathroom . he be naked but for a black towel wrap around he waist . his hair be wet and suddenly incredibly long . around he neck , a large animal tooth hang on a black leather cord . clive they think they be so cool . graham hey , be you excited about go to Area 51 ? clive Hell yes . graham 06.30 check out ? clive a-ffirmative . graham and clive both look at they watch . clive Three , two , one ... graham clive beep . beep . clive good night , Graham . graham good night , clive . they switch off they respective bedside light . the room be plunge into pitch darkness . a few second pass . graham be you asleep ? clive no . 8. graham shall we try and storm the citadel before we nod off ? clive could not hurt could it ? we hear some movement then the room be illuminate by the tv . the boy lie on they bed hold game controller . clive cover I . int . HOTEL . reception - morning graham and clive stand at reception . both look extremely sleepy . clive 's eye close . graham loll forward onto the reception desk . his head hit the bell . ding ! ext . HOTEL - morning the boy stand , wait for they transport . we see they from across the road . a tiny old car splutter up to the curb . a valet get out and hand the key to clive . valet there you go . graham that 's not ours . valet no ? clive no , that 's ours . a large rv pull up . a 1985 holiday rambler , Imperial . top of the range in its day . still look good . valet oh. graham and clive run off toward the rv . the four borg from the previous day approach the valet and exchange the key to the car for some small change . the borg drive off . valet Fucking borg . ( give the finger ) assimilate this ! the rv speed past the disgruntled valet . graham and clive can be hear whooping within . 9 . int . rv - morning clive be seat behind the wheel of they rv , he now wear black wrap -around shade . in the back of the rv , graham fuss with map and provision . graham Breakfast ? clive Java . straight up . graham any solid ? clive no , let 's punch through . mile make the egg taste sweeter . graham I love egg ! clive I hear that . now , get that " '' Joe ' on the go and jump in the chewie seat . I need you map skill . graham good job I pre-pare . graham flick on the coffee and jump into the co-pilot 's ( chewie ) seat . graham it 's a shame I do not have some control on this side . that way , I could take over if you need the loo . clive yeah , I could say " take the helm . " '' graham " take the helm , number one . " '' clive yeah , " take the helm , number one , I need a number two . " '' they laugh heartily . through this , graham have be take out he laptop and set it up on the dash board . graham " '' least I have get cerebro , eh ? 10 . clive absolutely . Real -time sit - nav multi map and advanced geo-tagge with continual info stream ? graham impressive . clive most impressive . graham and let 's not forget , we have always get analogue . graham pull a map down . obscure the entire windshield . clive not when we be drive Graham . graham sorry . graham send the map back up into the roller . the coffee percolator gurgle in the galley . graham sound like coffee o'clock . clive thank god . I be a wreck until I have have my first cup of J. graham high fives clive and head back into the kitchen . int . diner - day graham and clive eat lunch . graham have finish a plate of prawn . he inspect the shell . graham look like a pile of dead droid . a perky waitress approach . graham and clive become shy and awkward . waitress you boy all set ? can I get you anything else ? graham spill he drink . clive appear very uneasy . int / ext . rv - day they drive in silence , surveying the landscape . 11 . clive amazing , be not it ? there be 295,734,134 people in this country and we have not see a soul for a hundred mile . where be everybody ? graham what about that old woman on crutch we see hitchhike ? clive apart from she . I suppose that 's why they establish the dreamland facility out here . graham Far from pry eye . clive do you know the site be select in the mid-1950s for testing of the U - 2 spyplane , due to its remoteness , proximity to exist facility and presence of a dry lake bad for landing ? graham yes . clive oh. graham shall we have a bite before or after we hit the Black mailbox ? clive before . int . the little a'le'inn . bar - evening graham and clive tuck into burger . they be the only customer . the interior be replete with various Area 51 related memorabilia . PAT , ( female , 5as ) the proprietor , speak to they from behind the counter . she hold up two bumper sticker . PAT " watch the Skies " '' or " alien onboard ? " '' graham and clive look at each other for a few second before look back at PAT . graham / clive " alien onboard . " '' 12 . PAT Nice choice . so , where have you boy come from ? graham ( mumbly ) San Diego . PAT Comic-Con ? clive how could you tell ? we see graham and clive look back at PAT . they look like the most painfully obvious comic - con attendee ever . PAT just a guess . my nephew launch a comic down there a couple of year ago . sort of dramatize the account of some of the folk we have have in here . clive encounter brief ? PAT that 's it . you hear of it , huh ? clive I have get all six . PAT well whaddya know ? small world . clive do you get a lot of ufo type round here ? we see PAT look back at clive , surround by ufo and alien paraphernalia , a slight smile on she face . PAT some . graham have you ever see one ? PAT a ufo ? oh , I have see plenty . graham really ?! you have see more than one ufo ? 13 . PAT well , I do not know what they be . so as far as I be concerned they be unidentified and they be definitely fly . clive and object . PAT damn straight . whether or not they be spaceship , I can not say . probably not , but I would like to think they be . be a shame if we be the only soul in the universe . clive do you now , it 's estimate that there be as many as 200 billion galaxy in the observable universe and each of that have approximately 40 billion start , around which orbit countless planet and moon ? PAT yes . clive oh. PAT make you think though , do not it ? clive what ? PAT where be everybody ? graham and clive ponder this . PAT you boy all set ? clive I would like a cup of coffee please . PAT sure thing . how about you , sugar ? graham can I have a E.T. malt please ? PAT you wanna sparkler in that ? graham smile coyly . 14 . PAT I will take that as a yes . she beam at the boy and disappear into the kitchen . graham and clive be leave alone . they take it all in . clive it 's nice here , be not it ? graham absolutely . clive I think I might use the loo . clive walk through a door mark " '' malien ' . the adjacent toilet door ( gus and jake ) enter . graham become uneasy . PAT yes dear , what can I get you ? jake two beer . PAT come right up . int . the little a'le'inn . toilet - evening clive wash he hand . he pump soap from a dispenser which be shape like a alien 's head , the soap squirt out of its mouth . clive be quite take with this . clive that be absolutely amazing ! int . the little a'le'inn . bar - evening clive appear out of the toilet with he hand in the air . clive hey Graham , a alien just sick up into my palm . clive do not see the two man sit up at the counter . he stride over to graham , full of excitement . clive I be joke , of course . they have a soap dispenser , shape like a alien 's head . when you pump he jaw , soap come out of he mouth . graham ( mumbling ) clive ... 15 . clive it 's hilarious . graham flick he eye to the counter . clive what ? clive look over and see the two man . they be glaring back . clive immediately lose he confident air . PAT ( o.s. ) here it come ! graham close he yes , remember what he order . the two man turn to see PAT emerge from the kitchen with a tray of drink . two bottle of beer , one cup of coffee and a absurd look milkshake in a tall glass with a sparkler . PAT okay then , beer for you gentleman . a cup of Joe and a extra thick malt with a sparkler for the boy from outer space . the man snigger derisively . PAT sense the tension . PAT so , where you boy head ? jake we be head into Utah . do ourselves some hunt . gus Deer , coon , beaver , whatever step in front of the bangstick , right Jake ? they throw a look back at graham and clive . jake you get that right , Gus . PAT well now , I hear Utah beaver put up quite a fight . gus that 's what we be count on . they nudge each other and laugh . PAT I better make you something good and hot . Long way to the beehive . PAT give graham and clive a look . clive understand and fumble for hi wallet . 16 . he place a number of bill on the table . they leave . graham come back in and retrieve the bumper sticker . PAT give he a wink . he leave . int / ext . rv - evening graham board the rv . clive be in the driver 's seat . the engine be run . clive what take you so long ? graham I be put the sticker on . clive they be a odd pair , be not they ? graham definitely do not speak bocci . clive fire up the engine and jam it into reverse . crunch . graham ( cont 'd ) that be not they truck be it ? clive no . ext . the little a'le 'inn - evening the rv roar off , leave the car park and the black lincoln escalade , shiny , mean , dent . int / ext . rv - night graham look at a map . clive drive , continually check he rear view . graham what 's the matter ? clive nothing . how we do ? graham we should be just about there . they scan the roadside for a few second . clive I have find it . graham where ? 17 . clive there !!! ext . the extra terrestrial highway - night the rv come to a screeching halt . it sit in the road for a moment , before it trundle onto the hard shoulder . the door open , graham and clive appear wear head mount torch . they wander over to a white mailbox . graham / clive ( reverentially ) the Black mailbox . graham and clive marvel at it . the silence of the night and the size of the landscape dawns on they . they look up . clive it 's amazing , be not it ? we be actually here . graham Area 51 . clive dreamland . graham the Groom Lake military test facility . clive macarthur 's Black mile . graham be that a real one ? clive no , I make it up myself . graham I like it . clive be great if we see something . graham yes , imagine if we get buzze up by a craft . clive that would be incredible . it just sort of stop in the air and hover then just go up really fast . whoosh . 18. graham what would you do if they actually land ? clive keep it together . first contact be a big responsibility . they come in peace , we go to piece ? that 's not how I roll . clive look at graham who be stare off , wide eye . clive what 's wrong ? graham point off into the distance . headlight . graham it 's they . they find we . I do not know how but they find we . clive who ? who 's find we ? graham the libyan ! clive run for it marty ! graham and clive scramble for the rv . int . rv - night clive drive , graham look nervous . in the dashboard of the rv be a rear view monitor . they look at it intently . graham perhaps it 's not they . perhaps whoever it be turn doff . clive of course it 's they . we be dead . it 's like deliverance . they be go to rape we and break we arm . graham I do not want my arm break ! clive there 's only one thing for it . graham what ? clive I be gonna have to fly blind . 19 . clive kill the headlight . they be plunge into darkness , still travel at 65 mph . the headlight come back on . clive probably best not to do that . I could not really see anything . they stare at the monitor . suddenly , creep up the rear of the rv , headlight . the front of a car become visible . clive oh God , oh God , oh God . graham I need the toilet . clive I too . the vehicle behind pull out to overtake . clive they be try to overtake . graham do not let they get past . clive should I ram they ? graham what about the deposit ? clive gingerly jerk the wheel , cause the rv to swerve . a black sedan car appear next to they , manoeuver wildly to avoid the rv . graham and clive stare in horror , they eye widen as the car flip over and tumble several time , bounce across the asphalt and slide to a smoking stop on its roof . graham 's mouth hang open . clive blink . clive it be not they . the rv pull up to the crash vehicle and stop . graham and clive peer out of the window . clive we should see if they be okay . graham I still need a wee . clive I can hold mine . graham go to the back of the rv and into the toilet . clive remain int he drive seat , stare out at the mangle sedan . the toilet flush and graham reappear . 20 . graham the bulb 's go in there . ext . the extra terrestrial highway - night graham and clive step out of the rv and approach the car . Inside be three unconscious man . one door be open . clive hello ? they wait for a few second . nothing . graham maybe you should call for help . graham pull out a cell phone and start to dial . voice ( o.s. ) I would not do that if I be you . graham and clive spin round to see a indistinct figure sit on a rock in the nearby darkness . the glow of a cigarette briefly light up what appear to be two large , black eye . graham and clive gawp . clive I rather think this man need help . Graham , give I the phone . graham pass the phone over . voice seriously , I would not do that . graham 's mouth fall open , clive continue to hold the phone to he ear . we hear the operator . operator 911 emergency . how may I direct you call ? hello ? hello ? graham and clive continue to gawp . the shape stand and step into the light . graham and clive go slack . stand in front of they , clad only in cut - off short and flip-flop ... be a alien . alien put - the phone - down . without the slight change of expression clive rock backwards in a dead faint . he hit the ground with a bump . graham look at clive then back at the alien . when graham speak he voice quiver with hysterical panic . graham what have you do to he ? 21 . alien I do not do anything . he faint . graham yes but you make he faint . alien I do not . okay I do , but it 's not like i set my phaser to " '' faint ' . graham you have get a phaser !? alien no ! look , I need you to help . can you get this guy back onto you wagon ? graham be you go to probe we ? alien no ! where do that come from ? why do people always assume we want to stick something up they ass ? graham do not you ? alien no . there 's certainly nothing about it in the encounter manual . as a rule , we do not even abduct . maybe people find it easier to deal with earthly transgression if they suppress it with absurd fantasy about alien probing . graham what ? alien it 's just a theory . listen , focus okay ? I promise you I will not hurt you , I just need you help . graham you need my help ? alien yes . graham how come I can understand you ? be you use some sort of neural language router ? 22. alien no , I be speak English you prick . ( off graham 's expression ) sorry , I be tense . look , what 's you name ? graham Graham willy . alien what about he ? graham that 's the writer , clive golling . alien well , let 's get clive into the rv and get go . I will explain everything on the way . please . graham where be we go ? alien North . graham the rv 's gotta be back in 2 day . alien well , then we be gonna have to hustle , be not we ? graham but - alien look Graham , you be just gonna have to trust I , okay ? graham look at the alien . it stand at roughly 3 foot tall . his black almond shape eye glint . his large head tilt to one side , he small mouth open slightly , he long finger clasp together , plead . alien please man , I need you . graham consider the alien for a moment . graham okay then . alien great . thank you . graham what 's you name ? 23. alien I be Paul . graham Paul ? paul yeah . now let 's get cloverfield onto the recreational vehicle and get the fuck off macarthur 's Black mile . they attempt to move clive . paul sense something . paul ( cont 'd ) oh man , have he ...? graham I tell he he should have go . paul could have be worse . know what I be say ? they drag he into the rv . the door shut , a few second later , graham appear and run round to the back of the rv . he rip the bumper sticker off and get back on board . the rv start up and drive off . int / ext . rv - night graham drive , agitate . he look behind he a couple of time . paul be hunt around in the fridge . paul can I have this ham ? graham uh ... yes . paul great ! paul start to dangle strip of sandwich ham into he mouth , wolfing it down hungrily . graham Paul ? where be I go again ? paul I tell you , North . do you have a map ? graham pull the map . it obscure the wind shield . paul not when we be drive , Graham . 24 . the map disappear back up into the roller . graham sorry . paul just head North . we need to get as much distance as we can between we and they . graham they ? who 's they ? ext . the extra terrestrial highway - night we hear the noise of engine , then boot on concrete as a dozen soldier rush the area , attend the crash . a suite man get out of a sedan car . we do not see he face at first . the shot remain at he hip . he reach into he pocket and pull out a twinkie . he unwrap it and bring it up to he mouth . we follow and see he face for the first time . chisell , focus , confident . this be special agent zoil . a soldier approach . captain Sir ? zoil talk to I . captain Three survivor , company man , hurt but alive . zoil anyone else ? captain no sir . zoil look into the sky and breathes in the night air . captain what 's this ? the captain motion to a patch of moisture near he foot . zoil touch the wet patch and lick he finger . captain what be it sir ? brake fluid ? Gas ? zoil no . it 's neither of that thing . he look around , then notice tire track in the dust by the side of the road . zoil stand , full of purpose . he return to he car and hit a button on the dash . 25 . voice what 's the situation ? zoil we have a guest who 's leave the hotel without pay , sir . voice damn it ! do you think he 's " ˜left ' leave ? zoil doubtful . norad would have pick up a bogie . that guy can track Santa . no sir , he 's still here . question be , for how long ? voice do not you think this be all a bit of a coincidence ? zoil how so ? voice I sign the red document this morning , Zoil . do not you think it 's odd that he choose today to go awol ? how do he know ? zoil be you suggest he have someone on the inside . voice maybe . zoil well he 's definitely get someone on the outside . voice what ? zoil Tire track , sir . Tire track ... among other thing . I would bet my leave nut that little bastard 's hitched a ride . voice lock down the area . Road block , spot check , the whole nine yard . you be go to handle this personally , Zoil . I want this wrap up before letterman . 26 . ext / int . rv. night - a few hour later Close on the wheel . pull out to reveal the rv . Inside , clive 's eye open . from the bathroom , clive can hear the sound of someone noisily empty they bladder . he notice he jeans have be peg up to dry . he lean out to see graham in the drive seat , then look back at the bathroom door . the toilet flush . clive pretend to be asleep as the door open . a pair of skinny grey leg in cut - off short pass the bunk . paul the bulb 's go in there . clive get up silently and wrap he black towel around he middle . he creep toward the front of the rv . graham drive , paul sit in the chewie seat eat pistachio . paul I hate it when you get the close one , right ? graham I usually bite they open . paul be you fuck insane ? you gotta tap " ˜em and if they do not open you throw they away . graham that 's mollusc . paul shut up . graham it 's true . ( notice clive ) hello clive ! how be you feel ? clive I be feel like I have go mental mad , Graham . if that be you name ? you be happily sit there chat to ... to ... that , like it 's the most natural thing in the world . the two of you laugh away like you have not see each other since 1990 . paul spit a shell out into a cup . 27 . clive ( cont 'd ) so forgive I if I seem a little rattle but from where I be stand it would appear you be trading nut knowledge with a alien life form . graham his name be Paul . clive oh , Paul be it ? Paul what ? Paul verhoven ? Paul Freeman ? Paul reiser ? paul just Paul . you know , like madonna or dracula . graham Paul 's from a small planet in the northern spiral arm of the andromeda galaxy . clive no he be not ! paul I be man , seriously . clive how could he possibly have travel that distance ? paul wormhole . clive ball ! Graham , this be not what it seem . what about ocham 's razor ? graham the hairdresser ? clive yes , the old man who own it tell I that , in unbelievable circumstance , the most plausible explanation be usually the truth . paul and what 's the most plausible explanation , clive ? clive that you be a thin midget in a alien costume . 28 . paul there 's no such thing as a thin midget ? that guy be build . have you not see the Station agent ? graham he 's right . I think that 's less believable than Paul be form a planet in the norther spiral arm of the andromeda galaxy . clive ( cont 'd ) oh really ? with this clive grab at paul . he pull at the alien 's skin , try to gain a hold of a mask . paul ow ! get off I ! clive you be not real . you be not real ! graham Excuse I . paul get off I , you fuck psycho ! graham excuse I ! clive release paul and look out of the rv to see the flash light of a road block . graham slow down . clive oh shit ! clive look round to discover that paul have vanish . graham pull the rv onto the hard shoulder . clive where 's he go ? graham maybe he beam up . clive as if . we would have see the classic shimmer and hum . graham good point . bang , bang , bang ! graham and clive look to the door . both terrify . 29 . ext . desert road - night graham and clive stand outside the rv be question by a agent dress like zoil . we can hear noise and activity from the rv . another agent be aboard the rv . agent 1 where you boy from ? Australia ? clive Britain . agent 1 ah. g'day mate . the agent smile . graham and clive look terrify . agent 1 whatcha doin ' in the US fella ? clive / graham comic-con . agent 1 you be a long way from San Diego . clive we be have a little drive . agent 1 be that right ? agent 2 ( o.s. ) hey haggard ?! haggard yeah ? o'reilly appear at the door wave a 10x8 " '' photograph . o'reilly this guy have meet Michael biehn . haggard no shit ! how be he ? clive he be a good egg . graham very unaffected . haggard that 's nice to hear . ( to agent 2 ) o'reilly ? anything else ? 30 . o'reilly just some pissy jeans . haggard look down at the towel wrap around clive 's wait . clive look embarrassed . haggard okay , you guy can go . clive thank you . May I ask what you be search for ? haggard of course you may . there be a slight pause . graham and clive board the rv . int / ext . rv - night graham and clive pull away in silence . they be both confuse and shake . clive well , it 's pretty obvious what happen there , be not it ? graham be it ? clive yes , the government use some sort of neurotoxic paint on the Black mailbox , which be white by the way , and it cause we to suffer a share hallucination about a alien . I mean , it 's what we have always want , be not it ? graham I suppose so . clive than that 's what happen . paul materialize from thin air behind they . paul wrong ! ext . desert road - night the sound of screeching tire draw the attention of the two agent . they see the rv swerve across the road in the distance before righting itself and continue on its way . 31 . int . rv - night clive where the hell do you go ? paul nowhere . graham what , you go invisible ? paul it 's not invisibility per so . it 's more like what a chameleon do with a little light blend throw in for good measure . graham like predator ? paul exactly . graham can you do it whenever you want ? paul ( predator voice ) anytime ... ext . road - night we hear graham squeal with delight . the rv gun up the road into the night . int . rv - daybreak clive drive in silence . paul sit in the passenger seat eat nut . Day be break over the horizon . graham snooze on the sofa . paul offer clive a nut . clive no thank you . paul you sure ? how about a cup of coffee ? ( see he 's tempt ) come on hulk , I will get you a nice cuppa J. paul go back to the galley , flick graham on the nose as he pass . graham wake up with a start . paul hey , look who 's up ! 32 . graham hello Paul . graham approach clive who ignore he . graham what 's the matter ? clive Graham , there be a grey in the galley , make I coffee . graham do you want tea ? clive no , I do not want tea . graham tea 's a bit weird in America , be not it ? clive no , what 's wried , Graham , be that we have pick up a extra terrestrial hitch hiker and you seem completely fine with it ! graham he need we help , clive . paul return with the coffee . graham and clive curtail they conversation . paul hand clive he coffee . paul clive you get it ? yes I have get it . paul clive it 's hot. ( slightly testy ) thank you . graham look at Paul and nod toward clive . paul sigh and sit in the chewie seat . graham hang back ... paul look clive , I be gonna go out on a limb and say this be probably the weirdest thing that 's ever happen to you . be i right ? clive do not deny it . paul and I appreciate the fact that I have somewhat gate - crash the party here but , truth be tell , I be in a hell of a pickle . I really need you help . 33. clive why we ? paul why not ? clive glance back at a expectant graham . clive what about the rv ? it have to be back in two day . graham clive , he 's a alien . a live , breathe , alien . clive look at paul who make a sad face and do the hand gesture from Close encounter . clive wilt . clive I suppose we could phone the hire company and get a extension . paul look super- pleased . clive how do you get here ? paul crashed in " '' 47 . anti-grav failure . graham happens to the best of we . paul also , I be a shit driver . clive oh my god! roswell ?! that be you ?! paul roswell be a smoke- screen man , design to distract from the truth . clive they invent a fake alien crash to distract from a actual alien crash ? paul I know , fuck stupid , be not it ? clive what have you be do here all this time ? 34 . paul oh you know , kickin ' back , shoot the shit . advise the government . graham not just the government . int . room - day caption : 1980 a room light by a single bulb , furnish with a table and chair . paul sit with he back to we , he be smoking a cigarette , whilst talk on the phone . we hear the voice on the other end of the line . it be strangely familiar . steven spielberg ... I want he to have some kind of special power , you know ? something sort of messianic ... paul how about molecular revivification . steven spielberg I do not know what that be . paul restoration of damage tissue through telepathic manipulation of cellular intrinsic field memory . steven spielberg I ...uh ... paul heal , Steven . steven spielberg oh right yeah . like by touch sort of thing ? his little finger could light up at the end and - paul you know what ? sometimes , less be more . the line beep . steven spielberg you get another call ? paul yeah I gotta take this man . it 's the fuck V guy again . 35 . int . rv - day paul right . graham you would be surprised how much he 's influence popular culture generally over the last 60 year . clive ( to graham ) how come you know so much ? graham we have quite a long chat while you be unconscious . clive look miff . graham ... while you be asleep . paul you want a bagel clive ? clive no thanks . paul Graham ? graham yes please . clive go on then , I will have half . paul ( o.s. ) you want anything on it ? clive jam . paul ( o.s. ) what ? clive jelly . paul gotcha . paul head to the kitchen . the boy drive in silence . graham I give you jeans a swill and hang they up . 36 . clive thank you . so , do you know where we be go ? graham just North . he say we have to make a right at Utah . clive why can not he tell we ? graham he say it be a surprise . clive do you trust he , Graham ? I mean , be he strider or Black Rider ? graham strider , definitely . clive you would better be right . I do not want to wake up and find he insert a probe into my anus . graham it 's okay , he do not do that . paul return with three bagel on one long finger . paul bagel time ! the dashboard beep . paul jump throw they into the air . graham fuel level 's critical . paul sorry , I have a warning light just like that on my ship . graham for fuel ? paul anti-grav failure . clive be look at the sit - nav on the computer . clive there 's a place call ely five mile from here . it 's small but there should be a gas station . graham Roger that , number one . 37 . clive smile at graham and flash paul a triumphant look . paul cough loudly , barely disguise the word " geek " .. int . rv - morning graham and clive peer out at the gas station . it appear desert . paul have he head in the fridge , he crack open a v8 , stroll to the front of the rv and honk the horn . a old man peer out of the gas station window and wave . clive Paul , do not do that ! paul here 's what I need . some organic beef mince , organic pork , some veal , red onion , pine nut , pecorino cheese , plum tomato , a fistful of fresh basil and 3 war ciabattas . clive you know this be a gas station ? paul look disappointed . ext . gas station - day the door to the rv open , clive and graham step out onto the forecourt , try to look as casual as they can . clive ready ? graham ready . hoooonnnnnkkkk ! graham and clive jump . paul ( o.s. ) get I some more peanut m&amp ; Ms. graham go into the store , clive to the pump . a police cruiser pull onto the forecourt . clive go pale and fumble the nozzle back into the pump . he walk toward the checkout as a state trooper exit he car . no matter how hard he try , clive cannot avoid reach the door at the same time as the state trooper . he be tall , wide and bald . state trooper after you . clive thanks . 38 . ext . desert road - morning Close up on o'reilly . he cover he face with he hand . o'reilly come ... ready or not ! o'reilly uncover he eye and come face to face with zoil . zoil be eat a orange , he offer a segment to o'reilly . zoil Orange ? o'reilly no thanks . zoil Nice and juicy . o'reilly I do not want to spoil breakfast . zoil do you mind tell I what 's go on , agent ? o'reilly just keep ourselves occupy sir . thing be pretty slow . zoil where 's the other one ? o'reilly I do not know , let 's see . haggard ? haggard step out from behind the only man shape cactus on the entire desert plain . o'reilly can not help but let out a snort of delighted surprise . haggard hurry over . haggard sorry , I be just ... hide . zoil I see . you fella have much traffic through here ? haggard just a big rv drive by a couple of nerd . zoil nerd , huh ? haggard yeah , they would be to comic - con and meet Michael biehn . 39 . zoil I have hear he 's nice . haggard good egg . o'reilly very unaffected . zoil do you search the vehicle thoroughly ? o'reilly yes sir . zoil find anything ? o'reilly not really . just Michael biehn 's autograph and some pissy jeans . Close in on zoil . he seem suddenly motivate . zoil do you get the license plate ? haggard and o'reilly look sheepish . zoil make ? more sheepishness . haggard it be big . zoil I want everything you can remember . description of the occupant , height , hair , distinguishing feature . we can do it on the way . haggard on the way ? zoil you be come with I . o'reilly what about the road block sir ? zoil it do not work . 40 . int . gas station - morning graham join clive at the check out , clutching a bag of jerky , a bottle of chocolate milk , a burrito , a Coke , some mini doughnut and a massive bag of peanut m&amp ; Ms. clive do not you think that 's a bit much ? put it all back . except the burrito ... and the doughnut ... and the chocolate milk . let 's just pay for it and leave . graham we need bulb for the toilet . clive essential only , Graham ! they head to the counter . so do the state trooper . state trooper Morning Chris ! CHRIS hey Dean . state trooper who do you think I have in my office this morning ? CHRIS Jeremy pive ? state trooper no. the secret service . graham bump into a display of sunglass and just stop it tumble . CHRIS and the state trooper glance over . CHRIS they find out how you can afford a dodge viper on trooper pay ? state trooper not yet . they be all over this crash on the road up to Rachel . CHRIS what you think 's go on ? state trooper do not know , could be Muslims . CHRIS Jesus cheeerist ! clive and graham sidle up to the check - out . 41 . state trooper you go right ahead . clive thank you very much , officer . state trooper where be you guy from ? graham Britain . state trooper Britain , huh ? Nice place . no gun ! CHRIS no gun ? Jesus cheeerist . CHRIS take the money and the boy leave . the state trooper and CHRIS watch they go . ext . gas station - morning the boy hurry across the forecourt past the cop car , we hear the radio spring to life as they pass . police controller all unit , be on the lookout for a cream and brown recreational vehicle , no plate number at this time . officer be advise to contain but not board . Dean , if you still at Gas and go , bring back a quart a milk and a box of doughnut hole ? Dean ? graham and clive stop and stare , listen intently . hooooooonnnnnnkkkkk ! int . rv - sometime later paul sit on the sofa catch m&amp ; ms in he mouth . graham drive , clive sit in the chewie seat . clive it 's find for you . you will get whisk back to whatever lab they keep you in and we will be arrest for harbour a fugitive and send to Guantanamo Bay . paul laugh . clive why 's everything so funny ? they think we be Muslims . 42 . paul that 's they excuse for everything . there be worse thing you can be . we have a Muslim guy at the base . system analyst call yusef . we use to do karaoke on Tuesday night . you should 'a hear he do Matthew and Son . shame I do not get a chance to say salam alaikum . clive Paul , the authority know we be in a tv . paul we be hardly the only rv on the road . trust I , if we stay off the highway , keep to the back route , we will have a nice uneventful journey . bang !!! something strike the windshield . everyone jump . graham bring the rv to a halt . silence . ext . desert road - day the door to the rv swing open , clive and graham step out . the desert road be silent . we can see for mile . on the road lie a yellow and black bird , it be very dead . paul fuck , that make I jump . clive ah yes , the waspish marking of a Scott 's oriole . unmistakable . paul what a waste . graham poor thing . clive nothing anyone could have do . paul look at they , then scoops the bird up in he hand . graham what be you do ? paul close he eye . his skin ripple with color as he sway slightly . the bird 's eye flicker , its head lift , it open its beak and tweet . graham and clive be astound by what they be see . graham it 's a miracle ! 43. paul stuff the bird in he mouth with a grotesque crunch . paul I will miss this . clive why would you do that ? paul I be not gonna eat a dead bird , be I ? ext . gas station - day zoil and he man be park on the forecourt of the gas station . zoil be talk to the state trooper and CHRIS . state trooper by the time I get the bulletin , they be long go . seem like nice fella to I . CHRIS be it true they be Muslims ? state trooper they say they be british . zoil I think you can be both . CHRIS Jesus cheeeeerist ! haggard agent Zoil ? zoil Excuse I gentleman . zoil leave with the two man and return to he vehicle . the voice of zoil 's superior cut the air . voice report . zoil we have track they down to a gas station in ely . voice so why be I not witting with my foot up , smoking a jay , watch Erin brockovich ? zoil we think he may be travel in a rv with two british man sir . 44 . voice goddamnit , I know we should have go ahead with invasion in " '' 44 . what be they , mi6 ? zoil no , sir . just a couple of nerd on the lamb from Comic-Con . voice shit . my sister 's kid go to that . Little manga faggot . zoil I still think this stink , sir . voice like fat man doo-doo . it 's too much of a coincidence . he sit tight for 60 year and then suddenly now he decide to take off . if he want to go home so bad , he could have just give we the slip when he be play golf with J. Edgar Hoover . zoil someone must have tell he . we need to find the rat . voice leave that to I . in the meantime , if E.T. be still m.i.a. in the p.m. then f.y.i . I be tear someone a new A. o.k .? zoil yes sir . int . rv - dusk graham be sit in the chewie seat , paul be read jelva , Queen of the varvak . clive drive . graham what do you think ? paul ask I when I have finish it . clide rub he yes . graham you tired , sausage ? clive ( whispering ) do not call I sausage in front of he . 45 . graham sorry . be you tired though ? clive mummy , I be bushed . graham what do you need ? clive best case , I would like a cold flannel on my neck and a honest meal . graham I hear that , Big -rig . I can still call you big-rig can not I ? clive sure . just not sausage . any luck with a rv park ? we need somewhere off the beat track , n'est pas ? graham Roger that . Cup of Joe ? clive you read my mind . graham head to the galley , ignore paul , who jump into the chewie seat and stare at clive . clive can I help you ? paul you want a cigarette ? clive no , thank you . I do not smoke . paul light a cigarette , the smoke waft into clive 's face . paul look , I be sorry okay ? about eat the bird . clive continue to ignore paul . graham arrive with the coffee and a honey bun cake . graham honey bun ? clive could you unwrap it for I ? graham by you command . 46 . graham unwrap the cake and pop it into clive 's gob . paul watch . graham disappear to the back of the rv . paul let I ask you something . be you to ...? clive what ? paul you know ... paul do a very weird , very long charade , demonstrate various " ˜group ' and " ˜one on one ' homosexual practice . clive no ! paul okay , that 's great . I just wonder . I be cool with it . everyone 's " ˜bi ' where I be from . it 's all about the pleasure thing , you know ? we have evolve beyond paranoid notion of gender identity . I mean , procreation be only the functional aspect of sexual congress right ? the human race be fairly advanced but most male still act like a cornere tiger if you imply the like " usmoke the bone ' and let 's face it they probably do . look at single sex , empirical institution , board school , prison , pirate ship , place where the choice have be remove , everyone 's bang everyone else and there be not a whiff of socio-cultural angst . get out into the real world and guy be get smack int he chop for wear pink sock . you think you be so sophisticated because you can distinguish yourself from you own reflection but ultimately you be part of a deeply neurotic species and you would all be a lot better off if you stop worry and learn to love the bum . clive what be you try to say ? paul maybe you should start smoking . 47 . int . rv - evening later , the rv pull up to gate at the front of a rv park . graham be now in the chewie seat , paul stand behind , steadying himself on the back of they chair . clive great find , Graham . graham I source a website list off the beat track , North american rv park . paul I really luck out with you nerd , do not I ? graham and clive look proud . clive drive the rv over a speed hump into the park . paul lose he balance and fall over . graham and clive laugh . they pull up to a gate . graham it 's awfully quiet . clive just the way we like it . paul scramble to he foot , reach across clive and rest on the horn . hooooooonnnnk ! clive stop do that ! graham someone 's come . paul shimmer and disappear . graham and clive yelp . voice hello ? clive ( quietly to Graham ) we be just a couple of regular guy on a tour of the less touristy side of the american midwest . graham I do not think she hear you . clive I be talk to you . graham oh , sorry . 48 . voice hello ? graham open the door . RUTH behe , a young woman in she mid - twenty stand outside . she be pretty but have no idea . she wear glass , one eye of which be black out . graham stare at she . we hear the slide guitar moment from olivia Newton John 's " hopelessly devote to you " '' . RUTH good evening , I be Ruth behe . clive hello Ruth . do you mind if we come in ? RUTH sure . Park in Bay 9 . the charge be $ 50 for the night , plus $ 10 for hook up a I will need to hang onto a id too . clive disappear , leave graham and RUTH alone . graham we be just a couple of regular guy on tour of the less touristy side of the american midwest . RUTH where you head next ? graham uh , east ... apparently . clive return with he passport . RUTH look at it . RUTH England ? clive yes. London . RUTH I love London . clive have you be ? RUTH no . do you know it be found by the Roman in ad 43 as londinium ? graham / clive yes . RUTH oh. I would love to go someday . 49 . graham you should . RUTH there 's lot a place I wanna go . Europe . Asia . the antipode . the world 's a big place . I need one of this though . clive you do not have a passport ? RUTH shake she head forlornly . graham and clive stare . male voice ( o.s. ) RUTH ! RUTH ! get in here ! I be hungry RUTH that 's my father . I will come over and take you money in the morning . have a pleasant night now , will not you ? RUTH open the gate to allow clive to drive through . graham watch RUTH intently as they pass . clive Doors to manual and cross check . Graham ? Graham ? graham hmmm ? paul re-materialize next to graham and clive . paul boo ! ext . rv park - night RUTH be walk back to a static mobile home . from the rv we hear graham and clive yelp . RUTH furrow she brow , turn back , and go inside . int . behe residence - night RUTH enter a static mobile home and head for kitchenette . from the ad-join room we hear the sound of someone use a police radio scanner . garble report fade in and out . we perhaps even hear zoil 's voice briefly amid the static . mose behe ( o.s. ) what take you so long ? RUTH I be just talk . 50 . RUTH stir a pot on the stove . she surreptitiously retrieve a atla from a drawer a start to read . mose behe ( o.s. ) you talk to much . RUTH sorry papa . mose behe ( o.s. ) how long they stay ? RUTH just the night I think mose behe ( o.s. ) hook up ? RUTH uh-huh . mose behe ( o.s. ) where they head ? RUTH East . mose behe ( o.s. ) they California plate I see ? RUTH yes , but they be from London . mose behe ( o.s. ) London , Ohio ? RUTH no , London , England . mose behe ( o.s. ) where ?! RUTH England , papa . it 's in North western Europe . the atla be snatch out of RUTH 's hand . behind she stand the tower figure of mose behe . almost as wide as he be tall , he eye glitter with fury and menace . mose behe Europe ? I will give you Europe , missy . now , get and make my supper . mose lumber off with the atla . RUTH look deject . 51 . ext . rv park - later quick cut as graham and clive hook up power and water to the rv and prepare a small bbq . int . rv - moment later the door to the rv open , graham and clive jump in . paul lower he book and be blind by they headlamps . paul arrghh , what the fuck ?! graham hungry ? paul I eat already . graham and clive look suddenly sad . paul too soon ? they nod . paul hey , I be sorry . I would love to break bread with you guy . what be we have ? graham wave a foot long hot dog around . graham willies ! paul give clive a " ˜see what I mean ? ' look . clive I will flame up the bbq pit . Fire 's my forte . clive spark up he lighter and wave it around look mysterious . he then turn and jump down all three step and slam the door of the rv behind he . ext . rv park - night clive be squirting lighter fluid over a fire . he flick he tongue out , summoning the flame higher . paul materialize nearby , make clive jump . he compose himself . 52 . paul hello clive . from the squirting of the gas and the flick of the tongue , be I do assume you be a hendrix fan ? clive I be actually , yes . paul I meet he once . clive really ? paul yeah . Nice man , really soft , he think I be a hallucination . shame what happen to he . clive all the good one die . paul meanwhile bryan Adams release album seventeen . paul and clive share a laugh . clive so you have be here for 60 year ? paul I know , right ? time fly when you be confine to a U.S. military installation . clive why do you come to earth ? paul I be the vanguard of a highly aggressive invade force . clive what ?! paul I be fuck with you , man . I be on a science mission actually . meteorological reconnaissance . we be surveying atmospheric condition on co2 spike , m-class planet . my specialist subject be tornado right ? so I be buzzing around the mid-west , look for twister and all of a sudden my a.g.g. go offline and I crash in the middle of some field . ( more ) 53. paul ( cont 'd ) next thing I know , this little girl be pull I out of the wreck and then a bunch of army guy come along and cart I off to Area 52 . clive 51 . paul no , it 's 52 . Area 51 be just full of old Pan be jet and mini disc player and shit . it 's another " clever subterfuge . " '' graham join they with the food . paul just tell he about Area 52 . graham ha ha yeah . paul so , with my cover blow and the native cautious but friendly , I figure we might as well indulge in a little file share . clive mulder be right ! paul mulder be my idea . they chuckle . clive give paul the bottle of gas . clive would you like a go ? paul take the bottle and squirt it on the fire , make the hendrix face . they laugh loudly . ext . behe residence - night RUTH watch through she window . graham , clive and paul be on the other side of the rv . nevertheless , RUTH can see three pair of dance leg underneath the vehicle , silhouett against the campfire . she frown . mose behe ( o.s. ) RUTH ! RUTH back away into the shadow . 54 . int . rv - morning it be very early in the morning . paul be asleep on the sofa . there be a knock at the door . paul vanish . graham and clive emerge from the bedroom in dress gowns . clive who be it ? RUTH ( o.s. ) it 's Ruth . graham and clive look at each other nervously . clive open the door , as graham straighten he hair . RUTH good morning . clive good morning . RUTH May I come in ? graham yes . clive give graham a " ˜what the hell be you think ? ' look as RUTH come aboard . RUTH survey the interior of the rv . RUTH be everything to you like ? clive yes , thank you . RUTH where 's the other one ? clive the other one ? RUTH it 's okay , we do not charge by the person . that be three pair of leg I see last night cavort round the camp fire , right ? clive oh the other one . um ... paul I be in the can . I eat a close mollusc . paul blow a massive raspberry to prove he point . graham and clive look embarrassed . graham change the subject . 55 . graham I like you shirt . the shirt have a picture of Jesus shoot Charles darwin in the head . underneath it read , " evolve this ! " '' RUTH thanks . I get it at my church . graham why would Jesus want to shoot Charles darwin ? RUTH ( brightly ) because of he theory . be you man of God ? graham would you like a coffee ? clive I suppose we be man of science . graham clive - RUTH narrow she eye . clive if we believe in anything it would be macro evolution . Cause and effect . the establishment of a biological order from the maelstrom of physical and chemical chaos . RUTH look scandalize . graham or it could be God . you just do not know do you ? RUTH God create the earth in six day and on the seventh he rest . paul emit another huge raspberry from the toilet . clive do you know that the universe have be date as be 13.5 billion year old a that the release of neutral hydrogen at the moment of the big bang have enable scientist to do this with categorical accuracy ? graham yes . 56 . clive not you ! RUTH the world be 4000 year old . paul ( o.s. ) oh come on ! graham paul - paul ( o.s. ) horseshit ! RUTH approach the toilet door , take up she fight with the unseen third passenger . she bang on the door . graham and clive be bewilder by this sudden turn of event . RUTH explain to I how something as complicated as the human eye simply come into be . paul ( o.s. ) oh , do not give I that old irreducible complexity crap - RUTH they eye be comprise of three interact part . remove any one of they and it cease to exist . it have the precision and delicacy of a pocket watch and , when the good Lord permit , it work in perfect harmony with its environment . something as functionally perfect as that do not just occur without the intervention of a guide hand . paul ( o.s. ) but it do not just occur do it ? it be the culmination of million of year of development across countless species . RUTH what be you talk about ? paul ( o.s. ) evolution baby . RUTH scream and bang the door . RUTH it would design ! 57 . paul ( o.s. ) if he design it , why do not he just make it one part and take the whole weekend off ? RUTH nothing you can so or do can shake my belief , or faith in the sure and certain knowledge that God make Heaven and earth and create we all in his own image . paul oh yeah ? ( step out of the toilet ) well then how do you explain I ? RUTH 's mouth hang agape in a soundless scream , she eye roll up , she hair turn white . she collapse . paul and that 's jenga . clive what do you do that for ? paul I do not do anything , she faint . clive she see you ! paul oh come on . who 's gonna believe anything she say ? clive the authority will be on the look out for exactly this sort of thing . paul what , a delusional , one - eye God botherer ? clive Paul , right now they be go to follow any lead they can get . paul I do not think of that . graham we could take she with we . paul / clive what ? 58 . graham we be only go to be a couple of day . we could let she go once Paul 's go home . I be sure she will be fine once she get to know we . paul and clive consider this . clive how be I go to get my passport back ? paul vanish . paul ( o.s. ) leave it to I . int . behe residence - day the door open , seemingly by itself . paul materialize in the kitchenette and start look around for clive 's passport . he root around noisily in drawer and cupboard , until he spy he quarry on the work - top . he check the passport and find clive 's absurd picture . he laugh . paul hallelujah . mose behe ( o.s. ) Ruth , what in the Lord 's name - mose and paul come face to face . they regard each other for a second . paul boo ? ext . rv park - day paul burst out of the behe residence , pursue by mose who be load a shotgun . paul go ! go ! go ! the rv start to move forward . the door swing open and graham appear , beckone to paul . paul reach the door , just as mose level the gun at he target . paul leap into graham 's arm , disappear inside the rv , as mose fire off a booming shot . the behe mailbox explode into piece , as the rv careen off out of the trailer park . int . rv - day blackness . RUTH wake up . panic in she eye . clive drive , graham sit on the sofa , bite he nail . 59 . graham hi. RUTH where be I ? paul lean round from the chewie seat and smile . paul hey , look who 's up . RUTH demon ! graham would you like a cup of tea ? RUTH start to pray furiously . graham I be so sorry it have to be this way Ruth . we be definitely not go to hurt you and we will let you go as son as we can . we be just a little concerned that you might call the police . RUTH you have be deceive . deceive by a agent of Satan himself . paul ( o.s. ) you know I be sit right here ? graham he 's not a demon Ruth , he 's from another world and we be help he get home . he 's not evil . he 's just very rude . RUTH how can he be from another world ? there be only one world . we world , create by God the Father . paul sit down next to graham . RUTH whimper . paul look , if it make you feel any better , my existence only disprove the notion of the abrahamic , judeo - Christian God , as well as all single earth theology . Science still have not categorically rule out the notion of divinity , even though evolutionary biology suggest the non - existence of a creator by probability alone . 60 . RUTH how could that possibly make I feel any better ? paul Jesus Christ , I be just try to be nice ! graham I think what Paul 's try to say be , just because there be other inhabit planet , it 's not the end of the world . RUTH this be not happen ! you be a hallucination . you be not real . you be a test . a test from God . paul you can not win can you ? RUTH start to pray furiously , speak in tongue , make a awful noise . clive I can not drive like this . we will have to drop she off and take we chance . graham no ! paul oh , for God 's sake . paul walk over to RUTH and place he and across she forehead . he appear to go into a trance . RUTH 's eye roll up into she head . we see a lighten montage of image . the cosmos , the surface of a planet , other like paul , paul 's ship crash into the ground . the image speed up as paul telepathically send he knowledge into RUTH 's mind . they collapse in a heap on the floor . paul spark up a cigarette . graham what do you do to she ?! paul I broaden she horizon . graham can you broaden mine ? paul no , it 's tiring . graham go over to where paul be lie . 61 . graham oh please . paul come here then . paul put he hand on graham 's head . graham 's eye go all fluttery . we do not see the image this time . graham fall . clive oh great ! everyone know the secret of the universe apart from I . he always know what be go on in buffy before I because he mum have cable . paul can not I just tell you ? clive no spoiler ! paul sigh , then with enormous effort , reach up and zap clive who fall to the floor . everyone lay inert . graham ( weakly ) maybe I should make that tea ? ext . rv park - day three black sedan be park in the behe rv park . mose behe ( o.s. ) I do not call the government . I call the po-lice . int . behe residence - day zoil give you description of the intruder , the police feel you call be perhaps better direct to we . mose behe and who be you ? zoil secret service , sir . mose behe I know it . you know that devil take my Ruth . zoil and Ruth 's you daughter ? 62 . mose behe that 's right . her mama die when she be bear . I good as bring she up by myself . be not easy either . two mouth to feed and this place to run . zoil I understand . do you have a photography of Ruth , Mr. behe ? mose retrieve a old cigar box and produce a tatter photograph of Ruth . she appear young , with both eye intact and with dark hair . zoil she 's pretty . mose snort . zoil do you have a phone Mr. behe ? in case she try to contact you . mose behe I do ... zoil nod at haggard who immediately start dialling on he satellite phone , move into a different room . mose behe ... and she will call I if she can . Ruth 's never really be outta carbon County . zoil you say they go East ? mose behe uh-huh . they will have to get off the 191 after flaming gorge if they be not use the interstate , there 's be a rig spill just South of dutch John . zoil so ? mose behe so that mean they will be on the 44 . only way to go . zoil look at o'reilly . zoil let 's go . haggard ! 63. mose behe tell I you be gonna kill that thing , Mr. Zoil . kill it for what it be . zoil we will do we best , Mr. behe . mose behe watch yourself now . I see its eye . it 's evil . zoil , haggard and o'reilly leave . mose watch they . mose behe God 's speed , Mr. Zoil . ext . rv park - day zoil 's radio crackle to life . haggard ( o.s. ) man , that way be one fat freak ! o'reilly ( o.s. ) if I be that girl , I think I would rather take my chance with the alien . haggard and o'reilly hoot with laughter . zoil can it , you two ! how many time do I have to tell you ? int . behe residence - day mose be sit at he kitchen table listen to he police scanner . haggard and o'reilly 's laughter rattles loudly over the radio . zoil ( o.s. ) we do not refer to the target as " '' the alien ' . mose 's expression be mixture of fury and disbelief . he glance at something nearby . pull focus to the shotgun , lie in the foreground on the kitchen table . we hear a engine splutter into life , revving furiously . ext . behe residence - day mose in he pick up truck , scream off in pursuit . 64 . int . rv - day close on paul . he be stare at something in wonder . paul wow . pull out to reveal he sit next to graham and clive , look out through the rv 's windshield . we see they Pov . a breathtaking panorama of natural beauty . they be park up at the summit of a mountain road , look out across the vista . paul there it be , boy . Wyoming . clive be that where we be go ? paul maybe . I gotta tell ya . it 's at time like this you winder if the intelligent design crowd be not onto something . I mean look at it . hey Ruth , get up here . they look round , the door of the rv be open , RUTH be go . paul Ruth !? clive someone should go after she . Graham ? clive look round to see graham go . clive Graham !? ext . highway - day RUTH be storming up the road . graham Ruth ! RUTH leave I alone ! graham Ruth , please stop , I have get shin splint . RUTH stop . graham catch up to she . 65 . graham be you alright ? RUTH he can not be from space . it 's not possible . graham Ruth , you see for yourself . it 's not just possible , it 's probably . there 's probably million of intelligent civilization . RUTH so , where be everybody ? graham well , one of they be right there . RUTH and graham look back at the rv . paul be stand on the dashboard with he bare buttock press against the window . clive be try not to laugh . RUTH everything I have ever be tell be a lie . my purpose . my truth . all false . do you know how that feel ? to suddenly have nothing ? graham just because you truth be not the truth , it do not mean there be no truth , Ruth . RUTH huh ? graham I understand you be probably feel very confuse right now . Religious belief system be devise to give we context and security . to stop we feel lonely and unimportant . RUTH I do feel lonely and unimportant ! how can this all be a accident ? it do not make sense . do you know the reason we have solar eclipse be because the sun be exactly 400 time bigger than the moon and the moon be exactly 400 time closer to the earth ? graham consider say " 'ye ' but decide against it . RUTH how can that be a accident . 66 . graham it be not , it 's a coincidence . or it probably be . that 's the beauty of the universe . RUTH but what 's the point ? if there 's nothing afterwards , what 's the point in live ? graham this be the point , Ruth . right now . this conversation . that tree , you next cheeseburger . life be a miracle . people spend so much time focus on rescue the princess , they forget how much fun it be to fight the dragon . RUTH huh ? graham Carl sagan say " ˜a religion , old or new , that stress the magnificence of the universe as reveal by modern science might be able to draw forth reserve of reverence and awe hardly tapped by the conventional faith . ' RUTH huh ? graham it 's okay not to know , Ruth . it 's wonderful because it mean we still have thing to learn . we still have life to live . RUTH I be frighten . graham so be I , but it pass , sort of . Ruth , we be on a amazing adventure and I think you should come with we . I know you feel confuse and lose but if you get back on board that rv , you might just find the very thing you be look for . RUTH I ... I be not sure . 67 . graham I be sure Ruth . I be sure because I can honestly say , I have never talk to a woman for this long without blush . RUTH that 's so sweet . graham blushes , deep , dark , red . int . rv - day graham and RUTH get back onto the rv . graham look pleased with himself . graham she 's go to be fine . I think you hair look good by the way . you look like Storm . RUTH who 's Storm ? paul from X - men. graham exactly . RUTH go to the bathroom . RUTH ( o.s. ) aaarrrrggghhhhh ! my freakin ' hair ! ext / int . rv - day the rv drive across the rugge countryside . graham , clive , RUTH and paul appear in various combination . graham drive with paul in the chewie seat , clive sleep on the sofa , RUTH can be see sit on the bed at the back . clive drive with graham in the chewie seat . paul just behind , RUTH on the sofa . she be stare at paul . paul turn round , she look away . paul drive , clive sit in the chewie seat , graham and RUTH just behind . the rv weave from side to side . clive small correction ! small correction ! RUTH drive . everyone else be asleep . 68 . ext / int . zoil be car / haggard' car / oxreilly car - day we see zoil 's convoy . zoil drive , he eye intent on the road , search . he reach down out of shot , then bring a taco to hi mouth and take a bit . a truck pass . we see haggard in he car , talk animatedly on he cell phone . the truck pass . we see o'reilly in he car , he be asleep at the wheel . the truck pass , horn blaring . o'reilly wake up suddenly , look rattle . ext . desert highway - day the rv be park up . it be a little speck on a enormous landscape . next to the highway be a sign which read " '' you be now leaving utah . ' underneath this a separate sign read " '' leaving pacific time zone entering mountain time zone . ' paul leap back and forth over the line . paul 11 o'clock , 12 o'clock , 11 o'clock , 12 o'clock , 11 o'clock . come on ! it 's fun . we see clive , graham and RUTH stand in the middle of the road watch paul . RUTH this be the furthest I have ever be . ext . highway - day zoil 's convoy pull into a Arby 's . the three agent leap out of they car and run in . after a short pause mose behe 's pick up truck pass through shout ; " '' onward Christian Soldiers ' blare from the radio . int . rv - night graham drive , clive sit in the chewie seat . paul hang back . RUTH emerge from the bedroom . she have swap she darwin T-shirt for one of graham 's . it 's a x-file T-shirt emblazon with a ufo and the legend , I want to believe . RUTH you do not mind , do you , Graham ? graham it look nice . paul hey , we should stop for something to eat . be you hungry , Ruth ? 69 . RUTH what ? clive I be hungry . paul what 's new , fatty ? clive hey , it 's not fat , it 's power . I happen to be very strong . paul summon a phlegm ball with a grotesque snort and spit it onto the floor of the rv . paul pick that up then . clive so childish . RUTH maybe I should call papa . paul / graham /clive what ?! RUTH look , I have be miss for a whole day . if he 's call the police , they will be look for we and if they find we , this " umazaze adventure ' be go to come to a end real quick . I just need to tell he I be fine and that I will be back soon , okay ? paul offer up a high five to RUTH . paul right up top ! RUTH yelp , terrify that paul be go to zap she again . paul too soon ? clive reach down and pick up paul 's phlegm ball . clive I do it ! ext . bar . parking lot - night graham , clive and RUTH step out of the rv . 70 . clive okay , in and out , yes ? do not talk to anyone unless you have to and try to look inconspicuous . angle on the most conspicuous threesome in America . hoooooooonnnk . clive I wish he would stop do that ! they enter the bar . park nearby , be a black lincoln escalade , shiny , mean , dent . int . bar - night the bar be very busy . scantily clad waitress serve a variety of customer . people play pool , other people dance to a small band . RUTH spy a pay phone at the back . RUTH I will not be long . clive we will order food and wait for you at the bar . RUTH okay . clive be careful . RUTH walk through to the back , past the toilet . as she pass , mose behe step out of the men' , they miss each other by moment . he walk up to the bar , next to graham and clive who be look at a menu . mose order . mose behe tap water . int . bar . pay phone - moment later RUTH dial . she listen nervously . click . operator ( o.s. ) Ruth behe ? RUTH yes ? operator ( o.s. ) please hold , you call be be divert . 71 . RUTH wait , I ... zoil ( o.s. ) Ruth behe ? RUTH yes ? zoil ( o.s. ) agent Zoil , secret service . listen very carefully . you be in great danger . RUTH how do you ...? zoil ( o.s. ) we know who you be travel with Ruth . I need you and you friend to turn yourselves in . RUTH what if we do not want to turn ourselves in ? int . highway . roadside - night zoil talk on a satellite phone . haggard work on a laptop nearby . o'reilly listen in . zoil where be you ? where be you head ? RUTH ( o.s. ) I do not know . zoil look , I know you think you be do the right thing but I promise you , I be only think about you . and Paul . you care about Paul , do not you ? RUTH ( o.s. ) I do not know how I feel about he . he 's weird and also , rude . zoil yes he be . RUTH ( o.s. ) I ask he why he wear short and he say if he do not I would see he big spaceman ball . 72 . int . bar . pay phone - night loud giggle , follow by angry shushing from zoil . RUTH who 's there with you ? zoil ( o.s. ) Ruth , please listen to I . you father be worried about you . we want to get you home . I need you to tell I where you be . RUTH he show I thing . zoil you be not still talk about he ball , be you ? RUTH I ... i just want to know what 's real . I be confuse . I ... I ... RUTH struggle . her expression show great conflict . haggard ( o.s. ) we got her ! zoil ( o.s. ) damnit , haggard ! RUTH panic and slam down the phone . she realize what she may have do and rush back toward the bar , slamm into two man . the meathead , drunk , look down at she , amused . jake hey , slow down there cyclops . RUTH I need to get to my friend . gus why the hurry ? you know I get a friend with one eye who would love to meet you . RUTH I happen to have two eye actually . I just have a severe stigmatism . jake you should get that fix up . reckon you would be kinda pretty in the right light . gus yeah , the dark . 73. RUTH papa say the Lord would fix it . gus the Lord be not gonna fix nothing sweetheart . RUTH no shit . RUTH plant she knee firmly into the groin of gus . he double up knock he friend over . RUTH bolt . int . bar - moment later graham and clive be clutching brown paper bag full of food , RUTH return from the phone . graham how 's you dad ? RUTH we need to leave now . clive we be still wait on a wet fries . the two meathead emerge from the pay phone . angry . jake Holy shit ! it 's the space faggot that dinge the fuck -mobile ! clive look , I be terribly sorry . perhaps we can exchange insurance detail ? jake I be sorry I do not speak " ˜nerd ' . graham and clive look terribly offended . gus this the " ufriend ' you tell we about , baby ? RUTH yes , they be . jake well whaddya know ? small world . RUTH we be just leave . gus I do not think so . 74 . jake grab RUTH . graham push he hard in the chest . graham leave she alone ! jake what do you say ? clive ( timid but resolute ) he say , leave she alone . at this , jake pull he fist back to hit clive , knock a tray of drink all over a table full of man . they immediately spring up and lunge after the meathead who turn they attention to the attack . the fight spread like fire . graham grab RUTH 's hand and follow clive as he scramble through the fraca . as they reach the door RUTH be yank back and come face to face with she father . mose behe RUTH ?! RUTH papa ?! clive Graham ? mose behe I be take you home . RUTH I ... I can not . mose behe do not talk back to I , girl ! RUTH papa I - a chair smashes across mose 's head , knock he out . behind he , bloody and angry be the two meathead . ext . bar . parking lot - night clive , graham and RUTH explode out of the bar and run toward the rv . the meathead crash out after they . RUTH what about papa ?! jake hey , we be not finish with you . 75 . clive Graham , take Ruth into the rv and lock the door . I do not want either of you to see this . clive turn back to the meathead . bang ! clive be strike in the face , he fall , nose bleed . they turn to RUTH and graham , who back up against the rv . the meathead approach ominously . the rv door burst open . paul stand silhouett against the interior light . paul yo fucknut ! the meathead freeze . paul vanish , then reappear a few foot from they , they eye bulge . paul so , who want to get probe first ? the meathead swoon and simultaneously hit the deck . graham ha ! only one of we faint ! paul tell I you get the food ? clive get up and open he coat revealing bag of food . siren wail in distance . RUTH turn white . RUTH it 's they . graham who ? RUTH it be not my fault . they answer the phone . he know all about we . clive who ? who be you talk about ? paul get in the rv ! smash CUT . the rv roar to life , back up at speed into the meathead 's vehicle . mose behe burst out of the bar , just as the rv pass . RUTH see he out of the window . mose lock eye with he daughter . he run to he pick up but realise he do not have he key . the rv tear off into the night , leave mose behe bellow with anger and the lincoln escalade , shiny , mean , fuck . 76 . int . rv - night the rv pull off the road into a secluded lay -by . the gang sit in silence for a while . graham be that you dad , Ruth ? RUTH nod . clive he be so angry . RUTH he 's always angry . graham , clive and paul all exchange look . graham be you alright , Ruth ? RUTH nod , still distant . paul I be feel pretty amp up . anyone wanna take a walk ? clive I be game . graham you want to come for a walk , Ruth ? RUTH thanks , but I think I be go to turn in . it 's be a long day what with meeting you guy , be abduct by and alien and have my whole belief system call into question . paul sorry about that . graham it be amazing though , be not it ? remember when Paul say " '' yo fucknut ' ? that be brilliant . paul you gotta talk the talk , right ? clive what about when I get smack in the nose ? 77 . paul yeah yeah snorlax , you be a real hero . come on . let 's skedaddle . you want anything Ruth ? RUTH no , you go , I will be fine . here clive . RUTH hand clive she handkerchief . it be embroider with the word " '' jesus save '. clive thank you . he mop he nose as they leave the rv . graham linger . graham you can sleep in my bunk if you would like . she smile at he . he go to leave but turn back . graham I would use a pen to push the tissue off the bed . I have have a cold . ext . deserted town - night graham and paul stand outside a liquor store on the main drag of a quiet town . next door be a western theme clothing store . paul look in the window . paul hey Graham . check this out . what d'ya think ? paul indicate to a small cowboy outfit , big enough for a child , display in the window . paul I would look pretty hot , right ? graham Space cowboy . paul Steve Miller Band . I love that song . speak of midnight toker , I get a littler herbal refreshment in my pants . do you guy partake ? graham no . paul shame . I get it from the military . this be the shit that kill Dylan . 78 . graham Bob Dylan 's still alive . paul be he ? clive come out of the liquor store clutching bag of beer . clive let 's party ! ext . wood - night graham , clive and paul have make a camp fire in a woodland clear on the other side of town . they sit round drink beer and chat . paul roll a joint . graham so why " '' Paul ' ? it 's not very , you know , alien . clive be it spelt like , p -'-a- with - l -l or something ? paul no . graham p-o-o-u-r-l ? paul no , it 's Paul . like Paul Newman or the little guy from Simon and garfunkel . clive Paul Simon . paul Paul Simon . Paul 's not my real name . it 's a name I get give . graham what 's you real name ? paul you will not be able to pronounce it . clive I can speak klingon . paul what a geek . clive hey ! 79 . graham come on , what 's you real name . paul open he mouth and screech . paul roooooootttchaaaaaaaaaaa . clive roooooootttttttccchhaaaa. paul that 's pretty good . graham rootchaa ? that sound like Roger . paul fuck you ! clive calm down , rog . more laughter . even paul . he light he joint . graham you look like a poster on a student 's wall . paul that be my gag ! " '' take I to you dealer ' right ? yeah , that be mine . never see a dime . graham you never answer my question . why Paul ? who call you Paul ? paul the little girl who find I when I crash . it be terrible actually . I kill she dog . I do not mean to ! my ship sort of land on it . when the military arrive I be delirious ; I keep say " Paul ? Paul ? " '' it be the only English I know , because I would hear the little girl say it over and over . spook think it be my name . clive she call she dog Paul ? paul least it be not Mr. muggles . graham what happen to the little girl ? 80 . paul who know ? never see she again . think about she everyday though . paul offer the joint round . clive and graham decline . paul take a deep drag . during the follow exchange , graham , clive and paul start to move simultaneously as though govern by some kind of psychic link . clive it 's strange , be not it ? ordinarily in this situation Graham and I would be look up at the star , wonder about life on other planet but we know now , do not we ? it 's a bit of a anti-climax . paul thanks a bunch , hurley . clive I do not mean that in a bad way . they all scratch they nose . graham Paul , can I ask you something ? paul shoot . graham why be you in such a hurry to leave ? paul I have outlive my usefulness . clive how so ? paul there 's only so much knowledge I can share about the universe and quantum theory and how to make a really nice meatball sandwich . the only thing I have to offer they now be my ability . graham so ? paul so the only way they be go to get hold of they be by obtain some of somatic stem cell . 81 . graham so what , do they take a swab from you cheek ? paul negative . clive stool ? paul sadly , not that simple . graham blood ?! oh my god , I hate needle . paul believe I , a needle would be a picnic compare to what they have in store for I . clive I do not follow . paul stem cell be multipotent . graham and clive look blank . paul lineage define ? graham and clive still look blank . paul ( cont 'd ) the camouflage response , the memory transfer , the revivification , they all originate in my cerebellum . in order to cultivate they in a laboratory they would have to ... graham / clive cut you brain out . paul bingo ! fortunately , someone be kind enough to give I the head up , if you will pardon the pun . so , when they be transfer I to the medical facility and I notice the bumper sticker on you rv , I figure you might be sympathetic type . I zap the spook , grab the wheel and take my chance . clive I think the crash be we fault . 82. paul well it be , kinda . graham so , you be say if they catch you ... paul draw he thumb across he neck . graham and clive look at paul in horror . all three scratch they head . paul so tell I , be you guy virgin or what ? graham / clive no . they all cough . paul alright then , clive , when be the last time you get laid . clive comic - con 2005 . ewok chick . paul Three year ago you have sex with a midget ? clive she be a ewok ! sniff . paul there be only two type of person small enough to fit inside a ewok costume . clive she be a midget . paul I can not believe you think bone a space bear sound less embarrassing than a person of short stature . clive I know . I be sorry . paul be it nice ? clive wonderful 83. paul you sly dog ! paul roll onto he back , clap . graham snort into he beer , laugh . clive join in . before long , the three friend be roll around in hysterics , utterly out of control . after about thirty second of this , they pass out . ext . wood - morning the sun have just rise . graham , clive and paul lie round the smolder camp fire sleep soundly . paul be very white . his eye open . he look around . paul oh shit ! hey , wake up . wake up . we fall asleep . clive how do that happen ? paul sorry , I get this thing when I get high . it 's call " ˜projective empathy ' . you feel what I feel . graham like in e.t.? paul exactly . clive oh , thank God . for a second there I think I would get drunk on lite beer . the guy gather they stuff and walk to the edge of the wood . look through the tree line they realize that the quiet town of last night have become very busy indeed . graham oh dear ! paul I can not walk through there . clive how be we go to get back ? Close in on graham have the best idea of he life . ext . town - day graham and clive walk down the busy main street , between they be paul . he be dress in the little cowboy suit from the shop window , he hat pull down low over he face . 84 . graham maybe we should hold hand , so that we look like a family . paul that 's great ! two grow man who look like sex offender hold hand with a child cowboy . clive you could be a midget . paul you be obsessed with midget ! they continue on , try to look as if nothing be strange . graham seem to be work , clive . clive ? graham notice that clive be no longer with they . he look back to see clive , gaw think the window of a comic shop , at a sword resembling the one they see at Comic-Con . the tag read " '' genuine " '' blade ' katana ' . $ 299.99 . graham clive , no . clive walk into the shop . graham and paul follow quickly behind . as they enter the comic shop , mose behe emerge from the adjacent drug store . he take a couple of pain killer and flexe he sore shoulder . he wander up the road , scan the passer by . int . comic shop - day graham approach clive who be at the counter . graham now 's not really the time , sausage . clive I must have it . graham it 's very cheap . be you sure you do not want to save up and get a proper on ? clive oh , come on , we have get time . int / ext . rv - day Close on RUTH 's watch . she pace , worried . knock knock . 85 . RUTH where have you be ? I be worried . she open the door . agent zoil flash he badge . zoil good morning , ma'am . sorry to trouble you . agent Zoil , secret service . you wagon here match the description of a recreational vehicle we be currently look for . May I ask , be you alone ? RUTH pause a second . RUTH yes , I be alone . zoil do you mind take a look at this picture ? zoil pull out three picture and hand they to RUTH . cctv shot of graham and clive at the gas station and mose 's pic of RUTH , look young , with dark hair and no glass . zoil do you recognise any of this people , miss ? she linger on the picture of herself . zoil miss ? RUTH no , sorry I do not . zoil where be you come from , ma'am ? RUTH Christian ministry in Seattle . I have be drive for 5 day . zoil go far ? RUTH Austin . zoil great town . RUTH oh yes . it have a impressive bat population you know ? ( more ) 86 . RUTH ( cont 'd ) folk gather by the rive in the evening to watch they fly out . turn the sky black . quite a sight . zoil be that so ? RUTH uh-huh . well , I really should be get along . zoil of course . thanks for you time , miss ...? beat . RUTH darwin , Charlotte darwin . zoil smile and nod . he lave . int . comic shop - moment later graham and clive be at the counter . clive be try out the blade . paul , in cowboy guise browse the rack of comic . he pick one up . the cover feature a alien that look a lot like he . the comic be call " '' encounter brief : tale from the dreamland ' . paul smile and shake he head . he suddenly realise he be be watch . next to he be a child , ( 8 ) small enough to see under paul 's hat . he be look at the cover of the comic and back at paul . paul how 's it go ? child be that you ? paul no . child it look like you . paul suppose it do . what 's you name ? child keith nash . paul I be Paul . please to meet you . they shake hand . paul you on you own here , keith nash ? 87 . keith nash my Mom 's shopping for some new jeans . she let I wait in here . paul sound like a good mum . keith nash yes and no . what be you do here ? paul my friend 's buy a sword . he 's a grow man . keith nash what a nerd . paul laugh . so do keith nash . paul you a m&amp ; ms man , keith ? paul produce he m&amp ; ms . he offer one to keith . keith nash I be but I should not . paul stranger with candy , right ? keith nash right . paul well , we have get a lot in common . we both like comic and m&amp ; Ms. guess that make we pal . keith nash guess so . keith beam at paul and take a few m&amp ; ms . they turn they attention back to the rack of comic . paul pull one out call " '' G - Men ' . on the cover it show a agent , not unlike zoil , shoot a alien not unlike paul . paul you read this one ? keith nash no . paul it 's a good one . take it . go on . it 's a gift . keith nash thanks Paul . 88. keith stuff it down he trousers . paul laugh . we hear mrs . nash call from the street . keith nash I gotta go . paul catch you later , keith nash . graham and clive approach . clive have a long sword shape box under he arm and a big grin on he face . clive who be that ? paul keith nash . how much be that ? clive $ 299.99 . it 's make of a low grade turkish alloy . paul what do you get , speccy ? graham X - Men action figure . paul Jesus cheeeerist . ext . comic shop - day graham , clive and paul exit the comic shop . paul wave to keith nash , who now sit outside , on a bench , with he mother . the boy walk up the street , second later , haggard and o'reilly step out of a store , eat bag of candy . mrs . nash do not lie , keith . keith nash I be not lie . mrs . nash oh , come on now , keith . if you carry on like this , you will have to come with I to dress barn . keith nash honestly mommy , he be a alien and he name be Paul ! mrs . nash whoever hard of a alien call Paul ? 89 . haggard be suddenly kneel at keith nash 's side . o'reilly stand nearby . haggard what do you say , kid ? mrs . nash Excuse I . who be you ? haggard agent haggard ma'am , secret service . mrs . nash secret service ?! haggard kid ? keith nash he be in the shop . haggard be he still in there ? keith shake he head . o'reilly do he say where he be go ? keith look at he comic . the zoil style agent , shoot the paul style alien . he look back at haggard and point he in the entirely wrong direction . haggard South . toward New Mexico , huh ? keith nod . haggard stand , he mind racing . he look meaningfully at o'reilly not notice the rv rumbling up the street behind he with clive at the wheel . o'reilly we have get he man ! we be go to get a fuck promotion . haggard you do good kid . want a candy ? keith nash no thanks . haggard let 's go . the two agent rush off . o'reilly what about Zoil ? 90 . haggard screw Zoil ! ext . wood - day mose behe kick at the remain of the campfire . he bend down and pick something up . it be Ruth 's handkerchief , now stain with dirt and blood . he screw it into he shaking hand . a engine roar . he look up to see the rv rumbling up the road . it turn onto the eastbound highway . mose ' pick up be park about 200 yard away . mose start to lumber towards it as fast as he can , which be not very fast . ext . STREET - day haggard and o'reilly sprint up to they vehicle . zoil ( o.s. ) where the hell do you think you be go ? haggard can not hide he frustration . haggard we pick up a lead , sir . Little kid in the town say he see a alien . Said he be head toward New Mexico . zoil and you be just gonna take off ? haggard think it best to take the initiative , sir . we be go to radio you . zoil well now , that 's mighty civil of you . we have a chain of command . I expect you to abide by it . where d' you say he be head ? haggard New Mexico sir . zoil well , then let 's move it . they scramble . zoil oh , and haggard ? do not go get idea about you station again . zoil get into he car leave haggard look piss . 91 . int . moses' pick up - day mose drive , Ruth 's bloody handkerchief grip between he hand and the wheel . he listen to he police scanner . voice ( o.s. ) Zoil , what the hell 's go on ? zoil ( o.s. ) they have double back sir . they be head toward New Mexico . voice ( o.s. ) you better be right about this , Zoil . I be get a little tired of this shit . I want that little fucker 's brain in a jar by sundown . mose smile darkly . mose behe look like you be go the wrong way , agent Zoil . that 's what happen when you do not get the Lord on you side . ext . highway - day mose behe 's pick up roar through shot , revealing a large roadside sign proclaim lucifer' CUT price firework warehouse . creep in on the sign . int . rv - daybreak the rv be park outside the firework warehouse . RUTH and paul sit opposite each other at the dining table . RUTH be hold the X - Men action figure , Storm . paul watch she . paul he like you , y'know ? RUTH Graham ? d' you think ? paul what be you , blind ? beat . paul ( cont 'd ) sorry . beat . paul what you get there , a stigmatism ? 92 . RUTH nod . paul you know you can get on operation for that , right ? RUTH papa say the Lord would fix it . guess that 's not gonna happen , see as we be live in a gigantic godless universe , with no hope of salvation . paul hey , I do not know categorically that it 's godless . I just say " ˜probably ' . RUTH oh , that 's a relief . paul look , the way you be feel now , that 's why religion appear in the first place . it 's like existential prozac . imagine be five year sell and have no adult around to tell you why it snow or what tree be for . that 's how it be for much of humanity . faith be a night - light . it illuminate the scary corner , fill the gap , make the universe easier to comprehend . thing be , it 's okay not to know everything . I mean , who know what 's really out there ? do you know astrophysicist recently identify the equation for the creation of matter ? RUTH yes . paul oh. well , then you get it , right ? if they have the theory , who 's to say at some point in the future they will not put it into practice and who 's to say someone else do not do that 13.5 billion year ago and that 's how the universe come to be ? course , then we get the eternal problem of who create the creator but that 's a whole other car park . I think Shakespeare say it best . " there 's more in Heaven and earth than be dreamt of in you philosophy Horatio " .. 93. RUTH what do you call I ? paul Horatio . it 's from hamlet . you know , the Prince of Denmark ? RUTH Denmark have a municipal population of 508,691 . paul blink . paul anyway , if there be a God , do not he create doctor and hospital and scalpel and shit , so he would not have to go round fix people 's lazy eyeball ? RUTH I suppose so . paul the eye be a delicate and complex thing , Ruth . you should get it take care of . RUTH smile . paul smile back . RUTH look out of the window , just as paul reach out to touch she face . RUTH they be back . paul withdraw he hand . graham and clive be approach the rv clutching a large firework . they climb aboard . paul perfect . clive what be you go to do with this ? paul phone home . int . zoil be car - day voice zoil ! zoil jump but gather he composure quickly . zoil yes , sir ? 94 . voice Satellite 's come up with a data analysis on all the traffic come out of prospect in the last 5 hour . there be only one rv , and guess what , nimrod ? zoil it be not go to New Mexico ? voice that 's a three pointer agent Zoil . you better spin you ass around . you get some serious catch up to do . do not make I come out there . zoil no , sir . where be they head ? if we gun it , maybe we can get the drop on they destination . voice they be on the 50 , head towards gillette . zoil what else be around there ? voice not much . Thunder basis , bethlehem Creek . zoil bethlehem Creek ? voice Holy shit ! ext . highway - day zoil 's motorcade pull a spectacular u-turn and head back up the highway in the opposite direction . int . moses' pick up - daybreak mose listen intently to he scanner . voice ( o.s. ) you do not think she 's sill there , do you ? mose smile . 95 . ext . highway - day mose behe 's pick - up truck pull a similarly spectacular turn and head in a different direction . ext . farmhouse - evening caption : bethlehem Creek , Wyoming graham , clive , RUTH and paul stare through the window of the rv at the farmhouse glimpse in the first scene . graham you do not think she 's still there do you ? paul that 's what you be go to find out for I . clive we ? paul I can not just knock can I ? what if she 's move on and someone else answer ? I be sick of people fainting on I . I will hang back with my buddy Ruth , you two make first contact . just enjoy it . clive what shall we say if it 's she ? we be here with the alien that kill you dog sixty year ago ? paul yes . hurry up , there 's go to be a really big storm in exactly 34 minute . RUTH how do you know ? paul it 's my job to know . ext . tara' farmhouse - day graham knock on the door . graham hello ? clive knock again . 96 . voice ( o.s. ) who 's there ? clive tara Walton ? voice ( o.s. ) leave I alone ! graham okay . graham go to leave . clive stop he . clive miss Walton , I be the writer , clive golling and this be my friend and colleague , Graham willy . we be from England and we be here with the alien that kill you dog 60 year ago . silence . the sound of multiple lock . the door open to reveal a woman ( 68 ) . grey , dishevel but with fire in she eye . she scowl at graham and clive . tara what be this , some kind of joke ? clive it 's no joke . paul materialize between graham and clive . paul hello tara . tara 's face sicken . she fall backwards into the house . paul aw nut . int . tara' farmhouse . front room - day graham , clive , RUTH and paul all sit on a sofa . tara sit opposite , stare at paul . RUTH maybe I should make some tea . tara where be my manners ? I never really have guest . nobody come up here . I go whole week without see a soul . 97 . tara go to the kitchen . she can be see from where they be sit . she turn the gas on and strike a cooking match . paul look pain , struggle for something to say . paul can I do anything to help ? tara stand in the kitchen doorway , the light match in she hand . paul stand and walk toward she , she watch he . tara I have only just stop believe in you , y'know ? spend a very long time try to convince folk about what happen that night . my parent , my friend . everyone think I be mad . they tell I it be a meteor that squash little Paul . take I away and do test they do , say it be for cosmic radiation . they say I be concuss , hallucinate , but I know you be real . I pull you from that spaceship myself . Sat with you till the man come and take you away . if pop have not have to go to casper , he would have see you too . they keep tell I I would imagine it but I know different . pop try to understand but they fill he head with " udelay this ' and " ˜post - traumatic that ' . he just use to smile and say " ˜there , there tara ' . he get sick when I be seventeen and die a few year later . I inherite this place . Word get out about my story not long after it happen , so I do not really have any friend . kid use to throw stone at the house and call I name . I just kinda retreat into myself . I would spend whole night up on the roof , stare at the sky , hope to catch a glimpse of you again . I always believe that one day you " ˜d come back and here you be . the match flame reach she finger , she shake it out . tara listen to I gab . milk and sugar ? paul I be so sorry . tara what for ? 98 . paul for kill you dog and ruin you life . tara that do not matter . do not you see ? you be real . I be right and all that folk that say I be crazy ? well , they can all go fuck themselves . paul it 's good to see you , tara . the tinkle of glass . something hit the floor . a tear gas canister spin at they foot , spew thick fog . tara now , where do you suppose that come from ? paul fuck a duck ! get out ! graham / clive shit ! paul tara , where 's the back door ? tara in back . the gang bustle out of the room just as the front door splinter inward , revealing o'reilly in a gas mask . int . tara' farmhouse . back room - day the gang quickly barricade the door of the next room and continue on toward the back of the house . they find the back door , just as it be open by zoil . the gang freeze . paul vanish , then reappear right next to zoil , put he hand across zoil 's forehead . zoil Paul , wait - a burst of psychic image explode into zoil 's head . the agent and the alien fall on the ground in a exhaust heap . paul clive ? clive yes ? paul a little help ? 99 . clive pick paul up . haggard approach , gun draw . haggard freeze , space monkey ! graham we be cut off . tara Storm cellar ! tara open a nearby door and motion they down some stair , as haggard fire wildly . crockery explode around they . zoil godammit haggard ! int . tara' farmhouse . cellar - day the gang descend into a dim room . it be full of ufo paraphernalia . model , toy , book , souvenir from every ufo hot spot in the land . one the wall be the " '' take I to you Dealer ' poster . paul see it . paul not a fuck cent . int . tara' farmhouse . back room - day zoil come to . he see haggard at the cellar door . screech brake draw he attention as mose behe 's truck skid up . he get out , shotgun in hand . zoil oh great ! ext . tara' farmhouse - day team paul climb out of the cellar and start to run towards the rv , paul still in clive 's arm . it start to rain . paul come on ! graham ow , my shin ! int . tara' farmhouse . back room - day zoil see mose run round to the front of the farmhouse . zoil help I up ! 100 . int . tara' farmhouse . front room - day o'reilly see team paul run toward the rv from the front room . he level he pistol at paul and squint . ext . tara' farmhouse - day team paul reach the rv and start to board , just as mose behe lumber into view . mose behe RUTH ! RUTH papa ? paul grab RUTH 's hand . paul come on . mose behe ( levelling he shotgun ) take you hand off she , devil ! int . tara' farmhouse . front room - day o'reilly find he mark . pull back to reveal he be stand by the kitchen door , through which we see the cooker , the simmer of gas in the air . o'reilly ready or not . he fire . ka -boom !!! o'reilly be vaporize in a ball of orange fire . ext . tara' farmhouse - day the farmhouse explode . zoil and haggard who be only just clear , hit the deck , cover they head . mose be knock off he foot as flame wood and debris rain down . int . rv - day clive I will drive ! graham punch it ! 101 . the rv roar into life , reversing out onto the road . clive pull a spectacular u-turn , send the passenger fly . graham land in tara 's arm , RUTH in paul 's . RUTH and graham exchange glance . Dumb luck . tara straighten herself and look out of the rv at she destroy home . tara my weed ! ext . tara' farmhouse - day zoil be blacken and daze , drape over haggard 's shoulder . his eye focus on a figure in the near distance . mose behe pick himself up and lumber off towards he truck . haggard drop zoil and run to he car . zoil damnit haggard , wait ! haggard take off . zoil stagger to he car and with great difficulty , take off in pursuit , narrowly avoid mose behe 's truck . lighten flash . loud thunder . int . rv - day clive floor it . rain lash down . the sky be almost black . graham you dad 's persistent , be not he ? RUTH you have no idea . clive see they pursuer in he wing mirror . clive I think we have a problem . graham what do we do ? paul go leave . clive what ? paul go left ! clive haul the wheel leave . the rv leave the road and bounce across the scrub . team paul hang on for dear life . 102 . ext . desert road - day haggard , zoil and mose follow the rv across the scrub . int . zoil be car - evening zoil ( to himself ) what the hell be he do ?! voice ( o.s. ) Zoil . progress report ! zoil Sir , I - int . haggard be car - evening haggard in pursuit , sir . voice who the hell be this ? haggard haggard , sir . agent Zoil have be compromise . I be assume command . zoil ( o.s. ) now wait a goddamn minute ! voice I do not give a shit who 's in command . where ' my fuck mooncoon ?! haggard just ahead of I sir . we be head East across scrubland just North of Mitchell Creek . voice I do not wanna hear from either of you joker until that little mother fucker be under glass . haggard yes sir ! haggard floor it . he be manic and wild eye . 103 . ext . desert road - day we see the chase from above , the rv be in the lead , gain behind they , be haggard , follow by zoil , then mose . haggard draw level . he look up into clive 's eye . int . rv - day clive they be try to overtake . paul do not let he get past . clive shall I ram he ? RUTH / tara / graham/ paul yes ! clive wrench the wheel hard to the leave . ext . scrub - evening the rv nudge the black sedan which spin out of control and skid to a stop , zoil and mose scream past . haggard turn the engine over . nothing . he yell . lighten explode overhead , hail ping and bounce off the hood . int . rv - evening clive what be we do exactly ? paul ( to himself ) immense pressure and temperature drop . High wind , circulate in the troposphere , two oppose front clash . oh , this be go to be a good one . clive a good what ?! RUTH stare out of the window . RUTH oh my God . 104 . ext . scrub - evening a massive black funnel extend from the sky about half a mile ahead of the chase . it rake the ground , reduce a small farm building to a million splinter . int . moses' pick up - evening mose behe holy - int . zoil be car - day zoil be sit mouth agape . zoil - shit ! int . rv - evening clive swerve to avoid a grain silo , which come bounce across the ground toward they . clive be you sure you know what you be do ?! paul twenty second . tara Paul , we will get suck right up . paul stay on target . a branch smack on the windshield , crack it . clive Paul ! paul stay on target . ext . scrub - evening the grain silo bounce close to zoil 's car , he swerve to avoid it and stop . mose pull up just ahead . mose and zoil get out of the vehicle , almost unable to stand against the wind and debris . they watch the rv , now a good distance in front , head for the heart of the tornado . 105 . zoil he 's insane ! mose behe RUTH ! haggard 's car scream past . zoil grab he radio . zoil haggard , stand down . stand down ! haggard ( o.s. ) he 's mine . I can do this ! zoil haggard , it 's suicide . ext . scrub - evening clive paul ? paul now ! the funnel suddenly evaporate into the sky , leave the path ahead clear and oddly calm . graham it 's go ! clive where do it go ? ext . scrub - evening zoil watch amaze . he almost smile . zoil Son of a bitch ! zoil look at the sky . his face drop . zoil haggard . wait a minute ! a engine revs nearby . zoil turn to see mose behe pull off in pursuit . zoil mr. behe ! ( into be radio ) damnit , hang back , hang back ! 106 . haggard ( o.s. ) you be not run this show any more Zoil . you have you chance . zoil haggard , he know what he 's do . haggard ( o.s. ) so do i. zoil it 's a trap ! int . rv - evening clive they be still come ! RUTH what be we do to do ? paul Ruth , why do not you count back from 10 ? RUTH okay . 10 ...9 ... paul back where I be from , tornado be part of we daily life . we have learn how to live with they , how to understand they . clive they be gain ! paul we have learn to anticipate they behavior , know they personality , know when they be play game . RUTH 3 ... graham what game ? RUTH 2 ... paul hide and seek ? RUTH 1 ... 107 . clive look into he wing mirror , just as the tornado snake down out of the sky between they and haggard . clive great caesar 's ghost ! RUTH how do you do that ? how do you know ? paul evolution baby . ext . scrub - evening the tornado touch down hear haggard 's car . he barely have time to scream before he be lift into the vortex . int . moses' pick up - evening a wide eye mose yank hard on the wheel , spin the truck round , head back in the opposite direction . ext . scrub - evening mose 's truck hurtle past zoil 's car . mose behe ( o.s. ) oh Jesus ! oh Jesus ! oh Jesus ! zoil look back toward the no unreachable rv . int . rv - day clive we have lose they . team paul erupt into cheer . paul jump in the air and whoops . he high five graham and pat clive on the back . graham embrace RUTH and try to kiss she , she pull away . graham sorry . RUTH wait , what about papa ? clive I only see one car follow we . paul where 's tara ? tara come out of the toilet . 108 . tara the bulb 's go in there . graham that be just awesome . amazing drive clive . it be like g.t.a. but potentially fatal . be not it , clive ? clive ? a knock and a gurgle sound be come from the engine . clive oh no . ext . SMALL road - evening the rv splutter to a halt . steam rise from the radiator . it whine , cough and die . cut to team paul stand around surveying they fall companion . a single bullet hold in the grill , reveal the cause of she downfall . graham there go the deposit . clive fare thee well friend . you be a faithful and mighty steed . tara she ride that storm with a bullet in she heart and do not stop until we we be safe . RUTH if there be a benevolent creator watch over everything then may he , she or it bless the 1985 holiday rambler , Imperial . everyone look to paul for he comment but he be not there . graham Paul ? paul ( o.s. ) we be here . paul be stand away from the rv at the foot of a small hill . he start to climb . the other follow . crane up as team paul climb the hill to reveal a sight familiar to anyone who have see Close encounter of the third kind ... devil 's tower graham / clive of course ! 109 . int . zoil be car - evening zoil drive . scan the landscape . search . voice Zoil ! what the hell be go on ? zoil we get hit by a twister , sir . haggard 's dead . voice what about the other one ? zoil I lose he when the ranch explode . voice Jesus Christ , Zoil , this have be one fuck up after another . I should have handle it myself . I want that little bastard dead by midnight tonight or you will be work security in a convention centre . now where 's that rv ? zoil 's eye widen . park on the roadside be the rv . voice Zoil ? zoil ? zoil be stare at devil' tower . ext . devil be tower - day team paul hike towards the tower . RUTH what you may not know be on the outside of the tower they bolt a series of ladder , all the way to the top , put there by William Rogers in 1893 . he be the first man to climb the tower . tara I climb up there in 1976 . think it would make a good site for some ufo spot . turn out I be not the only one . paul we call they ifos . tara cute . 110 . paul i- thank-you . ext . SMALL road - dusk zoil open the trunk of he car . he pull out a large piston , spare ammo and a webbing pack which he sling around he shoulder . he set off up the hill . ext . devil' tower . clearing - night team paul be walk round the tower . as they round the corner the landscape change , the tree give way to a piece of open pasture flanke by pine forest , the tower open itself up slightly , a perfect natural amphitheatre . paul this be it . paul take out the firework , Zippo and cigarettes from he back pack . he light he last cigarette and take a drag . paul I will miss this . paul take the firework a little way off and stick it in the ground . he crouch down and light the touch paper with the cigarette , then scamper back to the gang . beat . the firework rise into the sky . it explode . the star-burst be massive and bright red , it illuminate the tower . tara pretty . graham what now ? paul we wait . a light appear in the sky some way off . paul ( cont 'd ) ( frowning ) that be quick . ext . devil' tower . forest - night zoil run through the bush , fast , like a wild animal . his face fix with serious intent , gun in one hand , torch in the other . 111 . ext . devil' tower . clearing - night team paul watch as the ethereal light draw nearer . spotlight cut through the night , search beneath . ext . devil' tower . forest - night zoil leap a fall tree . ahead , through the tree , he see a ethereal glow . he pull the slide back on he pistol . ext . devil' tower . clearing - night the light be really close now . they be accompany by a deep rumble . a very earthly sound . rotor blade . paul wait a minute ... a helicopter swoops in to land , kick dust and debris into the air . team paul turn back to the wood but be stop by the sight of a torch get nearer . paul ( cont 'd ) oh shit . behind they , the helicopter power down . the door open . voice well , whaddya know ? small world . voice appear flanke by two faceless , heavily armed soldier . they level they weapon , just as zoil burst through the tree behind they . zoil paul ! paul Lorenzo ?! paul spin round . we go into slow motion . zoil fire . the bullet explode from the gun , straight at we . angle on the bullet as it pass in ecu . the shot move round behind the bullet to reveal paul , look shocked . the bullet whizze past he , slamm into one of the soldier . zoil roll , come to rest on one knee . he fire a second shot into the leg of the other soldier who collapse . he leave he gun at voice just as the pilot burst from the cockpit . the pilot fire but miss zoil . zoil take out he shoulder , spin he off he foot . voice step forward , hold a smoking gun . voice it be you ! you tell he . I should have know . ( more ) 112 . voice ( cont 'd ) you have never make a mistake in you life . that 's why I put you in charge of this fuck mission . zoil he 's my friend ! I have know he for twenty year . he introduce I to my wife damnit ! voice you stupid son of a bitch . in five year , you could have be where I be . zoil I do not want to be where you be . voice too bad , see as I be the one hold 'og all the card and when I say " card " '' , I of course mean big fuck gun . voice point he gun at paul . paul how would you find I ? voice it be pretty easy once we get a fix on the geek -mobile . be not hard to figure out where you be head . you always do have a flare for the dramatic . paul nod , a sad smile creep across he mouth . voice let 's go . tara stand in front of paul , then RUTH , then graham then clive , who summon every ounce of bravery in he body . clive he 's not go anywhere . voice be honest with yourself , two scoops . what be it that you think you can possibly bring to the table at this stage in the game ? clive reach beyond he back and produce he katana sword , he hold it like a proud samurai . clive blind fury . the blade fall off . 113. clive bloody low grade turkish alloy . voice step aside , you fat nerd . clive ( in klingon ) Graham , he this man . clive step aside . graham slam he fist into the face of the unsuspecting voice . he stagger back but rally quickly , block graham 's second blow and deliver a heavy rebuke . RUTH leap onto voice 's back and start pummel he head . RUTH leave he alone ! voice hit out at RUTH . graham renew he attack . graham leave she alone ! voice throw they off and come face to face with tara . tara leave they alone . wham ! she whacks voice across the face with a large stick . tara you be not take he away again . he stagger backwards and fall to the ground , unconscious . paul thank you , tara . tara do not mention it . paul rush to zoil who lie on the ground , wounded . zoil the thing I do for you , huh ? paul you know I appreciate it . zoil do you have any idea how difficult it be to catch you guy ? paul ( laugh ) let I take a look at that . Ruth , shine the torch down here ? RUTH grab a torch and step in behind paul . 114 . blam ! RUTH lurch forward , suddenly limp . everyone turn to see mose behe , shotgun smoking in he and . his face white , he eye wide . mose behe oh Lord , Ruth . my little Ruth . graham noooooooooo ! graham gather RUTH up in he arm . she cough , fleck of blood around she mouth . mose behe I ... I never mean to shoot she . I be aim for the goblin . clive he 's not a goblin he 's from another planet . mose behe but he can not be . he ... he ... graham he 's a alien you stupid man ! oh Ruth , Ruth I be sorry , I be so sorry . I should have never persuade you to come with we . RUTH focus on graham . she smile , weakly . RUTH what , and miss all this ? Graham , I have live more in the last 48 hour that I ever do in that trailer park . be not that what you say live be all about ? right now ? this conversation ? that tree ? my next cheeseburger ? I be not afraid anymore Graham . I be cold though . hey , where be everybody ? RUTH shudder and die . tara and zoil look aghast . graham bury he head in RUTH 's hair . clive , he eye be fill with tear , put he and on graham 's shoulder . mose behe what have I do ? I be sorry . I be so sorry . a shadow be cast across RUTH . everyone look up to see paul , silhouett against the moon . his eye glint . paul there be no way this thing be not gonna end happy . 115 . paul drop to he knee and place he hand on RUTH 's chest . mose drop he shotgun and lumber over , distraught . mose behe get away from she ! do not you touch my little girl . clive hold out a hand to stop mose . he obey . the air hum , charge with static . paul 's skin ripple with color . everyone watch transfix . RUTH 's eye flicker and open . with some difficulty , she sit up and take off she glass . she blink both shine , healthy eye . graham Ruth , be you okay ? RUTH I think so . be anyone hungry ? I really feel like a cheese burger . relief and joy spread through group . mose fall to he knee and sob . he feel a hand on he shoulder and look up to see paul . mose behe thank you . RUTH and graham hug . she smile at he . RUTH you can kiss I now . they kiss with awkward passion . everyone smile then after a bit become uncomfortable and a bit gross out . paul look like the geek shall inherit the earth . click click . the group turn to see voice , upright , point he gun . voice I would not say - splat . a large spaceship land hard on top of voice . everyone look shocked . paul , graham and clive exchange a look . paul happens to the best of we . ext . devil' tower . clearing - night some time have pass , a number of paul style alien be now present . 116 . one of they use a big hose to clean the remain of voice from the hull of the ship . another two help the now heal soldier to they foot , patting they on the back and shaking they hand . the atmosphere be amiable . team paul look at one another . zoil and mose have join they . paul kiss and hug RUTH . paul I be sorry I frighten you so much you hair turn white . RUTH you do not frighten I . you freed I . you help I see the light . paul ( to mose ) take care of she big man . mose behe I will sir . God be with you . paul whatever dude . they high five . paul turn to zoil , whose arm be in a makeshift sling and shake he hand . paul ( cont 'd ) Lorenzo Zoil , you be a good man . say bye to Karen for I . zoil safe trip short round . paul turn to graham and clive . he pull jelva - alien queen of the varvak from he pocket and hand it to they . clive you can keep it . paul cool. okay . graham what do you think ? paul yeah . Three tit , awesome . although you know what ? sometimes , less be more . the boy nod . paul ( cont 'd ) thank you . graham no , thank you . 117 . clive you be , and always will be , we friend . paul come here you fuck geek . they hug . he take in incandescent orb from he pocket . paul ( cont 'd ) this be a self - sustain light orb . might come in handy , you know , if a bulb go . tara be wait for she goodbye but paul ignore she . he face drop as he walk to he ship . he turn to she . paul ( cont 'd ) you come ? tara what ? paul I ruin you life tara . think I owe you a new one . tara take paul 's hand . tara I do not have my toothbrush . paul baby , where we be go , you will not need tooth . tara frown then follow paul aboard . paul and tara stand in the doorway . one of the other alien come out of a small room behind they , speak in a strange tongue . subtitle : the bulb gone in there . as the door slowly close , graham and clive give paul the ce3 k salute . paul give they the finger . the boy laugh , tear in they eye . the ship lift off into the sky . graham , clive , RUTH , mose and zoil watch they go . the light form the ship gradually fade , leave they in darkness . pause . graham that be good , be not it ? int . convention centre . signing pavillion - day we be at comic - con the follow year . we come to rest on a long line of people . Sat behind a table be graham and clive . they look more confident , cooler . clive be talk to a short woman in a ewok costume . he pat she on the ass as she walk away . all around they be stack of they new novel : paul . 118. a banner hang behind , display the cover , graham 's own rendering of they alien friend . they sign copy . the publicist mill around , look very pleased . publicist just one item per person please . he wink at the boy . RUTH rush up to graham , she be dress as Storm from X - Men and push a customize buggy , in which sit a baby dress as Professor X . RUTH hey . graham hey babe . you okay ? RUTH I be just take tara over to the autograph pavilion . Michael biehn 's here ! clive oh , say hi from we , will not you ? RUTH kiss graham . two nerd approach . major nerd 1 uh ... be you ... do you ? graham / clive there you go . security man ( o.s. ) next in line please . major nerd 2 uh ... be you ... do you ? graham / clive there you go . security man guy , if you have have you book sign please move on . tilt up to reveal the security man . it be none other than former special agent lorenzo zoil . crane up to reveal the whole convention floor . the end