pawn sacrifice screenplay by Steven knight Story by Stephen J rivele & Christopher wilkinson and Steven knight over black : " chess hold its master in its bond , shackle the mind such that the inner freedom of the very strongest must suffer . " - albert einstein ext . granite country house - iceland - dawn in the grey dawn , a formidable house in the icelandic wilderness . a single light burn in a upper window . caption : reykjavik , Iceland 4:15 be . July 20th , 1972 in the distance , a police car approach , light flash . int . granite country house - iceland close on a hand grip the padded arm of a armchair . the index finger of the hand be picking at a thread . the hand belong to a intense young man with black hair sweep back . he sit motionless , peer at a chess game which be a few move old . the man be bobby fischer . a single fly begin to buzz against the window . Bobby eye the fly . the movement of he eye be immense . murderous . the thread he have be pick at suddenly tear with a thunderous ripping SOUND . the fly be try to get out the window . bobby's perception the buz of the fly be a howling hurricane from hell . back to a objective view of the room silence . Bobby stalk the fly -- crushing it with a coffee cup . he sit back down in a business - like way and stare at the board again , he fingernail beginning to work another thread . headlight sweep the room and we hear a car door slam . Bobby 's face betray no reaction -- but he whole hand claw the arm of the chair like a animal in a trap . at the SOUND of someone run upstairs , he glance from the chessboard to the door , as a knock come on the door : a7 b7 pink revision 10-01 - 13 2 . bobby's perception 5 someone be pounding on the door -- it sound like the gestapo in a old war movie . back to a objective view 6 the knock on the door be polite . Bobby grip the armchair , can not stand the noise that only he can hear -- and he get to he foot , upending a lamp . another knock . Bobby pinballs around like the fly try to escape -- break shutter as he try to close they , trip over a table . another knock , even louder . then , just as suddenly , he eye focus on the chess board . a new light come into he eye as he stare at it -- and he breathe begin to slow . all SOUND begins to fade a7 as he move toward the board -- he finger reach out -- in ultra slo - mo -- to make ...a... single ... move . back to the scene b7 Bobby close he eye . content . he have solve the puzzle . caption : this be the true story of Bobby Fischer . the door open . a guy stand there -- mid - 40' , pugnacious . this be marshall . he stare at the debris of the room . and at Bobby , who appear perfectly calm . bobby there be a fly . it 's dead now . a huge agenda between the two man . Marshall compose himself . marshall ( quote ) " never before in human history have the outcome of a entire global war of idea rest on the shoulder of one man . " the slight smile begin to form on Bobby 's lip . pink revision 10-01-13 3 . marshall ( cont 'd ) I be quote the President of the United States . he be talk about you . tome . the President of the United States talk to I . he call three time . Three . Marshall lift the receiver , place a phone back on the hook . marshall ( cont 'd ) he 's be try to reach you . Bobby refuse to be intimidate . if anything , he smile widen . Marshall rights a upturn chair . marshall ( cont 'd ) in Moscow , brezhnev open he only bottle of 1868 Louis roederer . Left over from the revolution . you know why ? ( hammer it home ) because . he. Heard . you quit . Bobby walk to the window , look out at the half - light . marshall ( cont 'd ) there be boy you age in Vietnam give they life right now in the fight against communism . and all you have to do be win a game of chess . ( plaintively ) ... say something . Bobby , please ... Bobby ? Bobby do not answer . instead , he stare out into the night , and we hear another voice . joan ( v.o. ) .. Bobby ? omit in the fischer apartment - night - brooklyn Bobby , age 8 , stand look out another window . it be 1952 . joan , Bobby 's sister , 14 , come up beside he . joan Bobby , it 's bedtime . yellow revision 10-11-13 4. bobby that man 's out there . Joan look out . a sedan be park under a streetlight . a lit match briefly illuminate a man' face as he light a cigarette . be that a telephoto lens in he hand ? she subtly turn he away from the window . joan have you eat anything ? there 's actually food in the house . go. Bobby head back into a party in full swing . the apartment be pack with boho 's , Eastern european emigre , NY intellectual . a banner read , " Brooklyn - bed sty american Communist Party party ! coltrane wail on the record player . bobby be invisible in this adult world adult loom above he , laugh . a mix couple make out , open-mouthed . a man smoking reefer smile beatifically . he pause to scribble chess notation in he little notebook . party guest # 1 half the witness they call be Communists , the other half be Jews ! party guest # 3 if you be both , do you testify twice ? party guest # 1 you can make joke , Mr. liberal -- you entire family be not gass in the camp , alava 'shalom . Regina , meanwhile , be in the middle of of a intense conversation with a balding man . they whisper harshly . regina we agree he would not know who you be --! balding man Fine . but that do not mean ---- yellow revision 10- 11-13 5 . regina -- so I do not see the point ! balding man the point be --- Christ , just let I talk to he , then I will go ... in the dirty kitchen Bobby be make a sandwich . the balding man approach . balding man howdy doody , Bobby ... bobby hullo . balding man remember I ...? bobby sort of . balding man I be you uncle Paul . from Denver . how 's school ? bobby okay . balding man study hard ? bobby I guess . balding man ever hear of physics ? bobby no. balding man but you be good in math ? bobby I guess . the man stare at he -- there 's something pregnant and unspoken in he regard -- but also somehow thwart . balding man I hear you like chess . 10 yellow revision 10-11-13 6 . bobby yeah . he look around , take a five dollar bill from he pocket . balding man here . buy a new set . just do not tell you mother where it come from ... Bobby 's eye widen as he stare at the bill . the man reach out to hug he , but Bobby shrink away . uncle Paul frown , settles for patting Bobby on the head and then walk away . in the live room 10 a heat discussion of Zionism , the rosenbergs . Bobby wander past , look out the window . the dark sedan be still there . Regina be nearby , deep in conversation -- in russian . bobby mama - — regina not now , honey . bobby I have to talk to you . regina honey , it 's past you bedtime . bobby that car 's down there again . Regina 's antennae go up . regina what car ? bobby you tell I to tell you ... a red , 1951 chevy , NY license plate hi62579 . Regina apologize to she friend in Russian , kneel down . yellow revision 10-11-13 7 . regina honey , it 's okay -- bobby but you tell I -- regina Bobby , you remember what I say about not let they intimidate we ? yes , they watch we -- because we represent something very threaten to they , to the status quo . you remember what that be ? bobby ( by rote ) Revolution . regina yes ! and sometimes this bad people want to know about we work so they spy on we . so if someone come up to you on the street and ask you question about I , or mommy 's friend , what do you say ? bobby ( by rote ) i_have nothing to say to you . regina that 's my big boy . ( to Joan ) joanie , he 's get mustard on he shirt . he have to wear that to school tomorrow . soak it for I ? joan Love to . she take Bobby 's hand and lead he away . joan ( cont 'd ) bedtime for bonzo . she tickle as she lead he toward the bedroom 11 pink revision 10-01-13 int . bobby's bedroom - later Bobby lie in bed , wide awake . we hear the noise of the party outside -- loud conversation , boisterous laughter . 7a . 11 12 13 yellow revision 10 - 11 - 13 8 . Bobby stare at the window -- be the man still out there ? we feel he anxiety building as he listen intently to the sound of the shade slapping against the window sill . suddenly , he sit up , open a drawer . he work fast -- like someone break the rule -- light a candle -- roll the wax into ball and stuff they into he ear . the laughter outside be mute . Bobby stuff a ball into he other ear . with both ear block -- a sudden and wonderful silence ! Bobby carry the candle to a chessboard . in absolute silence he stare at the chessboard . in he hand be the notebook . close on Bobby 's face , candlelit , a study in intensity . as Bobby stare at the chessboard , everything else in the room literally begin to disappear . the bed , the crummy dresser -- until all that be leave be a boy and a chessboard . the chessboard 12 piece move on they own . multiple exposure . a move yield hundred of option . the counter offer thousand more . close on Bobby 's face . ethereal Music . bliss . then ... the door to he bedroom be flung OPEN 13 Light flood in . harsh sound . the spell be break . the two open-mouthed kisser be look for a place to fuck . kissing man whoopsee-daisy ... ( see Bobby ) sorry , kiddo . bobby get out of my room . get out ! Regina appear behind they . regina Bobby ! that be we guest ! ( see he chessboard ) Jesus , enough already with the chess ! she reach for the board . piece fall , ruin the game . regina ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Joan --! 14 15 yellow revision 10 - 11 -13 9 . Joan appear . regina ( cont 'd ) put he to bed , will ya ? as Regina return to the party . Joan kneel to pick up the fall piece . Bobby look up at she . bobby please ...? joan okay . one game . she sit beside he on the bed and set up the board . int . brooklyn jewish hospital - waiting room - day 14 Bobby , Joan and Regina sit in a wait room . Regina smooth Bobby 's hair . regina now Bobby , do not suddenly start act normal and make I look ridiculous ... int . dr . mengarini be office - later 15 on doctor mengarini 's desk be a large wooden chess set . across the desk we find Bobby . the game be fifteen move old . smoke from megarini 's pipe waft among the chess piece . mengarini so Bobby , you go to the movie ? ( Bobby nod without look up ) you like western ? bang , bang ? Bobby nod again . mengarini glance at Regina . regina Bobby , have you ever be to the Moon on the subway ? Bobby nod and move a piece . he 's in a kind of trance . regina ( cont 'd ) once I pour a glass of water over he head ... mengarini study Bobby as Bobby study the board . regina ( cont 'd ) if I take the piece away he just play in he head . Day and night . yellow revision 10-11-13 mengarini move he knight . Bobby counter . mengarini what do you dream about , Bobby ? silence . Regina shrug . mengarini take Bobby 's rook . 9a . Green revision 10-14-13 10 . mengarini ( cont 'd ) you like parchesi ? Monopoly ? ( to Joan ) do he play other game with you ? joan he say chess be the only game that do not need luck . mengarini have barely finish move when Bobby make a move . this startles mengarini , who frown at the new position . joan ( cont 'd ) and he cry when he lose . Bobby glare at she briefly then return he focus to the game . mengarini squint at the board , then make he move . mengarini I play chess at quite a high level . his game be pretty good . not exceptional , though . ( magnanimous1ly ) a draw ? Bobby be not listen . he 's in the zone . he initiate a exchange : he Queen take mengarini 's Bishop . mengarini grunt , make another move . then Bobby pounce . mengarini try to escape but the trap have be sprung . after several move it 's clear he 's doom . mengarini be astonished . Bobby look up at he -- something new and ... well ... murderous in he expression . joan he hate draw . mengarini where the hell do that come from ? regina so now you see . mengarini be still stare at the board in disbelief . mengarini who teach he to play like this ? 16 17 yellow revision 10-11-13 11 . joan I buy he the set . last year . mengarini which club do he belong to ? regina he do not belong to any club . he teach himself . bobby I need to pee . Joan take Bobby 's hand and lead he out the door . regina so , Doctor . what do you think ? mengarini Mrs. Fischer , there be worse thing than play chess . believe I . regina he want there to be nothing else . mengarini be now write on a pad . mengarini I think he should see a professional . regina I think you be a professional . he hand she the note . " carmine nigro , Brooklyn chess Club . " ext . brooklyn chess club , marshall STREET - afternoont 16 Joan and Bobby walk down a Brooklyn street , arrive at a shabby storefront where a Hispanic man , 30' , be wait . carmine you must be the fischer . I be carmine nigro . ( to Bobby ) I be betting you be the chess player . joan Bobby , say hello . Bobby mumble hello . carmine unlock the door . int . brooklyn chess club 17 as carmine turn on the light , we watch Bobby 's face as the room be reveal -- twenty table , all with board set up . yellow revision 10-11-13 12 . carmine we church . all color and creed welcome . Bobby walk in as if enter a holy place . the door behind they burst open and Regina bustles in . regina sorry sorry the E train be a nightmare -- you must be camine nigro I be Regina Fischer . so ....? carmine Doctor mengarini say he 's good . but most young people do not have the concentration to play at this level so please do not build up you hope . regina my ' hope ' be he will give up on the damn game if someone beat he . carmine okay , let 's see what we get here ... he grab two chess piece , one black and one white , hold they behind he back and turn to Bobby . carmine ( cont 'd ) choose . time CUT : as the game begin , carmine seem confident . Bobby make a move that draw he up short . time CUT : Bobby 's move grow bolder , carmine 's body language be change . the fight be on . time CUT : carmine have to use all he wile . eventually , though , he begin to win , and soon he have Bobby trap . Bobby stare at the board , he face redden . he have lose . he hate to lose . he push he chair back and walk away , fight back tear . carmine turn to Regina . carmine ( cont 'd ) well , I be officially the twenty - fifth best chess player in New York City . but he have great potential . suddenly , a piece be slapped back on the board . Bobby have return and start replace piece . bobby again . Green revision 10-14-13 12a-12b . we can not help but see the ferocity in he eye . al18 time CUT - the brooklyn chess club a18 * a spectator push he way through a crowd gather around * the young phenom . * 18 5u' rock and roll kick in 18 as _ we follow Bobby 's rise to fame . in the brooklyn chess club , a small crowd watch he play . at a tournament -- carmine by he side -- he defeat one opponent after another . Regina watch intently . we see Bobby study chess as he make a sandwich , study as he walk down the street , asleep with he head on a board . in the gym , we focus on he hand as he move he piece in what we will come to know as he signature slapping gesture . intercut multiple exposure of Bobby 's hand with newsreel footage of the next five year : the rosenbergs be execute ; Green revision 10-14-13 13 . playboy bunny be introduce ; revolution in hungary ; hoola hoop , missile launch , a-bomb test , duck - and -cover . the image speed up and proliferate , Bobby 's hand become a blur as the soundtrack build -- until , when we return to normal speed , the camera pan up from the hand to reveal : 19 omit 19 20 bobby - now age 13 - onstage at a auditorium 20 he 's play against a man in he 20' . newsreel announcer ( v.o. ) ..- Bobby Fischer play american master Donald byrne today and beat he in what be already be describe as the game of the century . a21 image of bobby - doc style ( 5u' rock and roll cont . ) a21 shaking hand with opponent , be hand a big gold medal . 5u' reporter so Bobby , congratulation . what 's next for you ? bobby I do not know , my game 's get pretty strong ... Bobby blink into the camera , hoist he medal . newsreel announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) with the longest string of victory in the history of the competition , Bobby Fischer today become the youngest ever United States chess Champion -- b21 omit b21 21 omit 21 22 ext . brooklyn STREET - day 22 Bobby wear a sharp suit , a strut in he stride . he carry a large paper bag and a trophy . a kid yell as he pass . brooklyn kid hey , jewboy , way to go ! the other kid laugh but Bobby be oblivious , he 's clearly play chess in he head . 23 Green revision 10-14-13 14 . int . the fischer apartment 23 Bobby have take a roll of aluminum foil from the paper bag and be cover a window . the trophy have be throw haphazardly on a sofa . the tv be on : eric severeid ( on tv ) .- today , the Soviet Union announce it have successfully launch the first satellite to reach outer space . its name be sputnik . he do not hear Joan as she enter carry grocery . joan what be you do ? bobby you live under a rock ? the Russians be gonna shoot missile at we from space . joan and you think aluminum foil will keep out radiation ? bobby hey , I be not the one plan to fry the world . you be gonna have a kid . you should think about digging a shelter . Joan see the trophy , lie on the kitchen table . joan congratulation . wish you would let we come ... bobby Mom ? can not concentrate when she 's there . ( look around ) where be she , anyway --? joan ban-the-bomb march in Union Square . Bobby be distract by a chess game - in-progress . make a move . bobby be a hoot if she get blow up by a commie nuke while march against America . 24 25 yellow revision 10-11-13 15 . joan she 's not march against America . she 's march for peace . bobby yeah ? chain herself to the White House ... joan it 's just ... mom. bobby ( suddenly distract ) -- what day be it ? joan Friday . bobby no . the date . the date ! joan the 26th . without a word , Bobby be head out . joan ( cont 'd ) where you go ? too late . he 's outta there . int . ' four continent ' russian book store - dusk 24 a slice of Moscow in New York . a samovar . everyone smoking , Russian speak in hushed whisper . the middle - age bookstore clerk know Bobby when he enter . bookstore owner it just come in . he point to the magazine rack . Bobby reverently pick up the latest shakmanty bulletin and dive in -- he eye memorize each diagram at a glance -- he photographic memory like a motor-driven camera . cachunk . cachunk . cachunk . from outside the store a different Pov . the store be under FBI surveillance . click . int . the fischer apartment - later that night 25 Bobby let himself in . he see Regina 's shoe just inside the door and a pair of size 12 shoe beside they . frown . 26 pink revision 10-01-13 15a . int . bobby's bedroom - moment later 26 the room be little change -- except for dozen of trophies strewn haphazardly , and stack upon stack of chess magazine . Bobby open to a page -- and there we see the handsome face of boris spassky -- the Soviet grandmaster . 27 28 29 yellow revision 10-11-13 16 . Bobby study a diagram of spassky 's latest game . he place he piece . work fast . slap. slap . he 's in the zone . then ... from the bedroom , the sound of a man and woman have sex . Bobby put he finger in he ear , close he eye . inside bobby's head 27 the column of number be jumble , fade . a SOUND intrude . back in the room 28 Bobby hear a toilet flush . the SOUND of laughter . a bed creak . it 's all too much . Bobby leap to he foot . in the live room 29 Bobby find Regina in she robe . regina you be back ! and you win ! congratulation ! Bobby walk to the size 12 shoe and pick they up . bobby every night I hear you two fuck . fuck fuck fuck . bang ! bang ! bang ! regina Bobby , put that down . a big man -- cyril -- appear in the doorway . cyril Bobby -- bobby I get nothing to say to you . you live in my house but you be not my father , okay ? regina Bobby -- bobby where 's my real father ? regina what ? bobby I be bear , right ? what would you do with he ? be he on earth ? do he exist ? yellow revision 10-11-13 17 . regina honey , it be a long time ago ... bobby and you can not remember ? where be he ? regina go . bobby go where ? regina it do not matter -- bobby that 's nice . my real father do not matter but Mr. bigfoot , he matter ..! regina Bobby -- bobby go where ? when ? who ? why ? regina baby , it 's late ... Bobby hold the man-size shoe out the open kitchen window . bobby now . Regina deflate . hold she head . sigh . sigh again . regina .+- Paul die two year ago . I think you know that . bobby Paul ? Paul who ? ..... uncle Paul --? Regina can barely meet he gaze . yes . uncle Paul . bobby ( cont 'd ) he be my father ? and you never tell I ? and now he 's dead ?! ( more ) 30 yellow revision 10-11-13 18 . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( start pace ) ...- get the fuck outta here . I want you to leave ! I want you and mr . bigfoot ... to leave ! he fling the shoe out into the street . bobby ( cont 'd ) go back to Moscow with you commie friend . I be in training . I be study day and night to be world champion , do you understand ? the youngest world champion ... ever ! I need silence around here ! do you understand ! i. want ..... silence !!! he storm out . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day later 30 Joan make she way through the misfit , poet and drifter play chess in the open air . she find Bobby asleep at the chess table . his suit be wrinkle and filthy . joan carmine say you be stay at the chess club . bobby quiet there . joan what about high school ? bobby ha . be she still there ? she sit beside he . joan she fix up the apartment . even get the hot water heater work . Bobby look at she , sense a agenda . joan ( cont 'd ) she will not be live there anymore . ( hold up the key ) she 's go to do politics in California with cyril . yellow revision 10-11-13 19 . bobby you mean King Kong . joan she think if they go away you would go home and sleep in a bed . bobby that 's what she tell you ? and you buy it ? ( stand up ) she 's run away with some nut - case - Big foot-communist and , oh you know what ? it 's for Bobby 's benefit ! joan you say you want quiet . ( look at he ) you win , Bobby . be happy . 31 a interview 31 hand-held , grainy black - and -white . interviewer ( 0.s. ) Bobby Fischer interview . take one. ( hit the slate ) so , Bobby , how long before you get a shot at the title ? bobby the federation make it very difficult to advance in the ranking . gonna take a few year . but when that day come I will be ready ...! his grin -- when it happen -- be like the sun suddenly break through the cloud . 60 's music kick in . a32 b32 c32 d32 Green revision 10-14-13 20 . in a cavernous hall ( 60's rock music cont . ) doc -style a32 Bobby defeat several opponent . he pose among other East european grandmaster . carmine be nearby , beam . newsreel announcer # 3 ( v.o. ) ( in yugoslav ; subtitle ) in portoroz , Yugoslavia , american chess prodigy Bobby Fischer become the youngest ever grandmaster in the history of the game ... Bobby have a large gold medal around he neck . a american news reporter put a large microphone in he face . reporter ( 0.s. ) how do you explain you success ? Bobby look at he for a moment , then simply , without guile : bobby I be better than everybody else . in a chess club b32 * Bobby play twenty opponent at once -- they chessboard surround he in a circle . carmine hover nearby . newsreel announcer # 2 with each pass year he rise in the International rank . maybe someday America can finally claim a champion of its own . as he move from one to another , we intercut more archival footage : JFK be funeral . the Beatles . the Berlin Wall . Vietnam . lbj. cassius clay . the camera spin with he as he play -- faster and faster -- until , as Bobby pass from we view , obscure behind one player , he emerge on the other side as the mature 24 year - old we see in the open scene . ext . bulgaria tournament hall ( to establish ) c32 * caption : olympiad of varna , Bulgaria '62 int . bulgaria hall hallway d32* Bobby and carmine walk . Bobby be psyching himself up . 32 Green revision 10-14-13 20a . carmine * okay , ivanovich rely on the indian defense -- * * bobby he stop use it in portorosz . and petrossian be no longer defensive out of the nimzo . his mother die last month and he 's become more cautious . he fh hk carmine how do you know this stuff ? bobby the magazine , man . they do not know I read Russian . all I gotta do be outscore they by two point . that way they gotta give I shot at the championship . carmine good. good . how about we think about the first one first ... int . bulgaria tournament hall 32 * the enforce stillness of a chess tournament . Bobby defeat one opponent after another . he look invincible . his focus be absolute . yellow revision 10-11-13 21 . nearby , two russian player have finish they game -- they be shaking hand . a draw . Bobby look over , study they board . suddenly he stand up from he game and approach a arbiter . bobby ( whisper ) Excuse I . over there -- the Russians -- tbd have a open on petrosian , instead he draw in fourteen move ? arbiter if you will take you seat please , Mr. Fischer . bobby be you blind ? they be play each other soft to save they strength and then pad they point total so I can not win -- you should be watching this ! head turn as he voice rise . carmine come over . carmine Bobby , sit down , you do not want to be disqualified . bobby you see what they be up to ? no matter how many point I get , they be get more . this be such bullshit ... then , into the hall , walk boris spassky ! Bobby can not help but stare as spassky sit at a nearby table . Bobby try to return to he game , but he 's upset now . he furtively steal glance at the handsome grandmaster . suddenly , everything be distracting to he . a chair scraping . a light buzze . a Russian advisor whispering to another advisor . Bobby look up at the tournament board . _ he schedule to play spassky next . Bobby crackle with anxiety -- look over at spassky -- while he opponent ploddingly contemplate he next move . finally , unable to stand it : 33 yellow revision 10-11-13 21a . bobby ( cont 'd ) ..- knight to king pawn six , Bishop to bk4 , King to e-5 , Queen to qp2 . King to nb6 , Queen to bd3 . mate . his opponent realize he be indeed doom . doc - style : a door with a sign : " silence , match in progress " 33 the door open and Bobby storm out . a cameraman film he . bobby they be conspire against I . they want to destroy I because they know I be better than they be . Bobby be follow by official and journalist . take he arm . carmine Bobby ... Bobby yank he arm free ... bobby the Russians be cheating ! there , I have say it ! nobody else will ! Bobby grab a guy with Soviet accreditation . carmine yellow revision 10-11-13 22 . bobby ( cont 'd ) you want that in Russian ? niet pycni osmahbi . a official take Bobby 's arm ... official Mr Fischer , if we could go back inside and talk about this ... Bobby push the official -- who fall into a signboard . Bobby try to help the man to he foot . silence . then Bobby grab a chair , stand on it . bobby okay , I want to make a statement ... first I would like to apologize for push that guy . ... you be okay ? official something to tell my grandchild . as Bobby continue we hear whispered translation . bobby I come here to take part in this tournament , which be my right as american champion . but it be obvious this whole thing have be fix by the russkies . carmine roll he eye . murmur around the audience . bobby ( cont 'd ) they arrange draw so they can save they strength for the late round . but the corrupt federation do nothing to stop it . I have be wait ten year to get a shot at the championship ... and I be sick of it . ( work himself up ) as a result , I be -- as of right now -- now - this-second , quit . carmine oh , man ... bobby I will not play against fuckin' commie cheater who hate I and hate America . Bobby see a radio microphone poke out from the crowd . yellow revision 10-11-13 23 . bobby ( cont 'd ) sorry about ' fuck ' in there ... but anyway .... screw you all . in fact I be retire from chess forever . Bobby kick over the chair as he get down and walk away . 34 ext . people's hall - continuous 34 carmine try to keep up with Bobby as he march away . bobby I be the best in the world and they know it and they steal it from I ! the whole system be rig ... carmine Bobby ... Bobby , wait -- ( catch up to he ) ... it 's okay to be nervous about play he . bobby what be you talk about ? carmine spassky . you see he be next and you quit . spassky be exite with he handler , look cool , confident . bobby you be fulla shit . it have nothing to do with spassky ! it 's statistically impossible for I to win now . carmine first rule of chess . always someone better than you . bobby better than you , maybe . he stride away , leave carmine behind . 35 int . the fischer apartment - week later 35 the kitchen be a disaster . Old take - out container and dirty coffee cup . chess board , each with a game - in-progress . Green revision 10-14-13 24 . %* Bobby be asleep , he head on a chessboard . it look like he life in he bathrobe . a key in the doorway . Joan enter ; with she be she seven - year - old girl . Bobby wake up . joan hey , baby boy ... bobby do not know you have a key . joan ( to she daughter ) say hello to you uncle . the girl shyly mumble a hello . bobby you like chess , lizzie ? this be the rook . see the castle on top , like in a fairy story , right ? it move like this . and this be the knight , you like horse ...? meanwhile Joan be subtly clean up . joan so ... what have you be up to ? bobby the usual . joan get out much ? bobby too busy . ( to Elizabeth ) -- here , you try it . joan .+- do what ? bobby work on my game ! I have develop file this thick on tal , on petrossian , on fila ... I be work fourteen hour a day . joan so you do not quit . bobby ( a bit overheate ) I will play when the Russians stop fix the candidate tournament ! * ee ee Green revision 10 - 14 -13 24a . joan I know , baby . I know ... she produce a comb and begin to comb he hair . he close he eye to a tenderness he rarely give in to . joan ( cont 'd ) so I bump into a old friend from school ... she see you picture in the New York Times magazine . bobby I be in the New York Times ? joan the piece about you punch a guy . from the picture , she think you be a looker . ( smooth Bobby 's hair ) I do not see it , you know ? but the point be ... you have a date . 25 . Bobby open he eye . Joan smile . 36 int . brooklyn diner - night 36 sixty rock -and-roll on the juke box . a sweet - face young girl , maria , be wait . she look nervous as Bobby enter . bobby Maria ? maria Bobby ? bobby my sister tell I not to scare you . he smile . sit . bobby ( cont 'd ) boo . be you a virgin too ? Maria almost choke on she coffee . bobby ( cont 'd ) I do not much care , you know ? I do not know why there 's even a word for it . there 's no word for people who have never fly in a plane or ... Maria look a little throw ... bobby ( cont 'd ) do you ever make up word for thing there 's no word for ? maria I ...no , I really do not . bobby be I scare you by the way ? maria no ... a little . Maria be beginning to get up to speed with Bobby 's craziness . she 's unnerve but draw to he eye . maria ( cont 'd ) I be italian . Bobby do not respond . maria ( cont 'd ) Joan say you have be to Rome to play chess . 26 . bobby ( vapid fire ) it have two hundred and thirty five statue of people who look like they be still in bed . maria ( laugh ) do you count they ? bobby be you interested in politics ? maria I be a Republican actually . bobby right there , that 's why you be a virgin . Republicans only have sex to have baby . Democrats have sex because they can not help themselves . Maria laugh again . Bobby be puzzle by she laughter . he be - arrange the sugar cube with he long finger ... maria be you go to eat something ? Bobby put a sugar cube into he mouth . peer at she . bobby do you play chess ? maria no . bobby good . Maria take a breath , decide to be bold . maria Joan say you have quit travel all over to tournament and maybe you would like to start do regular thing . Maria think maybe she be one of the regular thing he might do . he smile then peer at Maria 's face . after a moment ... bobby beautiful . he stare at she face . Maria react ... blush a little . then ... still stare at she face ... he speak fast and even ... 37 pink revision 10-01-13 27 . bobby ( cont 'd ) capablanca versus emanuel lasker , Havana , 1921 , endgame . the White King be here ... Bobby touch the tip of Maria 's nose ... bobby ( cont 'd ) Black King here . he touch she chin . as Bobby name different chess piece he gently touch she eye , she cheek , she ear , place each piece as if Maria 's face be a chessboard ... bobby ( cont 'd ) White knight , black pawn , white rook , black Bishop to you chin -- Maria have close she eye , he touch be gentle . bobby ( cont 'd ) -- you ear to you nose and take out a eye for a cheek bone . move this here . this here ... a pause . Bobby stare at she face and look troubled ... bobby ( cont 'd ) beautiful like a Picasso . Maria open she eye -- overwhelm by he gentle physicality . bobby ( cont 'd ) you believe in love . maria uh ... bobby that 's what I think . ( stand ; sigh ) sorry , Joan . he grab he coat and leave . she sit there , forlorn . maria it 's Maria . ext . ' four continent ' russian book store - later that night 37 a hunch Bobby walk fast along the busy Brooklyn sidewalk and duck into the store , like someone enter a porn shop . more surveillance shot of he from across the street . yellow revision 10-11-13 28 . int . brooklyn , ' four continent ' russian book store - night 38 Bobby enter , look wire . the bookstore owner speak softly in Russian ... bookstore owner good evening ' Bobby grandmaster ' . you could not sleep ? bobby would you please speak to I in american ? bookstore owner so why have you go to the trouble of learn we language ? bobby ( in Russian ) okay . Fine . be it here yet ? bookstore owner ( back to English ) let I see ... it be the tbd you buy , yes ? publish by the Moscow chess federation . the owner 's wife drift by behind the counter . owner' wife ah . the american boy who hate we but can not resist we magazine . bookstore owner the October edition be just in . Bobby find the magazine in the rack . bookstore owner ( cont 'd ) page six . ( twist the knife ) he be become the new messiah . a photo of spassky . the caption read : ' World Champion boris spassky win tenth blitz tournament . ' once again , Bobby 's steel - trap of a mind memorize each move at lighting speed . bookstore owner ( cont 'd ) they say he will not ever lose a match . Bobby pay he . the owner hand he a card . bookstore owner ( cont 'd ) someone leave this for you . a lawyer . you be in trouble , maybe ? pink revision 10-01-13 28a . a39 int . FBI office - day a39 a anonymous figure sit behind a desk as a sheaf of surveillance photo be show to he . we see Bobby enter the Russian bookstore . 39 Green revision 10-14-13 29 . ext . WASHINGTON square park ~ 39 patchy snow . empty apart from Bobby , who sit before a empty chessboard play a game with invisible piece . a guy in a overcoat approach . it be marshall . bobby you want a game ? marshall what ? you think I be stupid ? bobby you know who I be . marshall yeah , I know who you be . be try to reach you . ( hand he a card ) you do not answer you phone . bobby you be the lawyer . what would I do ...? marshall nothing . you do nothing . you do nothing . that 's why I be here . Marshall hand he a article tear from Sports illustrate : ' the Russians have fix World chess , ' by Bobby Fischer . ' marshall ( cont 'd ) you be angry . ee ee Green revision 10- 14-13 30 . bobby that be year ago . marshall be you still angry ? Bobby rock back and forth a little . marshall ( cont 'd ) I mean , be you political , Bobby ? bobby like a rock . like a baseball bat . marshall you tell the truth about the Russians . bobby sometimes the truth be a hand grenade . ( almost coy ) I just make that up by the way . Marshall produce a chess magazine , drop it on the table . marshall there 's be a announcement . ( read ) ' Soviet invasion to hit California surf . greatest chess player who ever live to visit U.S. ' . bobby yeah . they be come to California to play in the piatigorsky . marshall they say it 's just a game , for fun , hand of friendship , all that crap . but you know the truth ... they be use chess to say ' screw America 's . bobby yeah , well , America be soft . ( be the empty table ) a little bit of weather and I be all alone here . marshall the Russians laugh at we . ( more ) Green revision 10-14-13 marshall ( cont 'd ) they know there 's not one single american can beat a single Russian . they chess mastery prove to the world Soviet intellectual superiority over the decadent West . bobby seriously man , who the hell be you ? marshall I be just a fan . I love creative people . I also love my country . I also love to make money . ( lean in ) I want to represent you . exhibition . endorsement . serious money . otherwise I would not be out here freezing my ass off . Bobby laugh in a cloud of breath . marshall ( cont 'd ) you be the one man in this country who can put up a fight , maybe even beat they . and I want a front row seat when the good guy win . bobby you do not know if I can still play . marshall I talk to people . the cafe on Clinton Street . the bookstore ... you hate to lose , Bobby . if you be not beat the magazine you would not keep buy they . Bobby study Marshall , who turn to a picture of marshall ( cont 'd ) carmine think you be afraid of he . yeah , he 's go to have some fun over here ... bobby hey , screw he . screw boris spassky . he tap he temple with he long finger . 31-31a .* spassky . ee ee * 40 4l Green revision 10-14-13 bobby ( cont 'd ) I have move in my brain like bullet . I run all he game and I know how he think . marshall yeah . bang-bang . patzer in Washington Square . so what ? bobby he have a life . he have a wife . ( brushes away dead leave from the board ) all I have be this . that 's why I can beat he . marshall if you do not play , you do not win . buif you win , you make history . Bobby look at he , a wick smile spread across he face . bobby when I win . omit int . manhattan chess club , smoking room - day the Manhattan Club be nicer than its Brooklyn equivalent . Marshall walk through with a priest in long black robe enter . this be father lombardy . marshall he 's be prepare for six hour . lombardy I be just a selector . I hope he realize it 's a committee that decide who play . marshall you be a grandmaster . he respects you . you be the only one who ever beat spassky . lombardy we be kid . he would destroy I now . marshall and you have beat Bobby . lombardy when he be twelve . and a bad loser . ( more ) 40 41 Green revision 10-14-13 32a . lombardy ( cont 'd ) Said the room be too loud , the lamp be too bright . he 's a pain in the ass . marshall he ask for you . want you to be he second . Marshall hand Lombardy a letter . marshall ( cont 'd ) it 's a letter of explanation and apology to the federation . lombardy with the for word in the first line . Green revision 10-14-13 33. marshall he 's nurse a grudge a long time . he 's study how the Russians play ... every day , eighteen hour a day for four year . for he , Vietnam and the Beatles never happen . lombardy I be guess he still have he opinion about the Soviets ? marshall you will promise the committee we will keep he out of trouble ... lombardy the piatigorsky have be organize to build bridge , not burn they . marshall so we lose twelve to zero and that 's a bridge . lombardy I hear he have mental health problem . marshall so do mozart . lombardy what if we get he there and he crack ... marshall Bobby will not crack . he will explode . 42 int . manhattan chess club - game room - day 42 Marshall usher Lombardy in . Bobby be dress to kill . marshall Bobby ? Father Lombardy 's here ... lombardy how ya do , Bobby ? bobby against petrosian in Zurich in the third game you should not have sacrifice you King 's pawn . that 's the thing that get ya . Father Lombardy rock back a little ... yellow revision 10-11-13 34 . bobby ( cont 'd ) you always play too cautiously but then you go crazy in the other direction . it 's a bad weakness . they peer at each other . bobby ( cont 'd ) hey , if I criticize a priest , do I go to hell ? lombardy ..- depend if you believe in God . bobby ( nod appreciatively ) good move . he gesture at the chessboard line up before they . bobby ( cont 'd ) I be go to show you how you could have win in thirteen move . lombardy not possible . several table have be laid out in advance . bobby okay , here 's where you screw up . you get greedy and trade knight for bishop , sacrifice you pawn . but what if you would do this ... he put the piece back on the board with a arrogant slap . bobby ( cont 'd ) see , the Russians be like boa constrictor . if you do nothing , they strangle you to death , but if you confuse he , attack he everywhere ... Bobby move rapidly . piece move , trading . bobby ( cont 'd ) first my machine gun attack he king . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! all he can do be defend himself -- five more move . check . check . he take a rook . pink revision 10-01-13 34a. lombardy you understand , Bobby , this tournament be about diplomacy . Bobby ignore he , move to the next table . bobby I want five hundred dollar for each game . I want to buy my sister something for she new baby . lombardy I hear you be take medication . bobby my sister send I to a doctor who put I on something but I start play as badly as you . so I stop . he make three more tactical move . bobby ( cont 'd ) now we have get he on the run . lombardy what about Rook take Bishop ? bobby of course . the smoke clear . he think he 's safe ... but there 's a plot to kill the king , a assassin be wait , forget in the background . Lombardy be entrance . bobby ( cont 'd ) you see the Russian Queen , stand there , so high and mighty ? she think she can protect he . Bobby go to the next table , make several quick move -- bobby ( cont 'd ) uddenly the assassin come to life ! the King try to escape . but now the hunt be on --! he make a few furious final move , trapping the white King . bobby ( cont 'd ) even he beloved Queen can not save he . the King be defenseless . the King be dead . 43 pink revision 10-01-13 35 . the kind Falls lombardy Holy shit . bobby I do not know priest use bad language ... ( to Marshall ) I like this guy . ( to Lombardy ) Father ? take the crazy kid to California . ext . santa monica beach 43 Beach boy harmony . archival footage & mock - doc : wave crash on a sun-drenched beach . the surf be up . Long board and polka- dot bikinis . four black limo pull up beside the beach . caption : Santa monica , California , June 1966 . kgb man in dark suit and shade emerge . out of the rear door step ten less well - build man , also in dark suit . the soviet chess team step hesitantly onto the sand . radio dj ( v.0o . ) this be 93 khj , Los Angeles ... 44 45 yellow revision 10-11-13 36 . the kgb man watch the grand master stroll self - consciously on the beach . a few surveillance shot . radio dj ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) do not be fool by the warm weather because the cold War just blow into town . the Soviet chess team arrive in LA for a good - will tournament . boris spassky light a cigarette . he be trim , athletic . he wear dark shade , hair brush back . a impressive figure . radio dj ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with they be the current world champion , boris spassky , say to be the best chess player who ever live . spassky take off he shade and rub he eye against the bright light . we sense a certain weariness ... ext . beverly hill hilton HOTEL 44 the fleet of limo cruise up the palm - fringe courtyard . the doormen jump to attention . photographer take photo . radio dj ( v.o. ) the comrade be book into the beverly Hills Hilton Hotel . so much for work class value ... boris be hurried inside by two kgb man . radio dj ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if you be listen guy , welcome to the free world and enjoy the sunshine . ext . santa monica motel , ocean avenue - day 45 in the seedy parking lot , a couple of hooker be smoking . a taxi pull in . Lombardy , Marshall and Bobby emerge . Bobby look at the seedy Motel , shake he head . bobby right . Green revision 10-14-13 37 . 46 int . santa monica motel , office Lombardy and Marshall be check in while Bobby pace . he check out the mural of Santa monica , observe pass kid . bobby ..- really hot in here ... what 's go on ? motel clerk repair guy do not show . bobby ( to Marshall ) you say a hotel , not some roach coach that rent by the hour . motel clerk you a rock star ? ( to Marshall ) act like a rock star . bobby you know what ? I be not stay here . Bobby turn and walk out the door . 47 ext . santa monica motel , parking lot Bobby emerge with Lombardy and Marshall in pursuit . bobby you say , '' improve accommodation . " marshall this be improve . somebody else be pay for it . bobby where be the Russians stay ? Lombardy and Marshall exchange a look . 46 47 Green revision 10-14-13 lombardy we do not have they kind of money . bobby money ?! we invent money -- lombardy we rely on private donor . bobby so find some rich one ! ( shake he head ) the Russians get whatever they want because they government understand what it take to win . chess be a national priority ! they do not put chess player next to Route 66 ! ( look at the traffic ) all I want be some quiet !! one of the hooker speak up out of nowhere ... hooker so stop yell . Bobby look up . she 's attractive , if somewhat ... obvious . bobby you be right . sorry . what 's you name ? donna donna . bobby see ya later , donna . I be go for a walk . hooker want some company ? bobby sure . he set off toward the ocean . donna hurry to catch up . Lombardy turn to Marshall lombardy and he have not even start play . * 48 yellow revision 10-11-13 38a . int . beverly hilton HOTEL , boris spassky's suite 48 the suite be vast . a shower be run a note in English and Russian : ' the beverly Hills Hilton Hotel welcome Mr boris spassky .... chess Champion of the World ' . along with he dark suit , boris have pack a Hawaiian shirt . a small crucifix hang inside he open suitcase . on a table a chessboard with the piece set for a new game . boris emerge , drying himself . then the door open . a adviser enter . this be geller . he carry a folder . they conversation be in Russian with english subtitles . boris you do not knock ? geller you do not hear I . geller immediately turn off the radio jazz . Green revision 10-14-13 39 . boris it be interfere with you listen device ? geller ( smile ) now you be be paranoid . geller go to the window , look down . geller ( cont 'd ) I come in here because there be a better view . come and see . there be a black goddess lie by the pool and you can see right up she crotch . this be a great country , yeah ? ( peer at he , again : ) I say this be a great country , yes ? boris do not respond . geller toss a folder onto the bed . geller ( cont 'd ) the american team . there be someone on this list I hope be dead . 49 ext . santa monica beach 49 Bobby be walk in he sharp suit , the wave drench he shoe . he be walk with purpose , mumble , lose in a game be play in he head . then we see donna trail behind , high heel in hand . donna this be all you want to do ? Bobby have space out for a moment . he snap back . bobby huh ? collect shell if you want . donna you walk pretty fast . Bobby stop , sit down on the sand and stare out to sea . bobby maybe I will sleep here instead . donna sit down heavily beside Bobby and light a cigarette . bobby ( cont 'd ) so what do you do , donna ? donna look quizzically at Bobby . Green revision 10-14-13 40 - 42 . donna I fuck people . bobby yeah ? so do i. ( ponder ) ..- listen , after I have win this chess thing I be think maybe I would get rid of my virginity . it 's get stupid , you know --? donna ...- you have never have sex ? bobby not with someone else , no . donna I will make you a introductory offer . 300 buck . bobby two hundred . donna two-fifty . bobby two twenty -five . and if I win I get the next one for free . donna you really represent America ? bobby Hell , yeah . I represent America . 50 51 52 53 yellow revision 10-11-13 43 . omitted omitted ext . beverly hilton HOTEL - next day the Soviet chess team climb into they fleet of limo . boris appear to have two kgb guard allocate just to he . int . bobby's motel room as Bobby be get dress , he and Lombardy play " blind " chess . the board , the piece , it 's all in they head . 50 51 52 53 Green revision 10-14-13 43a . bobby Bishop to Queen 3. lombardy Bishop to knight 5 . bobby knight to King knight 5 . lombardy King Rook to Queen 1 . each move elicit a reaction . Delight or dread . bobby Queen to knight 4 . ha ! lombardy you sonofabitch . bobby ( grin ) not I . morphy vs. anderssen . Lombardy 's competitive instinct be emerge . lombardy Bishop to Bishop 1. bobby King Rook to kl . lombardy pawn to Queen Rook 4 . bobby Queen to King 7 . lombardy Queen take Queen . bobby Rook take Queen . Lombardy study the board in he head . lombardy seeee shit . Bobby just smile . Marshall knock and enter . marshall you ready ? he hand Bobby a three - page staple mimeo . Green revision 10-14-13 43b . marshall ( cont 'd ) background on the Soviet and Cuban team . bobby be you kid ? the Russians have a folder this thick on I . they have be study I since I be twelve . he tear it up , turn to check himself out in the mirror . bobby ( cont 'd ) they be sit by the pool in they fancy hotel , have drink , laugh . ( square he tie ) we will see who 's laugh tonight . he start for the door . bobby ( cont 'd ) you come ? Bobby leave . Lombardy smile at Marshall . lombardy I think he 's ready . 54 55 Green revision 10-14-13 44 . ext . santa monica tournament hall 54 the Soviet flag and the star and stripe hang above a hall . int . santa monica tournament hall 55 player , audience and journalist wait for the match to begin . the Russians receive last minute briefing . Lombardy be pour coffee as Marshall enter , frantic . marshall he 's not anywhere ! if he 's not seat in four minute , he forfeit . lombardy he will be there . marshall a little prayer would not hurt . lombardy I pray for he opponent . Marshall shake he head and hurry away . 56 Green revision 10-14-13 45 . int . santa monica tournament , men' room Marshall enter and begin to check the cubicle . marshall Bobby ? you here ? bobby ( 0.s. ) in here . Marshall find Bobby fully clothed , sit on the toilet , busily write on a scrap of paper . marshall what the hell ? you have go to take you seat ! Bobby get to he foot , hand Marshall the note . bobby I have to find somewhere quiet . I want you to give this to she ... marshall to who ? bobby my mom . Bobby give he the letter . for a moment we glimpse the fragile little boy inside Bobby . he go to wash he hand . bobby ( cont 'd ) she life in California now . she will be here . marshall Bobby , you have draw ivanovich in the first round . bobby whatever you do , do not let she watch I . she will screw up my game . just stop she and give she the letter ( dry he hand ) I have tell she to follow on the radio . marshall Bobby , ivanovich be officially the third best chess player in the world . Bobby 's little boy look be replace by a roguish grin . 56 57 58 59 Green revision 10-14-13 46 . bobby fourth . int . santa monica tournament playing hall a chessboard . a clock tick . a empty chair with Bobby 's name on it . Russian grandmaster ivanovich sit opposite . a adviser whisper in he ear . Lombardy check he watch . referee if he be not here in sixty second the game will be forfeit . ivanovich fold he arm and wait . a door at the far end of the room open . Bobby saunter in . his casual attitude immediately wrong -foot he opponent . a ripple of applause as he raise one hand in acknowledgement . a official hand Bobby he " move " card . bobby ( patting he pocket ; to Lombardy ) gotta pen ? Lombardy hand he a pen . Bobby sit and wait for the clock to run down some more , stare directly at ivanovich . ten second leave on the clock . ivanovich begin to will a little . Bobby smile a devilish smile and whisper ... bobby ( cont 'd ) ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three ... two ... Bobby slap he first move , then slap he clock just as hard . his eye never leave ivanovich 's face . ext . santa monica tournament hall , night the limo be wait . the auditorium door open and ivanovich appear , escort by the Soviet team advisor , livo nei , who hurry he into one of the wait car . ivanovich have he head bow . int . limo - back seat ( traveling - poor man' process ) the limo pull away . ivanovich sit beside nei , stare straight ahead . they speak Russian with english subtitles . 57 58 59 60 61 yellow revision 10-11-13 47 . ivanovich it be like ... have a building fall on I . nei when we get to the hotel the team doctor will give you a thorough examination . ( look at he ) you lose because you have the flu . you probably catch it on the flight . ivanovich yes . I do have a headache . omitted 60 ext . santa monica motel , outdoor pay phone - night 61 rain drench the parking lot . Bobby be on the pay phone , wire . donna appear out of one of the room . donna hey , hear you win ... congrat ! ( watch he ) what 's wrong with the phone in you room ? bobby I hear this click , click . we phone be always bugge grow up . ( dial ) some family , huh ? my mom be bugge by we , I be bugge by the Russians . donna who you call ? 62 Green revision 10-14-13 48. bobby ( on the phone ) Operator , I be try to find a number for Regina Fischer .... well how many * Regina fischer can there be in California ?.... ( to donna ) make sure my mom do not come * tomorrow . * ( on the phone ) somewhere near the beach .... ( to donna ) she like the ocean . ( on the phone ) well ask the lady next to you and she can ask the lady next to she . you sit in line , right ? donna stifles a giggle . bobby ( cont 'd ) just look she up in you -- he 's cut off . * bobby ( cont 'd ) * shit. * donna * so you want to lose you virginity tonight ? bobby donna , I have not forget we arrangement and I be look forward to it . ( smile ) but tonight I have get to practice . I kill one of they today so tomorrow they will come at I like wasp . Bobby turn and walk off into the rain . int . bobby's motel room - later that night 62 Bobby and Lombardy be play " blitz . " speed chess . Lombardy be push Bobby . Bobby push back . bobby pass up have sex for this . whap . Hit the clock . whap . Lombardy make a counter - move . lombardy pass it up for twenty year . 63 yellow revision 10 -11 -13 48a . ext . motel room - same Bobby 's be the only light still on . from inside , we hear whap , whap , whap as they practice continue into the night . 63 Green revision 10-14-13 49 . 64 ext . beverly hilton HOTEL - same 64 kgb guy flirt with american woman . a shadow slip past . it 's boris spassky make he escape . 65 ext . beverly hill street 65 boris wander through residential beverly Hills . 66 int . sandwich shop , beverly hill - night 66 boris be play a pinball machine inside a sandwich shop . geller peer in from the street , spot he and enter . geller be look for you . boris keep play . geller ( cont 'd ) you have a game tomorrow . you should be sleep . outside , a limo pull up and a kgb man get out . geller nod through the window that everything be all right . geller ( cont 'd ) disappear make people nervous . boris be ivanovich really sick ? geller influenza . we be fly he home . boris look at he , know he 's lie . go back to he game . geller ( cont 'd ) it look bad to lose even one game to a american . boris allow the ball to drop out of play . 67 Green revision 10-14-13 50 . geller ( cont 'd ) if Fischer make it to the final you will be there to crush he . the click of a surveillance shot from across the street . int . santa monica motel - morning 67 Marshall walk out . Lombardy take he aside . lombardy we have a problem . Bobby be stand by the empty pool , hold a sheet of paper . bobby I be not go to play again until my condition be meet . marshall what condition ? bobby number one . from now on we arrive at tournament in a big black car like the Russians . marshall limousine cost money . bobby number two . my picture be on today 's front page of the LA Times . the more I win , the more people come . a thousand people be pay 5 dollar apiece to see I play . that 's $ 5,000 . I want 30 % . $ 1,500 . marshall Bobby -- bobby money be respect . chess be a sport . people respect sport star . ( read ) number three . I need five foot between I and the audience . I can smell they breath , it 's almost like I hear they thought . my thought need to be on the board . marshall be that all ? * Green revision 10-14-13 bobby and get somebody to check we phone be not be bugge . ( start off ) screw the limo . I be walk . 50a . Green revision 10-14-13 51 . Bobby set off . Lombardy set off after he . b68 ext . motel - continuous b68 Lombardy catch up to he . lombardy you ready to talk about the match now ? bobby ( grin ) forgive I , father , for I have sin .. Lombardy can not help but smile . Bobby can be disarming . lombardy yeah , right . now .... if benko play the sicilian , what 's you counter ? we can no longer hear they as they walk away but they animated gesture signal the intensity of they preparation . 68 int . santa monica motel , office - night 68 the motel clerk be watch local news on a small tv . news anchor ( v.o. ) Americans do not beat Russians at chess . but it happen today in Santa monica -- intercut doc -style " news " footage of Bobby 's victory -- masterful , slapping he piece , scribbling in he notebook . news anchor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- and when american chess sensation Bobby Fischer be around , it just keep on happen .... donna and the motel clerk be watch on the tiny tv . clerk Son of a bitch break three of my phone look for bug . 69 Green revision 10-14-13 52 . donna that 's what rock star do . they trash hotel room . news anchor ( v.o. ) tomorrow , a record crowd will watch the american -- Bobby Fischer -- as he face Russian World Champion boris spassky in the final match . donna stare at the screen , wide - eye . donna never fuck a champion before . int . santa monica motel , bobby's room - night 69 Bobby lie in bed , lose in think . donna be beside he . * donna be not so bad be it ? bobby wane see , the problem be I be black ... donna huh ? bobby I like to open with the king indian but he 's a expert on the samisch . donna * who ? * bobby * spassky . so maybe a grunfeld ... * but then I need to find a remedy to * p - b4 ... he spin inward . she 's feel a little leave out . * donna * .+.. do you reach you Mom ? Bet * she would be proud . she try stroking he arm . he withdraw slightly . * bobby gotta go back to work . Bobby be already pull on he pants , leave the room . donna yeah , it be good for I , too . 70 71 Green revision 10 -14-13 52a . int . santa monica motel room - later that night 70 Bobby can not sleep . paces. Studies he notebook . it 's 1:00 be . Bobby drink milk . paces. Studies more . it 's 3:30 be . he 's about to drift off . the alarm clock ring . 7:00 be . int . santa monica tournament hall 71 Bobby and Lombardy walk a hallway . Bobby look like hell . Green revision 10-14-13 53 . lombardy up late , huh ? you all right ? they eye meet for a flicker . bobby never better . 72 int . santa monica tournament hall - day 72 Bobby stop before enter the play area and see spassky . boris look rest and detach . Lombardy see he look . lombardy you get this guy . bobby think I do not know that ? across the hall , boris sense Bobby 's gaze . they eye meet . we sense the two man have make fatal contact , and one of they must be destroy . Bobby look away first . Bobby and spassky approach they table . the audience applaud . the two man stand behind they seat . geller whisper in boris 's ear . livo nei hand he a note pad and pen . a third bring he a worksheet , a fourth hand he a glass of water . Lombardy lean in to whisper to Bobby . lombardy remember , do not try to overpress . if he open with the nimzo -- bobby ( harsh whisper ) you think I be a idiot !?! Lombardy be mortify . Bobby be immediately contrite . bobby ( cont 'd ) ... sorry , Father . 73 74 Green revision 10-14-13 54 . he look up to see if boris have hear he . boris step forward , extend he hand . Bobby hesitates and the flicker of hesitation be catch by spassky . finally they shake . boris sit down calmly as Bobby drop into he chair . Bobby be distract by the SOUND of a chair scraping . his eye dart to it . he look back -- only to realize boris have be watch he the whole time . Bobby try to stare at he . boris smile . he have already win . ext . santa monica tournament hall 73 the door slam open and Bobby burst through . his fury tell all . he have lose . Lombardy and Marshall hurry to catch up . lombardy Bobby , you beat three Russians . marshall they be wait to give you the runner - up medal . bobby a medal for lose ? lombardy no one expect you to beat spassky . bobby she be not here , be she ? marshall who ? he do not wait for a answer and walk off toward the beach . marshall ( cont 'd ) at least talk to the tv people . ext . santa monica beach - dusk 74 Bobby trudge in the sand . tear well as he collapse like a disconsolate child . he have lose . his carefully - cultivate , illusion of invincibility be shattered , reveal for what it be , a cloak for the vast , untouchable hole in he heart . he idly draw a chessboard in the wet sand -- torture himself with memory of lose . 75 Green revision 10-14-13 55 . a wave roll in , wash out he draw . he sit there , water pool around he . int . santa monica motel , lombardy room - that night 75 Lombardy sit on the bed . Marshall enter . marshall he 's disappear . he pour himself a drink . lombardy he will be back . marshall how can you be so sure ? lombardy it 's all that matter to he . without chess , he do not exist . marshall you think he can ever beat spassky ? Lombardy nurse he drink , non-committal . marshall ( cont 'd ) hypothetically , what would it take to make he world champion ? lombardy ( stare at he ) the desk clerk ask why we be make so many call to DC . I do not call DC . who have you be talk to --? marshall there be people ... in high place ... who take a interest in any confrontation between we and the Soviet Union . lombardy the state department ? ( no answer ) the CIA ? ( no answer ) the white house ? marshall Bobby want limo ? he get limo . and they ' 1l1 throw in ' honorariums ' for each victory . Green revision 10-14-13 lombardy paid for by who ? Marshall stare back at he . marshall be you a patriot , father ? lombardy mostly . marshall Bobby may be a little off but he understand this whole thing better than you . ( look at he ) we be at war . only it 's not be fight by gun and missile -- not yet at least -- it 's a war of perception . the poor kid from Brooklyn take on the whole Soviet Empire . the perfect american story . lombardy ( start to laugh ) which mean you be out schnor right wing anti-communist money people ? this would not possibly be helpful to the Nixon White House ? marshall ...- there 's such a thing as do well by do good . and you have not answer my question ... Lombardy take a sip of whiskey . lombardy Bobby Fischer be the second best chess player I have ever see . he also have severe problem in he head . marshall which need to be understand and manage . lombardy manage ? Bobby ? ( shake he head ) ever hear of Paul morphy ? 1855 . ( more ) Green revision 10-14-13 57 . lombardy ( cont 'd ) greatest player this country ever have -- before Bobby , that be . by 21 he would beat every master in Europe . like to play ten people at a time . blindfolded . then thing get a little weird . start have " vision , " become convinced people be try to poison he . quit at 26 and eventually kill himself in the bathtub surround by twelve pair of lady ' shoe . Lombardy take another sip . lombardy ( cont 'd ) this game be a rabbit hole . after only four move there be more than three hundred billion option to consider , more forty - move game than the number of star in the galaxy , more opening , defense , gambit than there be atom in the universe . ( remember ) it can bring you very close to the edge . I have be there . when I be twenty - three , I - - marshall ( interrupt ) Nice story , father . with respect , my question be about Bobby . could he win ? Lombardy glare at he . lombardy if Bobby go for the title it would mean travel around the world play interzonals for three year ... that 's three year in much worse place than this one . ( finish he whiskey ) in my opinion he might not make it that long . Marshall stand up , take the bottle with he . marshall it 's you job to see that he do . if we ever find he . 76 a77 pink revision 10-01-13 58 . ext . beach - day 76 Bobby have sleep on the beach . his clothes be rumple and he hair be wild . as he sit up he see a odd sight . a hundred yard down the beach , a big black limo have disgorge three men . two be kgb . the third be wear a beverly Hills hotel bathrobe . it 's boris spassky , come for he morning swim . the kgb man carry he clothes . Bobby watch , fascinate , as boris shrug off he bathrobe and begin a exercise regime . Bobby get to he knee as boris walk into the ocean and begin to swim . the kgb guy smoke cigarettes , wait for boris to finish . as boris step out of the ocean , a kgb guy hold out a towel for he . Bobby leap to he foot and yell ... bobby hey !! asshole !! they be not bodyguard , they be jailer !! they have get you brain . they be inside you mind ! they would not even let you kill yourself if you want !! boris look up as Bobby yell , but he be far away and look like a bum , so he do not immediately recognize he ... kgb guy just some drunk sleep it off . America be full of they . Bobby , meanwhile , be laugh to himself . he step into the ocean , fully clothed , and begin to splash around ... bobby look at I man , I be free ! he jump into the wave and begin to play . boris stare and slowly realize it 's Bobby . bobby ( cont 'd ) I be come for you , man !! better get ready -- ' cause I 'm... coming !! the kgb minder quickly hustle boris away , but not before he look back to see Bobby take a sardonic bow . we might notice something new in boris 's eye when he realize that Bobby have recover from the loss . he be unnerve . ext . moscow ( archival footage ) - morning a77 lomonosov Moscow University dormitory , February 1967 . 77 78 79 80 Green revision 10-14-13 59 . int . moscow apartment - morning 77 a man answer the door . a postman hand he a Russian Magazine . the cover feature a photograph of Bobby . we might notice he have large foot inside he rag tartan slipper . int . moscow apartment , live room 78 cyril hand the magazine to Regina . Bobby be on the cover . cyril he be officially enter the race to become world champion . Regina nod , walk away toward the bedroom with the magazine . int . moscow apartment , spare room 79 when she enter , we see wall cover in clipping and photograph of Bobby : headline from the NY Times , LA Times , London Times and pravda . cover from life and time magazine . we pan past article proclaim he triumph . ( Fischer dominate at skopje ) . 70 's hard rock kick in . doc - style : we're in a hall ( 7u' rock cont . over ) 80 Bobby be be interview . bobby ...- the Russians be afraid of I , man . they have avoid I for year . ( a big grin ) they can run but they can not hide ! a scrum of reporter bear down on he . reporter Bobby , you be the first american ever to reach the interzonal semis . how do it feel ? be you afraid ? Bobby freeze . he stare at all the people yell at he . bobby I have nothing to say to you ... the word he mom teach he year ago . bobby ( cont 'd ) i_ have nothing to say to you !! 81 82 83 84 85 yellow revision 10-11-13 60 . in_ she room , Regina add another article : " Fischer withdraws from Monaco . " we intercut between article and mini-scene of Bobby 's long road to the championship . in a natanya HOTEL room ( 7u' rock cont . ) 81 Bobby work out with weight as Lombardy watch skeptically . lombardy 23 ... 24 ... push . push ...! 25 ! Bobby be waste but he will not stop . bobby one more set . he begin another set . Lombardy start again at " 1 " . omitted 82 doc - style : in a tournament hall ( 7u' rock cont . ) 83 radio announcer ( v.o. ) today , rise american chess champion , Bobby Fischer win he twentieth consecutive game ... a world record . Bobby write " mate " on he scorecard . the player opposite he have be crush . Bobby hand the pen to Lombardy . doc -style : outside the tournament hall ( 7u' rock cont . ) 84 Bobby be surround by female fan swoon over he . Bobby 's loving it . he turn to Lombardy . bobby you sure we can not stay here a couple more day ? Lombardy grin . Bobby be enjoy the fruit of stardom . in a HOTEL room ( 7u' rock cont . ) 85 Bobby lie in bed , listen to a tape recording . the cult preacher be understate but authoritative . like a father . yellow revision 10-11-13 61 . cult preacher ( v.o. ) the tide of history be change , friend . God 's plan have leave they behind , so they plot to take the world away from God ... Lombardy pass by in the hallway , look in . lombardy what be you listen to ? bobby the worldwide Church of God . this people be into some heavy shit . cult preacher ( v.o. ) they will do anything in they power to destroy we . if we have any hope of survive , we must expose they before the whole world ... Lombardy walk out , shaking he head . 86 doc - style : in a park ( 7u' rock cont . ) 86 another interview . bobby I mean , what do we really know about radiation ? icbm be ? there be lot of thing we government do not tell we . Regina add a article : " Fischer boycott fed for 2nd time " 87 back to the park ( 7u' rock cont . ) 87 a interviewer speak to he , off - camera interviewer ( 0.s. ) so , Bobby , when do you last see you mother ? bobby ...- uh ... have not see she in a few year , actually . 88 in the moscow apartment 88 as Regina tack up the latest cover of Bobby 's face . it 's as if she can hear he be interview . interviewer ( 0.s. ) and you father ...? 89 90 91 Green revision 10-14-13 62 . in the park 89 Bobby 's eye flash . bobby look , I think you want to talk about chess . he summarily walk out of frame . in the moscow apartment 90 Regina look deep into she son 's eye . a HOTEL hallway 91 that same face . Manic mode . give order . bobby -- what would Vancouver come back with ? marshall they have agree to let you approve the lighting . bobby good . what about the clock ? the bhb model with the button on top save two second on each move . marshall Flying they in from Germany . Green revision 10-14-13 bobby and the placement of the table ? marshall they say there 's not enough room in the hall . bobby that 's bullshit ! tell they I insist on a ten foot radius . marshall but if there be not enough room -- bobby I say , tell ' em ! now ... what about the money ? marshall they will not budge . bobby then I will not play . marshall Bobby -- bobby do you read time magazine ? ( quote ) quote . Bobby Fischer be change the face of chess , single - handedly make it the fastest grow sport in the world . unquote . ( more ) 63 . 92 yellow revision 10-11-13 64 . bobby ( cont 'd ) you know how much Joe namath make ? $ 250,000 . that 's 12 k per game . and he 's never win a single championship . I be EIGHT time U.S. champ . you know what I make ? marshall so what you be say be you want to play for the jet ? Bobby sense Lombardy 's gaze , turn to he . bobby ... what --? lombardy just wonder what any of this have to do with chess . at the end of the hallway , fan be wait . bobby ( to Lombardy ) gotta pen ? Lombardy oblige ; a fan hand Bobby a autograph book . bobby ( cont 'd ) tu jeux aux echec ? the kid nod eagerly . Bobby grin . bobby ( cont 'd ) better not be good . I do not need any more competition . the fan be thrilled as Bobby sign with a flourish . int . the same brooklyn diner - day 92 early 70 's music . Joan be in booth , anxiously smoking a cigarette . Marshall be already talk as he sit down . marshall Joan , I be between three airport and hell . I have ten minute in New York to see my wife , kiss my kid and talk to you . how the hell have you be ? you be look great . joan I have to see he . every time I call , they say he phone be break . yellow revision 10-11-13 64a. marshall that happen . pink revision 10-01-13 65 . joan you mean he break they . I want to take he to see a doctor . marshall that just will not be possible . he 's already in Vancouver ... Joan , it 's be a while since you see he , right ? joan over a year . marshall I can tell you he 's in great shape . Joan open she purse and produce a pile of letter . joan every week he letter get more crazy . go ahead , take a look . marshall they be private letter to you Joan . I respect he privacy . Joan stare at he . her face harden . joan I show they to a psychiatrist friend . he say Bobby be display sign of delusional psychosis . marshall chess be a crazy world . some of the thing he say about the Soviets be true . in tunis we find listen device in he hotel room ... joan ( read ) ' the Communists infect my mind with word that just keep repeat 's . Marshall blanch . he 's not entirely without conscience . joan ( cont 'd ) ' the Jews be help they too . the Jews want to keep the chess federation all to themselves just like they own New York and own and control most government in the world ’... ( crumple the letter ) we be jewish . Bobby be jewish . what do you people say to he when he come out with this trash ? 93 yellow revision 10-11-13 66 . marshall Joan , I swear this be not just about the title anymore . it 's about the beauty of the game he 's play . ( look around ) out of all the crazy stuff -- such unimaginable beauty . a Da vinci . from Brooklyn . once every five hundred year ... grandmaster be watch Bobby play with tear in they eye . joan well , I have tear in my eye too ! head turn . Marshall check he watch . marshall Joan , I will take care of he . ( touch she hand ) I will make sure he life do not get too crazy . ext . vancouver tournament hall - doc -style 93 madness . Reporters and photographer converge on Bobby , caption : Vancouver interzonal , May 1971 . radio announcer ( v.o. ) today in Buenos Aires , american chess star -- Bobby Fischer -- beat Russian grandmaster tigran petrosian in the semi-final of the World chess championship ... Marshall and Lombardy try to shield he as they hurry down the step of the hall . Bobby be wire as hell . vancouver reporter Bobby , with this win you be guarantee a shot at the title . how 's it feel ? bobby pretty good , pretty good . vancouver reporter the Russians be say you do not have a chance against spassky . any comment on that ? yellow revision 10-11-13 66a . bobby okay , okay , I be make this up as I say it , right , so it might not come out so good ... cameras roll and flashlight pop ... vancouver reporter 2 hey Bobby , big angry look over here ... Lombardy gently urge Bobby forward . Marshall hold back . 94 Green revision 10-14-13 67 . bobby I just crush petrosian six - and - a - half to two - and - a-half . they know what I be go to do to spassky . ee ee * vancouver reporter Bobby , a crazy look over here .... * Lombardy push Bobby toward a wait limo . bobby they be scared now . that 's why they bugge the phone in my hotel room . murmur among the press . Lombardy shake he head . bobby ( cont 'd ) they point thing at my window from * across the street . I would not be * surprised if they be bugging I right now . sometimes I hear stuff * buzzing in my clothes . I have even hear they can listen through the filling in you tooth . Lombardy push Bobby into the car . a reporter follow . vancouver reporter 2 petrosian say he be not well . that 's the second Russian who get sick ... bobby sick of I sure as hell . laughter . Bobby grin . his mood swing be grow stronger ; suddenly he 's have the time of he life . flashbulb pop . int . limo ( traveling ) - same 94 Bobby be grin . Marshall put a arm around he . marshall Bobby , Bobby , Bobby ..! lombardy congratulation , kiddo . marshall Wide World of Sports be offer a * segment , cavett want you , and -- * be you ready ...? Mike wallace call . Mike wallace . " 60 Minutes , " Bobby ! yellow revision 10-11-13 67a . bobby yeah , well , about time ... I do not want to be distract by a bunch of press , though . i'1l do the big one . marshall great , great ... only -- when we do this show ... just go easy on the ... bugging ... and the tooth . bobby whaddya mean ? I be tell the truth . people love that . marshall I know , I know . you just need to be careful . some thing you say , they can be misinterpreted . people get worried when you talk like that ... bobby people ? what people ? marshall it do not matter ... which of this interview do you want to do ? bobby no ... you say people be worried . what people ? marshall nobody . I think cavett would be a great idea -- bobby -- what people ? Green revision 10-14-13 68 . marshall eee wee Joan . bobby you talk to Joan ? when ? do you talk to she on the phone ? do she call you ? marshall eeeee I be in New York . we have a cup of coffee . bobby you met with my sister without tell I ?! you talked about I with my sister ?! marshall she call I -- bobby you think I be a child who need to be talked about ?! marshall I be look out for you best interest -- bobby do not lawyer I ! marshall I be try to help you ! bobby don't lawyer I ! you be have conversation behind my back ! with my family ?! do I ask you to do that ? why would not you tell I about that ? who 's work for who here ? there be a hundred more of you , you know , just wait in line . 95 96 yellow revision 10-11-13 69 . bobby ( cont 'd ) stop the car ! marshall Bobby , we be about to get everything you have ever want .... bobby stop the car --! the car stop . Bobby jump out . Lombardy turn to Marshall . lombardy I will walk he back . ext . vancouver STREET - moment later 95 Lombardy catch up to Bobby and they walk in silence for a moment . then : lombardy b6 to El . after a moment ... Bobby respond . bobby k4 to qp4 . lombardy p4 to p5 . they walk on . for the moment Bobby be back on track . int . vancouver HOTEL restaurant - later that night 96 Marshall be eat alone . marshall so ? lombardy he 's back in he room . he sit down opposite Marshall . marshall be he okay ? yellow revision 10-11-13 70 . lombardy he 's in there listen to that tape of he . marshall be not it some kind of God squad ? lombardy that people have as much to do with God as you do . marshall I would have think you would approve ... he lean across the table . marshall ( cont 'd ) should we get he to see a someone , a psychiatrist . lombardy never happen . marshall we have to try . ( look at he ) the concierge tell I he ask for the tv to be remove from he room because he think the Russians be watch he through the screen . lombardy maybe they be . marshall he also believe they be go to try to blow up he plane . lombardy he just need some sleep . what good would a doctor do ? marshall he could give a diagnosis ... he could give he a pill . the two man stare at each other . lombardy and that would be like pour concrete down a holy well . 97 yellow revision 10-11-13 70a . ext . OPEN prairie , russia - day 97 boris spassky ride a stallion bare - chest . he be a man at ease . reaching the crest he pull up . below a lada wait . the sight of the car break the spell . boris trot over to where livo nei lean on the car , smoking a cigarette . nei 's presence mean there be news ... 98 99 100 Green revision 10-14-13 71 . int . JFK arrival - day - doc -style the press pack await the flight from Buenos Aires . Lombardy emerge from arrival , follow by Marshall . radio anchor ( v.o. ) Bobby Fischer -- the first american in history to reach the final -- arrive in reykjavik today .... Bobby emerge ... with a brown paper bag over he head with eye cut for hole . cameras pop ... the real madness have begin . int . bobby's brown bag we be inside the paper bag . frantic breathe , the bag suck in and out . the press be scream , " you have never beat spassky . why do you think you can you beat he now ? " radio anchor ( v.o. ) after month of negotiation , Fischer will now face the current World Champion boris spassky . int . joan' suburban home , live room , new york Joan be get she kid ready for school . the radio be on . radio anchor ( v.o. ) the Fischer spassky final will be televise world wide -- Joan 's son come run up the path . radio anchor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- and be already be bill as the decide battle in the war of idea between East and West . Joan 's son burst through the door , breathless ... joan' daughter mama , there be man on the lawn . Joan look out and see the press pack gather on she lawn . 98 99 100 * yellow revision 10-11-13 72 . dick cavett ( vo ) lady and gentlemen , my next guest be US chess Champion at fourteen and a grandmaster at fifteen -- 101 omit 101 102 int . tv studio - moment later 102 dick cavett -- and now he 's hope to become chess Champion of the whole world , lady and gentlemen , Mr Bobby Fischer ... Bobby be sprawle in a chair , look by turn shy and cocky . cavett so where do a chess player live ? bobby I do not live anywhere . hotel mostly . cavett in the past , you have make some pretty strong charge against the Soviets , accuse they of , of ... bobby cheate . Bobby grin . laughter . cavett glance at he audience ... cavett cheate be the word I be look for ... more laughter . Bobby be encourage to go farther . bobby cheate . yeah , they have do a bit of that in the past . cavett a opponent once say you be like Achilles without the Achilles heel . do you have a weakness ? silence . Bobby look puzzle . bobby ..- a weakness ?...... no . he laugh easily . his lack of guile can be disarming . 103 Green revision 10-14-13 73. cavett what 's the best moment when you win at chess , what 's the home run moment ? bobby ( he smile fade ) when you break he ego . that 's where it 's at -- cavett react with mock alarm . bobby ( cont 'd ) -- when he see it come and he break up inside . when you be , like , crush the guy ... ( stare into the light ) crush the guy . ( he eye wild ) yeah , that 's where it 's at . the easy grin be go . his smile appear haunt . int . big HOTEL suite 103 Chaos . Marshall be check travel document . a couple of security guy wait by the door . marshall Flight to reykjavik 's at nine . we need to get to JFK by 7 . the noise be compound by music Bobby listen to on a portable cassette player . he be shirtless , do push-up . lombardy do that have to be so loud ? marshall he do not want the Russians to hear which plane we be catch . bobby ( yell over the music ) this group be incredible ! they get thirty percent of ticket sale at they concert . I should get that . marshall ( yell back ) we agree to twenty - five ... Green revision 10-14-13 74 . bobby ( more push - up ) yeah , well it 's thirty now . marshall Bobby . you agree . you sign . bobby yeah , well , I change my mind . thirty or I do not go . the room fall silent . the other have ' tell you so ' face . he stare , marshall if I ask for thirty , they will say you be scared to face he . bobby do not try that psychology crap on I . without I no one outside Russia would know this thing be happen . I be the light shine on this game . ( stand up ) all of you be here because of I ... I be a hundred per cent of the reason - - no , that 's wrong -- spassky be the reign champion -- I want thirty percent for he too . ( pace ; manic ) but understand one thing : I do not just play for myself . I play for chess . triumphant , at Marshall -- who nod , conciliatory . marshall I will call they from the airport . ( to the other ) okay , people , we need to get pack . Lombardy take Marshall 's arm , lead he into the next room . lombardy he tell I he do not want to go to Iceland . marshall he want to go . lombardy he do not know what he want ... Green revision 10-14-13 75 . marshall but you do . Lombardy just stare at he , fume . marshall ( cont 'd ) look , my job be to get he this match . how about you do you job ... lombardy what 's that suppose to mean ? marshall get he ready . help he win . lombardy what have I be do for three year ? marshall baby he . cater to he bullshit -- lombardy keeping he from crack up be more like it . this may be hard for you to comprehend , but he 's a person , not a meal ticket or a political symbol or a instrument of US foreign policy . marshall I be so sick and tired of you sanctimonious bullshit ... if you do not have the stomach for this I suggest you go find a church , get down on you knee and thank God you do not live in Russia . lombardy what if something happen ? marshall like what ? Lombardy glance through the open door at Bobby , who have turn off the music and insert a home - make tape of the worldwide Church of God . Lombardy do not want to give voice to he worst fear . lombardy --- I do not know . Marshall shake he head and turn back to get ready . Green revision 10-14-13 76 .* Lombardy head into Bobby 's room . the worldwide Church of God come from the tape player . cult preacher ( v.o. ) -- and when you see how the tide of history be change , friend , you see how desperate they be . lombardy can you turn that off for a second ? bobby what 's up ...? lombardy Bobby . if you do not want to go , then you should not go . a long moment as Bobby stare at he . bobby I think you want I to win . lombardy I do . too much , maybe . but I think ... all the pressure ... be ... bad for you . bobby I be cool . Lombardy have to say it , whatever the consequence . lombardy ... you need help . bobby what kind of help ...? oh . you mean psychology . you think I need psychological help ?! you know who invent that , right ? the Jews . I do not need anybody 's help . I do not need the Jews ' help , I do not need God 's help . and I definitely do not need you help , Father . ( look at he ) when I call you , ' Father , ' I think , like , he 's not my dad . be that what you think ? that you be my dad ? lombardy I do not think I be you dad , Bobby . ee ee Green revision 10-14-13 76a . bobby you be not my dad because I do not have one . you know what you be ? you be a loser . you could not beat spassky so why should I ? you quit so you want I to quit . be that it , dad ? you will feel better if I turn out to be a loser ... like you ! Lombardy stare at he , then start out . Bobby be immediately contrite . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( call after he ) hey , I have be work on a new variation on the indian Defense , wanna take a look ? lombardy later . in the hotel room , Marshall have overhear the tirade . marshall Love how you handle he . Lombardy pick up he bag . marshall ( cont 'd ) we be not leave for half a hour . lombardy ( fight back emotion ) ..- I will ... take a later flight . he leave . Bobby appear in the doorway . he fh hk 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 yellow revision 10-11-13 77 . bobby where 's he go ? marshall Jesus have leave the building , pal . we be on we own . ext . military airfield - gate - moscow 104 a Zil limo with a Soviet flag enter a military compound . they be escort by police car with flash light . in the back seat sit boris , geller at he side . a kgb guy sit at he other shoulder . boris look like a prisoner . ext . JFK airport - curbside 105 a limo pull to the curb . Marshall and the security guy jump out . then Bobby appear . he look like a hunt animal . int . moscow military airbase 106 boris be march through the airbase . one kgb guy carry he coat . another carry he suitcase . int . JFK terminal - upstair hall 107 Marshall , Lombardy and the security guy hustle Bobby through . ext . moscow military airbase 108 boris board a aeroflot jet . Russian soldier salute . geller salute back but boris just stare . int . JFK airport 109 Bobby and the other ride up a escalator . at the top of escalator 110 suddenly journalist spot Bobby ... JFK journalist there he be ! Bobby shove Marshall aside , turn , and run back down the up escalator . ext . JFK airport 111 Bobby leap into a taxi . bobby drive , drive !! a112 112 yellow revision 10-11-13 Bobby sink down out of sight as the cab pull away . we hold on he face , eye darting , as we hear : johanneson ( v.o. ) lady and gentlemen , it be with great pleasure that I welcome the world to we little island -- ext . reykjavik ( to establish ) int . national theater , reykjavik , iceland 78 . a112 112 caption : National theater , reykjavik , Iceland , July 1st 1972 . johannesson -- for the most important sport event in history . join we today be the distinguished ambassador of the Soviet Socialist Republic tbd , and ambassador tremblay of the United States of America . a jostling crowd , news crew from around the world . the crowd applaud the icelandic Prime Minister , johanneson . he nod to US ambassador tremblay and he Russian counterpart . johannesson ( cont 'd ) also the great match adjudicator from the World chess federation , lothar schmid ... schmid thank you , Prime Minister . I be honore , but confuse . I be always lead to believe that chess need two people for a game . unfortunately , so far , we only have one . boris spassky be sit with livo , nei and geller . schmid ( cont 'd ) happily , we Russian friend have manage to get here on time . we be indeed honore to have with we the World Champion , comrade boris spassky . applause as spassky smile shyly and wave . schmid ( cont 'd ) however ... it seem we american friend have manage to lose they famous Mr Bobby Fischer ... he turn to US ambassador tremblay . the crowd boo . 113 114 115 yellow revision 10-11-13 79 . schmid ( cont 'd ) one hope they be not so careless with they nuclear weapon . the crowd laugh . the Soviet ambassador smile at tremblay , who whisper to a aide . tremblay Son of a bitch . where be he ? aide Mr. ambassador , we have a problem . omit 113 int . the fischer apartment - dawn 114 as if freeze in time . strip of aluminum hang from the window . chessboard be set up but cover with dust . Bobby sit alone at a chessboard . int . national theater , reykjavik , iceland ( doc - style ) 115 US ambassador tremblay be waylaid by journalist . icelandic journalist Mr. ambassador , be Bobby Fischer 's behavior affect US / icelandic relation ? icelandic journalist # 2 ( v.o. ) there 's talk of the icelandic parliament ask for the removal of the US Air Force base -- icelandic journalist be it true Fischer have demand two million dollar to come to reykjavik ? tremblay I love chess . the world love chess . we be here to celebrate chess . ( to a aide ) tell I Fischer be on a plane . the aide look like he 's about to throw up . tremblay ( cont 'd ) get he here ! even if you have to use a damn tranquilizer dart . pink revision 10-01-13 80 . 116 int . the fischer apartment - night 116 the apartment be in shadow . Bobby dial the phone . bobby joanie , where the hell be you ? 117 intercut - joan' bedroom 117 Joan 's in bed beside she sleep husband . joan hello ? bobby joanie ? joan Bobby , be that you ? where be you ? bobby .-- I be here . joan in Iceland ? bobby no. here . Home . joan you be in New York ? bobby have to get away from they ... joan Bobby , be you okay ? bobby the whole world be pull at I , joanie . joan stay there , baby . i'11 come in . he 's a lonely little boy in a scary world . bobby ...- they be ask I question , make I do stuff . so many people . crowd I . I can not think , I can not think about chess . 81 . joan I be come now . you stay there . Bobby hear a clicking on the phone . bobby you hear that ? they be listen . they be always listen ... at that moment there be a heavy knock on the apartment door . bobby ( cont 'd ) they be here ! they be come to get I , joanie ! joan oh , Bobby .... the knocking get heavier . someone be break down the door . Bobby whimper . finally the door fly open and Marshall enter , accompany by two heavies we have not see before . marshall hey , pal , we be worried about you . Bobby confront they with fist clench . Marshall gently close the door and give a slip of paper to one of he man . the guy go to Bobby 's phone and begin to dial . bobby hey ! you pay for that call ! marshall Bobby , why would you run away ? bobby ( a speed rap ) I change my mind the money 's no good they be charge five buck a ticket the hall hold eleven hundred , twenty - four game max ... that 's 132 grand ! they should be pay I more we be capitalist , right ? marshall Big news . just get we a extra 125k . it 's like Marshall be gentle a escape animal . marshall ( cont 'd ) some English chess nut . want to see you play so bad . the guy on the phone nod , hold up the receiver . pink revision 10-01-13 82 . marshall ( cont 'd ) but it 's not just I who want you to play , Bobby . there 's someone on the phone want to speak to you . bobby my mom ? marshall better . Henry Fucking kissinger . Bobby stare at the phone in disbelief . marshall ( cont 'd ) Henry kissinger ! on you phone . in Brooklyn ! pretty amazing , huh ? Marshall gently take the phone and offer it to Bobby . bobby you be joke I . marshall want to speak to you on behalf of the President . Bobby look around where the Communist Party use to meet . he think he see the banner hang as it once do . marshall ( cont 'd ) all this year you have be talk about America . now you be America . take the phone . Bobby take the phone and put it to he ear . kissinger ( 0.s. ) hey , Bobby Fischer ... Bobby take a breath , almost sob . kissinger ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) this be the worst chess player in the world talk to the best . the President and I want you to do you duty for you country . what do you say ? Bobby be at a loss for a moment . then focus . bobby I guess I will go do my duty . sir. 70 's rock music kick in . yellow revision 10-11-13 83 . 118 ext . fischer apartment , night ( music cont over ) 118 Marshall emerge , check the street . a bread van be park nearby . two heavies emerge on hurry he into the van .. marshall no limo . we travel in disguise . bobby I will accept one seven five US . that 's the deal , right ? half in cash . the door slam shut and the bread van roar away . a119 ext . manhattan tunnel ( 2nd unit ) a119 the van head toward JFK . BBC announcer ( v.o. ) this be the BBC World service . american chess grandmaster , Bobby Fischer , be believe to be finally on he way to Iceland for -- the announcement become a italian broadcaster ... italian announcer ( v.o. ) -- he match with boris spassky . it become a cacophony of radio commentary in various language that Bobby be on he way . 119 omit 119 120 omit 120 121 intercut : man-on-street interview : ( music cont over ) 121 a bus driver Fischer be to chess what Ali be to box . I love he . a long -haired hippie -- least there 's one reason to feel good about America , you hear I ? 122 int . manhattan chess club - same ( music cont over ) 122 Father Lombardy watch a small tv , he emotion roiling . 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 yellow revision 10-11-13 84 . int . JFK airport baggage tunnel ( music cont over ) 123 Men in dark suit escort Bobby as he step out of the van . int . regina's moscow apartment - day ( music cont over ) 124 on a black - and - white tv , a grainy image of Bobby emerge at reykjavik airport . Regina be watch . the announcer be Russian but we recognize the name ' Bobby Fischer . " intercut - a montage of news commentator ( music cont over ) 125 John chancellor , walter cronkite , Harry reasoner -- all in breathless anticipation of the match . a tv soundbite ( music cont over ) 126 as Bobby arrive in reykjavik . bobby this thing with I and spassky . instead of bomb we be have it out with little piece of ivory . ext . iceland - day ( music cont . over ) 127 a police car speed down empty icelandic road . Bobby sit in the back with Marshall , stare out at the bleak landscape . they arrive at the same house we see in the open shot . int . granite country house ( music cont . over ) 128 Bobby enter , take in the beautiful decor . marshall five bedroom . pick any one you want . place even have a sauna . Bobby be incredulous .... and move . bobby this be the first house I ever live in . intercut - tv soundbite - archival - ( music cont over ) 129 CBS News be all over it . eric sevareid ( on tv ) a chess craze be sweeping the nation . sale of chess set have triple in the past week and store literally can not keep they in stock ... Green revision 10-14-13 85 . 130 various image - archival - ( music cont over ) 130 kid play chess at home , in school , in the park . 131 int . granite country house , bobby's bedroom 131 Bobby be on he knee search for listen device . a gentle knock on the door and Lombardy enter . bobby hey , they say you be not come . Bobby look wire , sleepless -- but he vulnerability be so compelling . Lombardy be full of emotion but he cover it . lombardy I be you second . they look at each other . Three year have forge a deep bond between they . bobby thank you . Father . lombardy anything I can get you , Bobby ? bobby yeah . help I check for bug . this cheater ' 1l do anything to get I . 132 int . granite country house , live room 132 Marshall be signing contract when Lombardy enter . marshall could not stay away , huh ? I get it . yankee be play for the pennant and you have get a front row seat . Lombardy just look at he . * 133 134 a135 b135 Green revision 10-14-13 86 . marshall ( cont 'd ) a billion people around the world watch two guy play chess . President Nixon have have a tv put in the oval Office . ( light a cigarette ) World War III on a chessboard . we lose China . we be lose Vietnam . we have to win this one . ext . national theater , reykjavik , iceland tv crews report in they own language . the only word we understand be ' Bobby Fischer ' and ' boris spassky ' ... caption : July 11th 1972 . game one. ABC commentator this be ABC 's Wide World of Sports bring you live coverage of the World championship of chess ... boris spassky arrive , look relaxed . News camera shoot he as he step out to cheer . no sign of Bobby . ABC commentator ( cont 'd ) best of 24 game . each win be worth a point , each draw be half - a-point -- the chess version of a fifteen round heavyweight prize fight . int . national theater , playing hall utter stillness . schmid -- the adjudicator -- look at the big clock above the stage . boris sit erect in he chair , refuse to be psyched out . the crowd be grow restless and slow hand clapping begin ... int . national theater hallway - continuous as Bobby approach the stage , the SOUND of clapping grow louder . he stop . on the stage flashbulb signal Bobby 's entrance ! some applause , some boo . as Bobby stride across the stage , spassky hold out he hand but Bobby walk right past he . he greet schmid , then wave to the crowd . 133 134 * a135 b135 pink revision 10-01-13 86a . then Bobby seem to notice spassky for the first time , smile . bobby boris ! 135 136 137 138 139 87 . he lurch over , stick out a hand . bobby ( cont 'd ) how ya be ? good ? you look good . spassky be wrong -foote . do not know if he 's be fuck with . a blizzard of flashbulb as they shake . schmid now we come together for the draw of the color . boris take two pawn , black and white , in he close fist . boris choose ... we now follow the word ' choose ' as it travel West . int . brooklyn chess club , new york CITY 135 carmine and other watch raptly . boris choose ... int . white house , oval office , WASHINGTON 136 through a half open door , we see the back of the President and he adviser watch tv ... boris choose ... int . kremlin , presidential sanctum , moscow 137 President brezhnev be watch as well ... boris choose ... int . national theater , playing hall , stage 138 Close on boris 's hand open in slow -motion . schmid Mr Fischer choose black . Mr spassky will begin . Bobby and boris 's eye meet . the applause crescendos . int . national theater , playing hall , stage 139 silence . 140 141 a142 b142 142 143 Green revision 10-14-13 88. Bobby and spassky sit absolutely still . Fischer 's thumb and forefinger push he lip into a contemplative grimace . boris move he knight to King 's Bishop four . int . national theater , viewing gallery the adviser look down on the stage . Bobby make he move . a whisper pass among they . Lombardy make a note . int . national theater , playing hall , stage time -cut . a large screen above the stage show the move . Bobby study the board . int . national theater , viewing gallery Lombardy and Marshall stand together . marshall so far , so good ... lombardy they be both follow the nizmo . a draw in the open game be fine . back to the stage behind he , Bobby hear a official shift he weight . a piece of paper crinkle in he hand . bobby could you hush ... the official look puzzle . Bobby try to concentrate . a few cough . Bobby look at the audience and imitate a particular cough viciously . a few snigger . then ... a low buz , whirring noise from behind he . bobby's perception the sound of a camera be like the rip of a buzz see . a electrical panel buzy . the cough of the audience be magnify as if in a TB ward . int . national theater , playing hall , stage back to normal sound . Bobby try to concentrate . can not . bobby what be that ? boris slump back in he seat . some eye roll . 140 141 a142 b142 142 143 pink revision 10-01-13 88a . bobby ( cont 'd ) that buzz buzz buzz ... schmid cock a ear . schmid it be just a camera . bobby buzz , buzz , buzz . Jesus . Bobby get to he foot and begin to pace . the crowd begin to whisper . he turn on they ... 144 a145 145 Green revision 10-14-13 89 . bobby ( cont 'd ) could you all shut up ? could everyone stop ? silence . then a deliberate cough from some teenager . bobby ( cont 'd ) jesus ! ( to schmid ) cough , buzzing light . cameras everywhere . I can hear they roll . you be gonna have to do something ... a couple of people in the crowd dare to boo . int . national theater , viewing gallery 144 Lombardy and Marshall share a look . a inauspicious beginning . nei turn to geller . geller he be deliberately try to unsettle boris . help he . Lombardy see nei leave and decide he too must go down . int . national theater , staircase a145 Lombardy and nei race down the step , two at a time . int . national theater , playing hall 145 nei be speak to schmid . * Bobby look out at the sea of stare face . bobby we have to get rid of the camera . ( point to a curtain ) behind there . I can hear they ... schmid * they be just tv camera . * bobby and there 's something wrong with the light .... ( look at the board ) it 's too dark ... I can not see what anything be . he look out into the darkness . * Green revision 10-14-13 90 . bobby ( cont 'd ) and the audience . schmid what 's wrong with the audience ? bobby they gotta move back . then spassky abruptly make he move . schmid Mr. spassky have make he move . bobby ( point ) and up there ... you do not hear what I do ... Lombardy look up into the light . hear nothing . 146 bobby's perception the buzzing of florescent light sound like a swarm of wasp . 147 int . national theater , playing hall , stage Bobby swing he arm around , try to shake it off . finally he return to he seat . spassky study he dispassionately . boris you do not look so good Robert James ... Bobby lower he head , look back to the board ... 148 omitted 149 omitted 146 * 147 148 149 Green revision 10-14-13 91 . 150 int . national theater , playing stage 150 Bobby try to concentrate . a chair scrape . he look up , distract . look back at the board . the SOUND of someone talking in the audience . he look up again . with each distraction , Bobby be more unsettle . a cough sound like a cannon , a squeak be a scream . Bobby 's eye dart furtively . he reach for a piece . 151 int . national theater , viewing gallery 151 Lombardy return to the gallery as Bobby move he Bishop . lombardy he 's invite spassky to exchange . ( study he note ) I hope to God this be a trap . spassky make he move . the Russian adviser all scribble . lombardy ( cont 'd ) spassky 's take the invitation . 152 int . national theater , playing hall , stage 152 Bobby be in the throes of a full - fledge anxiety attack . his heart be pound , he breathe rag . spassky know it . he be a vulture attend he prey . Bobby be a slow-motion train wreck . the distraction begin to profliferate -- each one exaggerated , the sound magnified . a series of rapid cut -- like a deck of card shuffle . Bobby be fight for he life . he can not take it a moment more . he reach out to make a move ... 153 int . national theater , viewing gallery 153 lombardy ah shit .... 154 int . national theater 154 we see the move on the large board . a gasp from the crowd . 155 156 157 158 159 a160 160 Green revision 10-14-13 92 . ABC commentator * that move will hit the front page of * every newspaper in the world tomorrow in brooklyn 155 * carmine close he eye . in long island 156 Joan shake she head . in moscow 157 Regina clutches she chair . anchor -- because Bobby Fischer have make a huge mistake .... int . national theater , playing hall 158 suddenly , onstage , Bobby leap to he foot ... bobby I can still hear the camera ! ( turn to the curtain ) I want this people out of here ... Bobby yank the curtain and drag two tv cameramen , blink , into the light . the crowd begin to laugh , other jeer . bobby ( cont 'd ) they be whisper ! ! the crowd begin to boo and then slow hand clap . schmid ... first game go to ... boris spassky . the scoreboard read : spassky 1 Fischer 0. int . national theater , behind the stage 159 Bobby stalk away in a fury . he head downstairs . int . national theater , stairway a160 Marshall and Lombardy race downstairs to catch up to he . int . national theater , ping pong room 160 Marshall and Lombardy manage to catch up to Bobby in a small room use as a recreation area : a drink machine and a ping pong table . suddenly the noise of the auditorium disappear . al61 161 162 a163 163 pink revision 10-01-13 93. marshall it 's just one game . one point . you will take he tomorrow . twelve - and -a-half point be a long match . Bobby be breathe hard -- but then he stop and look around . lombardy the reporter will go after spassky . we can slip out another way ... Bobby be stare around in wonder -- study the bare wall . marshall Bobby ? be you okay ? bobby it 's quiet in here . Marshall and Lombardy look at each other . they think Bobby be be crazy . later we will learn he have just find the answer to he problem . int . the white house , oval office al61 watch tv , the President throw he pencil in anger ... ext . national theater - night 161 boris spassky leave to a hero 's reception . some wave Soviet flag . the crow push against the glass as they pull away . omitted 162 ext . reykjavik STREET - night ( second unit ) a163 Bobby 's car head home . int . bobby's car - same ( poor man' process ) 163 Bobby , Lombardy and Marshall ride in silence . when Bobby speak , it be oddly detach , as if talk to himself . bobby the board . when I look at it , I see nothing . it 's always be ... I do not know ... alive . ( shake he head ) with that move , I try to make it come alive . I think ... maybe I could make it ... alive again . jolt it . it 's never happen before . I do not get it ........ he close he eye . Lombardy and Marshall look at each other . a164 164 pink revision 10-01-13 93a . ext . reykjavik STREET - night ( 2nd unit ) a164 boris ' limo head home . int . limo , traveling ( poor man' process ) 164 boris and nei settle into they seat and the car pull away . boris remove he sunglass . he look deeply weary . Green revision 10-14-13 94 , nei he break apart at the first hard blow . boris he shot himself in the the head . for no reason . nei you load the gun . boris stare thoughtfully out of the window . boris my chess teacher teach I .... a man who be prepare to commit suicide always have the initiative . 165 int . granite country house , hallway 165 Lombardy bring Bobby a dinner tray . as he enter , we hear another recording of the worldwide Church of God . cult preacher ( 0.s. ) ... we know the truth of history , friend , you and I . we see they everywhere , work through they bank and corporation , through politics and the media ... lombardy you should be prepare for tomorrow instead of listen to this garbage . bobby you really do not get it , do you ? this be not about I , or spassky , or even Russia and America . this be about power , absolute global power . lombardy Bobby -- bobby you think they care about chess -- wooden piece on a board ? ( he eye be wild ) they run everything . behind the scene , pull string in secret ! now I know who they be . Marshall have enter during Bobby 's rant . 166 Green revision 10-14-13 95 . marshall who ? who run thing ? lombardy ( wearily ) he 's talk about the Jews . marshall the Jews ? what about the Jews ? bobby they have be there from when I start play . they have always be there . Lombardy shake he head and walk out . marshall you get you ass hand to you today . if you do not get you head in the game , you be go to be humiliate in front of a billion people . Bobby be madly scribbling something , hand it to Marshall . bobby give they this . he usher Marshall out and slam the door . int . granite country house , live room Lombardy be study Bobby 's disastrous move in game one as Marshall enter . lombardy what he do today make no sense ... marshall ( hand he the note ) unless the rest of the game be play without a audience and without camera he be not go to show up . 167 168 Green revision 10-14-13 96 . lombardy * ( read the note ) * he will only continue if the game be * play -- ( a disbely pause ) -- in the ping pong room ...?????? marshall * he say it 's the only place that 's quiet . he look up at the ceiling . we hear the muffle recording . marshall ( cont 'd ) and he want a different board . * say the marble make too much noise * when he set the piece down . shit. shit. shit . the kid have the world in the palm of he hand and he 's throw it all away . ( think ) it 's like you say about morphy . chess be destroy he brain . lombardy chess be not destroy Bobby . * marshall then why the crazy demand ? it 's like he want they to say no . I think he 's afraid of what happen if he lose . lombardy I think he 's afraid of what happen if he win . int . national theater , playing hall 167 the audience sit in stunne silence . boris step onstage but there be no applause . he sit down at the chess table . Bobby 's seat be empty . caption : game two. ext . icelandic hill 168 a pastoral idyll . we find Bobby play around , laugh with a icelandic pony . he run with it , stroke its mane . 169 170 171 172 173 pink revision 10-01-13 int . national theater , playing hall boris sit perfectly still . schmid hit the clock and the countdown to Bobby 's forfeit begin . the audience do not move a muscle . suddenly the door to the auditorium open and all head turn . but it be only a match official who freeze in he track . the clock tick . ext . icelandic hill Bobby ride he bike through the hill . it 's the most carefree we have ever see he . int . national theater , playing stage boris 's clock hit zero . a sigh from the audience . schmid Mr Fischer fail to show . Mr spassky win by forfeit . the scoreboard change to : spassky 2 Fischer 0 . schmid read from a type sheet . schmid ( cont 'd ) accord to federation rule , Mr Fischer have 24 hour to indicate in write that he wish to continue . ext . icelandic hill Bobby be on he knee . a pony come and lick he hand . Bobby check he watch ... schmid ( v.0 . ) otherwise , Mr Fischer will be disqualified and Mr spassky will be declare World Champion . int . saga HOTEL , boris spassky's room - later spassky be alone -- pace -- listen to radio commentary . radio anchor ( v.o. ) what a disappoint turn . expert be say the match be spassky 's , regardless of what happen now -- livo nei enter , carry a bottle of champagne . 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 pink revision 10-01-13 98 . radio anchor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- a two point advantage be consider practically insurmountable . a message card be tie to the bottle . nei read it aloud . nei from comrade brezhnev . he send congratulation on you victory . boris Victory ? nei open the bottle and pour two glass . nei if comrade brezhnev say it be a victory -- ( toast ) -- it be a victory . ext . granite country house ( repeated scene ) 174 we repeat the scene that open the movie -- the granite house at dawn . the police car approach . int . granite country house , bobby's bedroom - dawn 175 the scene continue where it leave off : marshall Bobby , please ... get dress , comb you hair . a long pause . finally , Bobby look up at Marshall . bobby ping pong . Marshall 's face turn to stone . marshall I will report you word to the President of the United States . you have betrayed you country . May you rot in hell you crazy son of a bitch . Marshall leave . Bobby look ... almost content . int . saga HOTEL , boris' room - early morning 176 boris be pace , play six board at once . he wear pajamas . in he anxiety and fast movement he resemble Bobby . 177 178 Blue revision 9-24-13 99 . BBC announcer ( v.o. ) the world chess championship look to be end in humiliation for the american , Bobby Fischer , whose demand that the game be hold in a store room have lead to widespread ridicule . boris check he watch . int . granite country house , outside bobby's bedroom 177 Marshall hold a stack of telex . he knock . marshall I have message from a million people all over the world who want you to open this door . silence . Marshall kneel and shove they under the door . marshall ( cont 'd ) you still have two - and -a-half hour . no reply . Marshall open the door . Bobby be go . int . saga HOTEL , boris' room 178 boris prowl from chess game to chess game , he stop and stare at the empty chair on the other side of the chessboard . boris I know exactly what game you be play and I will not let you win . boris begin to speak to the wall and the furniture . boris ( cont 'd ) I can not win this way . ( to the room ) I know you be listen . you be always listen . he approach the wardrobe and speak with formality . boris ( cont 'd ) Mr bubnov , Mr geller , General Secretary brezhnev , I know you listen device can hear I . he suddenly hurl a chess table across the room . boris ( cont 'd ) I will not win this way ... do you hear I --!! 100 . after a moment , a knock at the door . boris half smile to himself . it be geller , also in pajamas . geller be everything okay ? boris what make you think it be not ? geller ( defensive ) I hear you through the wall . boris I have make a decision ... if I do not beat he , he will escape from this island in one piece . geller pick up the overturn table . geller it 's not you fault the american be insane ... boris he be not insane ! ( shake he head ) if you think that , he have fool you the way he have fool everyone else . boris begin to pace . his manic energy resemble Bobby 's . boris ( cont 'd ) he know if we play I will destroy he . crush he . so he use madness as a excuse to avoid the inevitable . I will not let he slip from my grasp . I have he pin . I be two game ahead . ( yell ) I have he ! boris start to unbutton he pajama top . boris ( cont 'd ) get a message to Fischer . now . this minute . he tear he shirt off and throw it onto the bed . boris ( cont 'd ) I will play he in the ping pong room . I will play he in the toilet if he like . he will not escape ! boris stare at geller with steely resolve . 179 180 181 182 183 184 yellow revision 10-11-13 101 . boris ( cont 'd ) tell he . ext . icelandic landscape a old bicycle on the ground . a icelandic police car approach at speed . Marshall climb out , cup he hand . marshall Bobby !!! ! ext . icelandic moorland Bobby be toss pebble into the water . he hear Marshall . ext . icelandic moorland Marshall be still yell as Bobby appear over the hill . marshall Bobby !! you will not believe it ! spassky have agree to play in the ping pong room ! Bobby pick up the bicycle and Marshall fear the worst . marshall ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you go ? Bobby casually begin to cycle away down the empty road . bobby to the ping pong room . int . national theater , corridor Lombardy , Marshall , and Bobby be walk fast backstage . marshall we have get two minute . omit int . national theater , ping pong room the ping pong table and drink machine have be remove . in the center be a simple table . geller , nei , and boris enter . schmid check he watch . schmid if he be even one minute late , I will fine he . 179 180 181 182 183 184 a185 b185 Green revision 10-14-13 102. then Bobby enter -- wear a sharp suit . he immediately * go and sit down in he seat at the table . * schmid gesture to Marshall , Lombardy , geller and nei. schmid ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... he be ask they to leave . they do . * schmid ( cont 'd ) ( to Bobby ) perhaps you would be gracious enough to thank Mr spassky for acquiescing to you demand . bobby I be so grateful I be go to let he watch I play . spassky understand enough English to understand . he smile . schmid point to a small camera in the corner . schmid only one camera . it do not move . it make no sound . it will relay picture to tv set in every corner of the earth . ( a freeze smile ) so please , gentleman , if can we remember ... the world be watch . as Bobby look around , a slow , satisfied smile begin to soften he face as he revel in the stillness . it be quiet . int . viewing gallery a185 Lombardy turn to Marshall . lombardy ..- do Nixon really call you ? marshall ( a inscrutable smile ) game 's start ... int . ping pong room b185 Bobby reach out to make he first move . d4 . caption : game Three boris react to the move , look up at Bobby , unsettle . * Green revision 10-14-13 102a . 185 int . national theater , viewing gallery nei and geller be stupefy . nei what be he do ? he 's never play this open before . Marshall see they reaction . marshall what 's happen ? lombardy he 's play the benoni . Black . two game behind . it 's suicide . 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 Green revision 10-14-13 103 . in the ping pong room spassky move : pawn to q5 . Bobby capture : pawn take pawn . spassky counter . pawn take pawn . in the viewing gallery Bobby play pawn to q3 . spassky respond knight to b3. marshall he 's give he the center of the board ... lombardy ( to himself ) oh , Bobby ... int . brooklyn diner a hand -written sign read ...' Bobby Fischer sit here , 1961 ' . the crowd watch a grainy image of Bobby and boris on tv . Bobby make a move . the crowd cheer . a voice from the back . customer what the hell be we cheer ? we do not know if it 's good or bad . the crowd all turn and hush he . time CUT -- the ping pong room Bobby and boris exchange piece -- a Rook for a Bishop . then Bobby do the unthinkable -- he expose he Queen . in the viewing gallery Marshall be speechless . Lombardy be incredulous and bemuse . marshall what the hell --? geller and nei look on , hungrily . geller take it , boris . take it . in the ping pong room spassky be clearly unnerve . he sense a trap but can not see it . Bobby 's queen sit expose -- he for the take . 186 * 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 104 . he look up at Bobby , who smile inscrutably . finally , boris can not resist . he take the queen . in the viewing gallery 192 nei yes ! in the ping pong room 193 Bobby immediately counter -- take spassky 's Bishop . this precipitate a bloodbath : piece after piece be take ina vicious chess version of a knife fight . finally , the smoke clear and both man study the carnage . int . ' four continent ' russian book store -- brooklyn 194 the clerk and she husband be glue to the tv . bookstore clerk a draw . in the viewing gallery 195 geller a draw be good . we be ahead . in the ping pong room - moment later 196 spassky study the board . look up at Bobby . boris ( in English ) you accept a draw ? Bobby slowly shake he head . no draw . slowly , almost sadistically , he reach out and make a move . spassky go white . in the viewing gallery 197 they watch as spassky make a move -- which Bobby immediately counter . another move . another counter . Bobby be now bully spassky across the board . geller and nei be become increasingly upset . in the ping pong room 198 spassky study the loom endgame , he face wither . Green revision 10-14-13 105 . 199 int . ' four continent ' russian bookstore - brooklyn 199 bookstore owner it seem the strange little boy have do it . 200 in the viewing gallery 200 Lombardy look over at geller and nei , smile sweetly . lombardy he hate draw . 201 in the ping pong room 201 after a agonizing moment , spassky knock over he King . the scoreboard change to : spassky 2 Fischer 1 . 202 ext . time square ( archival footage W / vfx ) 202 the electronic newsboard announce " bobby fischer win game three . " taxis honk . radio commentator ( 0.s. ) -- the first time Fischer have ever win a game from spassky . 203 int . country house - night 203 Lombardy be asleep when he hear a strange SOUND and sit up in bed . he check he watch . it 's 3:30 be . he walk down the hall . a light spill from under Bobby 's door . from inside , the SOUND be much clearer now : slap . slap . slap . Bobby have be up all night play chess alone . 204 int . santa monica motel , office 204 the Motel clerk and donna stare at he tv screen . caption : game four a businessman enter . the Motel clerk be totally engross . businessman Excuse I . motel clerk ( to donna ) spassky take Bobby 's Bishop . yellow revision 10-11-13 105a . donna so what ? I take he virginity . 205 206 207 208 yellow revision 10-11-13 106 . clerk wait , wait ... Bobby 's make a move . customer Excuse I ... they draw game four last night . clerk we know , asshole . we be watch the re-run . the scoreboard now read : spassky 2 1 /2 Fischer 1 1/2 ext . country house - night the middle of the night again . a single light burn in the upper window we know to be Bobby 's . and we hear a faint but now familiar sound ... slap . slap . slap . int . national theater , ping pong room - next day Bobby and boris take they seat . caption : game five int . moscow apartment - day cigarette smoke swirl . we reveal Regina watch , smoking . on she black - and - white tv , boris stand and begin to pace . int . national theater , ping pong room - same boris wander the tiny room , unnerve . he meet Bobby 's stare -- as if the two be alone in a prison cell . boris sit down without take he eye from Bobby . Bobby be implacable now , totally focus . boris turn to schmid , who be doze in he chair . boris Excuse I . ( schmid stir ) there be something come from my chair . schmid you chair ? boris it be a vibration . 205 206 207 208 209 210 a211 211 yellow revision 10-11-13 107 . schmid a what ? int . national theater , viewing gallery 209 geller and nei huddle in front of a black and white monitor . on the screen , boris be on he knee , examine he chair . geller what the hell be he do ? pray ? nei glance over at Lombardy , who look up with a smile as if to say , ' welcome to my life . " int . national theater , ping pong room 210 boris be kneel , examine the steel tube leg of he chair . boris a sound of some kind -- maybe high frequency , I do not know ... it be affect my concentration ... boris glance at Bobby , who be stare at he impassively . bobby buzz , buzz . int . national theater a211 schmid game 5 go to Mr. Bobby Fischer . the scoreboard change to : spassky 2 1 /2 Fischer 2 1/2 cheer now for Bobby . int . national theater , back stage , corridor 211 boris march away in a fury , he entourage in pursuit . boris ... it be come from the chair ! geller and nei do not know how to respond . boris ( cont 'd ) it be make a SOUND ...! boris see they skepticism . boris ( cont 'd ) have you never hear of watergate ? you know what the CIA be capable of ? ( more ) yellow revision 10-11-13 107a . boris ( cont 'd ) ( stomp off ) I want this chair x-ray ! 212 213 214 215 yellow revision 10-11-13 108 . int . reykjavik hospital , x- ray room , light BOX 212 boris study the x-ray while livo nei study boris . boris do not let they swap it . do not let this chair out of you sight . boris storm out . geller whisper to nei. geller the american son of a bitch have drive we all crazy . omit 213 ext . granite country house - night 214 not quite dawn . a single light burn in the upper bedroom and we know it be Bobby , have be awake all night . int . granite country house , bobby's bedroom 215 the clock read 4:00 be . Bobby sit in a chair , stare into space . on the table before he be a unfinish chess game . Lombardy knock and enter . lombardy Bobby ? Bobby do not even hear he . lombardy ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) ..- bobby ? Bobby be in some half - awake fugue state . he look up . for a moment it 's as if he do not recognize Lombardy . lombardy ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything ? a hint of recognition come into Bobby 's eye . bobby no . thanks . lombardy it will be light soon . bobby it 's never dark here . Green revision 10-14-13 109 . lombardy ... do you want to talk about tomorrow 's game ? no answer . Bobby just stare out the window . lombardy ( cont 'd ) Bobby , I just want to tell you ... that the chess you have be play ...is ... inspiring . my whole life , I - - Lombardy stop himself . Bobby be not listen ; he 's far away . when at last he speak , he voice be lifeless , expressionless with exhaustion . bobby I use to wish I be bear deaf ... Lombardy do not know what to say . Bobby 's eye be far away . he have want and dread this moment he whole life . bobby ( cont 'd ) it 's funny ... at the beginning of a game there be so many option ... and at the end .... there 's only one . he be talk about more than chess . bobby ( cont 'd ) I want to go back to the main hall . lombardy you be kid . bobby but nobody in the first seven row . lombardy be you sure ? bobby it 's okay . the noise have stop . nothing get through . Lombardy do not know why but he be near tear . there 's something so forlorn about Bobby at this moment . yellow revision 10-11-13 109a . bobby ( cont 'd ) it 's like there 's no one there anymore . ( a long moment ) not even I . he go back to stare out the window . Lombardy stand there , not know what to say or do . finally he walk over , take a pen from inside he jacket and put it in Bobby 's pocket , then back out of the room . 216 int . national theater , MAIN stage 216 applause as Bobby and boris return to the main stage . 217 218 Green revision 10-14-13 110 . Bobby sit , stare at the board . continue to stare at it . slowly -- almost imperceptibly at first -- the room begin to fade around he -- just as in he childhood bedroom . the wall , the camera , eventually even spassky disappear . until it be only Bobby and the chessboard -- which begin to glow as the line of infinite possibility present themselves . Bobby make he move and slap he clock . boris examine Bobby 's move with more than a little confusion . he look up and see no expression on Bobby 's face . Bobby be in the zone . he have reach some kind of absence in which there be only move -- and spassky know it . caption : game six . boris study the board again , then quickly look back up at Bobby with disbelief , then back to the board . int . national theater lobby a ABC commentator be listen to the feed on he headset . ABC commentator do not use jargon ... in plain English just tell I what he 's do ? the people here say he 's play like a wild man . could you ask we chess guy exactly what Fischer be do ? the anchor react to a lose signal . he look to he producer . ABC commentator ( cont 'd ) lose the feed .... I need someone to tell I what the fuck be happen ... int . national theater , viewing gallery Lombardy be watch as if in the midst of a religious experience . marshall ... what be he do ? lombardy there be no name for it . yet . the Soviets be equally speechless . 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 yellow revision 10-11-13 111 . int . national theater 219 spassky finally summon up the will to make another move . without any hesitation , Bobby pounce -- like a panther . a collective gasp from the audience . spassky stare at the move . his world be fall apart . int . brooklyn chess club 220 carmine and the other watch in wonder . int . national theater , viewing gallery 221 marshall what the hell be that ? lombardy ..- it be beyond my ability to explain or understand . across the gallery we catch livo nei 's awestruck expression . int . national theater 222 absolute silence . Bobby be go for the kill , crush the fly . serene . he make he move . boris blink once . he look up at Bobby . Bobby 's eye be still , he mind empty . a flicker of incomprehension cross boris 's face . then he half smile as he realize he be beat . he knock over he King with a flick of he finger . it fall in slow -motion -- like a building be demolish . omitted 223 int . national theater , viewing gallery 224 Marshall applaud wildly . nei get to he foot too and applaud . geller glare at he . Lombardy applaud , fill with emotion . int . joan' live room 225 she and she kid be jump up and down , clap . 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 Green revision 10-14-13 int . moscow apartment Regina fight back tear . int . brooklyn chess club the chess player be go wild . ext . time square ( archival footage ) Cars honk , pedestrian cheer . int . national theater silence . then ... boris get to he foot and begin to applaud . Bobby be at first confuse , then astonished . int . national theater 112 . for one last , delicious second , Bobby be in the safe , quiet , zone . then a wave of SOUND hit as the audience applaud . Bobby cringe , then slump in he chair like a puppet with its string cut . the crowd applaud even more as they see boris acknowledge the beauty of the game Bobby just play . ABC commentator Bobby Fischer have just win game six and he opponent boris spassky be actually on he foot , appl aud . people applaud wildly ; the anchor have to raise he voice ... ABC commentator ( cont 'd ) grandmaster never , ever applaud a opponent 's victory . but I guess this be something -- ( be at cheer crowd ) -- no one have ever see before . omit int . national theater the crowd erupt as Bobby emerge and head down the stair . a mass of humanity surge forward -- crowd he , touch he -- everybody want a piece of he . we sense Bobby 's panic . the scream , the flashbulb , the face , the hand reach for he . it 's all too much . 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 113 . then a face in the crowd -- it 's Regina ! -- but it can not be . she 's in Moscow . Bobby look again but she 's go . bobby Mom ! he frantically look around . then another face -- Joan ! of course she , too , could not possibly be there . bobby ( cont 'd ) joanie ! and then .... be that uncle Paul ? no , that 's impossible . Marshall and a couple of he guy usher he into a limo . int . limo - continuous 233 Bobby sit in the back as the limo move slowly through the crowd . fan pound on the glass but he look straight ahead . over this a caption : Bobby Fischer go on to beat boris spassky 12 1 / 2 - 8 1/2. ext . limo - continuous 234 the limo make it way through the cheer crowd . suddenly , amidst the crowd , Bobby catch a glimpse of the telephoto man -- who have spy on he since he be a child . he lean back out of sight . he never try to defend he title and no other american have ever become world champion . ext . WASHINGTON park , winter blizzard 235 the cheer be replace by the sound of a howling wind . Bobby walk alone in the snow - blast park . he stop at one of the chess table and wipe away snow with he sleeve . his descent into insanity be swift and permanent . he stare at the empty square . interview soundbite 236 bobby ( v.o . ) -- it 's a worldwide jewish conspiracy -- mossad , the defense industry and the media . secret government project use micowave to monitor we brain . 237 238 239 240 Green revision 10-14-13 114 . alienate the world with he bizarre behavior , he US passport be revoke and he live in exile , eventually become homeless . interview soundbite bobby ( v.o . ) 9 - 11 , man . wonderful news . time for the fuck U.S. to get they head kick in . show you that what go around , come around ... WASHINGTON square park Bobby stand up from the table and slowly walk off into the blizzard ... until he disappear ... and all that we see a white screen that resolves into : slow-motion mock -archival footage ( high school gym ) be : Bobby at the height of he power , play 20 board at a time , he movement graceful , passionate , full of life . Bobby Fischer die in 2008 and be bury in reykjavik , Iceland , the site of he remarkable triumph . interview soundbite a smile Bobby sit on a bench in Washington Square . bobby chess and I , we be pretty intertwined . I do not really have much else in my life right now . maybe someday I '1l spread out a little . for now , though , I would like to be world champion -- ( a slow smile ) -- and then keep it for , say , twenty year . yeah . close on Bobby as a big grin spread across he face . fade out . 237 238 239 240