" payback " " parker " screenplay by Brian crisetand bas . q the novel " the as | by Richard Stark July 14 , 1997 for educational purpose only " darker " fade in : ext . citygate sridge - day a cool , fall day in the city translate to freezing on the C - G - B . Cars rumble and roar in pummel , uninterrupted stream . the wind howl , but the bridge defy it all . so do the lone man walk across . parker . his own solidity and tension match that sof the bridge . one tough sonofabitch . angry ; coo . . his wear , unpress gray suit coat flutter behind he . arm swing easy as he walk . headed to the city . a bridge away from complete a journey back from the dead . CUT to : ext ./ int . subway hole - day move with parker as he enter and start down the step . the sunlight disappear , replace by fluorescent ... turnstile parker move forward . without break stride , he swing himself up and over a turnstile , continue toward the platform and board a wait subway car . it 's door slide shut od - '' ae CUT to : % ext . downtown subway statog '' - day downtown . parker exit se station , blink against the harsh light . he looksut he leave , start to he right . a panhandler seemingly fit , he sit on the sidewalk , he upturn hat set at he foot . the pedestrian be xrce around he in a wide arc . occasionally , one pause to drop some change , a dollar bill into the nat . parker walk in this directicn . he pause alongside the panhandler , reach intc the hat , take out $ l . $ 2. ard . realizing , the fanhandl 2 . throat with he middle and parker casually poke back down , gasp . forefinger . the fanhan parker take cne last dollar , continue cn he way . CUT to : int . grimy storefront diner - day at the counter , parker finish all but the crust of a piece of apple pie , then downs the last cf a cup of black coffee . the counter girl step forward to refill it . parker cover the cup with a hand . no thanks . she can see he 's a bastard , but maybe that 's what she like about he . counter girl can I get you anything else ? parker look to a open pack of marlboros by the register . parker bum I a cigarette . she get cne , give it to he . parker twist cff the filter , pat himself down for match . counter girl you can not smoke in here . : parker get a light ? she look at nim a beat , then flick a li across the counter to get the cigarette she lean parker what do I owe you ? counter girl two ninety -eight . parker stand , drop the t 51 's on the counter and start out . at the regres 4s a tray with pennie in it . parker stop icng enoug} take two - he change . she watch he go , srs gqss under she breath . gS CUT to : ext . financial district - day pack with the lunch crowd . parker stand out of the way . watch face . Men 's face . one after the next , he study and then dismiss they . then he spot ... with edward jchnson g remarkable about quite a bit like parker . he , except he isok , but again , generally better dress , use speak , like parker . as Edward johnsor . continue , parker walk straight into he almost knock he down . - parker ( sharply ) watch it . stun , Johnson mumble a apology , but parker continue , deftly slide Johnson 's wallet into he pocket . CUT to : int . CENTER STREET bar - day the barman and he one customer look up from the bar as parker stride in . ignoring they , he push through the door into the men' room . it slam shut behind he . men' room parker wash he face , smoothes he hair by run wet finger through reaching into he pocket , he put on a tie . wetting finger again , he stroke down he pants leg , force in the approximation of a crease . he try to rub a stain from he = disappear . ke a bum either . wetting a paper zowel shirt . no go he button nis jackec he 's no rocke= xr , but he do not look he get out the wallet . thirty - five buck , visa card , gas card , social security card and . a picture of the wife and kid . parker read the ss# to himself , close he eye , remember it . last , but not least , the driver' license . the big difference between partrer and Edward Johnson be the open grin on jchnson 's license whoto . parker study it , turn to the mirror , site soit look like it hurt . 2 N he run the license undér}che faucet , slap on a electric hand dryer . he nold ' zhe icense under the blower . S int . CENTER STREET bar - say athroom and head for the door . the lcok he way . parker exit barman throw 4 this be n'c toilet , pal ! parker look back , start cover . the barman crab a nightstick from under ba parker reach into he pocket , slap 5 down on the bar . the barman register the 's face , back against the bar . barman um , uh , that will do fine . parker look at he a beat longer , then stride out go . the barman breathes a sigh of relief . patron ( mock ) uh , that will do fine . barman fuck you . int . first bank branch - downtown - day parker slide he license and visa card in to a teller . the license be beat - up , but not ridiculously so . anyhow , she only compare the two card together , not to parker . as she punch a computer keyboard , parker look about the bank . the security camera , the door to the vault , the height of the flexiglas wall , the guard half - doze by the door . we can see he think about it for a seceond . the moment be break as the teller smile up ac he . teller Mr. Johnson , I will need the last four digit of you social security number . letting he thought die , he# answer without hesitation . parker it check out . s$ ide back the credit card , license . for the first tima_we see parker wear 4 wedding ring . limit be three you cash hundred dollar . st the cash ... as she be uo int . men' clothing store - day a clerk lcok on as parker stand in front of a mirror ina new suit . he lcok sharp , but not obvious . parker I will take ic . clerk excellent , six . and how will you be pay ? parker ( straighten he tie ) credit card . ext . men' clothing store - day parker exit in he new dud , carry he old clothes and shoe in a clear plastic garment bag . he drop this ina trash barrel and continue on he way . close on a credit card magnetic strip reader a hand swipe Edward Johnson 's card through . ext . stereo store - day parker exit carry a vcr . oy al - agyo 2 parker enter with @ivc . a bus wipe we to : it xt . ext . pawn shop # 1 - day parker exit without the vcr , but count out $ 100 cash . int . jeweler be - day parker point out the watch he want . ext . pawn shop # 2 - day parker 's pull the watch cff he wrist as he enter . a store - say ext . compute : parker exit with a portable computer in a carry case . int . pawn shop 53 - day parker wait across the ccunter as the broker look the computer over . broker I will give you eight hundred for it . parker look through the glass counter at a row of handgun . there be two beefy look .44 Magnum revolver both mark $ 500 . he tap he finger on the glass . parker let I see this . the broker unlock '' case , set the gun cn the counter . parker pick up the first , feel the weight in he hand . then he check the action , slap the cylinder open and shut . finally , he shake he head . no good . as the broker put it away , parker try the other . this one he like better . guy definitely know he gun . parker five hundred and the Magnum . broker beat ) have < 5 see some I > deal. though . as parker fish out Johnson 's wallet and license . int . steak house - wzcuz_ os its behind the remain of a big 's he money on the table . as he che $ 20' ... in a dark booth , par ! steak dinner . he '' set down the las parker two thousand twenty . ripple through S suit jacker . parker gather the cash into a meat stack it with thumb , then stow it inside | the waiter step cver with he credit card . o '' ( annoyed I be sorry , sir , this card 's be cancel . parker T. it again . the waiter start to say he will not , but the look parker give he shut he up . he head off to run it again . in no hurry , parker wipe he mouth with he napkin , stand and then stroll right out of the restauranc . CUT to : ext . brownstone - night the street desert . then a burn coal , a puff of smoke rise from the shadow entrance to a walk - down apartment . parker be here . he 's watch the building across the way . a taxi pull up and a girl get out . lynn . look a little drunk as she head toward the building parker watch . int . hallway - brownstone - night Lynn come off the stair walk down to the door to she .apartment . she unlock it , step inside . as the door start to close , parker come off the stair after she . he 's get the gun in he hand . int . front door - lynn' apartment - night oblivious , Lynn click the door shut . she take hold of the safety chain , poised_to set it in place when ... the door slam cpen , stumble back , land on she ass . parker shut i sty ast she and disappear inside . 8 move with 2g as he quickly search the apartment for anyone else . lynn it take a moment to get she bearing , but Lynn 's about to go for the door . then she realize he 's back , watch she . she know he ; she 's scared to death . parker consider a moment , the then shove gun in he belt . parker get up . | she just blink at he . int . parker sit at the table . coffee grounds . kitchen - lynn' apartment parker make some coffee . CUT to : - night Lynn 's at the stove plunging the she pour it black , bring it to he . she set it down , but as she step back , he grab she wrist , turn he look at she ; she look away . to the stove , parker take it to show needle syack mark . he let she go . she go keep she back to he as he sip he coffee . parker where 's Val ? lynn go . move cut two month ago . parker where ? lynn I do not know . another sip , > sat a cigarette . = who mae rent ? lynn va parker why ? lynn a pay off , =I guess park you guess ? con = you know ? lynn she get a good tight grip on the coffee pot . kitchen turn , Lynn fling the pot at parker . he just duck under it as : hot coffee and glass explode against the wall . Lynn grab a steel knife sharpen rod and continue the attack . the first shot catch parker in a block forearm . as he catch hold of she , the second shot glance off the side of he head . parker stagger . she come after he , whacks he across the back . finally , he tie she up . as she struggle : lynn you get a lot of nerve come here high and mighty ! do you bring you whore with you ? do ' you ?! she get a arm free , start slapping he . he finally slam she up against the wail , hand just beneath she throat . she settles a bit , start to cry . lynn I be glad you be not dead . be not that stupid ? parker reach into a pocket , pulis ouc a dog-eare photograph . we co not get a good look , but it 's he and a semi-focus girl in a compromise position . he hold it in Lynn 's face . anger sing , she spit at it . par : po ) look at the key look at it ! the photo have cne of t camera imprint date in the corner . as Lynn fcc on q - parker before we meet , baby . think abour it . ize , go slack . some big mistake have be as Lynn real : : x we have no idea now cig . make here , parker chair . parker she look away , god ... release she . she watch he , 's back , he lean against a mow replace anger . lynn what be you go to do , parker ? fling the chair against the wall , wheel co she . parker I be go to get my money back ! ( realize ) you mean what be I go to do to you ? ( after a bear ) it depend on you . where 's Val ? lynn I tell you I do not know . I do not even know if he 's in the city . parker what about the syndicate ? Val buy he way back in ? do nod . parker how do you get you pay off ? rst of every a envelope parker tomorrow . what time ? ixst be lynn around noon . ( be : photo , a whe 's be she eo " er I drive wal be éz & be she minder . parker . parker no . you sell my body instead . o int . ilynn' bsedroom - ni Lynn enter in front sf parker . she watch as he tear the phone cord from the wi . ie go to the dresser where a cell phone rest . he pick i= up , smashes it to piece . then he start go through drawer , the closet . she just watch . finaiity , he go back to a wooden BOX on the dresser . open it to reveal a tourniquet , syringe , spoon , candle and heroin . parker cold turkey , Lynn . you be clean up . she leap forward , try to take it away . parker shove she back on the bed . parker now , save I the trouble of tear the room apart . she know exactly what he mean . she stand , point back where she be just sit . parker reach under the mattress , pull out a chrome .38 . she look at the gun , back to he . there 's something significant about this gun . : parker a year down in costa rica . that 's wnat 2 figure that money be go to buy we . Said with disgust in she and himself . parker stride out . hallway parker close the door . tipping over a bookcase , he wedge it between the door and the yy lock she in . bedroom '' listen to the so Lynn slide off the bed to the floor , quietly cryi to nerseif . CUT to : int . shower - lynn' apartment - niget st fine . he close he not stream pound the back of irom Lynn . scald , but it sui eye , lean forward he head and neck , : his body be hard , rangy . he leave upper back , tne marry int . lynn' bedroom - night Lynn 's get the shake as she find a pair of steep platform in the closet . she twist back a heel to reveal a second syringe & smack kit . dissolve to : int . - live room - morning the sound cf traffic outside . parker 's asleep on the sofa . the Magnum and .28 on the coffee table beside he . he stir , wake with a start , remember where he be . int . hallway - lynn' apartment - morning parker pull away the bookshelf , knock once . parker Lynn ? no answer . he enter . lynn' bedroom Lynn in bed wear a pretty nightgown . a tourniquet and syringe hang from ner leave arm . parker stare from the doorway , know she 's dead . finally he step over , turn she head toward he . her eye be open in death . he wipe they shut with he hand . parker slowly twist off he wedding ring . he pull the syringe from she arm , pin the ring to the wall with it . then he move around the bed , lie down beside she . hand behind he head , he stare at the ceiling . as he remember , it start with a phone ringing , voice . undy orc Val want ey ik to you . ps the camera move in on parker . Lynn 's body leave 8 lynn' voice sorry , baby . want I to tell he cs call back ? as parker 's be irame . _ ___ . 13. parker' voice '' give I the shine . int . darkened sedroom - night CUT to : it 's Lynn 's bedroom , but she way it use to look . back in the old day , when she care how it look , when she be not on the junk . wearing just jockey short , parker hang up the phone , stand there think . Lynn , moonlit in bed , sleepy but gorgeous , look to parker 's back . no bullet scar there ... yet . lynn so ? what do Val want ? parker he 's get a line ona job . lynn you be think about it or you would not have get cut of bed . parker he want to buy he way back into the syndicate ... Val 's a coward . need to be around other coward . he can not hack it as a independenc . lynn stop think about Val . come over here and think about I . he look at she , feel sudden desire like a worm twist low in he belly . he stop think about Val , do not see the come on . parker move toward the bed . she rise to meet he . as they fall back on the bed ... CUT to : ext . bank - san fe D - day a briefcase . han ota to a ponytail chinese courier who exit a bank \ith a chinese bodyguard , a dragon tattoo on he neck . . '' héy get in a sedan with a chinese driver . as they pull q ; traffic ... whip pan to : rno > across th STREET 's at a lunch counter . he 's be watch the nrough che glass . parker chinese with he , all nerve and slick good look , be val resnick . he wolf chinese ' food . val same crew . " the chow . " twice a week . Tuesday and Friday . always between 11 and 12 . always the same route back to Chinatown . parker how much in the case ? val anywhere from three hundred to half a mile . parker how much do you need , Val ? val we split it 50 - 50 -- parker no . how much do you need to buy you way back in ? val do you mean ? you mean the si I , uh ... a hundred parker stare across at the bank . ' Val chew he bottom lip , worried . parker do not say anything for too long . val ( back to sell ) beauty of the chow be they will not go co the c . they keep thing in rousegy ey -- pb , you notic no about that guy , V. ry val ° they look nasty . probably all kung fu motherfucker . ( a beat ) why ? do I miss something ? — ce parker they dai wear they seatbelt . ( a beac ) we hit them on Friday . parker turn , start away . Val look after he , smile . dissolve to : ext . STREET - san francisco - day we hear a radio voice talk " a beautiful Friday morning . " a primer gray ' 74 chevy nova roll down the street . '' . , ad I parker behind the wheel . Val beside he . neither say a word . the inside of the chevy have be cage with welded ' steel bar . like the inside of a stock car . parker 's eye narrow at something ahead . as Val hastily , yank on he seatbeit ... ext . STREET - day the sedan with the chinese be come . down the street in the opposite direction . 35 mph . the chevy maybe 40 . as they near each other ... cc. : parker swerve the chevy ypectly into the sedan 's path . head -on. crash ! the gis be brutal . only a moment passe '' bpicre parker 's . climb out cf the chevy . bolt cutt eq hand , he head for ... the sedan the chinese be bloody , moan mess . the driver 's dead . parker lean in where the rear passenger side door have pop up and nearly off . as he set the boltcutter on the courier 's handcuff chain , the bodyguard begin fumble for he shoulder holster . then Val be there . he crab the bodyguard by the back of he tattooe neck , begin violently and excessively slamm he head into the front dash . parker cut the chain . '' vat Val get in a few last , unn from the sedan with the bri essary shot as parker stride case . a third car pulis up with Lynn drive . parker get in the driver 's side . Lynn slide tc the middle . parker reverse nard back , pull alongside val who still slam the guy 's head . finally , Val hurry over laugh . parker give he a look then tear away . the rubber- necker be only just arrive . int . garage - day ' . uynn 's car be park inside . parker smoke a cigarette , Val lick he lip in anticipation as Lynn count out the take . as she finish ... lynn one hundred and forty grand . val apiece ? - lynn - total . Val blink at Lynn in disbelief . val seventy grand ... that 's not enough . os riss che next Lynn start to scoop up fyker 's share into a bag . ' par ! 1 be for I . <= six month off parker keep a eye on , obviously do not like the way he 's act . as Val pace ... val I 'mup short . sixty short . slant . we should have hit they Tuesday ... fuck . parker ependent get what he mo take what he get . mber cone , Val . Val stop pace , eye parker . val yeah . rule number one . parker put it in the car , Lynn . as she cross back behind he with they share , parker keep he eye on Val who 's look twitchier than ever . parker be not shy about rest he hand on the revolver shove into he belt . parker something wrong , Val ? val no. everything 's cool . it just be not enough . parker it never be . good luck , Val . ( eye on Val ) open the garage door , Lynn . a beat . parker hear a revolver cock back behind he . garage - new angle Lynn point a chrome .38 at parker 's back . surprise for the first time in year , parker glance back . lynn sorry , parker . but none of it be enough . parker stare back at Val ws smile , then shrug . a ) I kinda figyre it would not be . boom ! boom ! iynn sx 's fire . hit twice in the es. parker go down . the next =wo shot miss , slam th wall . parker his back already crimson . iynn 's foot step past hii vai 's foot step up to he . sunlight stream in as the garage decor be open . manage to look up as Val kneeis beside he . val Bet you get a lot of question rattling in you head . a car door open , slam . the engine turn cver . ( Lynn ) . Val pull a crease photo from a pocket , hold it in front of parker 's face . it 's he , half - dress , asleep in bed with a half - naked unidentified woman . ( we see it better this time ; the photo parker show Lynn . ) : val Lynn do not understand . but they never do , do they ? Val flick it at he , rise . parker 's eye slowly follow . Val smile down , kick he in the head intc ... blackness over it , we hear a dull boom , boom ... CUT back to : parker sit up in bed . still alongside Lynn 's dead body . the booming be somecne knock on the front door . parker look at a clock on the dresser . a little before noon . entryway - lynn' apartment shove the Magnum in he belt , parker look through the peephole . peephole Pov punk messenger I do not get ail day , miss parker . int . front door - lynn' apartment parker open the door . the punk Messenger 's surly smile turn to a unsure frown . punk mes . uh , be miss farker = parker Mrs. parker . the punk Messenger try =o peer around parker . punk messenger whatever . parker e no . not whatever . } _ parker . I be she husband . punk messenger be she here ? parker come on in . punk messenger parker grab a handful of shirt , fling he inside . entryway / mouth open wide , hand splay , the punk Messenger slam face first into the wail . build hallway parker check ts make sure there 's no cone else out here viding shotgun . then he step back in the apartment , close the door behind he . entryway of recovering , the punk messengéy , draw a holster glock . parker slap it out of neggrine . jam he face - first hand , he pat down he ash and two balloon of parker spin <h against the wa pocket to find heroin . parker wave the enveicpe in he face . a two g parker ( be : baiicon ) and in here ? punk messenger heroin . parker I know what it be . what 's it worth ? punk messenger {surlier stilt ) five grand . maybe six . parker toss the picking on a side table , go through more pocket , find cigarettes , a lighter and a waller . he light up , check the punk 's wallet . pockete a few $ 20' , he turn the punk around . parker tell I where Val resnick be . punk messenger fuck you . parker wrong word . cear the nose ring out , right through punk . Messenger writhes ... parker ( loom ) Val resnick . ry dessencer £ he . parker grab ho i es loody nose , straighten the punk Messenger up . 4h 8 ing to realize he plight . q parker then wi give you the envelope ? punk messenger please . they will kill I . parke e ko 21 . what do you = worry about I . I be gonna do ? punk messenger stegman . Arthur stegman . parker where do I find he ? punk messenger South end taxi . farragut Road . let go of my nose . ext . south end taxi - day a white , clapboard shack with a big plate- glass window in front . half - a- dozen cab park around . parker step up , head for che front door . int . dispatch desk - south end taxi - day a railing around a radioman at the two -way . it 's slow because he 's read the paper . there 's a ratty couch on one wall and a close door lead to a room in the back . the radioman look up as parker enter . parker I be look for Arthur stegman . radioman he be not here . maybe I can help you . parker you can not . where do I find he ? radiomaick , I be not sure . '' '' ae {steppi closer ) ry ) take a gue ioman whac ? parker about where he be . take a guess . vy nv rom che radioman . the parker stop across think he may be look at radioman :s iust star real trouble . parker be he home ? radioman go fuck yourself . he go back to read he paper . parker reach out , pull down the paper till they make eye contact . parker you be make a mistake , pal . the radioman stand , loom above parker . he 's a big man . they go nose to nose as the radioman lean in . radioman you be the one who 's make the mistake , pal . int . back room - south end taxi - day six men sit around a table play poker . one of they be a big cop ( det . hick ) , the other a florid - face man who sit in the best chair . they look over as the door open and radioman step in . parker 's behind he . radioman clutches he ear . blood run down the side cf he head . chasten , we can only guess what happen . radioman {to florid-face ) there 's someone here to see you . parker I be look for se in . flori = - who the hell ay uu ? B , R my name 's yer . det. hick rise , gut spi no over 4 brook bros. suit . a badge and gun cn ris beic . refer to radicman : hick yeah ? well , parker , that iook like assault to I . '' with a smalier , hard - face man aiso rise . he sport a badge and gun as well . this be det . leary , hick ' partner . leary I get a feel he 's the kind who like to resist arrest . as the cther man ( tough -look driver ) rise , parker reach into he jacket . parker you boy do not want to play with I . I be a sore loser . hick and leary exchange a look , be about to draw iron . fplorid -face fuck no ! not in here ! Jesus , guy ! he fust want to talk ! ( to parker ) be I right ? do I call it ? parker you stegman ? florid face / stegman maybe . what do you want ? parker you boy do not make he delivery . parker toss the heroin balloon on the table . stegman scoops they up , cbviously not something he want =c share with the other . especzally hick and leary . hick whoa , Art ... stegman ( stand ) deal I out . o ; ( to parke ) we will talk qyside . qhey artie , < be a dealer . stegman forget about it . hick and leary laugh . stegman start for the deor , pass parker who 's still no the other . 24 . ext . end taxi - day stegman exit , follow by parker wno 's just stick the Magnum back in he jacket . they cross to the sidewalk . kide play across the street . hick stand watch they from the shack picture window . ' stegman , you can start talk any time . parker ' I be look for Val resnick . you be go to teli I where he be . stegman no . even if I know , the answer would still be no . where would you meet up with my delivery boy ? parker / . at he drop . stegman be he dead ? '' parker no . but she be . ode on that garbage you have be send . stegman so what do you care ? '' parker I be she husband . stegman register the gongpy tok in parker 's eye . cman you be iadr fuck kill I . ss parke watch ux mouth . around here . there 's kid stegman do not know what to say to that . parker 's scary . parker where 's vai ? 25 . stegman zdo n ' : know . that 's the truth . parker just stare at he . stegman this stuff get deliver to I , too . last night . I will not see anyone again till next month . parker why all the trouble ? stegman he 's scared of the girl . of Lynn . that 's how it look to I . parker he must have leave you a way to get in touch with he . stegman no . he say he would see I around . parker continue stare at he . stegman glance back to see if hick be still watch . he 's go . stegman start to unravel just a little . stegman look , I do not know nothing about this . I know Val from the old day . Three month ago he show up and ask I to do he this favor . < I pick up a extra three C 's a month . what the neil ? parker 's answer to what the neil be to just stare at he . stegman now you come around and = about kill I . that buddy of Val 's I 'm.got . the city . that 's I parker : how do you ieggetnac ? steman he say 5 when he come around . Said he sqware himself with the syndicat Said he be back in the big time . back for good . parker take a step forward , almost whisper : parker sim parker 's back , < co . m parker 's back and he be money . tell want parker start away leave stegman ractle . stegman when would I tell he ?! be not you listen to I ?! parker continue walk . stegman watch after he . CUT to : ext . the oakwood arm - day respectable look . understate wealth . eleven storey high with two l-wing jutting back . a cab pull up anda chick name pearl get out . a blonde asian hooker , Pearl 's wear a conservative coat . the s-inch steel stiletto heel give she away . follow she past the doorman , through the revolve door and inside . int . lobby - oakwood arm - day two tough , but reasonably respectable look men sit read the paper in the lobby . they both look up as Pearl enter . more than check she out : it 's they job . the manager watch from the desk as she step over . int . 7th floor apartment - oakwood arm - day Dean Martin on the stereo . the phone ring . a man i dragon kimonc , he back to we , step over 5 answer it . man talk to I . '' er' desk there 's 4 no lady to see you , sir. he€yame be Pearl . the man curn sagggoeie tt 's Val . a big grin . val she 's get two bad habit , but I be only interested in one of they , send she up . int . lobby - oakwood arm - day the manager hang up the shine , look at Pearl . manager apar=cment 728 , miss . she turn on she heel , head for the elevator . the two tough man exchange a know look , go back to they papers . int . 7th floor apartment - oakwood arm - day the phone ring again . Val step in to answer . val senéd she up . what 's the problem ? voice Val , it 's haskell . sorry to call you at home , but -- val do not be sorry , sweetie . just do not call . voice I think it might be important . there 's a knock at the door . val shit. hold on a second . Val set the phone down , open the door . slap ! Pearl backhand m m across the mouth . as she tug on the black leather clove she 's just put cn . pear , ( chinesg lection ) on you knee you bitch . =f want i I be she slap he again . pearl you call I mistress Pearl , you piece of dog shit . he hit she back . hard enough to knock she down . 28 val I '' on the suck shine ! Val stomp over , pick the receiver back up . val make it quick . voice I get a call from the cab guy out in Brooklyn . he want to get in touch with you . val do he tell you what it be ? voice 1 he say to tell you Lynn be dead . he say some guy have come around talk mean and want you . that 's all he say . I think you cught to know , Val . val you do right . I want to talk to the son of a bitch . ~ voice stegman ? val no , President Clinton . of course stegman . varrick 's , by the bridge . twenty minute . Val hang up the phone . concern crease he face . dean martin ( on the stereo ) that 's amore .... as he turn , Pearl be there . she knee he in the groin . ext . varrick be og be : - early evening under the Cross gea Bridge . a neighborhood place . int . varric . - early evening stegman sit nervous in a booth , with a pitcher of beer and two ' glass . he look up as Val arrive . stegman hey , Val . < I be fust -- val what do he look like ? stegman uh , um , dark hair , blue eye , a real cro-magnon look bastard . Said he name be parker . the name hit Val like a bag of rock . reeling , he sit . val no ... it could not be . stegman pour Val a beer , slide it over . stegman I will tell you something , I would not want he after I . : val ( look over ) what be I , a nobody ?! I get friend ! all I have to do be point ! I pick up the phone , say he name and he 's a dead man ! and this time he stay dead ! patron all around start to look over . stegman keep i= down , Val . huh ? Val try to get a grip , try to calm himselé . val what do he say about I ? ste . he say vue wed he money . not se thing else ? stegman nothing . but I get the feel he would like to kill you . val parker ... Christ ... ( a hard look ) what do you ceil he ? stegman what could = tell nim ? not val you cell he about the money ? the herein ? stegman he have it with he . I just cold he I deliver it . val you do not tell he nothing else ? stegman 's ww ing else . Val do not quite believe he . val you give he something . a name maybe . someone who know where to find I . stegman I swear , Val . on my mother I -- val ( grab he ) fuck you mother ! stegman take it easy , Val . easy . Val stare at a man look over from the next table . val the fuck be you look at ?! Val go after the man , but stegman get between they , hold Val back . creas Val , no ! fo itt ! Val ease cf . the m 2 step over a bit tentative . q ager be theré™some trouble here ? stegman we be just leave . with wy stegman pull a wad cf cash from he wallet , =hrows a few bill on the table , smile nervousiy at Val . stegman it 's on I , ' fal . val xy reach '' sr mat fuck wajiec ? ext . varrick be bar & grill - early evening Val and stegman exit . they be meet by two of val' goons who wait by a car . Val eye stegman harder than ever . val if you do not give he any name , why cid not parker kill you ? stegman ( shrug ) I do not know . he must have believe I . val wish I do . you tell he I be in town , do not you ? stegman ( finally ; sheepish ) I have to give he something . Val look to he goons , raese he eyebrow . they know what he want . they grab steaman from either side , force he to the ground . stegman Val , = -- oh. Val ! they force he flat by ty rb . jerk a arm up behind he back , they shove hile th over the curbstone . al I ae u co find he . find Park stegman ' ( eat curbstone ) I would not know how . give I a break . as he struggle , Val rest he fsot on the back cof stegman 's head . stegman 's plea co garble . '' 'o } < 32 . val I be give you a break , you cocksucker . Val apply just enough pressure to crack one cf stegman 's tooth , then ease off . stegman I will cry . itil try . I do n'c know how the hell I will do it , - but I will try . val good boy . Val nod to the goons who jerk stegman to he feer . stegman spit out a chip tooth as Val look up and down the street try to reassure himself . val there 's one of he . I get the whole outfit on my side . what can he do ? stegman nothing , Val . nothing . but neither of they sound too sure . int . popeye be bar - night parker sit across from a skanky look hooker . too much make - up on too many mile . parker I be look for a girl . hook what do you B , ) Zam , big boy , a warermel gy ker she by the name rosie . parker show the hooker the photo . parker and a woman . he 's fold over to take himself out of the shor . hooker a hustler ? I do not know they all , baby . besides , she 's out of focus . par : she would work by telepnone . she would not be freelance . she would be connect with the syndicate . hooker one of Star 's girl . I would not know she . out of my league . parker you might know people who do . parker count $ 1000 onto the bar . her eye widen . hooker why be you look for she ? parker ( flat ) I be she brother . I get cancer . I want to see she one last time . you know how it i the hooker unfold the photo to reveal parker . hooker yeah . right. ( a beat ) get a cigarette ? parker fish out a pack , hand she a butt . hooker you sister sound expensive . try Andre , the ght concierge at the regai hotei . she reach for the dough . parker cover it with he palm . . p , Andre 's no not name I be look for . q S hooker * q e only one I get . he leave she $ 100 , take she watch after he , £ he rest of he cash and split . shes she drink , then he . CUT to : int . lobby - oakwood arm - night Val enter from the street . he head cover to the two tough man sit : by . as they look up . I be expe Dark hair , tough look , a real cne man son c= a bitch . keep you eye cpen . 1st tough man sure , Val . Val start for the elevator , then stop and look back . val either of you guy see phil come through here tonight ? 2nd tough man he 's upstairs , Val . be upstairs all day . int . 3rd floor hallway - oakwood arm ~- night Val pause at the door to 312 , knock . after a moment , the door open a inch to reveal a girl 's blue eye , strand of blonde hair . val hi . she do not answer . val um , = want to talk to phil . tell he val resnick . the eye look Val up and down . we just catch red lip as , with disdain : girl voice 1 tell phil you be here . the nall . Val wait , the door close , leave hj : fumble fcr a cigarette . 9 time all the way . Val just fean move away . the door open agai : catch a glimpse ca come girl voice 35 . int . apartment 222 Val follow she in . she walk ahead across the live room , amusing in a red bra and pink toreader pants . more upscale than Val 's Pearl . her back to he . girl Close the door . phil will be out in a minute . Val . watch -her ass . val do I know you ? reverse angle as she cross the live room . rosie . barely five foot tall , delicately bone , but tougher than she look . she may be the girl in parker 's photo . without look back : girl / rosie I do not know . do you ? rosie disappear into a bedroom . Val still watch after she as he close the door , mumble grumpily the himself : val know I have see that ass before . stick the cigarette in he mouth , Val pat himself down for a light , can not find one . he look up as phil enter . Middle -ag , cbviously supericr =o Val in the organization , phil wear nothing but a pair of gray slack . a lipstick smudge be clearly outline agginst the skin of he chesc just under the leave nippleg , a vu how ya '' Val ? want a my val sure . thanks . Val follow phil to the bar . phil pour two glass of scotch , hand one to Val , watch as he guip . phil you icok nervous . something wrong with the cperation ? o val no , 20 , not everything 's smocth as silk . phil what then ? Val know what he 's ask be big . val I be wonder if you could set I up a appointment with Mr. fairfax ? phil raise a eyebrow , then shake he head . phil Mr. fairfax be down in Florida . val Mr. Carter then . phil Mr. Carter ... nothing but the best , huh , Val ? sure it be not something I can handie ? val it be not outfit business . not directly . but I need to speak to Mr. fairfax or Mr. Carter . phil I will see wnat I can do . but = have cto know what it 's abouc . Val drop he cigarette , pick it back up . val : there 's this guy ; hej get it out for I . it. he be dead and all ofa adudden he 's around . he! king for I . L and what it you want ? you can not handle this guy yourself ? ( smile ) why not just beat he up like one cf you whore ? val I just need help find he . that 's all . vi . phil who be he ? a crganization boy ? val no . he 's a heister , a hijacker . he 's a independent . phil a independent , huh ? tough boy some of they . he 's get a string with he ? val no string . he 's a loner . phil look at he a moment , decide . phil T will talk to Carter . in the meantime , stick close to you room . okay ? val thanks , phil . phil now , if you will excuse I ... ( be : bedroom ) I have get a little something . val oh , sure . sure thing . Val start for the door , realize he 's get the empty class in he hand . he detcur back to the bar , smile quickly at phil who stand there in the middle of the room wait for he to go . as Val finally exit ... CUT T int . concierge desk - the regal HOTEL - night andre ( be : name tag ) ke across the desk from parker . re prost tien be illegal . and youtsy speak Greek . parker put he $ 1000 down on the counter . parker you get the sultan of oman in the honeymoon suite . he want the best professional lay money can buy . who do you cail ? 38 . andre ( snotty ) the police . parker grab one of Andre 's ear , start to pull . as Andre wince in pain ... parker use word like police and you might make I mad . parker pull harder . Andre rise on he tiptoe . andre usually this matter be eonduct with more discreticn . parker I give discretion up for ient . with he free hand , parker crab hold of Andre 's nose . andre ( gasp ) what be the name again ? parker rosie . just a small little thing . maybe thirty , but look like she 's nineteen . andre and wno snould I say be look for she ? parker release he . parker parker . of o 'a ! Andre pick up the 5 : dias . turn he back , he speak low . pinal ny turn , hold the phone out . @ andre sh ant to talk to you . parker ( take phone} hello ? woman' voice who the hell be this ? it 's parker , rosie . '' : 39 . woman' voice try again , honey , parker 's dead . parker I use to drive for you . provide a safe work environment . remember that flat we get on the Cross - b3ronx Expressway ? woman' voice parker ? as parker slide a $ 100 over to Andre ... CUT to : ext . 298 coyle STREET - night a s-story brownstone . parker head up the step . int . 2 nd floor hallway - 298 coyle STREET - night before parker can reach it , the door open and rosie step out . the girl from phil 's apartment . two step and she 's throw all of herself inte a embrace . she hold a open beer bottle in either hand . parker do not quite know how to reacc rosie welcome back to life , you lovely bastard . pari where would you hear about it ? rosie people who know be talk . plus I hear es wife be back in town alone y R she 's de ROS I be s®¥ry , parker . parker why ? he take a beer from she , head inside . 40 . int . rosie' apartment - nig ! a funky , but enjoyable touch in the deccrac rosie follow parker in . without bitterness g departmenc . rosie surly parker . you be the same as ever . parker stop short at a ferocious growl . stand across from he in the bedroom doorway be one ugly pit bull . rosie step up , clink he beer bottle with hers . rosie meet the nastiest damn dog who ever live . he look like he 's go to go for parker 's throat . parker what 's he name ? rosie " parker " ... as he deadpan , she whistle , cluck she tongue . " parker " settles down on the floor . rosie take over you job after you leave . he 's just as tough , but he will not leave I . rosie 's eye twinkle at he as she take a sip ct beer . parker step over to a row of porcelain frog on a credenza . as he look at they : parker I want to ask a favor . rosix a_faver ? ree u're not the ssamé as '' no quake I be le no for someone . a synd the boy . ro . the cutfit , baby . we do not say syndicate anymore . 41 . parker I do not care wnat you cail ic . '' rosie Don 's get touchy , parker . what 's he name ? parker Val resnick . rosie oh , that sonofabitch . '' parker so you know he ? rosie saw he for a second yesterday , but I meet up with he once a few year ago . ( a bad memory ) he can not use Star 's service anymore because he beat up the girl . almost kill one . parker look back over at she . parker mm you can find out where he be ? — — . rosie I suppose he 's at the hotel . parker what hotel ? rosie the outfit hotel . they be all there . P. x) what 's cna ioeta ? rosie look at a aaq™ . q rosie we 'r® friend , right ? but m a employee , too . the outfit would not like I tell you where the horel be . rosie start rosie how strong be you , parker ? personally , = think you be the strongest z n ioever meet . but = wonder if it 's enough . parker enough for what ? rosie if I know you , you want chis resnick for something he will not like . parker I be go to kill he . rosie there , that 's something he will not like . and wnat if it go wrong , and you get grab , and they ask you where you find out about the hotel . parker I would not give you up . you know that already , so why talk about it ? rosie but , parker , what if they ask you hard ? parker I get =zom a cab dispatcher name stegman . rosie what do you get against this stegman ? parker nothing . but it 's believable . rosie the oakwood a : '' Union and 17th . T will even cail one 's and £ind out what she disappear past he into the bedroom . " parker " take up position t parker take a cigarette mm a pack cn the table . twist off the i hts up . " parker " growl , eye parker . parker eye =he gog back . rosie reappear in the doorway by the credenza . she crouch , ' pat the dog . rosie careful , boy , he will bite you back . - ( look the parker ) would you have ever come back if you do not need something ? 4 parker do not answer , just wait . finally ... rosie suite 718 . . parker memorize it , head for the door . parker thanks . rosie ( irritate ) all this time and you do not even pretend to ask how . I have be . parker pause at the half open door , look back . parker you need any cash or anything ? insuite , she pick up one of the fzog , huris parker catch it . rosie get yourself ki. , prick . I ought =o tell mm ' you be come . vu parker step cver to bern , ts the frog on the credenza . arker you do want to do that . that say , parker leave . rosie pick the frog back up , wing it against the close door . smash ! CUT to : ext . the oakwood arm - night 's the sidewaik . he the edge ci he shoe . a doorman : nudge 4 the curb with 43. ae '' a4 ant / submissive hooker from a cab disgorge Pearl = year as she head inside . earlier . the doorman '' sidewalk - across the STREET parker walk along , eye-balling the oakwood . parker' Pov the doorman out front . the tough guy sit in the lobby . now there be four . Val 's two thug have join the party . a older hood step out look prosperous . he 's follow by a young hood look cautious . cautious scan the street as he boss get into a limo . parker stop , pretend to read the menu outside a restaurant . again , eye the cakwood . the building on this side of the street ; a upscale jewelry store in particular . parker then look back at the menu : sirloin steak . ext . restaurant a beat . through the glass , we see parker be seat . a window table . as he look back across at the oakwood ... dissolve to : the doorman yawning . back against the wall , he check he watch . CUT to : int . jewelry store - nighy oo we be inside the di piay \cyse for just a moment before a £ the sidewalk . parker , swinging a ss explode ... man loom forward of tire tron . as the dcorman step out to the street parker 's nowhere o 45 . a moment pass and he 's toin by the four outfic lobby boy and the night desk manager . we hear a siren approach . as a cop car streak by , che outfit guy shake they head , smirk at such a petty crime . int . lobby - oakwood arm - night as the tough guy return to they seat , one of they look about on a coffee table , by a ashtray . tough one alright , which one of you guy take my goddamn kool ? as all deny it , the elevator number start up b.g .. int . elevator - oakwood arm - night parker light a Kool . the elevator button glow at 7 . suddenly , the elevator stop at 3 . parker just stand there , cool , as the door open and a hood step in . he press 9 . the door close . the elevator start up . a beat before the Hood glance at parker . parker glance at he . as the Hood realize that something be wrong ... int . 7th floor hallway - oakwood arm - night the door open . parker exit . we do not see the Hood . as parker head cff , the door start to close , then jerk open . as the door close again , bang open against he head ... CUT to : val resnick sleep fitfully . the girl Pearl snore in bed beside he , one of she eye black . sudgerly , Val wake with a start . he lay there a moment , wipe . & hand across he sweaty face . the last 24 hour gigve not be easy for he . Val sit up on he e '' look over at Pearl , sigh . then he see somet else , squint into the darkness . across the room , a coal burn red , disappear . val squint . a beat and then the coal burn again . someone 's sit there smoking a cigarette ! 46 . parker' vcice seventy thousand dollar , val . that 's what you owe I . Val 's hand dart to the night table , frantically cast about on top . he accidentaily switch on a tabletop stereo . more Dean Martin . parker' voice you gun 's not there . parker switch on a light . Val blink , cringe like he 's be hit . parker have Val 's 9 mm and he own Magnum . i , parker stand , start over . he shove the 9 milli in he belt , aim the Magnum . Val nearly jump out of he skin . val oh , Jesus . oh , parker . Pearl stir , wake up . as she gasp , parker register she black leather corset , a set cf handcuffs and a cat -o- nine tail cn she dresser . parker you be a pro . keep you mouth shut , you will walk out of here . Pearl nod , actually seem excited by the situation . parker look to Val who 's push back against the headboard . parker my seventy grand . <= want i val I do not have it right now , parker . I -- parker where be it ? val I have to pay our . rty as give it ali toc hundred and = Pearl 's eye register the dad amount discuss . parker it 's the same cutfit here as it be in Chicago , right ? 47 . val sure . Coast to coast , it 's all the same . parker tell they you give they money that be not yours . tell they you want it back . val ~ parker , I can not . I -- parker set the barrel of the gun , against Val 's forehead , pin he back against the wall . val you will kill I whether I get the money or not . as parker cock back the hammer ... val okay , I will get it . I will get it . I just need a couple of day . parker tomorrow . noon . say it . val it sound crazy , parker , but no hard feeling . I do what I have to . you gotta appreciate that . parker raise the pistol ready to whack Val with it . pearl no ... let I . parker lower the pistol , shrug . before Val can react , Pearl grab , swing the handcuffs . one of the steel bracelet catch Val across the side of the head . he writhes in pain . parker step back out of the w9y ! Pearl slip the bracelet around she fist . sy rts hook shot into ' 01 he , viciously beat the ut of he . I love y : aby . Love you big time . Val try to cover - up , but to little avail . he finally slide to the floor , land in a heap . 48 farker wave she of . Pearl move =o fcliow , parker ( to Val ; noon tomorrsw . you and the money be at the payphone on 7th and Frank . as Val nod , parker take cut the photo Val show Lynn : parker and rosie . parker show Val . parker where would you get it ? val ( bleary ) hooker . High class . have it on she shelf . I recognize you . swipe it case = could use it . parker understand , then return the favor of the kick Val once give he . Val flop over unconscious . dean martin ai not that a kick in the head ! Pearl watch parker in open admiration . pearl I get a few minute . parker so go boil a egg . parker 's go . peari look down at Val , sigh ... int . lobby - oakwood arm - night the four cuy read magazine , yawn . Elevator door open and parker stride out , walk right past they . as tough one look up , he 's alreagyw out the door . oe one hat ? who g , go back to read ... as the ofhezeery dissolve to : int . empty anteroom - carter investment - day Val enter , face bruise , a hitch in he stride . there 's two sofa , a table and a stack ci magazine . ) a ke 49 . a unmark door across the room . the sm est security camera above it . Val hes tes , check he watch . 3 am . he do nox know whether ts sit cz what . then the door cpen . a broad shoulder cuy in a gray suit step out . the door lock behind he . gray can I help you ? val I be Val resnick . I get a appointment with Mr. Carter . gray yes . turn around please . Val know why this be be ask . val let I just tell you -- gray turn around . Val turn , raise he hand as the man frisk he . he pull a 9 mm from a shoulder holster , a .38 from a holster in the small of Val 's back , a .22 from a ankle holster . gray this be not how Mr. Carter like he visitor . val I know . but I be ina little bit of trouble . yes . m€\qwrter chink so also . Val blink . ron sound good . gray this way . Val follow Gray . the door be buzze open . hallway they walk past unmark door on either side , stop at a door at the end ci the nail . gray o tenderness c door open . gray Mr. Carter will see you now . int . mr. carter' office - day mr . carter look out a window with a telesccpe . impressive , he conjure vision of Wall Street and high finance . his back be to Val as he enter . leave they , Gray close the door . Carter continue look through the telescope . Val stand there , realize with a start there 's another man in the room . a formidable look man a black suit sit in the far corner . he do not notice Val be all . phil from the . cakwood be also here . he stand behind che bar in the corner . Val smile , nod to he . phil smile back , but it 's unnerve . carter look at this , resnick . Val step to the window . the telescope point at a distant building . Carter step aside . Val take a peek . window - tel a dentist be there 's a man lie the dentist '' com over nim , '' o. on a carter found ita week stop watch the oe : a bite . the dentist step aw : the guy in the chair be stegman ! he look in quite a bit 's of discomfort . carter' office Val look at c2 : , be not sure how to react . carte ! when you go out '' you go outfit all the way . you do not farm you work out < °o scavenger . understood ? o 51 . as Val move for a chair , he kick the tripod stand . not knock it over , but certainly lose the dentist 's office . he mumble a apology , finally get to he seat . ~ carter phil , tell I you have a problem you want help with . be it you problem who poke a man' eye out at the oakwood last night ? val yes , sir , Mr. Carter . carter there 's a old expression which have always serve I well . do not shit where you live . val I be sorry , Mr. Carter , it 's just that -- Carter 's not interested in what Val have to say . carter there be three way to handle this situation . one , we could help you . two , we could let you handle it yourself . Three , we could have you replace . Val can not heip , but glance back at Black . at phil . we have a vestment in you , i rwime and money and oaa after you mistake , you do make ion to the organization . assist you would be protect we investment in you . that 's always ¢sod business policy . val thank you , sir , you will not regret it . I have not de should know sre . accord =o phil , a man have come to town to kill you . you say that he be alone , that he be a professional robber . be that right ? val yes , sir . he do payroll job , bank , thing like that . carter what 's he name ? val parker . carter st name ? what 's he val ( think ; realize ) I do not know it , Mr. Carter . he never call himself anything but parker . carter why do he want to kill you ? val bad biood over a job we pull . Carter sit cn the edge c= the desk , smart as they come . carter where do you get the cone hundred and = = y , ousand dollar ? SF Mr. cree > q garzr that 's why this man be here , be not ic ? the one hundred and thirty thousand dollar you pay we back ? val yes , siz . but cnly seventy thousand of it be he . G yet . perhaps = ww nn 53. carter we never ask ycu where you get the money , resnick . it be not we business . you cwed we a debt and you pay it , and we give you a second chance . now it appear that iz be we business after all . Mr. Carter step over to the telescope , begin scan for the dentist 's office . ' carter where do you get the money ? val a -- a heist . a holdup , Mr. Carter . carter and who be hold up ? val ' a chinese gang , sir . the chow . carter yes , I know they . and this man parker , he be part of the gang that perform the holdup ? val yes , sir . carter and you take he share , be that it ? val yes , sir . I think he be dead , sir . Mr. Carter find he dentist , focus . ' cant Mr. Carter step to hi , press a button . the door open and Gray appea : I see ... Val look =o Gray , then Black , know the moment be here . Carter sit , thump a file mark : resnick , val . nw carter do you know you value to the organization , resnick ? you be a sadist . you lack compunction . that come in handy . but now you have allow a area of you personal life to become a4 possible danger to we . Gray and Black close in a step . Carter walk 1 Black and Gray laugh at eayrore wit . Val do , carter a man in we organization have to be tough , self-reliant . be you to handle this problem on you own , you would leave little doubt you be the kind of man we want . val ( eager ) I want to handle it myself , Mr. Carter . 1 carter until this matter be settle , you will move out of the oakwood arm . I do not want anymore unpleasantness at the hotel . val yes , sir ... Val to the door . carter now , apart from money and manpower , be there anything we can help you with ? too . er { at door ) 3 resnick , do not think this he ' eee . know he 's dead . ( exite ) iwill , Mr. Carter . Mr. Carter . val thank you , ) ( ext . roosevelt circle - day as Val exit Carter 's building and head cver =o a black sedan . his two thug see earlier wait . val let 's go , feilas . thug one hand he the car key . thug 1 sorry , Val , we be reassign . the two of they start away . remember something thug 2 return , reach into the car , , and remove the cell phone . val go ahead ! after last night I be safer without you ! they leave Val quite alone . cursing under he breath , he step over to a corner payphone , dial . val {into phone ) they cut I loose , Pearl . just like I think they would . do you friend make it to town ? ( listen ; then : ) qkav. mistress Pearl . look , I be not in the mood to fuck around . CUT to : electronic clock - CITY square it go from 12:58 to 11:59 . whip down to : lin - day ext . payphone - 7th and@ag Val wait , hold aggneiel , stegman arrive huffing and puffing , mouth hal@ , 's < liil with cotten wadding . ot ova where the heil have you be , stegman ? stesman dentist . <= just get you message . what be we dcing here ? val wait for parker to call . stegman eye the satchel . stegman that the money he want ? Val do not answer . he keep he eye peeied on the surroundings , look for parker . stegman look about . stegman get the boy station out there ? val there be not no boy . outfit cut I loose . stegman you mean it 's just you and I ? Val do not answer . the clock change to 12:00 . the payphone on the end begin to ring . Val answer it . val ( into phone } it 's Val . parker' voice you get the seventy grand ? val you money right here . it be never personal , parker . I have to pretect =he investment I have in myself . you can appreciate that , righ = parker ' Bus terminal onc street . be out fronce in inute . hand where I can qy chem . click . the line go dead . Val iook to stegman . Z get val . 14th street bus terminal . let 's go . Val start away . rubbing the side of he jaw , stegman do not move . sé. s7. val come on . stegman ( shake he head ) if the outfit cut you loose , you do not scare I anymore . good luck , val. stegman start to back away ... val why you little ... as Val step forward , stegman turn and bolt . val ( watch ) I need back - up ! I will fuck you for this , stegman ! CUT to : ext . bus terminal - 14 th STREET - day a pass bus reveal Val wait outside . across the street in a parking lot , he see parker walk toward he , Magnum hold to he side . Val gulp , but do not move STREET as parker cross , a car come cut cf nowhere . parker twist back . the car brake just before it reach he , but all the same ... : wham ! parker go over the grill , slam the windshield . the car brake hard , spilling parker back across the hood and down to the pavement . ww ye be pleased , but not that , purprise at the sight . val parker as he groan in a heap , car door open . several set of foot cross cowar | 58. parker 's head be jerk back . mouth bloody , he stare up at three chinese ' face : show . one be the ponytail courier from the heist with Val . he look back at a arrive fourcn and 4 member of the group : one be the neck - tattco chinese bodyguard , he face permanently smashed in from val . '' the other be Pearl , Val 's chinese hooker . pearl he parker shit for brain . that 's he . the courier backhand parker across the mouth . chinese courier money or ball ?! parker wha ... the courier spin , kick parker across the mouth . val watch , hide behind the row of payphone , enjoy every moment . STREET the other two chinese -erk parker back up . chinese courier money ocr balis ?! parker focus on he , > ae he . rk I work it . it 's mine . they jack he = pehind he back . it hurt . parker I don' have it . chinese courier bail ! as the cther two spread -eagle parker , the courier pop a wicked - looking switchblade he start pull down parker 's pants . ready => emasculate he cn the spot . s9 . val smiling until he realize ... the tattooed bodyguard have spot he , stare sight at he . as he take a step forward . STREET , Val disappear back into the crowd . as parker twist and turn , siren and cherrylight . a unmark police car roll from the far end of the streer . the chinese , end with Pearl , each take a shot at parker , then pile into they car and tear away . parker try to stand , but have trouble even lift he forehead off the tar . blood run from he ear . the unmark pull up . Doors open and close . suddenly , there 's a officer on either side of parker . we do not really see they face . cop onex voice easy , mister . parker I be okay ... cop two's voice who be they ? parker do not want to press charge ... as parker try to rise , cop force he back down . parker look up and see Di >. from the card game at stegman' . with he be leary . cks we budc stegman say you get a line on a load of cash , parker . leary : Quarter of a million . parker it 's seventy thousand . 60 . with he leary poke he ights= leary what do you take we for , idiot ? no cne would go through all this for seventy grand . val further down the street , but still watch as ... STREET the cop lean on parker . hick we do not like trouble , parker . and you - look like trouble . leary we find a dead girl . full of heroin . hick there be sign of a struggle . coroner 's not so sure it be a od . leary we get a witness . guy with only one nostril . parker look back and forth between they . leary do not worry , parker , to give you immunicy . we be go hick room to operate . a get out of jail free card . leary all you get to dgwis get the money . we cangay * ip you though . rt would qicainse the law . % leary you understand , parker ? '' 61 . parker it 's my money . hick poke he with he nightstick . hick no , it 's ours . the cop start away , leave he . leary ( over he shoulder ) we will keep in touch . they get back in the unmark and pull away . parker be '' leave all alone . he look down to he hand ; he hold det. hick ' badge . parker try to stand , fall back on he ass . finally , he get back up . he scoops up he Magnum from the gutter , pocket it . hailing a cab , he climb in , roll out . val dump he satchel in the trash , hail a cab of he own . CUT to : ext . 298 coyle STREET - day the cab pull up . parker get out , limp painfully across to and up the step cf rosie 's building . we stay at the curb as the secend cab pull up . val watch ( too far way to make out detail or listen in ) as parker press a button on the buzzer board . he say something into a speaker , =hen get buzze in . CUT to : close on a bottle of rubbing '' bo bathroom rosie grab it , exit . gS e int . kitchen - rosie be caoent - day rosie enter , head to the kitchen table where parker sit by a big vase of sunflowers , pull off he shirt . the top of he shoulder bear a bloody crease , he chest and back , deep , dark ise . as sne see it ... rosie oh my God , parker . you need =5 see a doctor . parker do not believe in doctor . just clean it up . behind he she get a clean napkin , dab on some alcohol . meanwhile , " parker " stride in , nail on linoleum . he start to lick parker 's hand . parker he like the blood . git. " parker " growl , back out . she set the bottle on the table , step up behind he . she can not quite bring the towel down on he shoulder . rosie ( concerned ) this be go to sting . parker ( lese patience ) rosie stare dagger at the back of he head . grabbing the alcohol bottle , she soak the towel , then press i= down hard on he shoulder . parker flinch , cut do not say a word . ext . front entry - 298 ccyle STREET - day Val 's be wait , but can not wait any longer . look about , he head up the step , go to 's the buzzer board . the name card be blank , but the button for aparcment 222 have a blood smear cn it . 9 CUT to : int . live room - ROS deascven - day parker enter , see . follow , rosie jeans against the decor to the kitchen watch he . rosie you be welcome . o parker do not respond => she sarcasm . as he shove he Magnum in he belt , put cn he jacket ... rosie you still have not ask I how I have be . parker I will see you around , rosie . parker head for the front door . as he open it , rosie move around , intercept he . rosie goddamn it . I be try to tell you something . parker what ? for the first time rosie look embarrassed . parker wait , but she do not say anything . finally , he exit . as the door close behind he . rosie ( softly ) try and stay alive , huh ? int . hallway - rosie' build - day as parker step off a landing and disappear down the stair , the elevator arrive with a ominous ding ! before the door open ... int . live room - rosie' apartment - day rosie stand at a window , look down wait for parker to pass by . but there 's a knock at the door instead . rosie parker ... relieved , rosie step to doer it to reveal val . he point a gun in qesce , motion she to keep quiet . val ( whisper ) I be Val re ck . remember I ? she do not answer . 64 . val parker ... she do not answer . he step isrward , stick the gun in she face . she whisper back : rosie parker 's in the bedroom . Val hold a handful of rosie 's hair as they edge toward the bedroom door , everything be whisper . val he hurt bad ? rosie ( nod ) Doctor should be here any minute . val bullshit . he would have to be die before he would cali a doctor . rosie do not answer . maybe he be die . heartened , Val hold she as a shield , gently turn the doorknob with he gun hand . they quietly enter : int . bedroom - day no window , it 's dark . there 's a shape on the bed . Val ease rosie a half - step to the side to get a clear short . val parker . here I come , you sonoftabicch . all we see be tooth as " parker " lunge cff the bed . Val fall back , take rosie with he . '' parker " lunge for Val 's chroag , eche hold of a block forearm instead . gs viciously for the bone , Val scream , raise istol and fire . = the dog squeais , fall . y co the side . as Val roll to he foot , rosie come at he with a bedside baseball sat . he duck as she swing , take cut a table lamp . : as Val stumble back , she tomahawk down . just miss he , the bat dic into the wall plaster . siam she against the wall . o `s . val where be he ? where 's parker ? she do not answer . Val grab she fling she through the doorway . int . live room - day rosie sprawl onto the floor . Val be right on she heel . he haul she up by the throac . val let 's try this one . how do you know he ? rosie he use to provide I with a safe work environment . val some good he 's do you now , huh ? rosie you get a reputation , you know . val yeah ? what 's that ? all five foot two of she stand there defiantly . rosie a ugly pig wno beat up woman on account of he can not get it up because he 's terrify of he own shadow . val yeah ? then you must be the lucky girl . Val backhand she .. rosie sprawl out on the tiger the front door . e x B . ge = know qgsecogzszed that ass . she look back at he defiantly . 66 val ce sweetie , = be go the fuck you six way irom Sunday . as Val loom over she , the fronce door spli its hinge . revealing parker . without wait a extra instant , he cpen fire . cer inwards off Val fly back bloody across the apartment . rosie look up at he ; he look down at she . parker forget my cigarettes . she manage a smile . parker crouch by she . parker you in one piece ? rosie nod . parker sit she up . she watch as ... parker walk to Val who writhes , a bullet in he shoulder . parker loom , aim the Magnum at he head . Val quiet . '' parker this syndicate . it 's the same a here as Chicago , right ? . val Coast to coast , parker . it 's all the same . parker who 's the boss here in the city ? val they ' 12 kill I , parker . parker . not if you be already dead . ore - parker rest he foot on val throat , press enough to give he a taste . . uo no '' val there 's t wo of ‘em . Mr. fairfax and Mr. Carter . they run the whole town . fairfax and Carter . parker and where do I find they , Val ? 67 . val fairiax be not in town right now . parker Carter . where 's he ? val please , parker . it will not do you any good . we can work something out -- parker press down again , long this time . just when it seem like . it might be too late , he release he . val ( gasp ) Frederick Carter investment . address be in my pocket . I be ~ just there this morning . parker lean down , take a slip of paper with the address from Val 's pocket . he also take a pack of smoke . Val know he time be short . val parker , you gotta understand . it be just -- parker stick a cigarette in he mouth . parker you get a light ? val I , uh , 2 uh , no . parker then what good be you ? bang ! parker shoot Val dead . exiting the pedroom with a small bag , rosie stop short at the sight . finally , Val be dead . parker stand , look over at she . parker S . be you name on peetee on i i ? this viace ? ~ : roste no , the ourfit . the ourfic pay for everything . 68 pare good . you get someplace safe you can go ? . she look down at Val 's dead eye , up to parker 's live one . as she nod ... CUT to : ext . roosevelt circle - twilight holding a newspaper under he arm , parker arrive , check the address he take from Val . this be it . parker slide he Magnum into the paper , step to a sidewalk planter . just as he 's go to stash the newspaper inside , he spot a unmark pull up across the street . leary behind the wheel , hick beside he . they wave , wink and smile at parker . unmarked they look a little more serious when he start toward they . from here we see stegman in the backseat cage . ~ hick what be you up to , pa x0 ? eo parker ni ( be : build . cur money 's i : be . you still interested ? hick not in the dough . just the boat I be gonna buy with it . leary chuckle at he partner . parker ( be : stegman ) what 's he do here ? stegman it 's a ride aiong , parker . parker you like be in a cage with no knob , mo handle . '' ) NY 69 . stegman ( yukking it up ) it be not cto keep I in . it 's to keep you out . leary what be you wait for , parker ? go get it . go get we money . parker you guy do I a favor ? hick we be here to help , buddy . leary really guffaw at that cne . he freeze , they all do , at the sight cf the Magnum point through the window . parker pull it from the newspaper . a beat , then ... parker they be probably go to frisk I . mind hold this for I ? he plop the Magnum into leary 's hand . the detective breathe a sigh of relief . leary sure , parker . ( heft it ) hey ... Nice balance . leary spin the cylinder , start play with it as parker head off . int . empty anteroom - carter investment - twilight parker enter . he suss cut the room , stare up at the security camera cver the unmark door across the way . Gray step out . he have no idea who car rois . gray oo can = heip you ? . parker tell Mr. Carter the guy who kill Val resnick be here . gray I do not know what ing about . i be sorry . you be taik parker you do not have to . just go tell you boss . parker sit down and start to leaf through a magazine . Gray stare at he , but parker do not look up . finally , Gray disappear che way he come . parker look genuinely interested in one of the article . as he turn the page , Gray come back . gray Mr. Carter will see you . parker set down the magazine , stand . gray turn around so I can frisk you . parker oblige , raise he arm . wary , Gray pat he down . finish , he step back , a little surprised . gray you be clean . int . mr. carter' office - night Carter sit at he desk . Black sit in he usual corner spot . Carter look up as parker enter follow by Gray . Carter motion to one of two chair across from the desk . carter please . parker sit . he start to cross one leg over the other as Gray bend =o sit alongside cof he . instead ... ray 's face just parker ram the heel of he clatter over backwards . above the nose . Gray and parker surge , come in low lack stand , paw at he hip for he gun . parker '' be he shoulder iato Black 's gut , then bring he head we sharply crack nis chin . as Black fall , parker tear a 'mm from he holster and wheel in time =o draw down on Carter who 's get a .32 halfway cut of a desk drawer . pari Close ic . Carter let the cun drop into the drawer , close it . he look from cx ts Gray . Carter look 71 . carter my complimen the best . they be two cf parker no . they lull tco easy . ( sit down ) we can talk now . carter I think resnick lie to I . he say he shot you and take you proceed from a robbery . parker one part 's a lie . my wife shot I . carter ahh , that = can see . there 's something you want from I ? parker Val give you people one hundred and thirty thousand dollar . carter paid we . it be a debt . parker seventy thousand of it be mine . i- want it back . again at he man cn the floor , back to parker . carter you can not be serio pari it 's my money c arter any debt '' resnick owed you die with he . we do not settle we empicyee 's personal debt . parker you people have seventy thousand dollar c= my money .. I want it . carter you people ? the outfit be what we prefer -- 72 . par ! I do not care if you call yourselves the Red Cross ; you will pay I my money . a knock on the door . they both look over as it open and phil step inside . he stop short at parker 's gun . carter it 's alright , Philip . Close the - door and sit down . ' parker ( point ) in that chair . on you hand . phil sit down on he hand . Carter look to parker . carter I be sorry . i have forget you name . resnick toid I , but -- parker parker . carter that 's right . I will not forget it . again . the oucfir be not -* . unreasonable , parker , but no corporation in the world would agree to . what you be ask . parker have have iz with Carter . parker what about fairfax ? will he give I my money back ? Carter be surprised at the mention of fairfax 's name . carter resnick tell you quizg > bit , do not he ? Fair o. tell you the same th ae , d to -- we be not a who be ? ee the decision ? carter @ would -- a commi o parker ( stand ) one man , Carter . so high enough , you always come tx one man . parker slide Carter 's phone cver in front of he . carter yes . but if you be ask I to call -- parker I be tell you to call . carter and what will you do if I refuse ? parker kill you and wait for fairfax co come back to town . carter and if I call , and this person refuse , as I know they will ? parker gesture toward the phone with the 'mm . Carter pick it up , dial . after a moment . carter ( into phone ) it 's Fred Carter . I want to talk to bronson . ( after a beat ) I be sorry to bother you , but there 's a problem . a man be in my office with a gun . he say he will kill I unless che outtir pay he one hundred and thirty thousand dollar that one of we lieutenant steal from he . parker seventy . I only want -- let I talk to he . carter xe '' ( correct = her. ( into pho a he want to aoe you . . Carter hold cut the phoney but parker be not go to compromise he hand . 74 parker for put ner cn speaker . X Carter click it over . parker how much be this guy Carter worth to you ? bronson respond . indeed , a assure , discern woman . : bronson be voice : what do you mean ? parker ' either = get pay , or Carter be , : dead . bronson's voice I do not like to be threaten . parker I be not threaten you . I be threaten Carter . bronson's voice ( laugh softly ) a audacious man . who be you ? * parker my money . yes or no ? bronson's voice no . parker look at Carter . Carter go for the cun in the drawer . but parker shoot he in the heart . phil react . Carter blink from the hole in he chest up to parker . carter you do not get it , do eb Carter slump dead , slide '' a m chair to the floor . ane Carter ? cane voice keeping one eye cn phil , farker go through the desk , find a address book . open it to ' F '. fairfax and a uptown address . parker lean to the speaker . 78. parker call Fair ell he he partner be dead . tell he unless i get my money , you two be next . bronson's voice in 24 hour you will be dead . do you understand ? do you -- parker hang up . as phil gulp ... ext . unmarked - roosevelt circle - night stegman sit up . leary nudge hick as parker approach . leary I do not see any cash . hick they write you a check ? parker get the run-around . now I have to see another guy . stegman damn shame , parker . nsuppress a laugh ) do not let the bastard get you down . hick you be @ a@ squirrel look for nut to get you through the winter . do not give up . as they bust out laugh big time , parker take a look around , set the open newspaper on the open window by leary . leary wipe away a tear . leary oh yeah ... he take the Magnum , open the cylinder and dump out the shell . as he slide i= onto the oo paper : 2 . Paris Nice . roscoe , dey enough to be al ye bs * sea the trio lose it again . parker close the paper around the gun , start away . if they annoy he , he do not show it . ick ouch , Rocky ! keep good work . as parker continue off , leary ls0k to hick . stegman Rocky ? where would you get Rocky ? hick the squirrel in that cartoon . Rocky and bullwinkle . the three really lose it this time . ahead , parker hail a taxi , get in . leary time for a pizza and a six - pack . you guy handle ic , steggie ? stegman of course . leary reach out the window , wave someone up from behind . a second taxi pull out and alongside the unmark . drive by radioman ( he ear heavily bandage ) . hick ( gesture ahead ) keep .tab on he . radioman nod , take cff after parker 's taxi . ext . STREET - near roosevelt circle - night parker 's cab pass by . a beat and then radioman follow . hold here as parker step out of a doorway . he deadpan the street , then continue on he private way . CUT to : ent - night int . rosie' apart : Val be still on the floor where we last see he . a few fly buzz . the dcor cpen ; parker ay . e he open the newspaper , drop the qe with leary 's print ) at vi co touch i then he 1 reach into ss pocket , * of} jick ' badge . print , place the badge in Val 's wiping i : clea : ger around hand , close Val é 's NY 77 . as parker pick up Val 's .45 ... CUT to : ext . peep hole - door - night a woman' profile lean into frame . she pull back the cover look out at ... peephole Pov parker . stand in a hallway . woman wary , she ask .. woman who be it ? a name we never get tired of hearing , but parker say it like he 's get tired of say it . parker parker . int . apartment hallway - night the woman lead parker down , open a bedroom doorway . bedroom rosie lie curl up on the bed , she back to the door that parker enter through . rosie stare off in think , she face bruise and swollen . she look up as parker come around , sit on the bed above she knee . he look down at she . after a beat , she answer the question he have not ask yet . rem fine . ROS °° y. good . <) a growl at the door . " parker " stand there , he head wrap in gauze . parker 78 . he 's @ , 290 . how about you ? want <o ie down a minute ? st time , besides able . parker shake head . for the £ look beat - up , rosie icok vulner rosie could I hold onto you at least ? parker nod . she wrap a arm around he waist , pull herself to he back . she 's try not to cry . rosie everything work out ? tomorrow will either have my money or I will be dead . it 's quiet a beat . rosie I get the feel you be do this more for the mean hell of it than anything else . parker it 's momentum . momentum and balance . rosie I doe not know what you mean . parker think a moment icr the right word . parker ever since Lynn , everything 's off . and i stay that way until I get my money back . rosie I think = I understand ... she squeeze he a little tighter , close she eye . I could Love you , . ROS all this year , I don bo know you first ee ven so , parker also close he eye ( '' at , but do not answer . rosaiie siowly siide she hand away . 79 . I watch tv all day . they have this baseball player on the news . he be get old and he team get rid of he and no one else want he . they show some cid footage . he use to be beautiful ... I guess that 's what happen , huh ? parker know she 's think about herself . parker get to try and go out on top . like Ted Williams . hit a home run you last at bat . ( a beat ) you still get the car , rosie ? rosie look at he a moment . then she nod ' yes ' . parker if it turn out I get my money , maybe you would want to drive I somewhere . rosie sit up a little , look at he . rosie I drive you ? it depend . where be you go ? parker have not decide vet . they stare at each other . after a long beat ... rosie okay . parker reach down , gently touch she cheek . parker good girl . with that , he hold cut one cf ani mic frog . as she take it ... at . dissolve to : ext . ityview apartment suilding - day a towncar disgorge bodyguard one from the front passenger seat . he cpen the back door for m fairfax . fit , tan , 50 , fairfax wear a a@ pair of khakis . ne 80 bodyguard two step over from che front cf the bui bodyguard two good to have you back in town , Mr. fairfax . fairfax wish it be good to be here . I be marlin fishing this morning . as the hood pop on the trunk revealing a ton of luggage ... int . live room - fairfax's penthouse - day breathtake city view . a figure sit at the end of the room half - slump unconscious in a chair . a big man , he 's in shadow . across the room ... another figure sit in the dark smoking cigarettes , ten odd butt crush out at he foot . parker . he straighten at the scrape of a key in the lock . a door open . light come on . parker sit against the wall by a open entry . fairfax walk right in without see he 's there . the bodyguard follow , both carry a couple of piece of fairfax 's luggage . . fairfax see the big man in the chair . be he asleep ? . fairfax Walters ! wake up ! do not let '' boy . all three look back over they shoulder at parker , the gun in he hand . only fairfax turn . fairfax who be you ? parker I be the reason you be home early . rose stand flaticor tein . not pay to parker — _ — the bodyg al . parker ( nod ) keep that luggage boy . up. Drop below shoulder ievei and you dead . like gymnast on the ring , the bodyguard raise the luggage to shoulder level . fairfax be not amused . fairfax what do you want I to do , a handstand ? parker call bronson . get my money . fairfax she let Carter die . she will let I die , too . parker with Carter she think I be bluff . come on . fairfax pause to look at he bodyguard . the strain of they predicament be not yet show . * fairfax you two be fire . parker watch as fairfax pick up the phone , dial . a pause . parker 508 . bronson be at 212 this morning . fairfax she leave town . ( a beat ; into phone ! tell Ms. bronson it 's Justin fairfax . ( another beat ; then ) it 's like this Ms. bronson . I be stand in my live room . there 's a man name parker here . he say you will have to pay he sooner or later . fairfax study Park a he listen . he 's ( grim smile ) judg by he tailor , he do not give a damn either . fairfax listen again , then extend the phone =c parker . oo fairfax she want to talk to you . parker wave he off , click on the speaker phone . ' parker it 's parker . bronson's voice ! ( amused ) I should probably just have you shoot fairfax , then hire you to run the city for I . fairfax and parker exchange a look . bronson's voice you be a annoyance , parker . a mosquito . to get rid of you , I will swat you with a hundred and thirty grand . fl the amount be wrong again . parker you people be not listen -- ' bronson's voice ( finally angry ) you listen . I be spread the word . if you see parker , make he dead . do not go out cf you be way , just if you happen to see he . you be mark . do you get what i'm talk about , parker ? parker you be the one who leave town , Ms. bronson ; you tell m his body tremble , one cf the S ds start to lower a suitcase . b3ang ! parker fire 'a sfound through the samsonite . the bodyguard raise it back up . bronson's voice fairfax ! fairfax ? ronson . he 's bronson's voice where do you want to pick up you money , parker ? : parker Subway stop in lincoln Heights . five pm today . one man with cash in a blue backpack . I will be on the platform . send more than one , the mosquito will drain you blood . bronson's voice what 's the name of the stop ? parker it 's the end of the line . bronson's voice for you too , parker . Goodbye . bronson hang up . fairfax you be signing you own death warrant for a hundred and thirty grand ? I do not get it . be ic the principle or something ? parker no . it 's fust my money . and actually , it 's seventy grand . parker start out , exit . 83. exhausted , the bodyguard drop the luggage to the ground , fall to they knee heaving for breach . fairfax well ? go after bmoy but they be not go anywhe=y t yet . ext . cityview arartuene qyroine - day the unmark be park aéross from fairfax 's . parker . backseat , leary mout nm , & stupid look cn he face . the whee ck 's be wait for in the o loo leary t'il ceil you , partner , not only be be clown parker nor so tough ; he 's not so bright either . they both look over as two razor -clean detective step up . they get two uniform cop with they . razor-clean one hick . leary . we be Holland and Van Owen . Internal affair . hick you guy want to back off ? we be on stake -out . at that the hooker from popeye 's bar rise up into frame from hick 's lap . thus the stupid look on he face . the i.a. boy pass a look . razor - clean two hold a badge . razor -clean two : be this you badge , detective ? the one you report miss ? hick eye they , then nod . razor -clean one where exactly do you lose it ? int . taxi - further cown the STREET - day radicman in front . stegman back . watch as hick and leary be escort into the =.a. car and drive off . radioman the hell 's go on ? stegman 's at a loss till he see : parker watch from across and up the street . parker he step to the curb to hail a cab . a beat before away , pretend . nowhere in si : taxi swing ote radioman 's half - turn to make a no a clipboard . stegman 's as Park rts to climb in back ... gs . int . taxi - day stegman 's crouch in the corner , .38 aim at parker who 's half way in . stegman sit down , parker . Close the door . stegman sit up as parker slam the door shut . stegman set the roscoe on the floor . as parker set the .45 down , radioman drive . stegman ( pleased with self ) I gotta get a tooth cap , parker , but you be gonna get cap first . I be gonna turn you in to the outfit for a reward . maybe they will be so impressed , they will ask I to join . I will be on easy Street . Medical . Dental . I be gonna walk you right in . parker on the hoof . unless you get rambunctious . then I will have to take care cf you myself . stegman point the .38 for emphasis . like a snake , parker grab it right out cf he hand . stegman 's eye bareiy have time to widen before parker begin slamm he face into che plexiglass partition . the cab stop short . a shotgun nose through the money slot at parker . radioman let he go ! holding stegman by the back of os neck , parker hesitates . radided now . radioman chamber a < q then , parker see something . a black bronco pus® right aiongside the passenger side . full of three chow aim ¢rease- cun . the chow unload on radioman curr . o 86 with a foot parker jam stegman up against the window as a Shield . he 's tcrn apart as parker scoops the .45 , open the door and kick himsei= outside . ext . STREET - day the chow be unaware . they blast away turn the cab to a big yellow sieve . parker scoot under the cab , roll under the bronco . aiming up with the .38 and .¢ 5 he open fire . int . bronco - day ed in the groin as shot tear up the driver Chow be dri the other two fire down through through the floor pane they own car . parker safe under the drive shaft , the asphalt tear up on either side of he . finally the barrage stop . a car door open . parker aim at a pair of cowboy boot step down . scream in chinese as the Chow go down . he land look straight at the barrel cf the .38 . as parker fives ... int . bronco - day boom ! the remain Chow fire back into the floor , all the while look francticaily from leave to righr . parker 7 8 ~~ Hand over fist , he pull hiriself we through the back . pop up , aim che .45 . '' c~ cs the last Chow look fee eo late , slump back as parker nail he . as onlooker scurry away , parker rush to the saxi . 87 . taxi . uis the dead radioman sut , dump ts behind the wheel , tear he backseat . parker cpen the door , he on the street . parker away with . stegman dead in CUT to : ext / int . train entrance - lincoln height - day time to get the money . a outfitter stand just inside the turnstile keep watch twenty foot behind he a door . ansit '' es . it open and parker slip out . the outfitter stare out , put a cigarette in he mouth , strike a match . as he cup he hand for a light ... parker be suddenly there , .45 in he back . parker one word ... the outfitter freeze , stay that way until the match in he hand burn he finger . he drop it , the cigarette hang from he mouth . parker back up . they step back through the employee door . a moment pass , then parker exit alone . he take a puff of the cigarette , then crush i= under he heei . ext . train station - day neither subway or el . the track be at ground level with the station platform like a railroad depot . except the track , one set on either side , come only as far as the platform ; it 's the end the line . platform oe sign read : next two train flank the platform . he leave . its door open . train with a arrow point , two dozen people board . oe two remain behind : a heavy workman sit on a rlatiorm bench read the paper a lunch bucket beside he . o 88 erend , 4 man stand hold a cup of @ stare out at the train in the yard . ext . men' room - station - day next to , but out of sight of the platform . through a archway , you can see train door slide shut . parker step back , reach the men' room door and enter . int . men' room - day two guy , maybe college student , at the urinal . parker take the third spor . a low half - partition between each . they all face the wall . then the two guy exchange a look , look over at parker . big rumble as the train leave . angle on parker to reveal fly up , he hold the barrel of the .45 against the partition wall . as the guy close go for a waistband gun , boom ! , parker shoot he through the partition . down he go . the other guy start to make a move , but be catch flatfoote . as he stare at parker wait to die . parker put ic away . as we hear a zipper close ... ext . men' room - station - day parker exit alone . he dump a couple of glock in the trash , continue around a corner . guy two do not follow . ext . businessman - platform - day still stand heid he coffee . " pssst . " he turn round . * parker stand inside a suppor , '' atem , the .45 levele . ( guiag ' you Park parker nod , gesture to the businessman 's cup . 89 . parker take a sip once in awhile . you would not iook so obvious . the businessman look at the cup in he hand . 'o t 's full . parker where 's the gun ? businessman shoulder holster . parker hold the cup in you tooth , put the gun in the briefcase , put the briefcase on the ground . the businessman reach to a shoulder holster , do as he 's tell . all the while coffee sloshes up he nose . heavy workman - platform bench he look over as the businessman approach , a cup of coffee in either hand . he hold one out . businessman guy say you should drink this . workman what guy ? the businessman 's eye flicker past the workman . parker 's back there . the workman know enough to freeze . businessman ( as he be tell ) right hand . take the coffee . the businessman hand it to he , leave hand to right . stick the .45 in . the workman 's back , parker reach , open the lunch bucket . only thing inside be a luger . parker leave it , close it , take a half - step back . parker better hurry . you two be go to miss you train the other train 's about ee the workman stand , exchange look with the essman . they start forward . an ts in the back , 2. chem ; they watch cn the cring , expec train . parker 90 . a few late arrival 4_so board . finally , the door close with a niss ; the train head out . parker 's all alone cn the slatform , till a woman rush out after the train . dress for work , in walk sneaker , she curse she bad iuck . as she settles down to wait ... parker tuck the .45 inside he jacket , wait . ext / int . turnstile - train entrance - day among other , rosie enter . wearing dark sunglass , a baseball cap , she profiie be low . a few people follow , then , a man with a blue 3ackpack . ext . platform - day another train pull in . rosie arrive , 5 x like tt yw . marry the man step out , carry the backpack at he side . he look around , spot parker stare at he . he 's a little surprised . but he bury it and start down . people board . so do rosie with a backward glance . pass the sneaker woman who finish she make - up , he finally step across from parker . the man set the backpack on the bench . turn , he start away . parker open it . the man turn , look back . man it 's all the thirty grand . a hundred and parker react to the amount . parker you dumb nate pen it . the man shrug , step forwa dak he bend to the backpack , parker see ow bg beyond he . the sneaker woman who be late for the train aim a pistol at he . gl . platform oman draw a gun as well . parker bring up the .45 ; detween parker and =he woman . he 's rip in the crossf people scream . parker be hit in the side . he fall back , end up sit on the platform . rosie on the train , reacting . platform from a sit position , parker fire one last time . sneaker woman sprawl back dead . more scream . clutch he gut , parker get to he foot , open the backpack . it 's stuff with ... cash . rosie start out , but the door slide shut block she . platform parker stumble over to the door . as he try to pry they open , the train pull out . from the other side , they cet they apart with rosie hele the backpack chrough . enough to shove then parker falis : the door close on he arm . as the train pick up speed , parker skid aiong the deck . rosie parker ! ahead , the train be pass ‘ust inside a steel I - beam support . parker 's go to get whacked hard . rosie see it , do everything she can to get the door open enough . as the beam loom ... she do 2 ) loose . as he tumble to a stop just , rosie and the train continue , take CUT to : 92 . int . locker - train station - say parker key cpen a locker . rea mge in , he pull out a second blue backpack . what 's go on ? he head out . ext . train entrance - lincoln ghts - day backpack in hand , parker exit . stand as straight as he wound will allow , he start down the street like nothing happen . int . outfit sedan -~ STREET - day Val 's thug in front , phil from the outfit bored in back . thug one ( sit up ) hey , phil ... phil look , see what they see : parker . walk toward they . he turn down a side street . phil how would he make it ...? go. thug one start the car , lean on the horn . ext . sedan two - across the STREET - day Black and Gray ( from Carter 's office ) look across , follow as phil 's sedan puil out . ext . side STREET - day a buick be park , face away . parker climb in . int . buick - day the passenger seat be cover with tarp . parker set the backpack on the center console , be the engine . through the rear window , wé df. ourgit sedan slide the corner in pursuit . as in pain , parker take off . the buick rcear cast . a few seccend and it 's fclowed by sedan . ext . STREET one - day '' ) 0 with ext . STREET two - day a 4th car roll along . the chow . chow car ponytail courier , tattooe bodyguard and peari . they ali whip a look over as the buick tear by the other way . as the courier hit the brake ... ext . STREET two - day as the Chow car slide into a 180° , it cross the median head ass first toward ... the outtit sedan come up hard . they split , just miss it on either side . as the chow follow in a cloud of tire smoke ... ext . STREET three - day the outfit sedan be close . without warning , the buick brake hard , turn into a parking garage . it snap =he entry arm off as ' ic disappear inside . the sedan brake hard , follow . int . parking garage - day tire as the buick corkscrews up the sedan follow . — nothing but squeal through the upper level 2 qo the buick streak by wi & k - up light . as the car cae to keep from slamm it . back out , the sedan . 's back i a little distance horn blare . asc , in the pursuit . 94 buick rker sushne in the cigarette lighter , then unzip t second backpack . he pull out a heavy black cord . the ghter pop . parker pull it , set the end to the cord . as a fuse begin to burn ... driving with one hand , the light of the roof snow ahead . outfit sedan up to. speed again . buick cross the roof . smoke pour from the backpack . parker let go of the wneel . one hand open the door as the other pull the tarp cover the front seat to reveai : Dead stegman ! ext . parking garage the buick crash through the barrier , sail toward the ground below . ext . rooftop - day as the sedan roar up . ext . STREET selow - day the buick burst into flame a instant before it smashes into the ground . after a beat , the chow sull up , pile out . they can just make out a flame figure behind the wheel . they open fire just to make sure . ext . rooftop edge - day phil and the cucfit yore look down . the chow go look up . a beat , then che chow pile in , take off . nu 9s . ext . rooftop edge - say the outfit boy watch they co . thug one think the money 's go ? black it 's make of paper . take a wild guess . phil you guy take one of the car , leave I the other . I have get to make a call . they acquiesce , head for sedan one . phil pull a cellphone from he pocket , punch a number as they drive away . phil ( into phone ) parker 's dead , Ms. bronson . bronson's voice do you see the body ? phil yes , ma'am . ( peek over roof ) I be look at it now . ms . bronson good . you move into Carter 's office on Monday , Philip . phil yes , ms. bronson . thank you . the line click cff . but instead of get in he car , he start down a row of car . Z9 ) ymouth roadrus rooftop - day int . 1974 & parker sit low : the pasbencer seat , watch as phil head in this direc : e parker grip the .45 in he lap . rooftop ch man know the other be here . it become cbvicus that ea hes out the window . as phil near , parker wate : parker you get you orometicn ? 96 phil ( neds ; be : phone ) just get the woré . I assure Ms. bronson you be dead . parker Nice do business with you . phil ' pocket ' he phone , but he hand whip back out aim a little .32 . behind phil , phil I '@ like the money , too , parker . ' it go well with the promotion . parker it 's mine . I be keep it . phil ( aim ) be that so ? the unmistakable sound of a _shotaun shell + phil can not see , but ... rosie step up , set the barrel of a saw - off against the back of phil 's neck . " parker " growl beside she . phil kill I and the outfit will know you be alive . parker let you go and they will know the same thing . as phil sweat ... parker 508 555-4356 and 212 555-7754 . that be two of Ms. bronson 's number . say a word and I will drop a dime , tell she how you ide the body . understand ? phil I understand . tf they ae you friend you go that say , couigo he across the back of the head . as phil go do 97 . rosie that be my last at bat , parker . CUT to : int . roadrunner - parking garage - day rosie drive out , turn onto the street . she iook over at parker : a beat - up , bloody bastard . '' parker '' sit in back straddle the backpack which spill cash . rosie get you balance back , parker ? look ahead , he just nod that he do . rosie you remind I of a frog . he look over for a explanation , can not figure it . rosie no matter how many time I kiss you , you will never be a prince . " parker " growl as she lean across , give parker a kiss . he wince in pain . she echoe a earlier exchange . rosie you believe in doctor now ? parker look from she , to the beat - up " parker . " parker a vet . get we both to a vet . they pull onto the entrance for the citygate Bridge . ext . citygate 3ridge - day it 's a jam come in , but clear sajiing roll out . and the roadrunner roll . rosie be ! eye wheel , drive parker out of the city . he he come to do . 7 he look across at enere fy skyline . it look dull , gray , die . somewhere a ho blare . as they continue across the bridge and away ... fade to black . the en