pearl harbor by randall wallace early draft out of black we hear the sound of a airplane roaring by . ext . Pov of a airplane Flying over american heartland . we see the earth through the pilot 's perspective as sky and ground swap position , the plane swoop down and storming over the ground . the plane be a biplane , racing over a field lush with young plant . it release a trail of crop spray , and climb again ... up into a crystalline blue sky where sunshine pour like honey over family farm stretch to the horizon . maybe it 's not heaven , maybe it 's just Tennessee . but as long as there 's be a America , man have fight and die for this place -- as volunteer . Far off , but visible from the plane be a barn - day the barn be unpaint except for hand lettering that say " mccawley crop dusting . " another plane noise , this one make by kid , bring we to two boy , sit in the shell of a old plane propped on crate , scavenge of it 's engine , seat , and wheel . the boy sit in it 's cockpit , butt crowded onto the nail keg they have replace the seat with . they have even attach a 2 x4 as propeller , as if they imagination need any help . they wear overall and have bowl haircut : rafe and danny , 10 year old . rafe bandit at 2 o'clock . danny power dive ! they buzz they lip in a fly noise and work the control , rafe 's bare foot on one pedal , Danny 's on the other . rafe it 's Germans ! danny kill the bastard ! rafe look at Danny in shock -- then they both laugh and go right back into they game , manufacturing they own machine gun and engine sound . rafe good shoot , Danny ! danny good shoot , rafe ! rafe land of the free ... danny Home of the brave ! rafe there 's another one ! they vocal motor roar again ... but a man 's hand grab Danny by the strap of he overall and jerk he from the cockpit . it 's Danny 's father and he 's a fearsome sight ; drunk , he hair uncomb , he face unshaven , he tooth -- that still leave -- be rotting . he 's also miss a arm ; but the one that 's leave be potent , and he 's shaking Danny with it . danny's father you no count boy ! Johnson come lookin' , say he would pay a dime for you to shovel he pig shed , and I can not find you no place . danny daddy , I tell you I be comin ' here . his father slap he off he foot . rafe be so horrify he can not get a sound out . Danny be not even surprised . but when he father snatch he up again , twist the overall strap so tight they choke he , he struggle . it do no good ; he father start march across the field , drag and strangling Danny . danny Da !... dad ... the father 's drunken anger make he oblivious -- until crack ! the 2 x4 propeller slam he across the back , knock he to the ground and make he drop Danny . the father roll over to see 10 - year - old rafe , hold the 2 x4 like a bat . rafe let he alone ! the father 's eye bulge in rage ; he struggle to he foot . danny rafe ... daddy ... no ! the man look murderous , but rafe draw back the board . rafe I will bust you open , you ... german ! the word ring something deep in the man 's booze - break brain . he begin to cough , convulsively ; it bring a blossom of blood to he mouth . he wipe it with he hand , but blood cling to he tooth . he choke out -- danny's father I fight the Germans . he look at Danny in shame , with the realization of what he 's just do . he turn and stagger away . Danny look at rafe -- a communication between boy join by something deeper than blood . then Danny run off after he father . danny daddy ! daddy ! wait . Danny catch he , take he father 's hand , and walk away with he . the crop duster we see in the air have just land , behind rafe . the pilot , rafe' father , shut off the engine . rafe' father what 's goin ' on , son ? rafe nothing . Danny 's dad just come to get he . rafe turn back to the ramshackle plane and replace the 2 x4 propeller . his father look toward Danny and he father , walk away , then look at he own son . rafe' father hey , boy -- you wanna go up ? rafe can not believe it ; he run to the plane and hop into he father 's lap . as he father crank the engine and tuck he into the harness , rafe say -- rafe daddy , sometime will you take Danny up too ? rafe' father sure will , son . the engine race to life ... and we -- dissolve to : ext . new jersey AIR base - day american p - 40 fighter blast through the air , prop scream and wind sing by they wing . there be eight pilot in they individual seat , and we focus on two : rafe mccawley have grow lean and handsome . and danny WALKER be very much the same . they plane start swapping position in the formation ; while the other guy be fly along in a tight line , rafe and Danny be play , one of they gun he engine to go high , the other diving and come back up in he place , leapfrogge . it scare the other guy , have they plane flash in and out , so close . the training captain , watch through binocular on the ground , talk into he radio -- training captain mccawley ! Walker ! cut that out ! rafe I think this be a training flight . I be just try to give Danny some training . danny not on you best day , boy ! rafe grin and gun he plane low , in the opposite direction he be move before . Danny react almost instantly ... leapfrogge in the opposite direction , scare the piss out of everybody else . training captain that 's it , get into a wedge ! the squadron respond , form up into a tight V , rafe and Danny just behind and on either side of the center . rafe do not you say test the limit ? danny hey , you wanna test my limit , you better line up a couple dozen woman on the ground ... cause I get no limit in the air ! rafe grin , loving the challenge . then he and Danny do the leapfrogge maneuver laterally , swapping side in the v . training captain everybody down ! ext . new jersey airfield - day the plane land in tight order and taxi off the runway ; shut down they prop , slide back the canopy and hop down . we see young pilot we will get to know : ANTHONY , billy , red . training captain where be mccawley and Walker ? ext . rafe and danny - still in the AIR - day they have circle to opposite end of the airfield and be now head right at each other , like two bullet play chicken . training captain aw shit ... int . the cockpit from rafe and Danny 's Pov , the rush be awesome . the pilot on the ground watch in awe as the p - 40' get so close they can not possibly get out of each other 's way . billy , the most boyish - face of the pilot , yell to drow out the sound of the collision ... at the last instant , both plane snap a quarter turn so that they wing be vertical , and they shoot past each other belly to belly . in the cockpit rafe and Danny burst out laugh . the pilot on the ground laugh and congratulate each other . training captain you know what they say ... you can take the crop duster out of the country -- but do not put he in a p - 40 . rafe bank to land , and Danny tuck in behind he . Danny have rafe 's plane in he sight . danny if I have gun I would be chew up you -- rafe feint leave , bank right , and appear behind Danny . rafe if you have gun , you would be pissin 's on ‘em . they be almost to the landing strip , rafe behind Danny . but as Danny 's wheel be about to touch , he gun he engine and snap the nose of he plane straight up . the other pilot stop laugh . ANTHONY he 's do a inside loop ! training captain aw , shit ... Danny pull it off , just barely make a full circle to come in behind rafe and bounce to a stop on the runway . danny yee-hawww !!! Danny taxi he plane over to join the other . he 's grin as he slide back he cockpit cover ; then -- danny where 's rafe ? Red , tall with flame orange hair , tip he chin toward the air . see rafe 's plane still in the air , Danny start to refasten he harness . training captain you be down , Walker ! that 's a order ! danny what about he ? training captain he 's not take my order anymore . Danny 's just about to ask what the hell that mean , when he notice rafe climb in a deliberate spiral . danny he 's gonna do it . billy do what ? danny it. ( beat ) aw , shit . aw shit shit shit ... rafe' plane reach two thousand foot , just a speck above they , and seem to pause in the air . danny I should not 'a do a inside loop . I should not 'a do a inside loop . billy why ? danny Cause now he 's gonna do a outside loop . training captain aw shit . aw shit shit shit ... Anthony and billy join in , like a involuntary chant -- ANTHONY & billy aw shit shit shit ... rafe , in he cockpit , be tightly control , yet serene . he nose the plane into a power dive . the p - 40 scream toward the ground , pick up speed , go so fast it begin to shudder . the other pilot be transfix . Red be so nervous he can not get the word out . red aw sh - sh - sh - sh - billy shit . red yeah . danny you can do it , rafe . you can do it . the p - 40 , hurtle toward the ground at nauseate speed , snap into a half roll , streaking upside down over the runway . rafe hang invert in he flight harness , the asphalt of the runway shoot past , ten foot beyond he head . he push the plane into a climb , he cockpit on the outside of the circle . the plane reach the top of its arc , and almost stall ; but rafe nose it over again , toward the earth , only this time he have very little altitude . the plane hurtle down , still with it belly on the inside of the curve ... and make it full circle . rafe 's head now be barely a foot off the asphalt as the plane shoot past , still invert . the other pilot burst into cheer . rafe , in he cockpit permit himself a smile . he land , and the guy run out to meet he ... all except for the train Captain , who stand there shaking he head . Danny jump on the wing , as rafe stop and slide back he canopy . Danny grab he by the harness and shake he . danny you could have kill yourself , you stupid bastard ! he dive into the cockpit , hugging rafe . danny that be the most beautiful thing I ever see . int . colonel doolittle's office - day colonel jimmy doolittle , mid-forty , be commander of the base . he 's as tough as he be good in the air . and right now he 's frown at rafe mccawley , stand at attention before he . doolittle there be some people who think the outside loop be reckless and irresponsible . rafe how could it be irresponsible , Sir , if you be the first man in the world to do it ? doolittle do not get smart with I , son . rafe never , Sir . I just mean it 's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who want to show off , rather than inspire the other pilot in he unit . and all you have do for I , Sir , work out the transfer , I do it to say thanks . to honor you , sir. what the french call a " homage . " doolittle that 's bullshit , son . but it 's really good bullshit . rafe thank you , Sir . doolittle stand , move around he desk , and shake rafe 's hand . doolittle good luck over there mccawley . I admire you decision . rafe thank you , sir. int . new jersey airfield - barracks - night the pilot be get slicked up for a night on the town . Danny 's at the mirror with the other ; he 's put on cologne , and look terrific in he uniform . Anthony and billy be comb they hair at the sink . billy declare to he image in the mirror -- billy you good-lookin ' sumbitch ... do not you ever die ! ANTHONY that 's you line for tonight , ya know . billy what , good -lookin ' sumbitch ? ANTHONY no , numbnut , die . you get you nurse alone , you look she in the eye , and say , " baby , they be training I for war , and I do not know what will happen . but if I die tomorrow , I wanna know that we live all we could tonight . " I have never know it to fail . Red finish brush he tooth at the sink beside they . red he 's n-never know it to work , either . the guy head out laugh , run into rafe come in . danny doolittle do not kill you ? attaboy ! rafe catch Danny 's arm . rafe Danny , there 's something I gotta tell you ... ext . new jersey barracks - night rafe and Danny be walk on the parade ground ; the other guy be already on the bus that will take they into town . Danny 's upset by what rafe just tell he . danny how could you do this ? rafe the Colonel help I work it out . danny I do not mean how would you do the paperwork , I mean how the hell do you do it without let I in on it ? rafe I be sorry , Danny , but they be only accept the best pilot . danny do not make this a joke , rafe . you be talk about war , and I know what war do to people . rafe Danny , you know how many time I see you come to school with a black eye or a bust nose , and could not do a thing about it -- for you , or for you mother ... or you father , with he lung scorched out with mustard gas , and more leave of he lung than there be of he spirit ? you have make you sacrifice , Danny . it 's time I make mine . billy ( from the bus ) the nurse be wait ! rafe let 's go . danny Nah , you go on . rafe I have to talk to Evelyn . and I want you to meet she . danny some other time . I do not feel like a party . Danny walk away . the bus driver 's ready to leave , and Red be honk the horn for rafe to come . rafe reluctantly let Danny go , and head for the bus , where the pilot be chant -- pilot voice nurse ! nurse ! nurse ! int . a moving train - day the train of 1942 have they own beauty , with feel seat , shade lamp , and panele compartment even in the economy section . but the glow of the train be outshine by evelyn stewart . she 's one of ten young woman , Army nurse , gather at one end of the car as it rattles along the track . the other nurse be pretty and ripe -- maybe a bit too ripe . they lip paint bright red , they face powder , they spirit high . Evelyn listen in amusement to betty , a cute blonde with unmissable boob , and barbara , a burnette equally endow . betty do you have trouble with you boob in the uniform ? barbara you mean hide they ? betty hide they ? on a date with pilot ? I be talk about how you make they show ! sandra , another nurse , speak up . sandra loan them to I , I will make them show . betty the boob or the pilot ? the girl laugh and shove each other ' knee ; it 's a party wherever they go . but Evelyn can not keep she mind on the frivolity . she look out the window and she thought drift away . barbara we will ask Evelyn . Evelyn ? Evelyn ! betty 000 , she 's think of she date ! come on , you have be dating a pilot . we want to know what we can expect . suddenly all the girlish face be look at Evelyn . evelyn I have be dating one pilot . and only for a few week . but I know he 's different from all the other . Sandra throw up she arm and swoon onto she friend . sandra true love !... betty morphine , give she morphine ! barbara give she a enema . evelyn but I do have a warning for you . there 's one line you all need to know , and you be likely to hear it from any man in a uniform . it go like this : " honey , baby ... we never know what 's gonna happen , and I may die tomorrow ... so , let 's live all we can tonight . " a silence among the nurse . barbara I tell you . any one of that arrogant , leather - jackete , slick - lookin ' flyboy try that line on I ... he 's gonna get anything he want . as the nurse laugh -- ext . new york train station - night we pilot -- indeed leather - jackete and handsome -- be wait on the platform . among then be rafe , hold something behind he back , as the train pull in and shudder to a stop , cloud of steam jetting onto the platform and give the moment a dream- like haze . int . / ext . train - new york train station - night the nurse start step out ; both pilot and nurse pretend surprise to see each . at the door of the train , Evelyn whisper to Betty -- evelyn stick with I , I will find you somebody good . Betty spot 's rafe . betty I will take that one . evelyn he 's take . but come on , I will introduce you . they move to rafe ; he cross the platform to meet they , he eye hold Evelyn . rafe hello , Lieutenant . good to see you . evelyn you too , Lieutenant . Betty clear she throat . evelyn oh , this be Betty . rafe Nice to meet you , Betty . he draw he hand from behind he back ; he 's hold two rose . he hand one to Evelyn and the second to Betty . rafe Danny would 'a bring this . he escort they along the platform . evelyn Danny 's not come ? rafe no , he ... get some news today . he will be okay , he just do not feel like come tonight . evelyn I be hope to meet he . betty I be hope to meet he . rafe we will just have to find a substitute , will not we ? Betty stop , and face rafe . betty I just want to tell you one thing . if you be think this might be you last night on earth ?... I be prepare to make it meaningful . ( lean close ) very meaningful . evelyn at ease , Betty ! int . CITY night club - night it 's a party in full swing ; swing music , jitterbugge , beautiful young man and woman in high spirit . rafe and Evelyn be sit at a big table with the other pilot and nurse . Anthony 's pair up with Sandra , billy with Barbara , and Red , shyest of the group , find himself next to Betty . Betty 's already find a companion in Red strange . red he , I be R - Red . Red s-strange . betty Red ... strange ? red you know the football player , Red G - grange ? well the guy call I R - Red , cause you know , I be red ... and they think I be strange , so , you know , Red G - grange , Red str-strange . betty but ... they call you strange ? because of Red grange ? I do not get it . be Red grange strange ? red how would I know . beside she beer be a open ketchup bottle ; he pick it up and swig from that . rafe and Evelyn see this , and try to keep from laugh . betty do you always stutter ? red only when I be n-n- n- betty nervous ? red yeah . but if I have to get something out , I c-can always s-s-s - ( he sing ) siiing ! she cover he hand with hers . betty do not be nervous . Red look at Betty with love in he eye . under the table , rafe and Evelyn join hand too . evelyn there shipping we out . Hawaii . the Germans be overrun Europe , and we be send to paradise . how about you ? have you hear anything ? he hesitates ; then Evelyn be distract by the conversation beside they , between Barbara and billy . billy you be a very special woman , and ... well baby , they be training I for war , and we do not know what happen tomorrow . so we gotta make tonight special . Barbara shoot a look at Evelyn , before she answer . barbara I hope you can back that up , flyboy . Cause you be not ever gonna forget tonight . she take he by the hand and pull he to he foot ... they start dance , sexy movement that will not stop till they have be in bed . rafe pull Evelyn to she foot , and lead she through the dancer , outside . ext . the night club - night they find a quiet place on a balcony that overlook the river , and Manhattan beyond . Evelyn take in the view , breathes in the air ; she still hold the rise . evelyn whatever you be try to tell I be not good , be it . or it would not be so hard to say . rafe the only reason it 's hard to say be that I keep think I do not have the right to say it . but I have get to because it 's true . I love you . ( beat ) that must surprise you . evelyn it surprise I that I be not the only one on this balcony who feel that way . the power of hearing this from each other grip they both . rafe there 's one thing I have to say . I be go away . evelyn we be all go away . rafe I be go to the war . the real war . Hitler 's take Europe . the brit be hang on by they fingernails , and if they lose , there will be more people kill than anybody can imagine . and not just there , but here . evelyn but you be in the U.S. Army , how could you -- rafe Colonel doolittle pull the string , and put I on loan to the r.a.f . they need pilot , and we need experience . I leave tomorrow . evelyn you wait till tonight to tell I ? rafe I have to tell you in person . because there 's something else I need to say . he study she face , burn it into he memory . rafe Evelyn ... you know the line -- let 's make tonight memorable . what I feel about you make it impossible for I to say something like that . i£ I do not come back , I do not want to saddle you with regret and sadness you will carry the rest of you life . evelyn I do not know if you can choose that , rafe . rafe maybe not . but I need you to know . I love you . and I will come back . I will find a way . and then we will get a chance to know if what I feel the first moment I see you , and every minute since then , be real . evelyn do one thing for I , before you go . she take he hand and lead he inside . int . night club - night she lead he onto the dance floor , and they dance , among the other , yet in a world apart from everyone else . and then they stop while all the other move around they , and kiss the kind of kiss that last a lifetime . ext . HOTEL - night the nurse be enter the hotel . pilot be go in with they . but rafe and Evelyn stop on the street . a last kiss . they hand touch a final time , and then part . she move inside the lobby , and look out the glass door as he walk away . ext . train station - dawn rafe and Danny stand on the platform . rafe 's get he gear pack in a bag sling over he shoulder . conductor' voice all aboard ! rafe glance once more toward the revolve door from the station that lead onto the platform . danny do not you say you tell she not to come ? rafe yeah . danny then why be you look for she ? rafe it 's a test . if I ask she to come and she come , it would not tell I anything . if I tell she not to come , and she come ... then I know she love I . voice all aboard ! danny you be still a kid , ya know that ? take care of yourself . rafe you too . rafe stick he hand out to Danny . Danny knock it away , and hug he . rafe step onto the train , and it pull away . rafe wave . Danny wave back and smile , but he whisper like a prayer ... danny give them hell , rafe . int . train - dawn rafe find a seat and sit down . he 's the only one in the car , and he 's deeply alone . ext . train station - dawn Danny walk to one of the three revolve door back into the station . he take the one on the far right . as he pass through it , he do not see Evelyn rush through the door on the leave side . she 's tell herself she would not come , but could not help it , and now as she see the last car of the train disappear around the corner the pain of it all hit she . she stand on the empty platform , as lonely as rafe . montage - the journey rafe and Evelyn travel in opposite direction , toward opposite end of the earth ... ext . a gray , cold , canadian seaport - day as rafe board a canadian naval vessel head into the North Atlantic . ext . train - traveling through the american west - day Evelyn and she fellow nurse ride the train through the american southwest . the scenery outside the window be beautiful , but she thought be far away ... ext . NORTH atlantic - day rafe 's ship be in a convoy through the rough gray water . the deck be load with military supplies bound for Britain . rafe stand among the drab crate and seem oblivious to the rain , he thought on Evelyn . he look toward the eastern horizon , where he ship be head . a deep , dark storm be brewing before they ... ext . pacific - day Evelyn stand on the deck of a ship head in the opposite direction , on another ocean , the sky be clear , the breeze be warm , the light of a glow sunset bathes she face . the montage end , with they head to different end of the earth . ext . bassingborne airfield - britain - dusk in the eternal dusk of England , everything be cold and gray . british fighter plane -- spitfire and hurricane -- be surround by mechanic hurriedly rip off bullet riddled fuselage panel and digging into overworked aircraft engine . rafe walk across the tarmac , still carry he duffel bag . he move up behind a slim , pale british AIR commander who be surveying engine damage on one of the spitfire . rafe rafe mccawley , sir. rafe salute as the Air Commander turn and then return the salute , with he leave arm -- he right arm be go . rafe freeze at the sight , remind of Danny 's father . british AIR commander on loan from Colonel doolittle , be it ? rafe that 's I , Sir . british AIR commander good on you , then , rafe mccawley . we will get you situate in some quarter , and then introduce you to the equipment you will be fly . rafe if you be patching up bullet hole right here on the runway , maybe we should skip the housekeep and get right to the plane . british AIR commander be all the yank as anxious as you be to get yourself kill , Lieutenant ? rafe not anxious to die , Sir , anxious to matter . ext . bassingborne airfield - britain - day a spitfire sit on the runway , and it 's badly mangle -- a string of bullet hole punch through at mid-fuselage ; a shot - off chunk of wingtip ; but most strike be the blood still splatter over the inside of the cockpit . british AIR commander good lad . do not die till he would land and shut down he engine . welcome to the war . he walk away , leave rafe to stare at the bloody cockpit . ext . pearl harbor - military base - day Evelyn and the nurse enter the base , riding in two jeep . as they stop at the gate , the guard look at they , especially Evelyn in the lead jeep ; one guard mumble to the other -- guard I have die and go to heaven . the guard lift the bar and smile at the nurse . the jeep drive through . the nurse be loving this island paradise already . barbara you know the ratio of man to woman on this island ? four-thousand ... to one . Barbara slide on a new pair of sunglass with plastic palm tree glue on the side , and call back to the guard as the jeep pull away -- barbara see ya on the beach , boy ! ext . military base - nurse ' quarter - oahu - day as the other nurse happily unpack , Evelyn leave and cross the grass in the drench sunshine . we follow she into -- int . base hospital - day she find a small , immaculately clean hospital , twenty bed with luminous white sheet , all empty . then she notice the view . it 's of Pearl Harbor , with the entire american Pacific fleet riding at anchor . battleship all in a row . aircraft carrier too , in perfect stillness on the aqua blue water with a white sand bottom . the view be expansive and beautiful . the sound of a approach fighter plane with wing gun fire as we -- CUT to : ext . the dark skie over the english channel - day rafe , in the middle of a aerial dogfight , throw he spitfire into a tight turn , swinging around to fire again into a squadron of messerschmidt ; they outnumber the british plane , and they be tougher and faster . rafe dart through they line , machine gun blaze . one of the spitfire in rafe 's squadron have take hit in the engine compartment and be sputtering , lose power , its pilot , nigel , frantic as the german plane swarm into finish he . british pilot ( nigel ) I need help ! someone get they off I ! rafe slam he control stick hard right and go into a power dive at one of the messerschmidt . rafe 's bullet chew up its cockpit and the plane go into a fast corkscrew spiral , down into the water . rafe instantly climb again . Nigel , in the moment of safety rafe have buy he , bail out , he chute blossoming and carry he toward the water . the other british pilot be impressed . other british pilot ( into radio ) Nigel 's out ! I will call in the position ! ( to himself ) that yank be bloody good . rafe swing he plane right back at the Germans ; he attack they head on , just like he go at Danny , only this time he 's fire he machine gun . and over this ferocious dogfight , we hear he letter to Evelyn ... rafe' voice ( letter ) dear Evelyn ... it be cold here . so cold , in a way that go deep into you bone . the messerschmidt in rafe 's sight break apart with the stream of precise fire he pour into it , its prop fly into piece , its disintegration accelerate by its airspeed . before it completely come apart , it explode . rafe go into another tight turn , to get at they again . rafe' voice ( letter ) it 's not easy make friend . two night ago I drank a beer with a couple of the r.a.f. pilot -- beer 's the only thing here that be not cold -- and yesterday both of they get kill ... as rafe start another attack we see he in the cockpit , in the trance of battle , as other spitfire around he be get shot out of the sky ... as we -- dissolve to : ext . hospital - pearl harbor - day Evelyn , receive the letter at mail call . she sit on the grass under a palm tree , in paradise , read he letter . rafe' voice ( letter ) there be one place I can go to find warmth , and that be to think of you . ext . outdoor restaurant - oahu - day Evelyn be off duty , and wear a light cotton dress . she 's let she hair down , and she skin have the sheen of light sweat in the tropical heat . the restaurant be barely more than a shelter of palm wood post with a frond roof , and it look out over the harbor . Evelyn sit alone . she 's bring write paper . as the Hawaiian waiter serve she a icy tropical ambrosia with chunks of pineapple and a fresh plumeria flower float at the rim of the glass , she lift she pen . but before she can start to write , three naval officer move over to she table from the bar . they be out of uniform too , wear garish tropical shirt . navy guy 1 a woman beautiful as you should not be sit alone . buy you a drink ? evelyn thank you ... ensign . the guy look at each other , impressed that she could tell . navy guy 1 ensign ! smart too ! navy guy 2 so how about that drink ? or dinner ? evelyn thank you , but ... I really want to be alone right now . navy guy 3 want to see something long and hard ? he show she the tattoo of a anchor on he forearm . Evelyn look away from they , toward the harbor . evelyn I be sorry . I have get a letter to write . navy guy 3 cold bitch . his friend start to pull he away , but evely n 's eye flare . evelyn what do you say ? navy guy 3 I say you be cold . evelyn cold ? no , I be just think about a war . and maybe you should be too . they leave , shaking they head . Evelyn pick up she pen , and write . evelyn' voice ( letter ) dear rafe ... it 's strange to be so far from you in body , and so close to you in spirit . but if we spirit really give we body life , then you should know this : every night I look at the sunset , and try to draw the last ounce of heat from its long day ... she look toward the sunset now ; then she write again ... ext . bassingborne airfield - britain - night rafe bring he batter plane in for a landing ... int . british airfield barracks - night rafe sit on he cot , read she letter . evelyn' voice ( letter ) ... and send it from my heart to yours . rafe be startle as the Air Commander appear beside he bunk . british AIR commander Air - Sea rescue pick up Nigel . he will be back with we tomorrow . rafe nod , glad to hear the news . the Commander start to walk away , then turn back . british AIR commander some of we look down on the yank for not yet join this war . I would just like to say that if there be many more back home like you , God help anyone who go to war with America . the Commander salute , with he leave hand . and rafe salute too -- with he leave hand . ext . establishing the white house - WASHINGTON D.C. - day the White House look somehow whiter and purer in the glow of 1941 . int . presidential conference room - day general , admiral , and other advisor sit around the polished table -- all male , in suit and in uniform . the door open , and the man all stand . president franklin roosevelt appear , in a wheelchair , push by a huge black valet , GEORGE . the President 's leg be shrivel , brace with the iron support that attach to he shoe and be apparent beneath the cloth of he pin-stripe pants . from the waist up Roosevelt be heavily muscle , powerful , and handsome even in he little spectacle . the valet roll he to the head of the table ; he 's speak even before he settles in . president roosevelt please be seat , gentleman . they sit , as one . president roosevelt churchill and stalin be ask I what I be ask you : how long be America go to pretend the world be not at war ? general marshall we have increase supply shipment to they , Mr. President , and we be lose merchant vessel every day . president roosevelt shift in every destroyer and anti - aircraft weapon you can find . admiral Sir , we Pacific fleet be already down to almost nothing . president roosevelt gentlemen , at this moment the nation of hungry have a larger military then the United States . we have no choice but to draw from whatever we can . ext . establishing tokyo - japan - night int . japanese high command - night the Conference room be similar to that of the White House . but this table be low and all the man sit on the floor . and there be no civilian here ; Japan be now a nation rule by its warrior . the last man to enter the room and take he place be admiral yamamoto . Harvard educate , yamamoto be a object of veneration and suspicion among the man of the war council . yamamoto bow , sit , and look across the table at he friend genda , who can not hide he fear . yamamoto glance to the far end of the table where nishikura , chief of the War Council , sit glower . ( they discussion be in japanese , with subtitles . ) nishikura so you join we , Admiral . some of we think you education at a american university would make you too weak to fight the Americans . yamamoto if knowledge of opponent and careful calculation of danger be take as weakness then I have misunderstand what it mean to be japanese . nishikura the time have come to strike ! or to sit and let the Americans cut off we oil and we future . I know what you whisper to the other , yamamoto -- that the Americans be strong . yet look at they leader . he motion to oyama , a intelligence analyst , who open a file and lay out picture of Roosevelt . oyama Franklin Roosevelt . bear into great wealth . Fifteen year ago , he be stricken with polio . now he can not walk , or even stand without help . photographer will not take picture of he in he chair ; Americans do not wish to know how weak they President be . yamamoto make a low grunt . nishikura you have something to say , yamamoto ? yamamoto the Council know I have oppose fight the Americans . no matter how great we resolve , they have resource beyond ours . if we must go to war , there be only one way -- deal they a blow from which it will take they year to recover . in that time we can conquer all of the Pacific , and they will have no choice but to ask for peace . nishikura you see we as capable of such a blow ? yamamoto the Americans themselves have make it possible . we will annihilate they in a single attack -- at Pearl Harbor . the member of the war council be so pleased with yamamoto that they bow to he . only genda keep he eye raise long enough to see the sadness in yamamoto 's face . ext . pearl harbor - AIR base - barracks - day Danny Walker and he pilot buddy have just arrive ; they enter the barrack , talk happily . red if I be not n-never on a b-boat again , it will be too s-soon . billy where be the woman on this -- Danny have stop before the other ; now all of they see that the other pilot who inhabit this air base be still in they bed , sleep off hangover . they wear Hawaiian shirt ; they have not shave . red they be s-still asleep ! Danny pause for a moment , then shout -- danny Drop you cock and grab you sock , boy ! the terror of the sky be here ! the sleep pilot groan , and cover they head with they pillow . ANTHONY they be all drunk . one guy sit up in bed , he hair point every direction of the compass , he tongue work as if to wipe a terrible taste from he mouth . as he foot dangle over the side of the bunk and one of they touch the floor , a sensation reach he sotte brain ; he raise that foot to look at its bottom , and find a new tattoo , on the sole of he foot ; he blink as if try to remember how it get there . Danny move over to he , and dub he with a name , coma . danny hey . you. Mr. coma . coma where 's that lizard ? danny what lizard ? coma the one that sleep in my mouth last night . danny what the hell happen to you guy ? coma be one of that drunk who speak as if he 's always about to burp . coma ever hear of mai-tai 's ? come ina big ... pot. like ...like ... red a m-missionary ? coma no , like ... coma emit a pukey , toxic burp that have Danny and he buddy wince back from the fume . danny this be a Air base ? where 's you squad commander ? the question soak through to coma 's brain . his right hand point ... and he leave hand point ... in different direction . his hand float around in the air until finally both of they be indicate the same direction , behind he back . in the bunk beyond coma 's be another drunk pilot in a Hawaiian shirt ... and to judge by the shapely bronze leg that protrude from under he damp sheet , there 's a woman with he too . Danny and he buddy be speechless -- except for Red strange . red I th-think I be gonna like it here . coma you guy be new ? danny yeah . coma mai-tai 's . I get this to tell ya , about mai-tai 's . coma 's head drift forward slowly ; they think for a moment he 's look for something under the bed . then he puke . Danny leap back from the splatter , and march out of the barrack ; he friend follow . ext . pearl harbor - airfield - day Danny and he buddy stride up to the airfield . it 's full of fighter plane -- and they be all bunched together in cluster on the field . Danny grab a mechanic . danny hey ! what be this , the plane all bunched up like that ? mechanic the brass be afraid of sabotage . this make them easier to protect -- and easier to service . danny what about easier to hit in a air raid ? mechanic who 's gonna to that ? Japan be four thousand mile away . so you guy just arrive , huh ? danny yeah . mechanic we get a say here . a-low -ha ! the mechanic walk off . Danny and the guy be leave stand on the tarmac . danny well guy ... I reckon there 's just one thing to do ... int . oahu bar - day Danny and the pilot be in Hawaiian shirt , they party in full swing . a bucket-size hollow - out volcano sit in the middle of the table , with twelve straw emerge from the crater . it 's full of booze -- or be ; Danny and the other guy be pull heartily at the straw , and they gurgle as the last liquid be suck dry . red more m-mai-tai' ! coma be sit there with they , beside Red . coma absolutely right . everybody 's have a ball , the new arrival fitting right in with the other . Danny 's a bit off to himself , lose in he own thought . billy and Anthony be do the hula to the Hawaiian music play . coma no , you guy be not do it right . it 's in the hand . they talk story . coma stand and start demonstrate , explain the gesture of he hula . coma Fish swim in ocean ... happy in the mother Sea ... girl , beautiful girl , with big jug , walk into water ... wave lap at she thigh ... ANTHONY I never know that dance be so sophisticated . coma ... Fish nibble at she breast ... coma 's really into he dance , he hand over enormous imaginary breast ; but as he turn toward the window -- coma a more beautiful girl walk by ... the guy see Evelyn pass on the other side of the street , gorgeous in the sunshine . coma 's hand start squeezing the imaginary breast of he hula . billy hey , be not that Evelyn ? Danny move up to look . danny rafe 's girl , Evelyn ? coma you guy know she ?! I gotta have a intro ! man , I would like to -- Danny 's hand be suddenly around coma 's larynx . danny a friend of mine 's in love with she . so you do not even look -- not ever . Danny release he and coma stagger back to the table to nuzzle up to one of the straw of the mai-tai volcano . Danny look out the window again and see Evelyn 's beautiful form disappear around the corner , on she way back to the base hospital . Danny move back to the table , and as two burly Hawaiian waiter set another full load mai-tai volcano onto the center of the table , he pick up a glass and dip it full of the potent liquid . he shout to the whole room -- danny I be a better pilot than any son-of - a - bitch on this island ! so I be the one to say this ! here 's to rafe mccawley ! a better pilot ... and a better man ... than I . the other pilot drink up -- from glass or from straw . other pilot to rafe . Danny drain the whole glass at one chug , and slam it down onto the table . then he blink , put a hand on he stomach , and frown . coma recognize the look . coma uh oh. volcanic eruption ! Danny bend at the waist ; he head obscure by the table . coma shit , he 's puke on my foot ! red well , you p-puke on he foot . coma yeah , but he be wear shoe ! int . admiral kimmel' office - oahu - day admiral kimmel be Commander of the american Pacific fleet . two member of he staff be stand uncomfortably in front of he , have deliver a message from the Joint Chiefs of staff . admiral kimmel ... transfer twelve more destroyer to Atlantic fleet , and all the available anti-aircraft weaponry ?! Washington have go insane ! kimmel 's strategic analyst speak up . strategic analyst we have do what you order , Admiral , and war game the likely outcome of a japanese attack against each of we major basis in the Pacific . wake , guam , midway , the Philippines . in each case , we lose . admiral kimmel you leave out Hawaii . strategic analyst Pearl Harbor can not be attack effectively from the air . it 's too shallow for a aerial torpedo attack . Pearl Harbor 's safe . it 's everywhere else that we be vulnerable . admiral kimmel step up surveillance of japanese communication . they be gonna do something somewhere . I can feel it . ext . the skie above oahu - day a seaplane take tourist on a excursion above Pearl Harbor and around the island of oahu . one japanese tourist shoot picture rapidly ... first of the ship as see from overhead ; then he lean to the other side of the plane and shoot picture of the airfield below they . ext . pearl harbor - day another japanese tourist hike through the hill above Pearl Harbor . he take a excellent camera from he picnic basket , and shoot picture . close - the picture , be carry down a hallway , into -- int . japanese planners office - day the courier place the picture onto the table in front of yamamoto , genda , and the other japanese officer . genda look at the ship -- all group . perfect target ! japanese officer and the plane ! they be -- what be that american expression ? sitting geese ? yamamoto sitting duck . japanese officer how can they be so foolish ? yamamoto they think no one would be stupid enough to attack they at Pearl Harbor . genda or perhaps they think no one be capable . look at this ... he move to a diagram display on the wall -- a simple display show water depth and ship displacement . genda Pearl Harbor 's depth of only forty foot make they feel safe . a torpedo drop from a airplane plunge to one hundred foot before it can level off . that be a conventional torpedo . but we have be experiment . from a stand beside he diagram he take a set of wooden fin , attach to a circular metallic band . genda wooden fin . we be testing they tomorrow . ext . japanese island - day yamamoto and he planner have fly to a quiet japanese island , sunlit and pleasant . they be gather on the shore of the island 's natural harbor . wooden target -- basically huge plank barrier -- be sink into the water like ship at anchor . a squadron of japanese plane zoom overhead , take up attack position . genda we have choose this place because its depth be exactly the same as Pearl Harbor 's . genda speak into a field radio . a lone plane drop out of formation and go into a low - level approach , speed up and drop its torpedo . below the surface we see the torpedo as it plunge at two hundred mile a hour into the sunlit sea . with the wooden fin the torpedo make a sharp dip and level off above the sea floor . above the surface the planner see the path of the torpedo ; it hit the wooden barrier with a satisfy thunk . the planner be impressed -- but yamamoto be not satisfied . yamamoto uncharge torpedoe have different balance . genda I have arrange a live fire drill -- with you permission . yamamoto nod ; genda speak again into he radio , and another plane swoops down and drop a torpedo . genda hold he hand to he ear , cause the other to do the same ; even though they wonder at the need . the torpedo hit the barrier , and the explosion be deafen , and of shocking force ; the entire barrier be blow to toothpick . genda of course against a ship the explosion will not be dissipate , and will have more force . the planner , nearly blow off they foot , nod as if they know that all the time . int . military base - pilot ' barracks - night the pilot be get slicked up . billy be you sure they be here ? ANTHONY if Evelyn 's here , the rest be here ! Red move up beside he to frown at the mirror . his hair be plaster down and parte , he uniform 's immaculate . ANTHONY look good , Red . shut up . Red move away , to polish he shoe . ANTHONY what be it with Red ? I have never see he this way . billy he 's be like that all day . hey Danny , you come ? danny Nah , I be gonna stay here . read . Anthony and billy look at each other ; Danny 's in he bunk , and he 's not read , just stare at the ceiling . int . nurse ' barracks - pearl harbor - night the nurse be primp to go out ; Evelyn be in she uniform get ready to go back to work . barbara now listen , it 's hand off billy . I mean , you can put you hand on he if you want to , but then my hand will break yours . betty he be that good ? barbara no , I be . ext . nurse ' quarter - oahu - night creep through the vegetation , Red lead Anthony and billy to a spot outside the nurse 's barrack ; they can see the girl through the barrack window . billy Red , peep Tom stuff can get we court - marshale . red shhh ! Anthony and billy be baffle , even more so when Red stride into the open , right outside the nurse ' window . and then , Red begin to sing . red ( sing ) oh ... Betty , Betty , Betty , you be the one for I , Betty , Betty , Betty , Betty , can not you see ... Anthony and billy look at each other , dumbfounded . the nurse move to the open window . Red 's sing be pretty good -- though not that good . but he do not stutter when he sing . red ( sing ) I will be yours for eternity , Betty , Betty , Betty , Betty , Betty ! Anthony and billy be hysterical , try to keep they laughter hide . but then they see the effect this be have on the woman -- especially on Betty . she 's smitten . Red repeat the verse , really get into it ; when he finish , Betty run out and hug he , as all the nurse applaud . they move off into the darkness , arm and arm . the nurse go back to they primp . Anthony and billy be change man . Anthony stand up ; billy 's baffle . Anthony move out and start sing . ANTHONY ( sing ) oh Sandra ... I like you ... love you ... he 's terrible . the nurse pelt he with hairbrush , curler , shoe ... ext . bassingborne airfield - britain - day come out of the blustery sky at the end of another deadly day , a squadron of spitfire chirp in for landing . the plane be shot up and batter . rafe be one of the pilot ; the fuselage below he cockpit be mark with four swastikas , symbol of he victory . he taxi to a stop , and be meet by ian , a Scottish mechanic , who be dismay at the state of the plane . ian leapin ' Jesus ! rafe ( climb down ) the strut be loose , the hydraulics be leak , and the electrical system 's short out in the cockpit . ian well which of that three ya want fix ? rafe all of them . rafe start away , and Ian call to he back -- ian if ye would want a bloody cadillac ya should 'a stay in the bloody States ! rafe and if you do not give I a plane that can handle combat , you better start learn to speak german . ian fook ya ! rafe learn English , then ! ian fook ya dooble ! rafe move to the barrack ; Ian keep the fueling hose go , and move to help the armorer reload the gun . int . british airfield barracks - night rafe fall down onto he cot , exhaust . the other pilot do the same , everybody spend from the day 's combat . then they hear the siren . rafe 's out of he bunk , with the other , everybody run . british pilot bloody kraut ! night raid ! ext . bassingborne airfield - britain - night they race across the runway . rafe reach he spitfire , just as Ian be remove the fueling hose . ian I have ' to be able to -- rafe crank she ! Ian give the prop a spin , and the engine roar to life . ian God speed ya , laddie . ext . skie over the english channel - night it 's dark , but there be break in the cloud , give way to patch of light from a full moon . the squadron of spitfire tighten up for battle . rafe be position just right of the squad leader ; he see plane break out of the dark cloud ahead . rafe here they come . the cloud break , revealing a huge attack formation . british squad leader Alpha group , on the bomber ! beta group , take the fighter ! they peel off , into action . ext . the AIR battle over the channel - night we stay with rafe as he and the squad leader rush side by side at the lead bomber , blast away with they gun . int . german bomber - in the AIR - night the spitfire 's bullet rip into the pilot and also kill the nose gunner ; the bomber dip as the copilot struggle to take control . int . rafe , in he spitfire - night as he streak past , rafe see the bomber wobble in the air . rafe we have get he hurt , stay on he ! rafe throw he plane into a ultra-tight , high speed turn , right between the tail of the leader german group and the nose of the second . his turn be so tight that the plane flexe with the g-force . rafe come out of he turn ahead of the squad leader , and race back up through the formation of german bomber , move above they where they weapon and armament be the weakest . he stitches a trail of bullet from tail to nose of the wounded lead bomber ; it begin to smoke . the second spitfire , the squad leader 's , take fire from the other german bomber , and shear off , head through the smoke of the plane rafe have on the rope . rafe we have get he go ! rafe do a half - loop and half -spin , to bring he around to face the bomber again . this time the g-force of the turn pop a oil line inside rafe 's cockpit ; hot , pressurize oil begin to spray everywhere -- all over rafe , he control , and worst of all , over the inside of he cockpit glass . he wipe at the oil with he hand and that just smear it and make it worse . his wingman see he veer away from the bomber ... and see the german fighter move up to meet he . squad leader mccawley ! get to the cloud ! get into the cloud ! rafe , in he plane , be fly blind . rafe I can not see the cloud ! his problem be just beginning ; the fluid be drip down onto he cockpit 's corrode electrical wiring ; the fluid cause a arc ... a spark ... and suddenly a fire be spread through rafe 's plane . he grab he fire extinguisher and triggers a cloud that snuff the fire but fill the entire cockpit with choke smoke ; between that and the smear fluid on he glass , he can not see a thing . and the messerschmidt be swarm over he . rafe 's wingman dive in , rake the german plane as he pass . rafe try to open he cockpit cover to clear the smoke , but it 's jamme ; he pull out he .45 pistol and blam ! blam ! blam ! he blow out the glass ; the smoke clear enough for he to take a breath and try to see . he fight the stick , but the plane will not respond . the messerschmidt rake he again , bullet riddling he engine . squad leader get out of there , mccawley ! get out of there ! rafe 's plane descend , ever faster , pass through cloud , then clear air again . the squad leader try to chase and cover he , but rafe 's drop fast , and still be not out of the plane as the Germans dive on he again , fire . rafe 's spitfire hit the break fog over the water -- the squad leader lose sight of it for a moment -- and then the plane hit , splash and explode all at once . the squad leader wince , and duck into the cloud as he report on he radio ... squad leader mccawley down . no ' chute . ext . battleship west virginia - pearl harbor - day the sailor have assemble on deck for the ship 's heavyweight championship fight , a contest make more interesting to the sailor because one of the combatant be white and the other be black . the battle be more toughness than technique . the guy throw haymaker and shove each other around the roped area , as they shipmate cheer and make wild bet . the white guy dig a punch deep into the black guy 's rib , and the black guy slam a double leave hook into the white guy 's belly , make he back up and say -- white boxer you hit hard -- for a cook . the black guy rush the white guy , only to catch a right cross that wobble he knee and make he stagger , with a fresh cut over he right eye . the white guy now rush in , and the black guy ( he name be dorie miller ) throw a upper cut that drop he opponent like a sack of rock . the sailor cheer wildly . dorie step back , and rub he glove across he brow . it 's really bleed now . ext . military base - day Evelyn be return from church with six of she nurse friend . it 's very quiet on a Sunday morning , almost nobody at the base ; they walk along the path . barbara let 's get into civvy and find a bar . martha right after church ? barbara you have gotta sin some , to get forgiveness . come with we , Evelyn . you need some sin . evelyn I have get to write some requisition . we be undersupply with morphine . betty morphine ? we have be here a month and nobody 's have worse than a sunburn . Evelyn smile softly and walk toward the base hospital . betty I wish she could forget he . barbara you do not forget love , honey . not ever . ext . hospital - pearl harbor - day Evelyn approach the hospital and find the black boxer peer in the window . he 's in a T-shirt and navy pants . evelyn can I help you , sailor ? as dorie turn , she see the cut on he head , close only with a band - aid ; it 's drip blood down he T-shirt . dorie " scuse I , ' Mam . all the ship 's doctor be golf , and I could not find nobody to look at this . evelyn we doctor 's go too . dorie sorry to trouble you . evelyn wait , let I look at that ... you better come in here . int . military base hospital - day Miller be sit on a stool ; Evelyn bathes the wound . evelyn how would you get this ? dorie boxin ' . evelyn win ? dorie yes be . he say it without pride . she put down the basin . evelyn what 's you name ? dorie dorie Miller , ' Mam . evelyn I be Evelyn . and I be just a nurse . but I be not play golf , and that cut need sewing , or else it 's gonna make a big lumpy scar . whatta ya say ? int . hospital - pearl harbor - later Evelyn clip the end of she carefully apply stitches ; dorie 's eye be roll up as if he could watch from inside he skull . evelyn how often you fight like this ? dorie every other Sunday . I be heavyweight champion of the West Virginia . evelyn what do you get for win ? dorie respect . she hand he a mirror . he study she work . dorie no doctor would 'a give I that good . she walk he to the door . dorie thank you , ' Mam . evelyn tell I something , dorie . a man as big as you -- and smart too , you know where to come when you ship could not help -- do you still have to fight with you fist to get respect ? dorie I leave my mama and join the navy to be aman . they make I a cook -- and not even that , really -- I clean up after the other sailor eat . I shine the officer 's shoe . in two year , they have never even let I fire a gun . now Evelyn understand . evelyn you take care , dorie . dorie you too , ' Mam . ext . military base hospital - sunset dorie walk away , down the path between the palm tree . she watch he go , and then be transfix by someone else come , silhouett by the light of the set sun . she can not make out he face , but he 's wear a pilot 's dress uniform , and come to she right out of the warm orange sunset that she have stare at so many time . her heart slam against she rib ; she take a few step forward . evelyn ...- rafe ... she move toward he , and he draw near she , walk slowly . and then she see he face ... it 's Danny . his face as sad as death itself . and even before he tell she , she know . danny Lieutenant ... I be Danny Walker . I be rafe mccawley 's best friend . evelyn be . be not that what you mean ? be . because he 's dead , be not he ? and that 's why you have come . ext . a bench - overlooking pearl harbor - sunset Evelyn and Danny sit on the bench , with a sweeping view of the harbor and the light winking on all around it as the sun settles beyond the horizon . Evelyn be stoic , numb ; Danny be the one who be struggle . danny before rafe leave , he ask I to be the one to tell you , if it happen . evelyn he tell I about you . that he have no other friend like you . danny rafe 's folk have a crop dusting business , own they own plane . Real straight , frugal . my father be the town drunk . go to sleep one night on the railroad track and be still there when the Dawn Express come along . rafe and I be the only one at the funeral . he take I back to he house , and I never leave . evelyn you be more like brother . danny I teach he to drink beer . he teach I how to fly . evelyn he say you be the only one he ever see who be better in the air than he . danny ... he say that ? Evelyn nod , still stare away from Danny . this pierce Danny ; he look away , struggle not to let the emotion pull he completely under . danny look , uh ... rafe 's dad ... he write I with the news , and it take I a couple of day to work up the gut to come here and tell you . I be not as brave as rafe , or as noble . but if there 's anything I can ever do to help -- you let I know , okay ? she stare into the distance . he stand and put he hand on top of hers , as much for he comfort as for hers . danny I understand why rafe love you . you be as strong as he be . since she 's still not look at he , he start to move away . when he reach the turn in the path , he look back , and see she figure in the gather darkness . she 's begin to break down ; and as he watch , she whole body start convulse , and she double up in shatter grief . Danny can not just stand there ; he move back to she , and put a hand on she shoulder . he sit beside she again , and suddenly she turn to he and sob upon he . Danny wrap she gently in he arm , and then he break down , have find the first place he can truly grieve . ext . japanese bombing practice - japanese island - day the japanese have construct a replica of Pearl Harbor on they practice island ; erecting new target barrier and silhouettes of the various ship anchore at Pearl . stream of japanese plane skim overhead in practice bombing run , drop dummy torpedoe and bomb . from a control platform erect on the beach , yamamoto and genda oversee it all . yamamoto everything real except the fact that no one be shoot back at we . genda if we achieve surprise , they will offer little resistance . yamamoto set up team of radio operator to send out message the Americans will intercept , concern every potential american target in the Pacific . include Hawaii -- the clutter will be more confusing that way . genda brilliant , Admiral . yamamoto a brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war . he look out at the plane roaring into he practice harbor at top speed ... int . presidential bedroom - night Roosevelt 's valet lean over he . Roosevelt wake ; beside the valet be a presidential aide . aide Mr. President , we have receive a message from the argentinian ambassador to Japan . his source tell he the japanese be assemble they fleet to attack we . president roosevelt we be pick up warning for every american base in the Pacific . do this ambassador know the target ? aide not for sure . but he think it 's Pearl Harbor . president roosevelt tell the Pentagon . the aide leave quickly and Roosevelt start to get out of bed ; he valet come to help he . president roosevelt no , George , I need the practice , in case there 's a fire . Roosevelt drag himself out of bed , crawl toward the bathroom , he powerful arm drag he lifeless leg . int . pentagon - day admiral and other officer be gather around a giant map of the Pacific . admiral the attack seem inevitable . the question be where ? the way to answer that question be to ask : if we be the japanese , how would we do it ? he nod to a vice admiral , who stand over the map . vice admiral between America and the Far East be the sea lane where the wind and the current make the best route for shipping . Far above be the northern route , between Canada and Russia . between this two be something they call the vacant Sea . if I be the jap , I would send a task force there . you could hide the entire land mass of Asia in the vacant Sea , and nobody would know . admiral so they pop out and attack where ? vice admiral that 's the problem , Admiral . they could hit anywhere they want . nobody have any solution . ext . pacific ocean - day a huge japanese fleet steam toward Hawaii . it be a awesome sight . carrier , battleship , destroyer , and entire battle group , travel under complete radio silence , they hull power through the wave . on the lower deck of the carrier be hundred of plane -- fighter and bomber . ext . pearl harbor - day the american ship be line up at anchor , calm , placid . ext . beach - day the sailor and soldier bask in the sun , play volleyball . the aircraft carrier lexington steam past toward the harbor entrance . volleyball player 1 where 's the lexington go ? volleyball player 2 out on maneuver , like the Enterprise . ext . golf course - oahu - day Men in military haircut -- officer -- stroll the golf course , enjoy themselves . int . dentist office - day the dentist , a ethnic japanese , be work on a patient with he mouth agape . the dentist assistant intrude . dental assistant Dr. takanawa , you have a call from Tokyo . dentist please excuse I . just relax . leave he patient with a mouth full of instrument , the dentist move to he outer office , which look directly out over Pearl Harbor . he speak in japanese . dentist takanawa ... yes ?... he seem confuse by the call , but he respond by look out over the harbor , then say into the receiver -- dentist yes , they be all ... no wait , I see the big one move . the one that 's flat on top , what do they call it ?... int . surveillance base - day some tired Army Intelligence type -- a listener , a tracker , and a intelligence supervisor , be sit at a bank of phone . the listener be a japanese - american . listener here 's something , over the line from Tokyo . he switch on the recording equipment and look to the tracer , sit at a battery of equipment . tracer it 's connect to a local dentist . his office be beside Pearl Harbor . intelligence supervisor this dentist , be he a spy ? listener sound too innocent . his accent be from the old country . somebody official - sounding call , he think it 's discourteous not to respond . int . barber shop - day Admiral kimmel be settling into the barber chair when he aide enter and nod for the barber to move a few pace away , so that he can speak privately . aide Sir , we just have a intelligence intercept . someone from Tokyo call a local dentist whose office look over Pearl . they want to know the exact location of the ship . admiral kimmel someone from Tokyo ask a dentist how the ship be sit ... what be we suppose to do about that ? aide I ... do not know , Sir . but it just seem significant . admiral kimmel have intelligence keep monitoring he . the Admiral sink back into the chair . ext . military base hospital - day a young amateur photographer , about 16 , wear a hat with " picture of paradise " print on it 's crown be ready to snap a shot of Evelyn and she nurse friend have a picnic lunch on the lawn outside the hospital . photographer closer , lady ! closer ! now smile !... great ! next week I will show you a print and you can order you picture of paradise ! he hustle off . Betty hand out picnic basket . betty Barbara , here 's yours ... and Evelyn , here you be . Evelyn open she basket , and find a lei of Hawaiian flower stuff in the top . Betty scoot over and put the flower around Evelyn 's neck . betty it 's be a month and you have not smile . we just want you to know we love you . Evelyn 's touch -- but before she can react two p - 40 's zoom out of the sky , wing clipping the top of the palm tree as they blast over head . int . cockpit be of the p - 40' - day Danny and Anthony be the pilot ; as they pull up and away , they pass over some officer on the golf course , scare the shit out of they as they putt . ext . military base hospital - day the nurse have sprawle to the ground ; now even Evelyn be smile . barbara what be it with nurse and pilot ? ext . military base hospital - pearl harbor - evening Evelyn walk out of the hospital . she 's still wear she lei . the sun be go down in a spectacular sunset . she stare at the orange glow at the edge of the world . she breathes in the sea air , and try to breathe out the sadness . the water of the harbor lap close to where she stand , the sunset polish its surface . she take the lei from she neck , pluck a single flower , and hold it like the rise rafe once give she . then she toss the rest of the lei into the ocean and watch it float away , as the sun sink behind the horizon . int . military base hospital - night Evelyn find she purse , and tuck the flower into it . she 's alone in the hospital , everyone else have go ; she turn she mind toward work , something to lose herself in . ext . military base - near the pilot ' barracks - day Danny be walk toward the barrack when a colonel hopping mad , confront he . colonel you be Walker , right ? danny yes Sir . colonel that be a nice little stunt you pull , buzzing the base . danny you like that ? colonel oh yeah . I like it so much I be cut you out of the squadron . danny Sir ? colonel I do not buy that hot dog shit . so you and you buddy be gonna transfer you plane up to haleiwa . danny hale-what ? colonel you will love it . no base , no bar , just lot of sun and aircraft maintenance . danny Sir , I -- colonel too late for apology , Walker . danny I be not gonna apologize , Sir . I be just gonna say it be worth it to feel like a real pilot again , even if it be only for five second . the Colonel glare at he and stalk away . int . base canteen - night Danny and Evelyn be have coffee at the base canteen . danny how 's everything ? evelyn we get some soldier in traction from a jeep accident , but it 's quiet . except for the occasional fighter plane buzzing we . danny that might not have be such a good idea . they be make we fly out of a half - paved airfield . the real punishment be that I will not be back to the barrack till it 's too late for dinner or coffee . so I guess it 's goodbye for awhile . evelyn I be just think that war be a series of goodby . do you think that 's why we be meeting . to help we say goodbye to rafe ? danny I swore not to talk about he tonight , but there 's all this stuff I think I ought to tell you , that he do not get a chance to . rafe be ... he be lonely . he have such high expectation of himself that he always feel empty . the week he meet you he tell I he feel he heart have always live in winter , and for the first time in he life he have see the spring . he 's be lose in he own thought of rafe ; now he notice the tear welling up in she eye . danny sorry . evelyn he tell I he do not want to leave I with regret . now that 's all I have . danny hey , have you see Pearl Harbor at night ? evelyn well ... sure . danny from the air ? ext . haleiwa AIR field - night a p - 40 take off from the remote airfield , light only by the full moon . int . p- 40 - night Evelyn sit on Danny 's lap , like rafe sit in he daddy 's lap year before . Danny fly easily , the cockpit open , he arm slip under hers . the sky above they be startlingly clear ; a billion star dance around a full moon . evelyn so beautiful ! danny hang on . he spin the plane in a easy half turn , invert they head above Pearl Harbor , gorgeous in the moonlight , the battleship aglow , the moon reflect in the peaceful water , embrace by the island of oahu . ext . haleiwa AIR field - night the p - 40 soar easily in and settles to earth . Danny shut down the engine . Danny carefully remove the harness around she . she look overhead . the star be still bright above they . evelyn I do not realize until tonight that I have stop want to live . she turn in he lap , and look at he . they eye connect . tentatively , almost reluctantly , they kiss . ext . military base hospital - night the Pov of someone move through the gather darkness approach the hospital . the light from within the hospital , and the pristine white bed beneath that light , give the place a kind of glow , where Evelyn move alone and beautiful , like a ballerina in a giant 's jewel box . now we see the shoulder of the figure , from behind , and can tell that it be a man in uniform , but at first we can not tell who . he 's stand dead still , transfix in watch Evelyn through the window . int . base hospital - night Evelyn move to she desk , and sit down . she look at the calender turn back to October , where she write on the square of October 22 , " order supplies " -- she count the week from then to today , December 6 . ext . military base hospital - night we see the full figure of the man watch she . and now we see he face . it be rafe . his leave hand be bandage , but he be very much alive -- though see Evelyn have take he breath , and even seem to have rob he of the power to move . his eye pick up every detail of she -- she face ... she hand . and as rafe watch Evelyn , he have the sudden jolt of subliminal flashbacks ... punctuate by fragment of the letter she write to he , and intercut with rafe in the present , watch Evelyn . evelyn' voice dearest rafe -- in subliminal flashback , rafe' spitfire , crippled and trail smoke , pass through a patch of cloud as rafe hurl himself from the cockpit and jerk the ripcord of he chute . in the present ... rafe 's face wince with the memory , and he rivet he eye on Evelyn , as if to force himself to know that this moment be real . subliminal flashback ... rafe land in the water , and the shock of its coldness travel up he body faster than he body sink into the water . he 's cloak in the fog ; he parachute , push by the wind , be pull he along face down . he fight with the strap , flip himself over , and pull the release ... but he 's still in desperate trouble ; in he fly clothes , he heavy leather jacket soaking with sea-water , he 's go down ; he body sink beneath the surface . evelyn' voice ... every sunset ... in the present , rafe 's chest tremble ... be it from the memory of the freeze water , from the emotion of see Evelyn again -- or both ? subliminal flashbacks -- below the surface of the North Sea , rafe 's body drift , but he fight he way back up ... he kick off he shoe , shed the jacket , strip off he pants and start tie the cuff into knot . then , in a CUT , he be float in the water , he pants turn into a makeshift life preserver , he body shaking convulsively from the cold . then in another CUT we see he after he 's be in the water for so long that he body no longer tremble ; he 's lose consciousness . he have no strength , no will to live ... his face settles into the water ... he body slip from he preserver , and drift beneath the surface ... evelyn' voice ... gather it 's heat into my heart , and send it to you ... in flashback , rafe beneath the surface ... his eye come open . from he Pov beneath the water , he see something above the surface . it 's only in he mind , but that make it no less real ... a orange glow , the warmth of the sunset , and she face above the surface ... his limb come to life , and he fight he way up , break the surface . the whole sea around he be dark and empty , but he grab he makeshift preserver and hold on for dear life ... and for Evelyn . in the present rafe stare through the window , at Evelyn , but he can not go in . he back away from the window . int . pilot' barracks - night a japanese - american message boy park he motorbike outside and enter the barrack . message boy Daniel Walker ?... Danny rise from he bunk and accept the telegram . as the message boy leave , Danny read ... the news he learn stun he ... ext . bench - outside the hospital - night rafe be still lose in think . he hear step run up -- and see Danny -- who spot he at the same moment . danny rafe ! int . military base hospital - night Evelyn put away the calender . ext . military base hospital - night rafe be sit at the bench , he head down . angle - Evelyn on the path ; she see someone on the bench , he form hauntingly familiar . he hear she , and look up . it 's rafe . from Evelyn 's Pov , the whole world spin . she faint . rafe jump to catch she before she slam to the ground . he gather she into he arm , and she look up into he face . he 's real , very real . rafe Evelyn . she 's tremble , shaking . he lift she to she foot , and move she to the bench . rafe I send telegram , I guess the military traffic hold they up . evelyn why be you sit here , instead of ... rafe I see you , I could not go in , I ... just stand there wonder if you know . you look ... sad , and I have to sit down a minute . evelyn how do you ?... rafe ... survive ? I jump in a patch of fog , and nobody could see I . I hit the water hard . and it be so ... cold . he look toward the horizon , when the last light of day fade to black . there 's something he think about say , and do not . then ... rafe I do not know how long I be in the water . a norwegian freighter pick I up . they be head to Spain . they dock in La rota , right beside a german ship , and tell I to stay hide below . I be afraid they would turn I in , so I steal some clothes , jump ship , and find a church , where the priest contact the resistance , and get I on a freighter to New York . he look at she , then look down again . rafe I call my folk , then Colonel doolittle . the Colonel send a man to pick I up . they want to debrief I . I tell the Colonel I need to see somebody first , and he have a supply flight head out in a hour . ( beat ) I have do a lot of talk . you have not say anything . evelyn I be just ... so amaze , so glad to know that you be okay . you be okay , be not you ? rafe nothing that will not heal . I guess . at this word , she look at he for a long , long moment . evelyn it 's be ... so different , be so sure you be dead . rafe I be so sorry for what you must have go through , but I be back . he see the troubled look on she face . rafe maybe I have assume too much . have something change ? ( beat ) I be afraid to ask what . and I be afraid not to . ( beat ) have you fall in love ? she nod ; she can not even say it . rafe 's die inside . rafe it 's all right . Danny always say I see thing with my emotion instead of my eye . evelyn it 's not you fault , rafe . the letter I write you , they -- rafe do not worry about that . guy away from home , lonely , good -heart woman try to cheer they up . evelyn it 's not that I do not mean everything I write . it 's just that -- I think you be dead . and now -- Danny run up , through the darkness . danny you be alive ! rafe and Danny stare at each other ; Danny hesitates , look from rafe to Evelyn , wonder what they have say . then rafe look at Evelyn , and pick up the look on she face . in that moment he put it all together . rafe aw , God . oh my god. Danny 's speechless , and for a moment Evelyn be too . evelyn rafe -- he put up a hand , to silence she , and walk away suddenly . Evelyn and Danny be leave freeze . ext . shore of pearl harbor - night rafe stare out at the harbor , see nothing . as he stand there alone and shattered , he have one more subliminal flashback rafe be in the water of the North Sea ; he seem dead , but he makeshift preserver be keep he face above the surface . something slide through the water and stop beside he ; it 's a dinghy , and behind it be a trawler . hand grab rafe and drag he onto the dinghy ... in a quick CUT , rafe 's body be laid out on the deck of the trawler . the crewmen think he 's dead . his body be stiff , he lip white ; and they say so , in norwegian ... but one of the other crewmen notice a quiver in he eyelid , then quickly cover rafe with he on wool peacoat and press back a eyelid to see he pupil . rafe 's white lip move . the crewmen realize he 's try to say something . and rafe do utter something , barely audible ; something the norwegian crewmen do not understand . rafe Evelyn ... in the present rafe struggle to bury that memory so far that he will never feel it again . ext . nurse ' quarter - night Danny escort Evelyn back to she quarter . danny do not worry . I will find he . he hug she ; they embrace earnest yet tingle with guilt , and Danny leave quickly . Betty step out of the nurse 's quarter and hand Evelyn a telegram . betty this come while you be go . Evelyn know it 's the telegram from rafe , to tell she he 's alive . without open it , she begin to cry , and hurry away from the barrack so the other nurse will not see . ext . hickam field - night Danny cross the tarmac toward the cluster p - 40' . he spot what he 's look for . sitting in the cockpit of one of the p - 40' be rafe . rafe will not look at he . Danny climb up on the wing , and sit down there . danny you would always go sit in a plane whenever you be upset . rafe upset ? why should I be upset ? danny let 's go get a drink . unless you be scared to talk about it . close - a mai-tai volcano clunk onto a table . int . funky oahu bar - day danny drink up . then we will talk . rafe take the challenge , and take a long pull on one of the straw . Red , Anthony , billy , and several other enter the bar . ANTHONY rafe ?! they rush the table ... int . funky oahu bar - later they be all drink , and the whole bar be rock . rafe use glass to show he buddy tactic . rafe they will go under you because they plane be faster , then they run so you can not catch them . but then they will come around and take you from behind -- like some Americans will . the last word bring the group to silence . the other guy drift away , to give they room . rafe sorry . danny why be sorry ? that 's what you feel , it 's better to come out with it . rafe I do not mean it . danny sure you do . so come on . say what you think . rafe waitress ! four beer ! danny you do not wanna put beer over mai-tai . rafe if you can not keep up , do not drink yours . the waitress deliver four bottle to the table . rafe take a slow sip , then stare at Danny . rafe we gotta face some fact here . danny what fact be that ? rafe I understand how it could happen . I know why any guy would love she . and I can not blame you that it happen . you think I be dead , she be grieve , you be try to help she . danny I be grieve too . rafe yeah , right . anyway , you do not know . danny so what be you say ? rafe I be say now you do know . so it 's time for you to fuck off . danny you leave she . how 's that for a fact ? rafe how 's this for a fact ? I love she first . Danny take a long pull of beer , and rafe do the same . danny you know , you be a lousy drinker . drink 's suppose to make man feel bigger . it only make you stupid . and weak . rafe nod thoughtfully , and set down he beer . rafe how 's this ? bam ! he knock Danny out of the chair , flat on he ass . Danny backhand the blood from the corner of he mouth . danny you want it , you get it . he kick rafe in the back of the knee , then mule kick he in the chest as he go down , and the fight be on . the bar 's bouncer , a big samoan , move over to break they up -- but Anthony step in he way . ANTHONY let ‘em fight , they need it . the bouncer toss Anthony aside , but before he can move in to interrupt the fight , Red break a lava volcano of mai-tai over the bouncer 's skull . the bartender pick up the phone to call the m.p. 's . rafe and Danny be exchange punch in the middle of the room . sailor sit at the bar have swing around on they stool to watch the action . the other pilot be wince with the punch they friend exchange , and bob and weaving as if in the fight themselves . a sailor tape billy . sailor be this a private fight or can anybody jump in ? billy hit he . the whole bar erupt . rafe and Danny be really have at it , fuel by so much emotion that nothing hurt . they be on the floor now , try to rip each other apart . they struggle to they foot and rafe manage to knee Danny in the ball . Danny double over in pain . rafe that hurt ? I do not think you have any ball . without look up , Danny lunge at rafe , tackle he around the waist , drive he at the wall . but they do not hit the wall ; they tumble through the back window of the bar -- not cover in glass , but frond and wood -- and out into the back alley . they're lie there in the debris when they see the m.p. jeep come . they drag each other to they foot , and run away . ext . pacific ocean - night the japanese task force rumble through the night , the bow of the great ship blast through the crash wave . int . aircraft carrier akagi - night yamamoto 's flagship . the clock reach midnight , and a sailor tear off it 's calender . it 's December 7 , 1941 . yamamoto the submarine will be reach the harbor soon . I hope they do not set off the alarm too soon . ext . pacific ocean - near pearl harbor - night a american destroyer , the selfridge , lead a squadron of destroyer on patrol , near the entrance of Pearl Harbor . lookout on the bridge think they spot something . int . control room - destroyer selfridge - night the watch officer listen to a report on he headset and turn to the captain . watch officer Captain , lookout report a sighting , two point off the starboard beam . the sonar operator look up and nod . selfridge captain how big ? sonar operator .».. I have lose it . selfridge captain probably a blackfish . I have see they look like sub . ext . pacific ocean - near pearl harbor - night another destroyer , the ralph talbot , cruise behind the selfridge . on it 's bridge , the duty officer speak to the captain . duty officer Sir , selfridge report a contact , then lose it . now we sonar report the contact . the Captain look toward the selfridge , then train he binocular on the water be the duty Officer point . he see something dark and black slip along beneath the surface . he get onto he intercom . captain of the ralph talbot Radio room ! raise the selfridge . tell the squadron Commander we have spot a sub and request permission to depth charge . he look again at the black shape , pass a few hundred yard from they . captain of the ralph talbot we be five mile from Pearl Harbor and it 's move in from the open sea . prepare to move to attack speed . the intercom come alive . intercom Sir , the squadron Commander on selfridge deny permission . captain of the ralph talbot what ? intercom deny , Sir . he say it 's a blackfish . the Captain choke back he frustration and shut down the intercom -- but then he say to the duty Officer , as they watch the shape disappear toward Pearl Harbor ... captain of the ralph talbot if it 's a blackfish , it have a motorboat up it 's ass ! ext . oahu - road - night Danny have pull he buick convertible off the road ; rafe be bent over , he head out of frame ; he 's throw up . Danny 's bang up from the fight and still drunk himself ; he wait beside rafe , who choke out between heave -- rafe how come you be not pukin ' ? danny I guess I be use to it . I have feel like throw up every minute since you get back . rafe straighten up , but the wave of sickness come back over he and he bend over again . Danny look at he friend , and the pain be write on Danny 's face . danny do not blame she , rafe . it 's not like you be think . rafe ( between heave ) fuck you . danny she love you . I know that . and part of what she love in I be how much of you she see in I . rafe do not seem to be listen ; but Danny know he be . danny we be both tear up . I start drop by to see she , because we understand what each other feel . we would have coffee and try not to talk about you , but we always would . rafe stand to face Danny ; this be hard for Danny to say . danny she say I be so much like you . I say , no , I be not . I be like I be because of you , but I be not you , not as good as you . everybody else see I as a loser with a big chip on he shoulder . but you see the better part of I , the part of I that could be like you , and change I . you make I who I be . rafe how sweet . be that when you put the move on she ? Danny slam he fist into rafe 's sick gut . rafe double over again , cough , nothing leave in he belly to come up . rafe stand slowly , nodd as if he know the punch be what he deserve . Danny 's about to apologize when once more rafe knee he in the ball . Danny fold up , drop to he knee , and start to retch . rafe that 's better . rafe crawl into the back seat of the car and pass out , Danny still collapse at the side of the road . ext . pacific - night the japanese task force storm on . int . japanese aircraft carrier - night in the prep deck , the plane be be armed with bomb and torpedoe . in the pilot ' quarter , the pilot individually sit before personal shrine , say private prayer , write letter . ext . japanese carrier - flight deck - night the plane be bring up on the elevator ; deck crewmen start roll they into position . ext . under the surface of the pacific - night a japanese submarine with a midget sub attach to its hull run silently toward Pearl Harbor . ext . ocean surface - night the periscope of the submarine break the surface . int . japanese sub - night the sub commander look through the periscope and see the light of oahu far in the distance . sub commander prepare to launch midget sub . int . bunk area of sub , between torpedoe - night the sailor who will drive the midget sub complete he ceremonial sponge bath , and place a handwritten letter on he personal shrine . sailor' voice ( letter ) my revere father , I go now to fulfill my mission and my destiny . int . the launch of the midget sub - night we see the sub surface , and the sailor exit the main hatch of the big sub , then force himself through the tiny hatch of the midget sub . sailor' voice ( letter ) I hope it be a destiny that will bring honor to we family , and if it require my life I will sacrifice it gladly , if you can think of I and my hope to be a good servant of we nation , and a worthy son . with love and devotion , kazuyoshi . ext . flight deck , japanese carrier - night a single scout plane launch into the air . int . scout plane - night the plane climb to a high altitude , toward the dawn and Pearl Harbor . ext . pacific ocean - night the japanese carrier turn into the wind and raise combat pennant . a color guard raise the japanese flag as the deck crew stand at attention , see the rise - sun flag snap potently in the wind . ext . japanese aircraft carrier - night the first wave of japanese plane begin to launch . it be a stir sight for the japanese ; the pilot wait in they cockpit , the officer watch from the bridge , the seamen on the flight deck . the first plane taxi along the flight deck and lift into the sky . the seamen cheer and wave they cap . ext . pacific ocean - near pearl harbor - night the american destroyer ward cut through the water , move back into port after a night patrol . it 's captain be on the bridge , and its lookout be still scan the water . lookout Captain , do you see that , in we wake ? the Captain raise he binocular and look out behind the ship . he see something small and black there . captain of the ward that 's a con tower . officer could it be one of ours ? captain of the ward he 's try to follow we through the sub net , into the harbor . sink the son of a bitch . ext . deck of the destroyer ward - night the deck gun bark , aim toward the con tower of the japanese sub in the distance . the first shot sail directly over the tower , miss . int . the sub' control room - night the japanese sub commander see , through he periscope , the flame erupt on the Ward 's deck ; he 's be fire upon . he snap order -- japanese sub captain dive ! dive ! ext . the deck of the ward - night the gunner snap in another shell and fire again . it 's a direct hit , the sub be rip apart , it roll over . int . ward be bridge - night the Captain watch the sub sink and snap a order . captain of the ward fleet command , from destroyer Ward . have fire upon and sink enemy submarine seek to enter Pearl Harbor . ext . establishing - radar station - pearl harbor - dawn int . radar station - pearl harbor - dawn there be two guy leave in the room , yawn over they new radar equipment . the Officer , ellis , check he watch ; it 's a few minute after seven a.m . ellis time to shut she down . that be a good first session . you will get the hang of this new radar soon . private thank you , sir. hey ... what 's this ? his screen show a huge cloud of blip , head toward they . ellis I have never see anything like that before . he get on the telephone . int . army headquarters - dawn the phone ring and a officer answer . officer watch command ... come from which direction ?... hold on . he cover the phone and tell he commander -- officer radar station have pick up a cloud of blip , come in from the northeast . he switch on the radio , and tune it to kgmb ; hearing the Hawaiian music reassure he something ... commander kgmb be on early . that mean we have get a flight of B - 17 's come in from the mainland , they use the radio music for a home beacon . int . radar station - pearl harbor - dawn dismay , Ellis listen to the response from the headquarters . ellis all right , sir. ( he hang up ) they say do not worry about it . he and the private look again at the cloud of blip -- grow ever larger , and move in fast . ext . the skie above the pacific - day the japanese formation be streaking through the sky . int . the cockpit - day the japanese bomber , with three - man crew , be listen to the Hawaiian music of the radio station , use it for they home beacon . they look out and see the sunrise -- it 's beautiful , and resemble the japanese flag . ext . skie above pearl harbor - dawn the japanese scout plane be high in the air . it radio -- scout plane pilot Harbor quiet . ship in place . carrier go . int . bridge of yamamoto' carrier - day yamamoto be hand this message . yamamoto we have achieve surprise , but they carrier be not in port . I do not like this . genda we have a fighter screen up , in case we be attack , Admiral . yamamoto we must go ahead . this be we moment . int . admiral kimmel be home - day the Admiral , dress in he golf clothes , be leave he home when a naval lieutenant appear at he door . lieutenant Admiral , one of we destroyer report sink a sub on its way into Pearl . admiral kimmel relay that to Washington ... and cancel my golf game . int . admiral kimmel' office - oahu - day kimmel enter he office , and be hand the latest dispatch . admiral kimmel any response from Washington ? kimmel' aide nothing , sir. ext . western union office - pearl harbor - day a telegram , address to Admiral kimmel , land in the regular , not urgent , dispatch box . the messenger handle it promptly , hopping on he motorbike to deliver it . ext . skie above the pacific - day the japanese plane increase throttle and nose down , diving toward the surface , hurtle into attack mode . ext . pearl harbor - day the harbor lie quiet . it 's a sleepy Sunday morning . Children be play , officer be step from they house in they short to get the morning paper ... ext . mountainside - oahu - day Hawaiian Boy scout be hike on a side of one of the mountain overlook Pearl . suddenly booming over the mountain , barely ten foot above the summit , come a stream of plane . the boy be awed . what be this ? ext . pearl harbor - day quick intercut - between the approach of the japanese plane , and sleepy Pearl Harbor ... -- the plane , in formation , they propeller spin , they engine throbbing ... -- Pearl Harbor , with the ship silent , they engine cold , they anchor steady on the harbor bottom . -- the japanese submarine head in . -- the american destroyer docking , instead of go out to search for they . -- another formation of japanese bomber climb high , into attack position . -- the japanese torpedo plane drop down to the level of the ocean , they engine beginning to scream . -- the american plane bunched on the airfield . -- on the japanese carrier , yamamoto and he staff huddle tensely , over they battle map . on the japanese carrier deck , the second wave of plane be be bring up and load with munition ... the japanese flag snap tautly in the wind ... on the gold course near pearl harbor , american officer be laugh on the put green near the club house , where the american flag droops from the flag pole , limply at peace . -- the japanese plane roaring down just over the wave top of Pearl Harbor itself . -- Children play in the early morning sun , look up as they see the plane flash by . the child look -- they have never see this many , fly this low ... but they be not alarmed , only curious . the image come faster and faster , the collision of Japan 's determination and american 's innocence ... ext . deck of oklahoma - day two sailor be stand on the deck , share a smoke , look out over the quiet harbor . one of they see the first few plane streaking in . sailor 1 look at that . sailor 2 it 's the Army again , practice on we . something drop from the lead plane and splashes easily into the water ; the plane bank away . sailor 2 practice torpedoe . a white streak run through the water at they . sailor 2 now listen , you will hear a little thud when it hit the side of the ship . they watch it rush at they ... then , a massive explosion ! it throw up a fifty foot wall of water , hurl the sailor and everything else on the deck into the sea . ext . the attack on pearl harbor - day -- the first wave of plane drop more torpedoe ; they plunge beneath the surface , they wooden fin work perfectly , the torpedoe speed to they target ... we see they awesome blast against the anchore ship as the torpedoe hit home . -- the japanese low altitude bomber come in ; some drop they bomb directly into the ship ; some skip they bomb across the water , the bomb glance off the surface and then slamm the side of battleship with tremendous explosion . -- inside the ship , sleep sailor be throw from they bunk ; that already awaken run for they battle station , and try to make it up to the deck ; but there 's no escape there , as ... -- Zero fighter plane strafe the ship , rake the deck and kill sailor with machine gun FIRE . ext . on the american ship - day Fire and smoke be turn everything into chaos . some sailor rush to man the gun , they find the ammo box lock . under the bombing and strafing , they find a wrench and start pound on the lock , try to break open the ammo box . then they break open the lock -- and find the ammo box empty . sailor shit ! I will get some ammo ! he run for the ladder , and be shot down before he get there . ext . skie over pearl harbor - day the dive bomber scream in . ext . deck of the west virginia - day bomb be hit the deck . sailor be blow into the air and out into the oily water . nearby ship be catch fire ; the flame spread out onto the oily water itself . int . below deck of the west virginia - day dorie Miller , the box champion / kitchen helper , be work pick up the breakfast trays when he feel the ship shudder . the intercom come alive -- intercom Battle station ! Battle station ! this be not a drill ! Men run to the ladder , and the shaking of the ship from a bomb blast toss they off ; dorie 's at the foot of the ladder when man fall back on top of he . ext . bridge of west virginia - day the Captain of the ship have reach the command bridge , where most of he staff be lie wounded from a bomb blast . captain of the west virginia stay calm ! find you position . medics , get the wounded to sick bay ! load and -- more torpedoe and bomb blast into the ship . a big chunk of shrapnel tear into the Captain and rip he stomach open . the medic he be just direct to other man now run to he , as the man they be go to help have be blow apart . ext . deck of the west virginia - day sailor run up from below and be gun down and blast down before they can reach they weapon . dorie Miller emerge from below deck and see the carnage , the confusion . a bloody officer grab he . bloody officer Boy ! we need stretcher bearer on the bridge ! dorie run into the fire and smoke , toward the bridge . ext . bridge of the west virginia - day dorie arrive to see the medic crouch over the disembowel Captain , who be still give order . captain of the west virginia Radio for air cover . organize the other medic . initiate fire control . dorie help the medic lift the Captain to take he below . int . below deck of the west virginia - day dorie carry the Captain down the ladder by himself , use one arm to climb and one to hold the Captain like a child 's teddy bear . when they reach the bottom the pain have grow too much for the Captain ; he know 's he 's die . captain of the west virginia put I down here . dorie put he down ; the medic jump down the ladder and reach the Captain , who tell he -- captain of the west virginia find my executive officer and tell he he 's in command . tell he to fire the boiler and ... he tremble in death throes ... captain of the west virginia make sure the gunner have enough ammuni -- he 's dead . the medic run toward the ladder , reach the hatch , and be blast back to the bottom by a explosion overhead . dorie run for the ladder , and climb out into hell . ext . deck of the west virginia - day dorie emerge into even great carnage and confusion . a sailor , he body on fire , run past and leap into the oily water -- but it be in flame too . then dorie see it : a unmanned anti-aircraft gun . he run to it , through the strafing . the gun already have a belt of ammo in it -- apparently load by the gunner who lie beside it with he chest shot open . dorie swing the business end of the gun toward the Zero come in out of the smoke , and he begin to fire . the Zero keep come and he keep fire ; nothing on earth will knock he from that gun . int . nurse ' barracks - day Evelyn be up , dress ; she roommate be just stir . ext . nurse ' quarter - oahu - day Evelyn have step to the door when she hear a distant rumble and look across the harbor to see smoke rise , ship take hit . evelyn oh my God ... everybody to the hospital ! as she run , japanese plane be come toward the base . ext . the mess hall at hickam field - day the man be sit down to breakfast , but the machine gun bullet tear up the outer wall have they clogging the door , and it 's so clogge they can not all get out . a steel bomb crash through the roof and slam through the room , take out table and chair before bounce off the wall and come to a stop . two soldier , trap within the mess hall , see it stop without detonate . they be bug -ey , heart stop . mess hall soldier dud. the bomb detonate , blow everything to bloody dust . int . hospital - day Evelyn reach the hospital first and run to the cabinet , withdraw supplies . Barbara and Sandra appear at the far door , both terrify . evelyn get everything out ! bandage , suture -- oh God , the man in traction ... come with I ! she race into the hallway , the other two follow . int . hospital - traction ward - day four man from a jeep accident be lie in traction , they caste limb roped in the air . Evelyn run in , grab a razor blade from the medical cabinet -- and tell Barbara and Sandra . evelyn cut they down , and take cover !! hurry ! bomb be fall outside , on the airfield this wing of the hospital face . Evelyn slice the traction rope of a man with both leg break ; ignore he groan , she roll he out of the bed and cover he with the mattress . the other nurse follow she lead . the bomb be come toward the hospital ward ; Evelyn finish with the fourth man and cover he and herself with the mattress , just as a bomb crater outside the window . the nurse and patient look up after the explosion have pass ; there 's a chunk of smoking shrapnel lie on the spring of the bunk where the last man have be lie . ext . hickam field - day the japanese low - altitude bomber , with Zero escort , zoom in over the field , blast the cluster of american warplane , whole squadron take out with one bomb . the mechanic and pilot , catch in the open , run from the strafing . the Zero rake they down with machine gun fire . it 's carnage . ext . photographer' house - day sammy , the amateur photographer , be leave he house for a morning of work he " picture of paradise " business , when he see the japanese formation rumbling toward Pearl . he race back inside . int . photographer' house - day he fish into he drawer for a film camera , and dig out can of film , struggle to load it as he run back out . int . hickam field - barracks - day the pilot of Danny 's squadron have return from they night of drink and brawling and be crash on they bunk . Red stir and stagger toward the head ; he bump into the wall , back up like a wind - up toy and lurch blindly forward again , into -- int . barracks - the head - day Red sleepwalk to the urinal and unleash a marathon piss stream , still in he sleep . a rumble penetrate he brain , and he eye come open a fraction . through the window slit above the urinal , he can see a cloud of japanese plane rush past . he squeeze he eye shut , and look again ; the plane start bombing the distant hanger . Red piss along the wall as he race to the barrack , try to get he pecker back into he drawer . he shout to the sleep guy -- red th-th - th - th - th - he slap he face with both hand , and stomp he foot ... red th-th - th - th - dammit ! th-th - th - he still can not get it out , can not wake they ; burst with frustration , he suddenly blast out sing -- red ( sing ) the jaaap !! the jaaap !! he 's belting it like a baritone in a bizarre opera . his friend stir ; what the hell ? Red point outside and try to talk , but now he can not mutter a syllable . the guy hear the explosion , and realize ... ext . hickam field - barracks - day the pilot stagger out , half drunk , half dress . see what 's happen , they race toward the flight line , where the cluster american plane be blow up in group , and the pilot be knock to the ground . billy goddamn jap ! billy jump to he foot and start to run toward a cluster of fighter that have not go up yet . ANTHONY billy ! Anthony try to grab he and drag he back to earth but he miss ; billy get a few step before the fire froma strafing Zero catch up to he ; he friend watch in horror as billy get short as he run ; the Zero 's machine gun fire be saw he leg off from the foot up . billy fall , legless but still alive ; then a bomb fall almost on top of he , send body part over the pilot . they innocence , like America 's , be go in that moment . ext . road to MAIN airfield - day Danny and rafe be in Danny 's buick , hang over and asleep , Danny in front , rafe in back , and they be a miserable sight -- they shirt rip , blood dry in a leak trail from one side of rafe 's nose and the corner of Danny 's mouth . the rumble of plane move overhead make they stir ; the rumble grow huge , as the shadow of a massive formation make the sunlight flicker . Danny and rafe squint up , they head pound , and realize what they be see . suddenly they headache be go , and Danny 's gun the buick down the road , toward the base . ext . AIR base - day Danny blast through the main gate ; the guard be too busy take cover and have not even close the barrier . he race to the tarmac , where some of the plane be still undamage . rafe be out the door before the car stop roll , and Danny 's right behind he . they be run toward a cluster of fighter , when it go up with a bomb blast . rafe and Danny dive at each other ; they first instinct be to cover they best friend with they own body . they look at each other on the ground . they see machine gun bullet thudding into the plane on the flight line , and rip along the wall of the building . it 's as if the whole japanese airforce be attack this one base , and not leave a single plane airworthy . rafe get I into a plane ! danny come on ! Danny sprint ; rafe follow . Danny reach a phone booth , and dig a dime from he pants . rafe you be make a phone call ?! Danny dial , as wave of bullet sweep the area , and more plane blow up on the flight line . rafe think he 's lose he mind . danny ( into phone ) this be Walker ! we be under attack ! get that plane fuel and armed right now ! he run back toward the car ; rafe , in the nonsense of battle , reach in to hang up the receiver , before Danny grab he and lead he on a sprint to the car , as the phone booth shatter behind they from the strafing . on the way to the car they dive back to the ground to avoid strafing -- and see they friend lie nearby , in shock . ANTHONY they get billy . danny come with we ! he and rafe jump up and run again . Anthony , Red , and several other pilot reach the buick and dive in . Danny drive away , through the strafing . rafe where be we go ? danny auxiliary field at haleiwa , ten mile north of here . rafe what 's there ? danny six p - 40' . as the Zero pilot see the buick move , they go after it . Danny drive like a madman through the strafing , zigzagge and gun the buick 's V - 8 . ext . the oklahoma - still at anchor - day the number of attack plane seem endless -- and they strategy flawless . torpedoes hit one ship lift its hull with a blast , enable the next wave of torpedoe to rush under and hit the next ship anchore behind . the american battleship be bob like see-saw . the oklahoma take a entire barrage of torpedoe , blow thirty foot hole along it 's hull ; the ship immediately begin to list . int . the oklahoma - day Doors be wedge shut by the deformation of the structure ; vertical ladder be become horizontal , and water be pour in . Men fight they way up against the water . int . inner compartment of the oklahoma - day Water be up to the trap sailor 's waist when they grab a wrench and start take turn pound $ .0.S. in morse code on the bulkhead . ext . deck of oklahoma - day as the list grow more severe , sailor start jump from the deck into the water . still the Marines on deck be fire back at the plane ; some Marines be even use handgun . but courage do not save they ... the oklahoma roll over the man still on its deck try to run , but it 's not just the fire and the water they can not escape ; the gun turret 's 1400 pound shell break loose with the capsize of the ship and tumble through everything like massive wreck ball . the sailor and marine , throw into the water , struggle to get away from the suction as the giant battleship turn turtle . below the water man be suck down with amazing force , every hair on they head stream behind they as they be snatch to the depth . inside the oklahoma , everyone and everything be spilling upside down . the ship 's generator sputter out and the light go out . the flashlight of the few sailor who can find they cut raggedly through the darkness , and water spill in . there be no escape . below the water , the Oklahoma 's superstructure hit bottom ; some man be crush there . for other it 's salvation , as the backwash blow they toward the surface . on the surface the man be launch almost completely out of the water , before splash back into the water and burn oil . a few foot of the steel hull and a portion of the propeller protrude above the surface , but most of the Oklahoma be under water . Men in the water swim toward a medical launch carry wounded away from the wreckage . a bomb hit the launch and blow body part everywhere . int . oklahoma - rear compartment in one compartment there be a dozen trap man . they have survive the roll - over , and be in a chaotic world where the floor be now the ceiling . the water be up they waist . some of the sailor be panic . one sailor have a flashlight and switch it on , flash the light from face to face . sailor with the flashlight do not panic ! do not panic ! panicked sailor the water 's rise ! it 's come up , we be all gonna drow ! sailor with the flashlight the air pressure will equalize it ! but the water keep rise , along with they fear . several of the sailor be still scream ... the water 's already to they belly . one of they grab a wrench and start slamm morse code against the bulkhead . one sailor in the middle of the room be particularly panicked , not just yell but cry and whimper -- terrified sailor get I out ! get I out ! sailor with the flashlight stop it ! come on ! save you air ! terrified sailor my foot' caught ! he 's at the lower end of the compartment , where the water be deeper -- the ship 's nose be lower than she stern . the water 's up to the guy 's neck . the man with the flashlight dive down , and find the guy foot wedge together in the pipe of the ship ceiling -- now they floor . he pop up again . the water 's up to the trap guy 's mouth ; he 's already gag . sailor with the flashlight be there a hacksaw in that locker ?! they open it ; tool spill out -- among they be a hacksaw . they hand it to he ; the sailor dive down and cut off the guy 's foot . the trap man be underwater , muffle he scream . he come free , and surface gasp . his severe foot float to the surface and then the horror really hit they . the sailor with the flashlight pop up , in the blossoming of blood . he and another sailor tie a tourniquet around the stump , to stop the bleed . the drama of this have cause the other trap man to stop they signal . now they start bang , twice as loudly as before . ext . haleiwa - auxiliary airfield - day haleiwa be a tiny airfield , tuck among the green volcanic hill ; its barely paved , and it 's only permanent building be a quonset hut . a mechanic name earl , be out with the p - 40' ; and this be spread out , not bunched . earl and the p - 40' the plane here have receive loving care from Earl -- which mean lot of cursing ; as he 's wrestle to load a ammo belt , he yell . sum-bitch ! the buick , bullet hole punch through the truck , slide to a stop near the plane , and the pilot jump out . danny they ready , Earl ? earl they will all fly , but -- oh , shit ... what stop he be the cloud of Zero and dive bomber , shriek in . danny cover ! the guy scatter . there be sandbag around the hut , and they run there , diving into it 's shelter just before the first strafing pass , when a Zero strafe one of the p - 40' and a dive bomber blast another . Earl stand up in shock and fury . earl you absolute mother - fuckin ' son of a bitch ! you shot one of my plane ! Danny pull he down , as the Zero roar overhead . danny this be not a little feud , Earl , it 's World War two ! rafe they be come around for another pass . you get extra weapon and ammo ? earl cock-suckin ' right I do !! in the gun locker ! danny you guy get that ! Earl , rafe , come with I ! Danny , rafe and Earl run to the plane that get hit and strip out the 20 mm cannon and ammo . int . quonset hut - day the other pilot run in , throw open the gun locker , and start grab weapon -- aircraft machine gun , ammo belt , one even grab a rifle . sandbags by the shed the two group run back and start to set up . rafe Danny , over there ! we be in a canyon , they will come straight down it , we will get ‘em in a crossfire . Danny , rafe and Earl run to a gully opposite the shed and set up there , as the other pilot brace the machine gun against the sandbag . the japanese plane attack again . this time the lead plane hit a wall of steel fire from the combine gun ; the bullet chew into the bomb it carry and the plane explode . the airborne debris make the follow plane shear off . Red 's stand , fire ; he yell at the Zero -- red D - do not like it when we fight back , do ya ! Red run out with he machine gun and keep fire even when the plane have pass , try to shoot they right up the ass . danny Earl ! you say the plane be ready but -- but what ? earl of the four leave , only one be full of fuel . rafe will the other get into the air ? Earl shoot a look to rafe , then turn to Danny . earl Danny , I do not like this fuckin ' guy . danny Anthony , Red , stay with the gun ! coma , you cover the cannon ! Joe , theo , come with we ! Earl , you get on the radio ! we be gonna fight this fucker . two of the pilot , Joe and theo , run to Danny . joe how do we do it ? danny you call , rafe . rafe get roll as fast as you can . stay low ! we will use the topography to separate they and then we can take them one on one . they race toward the plane , and the japanese attack again . see the pilot run for the p - 40' , the Zero aim for they ; rafe and Danny race for the most distant of the plane ; Joe and theo run for the closer plane , through the dusty bullet hit . theo make he plane and be just strapping himself in when bullet stitch he fuselage , wound he . he still force the plane forward . he taxi twenty foot and he cockpit get chop up and the plane arch into a right turn and putter to a stop , theo dead at the control . Joe do not bother to strap in ; he hit the throttle hard and head down the runway ... the Zero be on he as he get ten foot of air at 120 m.p.h . the Zero 's bullet eat he canopy and plane skin ; the plane break apart in mid air , spilling in gout of flame as it smashes down on the tarmac . rafe and Danny have reach the more distant p - 40 's and be revving they engine as they see Joe and theo 's fate . they throw on they radio headsets . they way seem block : they have get no runway behind they , the wreckage of four p - 40 's scattered ahead of they , and the Zero scream over the low hill to attack they . now rafe and Danny talk through the radio . danny it 's tight . rafe tighter and a bull ass in fly season . do not hit the barn . they gun they engine and roll through the grass on either side of the runway , dodging the burn plane ; they lift off , clear the quonset hut by a couple of inch . they blow right through the strafing fire , and into the sky . eight Zero be all over they . Earl be in the hut , on the radio and watch through binocular . earl I see six ... seven ... eight of the cocksucker ! do not let ‘em hurt my plane . Danny 's swiveling in he seat , look leave , right , back . danny they be all over we ! rafe Bet they do not dust crop in Japan . Danny understand immediately , follow rafe 's tactic as he break into a sharp turn and use the hut , palm tree , and low hill to shake the jap . they fly like crop duster , skim down a foot from the ground , then bob up , banking leave and right . the Zero have divide into two group to chase they , they wing clipping tree top as they try to follow the Americans . it feel like a 200 m.p.h. car chase , 20 foot off the ground , rafe and Danny skim and bob over the terrain , but there be too many japanese . rafe Danny ! let 's play some chicken ! Danny bank in one direction , rafe in another ... ext . over the landing strip - day the two p - 40' be scream , rush at each other like they do at the training base back in the state , fly right into each other 's propeller ; the japanese head after they realize they be rush headlong at the other group ... earl oh shit , oh shit ... he can not even watch . at the last instant rafe and Danny snap a quarter spin so the plane flash by belly to belly . two of the Zero collide in mid-air , explode , as the other Zero scatter . ext . skie above pearl harbor - day Danny and rafe rejoin each other in the open sky ; they have lose the Zero . the p - 40' be fly smoothly , side by side . the two pilot look across at each other , go into battle together . they speak through they radio . rafe you hear my okay ? danny yeah . so you can call I if you need help . rafe I get a half a tank . you ? danny Little less . he fire a short burst to see if he gun work ; they do . rafe do the same . up ahead they see a formation of japanese plane , head toward Pearl . rafe they be in strafing formation , we will blow right through they line . they look across at each other . rafe land of the free . danny Home of the brave . side by side the p - 40 's scream in . ext . above oahu - the dogfight - day the japanese plane be in tight , discipline formation , they mind on the target below they in the harbor . but they day of shoot sit duck change as the two p - 40 's blast in , wing gun blaze , chopping into two Zero . both Zero falter and begin to lose altitude . the p - 40 's make almost impossible tight turn , still side - by-side , and go after the two plane they crippled on the first pass . rafe finish one Zero , make it explode in a ball of flame in the air . Danny finish the other , shoot off its wing so that it spiral into the sea and crash there . the p - 40 's swoop up again . rafe they be try to hold formation . we can chew ‘em up ! the p - 40 's dig in again , swoop down on the line of Zero . rafe hit first , machine gun one plane , and Danny come in behind it , finish it off . the japanese pilot be scream at each other over they radio , but they squadron commander see Pearl Harbor ahead , and tell they -- japanese squadron commander hold the line ! the p - 40 's come through again , they gun spitting fire . ext . another japanese formation of bomber - day this plane be different -- high altitude bomber with three - man crew , high above the harbor . the bombardier look through he sight and the bomb bay open . through the bombardier sight , the ship look like top , far below . the bombardier be tick off the target as they pass , the first two he mention already burn . japanese bombardier West Virginia ... Oklahoma ... ah , Arizona . he flip he bomb switch , and a huge steel bomb fall away . ext . the flight of the bomb - day we stay with the bomb as it fall through the sky . the small propeller on the bomb 's nose spin in the air , run the arming mechanism into the bomb 's explosive core . the bomb wobble a bit at first , but then as it gather speed its fin stabilize it , and it fall faster and faster , at a dizzying rate , toward the Arizona . it slam through the teak wood deck , and break it like matchstick . it 's tremendous weight and speed carry it through the next deck , and the next , deep into the heart of the ship ... toward the powder room , where two million pound of black powder be wait . the bomb hit there , and the explosion be almost beyond comprehension . over 1400 man die instantly . ext . pearl harbor - day the battleship Arizona leap into the air , the ship 's spine be break , it 's gut rip open in one explosive instant . Men on the deck be throw into the burn oil already float on the water from the other rupture ship , but there be almost no survivor . the concussion of the explosion blow man off the repair ship vestal , next to the Arizona , save vestal , as the explosion snuff out the fire on vestal ; it also send ton of debris down on she deck -- part of the ship , leg , arm and head of man , all sort of body . debris from the Arizona also cover the Tennessee and do more damage than the two japanese bomb that hit she . int . hospital - hallway - day medics have already start bring in the wounded . Evelyn be like a frantic traffic cop . evelyn put critical in ward one , stable in two ! Barbara ! fill every syringe you can find with stimulant and antibiotic -- medic where be the doctor ? evelyn on the third tee . sandra Evelyn ! where 's the morphine ? the front ward Evelyn run in , snap open the cabinet , grab a bag of morphine stick , and be about to run out again when she see the Arizona go up . for a moment she 's freeze , then she actually see the shock wave travel across the bay and through the tree like a invisible wall . she 's try to cross she arm over she face , and dive to the floor , just as the window blow out from the concussion , and glass fly over everything . int . japanese bomber - day they see the result of they bomb , and be ecstatic . ext . AIR above oahu - day the nose of Danny 's plane be point right at the harbor and he see the sudden devastation of the Arizona . it be a sight so awesome it freeze he for a moment . a Zero come up behind he , fire . Danny jerk he stick to maneuver but he 's catch ... rafe come in behind the Zero , chopping it up , even as he yell at Danny over the radio -- rafe ai not no time for spectatin ' ! they turn back after the line of Zero . there be some japanese plane come after they now , but the p - 40' head at they nose , fire , then duck past in a double maneuver , and turn right back into the japanese formation . rafe have a plane in he sight , but he gun fire only a short burst before stop . rafe I be out of ammo ! danny I be out of fuel ! they head back . a single Zero be on they way . rafe charge it and draw its fire ; Danny come in behind the Zero and rake its cockpit ; the japanese pilot back off . the p - 40 's dive back toward haleiwa . a handful of Zero return from Pearl see they and follow . ext . pacific - japanese carrier - day the second wave of plane take off from the carrier . int . flight control CENTER - carrier akagi - day genda report to yamamoto . genda second attack wave be in the air . int . radio station kgbm - day the disc jockey , hand a message by the army officer , stop play the soothing Hawaiian music and announce ... disc jockey all Army , navy , and Marine personnel to report to duty . int . general short office - day General short be in he office ; he and he aide be work frantically . general short mobilize everything ! we be at war ! send a message to Washington : hostility with Japan commence with a air raid on Pearl Harbor . int . white house - oval room - day President Roosevelt be have lunch in the oval room study with Harry hopkins . the phone ring and hopkins answer . hopkin oval room ... yes , he be . ( to Roosevelt ) it 's knox , Mr. President . roosevelt ( take phone ) yes ? he listen , then put the receiver down , shake . roosevelt the japanese have attack Pearl Harbor . hopkin my God . do we have damage estimate ? roosevelt we Pacific fleet , at anchor , unprepare ? it 's terrible . it have to be . and it 's not over . ext . haleiwa - auxiliary airfield - day the two p - 40 's drop out of the sky and bounce to a landing ; Anthony and Red have be push the wreckage off the field with the buick . Danny and rafe pull the p - 40 's behind the burn quonset hut , and it 's like a pit stop at a race track ; Earl rush up and start fueling the plane , they engine still run . danny we need ammo too ! Earl shout instruction to the pilot . earl Strip it from the wreck ! the other pilot race to the wreck p - 40 's and start pull out ammo belt . Earl glare at the smoking engine of Danny 's plane , and the bullet hole . earl who the fuck teach you to fly ? danny he do . Earl look at rafe 's plane , more shot - up and abuse than Danny 's . rafe grin and wave to he . Earl mumble a stream of guttural and unintelligible obscenity . the Zero that follow they sweep down , strafing . one mechanic , run across the field with a belt of ammo , go down . coma , run behind he , pick up the fall man 's ammo and he own , bring both to the plane behind the hut . he , Red , and Anthony reload the machine gun in rafe and Danny 's plane . rafe and Danny gun they engine and head back into the air , the ground pilot fire a cover barrage and Earl even come up with a 12 - gauge shotgun to fire at the Zero as they rush past . ext . skie over pacific - day the second Wave of japanese plane be in tight formation . int . lead plane of second wave - day Lt. Commander shimazaki , leader of the second attack wave , say calmly into he radio ... shimazaki second wave , deploy over the military basis . High level bomber to the air station , dive bomber attack ship in harbor . fighter strafe and cover . he lead the second wave in on they attack run ... ext . naval AIR station - day the navy 's plane , bunched up on the naval airfield , be destroy without ever get into the air . ext . pearl harbor - day the harbor be already a mass of destruction and panic ; scream everywhere , man try to fight fire , move the wounded ; the second wave of plane hit , and tremendous explosion now rock the secondary ship like the destroyer shaw , blast it apart . but the japanese pilot be now have trouble with the thick black smoke come out of the damage ship , and off the oil fire along the water . one torpedo plane , its pilot fly blind , clip the superstructure of a battleship and spin to a crash . still , even in the chaos on the ship , the sailor struggle to survive , inventively . Men trap on one burn ship use the severe barrel of a five - inch naval gun as a bridge to cross to the less damage ship anchore beside they . other jump into the water and swim through the burn oil , towing buddy too wounded to swim themselves . ext . pearl harbor - day below deck , sailor have organize a line and be pass ammunition from the ammo locker , hand to hand up to the gun on deck . blast from bomb hit they and ignite the ammo they be hold , set off a chain reaction of explosion . on the deck , the sailor be out of ammo . a officer grab a seventeen year old sailor . officer grab a dinghy and get ammo from the base ammo storeroom . the young sailor jump to a dinghy and launch it through the oily water and thick black smoke . ext . pearl harbor - day the sailor in the boat get strafe , the round cut between they and blast they boat in two . they jump into the oily water and swim toward shore . other sailor be in the water with they , struggle , swallow the vile black liquid as they battle to swim . errant bomb and shrapnel hit beside they , kill some ; other lose strength and slide beneath the surface . the sailor from the ammo boat make it ashore ; it 's hot there too , with bullet and bomb all around . one sailor have to stop and puke from the oil ; he buddy grab he and they run for cover ; they find it in the dugout of the baseball diamond . ext . naval station - day a marine gunnery sergeant lead man in a race through strafing fire to the basis ammo storeroom . int . ammo storeroom - day the supply sergeant be at he post . gunnery sergeant we need weapon and ammo ! supply sergeant you need authorization . gunnery sergeant the fuck I do ! he push the man out of the way and start grab weapon . ext . naval station - day the gunnery sergeant and he marine run with a water - cool machine gun , across the open ground , under fire . barracks the Marines set up in the window of they already - strafe barrack , and start fire there , as the Zero scream past . ext . naval station - day truck be move dependent -- woman and child -- from the dependent 's housing area . the japanese strafe the truck , dependent diving for cover . naval station a fire engine from the honolulu Fire Department race up to the sight of building burn from the air attack . as the firemen jump out , a Zero strafe they , gun down the firemen . as the strafing Zero start to bank away , two p - 40 's come in behind it , both of they gun away . the Zero come apart under the barrage , and crash in a ball of flame . it 's rafe and Danny , back in the air . int . military base hospital - day the once - pristine hospital with its glow white bed be now a bloody chaos . every bed be already full ; there be burn and break people on the floor -- soldier , sailor , civilian , firemen , all mix in together . people be die everywhere , and scream in pain , or moan and begging for help . at first we do not see Evelyn , and wonder if she survive the glass ; then we see she , fleck of she own blood dotting she face and arm . the blood of soldier on she surgical apron . a steel calm have replace she earlier frenzy , even as the other nurse be break down . sandra I can not tell who 's get morphine and who have not ! evelyn take a grease pencil and mark a m on the forehead of everyone you stick . a young doctor be try to give a intravenous injection to a man who 's badly char ; the doctor hand be shaking . evelyn do not look for a vein , just poke . sandra my pen 's dry ! evelyn use lipstick . use ammo belt for tourniquet , use you own nylon if you have to ! Barbara ! grab anything that will hold a pint of blood and sterilize it . the doctor be amputate limb right there in the hallway . a senior doctor call -- senior doctor Evelyn ! you have to do the triage ! they be bring they in with truck ! Evelyn move to the door . truck be pull up , load with the wounded , young terrify soldier bring they inside ; Evelyn do quick triage as they pass . evelyn critical -- front ward !... give he morphine , he can not wait ... the next body through be a pilot , wing on he uniform , he chest riddled with bullet -- and he face shot off . for a moment Evelyn falter , then she force herself to check the dog tag ... it be not rafe or Danny . Evelyn sag in guilty relief . evelyn take he outside and cover he ; he 's dead . she steady herself as the next body come through , a woman on a stretcher , she stomach shot open , pale hand clutching at the open wound , Evelyn feel for a pulse . evelyn she 's go too , take she -- it 's Betty . and though the bomb be blast and gun booming everywhere , the world go silent for Evelyn . one of the sailor outside the door be point to the harbor , the nevada have begin to move . ext . pearl harbor - day the battleship nevada be underway , plow through the harbor , as the water erupt with bomb . int . the nevada' bridge - day the Captain be struggle to save he ship . captain of the nevada we can save she if we make the open sea ! ext . pearl harbor - Pov the attacking plane - day the lead pilot in the next squad of japanese plane spot the move battleship , and lead he squadron on it . they come whipping in over the wave , drop torpedoe and bomb . int . the nevada' bridge - day the nevada 's Captain feel the ship shudder as it take hit amidship . captain of the nevada we be not gonna make it -- and if we go down here we block the channel ... Beach she , there ! his officer relay the order to the helm , and the ship 's rudder turn as more blast rip she hull . ext . pearl harbor - day the nevada swing off its course and run aground . int . the nevada' dynamo room - day the impact jolt the boiler , already burst with the steam pressure ; gout of steam from rupture pipe scald and blind the engine room crew . ext . the nevada - day the nevada , run aground at the shoreline , be now like a beast cut from the herd ; the predator swarm after it with torpedoe and bomb . one torpedo , miss the nevada , skim right up the beach itself and blast a house on the shore to fragment . bomb detonate along the nevada , engulf the entire upper deck in flame , ravaging the sailor . ext . hospital - day the nevada be ground near the hospital ; from the doorway Evelyn can see the whole ship on fire , burn sailor leaping off the deck . her hearing , she presence of mind , return ; she let Betty go , and grab a orderly . evelyn go to the base hardware store and get some of that canister spray thing they use for kill bug . orderly insecticide ? evelyn no , just the sprayer . we will fill they with tannic acid , it will sterilize they and cool the burn ! go ! the orderly race away . they can still hear the bomb fall outside . a sailor stagger toward the hospital from the nevada . he be completely gray . everyone stare at he , and then realize he be nude , burn gray , he skin ash . Evelyn rush to help he , shouting back over she shoulder to the other nurse -- evelyn we be gonna need every bed . if they can breathe , make them get up and move someplace else ! ext . japanese carrier - flight deck - day the first wave of plane land on the carrier . the flight leader rush to the bridge . int . japanese carrier - bridge - day yamamoto 's advisor be exultant . genda we have achieve complete surprise ! the first wave be return , the second be attack now , and we have lose only a few plane . we can launch a third wave , Admiral . yamamoto the second wave have not return . and we have no idea where they carrier be . what be the damage report ? communications officer we have Commander fuchida on the radio now , Admiral . yamamoto nod and fuchida 's voice come over the intercom . fuchida's voice I be over the harbor now ... ext . skie above pearl harbor - day fuchida be in a scout plane , high over Pearl . his vision be hamper by the thick black smoke , but he can tell there have be awesome devastation . he use a diagram of the ship at anchor to note the damage to each ship . fuchida ( into radio ) we have a tremendous victory . many ship damage , some totally destroy . but the second Wave 's attack be be hinder by the smoke . int . war room of the akagi - day yamamoto the more we attack , the harder it be to find target . and we no longer have surprise . genda if we launch the third wave and annihilate they fuel depot , we destroy they ability to operate in the Pacific for at least a year ! yamamoto and if we fail , and lose we carrier , we destroy we ability to fight they at all . ( beat ) as soon as the second wave return , we will withdraw . ext . japanese carrier akagi - day the last plane touch down , and the lead carrier and the other ship in the japanese assault fleet turn back toward home . ext . pearl harbor - aftermath - day the harbor be a place of shattered body and shattered ship . blood , body part , debris everywhere , and all of it make more hellish by the oil fire on the water and the choke black smoke that fire produce . every survivor have become a emergency fireman , stretcher bearer , medic , iron worker . they fish man from the water , extract they from the tangle wreckage of the ship . everyone be scream and yell -- the wounded for help , the helper for more help . local firemen and civilian battle heroically too ; the water main be rupture , so they put pump water from the base swim pool toward the burn ship . the photographer record this with he black - and - white film camera . he be shake , and yet he understand the magnitude of what he be recording -- the loss of America 's innocence . ext . army base - aftermath - day in one place , outside a barrack , soldier hit by the bomb be just become conscious . one of they come to . conscious soldier sarge ?! where be you , sarge ? he 's crawl around toward the bush ; he leg be shattered , but he 's spot a body . he reach it , turn it over -- and it 's headless . he turn away in horror ... and find himself stare at the severe head . the medic appear . medic we have get two more over here ! ext . general short office - day the western Union messenger , tadao fuchikami , deliver the telegram from Washington . int . general short office - day short and he staff be assess damage . short I want lookout and sentries everywhere , with order to shoot first and ask question later . colonel you think a invasion possible , General ? short after this morning , we better not consider anything impossible . a aide hand short the telegram . he read it - short from Washington . '' Intelligence report a ultimatum from Japan to be give precisely at one p.m . Washington time . just what significance the hour set may have we do not know , but be on alert accordingly . " the irony be bitter in he throat . ext . japanese embassy - oahu - day the honolulu police roar up to the embassy in squad car , and burst through the door . int . japanese embassy - oahu - day the police storm through the embassy and find the japanese there burn document . ext . pearl harbor - aftermath - day diver be go down , try to save the trap man . but the tangle of the Arizona be horrific . one diver get trap , and another try to extricate he , and the steel shift and fall on they both . on the deck of bomb -shatter battleship , a naval captain oversee rescue effort . the 17 - year- old sailor he send off for ammo now approach he , with great concern . seventeen -year-old sailor Sir , I ... I lose the dinghy . the captain look out over the wreckage , great battleship devastate in every direction . captain well , son , we will not worry about the dinghy today . ext . hospital - pearl harbor - night Danny and rafe arrive at the hospital . they fear of what they might find be not help when they see the stair into the hospital cover in blood . int . hospital - pearl harbor - night rafe and Danny enter . it 's a scene from hell . doctor be do amputation in the hallway . the once - pristine hospital be now all red , with blood drip through the mattress , onto the floor ... in the main ward , Evelyn and the other nurse be use the fly sprayer to spritz cool antiseptic on the char body . Evelyn look up and see both rafe and Danny . her eye register relief , but they be the only part of she that can show emotion now ; the rest of she be cover in blood . rafe and Danny move to she . rafe how can we help ? int . hospital - pearl harbor - night rafe and Danny sit quietly as Evelyn adjust the tube conduct blood from they arm into sterilize Coke bottle for transfusion . rafe what else can we do ? evelyn there 's nothing you can do here , they will die or they will not , we just -- she stop , afraid if she say more , she will lose grip on she emotion . she can see the wreckage out in the harbor . evelyn there be a sailor , a black man on the West Virginia , name dorie Miller . I would like to know if he 's alive . she go back to she work . ext . pearl harbor - day rafe and Danny hop from the ambulance in which they have hitched a ride to the harbor . they see the awful devastation . ext . pearl harbor - night rafe and Danny reach the West Virginia 's pier , but in the darkness , they can not find anything . they stop a naval officer . danny where be the West Virginia ? officer there . he point ; the battleship have sink , its superstructure barely show above the water . it look hopeless to find a single sailor here ; but then they see a powerful black sailor , pull to the dock with a dinghy full of dead man retrieve from the water . as worker unload the body , the black sailor sit down , exhaust physically and emotionally , he head in he hand . rafe and Danny approach he . danny we be look for dorie Miller . dorie that 's I , Sir . rafe a friend of ours want to be sure you be alive . Evelyn . a nurse . dorie how be she ? danny like we all be . Miller nod , and look out over the harbor , a hellish place where black smoke still hang over everything , the shattered remain of man and ship still in the harbor . it 's total devastation . and yet something about that scene stir something else in dorie Miller . dorie there 's something out there I need to get . will you help I ? ext . pearl harbor - aftermath - night dorie pilot the dinghy through the float debris . rafe and Danny sit with he . he stop over a dangerous pile of superstructure wreckage . dorie the Arizona . hold the dinghy steady , so it do not bust open . rafe and Danny brace the dinghy so it do not move ; but they still do not see what dorie be after as he fish down in the water , for something barely at the surface ; he work for a moment , then pull it up . it 's the oil -soak flag of the Arizona . ext . hull of oklahoma - night Men be work through the night to save the sailor trap in the hull . int . oklahoma - the trapped sailor be in total darkness . from it we hear gasping , then -- sailor what 's that ? the light come on and sweep around the face . the water be up to they chest , but it 's stop rise . sailor flashlight just hand on . they will find we . sailor how do you know ? sailor flashlight because we would find they . he switch the light off again . ext . hull of oklahoma - night the welder be cut away , the torch send shower of spark everywhere . int . oklahoma - the trapped sailor they be gasp , run out of air . sailor flashlight breathe easy . stay calm . sailor you hear something ? something stir in the ship ; a noise ... from where ? then a point of light ; spark fly into the room ; somebody 's cut through the wall . and the spark illuminate face suddenly fill with hope . but as the cut enlarge , the trap air , compress by the water , start rush out -- and the water start rise again . the trap sailor hope turn to terror . sailor it 's let out air , and let in water ! the steel circle pop out , and they knock the welder down in they hurry to escape . some of the sailor who be trap be naked . they fight they way toward the escape hole cut into the hull , assist by rescue worker . ext . hull of oklahoma - night the trap sailor emerge , and they can barely take in the devastation . destroy ship everywhere , the smoking wreckage ... the rescue sailor gaze around they in shock . they be shiver , and other sailor put blanket around they . ext . white house - day the entire Washington press corps be wait , with fresh bulb in the flash attachment of camera that be already as big as a shoe box . the President be wheeled out of the White House , and not a single photographer take a picture ... not yet . aide help Roosevelt from the chair , and the press people all see the President struggle on leg that have no strength , to the podium . his aide lock the steel clasp at the knee of he brace into place , and the President stand at the microphone . and suddenly , from the front , Roosevelt look powerful , even majestic . now all the bulb pop and flash . he look into the camera . roosevelt yesterday , December 7 , 1941 -- a date which will live in infamy -- the United States of american be suddenly and deliberately attack by naval and air force of the Empire of Japan . over this , we see the bombing , the aftermath , the body be fished from the oil-soake harbor . roosevelt the distance of Hawaii from Japan make it obvious that the attack be plan many day or even week ago . during the intervene time the japanese government have deliberately seek to deceive the United States by false statement and expression of hope for continue peace . ext . pacific ocean - day the japanese fleet steam back toward Japan . the young officer be exultant ... but yamamoto be pensive . roosevelt ... I regret to tell you that many american life have be lose . ext . pearl harbor - day we see row of body outside the hospital where Evelyn work . the mess hall have be convert to a silent morgue , with body on every table . roosevelt yesterday the japanese government also launch a attack against malaya . last night japanese force attack Hong Kong ... guam ... over this , ext . island - night we see japanese plane bombing island , and soldier attack amphibious landing . roosevelt ... the philippine Islands ... wake Island ... and this morning the japanese attack midway Island . ext . white house - day roosevelt the fact speak for themselves . with confidence in we armed force -- with the unbound determination of we people -- we will gain the inevitable triumph -- so help we God . I ask that the Congress declare that since the unprovoke and dastardly attack by Japan on Sunday , December 7 , 1941 , a state of war -- the word echoe out across America -- roosevelt voice war...war ...war ... it ring through the radio of farm house , to country boy gather round ; in the pool hall of big city ; in the fire house and high school ... the line at recruiting station all across America -- man line up faster than the recruiter can handle they . int . white house - day Roosevelt meet with he advisor . roosevelt gentlemen , the crisis we face be not the fact that we enemy believe they can defeat we -- it 's the fact that we people believe it too . I want a plan -- a workable plan -- to hit the heart of Japan , to bomb they the way they have bomb we . admiral Mr. President , Pearl Harbor catch we because we do not face fact . this be not a time for ignore they again . there be no plane in the entire american arsenal capable of cover the distance to Japan from any land base we control while carry enough bomb to do any damage whatsoever . general marshall he 's right , Mr. President . the Army have long range bomber , but no place to launch they from . midway 's too far , China be overrun by japanese force , and Russia refuse to go to war with Japan and will not allow we to launch a raid from there . admiral the navy 's plane be small , carry light load , and have short range . we would have to get they within a few hundred mile of Japan , and therefore risk we carrier . and if we lose we carrier , we have no shield against invasion . roosevelt what if the japanese do invade ? general marshall we have do study . we be confident we would turn they back eventually ... after they would get as far as Chicago . admiral Mr. President ... with all respect ... what you be ask can not be do . Roosevelt place he hand on the arm of he wheelchair , and struggle to lift himself . aide jump to help he , but he wave they off . with inhuman physical effort , that have he neck vein bulg and sweat pop on he face , Roosevelt stand on he withere leg . roosevelt do not tell I ... it can not be do . ext . pearl harbor - hickam base - day there be a mass memorial service go on , with casket drape in flag . there be also coffin cover in japanese flag , they drown flier be treat now with respect . everyone be in they best uniform . the pilot -- rafe , Danny , and the other guy -- be look at billy 's coffin ; Evelyn , next to Danny , on he appropriate side be look at one that belong to Betty . so be Red ; he 's grieve . minister ... where be God in this ? we enemy believe a divine wind protect they . we see we friend laid out before we , and find it hard to believe in anything at all . rafe and Evelyn exchange a glance , past Danny . minister though we cannot understand why we friend should die while we live , we can affirm we truest selve in we belief that any God worth divinity would choose both justice and mercy , and would take this fall brother and sister into eternal peace . amen . as the mourner disperse , Evelyn put a lei on Betty 's casket ; Red do the same , then break down beside Danny . as Danny comfort he , Evelyn move to rafe . evelyn rafe -- rafe I need to tell you something . I do not know what it be to lose somebody , to see death and find how much it scare you . that you have not live and love enough . I do not understand . forgive I . evelyn rafe ... no . you forgive I . rafe of course I forgive you . I know what you feel for Danny be real . and you choice be you choice . evelyn that 's what I have to tell you , rafe . it be not a choice . it -- a Army Corps major step up and interrupt . major Lieutenant rafe mccawley ? rafe yes , Major . major Lieutenant Daniel Walker here too ? Danny see he and move up . danny I be Walker . major you be go stateside . we fly out in half a hour . he hand they both order . rafe what for , Sir ? major ask Colonel doolittle . that order be from he . ext . hickam field - day the wreck plane have be push off the runway and lie in pile . a transport plane be fueling , and rafe and Danny wait in the shade of a shelter . danny I tell she not to come . the Major , watch the fueling , get a wave from the ground crew and turn and motion to rafe and Danny that they be ready . they pick up they duffel bag -- and then Evelyn come around the corner of the shelter . rafe see she first , but stop and look away as Danny move to she . for a moment he study she eye , and she do not look away . danny this have not be easy for any of we . I feel awful for how it 's happen . but I have see my first spring too . thanks for know that 's true . he take she into he arm , kiss she tenderly but briefly , a final time . Evelyn 's eye find rafe , but he can not look at she until the embrace be over . rafe and Danny move to the plane and hurry up the step . they turn before the door close and wave to she . Evelyn 's still stand there as the plane lift away . int . U.S. military installation - night the transport have land and taxi right to the door of a low , dark bunker , mostly underground . the Major lead rafe and Danny inside . int . bunker rafe and Danny follow the Major down a spartan corridor ; the whole place reek of secrecy . int . bunker - secrecy room - night the Major open the door for rafe and Danny , then leave , close it behind he . doolittle be alone at a desk . rafe and Danny walk in and salute . doolittle motion to the two chair in front of the desk without look up from the papers he 's study . doolittle I hear what you do . rafe we can explain , Colonel . doolittle explain what ? danny whatever be be you hear about we . doolittle you mean the hula shirt you be fly in ?... or the six plane you shot down ? you be both be award the Silver Star , and promote to captain . rafe be that the good new , Sir , or -- doolittle you be just about the only pilot in the Army with actual combat experience , so you be volunteering for a mission I have be order to put together . do you know what top secret be ? rafe well sure , Colonel -- doolittle top secret mean you help I pick the other pilot , train , and go -- without know where you be go until it 's too late . danny you can count on we . doolittle there 's only one other thing I can tell you . doolittle look up from he paperwork for the first time . his eye be fierce . doolittle you will not need any goddamn hula shirt . ext . establishing eglin field , florida - day eglin field be on the gulf coast of Florida . int . briefing room - eglin field - day a room full of pilot be assemble , with and other crewmen . Danny and rafe be there ; Red and Anthony too . voice attention ! Colonel doolittle stride into the room as all the man snap to attention . doolittle be seat . the mission you have volunteer for be dangerous . how dangerous ? look at the man beside you . it 's a good bet that six week from now , either you or he will be dead . Danny and rafe whisper to each other -- danny sorry you be gonna die -- cause I be gonna make it . rafe what color flower you want I to bring to you funeral ? doolittle in flight school you qualified in single and in multi-engine plane . you will be fly multi-engine here . rafe ( whisper ) bomber . doolittle I want to introduce a couple of people . Doc White be a flight surgeon ; he have volunteer for gunnery training so that he can go on the mission , because we can not spare the weight of a extra man . danny ( whisper ) a long range bomber mission . doolittle ... and Ross greening , who will oversee you equipment . any question ? danny who will be the first one in , Colonel ? I would like to volunt -- rafe elbow he rib so hard it take he breath away . doolittle I think I would make it clear , I be not just put this mission together -- I be lead it myself . rafe I take it back , about the flower . we be all gonna die . ext . eglin field - runway - day close - a B - 25 bomber , from different angle . the pilot look they over , like what they see . doolittle this be what we will fly -- the B - 25 . there 's one thing you have to be aware of from the very beginning . you see that private ? they look down the runway a few hundred foot . a private wave , and start painting a red line across the runway . another private , close by , paint a green line . doolittle Green mean go . Red mean dead . montage - the training - eglin field - day the pilot practice takeoff 's . Red be rafe 's copilot ; Anthony be Danny 's . nobody can get airborne before the red line . int . eglin field - lecture room - day doolittle be instruct the man . doolittle you be have trouble get airborne in the short space because you be not revving the engine enough . you have get to push they to the limit before you ever start to move . rafe be distract ; he 's lose in though , look at Danny -- and look away just before Danny realize it . montage continue - ext . eglin field runway - day pilot practice hard , revving the engine , take off hard ... all of they crossing the red line , takeoff after takeoff . rafe push he engine hard and still cross by twenty foot ; Danny push even harder , and miss by ten foot . doolittle watch with greening from the edge of the runway . doolittle we have get to get the weight down . int . hanger - eglin field - day greening have remove the intensely complex norden sight from a bomber and put in on a table for doolittle . greening okay , forty pound go . and in it 's place , this . he show doolittle a aluminum strip on a swivel . greening Weight , 3 ounce . cost , 20 cent . doolittle do it work ? ext . eglin field - day doolittle pilot a B - 25 at treetop level onto a practice bombing range . greening use the makeshift sight , and drop a 500 - lb sack of flour , right in the middle of the bull 's - eye target chalk on the ground . ext . florida coast - day the B - 25 's be practice , fly at treetop level . Red be rafe 's copilot , Anthony be Danny 's . doolittle be fly the lead bomber . doolittle right down to the treetop . low as you can . rafe bring he plane down , smoothly . then Danny 's plane appear -- under he . rafe jerk he nose up quickly . rafe 's angry ; Danny 's laugh -- but he scare the shit out of he crew . ext . eglin field - night Danny 's outside , look up at the moon . rafe appear and move up beside he . danny fun today . like old time . rafe Danny , what the hell be you try to do out there ? danny what do you mean ? I be just do what we have always do . rafe no . you be try to beat I . danny we have always try to beat each other . rafe bullshit . we have play with each other , push each other . this be different . like you want to prove that you be better than I . who 's that for -- Evelyn ? Danny 's anger flare for a moment -- but rafe 's hit home . danny maybe just try to measure up . rafe what 's between you and she be between you and she . but here 's what 's between you and I . everybody have a hero , Danny . and you be mine . Danny 's catch off-guard . rafe when we be grow up , I have everything . you have nothing . you climb out of a hole I could not even see the bottom of . I think maybe when I go off to England , I be try to measure up to you . measure up 's over . let 's just look out for each other . okay ? they embrace , closer now than ever . montage - intercut with the plane practice they short takeoff , we see Roosevelt in one of he fireside chat , he voice broadcast across America ... roosevelt voice good evening , America ... families all across America be gather around radio , listen . roosevelt voice I be tell that 80 % of american family be listen to this fireside chat of ours , and I be happy we can come together , as one great american family . I would like each of you within the sound of my voice to find a map ... the family do , gather around encyclopedias , school book , any reference they have , spread on kitchen table , suburban live room rug , or farmhouse hearths ... and the B - 25' , all sixteen of they , begin a journey in formation , fly at treetop level across America : Mississippi delta land , Texas plain , Arizona mesa ... roosevelt voice look at the Pacific Ocean . it cover half the surface of the earth . and look at the great Atlantic . the ocean both divide and connect we to we enemy , and either they will come to we , or we will go to they ... the formation of B - 25 's reach San Francisco . ext . san francisco naval AIR station - day doolittle lead the bomber to a landing . in rafe' plane , everybody 's wonder why they be here . red n-naval station ? what 's g-go on ? rafe wish I know , Red . ext . san francisco AIR field - day the crew climb from they plane , and almost before they be out , team of man use strap and crane to hoist the bomber onto flatbe truck . doolittle walk up to rafe and Danny , watch the baffling operation . doolittle want to see where they be go ? ext . san francisco harbor - evening crane lift the plane from the truck and hoist they onto the flight deck of the carrier USS hornet . the pilot stand on the pier , watch . ANTHONY I guess that settles it . somewhere in the Pacific . red with a s-short r-runway . they all gather around doolittle as he move up to they . doolittle you have room at the biltmore . I suggest a nice meal and a good night 's sleep . we leave tomorrow . doolittle walk to join a captain . int . / ext . san francisco HOTEL - night the pilot get off the bus and carry they duffel into the lobby . ANTHONY San Francisco , here we be ! danny ( grin ) I do not reckon we can get hogbrain and grit , but I hear a man can eat good in this town . rafe I be gonna turn in . I hate be on the water . I think this be the last sleep I will get for awhile . int . lobby - night the other guy drop they duffel with the bell hop ; rafe move to the reception desk . rafe mccawley . the manager hand he a key , and smile curiously . manager have fun . int . HOTEL room - night rafe enter he room and find the light on ... and Evelyn 's there wait . rafe what ?... evelyn they be bring back a ship full of wounded and need extra nurse along . I write Colonel doolittle , and tell he I need to see you before you go . rafe it must of be a convincing letter . evelyn it be . I could not have you go away , wherever it be ...to war ... without know something . you think I make a choice , of Danny over you . I do not . I do not have a choice . I be pregnant . the blood drain from rafe 's heart . yet he find the strength to move to she . she turn away , so she will not throw she arm around he . rafe do Danny know ? she shake she head , refuse to cry . evelyn I be not sure , until the day you turn up alive . I never have a chance to tell he . now I can not have he think about this when he need to be think about he mission , and how to come back from it . she turn and face he again . evelyn I want you think about that too . just come back . ( beat ) rafe , I see it in you face . you be think you do not have anything to live for . do not you dare think that way . I will never write a letter , or look at a sunset , without think of you . I will love you my whole life . and I want you to live . she look at he , she eye bright with tear , but still she refuse to cry . they both know they can not touch , or they will never let go . she walk past he , out of the room , close the door softly behind she . ext . san francisco harbor - day the USS hornet clear the Golden Gate Bridge , with cruiser and destroyer round out its battle group . rafe and Danny stand on the flight deck , watch the city recede behind they . Evelyn be on a hilltop watch they go . Danny can not see she , do not know she 's there . rafe can not see she either -- but he know . ship' intercom Army pilot to the briefing room . int . the carrier hornet - briefing room - day the pilot be gather expectantly in the carrier 's conference room . doolittle stride in . doolittle gentlemen , I can now tell you that the target of this mission be Tokyo . the pilot love it . the one who have not see battle be grin and vocal . rafe , Danny , Anthony , and Red be quieter , savore the prospect of revenge . red and where 's the secret base , Sir ? the one we t-takeoff from . doolittle the navy will get we to within 400 mile of the japanese coast . we will launch off the carrier from there . suddenly the pilot do not like the sound of this . ANTHONY Sir , have this ever be do , launching a army bomber off a navy carrier ? doolittle no . any other question ? red C - Colonel , we be p-practice takeoff 's , but I be not sure we can land on this carrier d-deck . doolittle we will not have the fuel to get back to the carrier ; they will turn and run back to Hawaii the minute we be airborne . red then wh- where do we land ? doolittle I have a phrase I want you all to memorize : " lushu hoo megwa fugi . " it mean " I be a american . " in chinese . absolute silence among the pilot . ext . flight deck of the hornet - day the sailor who man the flight deck look at each other with bafflement as the worried pilot pace from one end of the deck to the other . they be in a line like duck , rafe in the lead and the other follow , count step , each man measure the distance . shake they head , worry . they stop at the end and look down at the sea far below they ; it 's dizzying . Anthony shove Red for fun before grab he shoulder to stop he from fall . red a-a-asshole !... maybe it 's l-longer go this way . he start pace back the other way , as if the ship 's longer in that direction . the other pilot watch he for a moment , then follow he , count again . rafe and Danny be leave stand alone at the end of the flight deck . Far over the surging sea . danny it 's short than we practice runway . rafe they will turn the ship into the wind before we launch . that will help . danny we will be load with 2,000 pound of bomb and 1,500 pound of fuel . I get another chinese phrase for doolittle . " mug wump rickshaw mushu pork . " it mean " who the fuck think up this shit ? " doolittle appear right beside they . doolittle he be a navy man . doolittle walk away . rafe maybe we will be lucky with the weather . smash to : ext . pacific - a ferocious STORM - night the hornet toss , bashed by a vicious storm . int . carrier hornet - briefing room - day the ship be roll ; most of the flier be green . doolittle stand at the podium . doolittle since we will be on we own once we be in the air , I think I have a good idea let each crew select it 's own target . he look at a pile of paper slip in front of he . doolittle now we have fifteen request for the Emperor 's Palace ... and one for Tokyo baseball stadium . red I d- do not think jap ought 'a be allow to p-play baseball . doolittle I would like to bomb they Emperor too . but I think that would just piss them off . the idea here , gentlemen , be not revenge . we be here to prove to they that they be neither invincible nor superior . so let 's try this again . military target only . red Colonel , to f-fight you need strategy . to have strategy , ya gotta practice . and to practice it , ya gotta play -- doolittle no baseball diamond , Red . red y- yes Sir . ext . pacific - day the storm be subside , but it 's still raining . from the bridge of the hornet , they spot the enterprise . admiral the Enterprise will ride shotgun when we launch the bomber . they want we carrier at Pearl , and now we have come to they . if the japanese get we , they will be have dinner in San Francisco next month . ext . flight deck - the hornet - day the preparation begin . deck crew move the B - 25' to the rear of the flight deck . fueling team top off the bomber 's gas tank . ordnance man hoist four bomb into each aircraft , and the army gunner load ammunition for the machine gun . greening check the plane 's mechanical and hydraulic system . and once again the pilot be out pace the deck distance . it 's turn into a game for they , walk off nerve . as rafe and Danny pass . rafe it 's not get any longer . danny long ? it 's get short . int . hornet - briefing room - day doolittle be lay out the plan for all the pilot . doolittle we will take off late this afternoon . I will hit Tokyo at dusk , and drop incendiary bomb . you will come after I at night , guide by the fire . then it 's on to China , where you will arrive at dawn , guide to they airfield by the home beacon the chinese be go to switch on for we . that 's if everything be perfect -- like every other military mission I have ever be involved with . doolittle look around the room . no one 's smile . doolittle listen you guy . I be the first plane -- then mccawley , Walker , the rest of you . I will have the shortest run . if I do not make it , you do not go . rafe Colonel ... we be all go . whether you make it or not . doolittle I know . ext . bridge of the cruiser nashville - day the cruiser Nashville be at the perimeter of the task force . it 's lookout spot japanese patrol boat ahead . int . bridge of the enterprise - day the message be hand to Admiral halsey . officer Sir , lookout on the cruiser report patrol boat , ten mile away ! halsey the jap have set up a picket line ! order the cruiser to open fire ! we have get to sink they before they get a message away . ext . pacific - day the cruiser nashville begin fire round at the japanese patrol boat ; round after round miss . int . hornet' radio room - day the operator hear the excited voice of japanese radio traffic . radio operator they have report we position ! tell the Admiral . ext . hornet - day doolittle hurry up to the command bridge , with the naval officer send by the Admiral to fetch he . doolittle see the cruiser next to the carrier fire its gun -- at japanese boat in the distance . int . bridge of the hornet - day doolittle find the Admiral gather with he staff , they mood be grim . doolittle how far be we from Tokyo ? admiral Seven hundred mile . int . pilot' ward room - series of dissolves rafe , Danny , and the other pilot be alone at they bunk , take advantage of the lull before the mission . rafe have paper and pen to write a letter , but he can not think of anything to write . Danny hold the " picture of paradise " that sammy take , of Evelyn and the nurse in the sun . he tuck it inside he shirt , when he hear -- loudspeaker Army pilot , man you plane ! ext . flight deck - the hornet - day the pilot run onto deck . the cruiser next to the hornet be still fire away at the japanese patrol boat . doolittle run onto deck , shouting order . doolittle load in every bit of extra gas you can carry ! and strip everything you do not need out of the plane . I mean everything ! ext . hornet - flight deck - stripping the plane - day it 's start to rain but the guy do not notice at all . they be stripping seat out of the plane , toss out they own gear . greening pull the machine gun out of the rear of the plane and put in broomstick paint black . off in the distance the japanese patrol boat take a hit and explode . rafe and Danny meet between they bomber . danny broomstick instead of tail gun . rafe we will get separate over the target , but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China . I be on you wing . danny and I be on yours . land of the free . rafe Home of the brave . they climb into they bomber . ext . hornet - flight deck - day the engine be revving . the tach be show redline . the crew be in they plane . doolittle be first , just ahead of rafe and Danny 's B - 25' . the battle pennant whip , the prop blur , the wheel strain against the brake ; from the cockpit the flight deck look impossibly short ... and the american flag crack in the wind . and now every pilot look at doolittle 's plane ... doolittle start the run down the flight deck ... faster ... the end loom . he turn the plane almost vertical , stand it on its prop ... and lift away smoothly . the sailor on deck cheer , like the japanese do before Pearl Harbor . rafe , Danny , and the other take off too . ext . skimming over the wave - day the B - 25 's head toward Japan . ext . pacific - the american task force - day Admiral halsey , on the deck of the enterprise , watch as the last plane take off . the plane recede in the distance , racing just a few foot over the water , toward Japan . halsey of all the other thing this mission be do that have never be do before ... I have never send out plane that I be not go to see safely home . let 's get out of here . the task force run for home . ext . skimming over the wave - day at first the plane be together ; rafe and Danny can see each other off each other 's wing , and doolittle 's plane be ahead . the other be group after they . they maintain strict radio silence , and can communicate only with gesture , hand signal , or a flasher for morse code . when rafe speak to the crew of he own plane , it 's by press a intercom sender to he throat . rafe what 's we eta for Tokyo ? the bombardier / navigator be already work out the number at he plotting table in the center of the plane . navigator almost exactly at 12 noon . red High n-noon . I k-kinda like that . rafe look over to Danny and give he a thumb up . int . danny's plane - day Danny call back to he gunner , who be watch the fuel supply . danny we get a 25 - mile - an- hour head wind . how we do with fuel ? gunner how do you think ? the gunner be already pour gas into the tank from the extra can . Anthony stand and move back to the rear of the plane , pull a piece of chalk from he pocket and write on the nose of the bomb -- " for America , " " for Pearl Harbor , " '' for the Arizona , " " for billy . " -- rafe fly , lose in think ... -- Evelyn be back at Pearl , struggle to keep she mind on she work . -- Danny be look at he gauge , then at the picture in he shirt . ext . tokyo - various shot - day it 's a pleasant day , and the people of Tokyo be ina confident , happy mood . they be shopping , smile , enjoy beautiful spring weather . the Emperor be on the garden of he palace have lunch . ext . skimming over the wave - day the american plane be come . int . doolittle's plane - day he and he navigator confer . doolittle's navigator time for the other to break off . his copilot use the flash to signal the other plane . they break off for they individual target , every plane now on it 's own . int . japanese AIR defense station - day this be the nerve center of Tokyo 's defense . a officer receive a message and report to he supervisor . japanese defense officer coastal station report a low fly plane come in off the sea . supervisor from the sea ?... that could not be right , it must be part of the air raid practice this morning . ext . skimming over the wave - day the plane reach the japanese coastline , and start skim over treetop level . ext . tokyo - day the office of a anti-aircraft battery blow its whistle ; he crew mount they gun and swerve they around . the officer whistle 's again and check he watch . anti -aircraft officer not bad . the crew dismount they gun ; just a drill . ext . tokyo - various shot - day the japanese people be unaware of the drill . people be browsing through open- air shop , where new radio be turn on , play music . and Tokyo Rose be talk -- in English and japanese . tokyo rose ( on the radio ) it be another beautiful day in Tokyo , as all of Japan bask in a new day of victory . int . the plane - day coma , Danny 's navigator , pick this up . coma listen to this -- it 's Tokyo Rose . tokyo rose ( on the radio ) we brave sailor and soldier , inspire by we divine Emperor , have push the Americans from the Pacific . this word go through the plane ; and in the other plane they hear it too . tokyo rose ( on the radio ) but hide at home will not save they . each time the Americans have taste the samurai spirit , they have learn the bitter taste of defeat , while Japan be embrace by the divine wind that have protect we island for seven century . ext . tokyo - day the plane reach Tokyo , and flash across the rooftop . int . danny's plane - day ANTHONY we will give that bitch something to announce . Danny and rafe give each other a wave , and divert toward they separate target . each plane be on its own now . ext . tokyo - day doolittle 's plane flash right over the Emperor 's palace . the Emperor sit in the garden , meditate . ext . tokyo - various shot - day mother walk they child see the plane flash by overhead , and like the people at Pearl , they think they be friendly . a toddler point up and smile . his mother pick he up and hug he happily . japanese mother yes ! so beautiful ! int . the plane - day rafe 's bombardier work he 20 - cent bombsight , as rafe hold the plane steady , bring it up to 200 foot . they scan for fighter or anti-aircraft fire . there be not any . rafe open bomb bay door . danny's plane run toward its target ... doolittle's plane race over Tokyo ... gunner bomb bay door open , sir . rafe it 's all yours . the bombardier hit the first switch . the bomb fall toward a factory . it strike home , right on target . the blast be shocking -- it blow debris higher than the plane . ext . tokyo - the bombing - various shot the individual plane drop they bomb , four per plane , on shipyard , factory , oil supplies , weapon facility . they bombing be highly accurate . on the ground , at the open-air market , for a brief moment Radio Tokyo go silent ; then -- tokyo rose ( on the radio ) we interrupt this broadcast ... Tokyo be be bomb ! ext . the emperor' palace - day the Emperor look up at the sound of air raid siren and distant explosion . emperor' attendant surely just a drill , Divine one . int . rafe' plane - day navigator last bomb away . it slam into a factory , blow debris everywhere and turn the factory into a inferno . rafe 's tail gunner see Zero swarm in with vengeance . gunner we get Zero ! and they be piss off ! rafe change course quickly . int . danny's plane - day anti-aircraft flak burst in the sky in front of they ; Danny take evasive action . int . rafe' plane - above tokyo - day rafe push the engine to top speed and change course again ; but the B - 25 's can not outrun the Zero . they fire chew into the bomber 's tail , hit the gunner . Red scramble back to find the gunner dead . rafe can you get them off we ? Red reacting to bullet come through the rear of the fuselage , look at the broom protrude from the rear of the plane . red whatta ya want I to do , sweep ' they ! as the bombardier , navigator , and Red jump onto the other machine gun , rafe look for a way out . he dive down toward the city . the Zero follow . ext . skie over tokyo - day rafe take the B - 25 right down among the building , sometimes even have to spin the wing to get through . the Zero can not keep up with this ... but rafe can not keep it up long , either ; they break out into open ground rail yard , where there 's no place for he to hide ... the Zero come in to chew he up ... but they take fire from another b- 25 -- Danny 's -- come in to save rafe 's plane . rafe now use the radio . rafe Danny , get the hell out of here ! but Danny stay , mixing it up with the Zero ; with both B - 25 's together , they machine gun down one Zero and damage another . but there be too many . rafe see cloud come in , and fog . rafe Danny , run for the cloud ! the bomber race toward the cloud , and make it ; the Zero lose they . ext . skie - broken cloud - day rafe and Danny keep break contact through the cloud , and settle in for the long run to China . int . rafe' cockpit - day rafe we burn a lot of fuel back there . flash they and ask about they supply . int . danny's plane - day Anthony read the morse code . ANTHONY " how 's you fuel ? " Danny look across to rafe and shake he head . int . roosevelt residence - hyde park , NY - day Roosevelt be at he desk when General Marshall enter . general marshall we have bomb Tokyo , Mr. President . Radio Tokyo interrupt it 's own broadcast to make the announcement . roosevelt have the plane make it to China ? general marshall there have be some complication , Sir . the chinese do not receive we request for home beacon until be be too late to get they set . and the plane have to take off so early they may lack fuel to make the mainland anyway . roosevelt so that brave man be fly blind and run out of fuel . general marshall the chinese be send out search party to try to find the crew before the jap patrol do , if any of the plane make it . roosevelt God help they . ext . sea of japan - dusk they have climb above the cloud ; the flier be exhaust . the sun be beginning to set . rafe stare at it ... int . hospital - pearl harbor - dusk the place be white again -- the white of bandage and cast . everyone be busy , and even the wounded be look out for each other ; a man with he arm in a airplane splint hold a spoon and feed a badly burn buddy . Evelyn and she overworked nurse be look after the critical case . but as she cover the window with blackout curtain , she stop for just a moment to stare at the sun 's last ray . ext . skie over pacific - night Colonel doolittle can make out mountain below they . doolittle we will fly till we run out of fuel , then bail out . just then he engine start to sputter . doolittle chute ! he put the plane on auto-pilot and the man move to the hatches . Three guy go out ; it 's just doolittle and he copilot leave . doolittle nobody else be gonna make it either . if I live through this , they be gonna put I in Leavenworth prison . they jump . int . danny's plane - night coma move up to Danny . coma we be run out of fuel . and I can not find the beacon . Danny gesture across to rafe that he hear nothing in he radio phone . rafe gesture the same thing back . they look down and the entire ground be cover with cloud . rafe I do not know if we be over sea or land . Drop flare and try to spot something . ext . skie over pacific - night they drop flare ; they disappear into the cloud cover and tell they nothing . ext . skie - rafe and danny's plane - night Danny 's engine be sputtering ; he gunner pour the last drop of gas into the tank . danny flash rafe . we be gonna bail . Red see Anthony signal . red they have gotta jump . rafe not unless we know he 's over land ! rafe yell at Danny , as if he could hear -- rafe you be not bail out into water ! rafe' navigator coastline below ! through a break in the cloud they spot a rocky shoreline . rafe we have get coast ! signal he to climb and jump . Red signal ; Danny 's plane signal back . red they do not have fuel to make altitude . he 's gonna set it down in the water . rafe look over at Danny , who be gesture ; he give up on the hand signal and grab the flasher ; Red read the morse code ... red y-0 -u ... g- o. you go on . rafe grab the flasher and angrily flash back two letter . rafe n-o ! we stay together ! I will go in first . rafe turn he bomber and Danny follow , they plane arcing down toward the rocky coast ; it 's hairy , the cloud mask they view , as the altimeter wind down ... at the last moment they see rock loom out of the surf . int . rafe' plane - night he 's shouting to he crew -- rafe hang on tight ! I will put she in the smooth water and we will swim in ! int . danny's plane - night his engine be sputtering , catch , sputtering ; he fight to stay in control . ext . china coast - night rafe 's plane settles down toward the water ; he gun the engine to level out , and the plane skim across the surface ; then the propeller catch and the plane stop like it hit a wall , flipping over it 's nose . danny's plane be struggle ; when he try to add throttle , the engine sputter out . the plane drop , skip once on the surface , then hit a shoreline rock belly first . Danny and Anthony be eject through the top of the fuselage ; coma be hurl forward right through the glass nose of the plane . int . rafe' plane - night rafe and Red come to in the plane invert and sink . they react , unbuckle , grab for they crewmate as the plane be quickly fill . the navigator and gunner be unconscious ; the bombardier be dead . Red struggle with the hatch and can not make it budge . rafe it will not open till the plane fill ! they struggle to breath as the water envelop they . but as the water reach the top , rafe take a last breath and dive to the hatch ; it come open , and they swim up , drag the rest of the crew . ext . china coast - night they break the surface , and struggle to shore with the unconscious navigator and gunner . rafe 's look everywhere ; he see Danny 's plane crash against the rock . he fight he way through the surf to Danny 's plane , Red follow . rafe find Danny face up in the water . Red find Anthony on the rock . he 's face up , but as Red lift he he find the back of Anthony 's head be go . the rest of Danny 's crew be float in the surf , dead . rafe and Red pull Danny to shore . rafe Danny ! danny ! Danny 's eye flutter open ; he see rafe and mumble -- danny I have make better landing . Danny 's hand grope to he throat ; rafe find a V shape shard of the fuselage hook into he neck . rafe grab it , try to bend it open ; the sharp metal cut he hand , but he keep strain . it will not work , he pull he .45 from he jacket and try to pry the metal . it work a bit ; he toss the pistol aside and grab the shard again , and open it . rafe you hang on , Danny ! you hang on ! you be gonna make it ! rafe 's head snap forward , crunch with the butt of a rifle ; a japanese patrol , four man , have arrive . they be angry , scared , hype . they knock Red down too , yell and brandish they rifle at the flier on the beach , live and dead . the japanese officer be bark order . they find the Captain 's insignia on Danny 's jacket , and begin bind he to a yoke , he wrist tie to the wood like a crucifixion , a wire around he neck . they find the navigator unconscious , but alive . the officer snap a single word and a soldier shoot the navigator . the other wire rafe 's ankle together ... rafe be emotionless . rafe' consciousness fade in and out . he hear Danny choke , and he mind see Danny as a boy that long year ago , be carry by the neck across the field by he father ... then rafe see the present : Danny be half - carry , half - drag by the neck by two japanese . the officer be pull Red along , hand bound behind he . and rafe start move , be drag on he back , pull by he foot along the rocky sand . his hand slide by the pistol he toss behind the rock . the whole world slow down . he clutches it , shoot one of the man towing Danny . and as the man drag rafe turn around , rafe shoot he in the face . the officer spin , raise he rifle ; the soldier pull Red , shove he onto he face in the sand and aim he rifle too . the officer be pull the trigger to kill rafe when Danny slam he down from behind . the fourth soldier shoot Danny in the gut , then take aim for rafe 's heart -- and be shot through the chest from behind . the japanese officer rise in surprise and be cut down by scythes carry by the chinese peasant soldier who be just arrive . rafe struggle to Danny , move the chinese aside . Danny lie on he back , clutching he wound as if to hold onto he life . rafe Danny ... danny I can not make it . rafe yes you can . but Danny be silent , he eye drift shut , and in that moment rafe think he be go already . then Danny 's eye drift open , find he . danny take care of Evelyn . the word almost kill rafe , fill he with grief . from somewhere he find the strength to say -- rafe I will . and you baby . ( beat ) you be gonna be a father . do Danny hear ? his eye be close again . but he head come up ; rafe take it , and Danny pull he closer to whisper - danny no. you be . rafe cradle Danny in he arm . Danny 's eye be open , but rafe see no light there . rafe Danny ... land of the free ... land of the free ... but Danny will never answer he again . rafe hug Danny tight , and weep . ext . various shot - day the news of the raid hit Washington ... and the rest of America . if it be not wild celebration ; when people see the headline : AIR raid on tokyo , and doolittle doe much ; they face change , as if finally tell what they already know -- that America would prevail . voice over the doolittle raid be the pivotal moment of America 's war with Japan . before it , America know nothing but defeat ; after it , nothing but victory . ( beat ) one crew of doolittle 's raider make it to vladivostok , Russia , where they be interred for much of the war . thirteen plane crash land in China , where the chinese people help the Americans escape , and have they village destroy and citizen execute by the japanese force of occupation . two crew be capture by the japanese and three flier be execute without trial , call '' war criminal " by the japanese . Jimmy doolittle be promote to General , and give the medal of honor . we see the ceremony at the White House , as Roosevelt present doolittle with the metal . ext . tennessee - day out by the crop dusting landing field be a memorial to Danny Walker , with a american flag fly high above it . stand at the memorial be rafe and Evelyn . rafe hold a child in he arm , a boy , name Danny . fade out . the end