peeping tom screenplay by Leo Marks shoot draft , 1959 copyright , 1959 , Michael Powell ( theatres Ltd . ) copyright , 1959 1988 &amp ; 1998 Leo Marks the screen remain dark for a moment . in the darkness we hear the film 's theme music - a gentle whirring purring noise . nothing to be alarmed about . it might be a small content motor . fade in : ext . a deserted STREET - night long shot of the solitary figure of a woman stand professionally alone at the end of the street . it be a bright , still night . we can hear the woman whistling ' stardust ' merrily to herself . camera track around she . a man 's footstep be overlaid . we hear the man start to whistle ' stardust ' under he breath - haltingly at first , then in time with the woman . as we approach , she glance at we over she shoulder - then turn round for a better look . her whistling stop - so , at the same moment , do the man' . close shot of dora - a plump , attractive brunette - still young enough to need two glance at the customer . she smile at we - and be pleased with the reception . she hesitates for a long moment , weigh we up carefully ... and then - half defiantly , half expect to be laugh at . dora it will be two quid ... evidently we have two quid . she beam with relief - throw she fur over she shoulder , jerk she head towards the right - and set off . camera track after she . overlaid be the sound of the man 's footstep . dora resume she whistling . so , under he breath , do the man who be follow she . ext . a deserted STREET - night a wider street than the last - but just as empty . dora sway she way towards a small house . camera follows at a respectful distance . camera pan from dora 's hip to a overflow dustbin . close shot of a man 's hand throw something into the dustbin . it be a empty packet mark kodak Film . camera pan to dora 's house . it stand next to a chemist shop . dora climb the few step which lead to she front door - glance round at we encouragingly - then unlock the door . int . hallway of dora' house - night she switch on a light - and hurry up a flight of stair . camera track after she . she change she tune to ' goodnight sweetheart ' ... and so - under he breath - do the man who be follow she . a woman with hair like a two - tone car come down the stair , wink at dora - look at we for a moment with great curiosity ... wink ... then pass out of camera . dora reach the landing - we be close behind she . int . landing of dora' house - night dora unlock the door of she room - and go inside . int . dora' room - night she switch on the light , throw she fur onto a chair , light the gas fire then turn round . close shot of dora . she hold out she hand -smile . and suddenly . there be a gentle whirring purring sound . camera hold on dora - she be stare at something with great curiosity . it turn quickly to bewilderment - and the bewilderment to fear . she step back from camera - but camera will not have it . dora be now stare at something in horror - she open she mouth to scream - a shadow fall across she face . the sound purr on . fade out : fade in : black and white film sequence the solitary figure of dora stand professionally alone at the end of a street . we see she turn towards camera - and smile at we . we be watch she on a 16 mm screen - project in black and white . camera pull back to show the surround in natural colour . int . mark room - night a darken room in natural colour . the movie screen image be in black and white . we can see the back of a man 's head as he bend intently over a projector . he be watch dora on the screen . he be breathe quickly . we see dora 's hip waggling they way home . the man raise he head , so that we can not see the screen . when he lower it again , we see the woman with the two - tone hair winking at dora ... then we see dora throw she fur onto a chair - and turn towards we . we see she stare at something in bewilderment ... then back away from camera in fear . we hear the man breathe as if at the end of a very long race . as dora open she mouth to scream , and a shadow fall across she face - the title : peeping tom blot out what be happen to she . other credit follow ... behind they we can see dora 's hand push something away . before the director' credit : CUT to : ext . a park - night it be very dark . close shot of a stack of deck chair . two form behind it - a man' and a woman be . they be intertwined and motionless ... suddenly a brilliant shaft of light be train onto they . overlaid be a gentle , whirring sound . camera pan quickly to a nearby tree . close shot of the lens of a cine - camera - the motor purring ... a blind spotlight . camera pan to the couple - the whirring of the camera be overlaid . the man leap up - shield he eye against the light . he advance towards the tree . man hey , you peeping ... the spotlight go out . there be the sound of footstep run away '' and the night be at peace again . and now we see who direct the picture . dissolve to : long shot . ambulance - day it be stand in the roadway outside dora 's house . we see it through the finder of a small cine - camera . ext . street by dora' house - day a crowd have gather outside the house - and we be watch they from a corner of the street ( always through the finder - matte ) . we see several policeman hold back the crowd as two ambulance Men hurry into the house , carry a empty stretcher . Gentle , whirring sound be overlaid . we see child stare curiously into the empty ambulance - and a group of woman talk excitedly to a reporter . close shot of a SMALL man look at we curiously as he approach ( filling the screen within the matte ) . SMALL man what paper be you from ? the finder be lower . close shot of a Young man ( MARK ) sighting a cine-camera . he lower the camera - and turn politely to he interrogator . he seem to have slight difficulty inform he word . MARK I beg you pardon ? SMALL man what paper be you from ? Mark smile at he pleasantly . MARK the observer . the ambulance Men come out of the house carry the stretcher ... there be a body on it cover by a sheet . Mark raise he cine - camera and photograph they . he photograph the ambulance as it drive off . he photograph the policeman disperse the crowd . he photograph he interrogator , who gladly pose for he . then he sling he camera over he shoulder , and stroll away . dissolve to : close shot of dora , smile happily . her photograph be on the front page of a newspaper . above it be a caption : brutally murdered . camera pull back - to show sexy magazine alongside the newspaper . ext . a newsagent's shop - day Mark be stare at a newspaper in the window of a small newsagent 's shop . he glance distastefully at a array of film magazine - show actress show everything - then hurry into the shop . int . newsagent's shop - day a plump , bald - head man stare at Mark . mr. peter you be late ! MARK sorry , sir . he turn towards a small door at the end of the shop . mr. peter ( quietly ) hold on , Mark . Mark turn round . Mr. Peters hesitates , drum he finger on the counter . close shot of Mark . he start to drum he finger on a shelf . mr. peter Mark ... I have a question for you . he stop drum he finger . so , at that moment , do Mark . mr. peter which magazine sell the most copy ? MARK that with girl on the front cover - and no front cover on the girl . mr. peter exactly !... and it 's just the same with the work you do for I . overlaid be the sound of the door open . mr. peter look busy . Mark busy himself sorting some newspaper . a whole row of doras smile up at he . camera pan to doorway of the shop . a elderly gentleman be stand there . elderly gentleman the Times , please . mr. peter certainly , sir . elderly gentleman and the telegraph . mr. peter certainly , sir - anything else ? the elderly gentleman hesitates - glance at Mark 's back . then : elderly gentleman I ... er ... have be tell by a friend that you ... er ... have some view for sale ? mr. peter what sort of view , sir ? elderly gentleman well , er ... mr. peter this sort , sir ? from under the counter he produce a thick book . Mark turn round . from he Pov we see the elderly gentleman open the book . he - er- seem - er - more than a little interested . elderly gentleman I , er ... how much each ? mr. peter five shilling , sir . elderly gentleman I will take this one ... and , er ... this one ... and , er ... how much would the lot be ? mr. peter to you - five pound , sir ... the elderly gentleman hesitates . Mr. Peters turn over a page ... and the elderly gentleman almost turn over with it . mr. peter tell you what , sir . four pound ten - and I will throw in the Times and telegraph ... how 's that ? elderly gentleman well , er ... thank you very much . mr. peter let I wrap it for you , sir . he put it in a wrapper which say ' Educational book ' . mr. peter shall I put you on we mailing list ? elderly gentleman oh no ! but I will look in again ... mr. peter by all mean , sir . he hold open the door for the elderly gentleman , and watch he leave . mr. peter he will not be do the crossword tonight ! he turn triumphantly to Mark . mr. peter ( count out money from wallet ) that picture he choose ... be all yours ! ( hand note ) this be yours ! Mark pocket they without count they . close shot of Mark . mr. peter ( in a very different tone ) and this be yours too ... he pick up a postcard - hold it towards Mark . mr. peter and that 's what I want to talk to you about . it 's a clever picture - because you be a clever lad ... but , Mark ... ( pathetically ) it 's all face . Mark look at the postcard in silence . mr. peter I do not want to hurt you feeling , son - but if people want the mona Lisa they go to the National Gallery . MARK the Louvre . mr. peter well , wherever they go , they do not come here ... so no more of this fancy stuff ... he pat Mark 's arm . mr. peter ... now get upstairs - the girl be wait ... and so be a bonus if you give I what I want . MARK thank you , sir . mr. peter ( amused ) what do you do with all you money ? MARK buy camera . he open a door at the far end of the room . we catch a glimpse of a wind staircase . he start to climb it . int . rear of newsagent's shop - day at the top of the staircase be a door . Mark and he camera trudge towards it . the door open suddenly . a vivacious young redhead - milly - poke she head round . she have a towel round she shoulder . milly well look who 's here ! cecil beaton ! from reverse angle we see Mark venture a shy smile at milly . milly open the door impatiently . milly come on , sonny ... make we famous . through the half - open door we catch a glimpse of a second girl ( lorraine ) . she be stare out of a window , she back to camera . she be naked except for a shawl drape round she shoulder . Mark enter the room ... the door begin to close . camera track towards the door . on the threshold of the room , a hood be throw over we face . the screen black out . in the darkness we hear milly 's voice . milly ( o.s. ) do you read about that girl who be murder last night ? int . studio above newsagent be - day we be with Mark under the hood of a antiquated camera . through the ground - glass of the camera we see a SMALL inverted image of milly . milly ( o.s. ) the same thing nearly happen to I ! we hear lorraine 's voice - muffle , and very far away . lorraine ( o.s. ) when ? milly ( o.s. ) last night ! I go out with my boyfriend ... we be get marry next month ... trouble be my fiance see we . the SMALL inverted image of milly peer anxiously into the camera . milly can you fix it so the bruise do not show ? the ground - glass camera begin travel slowly down milly 's back . close shot of milly . she be on a couch , lie on she stomach at a slightly oblique angle . all that we can see be she face and naked shoulder . from milly 's Pov we see Mark under the hood of a antiquated camera . milly well , can you ? Mark 's voice be muffled under the hood . MARK ... think so , milly . milly then be quick about it , sonny ! I be freezing . close shot of she naked toe . they start to wriggle . close shot of Mark 's toe - in sandal , next to the tripod of the camera . they start to wriggle . close shot of lorraine . we watch she in profile as she stare out of the window - clutching she shawl . she have outstandingly beautiful feature . close shot of Mark . he be stand by the side of the camera , study we thoughtfully . he be hold a remote - control switch panel in he hand . he click off several light and then switch several other on ... then he duck back under the hood . milly there he go again ! what have you get under there ? a girlfriend ? we join Mark under the hood . we see a small inverted image of milly on the ground - glass . her shoulder be now white and glisten , she spine caress by shadow . she be stare into the camera . milly I suppose you have a girlfriend ? he adjust the focus . we can see more clearly the contempt on milly 's face . MARK no , milly . milly hear that , lorraine ? he 's available . from milly 's Pov we see Mark come round to the front of the camera , and insert a dark slide . MARK raise you head , please - and look at the sea . milly ( o.s. ) what sea ? Mark press a rubber bulb - the shutter click . milly what sea ? Mark insert another dark slide . MARK I just want that puzzle look . milly ( o.s. ) oh , do you ? well if you want it again , I will think of you ! camera pull back from milly 's viewpoint , we see Mark hold the rubber bulb . cine - camera be on a ledge behind he . milly you be a puzzle and a half . Mark press the rubber bulb - the shutter click . milly this be a spare time job for you , be not it ? MARK yes , milly . he insert another slide . milly well , what do you do for a live ? MARK take picture . he press the bulb - the shutter click . milly this sort ? MARK no , milly . he insert another slide . milly do not you like this sort ? MARK no , milly . he press the bulb - the shutter click . milly well what sort do you like ? Mark look at she thoughtfully for a long moment . MARK I may show you - one day . milly that will be a treat , I be sure . Mark smile at she shyly . MARK that 's all , milly . milly oh no , sonny ! now take one I can show my mother . Mark insert another slide . MARK think of she then . there be a gentle knock at the door , and Mr. Peters enter . he carry a tray of coffee . he keep he eye modestly lower . mr. peter on the house . he lay the tray on a table , still keep he eye lower , and go out . milly some house ! hope it fall on he ruddy earhole ! she glance over she shoulder . milly it 's you turn now , love ... close shot of lorraine stare out of the window . she stiffen . milly 's voice be overlaid . milly ( o.s. ) ( in a whisper ) ... it 's she first time . lorraine clutches she shawl tightly . milly come on , love . do not be shy . lorraine turn round . the leave side of she face be classical in its beauty . she have a hare lip , which twist and distort the whole of the right side . her eye be large - and beautiful - and defiant . close shot of Mark look at she . close shot of lorraine . lorraine he say ... you need not photograph my face ! close shot of Mark . MARK I want to . close shot of lorraine . beautiful in profile . lorraine I suppose you will fix my bruise too ? MARK I want to ... milly what about the customer ? close shot of the shawl round lorraine 's shoulder . close shot of Mark . MARK you need not be shy ... of I ... it 's my first time too . close shot of lorraine 's eye - puzzle . lorraine your ? MARK in front of eye ... like ... he try to go on - but word be a foreign language to he . MARK ...ey ... as full of ... in a sudden rush : MARK lorraine - let my camera tell you . close shot of lorraine stand very still '' look at he in silence . milly shrug and reach for the coffee pot . overlaid be the gentle purring of a cine-camera . camera linger on the dark liquid be pour into a cup . dissolve to : Whisky be pour into a glass . camera pull back int . helen' sitting room - evening - toward sunset the hand fill the glass be a woman 's ( mrs . stephen ) . she be sit in a high - back chair , and we can not see she face . over she shoulder we watch a party in progress . a group of Young people have surround someone to whom they be sing : young people ( sing ) happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , camera track towards they . close shot of tony hunter , a well - build youngster in he middle twenty . tony happy birthday ... dear helen he obviously mean it . tony happy birthday to you . close shot of ' dear helen ' . a sensitive , intelligent , and extremely attractive girl , who '' as the encircle youngster now inform we in song - be : young people twenty - one today , she 's twenty - one today , she 's get the key of the door , she 's never be twenty - one before . close shot of the glass by Mrs. stephen ' side . it be half empty . a elderly lady lean across to she . she be Mrs. partridge , slightly high on a glass of sherry . mrs . partridge you must be very proud of you daughter , Mrs. stephen . Mrs. stephen grunt . someone switch on a gramophone and the young couple start dance at once . tony hurry up to helen . tony May I ? helen go towards he . a young man call out sharply : young man look ! he be point at something out of camera . all head - except Mrs. stephen ' - follow the direction of he gaze . Mrs. stephen continue to sit motionless in the high - back chair . camera pan to the window . Mark be stand there . close shot of helen look at Mark . we watch he over she shoulder - tony 's arm encircle it . tony ( o.s. ) it 's that chap from upstairs . ext . mark house - evening - low SUN the chap from upstairs press he face to the window . from he Pov we see helen 's eye look at he - the key of the door in they - look at he , not stare . suddenly the rest come into focus - tony 's arm around helen 's shoulder ... the high - back chair in the foreground with the back of that motionless head ... a young couple giggle as they stare at he . Mark step away , and the camera pull back with he . we catch a glimpse of the house - large , sprawling , but with a touch of quality about it , in a quiet , unpretentious street . Mark hurry towards a side entrance . int . helen' sitting room - evening close shot of helen look at the empty window . helen I will ask he in ... close shot of tony - frown . camera pan to Mrs. stephen ' glass ... the hand which refill it have begin to tremble . int . rear of house - night the light be on . we follow Mark ( and he camera ) along a small passage which lead to the hall . the sound of a dance record can be hear . Mark start to whistle it under he breath . int . hall - night over he shoulder we see a staircase , and beyond it the door of helen 's sit room . the sound of helen 's party fill the hall . Mark reach the staircase . there be the sound of a door open . helen 's voice be overlaid : helen ( o.s. ) Excuse I ! Mark hesitates , then turn round . close shot of helen - smile at he . helen I do not know how many time we have pass each other on the stair ? Mark look at she as if he do . helen ... but tonight I be determine at least to say hello to you ! so hello ! her directness be natural , consistent and very hard to resist . close shot of Mark - smile . helen I be helen stephen . she glance with unconceal interest at the camera over he shoulder . helen I be have a party - and the other tenant be there ... and a few friend . we would like you to join we . MARK Mark ... helen pardon ? MARK I be Mark ... helen hallo , Mark . she hold out she hand ... he take it gently . helen please come in ... you will meet the other who live here , and ... MARK thank you , but ... work . helen oh ... she glance again at he camera . helen well , I hope to keep it go for hour yet ... so when you have finish why not look in ? she realize that this be not the happiest of phrase . helen ... Mark ? he hesitates . camera pan to helen 's door . tony stand there . tony darling , you cake - everyone 's wait . close shot of Mark - look at she . MARK thank you . he turn away . MARK happy birthday . he hurry up the stair . close shot of helen . she stare after he for a moment . then return thoughtfully to she party . fade out : the screen remain dark for a moment . we be with Mark in a darken room . he be give a film show - and we be the screen . int . mark dark - room - night his cine - projector point straight at we . a flicker light shine in we eye . we can see he crouching behind the projector . Mark lean forward , watch the screen intently ... perspiration trickle down he forehead . he be breathe very quickly . the sound of the party seep up from downstairs - music , laughter , and a girl 's yelp . there be a knock on the door . Mark do not hear it . camera pan to the door of the room . it be black - out like a photographic dark - room . the knock be repeat . close shot of Mark . he switch off the projector instantly . camera pan to a open cupboard in the corner . close shot of the shelf . they be stack with spool of film . camera travel slowly over this spool . we see Mark 's hand add two more to the collection ; he Voice be overlaid . MARK ( o.s. ) ... minute ... he close the cupboard door . int . mark sitting room - night Mark come out of the dark - room behind he - the light be keep out by a baffle and a curtain . he have a pleasant , normally untidy bedsit room . he wipe he handkerchief across he forehead - then hurry to the door . he open it - helen be stand there . helen I hope I be not disturbing you ? close shot of Mark - shaking he head , smile shyly . close shot of helen . helen I know you would not come down ... so I have bring you this . she hold out a plate on which be a piece of birthday cake . MARK thank you ... he take the plate . MARK ... very much ... helen I must not keep you from you work she turn to go . MARK I would like to offer you a drink . she turn round . helen thank you , Mark . MARK I have not one . helen I would adore some water . she smile . helen a hostess can not drink water at she own party , it look like a hint to the guest . MARK will you ... would you ... like to come in ? helen yes , Mark ... she step over the threshold . the door close behind she . int . mark sitting room - night close shot of helen look round the room . Mark 's voice be overlaid . MARK ( o.s. ) there 's milk ... if you would like some ? helen very much ... if you can spare it ? MARK ( o.s. ) yes . helen glance towards the inner room . he hold out a glass of milk to she . helen thank you , Mark ... she drink it with relish . he watch she in silence . helen this be a pleasant room ... and you have another inside ? MARK yes . helen how long have you live here ? MARK all my life . she look at he in surprise . MARK I be bear in this house oh ? close shot of Mark . MARK it 's my father 's . helen do you mean I have at last find out who we landlord be ? you father ? MARK well - no ... he 's dead ! he hesitates . MARK I be the landlord . she look at he in astonishment . helen you ? MARK yes . helen but you walk about as if you have not pay the rent . MARK I have not . helen I mean ... MARK I know . close shot of Mark . MARK it 's he house - and I will never sell it ... but I can not afford the upkeep , so I let room . he look at she anxiously . MARK ... if I charge too much , tell I and I will tell the agent . helen the rent 's very reasonable , but do not say anything to the other or you will have no peace . MARK peace ...? close shot of helen . helen Mark , what do you do ? MARK ( slowly ) most of the time , I work in a film studio . helen on the photographic side , I will bet . MARK I hope to be a film director ... very soon . helen how exciting . MARK I have some spare time job ... as well . helen to do with photography ? MARK more milk ? helen no thank you ... to do with photography ? MARK yes ... to do with photography ... helen when I come in be you look at some film ? MARK yes . helen of yours ? MARK yes . helen I would like to see they ... he look at she in silence . helen know I be be rude ... but I really would like to see they ... ( she smile . ) ... it would be a birthday present ... from you to I . MARK would it ? helen yes , Mark . MARK oh ... helen but I suppose you be too busy ? she put down the glass , turn to the door . MARK will you ... would you ... like to see they now ? she turn round . he be stand by the entrance to the inner room . helen thank you ... MARK I will ... go first . he lead the way - she follow . for a moment the screen be in darkness . a dark - room darkness . int . the inner room - night we can hear - faintly '' the dance music from downstairs . there be a click - and the wall be suddenly bath in diffuse light , throw the room into delicate shadow . close shot of helen look round in amazement . as certain event of possible interest be to take place in this room , here , in detail , be what amaze helen . the room be the product of three room which have be knock into one . it be very large and extremely well construct ( as we be soon to learn , it be originally a laboratory ) . one half of the room be use for processing , and the other half for filming - and for trade show . the two halve be line by long shelf upon which be perch all shape and size of camera , they spectacle glint in the light . in the processing half two bench ( a ' dry ' bench and a ' wet ' bench ) face each other against opposite wall . there be three sink above the ' wet ' bench and a outburst of equipment above the ' dry ' . this part of the room be light by two dark - room lamp frown in the ceiling above the bench . the other part of the room have a window at the far end of it . heavy drape be put across it . Mark 's projector rest on a small table in front of the 16 mm screen . two bank of flood and a variety of spot light this part of the room . there be a small control panel on the wall . some of the equipment be ancient - but none of it be old . all of it glisten with the affection of its owner . there be absolutely nothing in the room to alarm anyone except a adult ... the kind who start to wonder who pay for it all . close shot of Mark . he stand by the lighting panel , watch helen . from he Pov we see she brush the hair out of she eye as she look slowly round . he brushes the hair out of he . for a moment she turn she back to he . he press a switch on the wall . a gentle light ripple through the back of helen 's hair . shot of helen . she turn to he . she be very nearly at a loss for word . helen this be so ... well - so many thing ... but above all - it 's so ... she take a final look round . helen ... completely unexpected ! she look at he searchingly . helen be all of it yours ? MARK yes . helen I mean ... be it design by you ? furnish by you ? tell I about this room . close shot of Mark . MARK it belong to my father helen what be he ? MARK scientist ... helen then this equipment be he ? MARK no ... he hesitates . MARK sold he to buy it ... helen but it seem to be so ... technical . she look at he with renew interest . helen if this be where you work , I can not wait to see what you work at . close shot of Mark - in difficulty . MARK do not know what to show you ? helen well ... what be you look at when I interrupt you ? he look at she thoughtfully . MARK all right ! he cross to the corner cupboard - open the door . close shot of the cupboard . we see Mark 's hand reach for a spool of film ... then hesitate , poise above another spool . close shot of helen - watch with interest . reverse angle shot of Mark . he close the cupboard , and turn round ... there be a spool of film in he hand . he walk slowly towards he projector ... he seem '' for the moment '' to have forget she be there . close shot of helen - watch he thread the film into the projector . MARK this be the first ... twenty - first birthday present ... I will ever have give . helen it 's the first I have ever ask for ... he place a chair a few foot away from the screen - and , with a oddly courteous bow , beckon she into it . she sit down . close shot of Mark . he look at she intently for a moment - then turn off the light . over helen 's shoulder we can just make out the empty screen . Mark switch on the projector . close shot of helen - the light flicker on she face . close shot of Mark stare at helen 's face . close shot of helen . we see she expression of surprise . over Mark 's shoulder we see the surprise grow . over helen 's shoulder we see the screen . we be look at a small boy . he be lie in he bed asleep . although the print be old , we can see that he be a remarkably handsome boy . helen Mark , what a beautiful child . the boy turn restlessly in he sleep ... one of he pillow fall to the floor . helen who be he ? MARK I helen of course it be ! then who take this film ? MARK ( quietly ) my Father . a light - as if from a small torch '' start to shine on the child 's eye . he move restlessly . helen what a wonderful idea ... the light play on the child 's leave eye , then on he right . it be grow brighter . helen you will be able to show it to you own chi ... the child wake up suddenly . he stare at something ... then start to scream . helen you must have have a bad dream ... close shot of Mark watch she in silence . helen ... but what be that light ? ... the camera , I suppose ? Mark do not answer . the small screen be fill with the face of the scream , terrify child . ( Mark 's father now try a not altogether successful dissolve : ) we now see the little boy stand in front of a garden wall . he try hard to climb to the top of the wall , but fall over . helen laugh . Mark watch she in silence . small Mark try again - and again - to scale the wall ... at last he succeed . helen whatever be you after ? we see the little boy lie flat on the wall stare at something ... rapt , motionless . the cine - camera which be take this picture now track rather clumsily towards the wall . high angle shot over the wall of what be fascinating young Mark - a man and woman be lie on the ground , kissing . the cine - camera pan - again rather clumsily - to young Mark ... stare intently . helen naughty boy I hope you be spanke ! close shot of helen . it suddenly occur to she . helen ... but , Mark ... what a strange thing for you father to photograph . MARK switch off ? helen no . she stare again at that lonely figure perch on the wall . helen no . the small screen begin to dissolve ... so do the large one . dissolve to : int . helen' sitting room - night over Mrs. stephen ' shoulder we see the party in progress . the glass by she side be full again . tony be dance with a attractive blonde . mrs . stephen tony ! he turn round . tony I , Mrs. stephen ? the head nod . tony advance reluctantly towards she . reverse angle shot of Mrs. stephen . over tony 's shoulder we see a powerfully build and once lovely woman . she be so perpetually drunk as almost to be sober . the few movement she make be slow - deliberate - and give nothing away . the voice articulate so carefully that the slur scarcely show . the fact that she be blind almost help to conceal the fact that she be drunk . her sightless eye stare out the camera as tony reach she . mrs . stephen I want a word with you . dissolve to : close shot of helen 's eye . the light from the projector flicker into they . helen I hate people who chatter in film - but there 's so much I want to ask . camera pull back int . the inner room - night she be lean forward , she face cup in she hand , watch the small screen intently . close shot of Mark . his face be cup in he hand as he watch she intently . over helen 's shoulder we see Mark in the make . the child be again asleep ... this time he be be photograph from the head of the bed - the camera pointing straight down at he face . a beam of light start to shine onto he eye , first onto the leave , then onto the right . helen ( in a whisper ) again ? Mark look at she in silence . the boy move restlessly , then turn over onto he face , pull the bedclothes round he . his right hand be limp on the pillow . the light shine for a moment on this hand , then go out . helen half turn towards Mark . helen Mark , this be not some kind of jo ... her attention be suddenly rivete on the screen . MARK ( in a whisper ) no , helen . over helen 's shoulder we see something drop onto the child 's bed ... something which stay quite still for a moment , then start crawl towards the counterpane . it be a small lizard . helen Mark , whatever be that ? her voice trail away . she stare - repell and fascinate - at the screen . we see Mark reach for he cine - camera . over helen 's shoulder we see the lizard reach the counterpane . it stretch itself out on the floral design - its body be point towards the child 's hand . we hear a click - and suddenly a spotlight fall onto helen 's face . overlaid be the gentle purring of Mark 's cine - camera . she wheel towards he - blotting out the small screen . helen what be you ... MARK want to photograph you ... watch ... helen no , Mark ! the camera purr on . helen no ! he switch off the spot ... the purring of the camera die away . she turn towards the small screen . helen help I to understand this ... this nightmare ... the small boy be sit upright ... scream with terror ... there be no sign of the lizard . a handkerchief be throw onto the boy' bed . he continue cry - look up into someone 's face . close shot of Mark watch the screen . we hear a man 's deep voice overlaid . man' deep voice ( o.s. ) that will do Mark ... dry you eye and stop be silly . small Mark reach for the handkerchief and wipe he eye ... he hand be tremble . the small screen tremble with they into a clumsy dissolve . helen turn to Mark . helen all right ... now look ... Mark - what be all that about ? he look at she helplessly . helen ... that be a lizard , be not it ? or a ... MARK Liz ... helen well how do it get there ?... how do it get there Mark ?... be it a pet ? MARK not mine ... helen wo not you try to explain ? close shot of Mark stare at the screen . MARK you would better go ! helen I like to understand what I be show ! she turn to the screen . helen what be you father try to do ?... photograph you at nigh ... her voice trail away . MARK better go ... from helen 's Pov we see the screen . small Mark be wear a dark suit and a black tie . he be stand at the foot of a four-poster bed , stare at something in horror and disbelief ... he hand clasp the bedrail tightly . slowly - very slowly - he walk towards the head of the bed , stare . his lip begin to quiver . he bend forward over the bed . we can see the back of he bow head . helen Mark ... what be this ? MARK I be say ... goodbye ... my mother ... we catch a glimpse of a woman 's hand fold in front of she . close shot of helen . helen ( in a whisper ) he ... photograph ... that ...? close shot of Mark . MARK yes . suddenly - and healthily - he temper snap . MARK ... and this ! he push a lever on he projector as far forward as it will go . the film be now show at tremendous speed - we catch a glimpse of a long line of car . MARK ... she funeral ! it speed by . MARK ... and this ! a confuse picture of earth and flower . MARK ... she burial ! the briefest glimpse of a little boy with a spade . MARK ... and this ! we see a girl in a bikini by sand - dune . Mark offer no comment . helen Mark , who be that ? MARK her successor . close shot of helen . helen suc -? MARK he marry she ... six week after ... the previous sequence . he pull back the lever of he projector ... the film return to its normal speed . we see the same attractive young woman stand in a garden . she be hold a bewilder and defiant Mark by the hand . suddenly the girl run towards camera - leave Mark stand alone . MARK she film ... what come now . close shot of helen watch intently . it 's out of focus ! from helen 's Pov we see a tall man in a black coat walk away from camera . he hurry towards small Mark - who watch he anxiously . helen be that you father ? MARK the morning that he leave for he honeymoon . the back of Mark 's father suddenly obscure we view of small Mark ... all we can see be that tall figure look downward stand very still . camera wobble - as if the person hold it be laugh . helen what be he do ? MARK give I a present ... helen what be it ? Mark stare at the blurred screen , perspiration trickle down he forehead . MARK can not you guess ? the small screen come back into focus - and suddenly we camera rush towards it . we see a close shot of a close shot - and at the moment we see it , Mark 's Voice be overlaid ... a whisper which echoe round the room . MARK ( o.s. ) a camera ... we be look at a close shot of a camera in a small boy 's hand . there be a single shrill chord of music on the sound track . close shot of the shelf which encircle Mark 's room . we be look at the very same camera which the small boy be hold . close shot of the camera in small Mark 's hand . his father 's finger point lo the view -finder . small Mark stare into it . small Mark begin to smile . close shot of Mark watch himself be bear . close shot of helen watch Mark . helen switch it off ! he continue to stare at the screen . helen switch it off , Mark ! she turn to the projector - touch the wrong switch . small Mark and he father go rapidly backwards . Mark turn off the projector abruptly . the room be in darkness . we can hear both of they breathe quickly . the light go on . Mark be stand by the exit - he keep he face avert . helen walk slowly towards the exit . she glance round once , over she shoulder , then go into the other room . Mark stare after she . int . mark sitting room - night she walk towards the door ... turn round suddenly - almost in anger . helen so he be a scientist ? he keep he face avert . helen what kind of scientist , Mark ? MARK biologist . helen what be he try to do to you ? he do not answer . helen Mark !... he turn round slowly . from he Pov we see the willingness to understand on she face . helen what be he try to do to you ? MARK watch I ... grow up ... she walk towards he ... take he handkerchief from he jacket pocket and wipe he forehead . MARK he want a record of a grow child ... complete in every detail - if such a thing be possible - and he try to make it possible by training a camera on I ... at all time ... close shot of Mark . MARK I never know ... the whole of my childhood ... one moment 's privacy ... helen and that light in you eye ?... and that - thing ? MARK he be interested ... in the reaction of the nervous system ... to fear ... fear ? helen fear ? MARK fear . close shot of the word ' fear ' . camera pull back we be look at the spine of a book on Mark 's shelf . the full title read : the physiology of fear by Professor A. n. Lewis . mark voice be overlaid : MARK ( o.s. ) especially fear in child - and how they react to it . close shot of the word ' fear ' on the next book . camera pull back the full title read : fear and the nervous system , part i. professor A. n. lewis . there be a row of such book all by Professor Lewis . close shot of Mark . MARK I think he learn a lot ... from I ... I would wake up ... scream ... sometimes ... and he would be there ... take note ... and picture ... and I be sure good come of it ... for some people ... he be brilliant . helen a scientist drop a lizard onto a child 's bed - and good come of it ? MARK I do not know ... if he do ... but if he do ... he will have learn something of value ... helen if only about lizard ! Mark - it sound to I as if you father be ... MARK he found clinic . helen he sound completely ... MARK he be famous ! Professor A. n. Lewis ... three clinic . helen why do you still live in he house ... and watch he film ? MARK they help make I ... what I be . helen a photographer ? it 's no wonder , be it ? but you still have not show I anything you have photograph ! he look at she in silence . helen will you ? there be a knock on the door . MARK one day ... he hurry to the door , and open it . tony be stand there . tony Excuse I , but ... from tony 's Pov we see helen look at the door of the dark room . tony oh , there you be , helen . she turn towards he . tony the party look like break up , and we be wonder if ... helen I be come . she turn to Mark . helen I wish you would join we . Mark shake he head . MARK thanks ... work . helen I hope that you ... she be suddenly aware of tony watch she . she glance at the birthday cake on the table . helen ... have a sweet tooth ! she smile at he . helen thank you ... for my present . she go into the passage . tony good night , old boy . he put he arm round helen , and close the door . Mark stare after they , motionless . the camera linger on the birthday cake . as the light fade , a voice yell : cut ! CUT to : int . film studio - day high angle shot of a set show part of a large West end store . a blonde be lie unconscious in front of a lift - and a crowd of extras surround she . as the word ' cut ' die away , the extras relax - and the blonde ( diane ashley ) prop herself onto she elbow , look towards the director . close shot of the director ( arthur baden ) stand beside the camera . baden ok . print that one ! he glance at the chief cameraman ( philip tale ) , who nod he head in agreement . close shot of Mark stand at the back of the camera crew . he shake he head in disagreement . the Chief cameraman spot Mark 's small mutiny and wag he finger at he . as the Chief cameraman turn away , Mark 's finger automatically wag back . close shot of bade look at he watch . he sigh , then nod to the Assistant director who stand beside he . assistant director all right , everyone ! back at two ! bade walk out without a word to anyone . a hubbub of chatter break out . the unit downs tool and begin to disperse . close shot of one of the extras ( vivian ) - a small , vivacious , brunette with delicate , attractive feature . she edge towards the camera crew . close shot of Mark watch she . over he shoulder we see vivian glance towards he . he nod almost imperceptibly . vivian hurry towards the exit . Mark turn to a shelf behind he - pick up he cine - camera and a little full string bag contain he lunch . dissolve to : ext . studio ground - day close shot of vivian munch a sandwich . camera pull back she be lean against a wall in a corner of a exterior set - a chinese temple or a medieval castle ( or a combination of each like a pinewood draw - room ) . beside she she have a small tape-recorder , or record -player . we hear music - modem rhythm . there be several people strolling about - but no one in the immediate vicinity . no one ... except Mark . close shot of Mark - settling down on the other side of the wall ( where they can talk without be see together ) . vivian Mark ? MARK hallo ... vivian be you spot ? MARK do not think so . vivian ( switch off music ) be it tonight ? close shot of Mark . MARK yes . close shot of vivian . vivian Mark ... MARK yes ? vivian you be sure we will not be catch ? MARK not if you do as I tell you . vivian I will , I promise . MARK you have not ... say anything ... to anyone ? vivian of course not . MARK good ... like some cake ? vivian thank you . we see he break off a piece of birthday cake , and pass it over to she . vivian Mark ... I want to be quite clear about this ... close shot of Mark stare at he cake . vivian tonight , when the studio 's empty ... I be to come back - and you be go to give I a film test ... right ? MARK right . vivian you will then print the film - so I can show it to my agent and anyone else who matter - right ? MARK right . vivian Mark ... she hesitates . vivian I have be offer film test before ... but I have not like the term . MARK there be not any . vivian then why be you do this ? risking you job and ... MARK not just for you ... viv ... I have a agent too - and I want to show he what I can do ... I want to direct ... vivian ( switch on music again ) there 's someone come . Mark lie motionless behind the wall . a young male extra come towards vivian . extra hallo - lousy morning 's work , be not it ? vivian yes . extra think I see you talk to somebody ... vivian I be learn my line . extra do not know you have any ... he glance at he watch . extra want a drink ? dutch ? vivian later ... perhaps . extra be see you he wander off . vivian Mark ... MARK yes ? vivian ( switch off music again ) you do not mind I ask ? MARK no , more cake ? vivian no ... you want to direct ... more badly than anything do not you ? Mark be silent , stare at the sky . vivian do not you , Mark ? MARK I want ... to photograph ... the impossible ... vivian what be impossible ? MARK something ... that have never be photograph before . vivian what ? MARK you really want to know ...? vivian very much , especially if there 's a part for I . MARK I want ... to photograph a murder ... while it 's be commit . vivian no part for I then . MARK but that ... be not enough . vivian be this a new script ? MARK I want ... to frighten ... someone ... to death ... and photograph ... they expression of fear ... vivian Mark ! what 's this story call ? MARK that be something ... he never photograph ... vivian who ? Mark be silent . vivian who be he , Mark ? MARK anyone . vivian no one could ... they would be catch ! MARK I would not care ... if I have my picture . vivian besides , how would you frighten anyone to death ? MARK there 's a way . vivian well , what ? MARK there 's a way . vivian you would better not tell I ! I will be scared to death tonight as it be ! a hooter . vivian back on the set - shall I go first ? MARK please . she rise to she foot . from behind the wall come a gentle whirring purring sound . vivian what be you do ? MARK get into practice . she smile down at he . vivian see you tonight ! MARK see you tonight ! she walk away . and the gentle purring continue . camera pan to the sun beat down on the lot . dissolve to : a arc lamp beat down on the set . int . studio - day bade bear down on the Assistant director . baden would you enquire if we lead lady be ready to start lead . a cry go up , assistant ( o.s. ) miss Diane Ashley , please !... miss Diane Ashley , please !... close shot of bade turn towards the entrance . close shot of Mark turn towards the entrance . close shot of entrance . int . studio - day miss. diane ashley appear ... among the many quality she radiate be goodwill - especially towards miss Diane Ashley . diane how be you , spark ? chippy ? Bob ? voice hallo , Diane ... diane how be you , Tom ? Roger ? voice hallo , Diane ... and so on , until : diane how be you , phil ?... Mark ? close shot of Mark . MARK hallo , miss Ashley . diane ( to a figure high in the scaffold ) how be you , Pete ...? voice hi , di! she reach bade - and completely ignore he . baden darling , you have only be play this part for three week , so in case you have not yet have a chance to read the script ... she ignore this . baden ... may I remind you that you be a girl with a irresistible impulse ! she look at he - then at she hand - and nod . baden a kleptomaniac ! who can not help steal ... get inside she , Diane !... what - in all the world - do you most want to steal ? diane the limelight ! bade sigh . baden we will run the scene where you catch sight of the store detective and faint ... where 's the girl who play the bystander ? vivian step forward . baden how be you ? vivian hallo , Diane ... 1st assistant position , everyone ! close shot of vivian take she position in front of the lift . she glance at she watch . close shot of Mark stand by the side of the studio camera . he glance at he watch . camera track towards the lift . from Mark 's Pov we see Diane catch sight of the store detective - and crumple in a faint . baden hit that floor with a thud ! close shot of door mark : don jarvis - managing director . baden ( o.s. ) d.j. insist on realism ! a timid knock be overlaid before we dare enter . int . executive office - afternoon close shot of a pile of script on a great man 's desk . camera pull back mr. jarvis be immerse in read a script ... he eye race across the page . over he shoulder we see what he be read ... a sheet of figure attach to the script . at the same time Mr. jarvis be hold a telephone receiver to he ear - and we hear a enthusiastic voice filter through it : voice ( off - screen ) voice ( o.s. filter ) ... it 's a wonderful subject , d.j.... paramount want it , m.g.m. want it , Columbia want it . jarvis but be it commercial ? voice ( o.s. filter ) Danny angel want it ! still read the script , Mr. jarvis lay the receiver on he desk and pick up another . jarvis be that budget ready ? well bring them in . he replace this receiver and pick up the original . the voice be still talk - something about 'a wonderful part for Kenny or alec ' ... voice ( o.s. filter ) send I a memo - we will discuss it next week . he replace the receiver . miss simpson enter . she hand he some folder ... she smile curtsy . close shot of Mr. jarvis open a folder . over he shoulder we see a page cover with row upon row of figure . the great man 's finger skim along the figure like a tailor feel cloth . jarvis there 's a error ! the total should be a hundred and fifty thousand pound fourteen shilling and sixpence - not thirteen and ninepence ... that could mean the difference between profit and loss on a first feature ! miss simpson sorry , d.j. he glower at she - but he day be make . jarvis any unit work late tonight ? miss simpson only one , sir . night exterior on the lot . the elephant with two ... jarvis that animal need a stick of dynamite ! close shot of jarvis . jarvis remind I to pay they a visit tonight . miss simpson yes , d.j. she make a note in she little book . jarvis now , miss Simpson ... take a memo to all department head ... over he shoulder we see a open window . camera track towards it . jarvis ( o.s. ) in light of the new economy drive ... dissolve to : close shot of clapper Boy 's board . it read : take 49 . the camera pull back int . studio - late afternoon baden again , please ... and , darling ... he turn to Diane , who be wearily pick herself up off the floor . baden ... just this once ... will you please make a effort to forget that you be stun , and try to look as if you be stunne ...? diane say one kind word - and I would be ! assistant ( hastily ) position , everyone ! dissolve to : montage sequence : camera crew on a tracking shot . Mark be operate the selsen motor . bade - shaking he head . Diane - pick herself up off the floor . clapper Boy 's board '' read : take 57 . vivian - glance at she watch . Mark - glance at he . Diane - pick herself up off the floor . diane if I have to faint once more I shall faint ! dissolve to : close shot of bade - triumphant at last . baden cut ! how be that ?... ( thumb up all round - with one exception ) Mark ? Mark nod perfunctorily . baden print it ! he glance at he watch - then nod to the Assistant director . assistant that 's it , boy and girl . . . wrap it up ! night -night everyone ! bade put he arm round Diane 's shoulder . baden how be you , darling ? she make a hobbling exit . close shot of vivian hurry towards the exit carry she little recorder . in a burst of chatter , the unit start to disperse . close shot of Mark pick up he cine - camera and he lunch bag . the clapper boy come up to he . clapper boy catch the bus ? MARK not tonight ... meeting someone ... for a drink . clapper boy want to discuss the film at the everyman ... tomorrow then ? MARK I hope so . clapper boy good night , Mark . MARK good night . dissolve to : close shot of vivian . she be sit at a dress - room table ... make - up with care . int . dressing room - late afternoon Three other girl share the dress room with she . there be a knock at the door - and the Young extra who speak to vivian in the grounds poke he head round . extra greeting ... lousy afternoon 's work , be not it ? who want a lift to town ? 1st girl in what ? extra colleague 's car ... there 's room for two on my lap - three at a pinch . 1st girl which be what we would get . 2 nd girl you , viv ? vivian no , thanks ... I have a date ... at the local . 1st girl we two then ? 2 nd girl I be game ... might as well get pinch in a car as squeeze in a tube . ext . the car park - late afternoon the car be stream towards the gate . close shot of bade drive a small new car . close shot of the Chief cameraman drive a large old one . int . don jarvis ' office - late afternoon he be still immerse in he figure . miss Simpson be walk to the door . she glance at she little book . miss simpson I be to remind you to pay a surprise visit tonight to the elephant with ... he grunt . miss simpson good night , d.j. jarvis go on read ... dissolve to : close shot of vivian . int . dressing room Music play . vivian move about nervously in front of a mirror in the desert dress room . she wear slack and a shirt . she glance at she watch - she hand be tremble - look at watch , hear the fireman come , then switch off the music and hide in the big cupboard - int . corridor fireman make he round , turn off light . ext . the car park - early evening only a few car now remain . it be beginning to grow dark . int . studio corridor - early evening the long corridor be dim and desert . int . passage - early evening the fireman be make he round . int . dressing room - early evening vivian be stand in the cupboard - the light be on . int . corridor - early evening fireman open the dress - room door - and glance inside . int . power house - early evening two electrician be smoking . int . corridor - early evening fireman open the door of vivian 's dress room . int . dressing room - early evening from vivian 's Pov we see the light go out . we hear the sound of the door close - and the fireman 's footstep disappear down the corridor . int . don jarvis ' office - early evening the great man close up he folder ... glance at he watch ... turn out the light . dissolve to : int . corridor - early evening vivian be hurry along a desert corridor ... and the little recorder . she pause - and glance out of a door . she carry she case over she shoulder we see the studio lot - in a blaze of light we can see a crowd of people hang about in solar topee and tropical kit . reverse shot of vivian watch anxiously . she turn away - and hurry down the corridor . ext . the courtyard . early evening Don jarvis stride across the courtyard . we can almost hear - and perhaps we do - a cash register ringing up . one of the white - clad figure loung indolently in the doorway glance round , see the inquisition approach and freeze . his degree of terror might satisfy Mark . the great man stride on . dissolve to : int . entrance to stage E. - early evening vivian pause in front of the entrance to the set . above the note be a notice : ' no admittance while red light be on ' . the light be out . vivian look round - there be no one in sight . vivian slip in quietly , and close the door behind she . int . studio - early evening the set be in darkness . close shot of vivian look round . vivian ( in a whisper ) Mark ...? no reply . vivian hesitates ... then edge slowly forward . ahead of she be shadowy counter full of merchandise . Beyond they be the door of the lift . close shot of the studio camera and the director 's empty chair beside it . close shot of vivian edging forward . vivian Mark ...? she reach one of the counter - and lean against it , look around . reverse angle shot of vivian . she be lean against the counter of the trunk department . trunks and suitcase at ' greatly reduce price ' be pile behind she . close shot of vivian . she start whistling nervously under she breath . very faintly overlaid be the sound of Mark whistling under he . vivian stop whistling - and so do Mark . she listen intently for a moment - then peer at she watch . close shot of the watch on Mark 's wrist . close shot of vivian . she shiver suddenly ... then look at she watch again . she hesitates ... then turn towards the exit , and start to edge back . she trip over a cable and almost fall . suddenly she be bath in light . she wheel round . one of the big spot be beat down on she . vivian Mark ...? no sign of he . overlaid be a gentle purring sound . where be another light come on , shine through she hair . vivian Mark ! the sound of he step be overlaid . vivian listen ... we must ... his footstep stop ... she look round . vivian where be you ? his voice be quietly overlaid . MARK ( o.s. ) here , viv ... she wheel round . close shot of Mark sit in the director 's chair . he be hold in he lap he cine - camera , and a black bag . close shot of vivian breathe quickly . vivian you frighten I ! he look at she in silence . vivian now listen ... they be work late on the lot . MARK I know . they be branch off this stage - I be use they juice . he nod , stare at she intently . vivian we must call it off ... someone 's bound to see we . MARK they might ... ( rise slowly ) ... but they will not interrupt we while we be filming ... I have put the red light on . int . entrance to set - early evening close shot of the red light - burn . close shot of vivian . int . studio - early evening vivian you have what ?... MARK put the ... vivian then they will know someone 's here . MARK they will not come in . vivian they will wait outside ... what 's the difference ? MARK the difference be ... a perfect film ... over he shoulder we see the studio camera . MARK ... have wait ... a long time ... for this ... and so have you ... no one ... must interrupt it . she glance round at the brazenly burn light ; shake she head despairingly . vivian we will be catch . MARK what do that matter ? vivian matter ! MARK you stand to lose ... a job as a extra ... I stand to lose ... nothing . she look at he in silence . MARK ... the result must be so perfect ... that the risk do not count ... close shot of Mark . MARK so perfect ... that even he ... ( he hesitates ) ... even he ... would say ... vivian who Don jarvis !? he look at she , then nod . vivian oh ! he would say : ( imitate the great man 's voice ) sign on the dot line , kiddie ! you can use my pen , but bring you own ink ! ( she excitement be grow ) Mark ... if you be sure it 's worth it ? MARK it 's time to find out , viv ... he walk slowly towards the studio camera . she prepare for the test by switch on music and warming up with dance movement . vivian come on ! get hot ! ( she accent the rhythm ) Mark put the cine- camera and the black cloth bag on the dolly , slowly mount the platform , close the blimp - and swing the camera . we watch he from the top of the studio , from the door of the studio , from the director 's chair . and finally we watch he from vivian 's Pov . she stop dance but the music continue . MARK you belong there ... he stare ahead of he , he mind far , far away ... then bend and look into the finder . there be a single harsh chord of music - and the screen go dark . it remain dark for a moment . suddenly the darkness part like curtain - and in the centre we see vivian 's face in the finder of the studio camera . ( unlike the ground - glass of the newsagent 's camera , we see everything the right way up and in perfect perspective . ) Mark hook a filler - light below the camera and switch it on . he adjust the finder until he have make of vivian 's delicate feature a radiant miniature . the miniature smile shyly at he . she have stop dance and be look directly at the camera . Music continue . vivian I do feel alone in front of it ... ( she hesitates ) I suppose star never do ? MARK they feel alone without it ... ( he look in the eyepiece ) through the film , we can see only she eye - large and wistful . MARK ... and the great one ... feel alone ... all the time ... she become the uninhibit vivian again . vivian then I be great , boy ! what be it you want I to act ? ( she strike a attitude a , la rabbin ) he look up from the camera ; she smile and start keep time to the rhythm again . vivian be frighten to death ? MARK you remember ? vivian yes - and I will have a go ! we hear he quick breathe . vivian I have be wonder all the afternoon how you would do it ! I will bet you have think of a wonderful twist ! ( she do a wonderful twist ) close shot of Mark . he look down - a little sadly - and peer into the finder . ( the camera dolly be on track - he track forward . ) Music continue - piano . in the finder we see a large trunk - 'at greatly reduce price ' '' on the shelf behind vivian . from vivian 's Pov we see Mark leave the studio camera '' and hurry towards the trunk . she watch he wide -ey . vivian what be you do ? MARK Building we a set . he reach for the large trunk . vivian why not pull the studio down while you be about it ? they can only hang you once . MARK exactly . he carry the trunk towards the studio camera , and lay it carefully on the floor . Music continue . vivian peer into the front - glass of the studio camera '' as if it be a mirror . the rhythm of the music change . vivian if only Don jarvis could see I now ! she jump onto the trunk and tap . vivian if only I could see Don jarvis now ! she giggle again . vivian I warn you , Mark - I be hysterical ... I would rather act die of laughter , if it 's all the same to you ... she jump off the trunk onto the floor . he open the trunk . she jump into it . her laughter echoe round the desert studio . dissolve to : int . power house - early evening the two electrician be roaring with laughter . one of they be make tea . 1st electrician so he do it again ! now you tell one . camera pan to a dial on the wall ... one of the needle flicker slightly . 2 nd electrician half a mo ... 1st electrician ( o.s. ) one lump or two ? 2 nd electrician as the starlet say to the casting director ... he turn away from the dial , and grasp at the outstretch mug . dissolve to : close shot of vivian recording - she little recorder be twitter back at great speed . vivian ( to Mark , over she shoulder ) what be you do ? she restart music . int . studio - early evening she be watch Mark curiously as he arrange the lighting . MARK be patient , viv ... it 's go to be worth it . close shot of the studio camera . in front of it - fix on a small hook - be a tape measure . Mark reach for it ... then carefully measure the distance between the trunk and the camera ... then he take apiece of chalk from he pocket and make a small cross on the floor . the music continue . vivian oh well ! I have stand alone in front of a studio camera ! that 's more than most have . MARK ever stand ... behind one ? he glance at a nearby dial - only a few foot away from the one which be flicker . vivian no . MARK help yourself . she go around the camera out of sight - and he be out of hers . he glance into the trunk - it be deep , and very empty . vivian ( accent the rhythm ) I can see you , Mark ... perfectly ! MARK good ... vivian yes , sir ! I will bet I be the best camerawoman in the business ! . . . ( beat time with she foot ) Mark hurry to the side of the studio camera and pick up he cine - camera . vivian ( o.s. ) I have lose you ! MARK I will be back . suddenly Mark 's face appear in the finder . vivian welcome , stranger ! we see Mark raise he cine - camera . he seem to be point it straight at we . we hear a gentle purring . vivian what be you do ? MARK photograph you photograph I ... High angle shot of Mark stand in front of the studio camera - photograph she photograph he . vivian ( in mock awe ) Mark , you be brilliant ... he walk slowly towards she , hold he cine - camera to he eye . in the finder of Mark 's cine - camera we see vivian at the studio camera . she come closer and closer . vivian lose you again ! MARK ( o.s. ) never mind . we see he stand almost on top of she - he cine - camera train on she . MARK I be ready now , viv ... she look up slowly - and a little hesitantly . Music , all drum . MARK go and stand on that cross , will you ? vivian ( solemnly ) yes , sir , Mr. director , sir . he watch she in silence as she walk to the front of the studio camera and take up she position . while the drum - beat continue . dissolve to : ext . courtyard - early evening Don jarvis be leave the unit work on the lot . it be now bustling with activity . a girl come up to he ... she raise she cigarette for a light - and look into he eye . he hand she a box of match ... and walk away . over he shoulder we see the other stage - apparently empty . Don jarvis hesitates , then stride towards one . int . power house - early evening close shot of a dial - the needle flicker slightly . overlaid be the voice of the 1st electrician . 1st electrician ( o.s. ) ... and here 's one of the wife and nipper ... dissolve to : int . studio - early evening close shot of vivian stare at the trunk on the floor behind she . the record rhythm continue . vivian be I suppose to imagine someone be go to put I in there ? Mark be watch she over the top of the studio camera . MARK yes , viv ... he peer into the viewfinder . in the finder we see vivian look rather pathetically into camera . vivian Mark - I hope I will not let you down ... I know you be try to create atmosphere for I - but ... I just do not feel frighten ! would not it be better if I just do my number ? MARK ( shaking head ) later . vivian oh all right ! I could do anything - I feel so relaxed - and that 's due to you ... you be so at home with that camera you make I feel at home too ... you have it in you , boy ! from she Pov we see see he raise he head slightly . MARK ready , viv ? MARK vivian ( great effort ) well - I will try - in the finder we see she wrinkling she brow . MARK vivian but what ... would ... frighten I to death ? ( look appealingly into camera ) set the mood for I , Mark ... MARK well ... he go and switch off the recorder . the sudden silence be startling . MARK imagine someone ... come towards you ... who 's go to kill you - regardless of consequence ... vivian a madman ? MARK yes - but he know it ... and you do not ... and just to kill you ... be not enough for he . vivian but how would he frighten I to ? she stare into focus screen - intrigue , but not frighten , not even by the silence and shadowy vastness around she . MARK stay there , viv ... you be ... just right . she stand motionless - stare into camera . int . corridor in studio - early evening close shot of Don jarvis . he be stand motionless , stare down a corridor . what he be stare at be out of camera - and it be puzzle the great man . he walk quietly along the corridor . close shot of vivian . vivian I can not imagine what you have think of ! int . studio - early evening close shot of Mark . he raise he head slowly - and lock the studio camera off . then he walk slowly towards she . high angle shot of Mark walk towards vivian . camera zoom down to the trunk behind she . Mark 's voice be overlaid : MARK ( o.s. ) suppose this ... be one of he weapon ... close shot of Don jarvis . int . corridor - early evening the great man be poise for the kill . he be move forward stealthily ... and suddenly break into a run . camera pan - and we see the object of he attention . a wisp of smoke be come from behind a alcove . close shot of a fireman - smoking a cigarette . close shot of Don jarvis - smoking ! close shot of the fireman 's terror as he see Don jarvis . jarvis smoke on duty ! the fireman open he mouth to explain '' and smoke exude . jarvis come with I ! the fireman follow he meekly . camera pan . so near - yet a lifetime away - a red light be burn above a close door . close shot of vivian - puzzle . vivian that ..? int . studio E. - early evening close shot of Mark . he be hold he cine - camera ; fix to it be a collapsible tripod . suddenly he pull one leg of the tripod out . we see that a very sharp spike protrude from the end of it . from Mark 's Pov we see vivian look at the spike . he raise it towards she - until the spike be only inch from she throat . vivian yes ... that would be frightening ! MARK but ... there 's something else ... we can hear he heart pound as if it will burst - and gradually vivian , too , become aware of it . vivian well ? what be it ? just for a moment Mark 's arm move . his back hide what he be do . suddenly we see vivian turn she head sharply - she be look at something out of camera . vivian ( in a whisper ) that ...? the spike be very close to she throat - but vivian ignore it , stare out of camera . over Mark 's shoulder we concentrate on vivian 's face . vivian ( in a whisper ) Mark ... take it ... the fear on she face be rapidly grow ... vivian ... away ! she try to move back - but the trunk prevent she . vivian MARK - you ! it be almost a scream . we can hear Mark breathe quickly . vivian raise she hand to push something away from she . suddenly the screen be fill with she eye . we see they dilating with terror . there be a sudden crash as the big power switch go out in the roof . the light go out . there be a scream in the darkness . then silence . the darkness acquire a grey , opaque quality as if one be see the world through a curtain - it be the world of Mrs. stephen . a bright light be feel , rather than see , beat against we eyelid . it loom closer and stronger . helen' voice ( o.s. ) and that , darling , be the end of the news ! unless you want the football result ? close shot of Mrs. stephen , a large glass of whisky - and the bottle - beside she . it be night . mrs . stephen no thank you . close shot of helen . ' she 's get the Key of the door ' be overlaid . helen what else can I read you ? mrs . stephen the label on this whisky bottle ! be you sure it say seventy per cent proof ? helen certain . mrs . stephen they be bigger liar than the press ! from helen 's Pov we see she reach for she glass with a steady hand . helen be that you last tonight ? mrs . stephen I doubt it . helen you last but one ? mrs . stephen do not haggle . helen ( produce a coin ) toss I double or nothing ? mrs . stephen done ! helen spin the coin on the table Mrs. stephen listen intently ... the coin stop spin . mrs . stephen head . her finger shoot out and feel the surface of the coin . helen bad luck , darling . mrs . stephen huh . she turn the coin over and carefully feel the other side . helen watch she with a smile - then look thoughtfully at the ceiling . mrs . stephen what be you look at ? helen the ceiling ! mrs . stephen wonder if that young man be home ? helen yes . mrs . stephen well he be ... I hear he come in ... four paragraph ago . from helen 's Pov we see the sightless eye stare at she . mrs . stephen do you like he ? close shot of helen . helen yes , darling . mrs . stephen why ? helen he have a quality ... mrs . stephen ( sip she glass ) wish this have . helen ... and I think he could help I . mrs . stephen with you photograph ? helen yes ... close shot of Mrs. stephen . mrs . stephen helen ... helen yes ? Mrs. stephen hesitates - which be rare . mrs . stephen ( abruptly ) it do not matter . helen ( quickly ) mummy , what 's worry you ? mrs . stephen the price of whisky . helen what else ? mrs . stephen what else matter ? helen do not you like Mark ? mrs . stephen have not meet he . helen you do not like he ! now why not ? close shot of Mrs. stephen . again she hesitates . mrs . stephen I distrust a man who walk quietly . helen he 's shy ! mrs . stephen his footstep be not ! they be stealthy ... helen now darling . mrs . stephen be you go up to he ? helen May I ? mrs . stephen we both have the key of the door ... mine need oiling - and yours need exercise ... off you go . helen thank you . she kiss she - and glance at the whisky glass . helen remember that you lose the toss . she walk to the door . mrs . stephen helen ... helen yes , darling ? mrs . stephen if you be back in five minute ... I will not even finish this . helen done ! she hurry out . Mrs. stephen instantly refill she glass . close shot of she hand . it have begin to tremble . mark dark -room close shot of Mark 's hand , in the green light of the dark - room . he be busy unload and wind film onto a develop rack . he put the rack of expose film into the tank and start the time clock . close shot of the time clock tick . a knock be hear off . Mark look up . MARK who be it ? helen ( o.s. ) helen ... close shot of Mark . faintly overlaid be ' she 's get the Key of the door ' . he look down at the clock . MARK ( call ) come in , helen ! int . passage - evening helen open the door of Mark 's sit room . we hear Mark call out from the inner room : MARK ( o.s. ) would you ... please ... wait in there ?... develop . helen go in , close the door behind she . int . mark sitting room - evening helen enter . she speak loudly to be hear in the dark - room . helen mother hear you come in - so I guess you would not be in bed ... no reply from the inner room . helen be you sure this be conven ... MARK ( o.s. ) wo not be long ! helen glance at she watch ... then look curiously round the room . close shot of vivian 's recorder , place on a chair . close shot of helen . she pick it up and look at it , curiously , finger the stop . MARK ( o.s. ) hallo . helen turn round . Mark be stand on the threshold of the dark -room . helen hallo , Mark ... he walk towards she ... he stop suddenly . he be stare at the recorder in she hand . helen I hope you do not mind - be it a tape-recorder ? MARK yes . gently he take it from she - as if it be a cup with which she have finish - and replace it on the shelf . close shot of helen . helen I be sure I be be a nuisance ... but , Mark , I very much want to ... her voice trail away . close shot of Mark . he be hold out a small package . MARK happy birthday . helen Mark ! that 's very sweet of you - but really . MARK it be not much ... I do not know anything about ... present for twenty - one ... but I see it this morning ... so ... please . helen ( gently ) thank you ... she take the package , and unwrap it . Inside be a slender brooch helen it 's beautiful ... MARK I like the design ... more milk ? helen more ?... no , thank you , Mark ... and I really appreciate this ... I be go to put it on now . he watch she hold it against she dress . helen there ?... or there ?... MARK the first place ... helen I think so too !... close shot of helen pin it on . close shot of Mark touch he lapel . close shot of helen glance at she watch . close shot of Mark glance at he . he think of the tick clock in the dark -room . helen look up , and see he . helen I be keep you . MARK no ... I promise . helen Mark , I be here for some advice . MARK from I ? please ... he look as if he have just be vote the best cameraman of the year ( unanimously ) - and the two film he direct have both win oscar ( though Don jarvis understand they ) . his delighted astonishment be such that she have to smile . helen ... I work in a public library - in the child 's section ... I be tell you that to postpone admit what always embarrass I ... she take a deep breath . helen in my spare time ... I write . MARK what 's embar ... helen I write storey for child ... but so do Grimm ... han andersen ... Lewis Carroll ... MARK have any publish ? helen some short storey . MARK I would like to read ... helen I learn today ... that my first book ... have be accept ! ... for publication in the spring ... MARK but that 's wonderful ... what 's it about ? helen a magic camera - and what it photograph ... close shot of Mark . MARK whatever make you ... think of that ? helen I will tell you one day - I promise ... MARK well what do it photograph ? helen I will tell you that too - but , Mark ... this be the problem ... the child who read the book will want to see the picture the camera take - but the publisher say they be impossible to photograph , and suggest drawing ... but I do not agree . MARK no - nothing 's impossible . helen be hope you would say that ! there must be photograph - however difficult to take - and I be wonder , Mark - if you would ... MARK oh yes . helen discuss it with I . MARK take they . helen Mark - I can not ask you to do that ... they have cancel he oscar . helen I mean ... the publisher 's might not agree . MARK I would take they ... for you . helen yes but ... the money . MARK there be some thing ... which I photograph ... for nothing . helen I do not mean to offend you . MARK offend ? close shot of Mark . MARK helen ... if you know what it mean ... for something to happen to I ... that I do not have to make happen ... it 's like ... you have give I a twenty - first birthday ... close shot of helen look at he ... MARK what do you camera photograph ? helen Mark - I must go ... I just want to know ... if you would talk it over with I . MARK when please ? helen that 's up to you . MARK helen ... I do not know much about ... dinner out ... but would you come with I ? helen thank you . MARK thank you . helen when ? MARK oh ... helen what 's the matter ? MARK it have better be soon ... helen be you go away ? MARK almost for certain ! ... helen oh ... well you suggest when . MARK be you free ... tomorrow night ? helen yes . MARK I hope I be ! helen I will understand if you be not . MARK I will try to be - I will try my hardest to be . helen thank you for listen ... and for my present . MARK and for mine . they look at each other in silence . helen good night , Mark ... ( turn to the door ) MARK good night ... helen ... he watch she leave , stand very still . offstage , the time clock explode . close shot - the excited clock . Mark 's hand silence it . int . dark - room - GREEN light Mark open the develop tank , lift out the rack of film , drop it into the fix bath . he switch light from green to red . close shot - green to red dark - room lamp . Mark lift the rack of glisten film out of the fix bath and scan the image . close shot - Mark 's face and the tell - tale black and white image . close shot - the film . a pile of trunk . in the darkness we hear a man enquire softly : man' voice look for a trunk ? close shot of a tall man with a severe face . he be stand in front of a familiar pile of trunk mark at ' specially reduced price ' . camera pull back slowly - and we see whom he be address . it be Diane . camera pull further back and we see that we be in a small theatre watch rush ... int . theatre in studio - day camera pan across bade 's disgruntled face ... the Chief cameraman 's bored face ... the script girl 's puzzle face ... to Diane 's expression of rapture as she watch herself on the screen . diane ( o.s. ) I would like to see that one . from Diane 's Pov we watch the screen . we see the tall man ( shop assistant ) reach for a trunk and lay it on the counter . he open it with a flourish . vivian pass across the screen - glance casually at the trunk - and wander off . baden no - no - no - we must get some comedy into this ...! the Assistant director nod . baden we will retake it this morning ... camera linger for a moment on the screen as Diane ( on - screen ) smile at the Assistant . diane ( she pocket a small item ) I will take it . the Assistant bow and close the trunk . we dissolve to the set itself - dissolve to : int . studio - day the Assistant be lean over the counter , listen intently . Diane stand in front of the counter , receive the attention of the make-up man . bade 's voice be overlaid : baden I want some comedy in this scene ... camera pull back the unit be busy prepare for a retake . the studio camera ( and its crew ) be off camera , and we concentrate on bade briefing he artist . he be clutching a script as if afraid that open it might be indecent exposure . baden instead of take the first trunk you see , I want you , darling ... to ask for a blue trunk - and when he bring it to you , to ask for a red one - and when he bring that , to ask for a white one ... ( turn to the Assistant ) and you , Michael ... get the trunk one by one - grow more and more feed up - and we will end on a gag which I will think of in a minute - all right ? diane I do not feel it ! baden do not feel it ! do it ! assistant director ( hastily ) position , everyone ! over Mark 's shoulder - behind the camera - we watch the unit take up position . assistant director anyone see vivian ? baden who ? assistant director the red-headed bystander - viv. baden ( impatiently ) never mind - I be cut she out of this scene ... let 's run it . assistant director ( shouting ) quiet , everyone ! from Mark 's Pov we watch the scene be rehearse . Diane approach the trunk counter and the Assistant smile at she . assistant can I interest you in a trunk ? diane thank you ... ( point ) I would like to see that one ... assistant certainly , madam ... he turn away . she pocket a small item from the counter . he heave a trunk forward . assistant director it 's beautifully fitte - ( he open it ) she take a perfunctory glance - diane I would like to see one in red . assistant certainly , madam . she pocket another item . he turn and wrestle with another trunk ... bring it forward and open it diane ... do you have one in white ? assistant certainly , madam . Mark walk away quietly from the back of the camera Crew . he hurry to the shelf where he keep he cine - camera and a lunch basket . he reach for he camera . Diane 's voice be overlaid . diane ( o.s. ) do you have one in blue ? assistant ( o.s. ) certainly , madam ... Mark turn towards the rehearsal and raise he cine - camera . we see the Assistant try to lift a blue trunk - and half collapse with the weight of it . close shot of bade - beam . the Assistant manage to drag the trunk forward . he lean over it - exhaust - then start to open it . Mark move round until Diane 's face be in the finder . as the lid of the trunk be open we can see only she eye above the rim of the lid ... we hear she scream . close shot of bade - freezing . there be the sound of a body fall to the ground . baden the silly bitch ! she 's faint in the wrong scene ... fade out : in the darkness we hear a telephone ringing ... and then another ... and then another ... then they all merge into one big blast . fade in : camera track quickly towards a door mark publicity department . int . publicity department - day the head of publicity have a receiver to he ear . head of publicity be this a gag ?... a girl in a trunk !... who be she ?... well , which unit ?... the wall be close in ?... what a break for they !... I mean what a heartbreak ! ( he be already speak into another telephone ) call a press conference . ( he turn to the original telephone ) I be on my way down ! ext . london - day a police car . there be two man seat at the back . int . police car - day chief inspector gregg be read a file . a plain-clothes sergeant ( miller ) be seat next to he . the sergeant glance at he Chief apprehensively . sergeant miller Excuse I , Chief . chief inspector mm ? sergeant miller we pass my house when we reach the bypass . would you mind if I drop off for a minute ? chief inspector ( without raise he eye ) to collect you kid 's autograph book ? sergeant miller yes , Chief !... if the nipper hear where I have be ... chief inspector ( turn to the driver ) all right , Dawson - anything to help the sergeant ... ( stare down at the folder ) ... and it 's about time the sergeant help I - we be get nowhere with this . over he shoulder we see what he be look at - it be a photograph of dora in she fur and finery . sergeant what about that man the landlady pass ? chief inspector she could not describe he - except to say that he be carry something that she could not see . sergeant that 's a help . close shot of the Inspector stare at the folder . chief inspector sergeant , I have be on the force thirty odd year ... and I have never see such fear on anyone 's face as on this girl 's ... ( almost to himself ) what be it she see ? sergeant surely , Chief ... a man come at she - with a sharp weapon . chief inspector I be familiar with that kind of terror . this be something new to I ... but what ? the sergeant glance at dora 's photograph . chief inspector ... now take a look at how we find she . he start to turn the page dissolve to : a door with a sign on it : canteen close today . camera track toward it . int . canteen - day Mark be sit by a open window at the far end of the canteen . his cine - camera and lunch basket be by he side . from Mark 's Pov we see that the unit ( with the exception of Diane and bade ) be crowded into the canteen . they have form themselves into small group and be talk in whisper . the Assistant director be stand with he back to the door . a girl call out : girl ( o.s. ) how much longer must we wait in here ? assistant director till the police arrive ... d.j. 's order . Mark glance at a group in the comer . the trunk Assistant be encircle by eager listener . assistant and when she open that trunk ... and I see what be inside ... my dear - I nearly faint with she - ( he run a delicate hand across a delicate forehead ) and do you know what horrify I most ? assistant director d.j. say not to discuss it . assistant any more sauce from d.j. and I shall refuse to sign for seven year ! my dear ... that poor girl 's expression . Mark glance out of the window . from he Pov we see a police car drive across the courtyard . Mark watch with great interest - then reach for he cine - camera . he photograph the police , then put he cine - camera on to the table and sit back ... wait . camera linger for a moment on the fold tripod . dissolve to : int . set - day the set be completely desert . it be light by a single lamp . a solitary trunk stand on the counter , its lid close . we see Don jarvis enter , follow by the two policeman . bade and the publicity man bring up the rear . Don jarvis point towards the trunk department . the Chief Inspector nod , then he and the sergeant approach the counter . carefully the Inspector raise the lid of the trunk - he look inside . close shot of the Inspector - over the top of the lid . his expression be mainly one of surprise . close shot of the sergeant stare into the trunk . he be also surprised - but there be nausea in he face . they look up at almost the same moment ... they eye meet . sergeant ( in a whisper ) Chief , it 's exactly the ... inspector I know ... ( he close the trunk quickly . quietly ) ... do not say anything . ( he face Don jarvis ) well , sir ... we shall probably have to interview everyone at the studio , so we would better plan a campaign that will not interfere too much with you production . jarvis ( warming to he at once ) thank you , Chief Inspector ... if you know what even a single day 's delay could cost . inspector oh , we do sir . ( he eye be on the trunk ) dissolve to : close shot of Mark . int . canteen - day he be look out of the window - he camera at the ready . overlaid be the sound of a door open ... the buzz of conversation die away . we hear Don jarvis ' voice . jarvis ( o.s. ) if I may have you attention , please . a hand tug at Mark 's elbow . he turn round . the clapper Boy look at he waringly . from Mark 's Pov we see Don jarvis stand in the doorway - face a suddenly hushed room . the great man 's hand be fold in front of he - jarvis the police wish to interview each of you individually ... after which you will be at liberty to leave . from d.j. 's Pov we see the upturn face - the light from the window fall upon Mark , listen to he with rapt attention . Mark 's hand be fold in front of he . jarvis there will , of course , be no shoot today ... but work will be resume , as usual , tomorrow ... with , I hope , all of you present . close shot of Don jarvis . jarvis I look to you to give the police you fullest cooperation . ( he turn abruptly and leave ' ) sergeant Miller enter with a smile . sergeant miller well now ... let 's get ourselves organize ... ( take a piece of paper from he pocket ) we do not want to keep you coope up in here , so we have work out a timetable ... we will talk to the artist first , then the technician in this order ... Mark reach for he cine-camera ... dissolve to : a series of brief shot of the unit be interview by the police . ext . studio ground - day the Young extra who speak to vivian in the exterior set point excitedly to the wall where vivian and Mark lay . the Inspector and sergeant carefully examine both side of the wall . the Inspector stoops , pick up something with a pair of tweezers and put it in a envelope . camera pan . a few passer - by look on from a distance . one of they be watch through he cine - camera . dissolve to : int . SMALL office - day the Young extra who share vivian 's dress room be talk to the Chief Inspector and sergeant . extra ... she say she do not want a lift - because she have a call to make locally . chief inspector do she say where ? extra no , sir ... and when I leave , she be still in the dress room . chief inspector I see ... let 's have a look at this dress room , shall we ? extra yes , sir ... int . passage in studio - day the policeman and the extra be walk away from camera down a passage . a few member of other unit pass they by without a glance . one of this ( a girl ) smile into camera . girl hallo , Mark ... MARK ( o.s. ) hallo . the girl walk out of picture . the camera ( and Mark ) track after the policeman . int . entrance to dressing room - day as the Inspector open the door of the dress room , Mark hurry past . he raise he cine - camera and photograph the sergeant . the sergeant turn to close the door . he see Mark . straighten he tie and look as severe as he can . sergeant hey , I do not think you ought to do that ! MARK sorry , sir . he hurry down the passage . inspector ( turn round ) do what ? sergeant make I famous . some chap be give I a screen test the extra 's voice be overlaid - a hint of hysteria in it . extra ( o.s. ) that 's where she sit . Inspector . the Inspector turn away , and the sergeant close the door . dissolve to : int . SMALL office - day the door of the small office open - and the Chief cameraman come out . camera pan - on a bench at the end of the passage Mark , the clapper Boy , and a member of the camera-crew be wait . voice and whoever do it must be ... chief cameraman you be next . the Crew -member hurry into the office , and close the door . the Chief cameraman wander off thoughtfully . Mark and the clapper Boy be leave sit side by side . clapper boy I have be watch you ... MARK oh ? clapper boy have you be filming that policeman ? MARK yes , I have a few quite interesting shot of they - it 's a chance I never expect ! clapper boy a chance for what ? MARK to photograph ... a investigation ... or as much of it as I can . clapper boy what on earth for ? MARK it will complete a documentary I be make . clapper boy documentary ? Mark nod . clapper boy what 's it about ? MARK I would rather not tell you till it 's finish . and it soon will be ... clapper boy but suppose they catch you ? MARK oh they will - they look very efficient . clapper boy do not you mind ? MARK no. clapper boy but they might confiscate you camera . MARK I be afraid they will ! but by then ... I will have finish with it . clapper boy I do not ... the door of the small room open , and the Crew -member come out . crew-member you , Mark ? MARK thanks ... he rise slowly ... the cine - camera be over he shoulder . clapper boy Mark , have not you better leave that with I ? MARK no , John . clapper boy I would look after it . MARK I be sure of that - but I would like to photograph they while they be question I . the clapper Boy look at he in amazement . MARK I do not suppose they will let I . clapper boy Mark , be you potty ? MARK yes , do you think they will notice ? the clapper Boy laugh . clapper boy do not get into any trouble for heaven 's sake '' I want to discuss that film at the everyman ... MARK yes ... I would like that ... he walk slowly towards the door . the clapper Boy take out a copy of sight and sound and start to read it . int . SMALL office - day the Inspector be seat at a desk , read some note . the sergeant be seat by the side of the desk , a pile of papers in front of he . there be a gentle knock on the door . the sergeant glance at a list . sergeant Mark Lewis - focus-puller ... whatever that may be ? the Inspector nod . sergeant come in . he put a tick on the list . there be the sound of a door open . the Inspector look up ... from he Pov we see a young man with a camera over he shoulder advance shyly towards he . inspector Mr. Lewis ? MARK yes , sir ... inspector I be Chief Inspector Gregg and this be sergeant Miller . grab a chair . the sergeant glance up . sergeant ah ! my photographer . MARK I have bring the camera in case you want to take the film away . he hold out he camera . the sergeant glance enquiringly at the Inspector . inspector that 's all right , Mr. Lewis - as long as we do not appear at the odeon next week in place of the cartoon . Mark smile . MARK thank you , sir . inspector well now ; have you anything to tell we ? MARK do not think so , sir . inspector do you know the girl ? MARK yes , sir ... inspector how well ? MARK mainly by sight . inspector when do you see she last ? he pick up a pencil '' tap it idly on the desk . MARK yesterday afternoon - when we break ... inspector speak to she ? MARK call out good night - do not know if she hear ? close shot of Mark 's finger ... tapping on he knee in time to the pencil . inspector what do you do then ? MARK take sqme shot , sir - for a film I be make . inspector oh ... where ? MARK all over the place , sir ... it 's a documentary . inspector anyone with you ? MARK no , sir . just my camera . inspector what time do you arrive home , Mr. Lewis ? MARK about ten ... ten-thirty ... inspector anyone see you ? MARK yes ... the people downstairs . inspector I see . the telephone ring . the sergeant promptly answer it . sergeant sergeant Miller - right , I will tell he ... he replace the receiver , turn to the Inspector . sergeant the doctor 's finish he examin ... the Inspector rise at once . sergeant ... want to see you - inspector right . ( he glance at Mark ) that will be all for the moment , Mr. Lewis - thank you . MARK ( he turn to the door ) thank you , sir ... inspector wait a minute . Mark stand very still . inspector direct I to that set of yours , will you ? I would probably end on location . MARK I will take you there , sir . ( he open the door ) inspector thanks . ( he glance at the sergeant ) carry on with the interview , sergeant . sergeant yes , sir . from the sergeant 's Pov we see Mark turn to go into the passage . the sergeant stare at the camera on he shoulder ... then the door close . the sergeant make a note on a piece of paper . int . passage - day the Inspector and Mark walk side by side along the passage . the clapper Boy come into view - still read sight and sound . the clapper Boy glance up - just in time to see the Inspector and Mark walk side by side to the end of the corridor . clapper boy ( stare after they ) I warn he to be careful ! dissolve to : int . entrance to set - day a constable be stand outside the entrance to the set . from he Pov we see the Inspector and Mark approach . the constable stiffen ... from Mark 's Pov we see the constable barring the entrance . inspector I think I can find my way now ... Mark smile . inspector ... thanks for the escort the Inspector hurry towards the door of the set . the constable open it - and the Inspector go inside . the constable close the door - and stand in front of it . Mark turn away quickly . dissolve to : ext . courtyard - day the carpark be jamme with car - but there be hardly anyone in sight . Mark hurry towards the large slide door of stage E - they be a few foot apart . he look round carefully , then slip inside . int . stage E. - day facing Mark be the darken set of a hotel bedroom . Beyond this be another set - also in darkness - and beyond this yet another . only in the far comer of the studio - in the furthermost set - be there a light burn . voice can faintly be hear come from this set . Mark walk quietly towards a long ladder which lead up to the gantry . carefully - rung by rung - he start to climb the ladder . at the top of the ladder be a gallery . Mark move along the maze of bridge until he be nearly above the policeman . Mark raise he head cautiously - and look down . Far below we can see the Inspector stand next to the Doctor - a tall , silver haire man - who be peer into a open trunk . detective be photograph the set . Mark raise he cine-camera ... its gentle purring seem to echo round the studio . close shot of Mark 's jacket pocket . a row of pencil be stick out . as he lean forward the pencil tilt . through the finder - matte of Mark 's camera we see the Inspector - very far away - peer into the trunk and nodd . a faint echo of conversation be overlaid . doctor ( o.s. ) no doubt at all ... wound be cause by the same instrument ... Mark change lens ( and alter the finder to a 75 mm lens ) . the Doctor 's face - thin and impersonal - appear in the finder over the lid of the trunk . doctor ( o.s. ) ... both woman ... subject to the most violent shock ... inspector ( o.s. ) what sort of shock ? doctor ... still can not determine - but look ! he point to something in the trunk - out of the camera 's eye-line . close shot of Mark . he balance carefully - then raise the camera above he head . as he lean forward , the pencil fall . we see they shoot like small torpedoe into the darkness below . they make three separate landing . close shot of the Inspector . look up . from he Pov we see tier of scaffold deep in shadow ... inspector quiet , everyone . please ... the detective make as much noise to become quiet as the normal occupant of the studio - and then there be complete silence . complete , except for the Doctor 's asthmatic breathe ... and then - so gently that it might almost be in we own mind - we hear a purring sound from the shadow above . the Inspector listen intently . detective I think I hear a putty cat ! there be a burst of laughter - the Inspector frown . inspector I do not want to spoil anyone 's fun , but we do have a maniac on we hand , and if we do not get he quickly there will be a third unsolve murder to report to the commissioner . so let 's hurry thing up , shall we ? detective sorry , Chief ! the ' putty cat ' detective raise he flashlamp towards the trunk counter . in the brilliant flash of light that ensue , we glimpse a shadowy figure move towards a ladder high in the scaffold ... but then we be look for it - no one else be . the flashlight die away . the scene fade with it . close shot of a knitting - needle hold upwards . another knitting - needle scale down it like a fireman descend a ladder . camera pull back int . helen S sitting room - day Mrs. stephen be do she knitting . the inevitable glass stand on the table beside she . helen be seat opposite , read from a newspaper . helen she be appear in Arthur bade 's new film the wall be close in , star Diane Ashley . close shot of Mrs. stephen listen intently . helen a spokesman at the studio say that she performance in the film show such promise , that she role be to have be build up ... all work at the studio cease today as a tribute to she memory ! Mrs. stephen sip from she glass . the Prime Minister to visit athen . mrs . stephen Mark be in film , be not he ? helen yes , darling ... it be reliably ... mrs . stephen I wonder if he know she ? close shot of helen look up . helen I will ask he tonight ... mrs . stephen be he take you out ? helen if he 's free . mrs . stephen that 's very chivalrous of he . where 's he take you ? helen I have no idea - and I do not suppose he have ... mrs . stephen which studio do he work at ? helen I will ask he . mrs . stephen if he 's free . behind she back we see that she finger be cross . helen I will bring he in and introduce you if ... mrs . stephen I feel I know he . helen now how can you ? Mrs. stephen stiffen suddenly . mrs . stephen he 's here . close shot of the window . Mark be stand outside - look in . mrs . stephen why do not we make he a present of the window ? he practically life there ! helen beckon to Mark to come in . we see he nod eagerly - and leave the window . helen how do you know where he be stand ? mrs . stephen the back of my neck tell I ... the part that I talk out of ! helen hurry to the door of the sit room . int . hall - day Mark close the front door behind he . from he Pov we see the door of helen 's sit room open - and she stand on the threshold . helen hallo ... MARK free ? helen yes . MARK good ! so be I ... helen I would like you to come in for a moment - and meet my mother . MARK yes , please ... she hold open the door . he go inside . the screen suddenly grey out into the veile image of Mrs. stephen ' world . we hear helen 's voice . helen ( o.s. ) darling , this be Mark ... Mark , my mother . we hear the sound of footstep shuffle shyly forward - and then Mark 's voice , every intake of breath magnify . MARK ( o.s. ) how do you do ... Mrs. stephen ... we hear the pound of someone 's heart - and then Mrs. stephen ' voice . mrs . stephen ( o.s. ) hallo , Mark . as she voice die away . fade in : int . helen' sitting room close shot of Mark 's hand clasp Mrs. stephen ' . close shot of Mark look at she , fascinate . from Mark 's Pov we see the sightless eye turn towards he . Mrs. stephen ' other hand gently feel the surface of he . mrs . stephen have you be run , young man ? MARK yes ... ( he hesitates ) ... do not want to be late for helen . helen thank you , Mark - you deserve a drink for that ! what would you like ? MARK nothing - thank you ... very much ... Mrs. stephen grunt , and reach for she glass . helen darling , I have leave you supper in the ... mrs . stephen tell I young man ... which studio do you work at ? the screen grey out . we hear Mark 's tiny intake of breath . MARK ( o.s. ) chipperfield Studio . . . mrs . stephen and that poor girl ... where do she work ? someone 's heart be pound fast . helen ( o.s. ) at brookwood . mrs . stephen we be wonder if you know she ? MARK no - no , I do not ... mrs . stephen a pity . I do like first-hand information . we hear Mark 's small attempt at a laugh . mrs . stephen oh , well - I must not keep you gossipe after you have run all the way from - where ? again that little intake of breath . MARK the station . fade out : fade in : Mrs. stephen and Mark be stare at each other as if she have sight and he have not . from helen 's Pov we can see only Mark 's back and she mother 's upturn face . helen darling , may I tell you about you supper ? mrs . stephen no ... go and be tell about yours ! ( she take Mark 's hand ) Goodbye , Mark ... I expect we shall meet again . MARK I hope so - Goodbye ... ( he turn to the door ) close shot of helen kissing she mother and whisper into she ear . helen darling , we forget to toss . Mrs. stephen grunt . helen Supper 's laid out in the kitchen . mrs . stephen if you be not back early , you will find I laid out with it ! helen we will be early ! good night , darling . mrs . stephen good night ... Mark hold the door open for helen and she go into the passage . Mark turn and take a long look at Mrs. stephen . she be in the middle of raise she glass . she stop suddenly , the glass poise mid-air . he go out - close the door . she finish she drink as if it be she last . int . passage - day helen be wait by the door . from she Pov we see Mark come eagerly towards she , he camera over he shoulder . helen Mark ... MARK yes , helen ? helen I want to ask you something rather personal ... he look at she anxiously . helen how long be it since you have go out without that ? MARK without what ? helen you camera ... MARK oh ... close shot of Mark . MARK I ... do not think I know ? helen exactly . I have never see you without it ... but be you go to need it tonight ? he look at she in silence . helen well be you ? and if so ... shall I bring some work with I too ? MARK I be not go to need it tonight ! helen good - then give it to I ! she hold out she hand . he look at she , appal . helen ... it will be quite safe - I will put it away for you . MARK ( in a whisper ) no ! helen then take it upstairs - if you can not trust I with it ... close shot of Mark . MARK I trust you . helen then look ... she open the door of she bedroom - and turn on the light . helen ... let 's put it in here . int . helen' bedroom she cross to a cupboard and unlock it , then turn round . he be stand hesitantly on the threshold . helen come in - and see for yourself . he look slowly round the room , stare for a moment at the bed in the comer , but he will not cross the threshold . he stay outside . helen we will put it in here - and lock it . MARK this ... be my mother 's room . helen be it , Mark ?... again he stare at the bed . helen I be be tactless , be not I ? ... it 's just that ... I think it be grow into a extra limb , and - but you bring it with you if you want to . he take off he camera - and hold it out to she . helen thank you ... she take it from he , put it into the cupboard , and lock it . then offer he the key . MARK you ... helen thank you . close shot of Mark . MARK I feel ... helen yes ? MARK can not describe it ! could only photograph it - she laugh . helen shall I tell you what I feel ? MARK yes . helen famish ! MARK good ! they hurry towards the door . dissolve to : ext . mark house - day they walk down the step of the house . MARK there 's a small place round the corner ... it 's awfully good on Christmas Day . helen be it ? MARK yes ... there be not too many open then . helen no - it sound fun . MARK this way . close shot of Mark and helen walk along by the side of the house . helen I adore new restaurant ... suddenly Mark stand motionless . he be stare at something off camera . especially when - her voice trail away ... she be stare at Mark stare at something . in the shadow , at the mouth of a alley , a young couple be kissing . Mark stand motionless , stare at they . automatically he hand reach for he camera . helen start to speak - then look at he in silence . the man glance round . Mark hurry away and helen stare after he . close shot of Mark . he turn back - wait for helen . from he Pov we see helen come slowly towards he . she look at he searchingly for a long moment . he manage - but only just - to meet she eye . helen where be this restaurant ? MARK round the corner ... mrs . stephen know much about film ? helen come on then ... close shot of Mark . MARK thank you . they walk slowly down the street . dissolve to : close shot of Mrs. stephen . mrs . stephen sorry , young man , helen 's out . camera pull back int . sitting room - evening tony be stand unhappily opposite Mrs. stephen . tony oh ! mrs . stephen with Mark - from upstairs . tony oh ! mrs . stephen you can stay and talk to I - if you like ? tony well I ... mrs . stephen know much about film ? tony well ... mrs . stephen or film studio ? tony no , I ... mrs . stephen where 's chipperfield studios ? tony chipperfield , I suppose ... mrs . stephen there 's a phone book outside ... look up the number , will you ? and see if you can get it . tony certainly ... and then I must go to my room . mrs . stephen grant . she lift she glass , and sit , wait as he cross the room . dissolve to : int . restaurant - night a small and very pleasant restaurant , almost full . helen and Mark have a corner table . they be dining by candlelight , and there be a bottle of wine in the middle of the table . as camera track toward they , helen be laugh . helen I like this place ! and this dinner ! close shot of Mark . he have again win the Academy Award . helen ... thank you , Mark ... MARK be you ready to talk about you book ? helen I be ready to talk about you ... his face fall . helen it will not take a second - and it 's best to have it say . Mark look . helen carry a camera be only one of you habit , be not it , Mark ? he look at she in silence . close shot of helen . helen ... when you stare at that couple , you be like the little boy on that film you show I ... look over the wall at something he should not see . but Mark - you be strong enough now to lift that child off the wall ... be not you ? he hesitates . helen ... be not you ? MARK I will try to be . helen will you , Mark ?... will you really ? MARK yes ... helen lecture finish ... a pause . MARK when you book 's publish - will you go on work in a library ? helen yes , Mark ... in case , one day , a child come in and ask for it ! MARK I will come in . helen I be not popular with my customer ! they ask I for horror comic - and I take they sticky hand and drag they to where there be book ! close shot of helen . helen ... and do you know , Mark , wait for they to come in next time and ask for book ... be as exciting ... as a horror comic ... MARK what do you magic camera photograph ? helen people ... MARK yes ?... helen it 's own by a little boy who be terrify of grown-ups ... but when he look in he magic camera he see grow - up as they be when they be child ... and he be not frighten any longer . close shot of Mark listen , engross . helen ... and one day he give he camera away to a little boy who be even more frighten of grow - up than he be - and do you know what he find ? the little boy opposite she shake he head . helen ... that when he look at grow - up without he camera he can still see they as they be when they be child ! and that mean that he 's grow up himself ... a moment 's pause . she drink she wine - shy , await he reaction . MARK what make you think of this story ? helen you do ! close shot of Mark . helen ... I look out of my window - and see you go off to work carry that camera like a little boy with a satchel ... and a idea come ... so thank you ... MARK I would like to think ... I be responsible ... in some way ... helen now what do I do about the photograph ? MARK take them ! he slam the table so violently that a lady nearby look around ... then reach for he camera . MARK oh ! helen smile . MARK there be not a single face that do not look like a child 's - not a single one - if you catch it at the right moment . he turn around excitedly and see she watch he . MARK it would be a challenge !... unlike anything I have photograph ! helen what have you photograph , Mark ? MARK everything . but nothing I would want child to see . she look at he curiously . MARK but this would belong to they - and they would know if it be not right ... oh , helen ... I would like to find that face for you ... with you ... helen very well ! let 's try ! he laugh excitedly ... she look regretfully at she watch . at once he look at he . MARK you make a promise to you mother - helen ( gently ) yes , Mark ... MARK you would better keep it . helen thank you ... he signal to the head waiter ... and pay he first bill for two . dissolve to : ext . STREET - night they walk along the street very close together , but not quite touch . above they a light be shine on a blind revealing a shadow of a woman undress . Mark glance at the blind - then look away quickly . he stare ahead of he ... and continue to stare ahead of he . suddenly helen tuck she arm through he , and smile up at he ... they walk on in silence . dissolve to : int . hall of mark house - night helen and Mark come in quietly , and close the door . she glance round the dimly light hall . there be no light under any of the door , except one at the end of the passage . helen mother must have go to bed . ( she turn to find he look at she ) Mark , it be a wonderful evening ... MARK that 's what I be go to say ... a wonderful evening ... helen ( gently ) and you make it wonderful ... without you camera . a shadow pass over he face . helen ( gently ) I will get it for you . he stand motionless as she go into she room ... from he Pov we see the half - open door - and the bed in the comer . close shot of Mark force himself to look away . helen reappear on the threshold - the camera in she hand . he look down at it - then slowly stretch out he hand . helen wonder how this see grown-ups ? ( she turn the camera round ) ...me , for instance ... now that I be one . ( she look at herself in the lens ) MARK not you ! ( he take the camera from she ) helen Mark . MARK it never will ... see you ! helen why not ? he hesitates . MARK whatever I photograph - helen yes ? MARK I always - lose ... helen I do not understand . the door at the end of the passage open and tony emerge in he dress - gown , carry a towel . he avoid look at they - go into the bathroom opposite , and slam the door . helen he will wake mother ! there be the sound of run water . helen ... thank you , again , for my evening . ( she be stand very close to he , smile up into he face ) will you go to bed now - and not stop up watch that film ? MARK well ... I have a little work to do ... then I will go to bed ... and think of how to find face for you ... he look down at the face which he have find for himself . she raise she head slowly . MARK ... face which - be face which ... she kiss he very gently on the mouth . the bathroom begin to sound like a small waterfall . helen good night , Mark ... he watch she as she go into the room , and dose the door . a light go on beneath the door . he stand very still for a moment ... then turn the camera round and point the lens towards he lip . then he turn abruptly , and hurry up the stair . the waterfall cascade on . the screen grow dark - and the dark - room grow out of it . int . dark - room - night the big drying drum be turn , feed the dry print into a box . a small motor drive it . close shot of the box . Mark be spool up the film as it come off the drier . once or twice he can not help glance at a image . close up of vivian 's face , in the image . Mark stop the motor and the drum , loosen the end of the film , spool up with a snap , slide the spool off and hurry out with it . Mark hurry to he projector , thread the film and start the projector . he flick it on , as if it be a gramophone , then look eagerly at the 16 mm screen . behind he something move in the shadow reverse shot of Mark . over the shoulder of someone who be stand deep in the shadow we see Mark . his head obscure what he be watch on the screen . he turn round suddenly - from Mark 's Pov we see the processing sink deep in shadow . he start to move towards they , then suddenly stare at the shadow at the back of the room . silence - except for the whirring of the 16 mm projector . close shot of Mark 's hand - switch on the light . Mark turn round ... he be as astonished at what he see as he can be . camera pan in its own good time to the back of the room . Mrs. stephen be stand in the shadow ... a heavy hand rest on a heavy stick ... the sightless eye stare unerringly towards the light switch . mrs . stephen good evening , Mark ... MARK ...how do you ? mrs . stephen the young man bathing himself bring I to you door ... I manage the rest of the adventure alone ... he stand motionless , stare at she stand motionless . above she head a ancient , half - blind camera also stare at she . the only movement in the room be she smile . mrs . stephen this be one room I expect to find lock . MARK I be never allow a key ... , can not get use to they . Mrs. stephen ' sightless eye stare at he . MARK I bring she home early . close shot of she hand - tightening on the heavy stick . mrs . stephen thank you ... MARK be there something you ... mrs . stephen ... a talk . MARK next door would be more ... mrs . stephen I be at home here ... I visit this room every night . MARK visit ? mrs . stephen the blind always live in the room they live under ... Mark nod . mrs . stephen every night you pace for hour above my head ! why ? MARK I have no one to talk to ... in the room I live over ... Mrs. stephen nod . her hand touch the black cloth load bag , lie on the table . mrs . stephen I be tell that you stare too much ... so do i. close shot of she hand - touch the black cloth bag . close shot of Mark - walk slowly towards she . at once she raise the heavy stick - point it towards he . close shot of the stick . it be a shoot stick - with a sharp spike on the end of it , similar to the tripod on Mark 's camera . Mark stare at the stick , fascinate . close shot of Mrs. stephen - explore the inside of the black cloth bag with she free hand . mrs . stephen Cloth ... with something hard inside it ... MARK it 's a change bag ... we put film in it - so that the light will not spoil they ... mrs . stephen how odd - that the light can spoil anything ... the screen grey out . in Mrs. stephen ' own dark - room we hear the hum of Mark 's projector - and the pound of Mark 's heart - and , very faintly , the sound of tony bathing himself . mrs . stephen every night you switch on that film machine . we hear he tiny intake of breath . mrs . stephen what be this film you can not wait to look at ? the sound of he footstep softly approach . like a chair ? MARK ( o.s. ) like a chair ? mrs . stephen ( o.s. ) what be the film you be show now ? very faintly we hear tony sing in he bath . fade in : the sing die away , and the sound return to normal . over Mark 's shoulder we see Mrs. stephen hold she stick in front of she . mrs . stephen why do not you lie to I ? I would never know ... MARK you would know at once - Mrs. stephen smile - then turn she head towards the 16 mm screen . mrs . stephen take I to you cinema . MARK yes . he take she arm gently and guide she towards we . both of they stare at the 16 mm screen ... she lean forward - she face only inch from the screen - the light from the projector flicker on to she . reverse angle shot of Mrs. stephen . slowly she stretch out she hand and touch the screen . mrs . stephen what be I see , Mark ? her head and shoulder blot out most of the screen - but between she outspread finger we catch a glimpse of a girl 's terrify eye . mrs . stephen why do not you answer ? close shot of Mark and Mrs. stephen . MARK ( stare at the screen ) it 's no good - I be afraid it would not be . mrs . stephen what ? MARK the light fail too soon . mrs . stephen ( pause ) they always do . MARK I will have to try again . he hurry to he cine - camera . mrs . stephen I have yet to meet a artist who could judge he own work ... Mark slip a new spool of film into he cine - camera . mrs . stephen what do you think you have spoiled ? MARK a opportunity ... now I must find another . he look at she thoughtfully , then press a light switch . a spotlight fall blindingly on to she eye . he press another switch , and then another , until the whole of she face be shine with light . mrs . stephen why be you put that light on my face ? he walk towards she . she start to back away . the shadow of Mark 's head appear on the 16 mm screen . we see he raise he camera - then pull down the tripod . Black out into the grey darkness of Mrs. stephen ' world . we hear the purring of Mark 's camera - more clearly than we have yet hear it . ( there be the faint rasp of a cog which need oiling . ) the sound of footstep approach ... the purring change direction . mrs . stephen ( o.s. ) Mark ... MARK ( o.s. ) it 's almost over ... the purring be on top of she . there be a sudden thud . fade in : Mrs. stephen be lean against the wall ... she have drop she heavy stick . it lie on the floor a few foot away from she . Mark be kneel in front of she - the tripod firmly on the floor . the cine - camera be point upwards into she face . he peer excitedly into the viewfinder . MARK please let I finish ! it 's for helen ! she edge towards she stick . he hurry forward and pick it up . he look at the spike on the end of it - then carefully give it to she by the handle . she grasp it tightly . mrs . stephen what do you mean ? it 's for helen ? MARK she want to see something I have photograph ! he return excitedly to he camera . mrs . stephen my daughter see enough of my face without photograph ... on Mark 's focus screen we see the fear on she face . her hand tremble as she wipe away the perspiration . MARK ( o.s. ) please ... do not be frighten . mrs . stephen not frighten ! hot ! but it be fear that we be look at . mrs . stephen so put that camera away ... on the focus screen we see she moisten she lip nervously . MARK yes ! he switch off the camera abruptly , and fold up the tripod . he turn away without look at she - and hurry to the door . close shot of Mrs. stephen listen to he movement - puzzle . mrs . stephen in rather a hurry , be not you ? he glance towards she . from he Pov we see the fear in she eye . he look away at once , stare into the darken room . MARK it 's late . from she Pov ( shoot over she shoulder with a large close shot of she ear in the foreground ) we see Mark stand in the doorway - and hear , very clearly , he quick , uneasy breathe . MARK you must be tired ... mrs . stephen you be anxious to get rid of I all of a sudden . we hear he quick intake of breath . mrs . stephen I will not be selfish ... you can take some more picture - if you want to ... MARK no ... thank you . mrs . stephen ( quietly ) why not , Mark ? MARK run out of film . mrs . stephen can not you find some - to please helen ? he glance towards she - then hurry into the next room . mrs . stephen you do not trust yourself to take any more , do you ? int . mark sitting room - night the tapping of she stick be overlaid . Mark hurry to the door and open it - stare into the dimly light passage . over he shoulder we see she tapping she way towards he from the dark -room . mrs . stephen instinct 's a wonderful thing , be not it Mark ? a pity it can not be photograph . over she shoulder we follow the stick towards he . mrs . stephen if I would listen to it year ago , I might have keep my sight . ( she approach the door ) I would not have let a man operate I have no faith in ... so I be listen to it now ... ( she put she face close to he ) it say all this filming be not healthy - and that you need help ... his face be avert ... he eye be close . mrs . stephen ... get it , Mark ... get it quickly ... and until you have get it ... I do not want you and helen to see each ... MARK I will never photograph she ... I promise you that . mrs . stephen I would rather you do not have the chance . he turn towards she - a small boy who suddenly understand what contagious mean ... mrs . stephen I mean it , Mark . and if you do not listen to I ... one of we will move from this house - which would be a pity , because we would never find a cheaper ... MARK you will never have to move ... because of I ... I promise you . mrs . stephen good boy . ( she take he hand ) the stair be the difficult part ... they go into the passage . int . passage - night he guide she gently down the stair . over they shoulder we can see the door of helen 's room . mrs . stephen Far enough , Mark ... he stare at helen 's room - then look quickly away . suddenly she raise she hand - and run they gently over he face ... MARK take my picture ? mrs . stephen yes ... we can see he eye through she outstretch finger . MARK it 's be a long time ... since anyone do ... mrs . stephen Mark ... what 's troubling you ? MARK good night , Mrs. stephen . he turn away abruptly and hurry up the stair . mrs . stephen ... you will have to ! she look towards helen 's room - then turn slowly towards she own . high angle shot of Mrs. stephen open the door of she room - and Mark open the door of he . dissolve to : close shot of a bottle of whisky stand by a bedside . int . mrs . stephen ' bedroom - night she be lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . we hear footstep move overhead . camera pan to the window . it be dark . dissolve to : close shot of the same bottle of whisky - now almost empty . Mrs. stephen ' heavy breathe be overlaid . camera pan to the window . it be daybreak . the footstep be still move about above ; thing be be drag across the floor . dissolve to : close shot of helen in a dress - gown look out of a window . int . helen be room - morning from helen 's Pov we see Mark hurry down the street , he camera over he shoulder . dissolve to : close shot of the Inspector look out of a window . int . don jarvis ' office . morning from he Pov we see Mark hurry along the studio quadrangle , he camera over he shoulder . he be one of a crowd of people scurrying towards they job . camera pull back - Don jarvis be seat at he desk . Arthur bade and the Chief publicity man be seat in front of he . the sergeant stand by the door . jarvis have you any suspicion , Chief Inspector ? inspector it could be any of they ... sergeant that 's the trouble with film people - they be all peculiar ... ( hastily ) ... present company except . he catch a glare from the great man . publicity man speak of peculiar people . the Inspector turn round . publicity man we have a psychiatrist come down today . Dr rosen - inspector I know he . publicity man it 's pure publicity - and I promise he will not do any work . inspector what will he do ? publicity man get himself photograph ... we be tell the press he 's here to help the case - and to see if he can spot the murderer . sergeant and the best of luck ! jarvis do you object . Chief Inspector ? inspector no ... the publicity man sigh with relief . inspector I will be frank . I would welcome anyone 's help ... I do not know how this maniac kill - or why he kill - or who he will kill next , but if he be not catch quickly ... ( he shrug ' ) baden Inspector , have you convinced yourself he 's a member of my unit ? inspector no , sir ... but a few thing seem to point to it ... no one outside you unit admit to know the girl ... there be a trunk all ready for she ... and with the risk he be run , I think he would have to use surroundings he be familiar with ... where be you unit now ? baden wait for I on the set . inspector I would like to watch they at they job , sir . it may tell I more than a hundred interview . baden but , Inspector , the strain on they be already ... jarvis come now , Arthur , if that 's what the Inspector want . inspector I be afraid it be , sir ... now where could I get the best view ? baden ( sulkily ) on the dolly ... the camera ... you can watch everyone and everything from there ... include I ! inspector very well , sir ... I will become a member of you camera crew ... baden ( to Don jarvis ) ... if the union do not object ! dissolve to : int . stage a member of the camera crew place he cine - camera and lunch bag on a shelf . snatch of whisper conversation be overlaid . voice 1 I hear they be make a arrest today . voice 2 hope it 's d.j . it 's about time they catch up with he ! Mark turn round and walk towards the small group of people assemble round the studio camera - dissolve to : close shot of a book entitle the Art of fly fishing . int . car - day through the windscreen we see the entrance to the studio . the driver glance round at he passenger whose face be completely obscure by the book . all we can see be a shock of white hair protrude above driver we be there , Doctor . doctor ( to sergeant on gate ) Dr rosen ! what a pity . he continue read . the car enter the studio . dissolve to : int . stage E. - day the ( studio ) camera be ready for a tracking shot . the set be redress as the hat Department of the store . the Inspector stand on the dolly , look round with interest . the Doctor be sit in a chair watch everything like a excited schoolboy . the sergeant have position himself near the sound crew . bade walk on to the set , he arm round Diane 's shoulder . he be talk to she softly . she keep she eye on the floor ; he lead she to the front of the studio camera . baden try it , darling ... we will all be with you . he pat she arm reassuringly . the Chief cameraman nod to Mark . from the Inspector 's Pov we see Mark pull a tape measure from the front of the camera and hold it to Diane 's forehead . from Mark 's Pov we see the Inspector watch he over the top of the studio camera . a man with a shock of white hair be also watch he ... and the sergeant stare at he from the other side of the set . the tape measure in Mark 's hand remain steady . from the Inspector 's Pov we see Mark replace the tape measure and take up he position on a small stool by the side of the camera . assistant director ( shouting ) quiet , everyone . let 's run it ! the Doctor sneeze violently - and all head turn towards he . doctor terribly sorry . in the nervous laughter that follow , the Assistant cameraman whisper to the Chief cameraman . assistant cameraman that sneezer geezer 's a psychiatrist !... Heard it on the grapevine . close shot of Mark turn round to look at the Doctor - a hint of hope in he face . close shot of the Inspector follow Mark 's glance . assistant director ( shouting ) all right , everyone - let 's run it ... over the Inspector 's shoulder we track towards the rehearsal . we see Mark swing out into space on he stool , turn the handle of the focus-puller . Diane approach the hat counter . the Assistant smile at she . diane I would like to see ... that one ... the Assistant hand she a hat . Diane try it on . diane ... have you it ... in red ...? assistant certainly , madam . diane ... in ... red ( suddenly she cover she face in she hand ' ) I can not ! I can not , Arthur ! she burst into tear and run off the set . from the Inspector 's Pov we see bade whisper to the Assistant director - then hurry after Diane . assistant director ten minute break , everyone ! the unit dissolves into small , chatter group . the Assistant director hurry up to the Doctor . assistant director can you suggest anything , Doctor ? doctor no . it look jolly interesting to I . assistant director I mean to help she psychologically ... doctor yes . give the girl a proper rest ... ten minute be useless ! assistant director ( hastily ) thank you , Doctor . he bustles off and the Doctor be leave alone . he glance round thoughtfully . from the Doctor 's Pov we see the small , chatter group . then we see Mark stand a few yard away , watch he . the Doctor smile at he pleasantly . doctor what 's you job ? MARK I be a focus-puller ... doctor oh ... so be I , in a way . MARK I be wonder if you know my father - Professor Lewis ... doctor Professor ... but of course I know he . he lecture to I . he look at Mark with renew interest . so do the Inspector . from he Pov we see Mark and the Doctor talk . the Doctor be fidget with he watch chain . Mark fidget with he jacket button . the Inspector then glance towards the hat salesman , who be hold court in the comer . we return to Mark and the Doctor . doctor he be a extraordinary man - quite brilliant ! MARK you know what he be interested in before he die ? doctor no ? tell I ... Mark put he hand behind he back . MARK I do not remember what he call it ... it be something to do with what cause people to be ... peeping tom ... doctor scoptophilia !... that would interest he ! a most fertile mind . MARK scopto ...? doctor philia ... the morbid urge to gaze ... coin since he day ... have you any manuscript of he which I could ...? MARK he think ... it could be cure ... doctor usually . now about he manuscript - MARK quickly ? doctor the cure ? very quick ... a couple of year analysis - three time a week - a hour a time - and it 's soon up - roote ... close shot of Mark - he last hope go . doctor ... if you have any of he papers on the subject ? MARK yes , Doctor ... doctor I would like to see they - I will give you my address , young man . from the sergeant 's Pov we see the Doctor hand Mark a card , and pat he jovially on the shoulder . the sergeant edge up to the Inspector . sergeant wonder what all that 's about ? inspector we will find out afterwards ... now , listen ... I want you to watch who bring they own lunch ... someone eat homemade cake and sandwich by the side of that bush - and we may get a lead . sergeant right , sir . camera pan to a shelf in the comer . a lunch basket stand next to a cine-camera . dissolve to : we hear the Assistant director call out : assistant director we be stop at four today - so have a quick lunch , everyone ! back at two sharp ! fade in on the lunch basket . overlaid be the noise of the unit disperse . Mark pick up he camera - then reach for the lunch basket . a urgent voice whisper behind he . voice hey , Mark ! he turn round . the clapper Boy be stand there . the clapper Boy glance round carefully . the Inspector and sergeant be wander casually towards the door . clapper boy can not wait to show you this ! ( bring out a small postcard ) I ought to charge you ! he wink at Mark , give he the postcard . close shot of the postcard . we see milly 's face and naked shoulder frame between Mark 's hand . clapper boy ( o.s. ) you do not get that in sight and sound - be not she terrific ? get some more - if you be interested ? Mark hand it back . MARK you have give I ... a idea ... clapper boy I will bet I have ! Mark turn towards the exit . clapper boy hey ! where be you go ? MARK phone - may be my last chance - and ... thanks . clapper boy but you lunch ? MARK you have it ! he hurry excitedly towards the exit ... close shot of the clapper Boy stare at he photograph . clapper boy ... some photograph ! well light too ! he reach for the lunch basket , then walk towards the exit where the sergeant be wait casually . CUT to : int . camera room Mark be talk at a coin- box telephone . MARK can not manage Saturday , sir , but they be let we off early today ! this afternoon - after work - may be my last chance ! while Mark be talk he be scribbling on a form . he have some more penny ready for the coin-box . cross CUT to : int . newsagent's shop - day mr. peter ... be here at six o'clock . milly will be wait . MARK six o'clock ... mr. peter on the dot , Mark , or she will go . MARK I will be there , sir . mr. peter you would better be ! int . camera room Mark ring off . he be smile . he put in another 4d ( four pence ) and dial a number . his pen be poise over the form he be fill in . MARK hallo ? be that the Public Library ? ... you have a miss helen stephen employ there ? yes ... can you tell I if she name be spelt with a V or a ph , I want to send she a tic -ph ? ... thank you . we see the form be a last will and testament . I , Mark Lewis , etc. , etc. , leave , etc. , etc. , to miss helen ste - en all my worldly goods , etc . he fill in ph . int . camera room the door burst open and the clapper Boy appear . clapper boy they be wait ! CUT to : the set - day close shot of Dr. rosen smile . doctor rosen he ask if I know he father ... which I do ... a brilliant man ! ext . ground of studio - day the Inspector and Doctor be stand by the bush where Mark and vivian meet . inspector be that all he want ? doctor think so ... we have a little chat about scoptophilia - and he 's go to show I ... inspector about what ? doctor voyeurism . inspector eh ? doctor what make people into peep tom , one of he father 's subject , apparently . inspector ( slowly ) peep tom ... doctor a interesting boy ... he have he father 's eye ... you do not suspect he , do you ? inspector I suspect them all - what about you ? doctor I be interested in that chap with the bald head and hatchet face ... there 's something on he mind ! inspector no wonder ... he 's the director ! he turn away thoughtfully . dissolve to : close shot of Mark glance impatiently at he watch . int . studio - day close shot of bade glance at he watch ... he whisper to the Assistant director . assistant director all right , everyone . this be the last shot ... make it a good one ! camera pan to a comer of the studio . the Inspector and sergeant stand in the shadow . inspector ( quietly ) get you list , sergeant ? sergeant ( he produce if ) yes , sir . inspector I want to see how some of they spend they spare time ... sergeant which one , sir ? inspector exactly , sergeant ... ( he look round thoughtfully ) ... which one ? dissolve to : close shot of sign : public library . ext . public library - day long shot of very modern , glass - wall building . helen come out with a manuscript in a parcel under she arm . ext . public library - day Mark watch she . Beyond he stand a insignificant - look man in a raincoat . ext . library helen look at she watch . ext . library Mark look at he . insert : 5.45 . ext . library helen hurry homeward . ext . library Mark slowly turn he back and walk away , gradually gather speed . the man in the raincoat follow he . ext . newsagent's shop . late afternoon Mark hurry towards the shop ... ahead of he a street clock stand at just on six . Mark unsling he cine - camera and photograph this clock ... then he hurry into the shop . the man in the raincoat walk into camera . he look at the clock , puzzle , then glance at the newsagent 's window . he gaze with interest at Mark 's photograph of milly , then walk thoughtfully down the street . all the clock in the kingdom chime the hour of six . int . newsagent's shop - late afternoon Mr. Peters be behind the counter . mr. peter do not make a habit of this ! MARK I will not , sir . mr. peter milly 's upstairs . MARK right , sir . he turn to the door . mr. peter I have get to go out ... if you finish before I be back , lock up and put this through the letter- box ... ( he hold out a key ) close shot of Mark stare at the key . mr. peter what 's the matter ? have not you ever see a key before ? Mark take the key . he start to smile . mr. peter the till will be empty - if that 's what you be smile about . Mark turn to the door . mr. peter you know what I want now ! no fancy stuff ... Mark go into the inner room ; he be still smile . dissolve to : ext . newsagent's shop - late afternoon from the opposite side of the street , we see Mr. Peters lock the door of the shop , and hurry down the road . the man in the raincoat watch he , puzzle . close shot of milly - very angry , in a dress - gown . milly you have spoiled my whole evening , you have ! int . newsagent's studio - late afternoon Mark close the door behind he . MARK sorry , milly . milly what 's the idea ? MARK I sha not be here tomorrow . ( he hurry to the window ) milly why ? go on manoeuvre with the boy scout ? he start to draw the curtain - and stop suddenly . over he shoulder we see the man in the raincoat stand on the opposite side of the street . MARK I think so ! Mark raise he cine - camera and carefully photograph the detective through a chink in the curtain . milly have you go absolutely ... MARK I be just ... complete a documentary . milly you be a document and a half , you be . be it safe to be alone with you ? he draw the curtain - and turn round . milly ... might be more fun if it be not ... he turn round and walk slowly - and a little sadly - towards she black out : the screen remain dark for a moment . fade to : a hour later - early evening from the detective 's Pov , we see the chink of light between the curtain of a window above the newsagent 's shop go out . camera track toward the door of the shop . Mark come out , he cine - camera over he shoulder . he have a key in he hand . he close the door of the shop ... then look at the key . he fit it into the lock - then slip it through the letter - box . he turn and hail a taxi . close shot of the detective . he look at the shop , hesitates , decide to follow Mark - hail another cab . ext .street Mark get into he taxi . as the driver pull down the flag ... CUT to : Mrs. stephen ' head fall on to she chest . int . mrs . stephen ' bedroom - early evening she be lie in bed - completely drunk - snore lustily . a hand smooth she forehead . camera pull back helen be lean over the bed . she have she coat on . helen darling ... she shake she mother 's shoulder . Mrs. stephen snore on . helen darling . she shake she again '' but it be hopeless . helen pull the bedclothes round she mother , then turn away . she pick up a large envelope and she handbag , and hurry to the door . int . passage . mark house - early evening helen walk towards the stair . the door of tony 's room open , and he poke he head round . tony hallo . helen hallo , tony ... tony where be you go ? helen to leave something for Mark ... tony you have not much time for I this day . helen tony ... tony it 's all right - I will be here - if you want I . ( he turn to he room ) ... by the way ... you mother be yell out something before you come in ... about Mark photograph she . helen photograph mother ? you must be mistaken ! tony of course . see you sometime . he go into he room , close the door . she stare after he for a moment , then hurry up the stair . int . passage by mark room - day helen knock on the door . helen Mark ...? no answer . she knock again , then open the door and go inside . int . mark sitting room - early evening helen enter and glance towards the door of the dark -room . helen Mark ? no answer . she look thoughtfully at the envelope in she hand - then go in to the dark - room . int . mark dark -room helen fumble for a switch ... she find one and press it . a spotlight fall on Mark 's projector , throw its shadow on to the dazzle white screen . helen smile , and walk towards the projector . ext . house - day taxi arrive and Mark get out . int . police phone booth - early evening detective ... do not know what to make of it , sir ... he go to a library , a solicitor 's office , and a newsagent 's shop - private photography there , if you ask I . shall I hang around outside the house , sir ? do not think so , either ... all right , sir , I will give you the detail when I get back ... bye , sir . ( he replace the receiver ) close shot of helen . she be stand by the projector , hold she envelope thoughtfully . int . mark dark -room she smile suddenly and open she envelope . she take out a bound manuscript . we see a label on the manuscript : the Magic camera by helen stephen . she take a pencil from she pocket , and open the manuscript . then she sit at Mark 's table and write a note on the flyleaf . the projector be at she elbow . dissolve to : a telephone by a man 's elbow . it ring . int . scotland yard - evening the Chief Inspector snatch up the telephone . chief inspector Chief Inspector Gregg ! what ? put he on the line ... cross CUT to : Mr. Peters - look very sick - on the telephone . mr. peter go up to look around - find she . close shot of the Chief Inspector . chief inspector yes , yes ... what 's the address ? ... newsagent 's shop ? ... do you say news ...? he slam down the receiver , and jump to he foot . dissolve to : ext . road - evening a empty taxi cruise down the street . it pass the detective in the raincoat walk away from Mark 's house . dissolve to : close shot of a note on a flyleaf which read ' from one Magic camera - which need the help of another ' . int . mark dark - room - night helen close the manuscript and lay it carefully by the side of the projector . she turn to leave - then look curiously at the projector . close shot of helen - hesitate . like a small girl in front of she mother 's make - up box , she touch the projector tentatively , hesitates again , then press a switch . a beam of light shoot out . we watch helen 's face as she look at the screen . nothing seem wrong for a few second - then something start to happen to the comer of she mouth ... and then she eye become lock ... and can not stop watch . some kind of sound come from the back of she throat . her hand dig into the table and she try to stand up . she can not manage it the first time - and keep on watch , then , like a child waking from a nightmare , she jerk herself away from the table , and stumble towards the door . close shot of Mark stand there - watch she . close shot of helen stare at he ... again we hear that sound from the back of she throat . he look away from she at once . MARK do not let I see you ... frighten ... ( he push the door wide open ... ) leave ! ( he look at she - then look quickly away ) hurry , helen ! helen not ... MARK leave ! helen not ... ( she turn away from he and force the word out ) ... till I know ... MARK now ! she stand with she back to he . from reverse angle we see she struggle for breath . over she shoulder we see he stare at the 16 mm screen . helen that film ... over she shoulder we see he hurry towards the projector . helen that film ... the sound of he switch it off . helen ... be ... just a film ... she wheel round towards he . helen ... be not it ? from reverse angle we see she look at he . helen ... horrible ... horrible ... but ... just a film ... be not it ? close shot of Mark . MARK no ... ( he walk towards the door ) I kill they ... ( he lock the door with a hint of sadness ) and now that you know ... I want you with I ... a while . close shot of helen '' not enough breath to scream ... hardly enough to breathe . MARK you will be safe - as long as I can not see you frighten - so stand in the shadow , helen ... please ... she stand motionless . MARK ... please ... from she Pov we see he stand in front of the door , look ahead of he . she back slowly away into the shadow at the back of the room . helen she 's right ... you mother ... must tell someone everything ... sorry ... have to be you ! close shot of helen stand in the shadow where she mother stand . helen this be he laboratory ... and you know some of what he do ... but not all . the room be suddenly fill with the terrify scream of a small boy . helen wheel round . the scream seem to be come from the wall . Mark 's hand be on a switch - one of a number on a panel . MARK ... age five ... he press another switch . there be a click , and the scream stop , to be replace by a low sobbing . MARK ... age seven ... he press another switch . there be a moment 's silence . MARK all the room be wire for sound ... and ... still be . we suddenly hear the tick of a clock . MARK you room . close shot of helen - listen . MARK you mother 's . the click of a switch - and we hear a loud snore . MARK tony 's . the click of a switch - and we hear tony 's voice . tony ( o.s. ) no one will come in ... honestly , darling ... girl voice ( o.s. ) I do not care ! tony but darling ... girl voice ( o.s. ) stop it , tony ! Mark listen with interest . helen ( quietly ) turn it off ! he do so - at once . she walk towards he . he turn away from she . helen look at I , Mark ! MARK not if you be frighten ... helen look at I ! slowly he face she . helen what do you do ... to that girl ? MARK no. helen what do you do , Mark ...? he try to turn away - but she follow he . helen if you want to torment I ... for the rest of my life ... then make I imagine ! close shot of Mark - he eye close . helen what do you do ... to that girl ? MARK can not ... helen show I , Mark ... MARK but if you be frighten ... helen show I - or I will remain frighten ... for the rest of my life . show I ! he turn to he cine - camera , and pick it up . he release the tripod . camera hold on helen . she stand very still against the wall . Mark 's voice be overlaid . MARK ( o.s. ) do you know ... what the most frightening thing in the world be ?... she be look at something , puzzle . MARK it 's fear . the sound of he footstep approach ... MARK so I do something ... very simple ... we see a look of fear spring into she eye . MARK very simple . we see the spike approach she throat ... but she be look at something else . MARK when they feel the spike ... touch they throat ... and know I be go to kill they ... the spike be touch she throat . MARK ... I make they - watch they own death ! close shot of helen 's face several time its natural size . she be look at herself in a large circular magnify mirror which have be fitte over the camera 's face . the mirror entirely obscure both Mark and the camera . there be a small hole in the mirror through which the lens of the camera wink . as helen look at she terrify distort face this small hole give she a extra eye in the middle of she forehead . MARK make they see they own terror as the spike go in ... and if death have a face , they see that too ! close shot of Mark - crouching behind the mirror , sweat pour down he forehead ... he finger on the trigger of the camera . MARK not you ! not you ! I will never photograph you ! I promise - I promise - not you ! helen 's eye be close . the spike be still touch she throat . close shot of Mark '' he face turn away from the viewfinder . helen ... frighten ... for you ... there 's the sound of a car pull up . he hurry to the other room . ext . house - night the Police arrive : three car . Mark appear at a upstairs window with he camera . sergeant look out ! he think Mark have a gun . they all duck . Mark raise he camera and photograph they . the Police recover and charge for the house . Mark disappear . int . dark - room - night Mark hurry back into the room carry he camera . he know exactly what he have to do . helen Mark ! Mark ! give yourself up ! MARK I have be ready for this ... for such a long time ... rapidly he fix he camera on to a hook on the wall . then he adjust the tripod so that the spike protrude towards he ... helen what be you ... MARK it will be all right . he make chalk mark on the floor in front of the camera , then switch on all the floodlight . we can hear the policeman pound on the door . MARK I can beat that ! he cross to a switch - press it . the room be fill with a small boy 's scream . helen give yourself up ... Mark ! he stand next to she , and look at he long array of camera . we see that each one of they have be fitte with a small metal disc ( a delay release ) , and that some of the older camera have flashlight attach . MARK watch they , helen ... watch they say goodbye - one by one - ( he press a master switch on the wait ) I have time this ... so often ... slowly he walk past he camera . as he do , the metallic disc on each one explode with a little plop - and the eye of each camera wink once as if in salute . some go off with flashlight on either side of the room . the sound of footstep hurry up the stair . ahead of Mark - come steadily closer '' be the spike of the tripod . the mirror on the cine - camera reflect the approach - and helen 's terrify face . helen no - no ! the child 's scream reach its peak as Mark approach the spike ... ahead of he , on the small table where he projector stand , be helen 's book the Magic camera . MARK I wish ... I could have find you face for you ... the policeman be now rattling on the dark - room door . MARK helen - I be afraid ! we see he face , terrify , in the magnify mirror . the spike be against he throat . the eye of the camera be winking rapidly . MARK I be glad I be afraid ! heavy shoulder be press against the dark - room door ... as it break in , Mark lunge forward against the spike . the cine - camera be wrench away from the wall as he fall back . he crash against the small table , which fall over . he be not parte from he camera - it be fix to he by the tripod , and fall back with he , cover he face like a canopy . we see he face in the lens of the cine - camera . and we see he hand - lie limp on the cover of the Magic camera . the policeman hurry into the room . they stare motionless at what they see . close shot of helen - she face bury in she hand . the child 's scream stop suddenly ... and in the absolute silence which follow we hear the voice of Mark 's father : father' voice ( o.s. ) do not be a silly boy ... there 's nothing to be afraid of ... and a small voice answer . child voice ( o.s. ) good night , daddy ... the spotlight begin to dim ... the dazzle white of the 16 mm screen fade slowly into greyness ... the room be fill with the gentle breathe of a small child . fade out : the end