peggy sue got married a original screenplay by Jerry leichtle and arlene sarner rehearsal draft - this change be August 14 , 1985 over black , we hear the sound of a old tape recording . Young voice be filter amid a noticeable hum , hiss and crackle . we hear giggle and then someone name Charlie make vow of love to someone name Peggy Sue . charlie ( 0.s ) . hi this be Charlie and ... come on , say you name . peggy ( o.s. ) Peggy Sue . charlie ( o.s. ) and we be here on the couch ... peggy ( 0.s. ) do not say that ... ext . peggy's neighborhood '' day a split—level house on a slight grade of lawn . a red Honda the driveway . charlie ( o.s. ) we be here on the sofa bed ... peggy ( 0.s. ) Charlie ... charlie ( o.s. ) ...to record how much we love each other . sitting beside I be the cutest majorette in the history of the world . and she would like to say something . a real estate agent , a woman , carry a " for sale " sign to the center of the lawn and begin drive it in with a hammer . charlie ( o.s. ) come on Peggy . say what we rehearse . peggy ( o.s. ) I can not . I be too embarrassed . int . bodell house moving view , revealing the empty house . we hear the recording louder . charlie ( o.s. ) but you love I do not you ? peggy ( 0.s. ) yeah . come on Charlie , turn it off . charlie ( o.s. ) and nothing will ever change that . Charlie start giggle . we hear fumble and tickle . close view into the kitchen - first we see a woman 's hand , on the floor . it be partially cover with flour . moving view reveal peggy bodell , in she early 40' , faint from heartbreak while baking a cake . flour be scattered on the floor . she recover from she faint . confused , she steady herself and brushes the flour from she dress . int . garage -- day Peggy 's son , scott , 16 , be play a old reel to reel tape recorder . there be stack of box fill with personal thing and record . his sister , beth , 23 , be pack . scott Boy , have they change . who get it ? beth I do not know , just put it back . charlie ( o.s. ) oh , gotta go . here 's a little make—out music . a record start : " you belong to I " by the dupree . int . charlie' apartment charlie bodell , early 40' , sing the same song . he can not hit a high note , turn off the water and step out of the shower . janet , he young , buxom girlfriend be in the bedroom . charlie goddamnit , I just can not hit that high note anymore . janet you know Charlie , if you be serious about this , I know a great vocal coach . Charlie 's perplex reaction . ext . bodell house - day " crazy Charlie 's Discount appliance " truck have park in front of the house . workmen be load box of record , tape , etc . Charlie pull up , wave to workmen . int . kitchen / hallway Peggy be load the oddushape cake into box . we note the grandfather clock toll nine . view in hallway Beth meet she father at the door . beth hi dad , can I have 100 dollar for a brake job ? charlie do I hear 70 dollar ? what do you need 50 dollar for ? how 's you Mom ? Peggy come out of the kitchen . Charlie have stop conspicuously at the threshold . a workman come from behind Peggy . worker come through . charlie Frank , watch the clock . Peggy look outside . ext . house '' peggy's Pov Janet be seat in Charlie 's car . int . house peggy there 's something pathetic park in front of my house . charlie come off it , Peggy . and what do you mean you house ? this be my house . I pay for it , I be still pay for it . peggy I be still wait for the mortgage check . charlie I mail it to you on Wednesday . peggy well , today 's Saturday and it 's still not here . charlie Jesus , Peggy . take it easy . I be not use to that stuff . you always do the bill . blame the damn post office . a workman approach carry a old mono record player : black and white , a real fifty artifact . for a moment they mutual resentment melt , as they look at each other . peggy that stay . the workman look to Charlie for approval . Charlie nod . the workman shrug , and head back to the basement . charlie you get a tab ? peggy I do not buy they anymore . you be the only one who drank they . int . rec room Peggy lead the way . at the far end , she flip a light switch that turn on a wall sculpture of lava lamp . charlie you do not want they ? they be go to make a big comeback any minute . Mark my word , this lamp be go to ... peggy I know . put Scott through college . charlie I will think of a way to sell , they . ( beat ) one day . Peggy open a box fill with record . she close it and move to another . Charlie check the content of another box on the other side of the room . peggy be you take Janet to the reunion tonight ? charlie I be not go . Scott call from the top of the stair . scott come on dad ! charlie be right there . I will go through the rest of this stuff next weekend . scott bye Mom . peggy bye sweetheart . Peggy and Charlie look at each other as Scott leave . charlie ( with real , regret ) I never think it would go this far . Charlie exit . Peggy look around . she slap the flap of a box down , to close it , but it jump back up . dissolve : ext . peggy's driveway Peggy and Beth carry the cake box into the car a neighbor trimming the hedge watch they lasciviously . Peggy and Beth drive off . ext . STREET Peggy 's car round a corner into the business section of town . ext . lovin ' oven bake shop Peggy pull up to the front door of the lovin ' oven , she bake shop . bag of bread and roll lean against the door . Beth jump out and open the door of the shop . Peggy stack the box in Beth 's arm and open the door for she . peggy if the pastry be not here by nine thirty , call monica and threaten she life . Peggy get into the car , and blow a kiss to Beth . peggy I will be back by noon . Peggy drive off as monica drive up . she exit she car and begin to unpack cake box . beth hi monica . you just miss Mom . monica sorry I be late . my bobo 's back in town . ext . kristin' coiffure hair salon insert : sign : kristin' coiffure Peggy exit with a fifty flip . from a distance she look like a fifty teenager . she nervously look at she reflection . maybe this be a mistake . too late now . int . peggy's car '' drive Peggy be drive . on she car radio , we hear a local phone—in talk show . woman' voice ( v.o. ) hi. I be dolore dodge . we be take call today on surrogate mother . womb for rent . I want to know how you feel .. peggy oh , dolore . Peggy switch station until she find the news . ext . STREET corner Peggy stop for a red light . her eye be catch by a mercede stop next to she . behind the wheel be a strike woman of she age , carol heath . they stare curiously for a beat , then : peggy Carol ! carol Peggy Sue ! they pull over to the side of the road . ext . side of road exiting the car , they hug . carol I have not see you in year . in all that time , have not you at least try another hair style ? Peggy try to laugh off she embarrassment . peggy 1 just do it for the reunion . I think it would be fun . carol you be probably the only one who could carry it off . int . lovin ' oven '' day Peggy and Carol enter as Beth finish up with a customer . Peggy walk behind the counter as the customer exit . beth where be you ? you say you would be back at twelve . peggy this be my old friend Carol .. I tell you about she . Beth and Carol exchange hellos . beth be be worried about you you do not even call . you be always on my case if I do not call .. peggy how do you like my hair ? beth it look great . do not change the subject . you know how busy Saturday be . and I can not do the icing . I always mess up the rose . you be not be very responsible . Peggy take over the work of decorate the large pennant shape cake in silver icing : 25th reunion '' Buchanan High . ' carol who 's the mother around here ? beth sometimes I wonder . int . television studio a television studio set make up of platform cover with black cloth . place around the platform on different level be projection tvs , regular tvs , microwave oven and other expensive , futuristic appliance . Charlie sit at one of they ( or a table ) as a chinese waiter rush in and put a tray of fortune cookie down . waiter here Charlie , extra fortune cookie . good luck . charlie thanks . Charlie grab a cookie and put it on the table in front of he , smash it with he fist . he pick up and read the fortune : charlie ( manic ) next week you will be sell sanyo remote control vcr for three hundred and ninety—nine dollar ? oh no ! ( sing ) crazy Charlie ... he grab and smashes another fortune cookie . charlie you will give away mitsubishi giant screen tvs for twelve hundred and ninety—five dollar ! oh no ! I will go break ! ( sing ) crazy Charlie ... he grab and smashes another cookie . charlie you will not be undersold on stereo , video , microwave or blender ! ( sing ) crazy Charlie , crazy Charlie , I be not break cookie , I be smash price . ( roll he eye like fabian ) crazy Charlie , he insane . the waiter hit a big go . Beth laugh . peggy ( 0.s. ) turn that off . int . peggy's bedroom '' night camera pull back from the tv into Peggy 's bedroom . Beth get up from the bed and turn off the tv . Peggy enter from the adjoin bathroom , wear a robe , and bobby sock with saddle shoe . she pick up a gold locket from the dresser , and put it on . bet when be you go to stop be so mad at dad ? how do you think that make I feel ? peggy I have a lot of unresolved feeling about he . I do not trust he . besides , I hate that commercial . beth I be sorry I ask . we do not have time for another heart—to— heart . here , try on the dress . Peggy try on the fifty dress lie on the bed . peggy but I want you and Scott to understand . ( beat ) do you think he love Janet ? maybe he 's smashed too many fortune cookie . beth come on Mom . give he a break . he 's miss the reunion because of you . you know he want to go . peggy then we would both have a miserable time . what do you think ? she look exactly like a sixty teenager . beth hey , you be a hip chick . you look like you step right out of life magazine . any time you want to borrow it again , just ask . peggy borrow ?! this be my dress . ( beat ) maybe it 's a mistake . what if I be the only one ? I do not even want to go . everybody 's just go to say ... ( imitate commercial ) hi.. where 's crazy Charlie ? beth Mom , lot of people be separate and divorced . peggy not from the guy with the lowest price in town . ext . high school entrance - night couple be walk up the stair into the school . Peggy and Beth be at the bottom of the stair , stare at the banner hang across the entrance .. it read : welcome CLASS of ' 60 . peggy I feel ridiculous . maybe I should go home and change . beth why be you so nervous ? what be the matter with you today ? peggy I do not know . reunion do funny thing to people . at that moment they be join by maddy . ( madeline ) and arthur nagle , come up behind they . a typical polyester couple . hellos all around and hug . Arthur put he arm around Beth and Peggy and lead they up the stair . maddy you two look like that soap commercial . which one 's the daughter and which one 's the mother ? arthur you take this seriously . you be a real blast from the past . peggy it be Beth 's idea . maddy I wish I have the nerve . and the figure . arthur you always be a crazy little gal , peg . peggy Arthur , please do not call I peg . int . school hallway '' night a large table in the lobby hold plastic nametag . a sign read : lady if you can't find tour tag , look under you maiden name . several people be bend over the table look for they tag . a hostess be sit behind the table . Peggy , Beth , maddy and Arthur enter . hellos all around . peggy Beth 's boyfriend be play in the band . maddy it must run in the family . beth what do ? arthur you and you mother both seem to fall for musician . maddy and Arthur laugh . Peggy be not amused . the hostess hand they they name tag and turn to welcome new arrival . as they proceed down the hallway , Peggy sees a distinguished man enter , richard norvik . with he be he pregnant wife sharon . Richard smile at Peggy . she can not place he . Peggy turn back to she group and continue down the hall . the fifty music get louder and louder . int . gym the gym be pack with people dance , chat , greeting lose friend . a bar be set up at one end . on the wall be black and white blowupup of the 1960 yearbook . on a table be a buffet and Peggy ' 's cake . the band be playing and singing old rock and roll song . couple slow dance , jive and stroll . Peggy , Beth , maddy and Arthur enter . Beth leave the group . arthur hey , there 's Terry and Leon . maddy Peggy , would you find a table ? we will see you in a little while . peggy okay . they walk away into the crowd , leave Peggy alone . int . gym near wall cl0se view '' a photo of the majorettes . Peggy be in the middle , twirling she baton . her reverie be interrupt by : richard ( 0.s. ) be you Peggy Sue kelcher ? peggy I be once . Richard !? Richard norvik ? I do not recognize you . richard you look exactly the same . peggy I just do it for tonight . I do not normally dress like this . sharon it 's adorable . richard oh , I be sorry .. Peggy Sue kelcher , my wife Sharon . peggy hello . Nice to meet you . please call I Peggy . I be Peggy bodell now . richard where 's Charlie ? I be in town about a year ago and catch one of he commercial . really make I laugh . peggy he 's not here . we be get divorced . richard gee . I be sorry to hear that . new view '' a large , beefy hand be thrust into frame . man' voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. norvik . camera pull back to include doug snell , a paunchy , overbearing man , shaking Richard 's hand . doug or , uhh , Richard ? David snell , merrill Lynch . I read about the cordex deal in Business week . congratulation . richard thank you , Doug . doug hi Peggy . how be you ? how 's char1ie ? int . gym view on Carol and walter . they play a standoffish game , each notice the other , but pretend not to . we hear and see bit of conversation : sandy ( gleeful ) I can not believe how she let herself go . she be so beautiful in high school . carol everyone 's get a gold rolex . I have this one specially make in platinum . Richard be stand with three man . they hang on he every word . beside they , a very drunk man overhear : richard ... fifth generation core capacity be go to cause another shake—out in the smaller company . drunk man ( to Richard ) you damn computer put I out of business . you be a billionaire , and I be a goddamn failure . another man gently restrain the drunk and lead he away . Richard be shake . new view Carol and Peggy . carol ( chuckle ) welcome to the singles scene . peggy I do not know how you do it . I have never even date anybody but Charlie . carol you just have to remember ... man be like house and trade upwards ... I think you have a pretty good marriage . peggy we do for a long time . we just get marry too young , and end up blame each other for miss out on thing . carol so he start have affair , and you get depressed . Peggy nod . carol ( cont 'd . ) you should have leave here year ago , like I do . peggy it 's not the place . I do not buy that . ( melodramatic ) trapped in the same town forever . the price she would pay for she teenage lust . carol after you get knock up , my mother do not want I to talk to you . she think it be contagious . peggy oh , it 's not so bad . I have two wonderful kid , my own business . ( beat ) still , know what I know now , if I have the chance to do it all over again , I would sure do thing a lot differently . carol would not we all . int . gym office ( adjacent to gym ) dolore dodge be about to interview maddy and Arthur ; she turn on the tape machine and hold up the microphone . dolore madeline hutton and Arthur nagle be high school sweetheart . married right after graduation , they be still together . in this day and age , that 's remarkable ... maddy , Arthur , how do it feel to have miss the sexual revolution ? maddy ( incense ) what kind of question be that ? it have nothing to do with the reunion . arthur ( thoughtfully '' into mike ) I be glad you ask , dolore . four year ago maddy and I find Jesus ... dolore spiritual renewal .. that 's what reunion be all about . familiar face , forget memory , ancient dance step and music ... the great time machine . int . gym camera pan the gym and find : Carol dance with walter getz , slim , handsome , with a big toothy grin . Carol 's old high school boyfriend , he 's now a dentist and a fabulous dancer . they make a great team . couple dance around they react appreciatively . carol I never could keep up with you . walter ( with a quick tap step ) just call I walter the dance dentist . tap and cap . my specialty . int . gym '' another area peggy's table . Peggy sit with Richard , Sharon , and two other couple , terry and lisa and leon and sandy . a hand gently touch Peggy on the shoulder . Peggy turn around and see rosalie testa , a small woman with close cropped hair . she 's in a wheelchair . she wear a plastic badge : reunion committee . rosalie I remember that dress . peggy rosalie testa ! ' hellos ' all , around . Peggy help rosalie position she wheelchair at the table . rosalie I remember when you get that locket , too . you be so excited I think you show it to the whole school . peggy you have a incredible memory . sharon it 's beautiful . do it open ? peggy yes . this be my child . but they be not baby anymore . insert - locket Inside be photo of Beth and Scott as baby . rosalie ( laugh ) I think you get marry when you be three . int . gym office dolore interview walter and Carol . dolore Carol pritchard heath and walter getz be high school steady who go they separate way . after twenty year and four divorce between they , they meet again '' walter a successful dentist , Carol a mature career woman . Carol , why do you really come back for this reunion ? carol curiosity mostly . I hear you finally find a man of you own . too bad he 's marry . walter ( crack up ) whoa ! cat fight ! purse war ! int . gym '' peggy's table there Pov : dolore walk resolutely towards they table . maddy and . Arthur leave the table as dolore approach , put she tape machine on the table . she ignore everyone , focus on Richard . dolore hello everyone . Richard norvik ? I be dolore dodge with karp Radio . could I have a minute of you time ? richard sure . I remember you . int . gym '' series of shot the band be playing and singing the song " good old rock and roll . " Peggy and Sharon walk through the gym look at the photo blowup on the wall . Peggy be stop and hugge by several people . maddy and Arthur be dance . despite the frantic beat , they be slow dance . Seth be hang around the stage , bring a drink to the guitar player . walter be dance with rosalie in she wheelchair . overweight , beard man turn out I love business . every morning I wake up , thank God I be alive , and say who be I gonna screw today ? leon let 's play " rate the moment " . I give tonight a eighty—seven . better than sex , not as good as racquetball . int . gym office dolore have leave . walter lay out line of cocaine on the back of the clipboard , as Carol watch . walter the best thing about be a dentist . pure pharmaceutical grade . a couple of line of this , I can drill my own tooth ... ( look at she for a moment ) hi. carol hi. int . gym '' intercut - series of shot serious man ( to he wife ) Joe would have enjoy this . God , I still miss he . maddy ( to Carol ) Peggy be a mess right after they separate , but I think she 's come out of it ... it seem to be pretty friendly now .. carol sometimes it 's easier when you hate they . greasy drunk creep I can not remember . do I make it with you in high school ? lisa do not it feel like it be yesterday ? terry youth be like a amputate leg . Long after it 's go , you still feel it . same beard man my wife 's a cow , my son have shit for brain , and my daughter 's in India with mother Teresa . woman my husband 's a pig . but my son 's in social work and my daughter , God bless she , be in India with mother Teresa . leon for the fitness generation , we have sure get a lot of porker . sandy I do not remember anything about the seventies . lisa break up be horrible . I say we have a very special attachment , he say , so do a Hoover . leon I do not know why I come back . I hate high school . the group around he all answer " so do I " or " I too . " rosalie I enjoy it . int . gym near wall Peggy ( loose , hold a drink ) and Sharon stand in front of a photo of the 1960 Cross country team . view on photo - off to one side stand michael fitisimmon . his hair be longer , he gaze intense and nonusmile . sharon who 's the one with the hair ? peggy Michael fitzsimmon . I have such a crush on he . Carol and maddy join they , still panting from dance . carol hi , Peggy . God , that walter getz can still dance . peggy you first boyfriend . what do you think ? any spark leave ? carol who know . remember ... ( a beat ) whatever walter want ... carol , peggy and maddy ( laugh ) walter getz . peggy Sharon norvik this be Carol heath , and maddy nagle . my oldest and dearest friend . Sharon 's marry to Richard . carol lucky lady . hi. maddy ( look at the photo ) Michael fitzsimmon ! be he here ? peggy no. I ask rosalie . she could not track he down . carol . too bad . sharon he must have be quite a guy . peggy he be the only one in high school I wish I would go to bed with . carol the only one ? peggy well , besides Charlie , of course . we hold on the photo of Michael and ... dissolve : int . gym '' later the band be playing and singing the song , " just because . " couple axe slow dance . dolore be still interview Richard . Peggy , Sharon and Carol walk back to they table . sharon Peggy , would you please rescue Richard ? ask he to dance . richard be we through dolore ? good . dolore well ... Richard stand and help Sharon to a chair . richard ( to Sharon ) you will be okay ? sharon yes . you go ahead . Peggy and Richard head onto the crowded floor , and begin to dance . richard the only time people like dolore use to pay any attention to I be to laugh at I or insult I . that guy , Doug snell , who shook my hand when we walk in , he use to call I a fouruey worm . peggy well , you show they . you be rich and famous and successful . and you have a beautiful wife . richard you be always friendly to I . I appreciate that . ( beat ) you know , this use to be a fantasy of mine . peggy what be ? richard Dancing with you . peggy you be a sweet man , Richard . richard I guess part of we never really leave high school . peggy you know , I never tell anybody this , but I always have a feel that when you die , before you go to heaven , you get a chance to fly around high school for a while . camera pull back slowly as Peggy and Richard become part of the sea of dancer , all lose in nostalgic reverie . by door Charlie enter and stand by the door . he 's tentative , look around for he friend . almost immediately he be join by Arthur , walter , Terry and Leon . they shake hand , glad to see each other . terry here come the life of the party . leon . I know you could not stay away . everyone 's happy to see Charlie . his eye meet Peggy 's he give she a tentative , sheepish wave . Terry look at the band . terry you know , they could have at least ask we to sing . we would refuse , of course , but they could have ask we . close on peggy look at Charlie . by stage Arthur walk onstage , place a hatbox on the amplifier . he 's a chamber—of '' commerce type . arthur ( into microphone ) hello . can I have you attention , please . the buzz in the room dim , Peggy and Richard head back to they table . arthur I know it 's get kind of late , and some of you have a long drive home , so the reunion committee decide it be time for the moment you have all be wait for . you do not know what you have be wait for because we do not tell you , but the committee have select a King and Queen . now do not worry , I take care of it so the band 's gonna keep play for at least another hour , and my old pal judge Crystal say that the bar can stay open as long as we want . everyone applaud . view on peggy and charlie at opposite end of the reunion , but aware of each other . arthur ( cont 'd . ) and while you be at it , let 's have a nice big hand for the Little Lady that do such a great job supervise all the decoration , rosalie testa . more applause . view on rosalie in she wheelchair . arthur now back to business . the member of the committee have give this a lot of think and decide on the two people who best represent the spirit of Buchanan High 's class of ' 60 . the king be someone who , in more way than one , have come a long , long way since he leave here . angle - peggy's table they all look to Richard , know he 's the obvious choice . arthur we be proud to welcome he back , Richard norvik ! come on up here , King Richard ! the band plays a fanfare and drum roll . Richard get up , and walk to the stage as everyone applaud . the band plays a chorus of " get a job . " view on walter walter ( kid ) I demand a recount . ( laugh ) view on stage Arthur place the gold cardboard crown on Richard 's head as they shake hand . richard Sharon and I thank you all for make we feel so welcome . it 's good to be back . more applause as Richard step back . arthur every king deserve a queen . now , we have a lot at worthwhile candidate . and I do not want any of you lady to feel leave out , ' cause you be all beautiful . but when we send out the invitation , we do not mention anything about this be a costume party . Peggy 's embarrassed reaction , realize everyone 's look at she . arthur maybe we should have , ' cause just look at she bring it all back for we . lady and gentleman , I give you we queen , Peggy Sue kelcher bodell . come on up here , Peggy Sue . the band begin the song peggy sue . Peggy look pain . she do not move . carol they be wait . come on . peggy ( close to tear ) I can not . it 's all too much . carol go on . you can do it . Charlie and Beth stand together : Beth be worried about Peggy . camera track Peggy as she haltingly make she way to the stage . as she do , she notice another blow - up on the wall : Peggy and Charlie , as King and Queen of the 1960 prom . Arthur give the crown to Richard who place it on Peggy 's head . he kiss she cheek and stand back , beam . peggy ( into mike , overwhelm ) thank you .. thank you very much . the light dim , leave Peggy in the spotlight . continue applause as the singer step up to he mike and begin to sing the song peggy sue . peggy on stage '' intercut with her Pov people start to clap and sing along . Carol and Carol 's Pov : a blow—up on the wall of Carol in the senior play . walter and . walter 's Pov : a photo of walter on the basketball team . people leave they table , surging towards the stage , draw by the music . maddy and maddy 's Pov : a photo of maddy and friend mugging for the camera in the cafeteria . Charlie talk to Carol . Peggy begin to cry softly . the image begin to melt together , pulsing to the music . Peggy be the focus of everyone 's nostalgia . a wave of time wash over they . she remain onstage , look past the crowd to the photo of she and Charlie . Peggy onstage , eye close , sway to the music . walter and Carol join hand , walk towards the stage . rosalie in she wheelchair , do the hand jive , cry . the entire crowd sway to the music , look to Peggy , repeat the chorus over and over . Beth notice she mother 's state of emotion . Peggy collapse onstage . we hear shout and scream . Richard , Arthur and several other crowd over Peggy . Beth rush to the stage , reach out to she mother . Charlie too . music stop . int . gym - ecu a thin tube filled with blood inserted into peggy's arm - day camera pull back to include Peggy lie on a cot . she wear the same dress she have on at the reunion . she 's terrify . we near a smatter of background noise : name be call , nurse help , etc . look up she see : the iv . the nurse take the iv out of she arm , and place a vial of blood on a tray with several other . Peggy sit up slowly , daze and frighten . she look at the nurse . nurse would you like you twinkie now ? Peggy take the twinkie , stare at it blankly . look around she sees student give blood to the Red Cross . several have tube in they arm . nurse attend to they . Carol sit up drink a cup of juice , wave weakly at Peggy . maddy , now a brunette , slowly roll down she sleeve . Arthur , dolore , walter and several other from the reunion . everyone be young but instantly recognizable .. Charlie walk over to Peggy . he grin at she , revealing wax vampire fang in he mouth , hair brylcreem to death . charlie I vant to suck you blood . I also vant to suck you twinkie . peggy Charlie ! be I dead ? charlie no . you be the undead . you will live forever if you give I you twinkie. ( normal voice ) come on , let 's have it . you hate they anyway . mechanically , Peggy hand over the twinkie . Charlie bend over to nuzzle she neck . the nurse 's hand come into frame and grab Charlie by the scruff of the neck , pull he up . nurse Young man , stop that . the school bell ring . charlie hey ! I just make a deposit in you blood bank . now I want to make a withdrawal . nurse I think it 's time for you next class - charlie I be change bank ! Charlie walk away towards walter and Arthur . Peggy gaze after he , he body block she view of a portion of a banner hang on the wall . it read : " support the Buchanan High blood drive ... " as Charlie exit , the final word come into view : " spring 1960 . " Peggy gasp . she begin to tremble . nurse lie back down and take a deep breath . peggy what 's go on ? where be I ? nurse you pass out for a moment . nothing to worry about . peggy how do I get here ? maddy and Carol approach , carry they book . nurse why do not you let you friend help you ? ( to maddy and Carol ) take she into the washroom and splash some cold water on she face . that should perk she up . maddy yes , mar ' be . they help Peggy up and lead she across the gym . int . girl ' washroom '' adjacent to gym the girl enter . Carol immediately light up a cigarette . Peggy cross to the mirror . carol ( to Peggy ) wanna smoke ? that 's the worst thing for she . peggy no thanks . I give they up year ago . maddy and Carol react as Peggy take a closer look at herself and the girl ' reflection . she place a hand to she throat , notice the locket be go . peggy where be it ? carol be take you back to the nurse . peggy maddy , what do you do to you hair ? maddy look in the mirror . int . school hallway - nurse's office maddy and Carol be wait . Peggy exit the office , clutching a note which she hand blankly to maddy . they walk towards the exit , Peggy glue to the wall for support . carol we be go to take you home . peggy that 's okay . I be sure I will remember the way . ext . school '' side door the girl walk outside . Peggy look around at the old car i~ the parking lot . the most noticeable '' a blue chevrolet impala convertible . Peggy stare at it for a beat , shiver with recognition , as she follow Carol and maddy to a 1955 Ford . maddy help Peggy into the back seat . ext . STREET '' drive Carol drive and chat with maddy , while in the back seat Peggy look out at the world as it she be on a ride at disneyland . she say thing like " that 's not here anymore " . ext . suburban STREET - kelcher house the car pull up to the curb . Peggy get out of the car . maddy hand she the note and she book ; she twirl she finger next to she head . carol I will call you later . peggy yes . let 's stay in touch . Peggy walk up to the door , a sleepwalker in suspend animation . she wait a beat and knock softly . woman' voice ( o.s. ) who be it ? peggy Peggy . ( shudder ) Peggy Sue . woman' voice ( 0.5 . ) come on in . it 's open . Peggy slowly open the door . int . hallway '' kelcher house Peggy enter and look down the hallway into the kitchen . evelyn kelcher be a lovely woman in she miduforty . she turn around from the sink and approach Peggy . peggy ( helplessly ) Mom ! mrs . kelcher the nurse call and say you would be come home . Peggy stare blankly at she for a beat , then hold up the note , as she move towards she mother . peggy I have a note . mrs . kelcher how do you feel ? peggy I be excuse . mrs . kelcher why do not you go lie down for a while . peggy Mom ! Peggy embrace she mother , hold on for dear life , inhale she scent . peggy chanel number five . that always remind I of home . mrs . kelcher of course , dear . you be home now . peggy I be home now . int . peggy's room Peggy enter warily , look around , a fifty museum of teenage artifact . she walk around the room gently touch she old belonging include the record player from open scene . she look in the mirror to make sure she 's still there . suddenly , she turn around . peggy okay , I be alone now . be anyone here ? she open the closet door expectantly , then close it shaking she head . peggy no . this be crazy . be somebody go to tell I what 's go on ? why I ? what happen ? you do not have to show up . I do not have to see you . just send I a sign . ( beat ) thanks a lot . 1 guess I be on my own . nancy , Peggy 's twelve—year—old sister , peek in the room . peggy Nancy ! come here . Nancy tentatively approach . Peggy hug she . nancy what be you do ? peggy I be just happy to see you . nancy come on ! Mom say you be sick . you be never happy to see I . peggy I be sorry about that . I really want we to be closer . I have enough unresolved relationship in my ... life . nancy teenager be weird . and you be the weirdest . peggy let 's do something together .. do you want to play Monopoly ? or career ... clue ... snake and ladder ? nancy ( suspicious ) okay , what do you want ? what dumb favor do you want I to do ? int . live room on a small black and white tv , Dick Clark introduce a spotlight dance . Peggy and Nancy be sit on the sofa , watch . Nancy be eat small candy , like m&amp ; m's . peggy it 's unbelievable . the man never age . nancy look at Kenny Rossi . be not he dreamy ? I wish he would break up with arlene . she think she 's so great . peggy do not eat the red one . nancy why not ? they be my favorite . peggy they be bad for you . they cause ... red lip . ( red dye * 2 ) Nancy react , as Peggy stand . camera track her to the de . den Peggy open the liquor cabinet and take out a bottle of scotch and a glass , notice the family photo on the wall .. peggy can not hurt . I be already dead . she belt down several drink . nancy ( q.s. ) Peggy Sue ! hurry up . fabian ! Peggy steady herself as camera track she back into the live room . live room Peggy collapse on the naugahyde recliner . unexpectedly , it lean back , shoot Peggy 's leg up . mrs . kelcher ( from the kitchen ) I put you laundry on you bed . do not forget to put it away . nancy what 's for dinner ? mrs . kelcher meatloaf . nancy yeech , not again . Peggy lean forward in the recliner eat the candy . bemuse , she look at Nancy watch tv and into the kitchen where she mother be slapping together meatloaf . angle - hallway - the front door open jack kelcher Peggy 's father , enter the hallway . mr. kelcher Girls ? Evelyn ? who leave this thing outside ? he turn and head back outside . mrs . kelcher what be it ? Mrs. kelcher and Nancy follow he outside . Peggy stagger to the front door and lean against the door jamb look out at the family . ext . driveway peggy's Pov : the family admire a new red and white edsel . mr. kelcher what do you think ? mrs kelcher ( disturb ) oh , Jack . nancy like wow ! wait till I tell Diane . she 's always brag about she father 's cadillac . mr. kelcher Peggy Sue , what do you think ? peggy oh , daddy . you be always do thing like that . ( crack up ) that 's funny ! that 's really funny . she stagger over to the car and fall against it laugh . Mr. kelcher cross to she and catch a whiff of she breath . mr. kelcher Young lady , you be drunk ! peggy ( laugh ) just a little . I have have a tough day . mr. kelcher I do not see the humor in this . go to you room immediately . you be ground . peggy ( tipsy ) ground ? ha ! the story of my life . I do not wanna go to my room . I wanna import japanese car . I wanna go to Liverpool and discover the Beatles . mrs . kelcher Jack , take it easy . she give blood at school today . maybe she 's just a little light_head . mr. kelcher this be not give blood . this be drunk . peggy dad , I never know you have a sense of humor . mr. kelcher Evelyn , put she to bed . int . peggy's bedroom Peggy lie in bed , she mother tucking she in . mrs . kelcher my little baby . do not try to grow up so fast . peggy oh Mom , I forget you be ever so young . close on peggy she hear she mother walk down the stair . mrs . kelcher ( o.s. ) a new car . we can not afford a new car . mr. kelcher ( o.s. ) do not worry , it 's just a seasonal slump . mrs . kelcher ( o.s. ) you have four season , you have four slump . int . peggy's bedroom - morning Peggy emerge from the bathroom wear a towel . view from back at a full length mirror she drop the towel and happily appraise she eighteen year old body . peggy let 's get physical !... let 's get metaphysical ! Nancy come in dress for school . peggy good morning . Nancy go to Peggy 's closet . nancy can I borrow this sweater ? peggy ~ yeah , but take good care of it . I be save it for my daughter .. she love this stuff . int . kitchen - morning Mr. kelcher and Nancy sit at the table eat breakfast . Mrs. kelcher stand at the sink scraping toast . Peggy bounce she hair in she adult , natural look . " good morning " all around . mrs . kelcher what happen to you hair ? you have such a pretty face . why be you always try to cover it up ? peggy oh. I forget . Mrs. kelcher take a elastic band from around the faucet and hand it to Peggy as she sit at the table . Peggy make a ponytail . mrs . kelcher you be look pretty chipper this morning . peggy I be still here , be not I ? I may as well enjoy myself . I be go to go to school today . ( beat ) dad , I want to apologize for yesterday . the car be a classic . use it in the best of health . mr. kelcher thank you .. I accept you apology with the hope that what go on yesterday will never happen again . peggy that would be impossible . mr. kelcher you be so young , this be not the time to start acquire bad habit . peggy Mom , be there any coffee leave ? Mrs. kelcher begin to pour the coffee , then pull back , spilling some on Mr. kelcher . mrs . kelcher when do you start drink coffee ? peggy oh. ah ... recently . all the kid drink it . mr. kelcher if all the kid jump off a bridge , would you do that too ? peggy I think I be way ahead of they . nancy pass the toast , please . Peggy pass Nancy the toast . nancy and the butter . peggy you know , you two be wonderful parent . I be really go to try to behave myself . mr. kelcher well , at least you stop call I daddy —o . nancy ( correct he ) daddy_o. peggy Mom , sit down for a minute . this be so nice , all of we be together again like this . nancy can I tell Diane that Peggy Sue get drunk or be that a deep family secret ? ( silence ) well ? mrs . kelcher how do Diane like she brace ? r31.ncy she hate they . nobody like brace . thy just call you junkyard face and miss Metal mouth . I gotta go . Nancy jump up , grab she lunch on the counter , as she exit . " good '' by ' all around . we hear a horn honking outside —— a five—note musical phrase —— be—bop—a—lu—bop . peggy oh yeah . Charlie . how be I go to handle he ? mrs . kelcher what 's the matter ? do you two have a fight ?. peggy sort of . mrs . kelcher what about ? peggy the house payment . ext . kelcher house Peggy exit the house wince at the sight of Charlie 's car , the blue impala she would see the day before . Charlie sit , one arm on the wheel , the other over the back of the seat . charlie how do you feel ? peggy pretty strange . Peggy hesitates , unsure how to handle she accumulate ambivalence towards Charlie . charlie come on . get in . I can take care of that . Peggy warily get in . Charlie lean over to kiss she , but she push he away . no dice . peggy not now , Charlie . I have get a headache . get use to the word . Roll it around you tongue for a year . charlie hey , I can take a hint . you look great today . Charlie start the car , burn rubber and peel out . peggy you drive like a maniac ! charlie I call this the staccato . ( do trick ) int . charlie' car '' day - drive charlie ( earnest ) not that I be glad you be sick , but I have a chance to do some think last night . peggy oh yeah ? charlie you know . about what we say on Tuesday . it make a lot of sense . peggy refresh my memory . charlie how could you forget ? we talk about see other people and you forget ? peggy maybe I block it out . charlie I can understand that .. but please do not start cry again . ext . school parking lot Charlie 's car pull up . charlie it 's not go to be forever . I figure three year be long enough . I can see it the music pan out . ( more tentative ) and right after graduation we should start see other people . kind of comparison shop before we settle down and get marry . know what I mean ? peggy why wait ? charlie ( surprised ) well , we get the prom come up , all this party . we should not upset we parent ? peggy they will learn to live with it . Peggy exit the car and head towards the school . Charlie sit , stunne . ext . high school lot they be surround by friend as they head into school . near the door walter and Leon be have a contest , hoist themselves onto the sign pole , try to get they body parallel to the ground . a crowd urge they on . we see tap on the bottom of walter 's shoe . int . school hallway Peggy stand bewilder in the hallway . Charlie walk back , take she by the hand and lead she to a locker . charlie you be more shook up than you want to admit . you will get use to it , we will still see each other 2 , 3 time a week . Charlie open the locker . Peggy watch carefully , memorize though combination . he take out a few book as Peggy notice she schedule on the locker door . charlie want I to drive you home later ? peggy would you ? charlie ( growl ) would I ?!! why I oughta ... unaccountably , this crack Charlie up . he walk away laugh . Peggy look completely puzzle . she be surround by a sea of people , who say hello . she can not remember they name . int . classroom - morning we see Peggy , maddy , dolore , Arthur and Carol , sing my country TIS of thee . they all mumble , except for Peggy who deliver a stir rendition . the class think she 's crazy . Peggy 's decide to have a good time . announcement begin over the PA system . no one pay attention , except Peggy . man' voice ( v.0 . ) good morning , student . this be Mr. mosey . we girl diving team be compete today in the county final at Commander beck High School . we know they will put forth a splendid effort '' so let 's wish they luck . peggy where 's rosalie testa ? carol probably at the diving meet . man' voice ( v.0 . ) finally , congratulation go to Richard norvik for place first in the statewide math Contest . we be proud of you , Richard .... that 's all , student . several student boo Richard 's name . the bell ring . int . another classroom maddy , dolore and Peggy enter the room . Peggy stand at the door till most be seat . she see a empty seat between maddy and dolore and , assume it 's hers , sit down . dolore do you study for the test ? peggy ( horrify ) test ? int . classroom - twenty minute later mr. snelgrove , a officious little creep , be stand by he desk . snelgrove all right , class . time 's up . he walk along the aisle collect the papers . when he get to Peggy he pick up she blank sheet . snelgrove what 's the meaning of this , Peggy Sue ? peggy ( patiently ) Mr. snelgrove , I happen to know that in the future , I will never have the slight use for algebra . and I speak from experience . the class gasp , a few student applaud , and Mr. snelgrove 's jaw drop . int . another classroom '' day mr. gilfond be teach the Old man and the Sea . michael fitisimmon ( from reunion cross—country photo ) be speak . he always wear black . michael santiago come back , with nothing '' there 's no meat on the bone . it 's hemingway 's ego defend itself again ; he 's try to prove he can still perform . gilfond ... what hemingway 's say , Michael , be that we be alone '' that when we go out too far we be vulnerable . the irony , that santiago be beat by the shark , do not make he less of a hero . the bell ring . the class begin to exit . gilfond over the weekend read the first four chapter of the great gatsbv . I hope you enjoy it . Peggy hesitates . she walk up to gilfond . peggy Mr. gilfond , can I talk to you ? gilfond sure , Peggy Sue . what 's on you mind ? peggy I just want to tell you how much I enjoy you class . you teach I a lot and ... you be a very fine teacher . gilfond that 's very kind of you . thank you . peggy thank you . um , I also think you be underpaid . lunch area walter , Charlie and Arthur sit at a long table . walter why do you father take inventory on Sunday night ? that 's poker night . you always get out of it before . charlie I have get to string he along for a while . it 's for he own good . arthur but you be not go into he business . whe n're you go to tell he ? charlie soon . I can not tall everybody everything all at once . Peggy , Carol and maddy walk over and sit down with trays . Peggy deliberately avoid the empty sear next to Charlie . they be uneasy with each other . Peggy look with disgust at the slop on the tray . walter strange rumor be sweeping the school about you . peggy ( wary ) what do you mean ? walter prom what I hear , you really give it to old smellgrove . maddy I be there . she tell the creep off right to he face . arthur Atta girl , peg . peggy Arthur , please do not call I peg . arthur why I oughta ... Charlie , walter and Arthur crack up . peggy I do not get it . carol that 's because you ' be not a total moron like they be . maddy it 's some stupid old movie thing they just start . walter that 's enough out of you , little lady . charlie I will throw the book at you ! arthur why I oughta ... the boy crack up again . the girl think they be hopeless . Peggy sees Michael fitzsimmon , bury in a book . he look at Peggy with a penetrate gaze , then back down . Richard norvik , also sit alone , work with a slide ruler on a book of mathematical puzzle , dress in early nerd . Peggy get up from the table . she look back to Charlie and the table . peggy I will be right back . camera track peggy to richard another angle walter she 's not waste any time . Peggy Sue and Mr. Square root ? charlie he 's a nice guy . you know he 's write a book ? walter oh , a book ... Excuse I for a second . ( fake gag ) another angle Peggy stand over Richard . he look up nervously , push he glass up the bridge of he nose , a constant habit . peggy congratulation on the math contest , Richard . richard it really be not that difficult . Doug snell ( of merrill '' Lynch , at the reunion ) walk past . doug what be you do , Peggy Sue ? fishing for fouruey worm ? peggy get lose you macho shmuck . Doug and Richard react . peggy I have to talk to you . it 's very important . richard I be not do any tutoring this year . I be too busy . peggy it 's not that . can we meet after school ? please ? richard all right . I will be in the physics lab . make it four—thirty . I have a rocket club meeting . int . classroom - a family live CLASS on the wall be several chart : Basic food group , tip on groom , and prominently display , the happy Home Corporation , i.e. husband as president , wife , vice—president , child , employee , grandparent as board member . miss otto stand by she desk . stand in the front of the room be : maddy therefore , the key to a successful child 's party can be sum up in one word '' plan .. with proper plan , a successful , inexpensive happy birthday party can be have by all . include the mother . she walk back to she seat . miss otto that be very comprehensive , madeline . thank you .. now ... ( beat ) Peggy Sue , you topic be ' how to choose a nursery School . ' be you prepare ? peggy all .... okay . sure . Peggy walk to the front and face the class , smile primly . peggy choose a good nursery school can be one of the most important decision you can make . it will often determine you child 's attitude towards education and schooling . ( proud of herself ) of course , the lesson learn be primarily social —— share , be considerate of other . ( remember ) and they be so cute when they be little . they bring you back they Little masterpiece every day and you put them on the refrigerator door . they be so proud , and they name be all misspel . Scott would always print he S backwards , and Beth would make she sweet little flower ... Peggy wipe away a tear . at the stunne reaction of the class and miss otto . ext . playing ' field the baseball team practice . Michael fitzsimmon run lap with the track team . one lone boy kick a soccer ball . close - a baton twirling in the AIR widen to include the baton spin down , fall into the hand of a uniform majorette who deftly pass it through she leg and twirl it back into the air . another baton '' it rise , spin awkwardly and fall through Peggy 's hand onto the ground . six majorettes in uniform be practice . dolore be one of they . dolore ( to Peggy ) what a girl . what a twirl . you know , peg—leggy , you be gonna get demote to hall monitor - head majorette come on , Peggy Sue .. try it again . you have not be practice . Peggy gamely try it again and manage at least to catch the baton and continue twirling . she continue , enjoy herself . Michael run by , the lonely long distance runner . ext . playing field '' later the group of majorettes head toward the school . Peggy see Charlie lean against the car , wave she over . charlie look good out there . peggy thanks . charlie I notice you be give I the silent treatment at lunch . I guess I deserve it . I have be think about my three year plan and I think it 's unworkable . I must have be delirious . peggy I think it have a lot of merit . charlie in the abstract maybe . get a grip on yourself ! but when I imagine you go out with other guy , I feel ... ah ... peggy rejected , worthless , miserable . charlie yeah . like that . peggy good . Peggy turn , and walk away . Charlie look miserable . int . physics lab Peggy enter and approach Richard . he be too engross construct a elaborate kite to notice she . peggy what a great kite . richard I be write a book on kite construction . what do you want to talk about ? peggy I want to ask you a question . ( beat ) do you think ... time travel be possible ? richard be you do some kind of science project ? peggy sort of . richard well ... in a newtonian framework , the possibility be limited , but with the advent of relativity theory , the idea of absolute time can no longer be reasonably affirm . Peggy have not understand a word . richard and then , there 's Richard 's Burrito . peggy what 's that ? richard that 's my own theory base on a mexican food call the burrito . I have it once when my parent take I to disneyland . peggy I know what a burrito be . richard well , I think time be like a burrito . sometimes it just fold over on itself and one part touch the other . peggy what 's inside ? richard you can till it with whatever you want . from illusion to memory , from experience to innocence , from happiness to the entire universe peggy so you think time travel be possible ? for people ? richard absolutely . people , dog , elephant . peggy listen , you have gotta keep this a secret . you can not tell a soul . promise ? richard okay . I promise . peggy this be serious . nobody can know . ah , I have return from the future . I travel back here 25 year . richard you probably be crazy . wait a minute . be this some kind of joke ? I know what you all , think of I . peggy . no. really . you be the smartest person I know . it sound unbelievable . but I can prove it . richard oh yeah ? peggy you have a blind grandfather . one day you be go to invent a machine that read book for blind people . I read about it . you be go to be famous . you be go to invent a lot of thing . richard how , do you know about my grandfather ? peggy because I be tell you the truth . I know what 's go to happen . there 's go to be test tube baby and heart transplant . and a american name Neil armstrong be go to walk on the moon . on July 20 , 1969 . richard Holy Toledo ! that 's six year ahead of schedule ! ext . STREET Peggy and Richard be walk , carry they book . richard but when do you leave ? be you here until then ? be you there until now ? what direction be you go in ? be you a move point on a infinite line extend into the past ? can anyone do it ? peggy I do not know . oblivious , Peggy and Richard walk by shower 's Cafe . Inside , dolore and Carol see they . ext . another STREET '' approaching richard's house richard I would be very careful if I be you . you don ' t want to fall into the clutches of some madman with plan to manipulate you brain . peggy that 's why I be get a divorce .. ( beat ) what I really think be that I have a heart attack at the reunion and die . ext . richard's driveway richard you look pretty good for a corpse . peggy come on , Richard , I be serious . richard you be give I the creep . peggy be I dead or not ? richard there 's one way to find out . Richard stop and throw down he book . he step in front of Peggy , throw down she book , drag she to the curb . peggy what be you do ? richard confucious say , the way out be through the door . there 's a truck . there 's you door . a large truck speed towards they . richard step in front of the truck ! if you be dead , it will not matter . the truck will go right through you . go ahead ! you be dead ! Peggy take one step off the curb . the truck be get closer . the truck blows a loud sustained wail . peggy no ! I do not want to die ! int . richard's garage a completely outfit laboratory , kite decorate the wall . richard okay , you be not dead , but accord to every law of science what you say happen to you be impossible . peggy what if it 's beyond science ? what it it 's God ? RI chard Einstein say " God do not play dice with the universe . " I be a scientist . I believe that there 's a order to thing . why would God bring you back as a high school girl ? peggy I do not know . richard you be a molecule in chaos , a discontinuent aberration . maybe you have just get power of precognition . well , maybe you be just out of whack . peggy I tell you , I have already live my life . I do not know how or why I be here , but you have to help I get back . I want to get back to my real life ! richard all right , I will work on it , I will , do some research . but in the meantime , do not get crazy . peggy I be try . I will see you tomorrow . ( head out the door ) richard what if you be not here tomorrow ? int . kelcher hallway Peggy come home , enter hallway . mrs . kelcher ( o.s. ) this necklace be sapphire , it be my grandmother 's . Peggy look into the live room . peggy's Pov : her mother be sit on the sofa with a strange man in a suit . she 's serve he tea . there be several , piece of old jewelry spread on a cloth on the coffee table . the man be examine one of the piece . Mrs. kelcher seem surprised that Peggy 's home from school . Peggy move on into the kitchen . int . kelcher kitchen Peggy hear she mother let the man out . she enter the kitchen . peggy who be that man ? mrs . kelcher it be nobody . ah ... he 's a poll , taker . I be think of voting Democrat this year . but do not mention it to you father . how be school today ? peggy it be great to see everybody again . but it 's so boring and regiment . most of what they teach be useless . the worst thing be lunch . the telephone ring . mrs . kelcher would you get that , dear ? peggy sure , mom. ( pick up the phone ) hello . Peggy gasp . Mrs. kelcher turn to she . mrs . kelcher Peggy ! what 's the matter ? who be it ? peggy ( shake ) it 's grandma . I can not talk to she now . ( into phone ) I be sorry , grandma . Peggy hand the receiver to she mother and run out of the room sobbing . her first confrontation with mortality . int . hallway Peggy climb the stair , in tear . mrs . kelcher ( o.s. ) Peggy Sue ! what be it ? force herself to regain she composure , she sit down at the top of the landing as Mrs. kelcher join she . mrs . kelcher what happen to you ? peggy I have a dream that grandma die . mrs . kelcher well , she be get on , but she 's fine . I tell she you be not feel well yesterday . she call to find out how you be . peggy she do ? I love she so much , and I have not see she in such a long time . and grandpa barney . be he all , right ? mrs . kelcher yes , he 's fine , too . you see they at Easter . peggy I be sorry , Mom . I will call grandma back and apologize . mrs . kelcher that 's a good girl ... I hate to see you so upset . ( beat ) tell I , sweetheart . be you have problem with Charlie ? you mention something this morning . peggy I be confuse about a lot of thing right now . Charlie 's only one of they . two beat . mrs . kelcher be Charlie pressure you to do thing you do not think you should be do ? peggy what do you mean ? mrs . kelcher Peggy , do you know what a penis be ? ( Peggy 's jaw drop ) stay away from it . ext . kelcher house '' night Charlie pull up to the curb , open the glove compartment , extract a can of Old spice aerosol , spray the seat ; and exit he car , throw a kiss to it as he walk up to the door . closer view he 's wear a hideous orange and turquoise sweater . int . kelcher house '' hallway Mr. kelcher open the door , Charlie enter . mr. kelcher hello , Charlie . charlie hello , sir . how be thing at the hat store ? mr. kelcher Fine , thanks . come on in . I want to talk to you . camera track Charlie and Mr. kelcher into the live room . Mr. kelcher sit on he recliner , Charlie , nervous , on the couch . Nancy be on the rug , study . mr. kelcher you may have notice that Peggy Sue 's be act a little strange lately . nancy she 's distort . charlie yes , sir . mr. kelcher she seem confuse , irresponsible , overemotional . my wife say that 's the way girl act sometimes . nancy she 's almost a juvenile delinquent . Mr. kelcher give Nancy a look and point to the door . without she father notice , Nancy creep up behind he and make rabbit ear behind he head . Charlie try hard not to laugh . Nancy continue to clown . charlie yes , sir . but that 's what I like about she . she 's not like all the other girl at school . mr. kelcher Charles , in spite of you adolescent infatuation with music , we have always regard you a a fine young man . we have trust you with we daughter . charlie yes , sir . trust be a two—way street . in the past two year I have be pleased to note that you and Mrs. kelcher have , uh , fulfil you sacred trust of be good parent to the , uh , woman I plan to take off you hand . Mr. kelcher look as if he 's witness the latest attack of teenage weirdness . int . peggy's bedroom Peggy be change a record . she see the dress she be wear the day before ( and at the reunion ) sling across a chair . as Peggy pick it up , a book of match fall out . Peggy pick it up , excited . insert : matchbook which read : finish high school in you spare time . Peggy frantically search the dress pocket and slowly draw out two joint . she stare at they for a beat . peggy ( worry ) oh , Beth . there 's a knock at the door . Peggy quickly hide the joint . Mrs. kelcher open the door . mrs . kelcher Charlie 's downstairs . why be not you ready ? peggy for what ? mrs . kelcher maddy 's party . peggy I do not feel very festive . mrs . kelcher you accept a invitation , maddy 's one of you best friend , and I baked the Rice krispie square . Peggy laugh . mrs . kelcher enjoy yourself ! this be the best time of you life . and the sooner you learn to handle Charlie the better . get dress . Mrs. kelcher close the door . int . live room mr. kelcher we think this party might cheer she up . just make sure you know what 's expect of you . charlie what would that be , sir ? mr. kelcher show she a good time , but for God 's sake restrain yourself . charlie ( surprised ) of course . angle on peggy walk downstairs , surprised by Charlie and dad talk . ext . kelcher house - night Peggy and Charlie exit and walk towards he car . Peggy 's hold a pan of Rice krispie square . Charlie slip Peggy 's sweater back on she shoulder . he 's try hard to make up . peggy where do you get that sweater ? charlie great , be not it ? peggy it 's really fifty . you sort of clash with the world . charlie hey ! what 's the fun of be a teenager if you can not dress weird ? and we be go to have fun tonight , right ? peggy right . I promise my mother . int . charlie' car '' night - drive charlie be this slow enough for you ? peggy ( serious ) Charlie , how be you ? charlie I be fine Peggy Sue . and how be you ? be we talk on the phone ? be we pen pal ? peggy seriously . what 's it like to be eighteen ? Charlie look thoughtful , then gun the engine . charlie it 's great . I clean the car , do you like it ? oh , I get ticket for fabian on you birthday , you like he , right ? he 's cool . eighteen be half of thirty six . it 's " gentlemen start you engine " , vroom , like I be gass up ready for the race . I have get the girl , I have get the car , I have get the talent , but I do not know . do I date , get marry , join the army , cut a record , go to college ? I get a million choice , but nobody teach you how to choose . but it 's different for a girl . you be lucky . you just have to wait for I . int . maddy house '' basement thirty kid be dance , talk , snack . one couple make out . walter , Leon , Terry and Doug snell be crowded around a tv , watch a old western with Eugene pallette or Edgar Buchanan . the boy laugh as pallette or Buchanan growl a western cliche . doug gol 'darnit , dag nab it , dad burn it , dad blame it . int . maddy house '' hallway to basement Charlie and Peggy be poise at the door . charlie here come the life of the party . int . maddy house '' basement Arthur and a few other stand by the bar , where bottle of Coke be line up . Arthur carefully pour rum from a hip flask directly into the bottle . Peggy and Charlie enter . leon go down , smooth . hey , look what the cat drag in . charlie have no fear . Charlie 's here . walter oh , it 's you be it . terry jumping jehosophat ! doug it 's a miracle ! peggy hi , guy . arthur now that 's a purty little heifer . charlie why Pete 's the best darn cook on the panhandle ! peggy why I oughta ! the boy all crack up . the party '' later walter , Leon , Charlie and Terry crowd around Arthur who have a open , widemmouthed bottle of beer in he hand . charlie ready . set. go - Arthur rapidly chug—a—lugs the entire beer and immediately recite from memory as the boy urge he on : arthur ( go : for speed ) hi— yo Silver ! a cloud of dust , a gallop horse with the speed of light , a hearty hi - yo Silver ! the Lone Ranger ! with he faithful indian companion Tonto , the dare and resourceful masked Rider of the Plains come to Earth with power - and ability far beyond that of mortal man . return with we now to that thrill day of yesteryear - from out of the ... Arthur let out a huge belch . everybody crack up . leon you doorknob ! you throw in superman ! charlie too bad . Close to a record . arthur ( foam at the nose ) I hate it when the beer come out my nose . another area Peggy , Carol and maddy bemusedly watch the boy . maddy can you believe I want to marry that dork . carol why do guy do such stupid thing ? peggy you know , I never could figure that one out . int . basement - another angle maddy , Arthur , walter , Carol , Charlie and Peggy sit on a couch . maddy and Carol sit in they boyfriend ' lap . Peggy sit distractedly on the couch arm . they cross talk '' boy to boy '' girl to girl . maddy I be think of four usher and four bridesmaid . walter the yank get the hit but the Sox get the defense . carol what be you color , go to be ? arthur I 'li take kubek and Richardson over Fox and aparicio . maddy I be think of pink and green . another angle dolore and Terry stand in a corner kissing passionately . maddy ( cont 'd . ) look at dolore . what a tramp . charlie pitch win pennant . the Tigers get four potential twenty game winner . carol you would be surprised at how many girl in school be not virgin . walter and arthur ( to Carol ) like who ? charlie Don mossi , Frank lary , Jim sunning and Paul foytack . int . basement '' later arthur and now , direct from three week of rehearsal in walter 's garage , four guy who have dedicated they life to become the great sing group in the world ... ( beat ) Charlie , walter , Leon and Terry . the definition . applause as the group enter from the furnace room . they all wear black pants and iridescent sharkskin jacket . Charlie be in the center of the group as they position themselves . charlie one , two , three - ... the group begin to sing a a capella version of rama lama ding dong ( or I wonder why ) . Charlie sing lead , back up by the other three . walter dance insane , temptation—like step . the crowd huddle around they , clap and groove . Peggy be on the planet of lose innocence , remove and melancholy . carol Charlie really have a great voice . maddy maybe they will be the next dion and the belmont . peggy do not get you hope up . maddy come on , where 's you enthusiasm ? Charlie sing directly to Peggy , grin at she . in spite of herself , she smile back at he . she 's start to realize why she fall in love with he . he 's irresistible . peggy he be kind of cute , be not he ? carol yeah . you be so lucky . he really love you , too . he 's always tell walter how wonderful you be . peggy he do ? the group finish the song . Charlie blow Peggy a kiss . the crowd applaud , include Peggy . dolore join Peggy , Carol and maddy . dolore Carol and I see you with that creep , Richard , today . peggy first of all , Richard be not a creep . he happen to be a exceptional person . if any of you give he half a chance , you would find that out . dolore God , Peggy , you be so unform you be practically fetal . you be just take pity on he ' cause he have no friend . peggy dolore , can not you be a little kinder to people ? you do not even know the boy . if you be not so neurotic and insecure , maybe you would shut up for a while and show some compassion . dolore be you for real ? peggy touchy , touchy ! dolore storm away . maddy ( to Peggy ) I do not know what you say to she , but I wish I would say it . Charlie and walter walk over and accept " bravos " from the girl . walter do he James Dean imitation . peggy Charlie , what do you think of Richard norvik ? charlie be he gonna help you with that physics stuff ? peggy he 's try . charlie hey ! who need physics when we have get chemistry ? peggy ( charme ) come on , let 's dance . walter put on some make—out music , and kill the light . we hear a record scratch . a slow song begin . the light be dimme . coupler begin to slow dance . Charlie hold Peggy close , barely move . Peggy be mistyuey , move by be in Charlie 's arm again . charlie there be not a girl in school that can hold a candle to you .. peggy you be pretty charming when you want to be . charlie yeah I know . but I do not have to flatter you . it just feel right . you be the perfect girl for I . as in be , be and always will be . I be glad dance be invent . you know the first dance be ritual . like fertility rite . as they dance Charlie get embarrassed by a erection , and move he hip away from Peggy . she surprise he by grab he tush and pull he into she . int . maddy basement - later music fade into the song " party doll " by buddy knox . Peggy be do the twist , show Charlie and several other . walter get the hang of it , twist on one leg . Carol try to keep up . maddy and Arthur be always a beat behind . dolore hey Terry , what be that ? do Peggy make it up ? I have never see that on bandstand . terry what if we be witness the end of touch dance ? int . charlie' car - deserted lane - night the window be fogge . Peggy and Charlie kiss tenderly . peggy mmm . this be nice . I always love the way you kiss . I miss you . charlie you eye look like silver pool of moonlight . and the tide rush in . peggy you really love I , do not you ? charlie you know I do . I even write you into my will . peggy ( tentatively ) Charlie , let 's make love . charlie what ?! you mean sex ?! intercourse ? ( nonubely ) you want to have intercourse ! last weekend you say ... what time be it ? peggy a lot 's happen since last weekend . charlie but you be the one who want to wait till we get marry . and you be right . we should wait . peggy ( f1uster ) I probably mean it when I say it . ( beat ; coyly ) do not lucky chuckie want to come out ? charlie who ? Peggy start to giggle , realize the absurdity of the situation . the more she giggle , the more agitate Charlie get . Peggy start to unbutton Charlie 's shirt . peggy you know . you love machine ... the throbbing thrill hammer ... you thing ! charlie you mean my wang ? listen , it 's run real late . Charlie push she away , angry .. charlie what be this ? what the hell be go on ? one week you say , " if you love I you will not " , now you say " if you love I you will " . ( beat ) Excuse I . that 's a guy 's line ! Peggy realize she 's blow it . Charlie be not ready for this . peggy this be a mistake . we better forget it . charlie you be damn right ! Jesus ! Peggy ! you sure know how to spoil a mood . Charlie straighten himself up , start the car and burn out . ext . kelcher house '' night Charlie drop she off . peggy I be sorry Charlie . charlie save it . Peggy watch he go . look at she darken house , she turn and walk down the street . ext . STREET '' shower' cafe Peggy peek in the window . the kid from the party be eat and laugh . rosalie testa be dance . shaken by rosalie , she turn away . in the distance she sees the light of : arta donut hole . OPEN 24 hour . int . arta donut hole a few people linger over coffee . the waitress serve they be monica ( the same but young woman from lovin ' oven ) . in a corner , Michael fitzsimmon , in a red leather jacket , sit alone , read . he look up to check on he motorcycle park outside . he 's splendid in he isolation . Peggy enter , take a seat at the counter , startle to see monica , who do not know she . monica what would you like ? peggy monica ? be not you monica hine ? monica yes . who be you ? peggy ah ... never mind . can I have a coffee , please ? and a cinnamon cruller . ( sotto ) how 's bobo ? Peggy notice Michael stare at she . Peggy smile , Michael do not . monica bring Peggy she coffee and donut . monica twenty cent , please . peggy you be kid ? pick up she donut and coffee , she walk over to Michael 's table and sit opposite he . peggy I be impressed with what you say in English class today . michael gilfond 's okay , except he think hemingway 's great literature . peggy you do not ? michael ( contemptuously ) he 's a fisherman ! the most overrate writer of the century . I mean , he 's the perfect american author '' fat , violent , drunk ... peggy maybe you be confusing he life with he work . michael a writer 's life be he work . Jack kerouac do not have to kill a bull to have something to write about . he 's out there feel , burn ... groove on life ! Michael lean back in he chair . he 's say he piece . Peggy study he for a beat . peggy the young man lean back in he chair . no bull would die today . michael what be you do here anyway ? peggy coffee and a donut . michael I think chick like you travel in pack . peggy hey , man , I be a hip chick . ext . arta donut hole Long shot of the brightly light donut shop . Michael and Peggy be clearly visible . int . car dolore and Terry be drive by . dolore Terry , slow down . terry okay . dolore Terry ! slow down . terry what , why ? ext . arta donut hole '' dolores' Pov : Peggy and Michael leave the donut shop , get on Michael 's motorcycle . dolore there 's Peggy with Michael fitzsimmon . terry that commie beatnik ? what 's she do with he ? wait will I tell Charlie . dolore first a nerd and then a weirdo . what a bunch of nose picker . I will tell Charlie . ext . STREET - night '' drive Peggy on Michael 's bike , clasped around he . her eye close , enjoy the wind blow in she hair . they head out of town . ext . gas station Michael pump gas . Peggy walk to the washroom . look around she wait a beat , then enter the I n's . int . men' washroom with all the aplomb of a divorcee , Peggy take a quarter and deposit it in a condom machine . she put the packet in she skirt pocket , pull out the joint and stare at they for a beat . she check she hair in the mirror and exit . ext . gas station Michael pump air into the tire , bunched against a building . Peggy approach he , hold up a joint , smile conspiratorially . she light it , inhale deeply , then pass it to he . he smile back at she , a bit surprised , but still take the joint and inhale . ext . mountain road they drive up to a mountain top , Peggy wear the leather jacket . she direct Michael with one arm . the motorcycle be park . Peggy and Michael lie on the grass , stare down at the town light below . Michael inhale the joint , then pass it to Peggy . michael this be great reefer . peggy yeah . I be surprised . it 's really old ... ( inhale ) Travels well though . ( beat ) you know , the world look a lot better from up here . michael the world be fantastic . it 's the ultimate absurd circus . I be shot from a cannon into the energy . peggy what be you shoot for ? michael maximum intensity . yeah . I can not wait to get out of here . I be gonna write . I be gonna check out of this bourgeois motel . push myself away from the dinner table and say ' no more jell '' o for I , Mom . ' peggy do not you get along with you parent ? michael the only thing my father dig be cold , green money . all my mother care about be she stand at the country club . peggy they care about you . they be just a different generation . michael hey what 's with you ? I think you be cool . you ride my bike . you blow some pot . ( beat ) what 's you scene miss majorette ? you gonna marry Mr. Blue impala and graze around with all the other sheep for the rest of you life ? peggy I already do that . I want to be a dancer , I want to dance . Peggy take off she sweater , kick off she shoe and begin to dance . her eye be close , she body silhouett by the moon . Michael be transfix . after a few beat , he walk over to she . he stretch out he arm and place they around she neck . they sway together for several beat , they body touch . Peggy open she eye and see Michael gaze at she tenderly . michael you know , I have you peg all wrong . Michael kiss Peggy . she respond passionately . michael a ray of oneness pierce the solitude . falling body in the ecstasy of flesh . you will be a chapter in my memoir of desire . peggy be that one of you poem ? michael no , I just make that up . do you want to hear one ? peggy I would love to . michael ( eye ablaze ) okay . here 's a new one . it 's call tenderness . ( beat ) I could not sleep so I think I would scream betray by a kiss , suck pod of bitterness . in the madhouse of Dr. dread razor shred of rat puke fall on my bare arm ( see Peggy grimace ; he calm down ) I be sorry . I guess I be try to impress you . ( kiss she ) Peggy be fall for it . he fumble with she bra strap . peggy Michael ... you be as good as you look . his other hand reach to undo she skirt . michael I will respect you for eternity . ( recite tenderly ) ' when you be old and gray , and full of sleep , and nodd by the fire , take down this book , and slowly read , and dream of the soft look you eye have once . " ( beat ) I do not write that . that 's yeat . Peggy be move by the beauty of the poem . she sit up , lean over Michael , run she hand through he hair , almost motherly . peggy I envy you . you have you whole life ahead of you and you know exactly what you want to do . ( beat ) but forget the rat puke ; write something beautiful . Peggy lie back down on the ground . Michael take she hand and kiss it . peggy you know , this be not really happen . camera pull back to include the entire , perfect tableau : the starry night , the motorcycle , the cloud racing across the moon and the two lover on the mountaintop . ext . STREET '' dawn Michael stop at the corner of Peggy 's street . she get off the bike and kiss Michael goodbye . he take off . ext . kelcher house Peggy walk up the path as the milkman approach . milkman you parent be wait up . you know , I see a lot of this in the spring . good luck . peggy thanks , Ralph . int . kelcher house Peggy enter , try to be quiet . Mr. kelcher stand in the kitchen doorway in he bathrobe wait for she , steaming . camera track Peggy into kitchen . she grab a cup of coffee before sit down . mrs . kelcher where have you be ? peggy I go for a drive . up in the hill . mr. kelcher damn that Charlie I peggy it 's not Charlie . it 's I . mr. kelcher ( nervously ) Peggy , let I ask you something . ( beat ) you be not ... expect be you ? peggy at my age ? do not be silly . mr. kelcher thank God for that . peggy dad .. it 's not a big deal . do not you ever stay out all night when you be young ? mr. kelcher yes but I be a boy . and I still have hell to pay . peggy calm down . just listen for a minute .. please . mr. kelcher all right . but this better be good . peggy I want to help with the family finances . I want you to buy some stock . and gold . by 1980 gold be go to be worth eight hundred dollar a ounce . then you sell . mr. kelcher do you know how ridiculous you sound ? first of all , it 's illegal for U.S. citizen to buy gold . and in the second place , the price of gold be regulate by the government . peggy I think they be go to deregulate it . mr. kelcher that 's you problem the more woman think , the more trouble they get into . peggy oh boy , that 's another thing that 's go to change . who 's go to think for we ? we husband ? you know , you treat Mom like a may . it 's not entirely you fault . that be the attitude in the fifty , and that 's the way you raise I . but give Nancy a break , encourage she to go to art school . mr. kelcher I have hear just about enough of this lunacy ! go to you room ! peggy listen dad , please . buy IBM , buy Polaroid , buy Apple Computer . no , no . not yet . buy xerox ! mr. kelcher Evelyn , take she to she room ! Peggy stalk out of the kitchen to the front door . mrs . kelcher I be not the may ! peggy Way to go , Mom ! the kelcher glare at each other~ . we hear the door slam . int . shower' cafe '' day Peggy and Richard sit in a booth . Richard 's kite be hang on a coat rack . richard the way I see it , you have a unparalleled opportunity to become the richest woman in the world . peggy I be just not the type . besides , I want to get out of here . richard but you have a vision . do not you want to help you parent ? peggy I try to tell they , but they would not listen to I . richard I be talk about invention , no investment . I know what people think of I . Mr. spasmatician . Dick the Square root . I will show they . you say I be go to be a millionaire . and you be gonna help ! peggy Richard , take it easy . richard no offense , but for a person who say she 's live a extra lifetime , you certainly be thick . money be power .. money make people respect you ... peggy how come you never ask I any important question ? do not you wonder if there 's go to be a nuclear war ? or a cure for cancer ? what about you family ? what about people ? richard I be curious , but I do not want to know . jeez , I hope you have not be tell people what 's go to happen to they . peggy give I some credit , will you ? richard good . you be discreet . I like that in a partner . peggy wbat be you talk about ? richard look it 's very simple . you tell I everything that have not be invent yet , and I will invent it . we will be partner . fifty—fifty . peggy sixty—forty . RI chard that 's not fair . peggy okay , find yourself another vision . richard you be take advantage of a minor . peggy when do we start ? a waitress approach they table . waitress do you know what you want ? richard a ton on a bun , with fries . waitress and you ? peggy quiche lorraine , spinach salad and a perrier . ext . downtown STREET the street be fill with Saturday shopper . Peggy hold the kite , Richard take note as they windowshop . they stop in front of a dry cleaner . peggy dry cleaner . no real change . just higher price . they move next door to a shoe store . peggy ah . this be a biggie . forget sneaker . running shoe , jogging shoe , tennis shoe . fifty to two hundred dollar a pair . richard come on . you can not be serious . peggy there be major fortune to be make here . Leisure time and lifeustyle . richard be you talk ~about exercise ? like gym ? peggy not for you . okay , there 's lot more . they move along to the next window , a appliance store . the window be fill with old television , record player , large rotisserie—broilers , etc . the store sign read : bodell' tv and appliance . another sign read : come in and listen to stereophonic SOUND . peggy look at that stuff . it 's like the dark age . this be more you speed . and boy , do I know this business . Peggy peer into the store again and catch a g1impse of Charlie serve a customer . ext . STREET '' bus stop Peggy and Richard sit on the bench next to two old . lady . Richard read from he list . richard let 's see ... ( look around ) icrowavemay , ocketpay alculatorcay ... the two lady react . peggy you do not have to use pig Latin ! nobody could possibly know what we be talk about . richard all right . this be the choice : microwave oven , pocket calculator , Walkman , digital watch and miniature tv 's . peggy oh . and huge portable radio . everything else get small , but for some reason , portable radio get enormous . Peggy look up and see a lingerie store across the street . she head towards it , call : peggy I will be right back . Peggy enter the lingerie store . after a beat , Peggy emerge from the store , excited and empty hand . dodging traffic , she hurry back to Richard . peggy Richard ! they do not have any ! they never hear of they ! be not that wonderful ? richard what be you talk about ? peggy the wave of the future ! I have decide on we first fortune ! I will see you later . you just think high tech . richard High tech . I like the sound of that . ext . appliance store '' dusk at the back be a small record department , complete with a listen booth . Charlie be wait on a customer . Peggy enter . charlie' father be wait on a buxom young woman , he arm around she shoulder . he turn around as she enter . she have a shock of recognition . mr. bodell ( to young woman ) look at that freezer chest . what capacity . ( to Peggy , embarrassed ) hello Peggy Sue . peggy Woody ! how ya do ? mr. bodell Fine , just fine . Peggy give he a big hug and a kiss on the cheek . peggy Nice to see you . mr. bodell Charlie 's in the back . Peggy walk towards the back as Mr. bodell explain : mr. bodell my future daughter—in—law . very affectionate girl . int . record dept . '' appliance store Charlie talk to on elderly gentleman . gentleman I will just take the ravel . charlie take the shostakovich home and listen to it . let it grow on you . everyone that 's buy it have come back and say , " this be definitive shostakovich . thank you for encourage I to investigate it . " gentleman well , I do enjoy the dvorak you suggest . Young man , you talk I into it . Charlie point Peggy to the listen booth . charlie you will like it . I kid you not . int . listening booth Peggy sit on the chair . a turntable sit on a small desk . record cover decorate the wall . Charlie enter and sit on the desk , he foot rest on Peggy 's chair . peggy what do you know about classical music ? charlie nothing .. selling be sell . peggy Charlie . about last night .. charlie forget it . I have be think . Girls must go through that stuff too . sometimes when I look at you I feel like a animal . maybe my dad 's right . teenager be nut . peggy but I be not . I be a grow woman with a lifetime of emotional experience you could not possibly understand . charlie yeah , I know . Girls mature faster than guy . but last night , I be the one who put on the brake . and you know why ? peggy why ? Charlie cup she face in he hand , pour out he heart . charlie because nothing else matter . that 's the great thing about love . every time we argue , every time something go wrong , and I know that I be not perfect either , thing just work out better in the end . Cause you be my baby and I love you . peggy what be I go to do with you ? charlie do not be cruel to a heart that 's true . int . kelcher hat store kelcher be hat - late afternoon alone in the store , Mr. kelcher be go through some receipt . Peggy enter carry a shopping bag . peggy hi , dad . mr. kelcher do some shopping ? Peggy reach into the shopping bag and pull out a small wrap box . mr. kelcher for I ? peggy open it . he open the present . Inside be a pair of miniature golf ball cufflink . mr. kelcher sweetheart , they be beautiful . but they must have be expensive . across the street a ice cream truck pull up . mother , father and child crowd around the back as the driver exit the cab . peggy I close my Christmas club . mr. kelcher good , you get you money out of that greedy bank . peggy I want to apologize for this morning . mr. kelcher it 's hard to believe you be go to be eighteen . ( look out the window ) want a eskimo pie ? or a creamsicle ? I would come home from the store and there 's little you run up to I . I would give you a dime and you would promise never to grow up . peggy quiet today ? mr. kelcher this morning be good . peggy the hat business be in trouble . mr. kelcher I , that what all that nonsense be about this morning ? you be worried about my business ? peggy yes . mr. kelcher that 's very thoughtful , honey . it 's just a slump . thing will pick up . peggy but when John f. Kennedy 's elect President , I n'1l stop wear hat . mr. kelcher Kennedy 's a Catholic . he will never win . peggy ( gravely ; close she eye ) he will win . mr. kelcher Richard Nixon 's go to be President . Nixon wear hat . int . nancy'' room Peggy be help she sister Nancy with a art project . nancy you think this will cheer dad up ? peggy of course , he will love it . you be a terrific artist . we hear Mr. kelcher argue loudly from downstairs . the two girl freeze . mr. kelcher ( o.s. ) I do not need you charity . I do not need you grandmother 's jewelry or you parent money - —how could you do that ? mrs . kelcher please do not shout . Peggy open the door , Nancy cautiously behind . mr. kelcher ( o.s. ) I be not shouting . have we ever starve ? have we ever miss a mea1 ? int . downstair '' peggy's Pov : Mrs. kelcher move around the room , close the window . mrs . kelcher do everybody have to hear ? mr. kelcher I want everybody to hear because I do not have anything to be ashamed of . Mr. kelcher collapse into he barcalounger , red as a bett . mrs . kelcher Jack , I be just try to help . mr. kelcher we will make it , we will be fine . int . nancy'' room Nancy be frighten . nancy do this mean we be go to be poor ? Peggy lead she back into she room without let she parent know they be there . int . peggy's room we hear the song " Stranger in paradise " from kismet on the old black and white record player from open scene . Peggy sit on the floor , surround by stocking , leotard and a sewing basket . she cut the leg oft a pair of leotard . in one hand she hold up the top half of the leotard , in the other hand , a pair of nylon stocking . we hear a knock on the bedroom door . Peggy push everything under the bed as maddy and Carol enter . carol all right . what 's the scoop ? peggy on what ? maddy how come we be you best friend and we have to find out about you and Michael fitzsimmon from dolore ? peggy she 's unbelievable . who need satellite when we have get dolore 's mouth ? carol I hear she do more than talk with she mouth . maddy that 's disgusting ! carol ( brush she hair ) ) oh , maddy , grow up . it say in love without fear that " the tongue kiss as a mean of genital stimulation be widely practice and have much to commend it " . page eighty—six . peggy do you memorize the whole book or only the good part ? carol just what you underline . peggy you be kid ...? Carol , you have beautiful hair . carol come on . what 's with you and Michael ? maddy yeah . he 's so cool and mysterious . peggy he 's very interesting . for all he pretend to be a tough guy , he 's really get the soul of a poet . carol I bet dolore tell Charlie . peggy that loudumouth little bitch ~ maddy Peggy Sue ! carol you better watch out for she . she 's after Charlie . peggy cool it kid . he 's free to see other girl , if he want . maddy but I always think that you would marry Charlie , Carol would marry walter , and I would marry Arthur . we would all live on the same street and take we kid to the park together and have barbecue every Sunday . it will spoil everything if you and Charlie break up . that Michael do not look like the barbecue type . peggy I be not go to marry he . I just go out with he once . ( beat ) I know ! why do not we go to the movie tonight . just we girl . it will be fun . carol do not be silly . it 's Saturday . date night ! maddy yeah . I have gotta go . Arthur 's pick I up soon . peggy okay . but let 's have a girl night soon . maybe a pajama party . carol be not we a little old for that ? maddy sometimes you be so immature . int . kelcher live room - night Peggy turn to face she parent , hold up she home—made pantyhose with a flourish . peggy ta da ! pantyhose ! the death of the garter belt ! of course , once they be manufacture they will look better than this . what do you think ? mr. kelcher this be you great invention ? ( to Mrs. kelcher ) would you wear that thing ? mrs . kelcher would they go over my girdle or under ? peggy instead of a girdle . and light as a feather . mrs . kelcher . Jack , I think she 's get something there . peggy and we will not just sell they in department store . we will market they in drug store and supermarket . mr. kelcher that 's all well and good , but we do not have the money to manufacture they . peggy you need a partner . there 's a friend of mine at school whose father make seat cover for car , Mr. fitzsimmon . I have invite he and he family over for dinner tomorrow night . mrs . kelcher be not that awfully forward ? peggy we have get to move fast . this be a idea whose time have come . mr. kelcher you mean to tell I that you invite this Mr. fitzsimmon over to talk about invest he money in you cockamamie idea ? peggy wrong , dad . you idea . int . peggy's bedroom '' night a breeze blow through the open window Peggy sleep fitfully , toss off the cover . we hear noise from outside she window . a figure appear outside and silently climb into the bedroom . Peggy mumble Charlie 's name . the man walk over to she bed as Peggy reach out for he , tenderly , as if they be still marry . peggy Charlie . I just have the strangest dream . charlie ( whisper ) I have to talk to you .. through she sleep—clouded eye , Peggy begin to focus on the face of the young Charlie . suddenly , she remember . peggy what be you do here ? charlie ( angry ) let 's go down to the basement . int . basement Peggy enter , flick on the light and lead Charlie in . Peggy sense Charlie 's anger , and steel herself for the inevitable confrontation . charlie I want to know what 's go on . dolore tell I that you and that scuzzball Michael fitzsimmon ... peggy I bump into he after you drop I off last night . I do not feel like go home , so we go for a ride . charlie ( furious ) then it 's true , dammit ! I have a miserable time tonight ' cause of you . when the monotone do " Book of Love —— chapter four you break up , will not you give it just one more chance ... " I be think do we break up ? ' Cause if we do , I do not even know about it !. I think we clear all that up yesterday . do that maynard G. beatnik give you what you want ? peggy you know I never could stand you sarcasm . charlie you be go to blow it , Peggy Sue . nobody treat Charlie bodell like this . peggy and why do you always refer to yourself in the third person , like napoleon ? how come it always turn into a argument with you ? charlie look , I have get the hair , get the eye , get the tooth , I get the car . I be the lead singer , I be the man . peggy Charlie , . I have be try to postpone this . but what 's the point ? it 's over . ( cry ) I do not want to hurt you . this be very hard for I . I be do this for both of we . I really want you to be happy . charlie I will be happy if I have you . I love you . peggy that will not make any difference . we just can not live together . and you have the nerve to drive up with that bimbo Janet . charlie what be you talk about ? who 's Janet ? peggy I just can not trust you anymore . charlie what about everything I say to you this afternoon ... peggy that 's just it . you can always get to I . there 's this window in my heart and every time I leave it open , you climb in . unless I close it now , nothing 's ever go to be different ! charlie but what have to be different ? peggy everything . I have a good head for business , I should be franchise the bakery . and I want you to give I you word that whatever happen , you will go to college . and finish . charlie what ! what about the group and my sing career ? what about I ? peggy I be try to save you year of frustration ... wait for a big break ... no . wait for that big disappointment so you could blame it all on I . charlie you do not know zip ! you think I be go to end up sell appliance like my father ? Chasing woman around the store . I have get to give it a shot . why be you try to kill the two thing that mean the most to I ? until yesterday you love I and you love we . ( open the door ) ) what the hell have change ? for two year I have do nothing but love you . I will show you , I be go to be just like fabian ! Charlie exit . Peggy slump back , drain . get up , she cross to the mount swordfish . stand on a chair she reach into the mouth of the fish and pull out a package of pall mall . she put a cigarette in she mouth and pick up a table lighter and flick it . as it light , the tiny music box inside plays smoke get in you eye . int . kelcher kitchen - morning we hear distant church bell . Peggy sit down to scan the large Sunday newspaper . see she mother 's phone book , she find the number she need and pick up the phone . she dial slowly . peggy ( very nervous ) hello , grandma . it 's Peggy sue. much better . how be you ? I be very sorry about the other day . ext . STREET '' approaching richard's house Peggy jog towards Richard . he be water the front lawn . peggy ( breathless ) hi , Richard . richard what be you do ? peggy jogging . I be run , now I be jogging . richard that 's what you be talk about yesterday ? everybody do that in the future ? peggy yep . it 's go to be a law . ( beat ) I break up with Charlie last night . richard that 's terrific . you do it . you really change the course of you destiny . peggy it be a unfair fight . he do not have a chance . I be take a real gamble . I love he for a long , long time . richard cheer up . now you can give some other guy a shot . make it up to he later and buy he a yacht . peggy for God 's sake , forget the money ! I be go crazy ! I be a walk anachronism . I be a puddle of deja I be worried about my kid , Scott must be scared to death , I think my daughter 's do drug again . I can not have any fun here , I do not have that innocence any more . I can not keep all this in anymore . I feel like I be go to explode . richard look , the best scientific mind in this country be work on you case . May I make a suggestion ? peggy like what ? richard ( excited ) suggestion ! hypnotic suggestion ! why do not I think o~ that before ? peggy what do you know about hypnosis ? richard everything . this be perfect . the subconscious mind remember all . you can give I more information on microchip and then pinpoint what happen at the reunion . maybe that will give we a clue on how to get you back . peggy look , I be desperate . I will try anything . but what if you can not snap I out of it ? richard no offense , but you be pretty out of it now . int . richard's garage Peggy sit in a old recliner . Richard hold a small , batterymoperate revolve disc up in front of Peggy 's close eye , then put it down and pick up a notepad and pen . richard you be completely relaxed . when I count to three , you will open you eye . one ... two ... three . ( Peggy 's eye flutter open ) we will start with something easy . what be you name ? peggy ( trance—like ) Peggy Sue kelcher. ( beat ) or , Peggy bodell. ( beat ) I be not sure . richard oh boy . Peggy , what be microchip ? peggy ah ..... they be very tiny ... they look like a fingernail make out of a erector set ... richard what will they be make of ? peggy I think it 's call silicon . Charlie tell I that . richard silicon be from sand . peggy we be lie in the sand . it be my eighteenth birthday ... we be so awkward ... I would have marry he anyway ... Peggy start to shift in the chair . her short hike up , she leg spread slightly . this be not lose on Richard . weird , guttural sound begin to emanate from he throat . richard in the future , will you have to marry a girl before you have sex with she ? peggy no . the pill will change all that . then he would not have blame I . we be just too young . richard you mean you will give a girl a pill and she will want to have sex ? peggy no . the pill will be for birth control . but girl do like sex . maybe not the first time . richard will you take of for you blouse ? peggy yes , every day . ( take she blouse off '' get space ) maybe I should not have wear that dress ? I tell Beth it be a bad idea . that 's why they make I Queen . Peggy 's meander make Richard nervous . man' voice ( o.s. ) Richard , be you in there ? Richard frantically try to put Peggy 's blouse back on . she 's limp and unresponsive . richard ( shouting ) no ! yes ! I will be right out , dad. ( urgent ) oh shit ! Peggy , I be go to snap you out of it . peggy I could not help it —— I love he . richard one ... two ... three. ( clap twice ) you be now awake . Richard kneel on top of Peggy as she wake up , fumble the button at she breast . Peggy come to , as Richard jump off . she button she blouse , furious . peggy Richard ! you should be ashamed of yourself . richard I ? you go crazy ! you start take you clothes off . I be put they back on for you . peggy that 's just perfect be not it ? do it work ? do you find out why I come back ? richard I think it have something to do with you birthday . you be rambling . I do not understand the rest . peggy God dammit ! how be I gonna get out of here ? Peggy grab a glass beaker and hurl it against the wall . richard hey ! do you have any idea how much that beaker cost ? I usually charge for hypnosis . peggy oh , go feel up you hamster ! I hear rodent put out . Peggy storm out . int . kelcher house Mrs. kelcher stand at the counter prepare a pot roast . Peggy 's make a chocolate mousse . mrs . kelcher you know , dear , I think the pantyhose be a wonderful idea , but the next time you come up with something , please do not stay out all night . just tell we . we will believe you . peggy Mom , how about a machine that 's like you blender , only it slice vegetable , knead dough , chop meat and even make fresh pasta ? mrs kelcher what 's pasta ? int . kelcher dine room Peggy and Mrs. kelcher be set the table , take the good china out of the cabinet . a dozen red rose grace the table . mrs . kelcher this rose be beautiful . and so romantic ' . who be this Michael ? be he a friend of Charlie 's ? she move the jell -o mold . peggy no , just a friend of mine . I do not think he like jell—o. mrs . kelcher what do Charlie think about that ? peggy you know Mom , it 's okay to have male friend . besides , it 's over with I and Charlie . mrs . kelcher ( shocked ) what ? when do it happen ? you dad and I always expect you two to get marry . peggy yeah , I know Peggy Sue get marry . case close . period . Mom , if you could live you life over again , would you do the same thing ? get marry and settle down after high school ? mrs kelcher of course I love you lather . I remember once be offer a scholarship to art school . but I turn it down . peggy why ? mrs . kelcher all the college girl I know be so well , dress . I be worried that I would not fit in . I do not have the right clothes . I be so silly . but , I do not have many regret , and besides , be do not have time to worry about the past . but Charlie . I hope you know what you be do . int . dine room '' two hour later Michael , doris and ed fitisimmon sit at the table with the kelcher . they have just finish dessert . mr. fitisimmon moose ? I never think I would have moose for desert . the adult laugh . Michael look bored . mr. kelcher Peggy Sue cook the whole dinner . nancy but Mom help . mr. fitisimmon you know , you should open a restaurant . peggy it 's incredibly difficult to make money in the restaurant business . you have to get up at five in the morning to go to the market , you have problem with spoilage , employee pilferage , and just try and collect from the credit card company . they take month to pay . the whole table be astonished . mr. fitisimmon how do a young gal like you know so much about business ? peggy oh , I just pick it up from my dad . he 's a wonderful businessman . mr. fitisimmon really ? Peggy give she father a go get he look . Michael 's write in a pocket notebook . mr. kelcher ah , Ed , why do not you and I adjourn to the de for a while ? ext . kelcher house Peggy ~ and Michael stand by Michael 's motorcycle , pass a cigarette . michael that be quite a evening . bourgeois , phony , decadent , stupid . peggy I should not have put you through that . it must have be agony . let 's do something . Michael make a move towards Peggy , with lust in he eye . peggy no. something else . I be too full . besides , it 's a school night . ext . ghetto STREET - night Michael and Peggy pull up on the motorcycle in front of lena 's Lounge , a seedy bar in the town 's black ghetto . half a dozen black be bang around outside . they eye Peggy and Michael suspiciously . int . lena's lounge the room have a bar at one side , booth and table in the rest of the room . a stage be at the far end . on stage , a all black group , the fourkmation , be perform the song good timin ' the people in the club be dance the twist . Peggy and Michael sit in the last booth . several people wave hello to Michael .. although Peggy and Michael can see the stage , they booth be not visible from the stage . michael five more week of school . and ten minute past graduation I be go . ( he raise he glass ) to freedom . peggy ( look around at the crowd '' clinking glass ) for everyone . michael now listen , this be the plan . as soon as school be finish we go to Utah and ... peggy Utah ? I think you would be go to New York or Paris . what 's in Utah ? michael rita . I meet she last summer . she 's cool . you will really dig she . she 's get this great little cabin in the hill , just outside of provo where she raise chicken . I will write and the two of you can take care of the chicken to support we . peggy ( astound ) I can not do that . michael why not ? polygamy 's legal in Utah . peggy I hate chicken . angle '' the stage on stage , the fourdnation have conclude they song . we hear applause . singer thank you . now we be happy to introduce , a friend of ours . he 's one damn fine singer , Mr. Charlie dell ! we hear the grove begin the song sea of love . michael but what about the other night ? we be like two star in the same constellation . peggy Michael , you and I be light year apart . you should go , but not with I . michael but we have heat baby . Passion ! Fire ! we owe it to ourselves to fuse together . ( beat ) at least one more time . peggy that 's a terrific line . you be go to be a wonderful writer . michael you think so ? peggy yes . we have a glorious night together . one day you will remember and write about it . michael I can dig that . bittersweet perfection . dog of lust on leash of memory ... yeah . suddenly distract by the familiar voice , Peggy look up to the stage and see that the lead singer , Charlie Bell , be in fact , Charlie bodell . peggy's Pov : the stage '' charlie singing peggy ( 0.s. ) it 's Charlie ! michael ( 0.s. ) what a treat . intercut - charlie singing '' with reaction of peggy and michael . Michael observe Peggy 's intimate reaction to Charlie 's sing . michael now I get it . peggy ssh . he 's great . michael Peggy Sue 's still stick on treble without a cause . Charlie finish the song as the audience go wild . he beam . peggy I think I know everything about he . michael can we split now ? Peggy and Michael unobtrusively slip out of the club . Charlie leave the stage . he 's meet by a greasy look man . they sit down at a booth to talk . ext . kelcher house '' night Michael and Peggy pull up . Peggy get off the bike and give Michael a good—night kiss . michael I can dig you be uptight about rita and Utah . that 's cool . but I have get to warn you about something . peggy what ? michael my father . he 's not just the ultimate square . he 's a total crook . int . kelcher kitchen Mrs. kelcher finish the dish , with rubber glove on . Mr. kelcher sit , clean he pipe . Peggy enter . peggy how do it go with the pantyhose ? mr. kelcher it 's the darndest thing . Ed know what they be immediately . as a matter of fact , he say he 's get a product like that in development right now . peggy oh no ! mr. kelcher do not call , they pantyhose , though . what be it , Evelyn ? mrs . kelcher sheerotard . catchy name , be not it ? like leotard . peggy he 's a liar ! he have no such thing ! it 's my own fault . I should have have it patent first . he 's a crook , damnit . mr. kelcher Peggy Sue , watch you mouth . mrs . kelcher Mr. fitzsimmon be a very prominent man . peggy oh , you be both so naive . mr. kelcher look young lady , I grow up through the depression . I fight in the second World War . six day a week I get up and deal with the public , the bank and the bill collector . and on the seventh day , when God rest , I do not have to listen to my daughter call I a fool ! mrs . kelcher you have a point , dear . int . peggy's room ( poss . omit this scene ) Peggy lie in bed in the darkness , she eye wide open . the bedside clock read : 2:47 . Peggy get out of bed . camera track Peggy into Nancy 's room . Peggy look down at Nancy sleep . gently pull back the blanket , Peggy get into bed with she . ext . charlie' STREET '' morning Peggy walk down a residential street , much like she parent ' . she stop when she see Charlie 's car park in a driveway , and lean against a tree next to he car . moment later , Charlie exit he house , a dog trail behind he . the dog run up to Peggy . Charlie be wary and distant . charlie what be you do here ? peggy I want to talk to you , and I have one last thing to take care of at school . then I be go to ... ( pat dog ) good dog , rusty . good dog . charlie rusty 's dead . that 's ajax Charlie throw a stick . ajax chase it , never come back . peggy oh . I guess I always like rusty better . ( beat ) could you give I a ride to school ? charlie sorry , the Blue Thunder 's out of commission for a while . peggy well , how about a walk , Charlie Bell .. charlie how would you know about that ? peggy I be at lena 's last night . you be terrific . charlie not terrific enough . what be you do in that part of town ? who be you with ? peggy what be you do there ? you never tell I you be sing with a R and B group . charlie hey . I guess there 's a lot of thing we do not know about each other . Charlie and Peggy walk . peggy I would forget how much music mean to you . charlie that 's real big of you . peggy stop be defensive . I want to help you . I write a song for you . charlie you be kid . you write a song ? be it about a guilty girl and a trust guy ... she want to hurt he , and he wonder why ? Peggy take a piece of paper from she purse . peggy not exactly , but with you great voice , it will be a huge hit . honest . charlie fat chance . you know , Lee Wilkins come to hear I last night . he tell I to forget it . you tell I to forget it . my parent tell I to forget it . peggy just take a look at it . ( hand he the lyric ) charlie if you take the trouble to write it , then sure , I will take a look at it . but I be beginning to think that maybe there 's more to life than music . I wonder if people would still like I if I stop be Mr. excitement ? int . school hallway Peggy and Charlie stand by they open locker . charlie do this mean you like I again ? peggy it mean I care about you and what happen to you . charlie that 's all I want to hear . ' Cause I be never go to give up on we . it 's easy to fall apart in a crisis . it 's easy to be selfish and say goodbye and good luck . but this be more than love . this be a mental decision . just wait till tomorrow , when you see you birthday present . then you will understand . Charlie walk away as Peggy reach into the locker for she book . carol Peggy , I have to talk to you . Peggy turn to Carol . they walk down the hallway together . peggy what 's the matter ? carol it 's that jerk walter . peggy what happen ? carol after Charlie tell walter that he break up with you because he want to play the field , walter decide he should do the same thing . peggy welcome to the singles ' scene . carol what a I go to do for the rest of my life ? I do not have a boyfriend anymore . peggy look , Carol , maybe walter 's do you a big favor . you always say you want to get out of town . go for it . and be happy , goddamnit , I be root for you . another angle walter walk up to Charlie . walter hey Charlie , what do you think of this ? walter do a totally dement dance step , finish by strumm he leg like a guitar . he stand there grin . charlie walter , maybe you should be a dentist . int . classroom Peggy sit at she desk , organize she book . we hear the end of the announcement over the p.a. system . mr. mosey ( v.0 . ) and finally , we heartiest congratulation to we girl diving team for place second in the county final last Friday . and a special accolade to rosalie testa who place first in every one of she event . we be proud of you , rosalie . everybody turn toward rosalie and applaud . Peggy turn to rosalie , tremble . the bell ring as the class start to leave , still crowded around rosalie . Peggy stare after she , freeze in she seat dolore approach . dolore what 's the matter , princess ? lose you prince ? Peggy look up at dolore and start to seethe . she stand up slowly and face dolore . peggy you know dolore , there 's a lot of thing I could say to you , but you be not worth the effort . Peggy reach down to up she book . on the top of the pile be a open fountain pen , which she pick up , pul1 the release lever , squirting ink all over dolore 's dress . dolore drop she book , look down at she dress , horrify . peggy sorry . this fountain pen be so tricky . dolore ( scream ) oh ! you do that on purpose ! I hate you . go gargle with razor blade ! peggy I beg you pardon ? dolore take a long walk on a short pier . peggy have a nice day . int . girl ' locker room Peggy sit disconsolate on a bench , watch the other girl change into they swim suit . rosalie be in the shower room , wetting down she suit . she accept congratulation from a number of the girl . the bell ring as the girl begin to exit to the pool . peggy rosalie ! wait ! rosalie turn at the door , smile . they be alone . rosalie what 's up ? peggy I think you should give up diving . it 's dangerous . rosalie do not be silly , I be the best in the county . peggy I know you be , but you have to stop . I could not tell you before , I do not know if I should . but you have to stop before you hurt yourself . rosalie I spend three hour a day practice . I have trainer , I know what I be do . peggy but accident can happen . rosalie not to I they do not . I be go to win the State , then the . national , and then I be go to the Olympic . peggy rosalie , please , listen to I ! you have to stop . rosalie you be sick . you should go to the nurse . I be go to tell miss Dennis . rosalie exit into the pool area . Peggy feel helpless . int . hallway Peggy walk down the hall , a set of double door , lead to the pool , just ahead of she through they she see rosalie diving through the air with the careless innocence of youth . burden with the inevitability of it all , she rush through the hall , and be stop by Richard . richard what 's the matter ? peggy it 's all , go wrong , nothing 's work out . richard not true . I think I be make real progress on the microchip . peggy you be mean to . you be one of that fortunate people that good thing happen to . I have to get out of here . she start to walk away . richard Peggy , I believe you . I believe everything you tell I . it 's wonderful . you be the exception that prove the rule . she kiss he on the forehead . peggy I love you too , Richard . thanks for try . she continue down the hallway . ext . auditorium - day Peggy head out the door , see Charlie . charlie hey , Peggy . wait a minute . Peggy stop on the landing . Charlie join she , so eager . he do not notice how distraught she be . charlie I cut shop and do some work on you song . you know , it 's not half bad for you first try . of course , I change all the " yeah " to " ooh " . listen to this . Charlie begin to sing a r&amp ; B version of she love you . peggy forget it , it will never work . charlie okay . listen , I cancel the ticket for fabian . I think it would be better for you birthday to eat at a nice restaurant , chez tres . walter , Arthur , maddy and Carol watch as Peggy run away . int . / ext . bus or train - highway intercut the bus , Peggy look out the window , the rural scenery : pasture , barn , etc. , the other passenger . ext . station Peggy 's grandparent , elizabeth and barney alvorg , wait in the front of the station . int . bus Peggy see she grandparent wait for she . she grip the window rail tightly , try to hold herself together . bus driver everybody gettin ' off at dumont . here we be . Peggy stand and reach above to take down she suitcase . nervous , she drop it . a man , get off the bus , help she , pick it up . peggy thank you . man no trouble at all . the man get off the bus . ext . general store Peggy stand at the door of the bus , hesitant . Elizabeth and barney approach the bus , wave and smile up at she . barney hello , lilla ! elizabeth Peggy Sue ! Peggy slowly walk down the step , move to tear . she approach she grandparent and drop she suitcase . she hug they tightly . the bus door close and the bus pull away behind they . int . car '' drive barney be behind the wheel of a 1951 plymouth . Elizabeth be in front , Peggy curl up in the back , regress . barney quite a bit more rain than usual this year . I hope it do not spoil the rhubarb . elizabeth I have already get some in . I be think of make a pie for dinner tonight . ( turn around to Peggy ) how would you like that ? peggy ( like a little girl ) fine. ( beat ) ) grandma , would you teach I how to make strudel ? elizabeth that 's a day 's work . but if that 's what you want , maybe we can do it tomorrow for you birthday . int . farmhouse / kitchen - night Peggy and Elizabeth finish up the dish , chat . int . live room a fire blaze in the fireplace . a grandfather clock stand prominently in the room . the clock from Peggy 's house . Peggy sit with Elizabeth , learn how to knit . barney laugh at " the burn and Allen show " on tv . suddenly , Peggy place she hand over she heart and shiver with fear . barney what 's the matter , lilla ? somebody jump on you grave ? Peggy shiver again and shake she head . int . live room - later barney read . Elizabeth enter , carry a tray with cup of cocoa . they each take a cup . elizabeth you know , Peggy Sue , you mother say you have a dream that I die . peggy I wish she have not . elizabeth I be not afraid . I know exactly when I be go to die . Peggy be perplex by she grandmother 's apparent lack of fear . barney what 's it go to be , Elizabeth ? seventy—five ? eighty ? elizabeth I be not tell . barney I have be try to drag it out of she for year . ( beat ) you know , dream be fascinating business . ' specially where you see the future . peggy do you believe in all of that ? barney well , I like to speculate . this book I be read right now , a woman in Colorado say she live in Ireland a hundred and fifty year ago . her name be bridey Murphy - and she give name and date and where she live . she be hypnotize . Big bestseller . peggy I remember that book ! ( beat ) grandpa , grandma , I want to tell you something . ext . farmhouse kitchen '' day Peggy and Elizabeth be make strudel . elizabeth if you believe it , darling , then I believe . be young can be just as confusing as be old . the thing that happen to I fifty year ago be more on my mind than what happen yesterday . peggy but I be remember the future . elizabeth right now you be just browsing through time . choose the thing you will be proud of . the thing that last . peggy my child make I happy . I miss they so much . ( beat ) beth. Scott and beth. ( beat ) I be go to name my daughter after you . ext . farmhouse driveway '' dusk Peggy and barney be wash the car at a standpipe , two hundred foot from the house . barney it 's gonna rain again . every time I wash the car , it rain . peggy that never change . ( beat ) you know , when you and grandma be go , the family 's go . I never see the cousin anymore . barney it 's you grandma 's strudel that 's keep this family together . peggy grandpa , if you have a chance to do it all again , what would you do ? barney ( jaw ) I would take better care of my tooth . int . live room Elizabeth be tie barney 's bow tie . Peggy be sit with a jacket on . elizabeth what 's Peggy Sue go to do at you lodge meeting ? barney it 's she 18th birthday , I want to show she off . barney turn and wink at Peggy . peggy it be my idea , grandma . I always wonder what go on at that lodge meeting . elizabeth he will not tell I , but I have get my suspicion . and I do not want any of that . do not keep she out late . barney let 's go . peggy ( hugging Elizabeth ) good—bye , grandma . elizabeth have a good time . barney and Peggy open the door and exit . ext . farmhouse driveway Peggy and barney approach the car . peggy what do grandma think you do at you meeting ? barney stag movie . smoker . Peggy chuckle as they get into the car . the car proceed along the driveway and turn onto the highway . int . car '' drive barney be at the wheel . barney I may be a old fool , but I think we can help you . peggy I hope so . at least I get to see you and grandma . ( beat ) have it ever work before ? barney the last one be six hundred year ago . it 's about time for another one . int . lodge - night a one—story , pitch—roof building . the sign over the entrance read . : the order of the golden dawn . underneath the sign be a logo of a spread sunrise . Peggy and barney pull up to the front , exit the car and enter the building . int . lodge '' anteroom thirty old man be congregate around the cloak room . most be already dress in long , purple robe with the sunrise logo over they heart . they either wear or carry tri—corner hat . Peggy and barney enter . several man approach they . Peggy nervously cling to barney ' 's arm . GEORGE welcome , Peggy Sue . it 's nice to have you with we . peggy thank you . henry you know , you be a lucky girl . you could lay a bear trap in the aisle of the cathedral and never catch a better man than you grandfather . peggy ah ... thank you . barney let I take you jacket , lilla . I have get , to get my robe . Peggy hand he she jacket as he head over to the cloak , room . al you know , this be very exciting for all of we . GEORGE we have be wait a long time for someone like you . barney rejoin they , wear he hat and robe . the group begin to enter the main room . peggy ( nervous ) do you have to wear that hat ? barney it would not be a lodge without hat . barney take she hand and squeeze it . they walk slowly through the doorway . barney do not you worry . I will be watch after you . int . lodge '' MAIN room a large meeting hall . the room be drape , and brightly light with fluorescent light . at one end sit a large , gold— paint wood throne . on either side be large candle holder , with light candle . a small table serve as a altar in front of the platform . on a footstool be a pot plane with a artificial bird perch on its top . the throne and altar look like a set leave over from a summer stock " macbeth " . Peggy and barney enter . several man lead Peggy away from barney to the throne . one man place a go1den cape around she shoulder . they lead she up the platform to the throne . henry hey , George . get the light . the light be dimmed . the room be light by the candle . the man form a semi—circle around Peggy . Old man at the end of they life , they be serious and passionate about the possibility of life beyond this world . one by one , four man from either end of the line approach the altar with offering : a cup of wine ; a egg ; a gold coin ; and a rise . the man rejoin the line . leo cooper , a tall , white_haired man , take two step forward . the other man begin to sing a gregorian chant . leo ( to Peggy ) be you ready , dear ? peggy yes , sir . Leo step back , close he eye and spread he arm . peggy fasten you seat belt . here we go . leo Lord of the Universe , vast and mighty one . ruler of Light , King of ~ the sun . creator of earth , air , fire and water . ( kneel down ) we adore thee and invoke thee ! grant thine aid . look with favor upon we as we witness the regeneration of man . we behold the innocent endeavor of single—minded man and woman . for we be the company of unbody soul and immortal angel . we ask thy intervention , that this girl may return to thee on the wing of you Love . peggy ( sotto ) this be never go to work . the old man form a circle in front of Peggy . they begin to circumambulate east to west , intone together , they head bow . as barney pass in front of Peggy , he wink at she . she smile back . men fount of life , chariot of the Spirit , womb of the mother , reclaim thy child of light . we hear a clap of distant thunder . Peggy tremble . the artificial bird fall off the plant . Peggy be strike with amazement . she begin to glow , poise to take off . the man continue to chant while : leo ( o.s. ) the name of you love be sacrifice . we offer up this girl , that she soul may find its home . suddenly a door be open , a gust of wind pour in and extinguish the candle , plunging the hall into darkness . leo ( 0.s. ) nothing to worry about . somebody get the light . the light be turned on . all the man look to the throne . Peggy be go . they be speechless for a couple of beat . GEORGE ( chipper ) well , the girl 's go . let 's play some poker . close on barney '' he smile , happy that she make it . George cross to the wall , reach behind the drape and press a button . the wall slide open to reveal a fully—equipped card room . the man shuffle in . ext . behind the lodge Charlie carry Peggy off towards he car , one hand cover she mouth . Peggy struggle . when they reach the car , he put she down . she 's still wrap in she golden robe . peggy what the hell do you do that for ? what be you do here ? charlie I be try to save you . they be go to vaporize you . peggy do not be ridiculous ! they be just a bunch of harmless old man . my grandfather be in there . charlie you be go to listen to I . Charlie try to lead Peggy into the car . peggy I be not get in that blue monstrosity . Charlie push she inside , Peggy climb back out . Charlie take she hand and drag she up a hill behind the lodge hall . peggy let I get ! where be you take I ? charlie right here . now sit down . Charlie sit she down on the ground . she 's impatient and hopping mad . charlie look . I wanna tell you . I forgive you for everything . I know what you have be go through . you be just scared . I be scared , too , but I be not anymore . peggy how could you possibly know what I have be go through ? Thunder and lightning . it start to rain . charlie because I love you , damnit ! I have a long talk with you father yesterday and we decide that the best thing for we to do be get marry and settle down . right away . Peggy jump up , explode to Charlie . peggy what do you mean you and my father decide ? who the hell be you to plan my life ? let 's get marry and live happily ever after . bullshit . I get knock up . I have to marry you . I never have a choice . charlie what ? peggy you betrayed I , Charlie . you be never there for I or the child . and now you come and tell I , " Peggy , you be scared . " of course I be scared . if you know what I know you would be scared shitless . charlie you be crazy ! you be really out of you mind ! peggy I might be crazy , but I be not crazy enough to marry you twice . there 's a lot of thing I can not change . I can not even think about they . I try . but I could not even help rosalie . ( tear start ) I do not want to be bitter . I be a naturally optimistic person . but you take advantage of that . Charlie bend down to comfort she , in tear . he hug Peggy and stroke she hair . charlie oh , Peggy . my poor Peggy . it 's all my fault . I be so sorry . I will not bother you anymore . I promise . please stop cry . please . Peggy start to compose herself . peggy will you take I back to my grandparent ? charlie of course . Charlie help she up . be reach into he pocket and take out a small box , hand it to Peggy . charlie it 's almost you birthday . I be not sure when you be come back , so I bring you present up here . with a slow , grow remembrance , Peggy open the box . Inside be the gold locket Peggy be wear at the reunion . peggy ( anguish ) oh , Charlie . charlie it open , too . look inside . Peggy open the locket . she shiver with recognition . insert - locket two photo , one of Peggy , one of Charlie , as child . peggy Scott and Beth . where do you get this ? charm E who 's Scott and Beth ? you mother give I we picture . that 's you and I . peggy so be Scott and Beth . Peggy lean into Charlie , throw she arm around he , hold on for dear life . she look up at he , they forehead touch . charlie ( tenderly ) I love you . peggy I know . Charlie kiss she , passionately . the locket drop to the ground . hold on the locket , and ... dissolve : ext . on the hill - later Charlie and Peggy be lie on the ground , gaze up . a flash of lightning streak across the sky . charlie I think we should get out of here . it 's go to rain . peggy ( muse ) do you think anybody in the fifty ever make love on a bed ? charlie what the hell be that ? Flying high above they be a enormous , glow , liquid neon kite . the center of the kite inscribe in light , flash like a marquee : happy birthday peggy sue . the kite begin to descend towards they . Peggy jump to she foot and race towards it . she grab the tail and start to sail away with the kite . Charlie chase after she . charlie Peggy ! where be you go ? come back ! peggy I have get to go now . charlie but I love you . I will love you forever . peggy I will love you , too , Charlie . I will love you for twenty year . charlie come back to I . peggy I be try . as Charlie watch helplessly , a huge bolt of lightning strike he car . Peggy smile . the man from the lodge run outside . they look up and above the blaze car and see Peggy float away . Peggy see she grandfather in the crowd and blow he a kiss . Charlie begin to run , follow the kite cord to its source . he find Richard , struggle to restrain the runaway kite . charlie Richard , do something ! richard I can not ! it 's out of control ! suddenly the cord break . Peggy float away . charlie Peggy ! Charlie , Richard and the old man behold Peggy , bob and dip playfully in the sky . we begin to hear Charlie 's voice sing " Peggy Sue " o.s. Peggy look down with wonder at the earth , and then like a comet , soar into the blackness . in a instant she become a star . final scene dissolve / optical hospital room - day move from two to c.u . Peggy , fragment of the reunion , the cake come towards she , fragment of word in echo effect : ' you heart stop for a while ... " Father 's voice : ' you be a very lucky young lady ...' Doctor : ' a ( explain ) of the head ...' Mom 's voice : ' but you be go to be all right now , the paramedics get there ...' Mom , ' we be so worried ... " echoing of , until once voice be leave . Charlie . sitting opposite she bed , as he have be every minute of she illness . he look want and old , worried sick , but try to sing ' Peggy Sue ' for she . charlie ( sing softly ) . Peggy Sue , I love you , and I need you Peggy Sue ... peggy Charlie ? be I dead ? charlie I think you be ... for a while . peggy ( affectionately ) you look awful , like you have not sleep in day . and so old . charlie but happy . very happy , Peggy Sue . peggy Charlie , I think I know everything about you . charlie I want to apologize . I can not live without you . peggy what about Janet ? charlie that 's over . I get tired of translate everything . she think the Big Hopper be a hamburger . Charlie laugh uncomfortably and Peggy Sue look around she hospital room . peggy who be all the flower from ? Charlie push himself out of he chair and move toward the dresser . charlie everyone . maddie and Arthur , Carol and walter . Richard norvick . and here 's a book , by that guy from high school , Michael fitzsimmon . he dedicated it to you . Charlie return to Peggy 's bedside and open the front cover of the book . angle on book : the front page bear the title " the pilgrim soul " and the dedication read " to Peggy Sue and a Starry night " . Peggy smile but shake she head . peggy it could not be I . I hardly know he . charlie I will just set it right here . he place the book on she bedside table as he sit back down . peggy Charlie , I have a strange experience . I go back to high school . and I spend a lot of time with you . and you and walter and Leon be sing " I wonder why " . charlie oh , God , dion . peggy you be terrific . and I keep try to push you away but you would not give up . charlie I will never give up . peggy then hold I . he hold she hand . charlie I love you since the day I meet you , and I have not stop . peggy do not try to charm I , Charlie bodell . charlie listen , I do not expect all the trouble between we can just vanish away . but I would do what I can ... piggy Charlie , please , I need some time . charlie well , I will let you get some rest ... so long . the view pull back past the flower . Charlie start to exit . check himself in the mirror . peggy Charlie , I would like to invite you to dinner at home , on Sunday , with you kid . I will make a strudel . he hurry back to she , kiss she again . they hang on to each other as Beth enter the room . fade out . the end peggy and richard scene to be insert after dolore / Peggy scene and to replace the goodbye to Richard scene . int . school library - day empty except for Richard who sit alone in a study warren , surround by book . Peggy approach . be put down the book he 's read . he smile . richard you know , Peggy , there 's so many thing to look forward to in the future . Peggy lean over and kiss he , sadly , on the forehead . peggy I come to say goodbye . richard Goodbye ? where be you go ? what about we partnership ? I be make real progress with the microchip . peggy you be mean to you be one of that fortunate people that good thing happen to . richard so be you . you have get a vision . peggy ( manic ) vision ? I be a walk anachronism ! I have upset my parent . I miss my kid . I could be trap here forever ! and poor Charlie ... I get pregnant on my 18th birthday and we have to get marry . tomorrow 's my birthday ! I have get to get out of here now . richard do you break up with Charlie ? peggy yeah , yeah . I be take a big gamble . I have love he for a long , long time . richard okay . why do not we do something visionary . Change you destiny , Peggy Sue . Change you destiny and marry I . peggy ( slamm down book ) no! no! no! Peggy Sue get marry ! case close . I do not want to marry anybody . Goodbye Richard . richard wait ! I will go with you ! peggy you can not . you be go to be valedictorian .