the lightning thief by Craig titley rewrite by base on the novel by Rick riordan September 26 , 2008 the lightning thief by Craig titley base on the novel by Rick riordan int . indoor swimming pool - night wooden bleacher line the surround wall of the Olympic - size pool . the room be empty . moonlight shine through the skylight , reflect off the water . nike , jay-z T-shirt and a itouch be pile at the pool 's edge . camera crane inside the water . at the pool' bottom , we find ... percy jackson , age 17 , sit with he leg cross , dress in cargo short . his eye be close . his long , dirty blonde hair float around he . his expression be peaceful . percy ( v.0 . ) ever since I be a kid , I like be in the water . it 's where I do my best think . sometimes , when I concentrate , I hear this distant voice ... like somebody try to guide I , give I direction ... weird , huh ? percy open he eye , shoot to the surface , fill he lung with air . percy ( v.o. ) probably just water on the brain . ext . yancy academy - day a large campus in upstate New York . Old , brick building be scattered across several well - manicure acre . percy walk alone across campus , dress like a Venice Beach surf rat , listen to a ipod . his attitude be tough , hard , cool . percy ( v.o. ) my name be percy Jackson . until a few month ago , I be a student here at yancy Academy . the kind of place where parent send they " troubled " kid when no one else will take they . a fight break out between a group of student . teacher run to break it up . percy keep on walk . int . yancy classroom - later - day a 52 year old , grey haire , bearded teacher in a wheelchair , mr . brunner , lecture to a group of kid who would rather be elsewhere . percy stare at he textbook . percy ( v.o. ) my so - call trouble , have impressive - sounding name -- percy squint at the text . the word morph into odd shape . percy ( v.0 . ) -- like " dyslexia " and " attention deficit disorder . " but I have a better name for they : boredom . int . percy dorm room - night percy 's roommate be asleep , snoring . a pair of rusted , metallic forearm crutch lean against he roommate 's bed . percy lie awake , the wall around he cover with poster of surfer riding extreme wave . tack to the wall be a photograph : percy and he mom , in happier time . percy ( v.o. ) I be also suppose to have some displace rage because my father abandon my mom before I be bear . but quite honestly , none of that really matter ... distant thunder roar . percy get up , look out he window . STORM cloud form in the sky , obscure the moon . percy ( v.o. ) ..- because my real trouble be just beginning . ext . metropolitan museum - manhattan - the next day - day the sky above Manhattan be heavy with dark , ominous cloud . a " yancy academy " bus be park in front of the museum . int . metropolitan museum of art - later a spacious , glass - dome room fill with ancient greek artifact , rusted weapon , and artwork . in the center of the room , be impose sculpture of the twelve olympian god . mr. brunner lecture from he wheelchair mr . brunner there be twelve olympian god . the major three be brother , who go on to rule the world . Zeus become the King of the god and rule the sky . his brother , Poseidon rule the sea . and they other brother , hade , rule the underworld . a group of fairly disinterested high school senior stand around Mr. brunner . percy stand off to the side , sweatshirt pull up to hide he ipod headphone . grover , percy 's roommate , stand beside he . grover be overweight , with curly brown hair , glass , a wispy goatee and a perpetual expression of lust and mischief . use he cell phone , grover snap a photo of the Aphrodite statue 's breast . brunner notice . frown . not amused . mr. brunner grover . please . grover look up . guilty . brunner extend he hand . mr . brunner a little more respect for the god . grover sigh , hand over the cell phone . brunner look at the photo , hold up the camera for the class to see . the kid chuckle at the image of Aphrodite 's breast . mr . brunner what do this tell we about grover ? cute girl he 's a sex addict . mr . brunner possibly . grover may be a tad more , hormonally challenge than most teenager . but he still share a similar weakness with all of we . lust . grover ( lean to cute girl ) I know we have something in common . mr . brunner it 's something the Greek god also share with we . there be several occasion , when the god would come down to earth and ... how shall I put this ?... grover hook up . mr . brunner they would hook up with mortal . several kid snicker . mr . brunner the child of this union be half - God and half -human . can anyone tell I what they be call ? Mr. brunner scan to drew bobofit , a tough , angry , mean spirite bully with a buzzcut and tattoo . mr . brunner Mr. bobofit ? drew bastard ? mongrel ? mutt ? 4 . Drew 's two friend , two hoodlum name tony and vince , laugh . brunner scowl , look around . mr . brunner anyone else ? percy ? but percy do not hear , lose in he music . grover use one of he crutch to yank the headset out of percy 's ear . percy huh ? what ? mr . brunner what be the proper name for the offspring of a human and a God ? percy narrow he eye , think , finally ... it come to he . percy demigod . mr . brunner very good , Mr. Jackson . ( to Drew bobofit ) Mr. bobofit , you and the rest of the class obviously need a bit more incentive to learn this material . perhaps a quiz will help . tomorrow . chapter 7 and 8 . int . museum men' room - later - day percy and grover enter . grover , use he crutch , walk with a pronounce limp . percy I can not get above a D in most class . but somehow , without even study ... I get this stuff ... grover ( ironic smile ) maybe it 's in you blood . the bathroom door fly OPEN . Drew and he friend enter , shove past grover , nearly knock he down . drew out of the way , crip . percy shut you mouth , Drew . Drew turn , walk back to percy , get in he face . drew you be the one who should keep you mouth shut , Jackson . if you be not so busy kissing brunner 's ass , we would not be have a quiz tomorrow . percy Big deal . you have to study . grow up . drew not all of we can get a fancy tutor by pretend we have dyslexia . percy I be not pretend . I mix thing up . like right now , I could swear you dick be where you head be suppose to be . furious , Drew and he gang drag percy he into a stall . Drew try to shove percy 's head into the toilet bowl . percy struggle to break free . grover bang on the stall door . grover ( 0.s. ) percy !? as percy 's face get closer to the toilet water , the water begin to churn and bubble , grow in power . percy stop ! Drew keep pushing . the water churn violently . percy I ... say ... stop ! suddenly , a blast of water explode out of the toilet bowl . the water move with extreme force and a definite purpose . it shoot past percy , strike Drew and the boy with the power of a firehouse , blow they out of the stall and ... ..- across the bathroom floor , right past grover . they land under the urinal . grover sees percy step out of the stall . percy be shaken , confuse . unsure what just happen . grover percy ... let 's go ... Drew and the boy get back on they foot , soaked . they block percy and grover 's exit . a creaking SOUND fill the room . follow by a low , groaning noise and the sound of pipe rattling . 6 . then -- crack ! crack ! -- several hairline fracture form in the wall and on the floor , spread out like spiderweb . urinal and sink explode , fire like missile across the bathroom . Water rush in through the hole in the wall , form into the shape of several snake- like tentacles . the water - tentacles whip through the room , like live creature . they attack Drew and he friend . grover watch in amazement . percy be baffle , stand in the center of the maelstrom . the floor beneath Drew 's foot crack OPEN . a geyser of water shoot upward . the powerful water lift Drew into the air . the bathroom door fly OPEN . mr. brunner roll in . stunned by what he see . the geyser quickly dissolves . Drew fall to the floor , right on top of he soggy , freak - out friend . the other water stop flowing , retreate back into the pipe , leave pool of water everywhere . mr . brunner what 's go on ?!? drew Jackson . he blow up the bathroom . Mr. brunner look very concerned . percy 's expression be equal part amazement , confusion , and fear . percy I do not ... I do not ... it just -- Mr. brunner nod , speak softly , almost knowingly . mr . brunner -- happen . int . mr. brunner' office - later - day angry , percy be sit across from Mr. brunner 's desk . grover stand in the background . percy detention !? but it be not my fault ... I do not even know how it happen ... mr . brunner I believe you , percy . but Dean Campbell want to suspend you . I argue for a compromise . percy one month detention be a compromise ? mr . brunner for you ? yes . you have be to six different school in eight year . you have get a d-minus average . you be on very thin ice . percy perfect . I like cold water . mr . brunner you really want to be expell from another school ? percy do I really give a damn ? mr . brunner maybe you do not . but you mother do . ( soft , solemn ) do not let she down again . the word sting . percy look out the window . Troubled , upset . Mr. brunner feel percy 's torment . Mr. brunner take a thick book off he shelf . mr . brunner I want you to read this . percy you know that I can not -- mr . brunner try. Mr. brunner place the book in front of percy . the write on the cover be in greek . percy refuse to look at it . int . library - later - night outside , thunder rumble . we be inside a dark , ancient library with high vault ceiling and lead glass window . row and row of tower bookshelve stand along the wall , each with its own ladder - on - wheel . percy sit at a long wooden table , in the middle of the room . he be alone , save for the librarian , a small elderly woman . percy be try to read Mr. brunner 's book , stare at the greek letter on the cover . he squint . the Greek letter morph into english letter . they read : " a guide to greek MYTHS and legend . " percy be surprised , pull the book close and read to himself . percy " the Father of the olympian be kronos . he be the King of the titan - " ( pause , a small smile ) I can ... read ?... there be a loud crash . the sound of breaking glass . percy look up and see ... a creature , hide in the shadow , leap through the window . the creature land on the floor and slowly rise up . it 's over twelve feet tall . the librarian scream . the creature pull back its arm , swipe at the librarian with tremendous force . the librarian be knocked off she foot , fly through the air and slam into the wall . out cold . percy stand . terrified . he start to back away . the creature turn , face percy and step forward . into the light . it be the minotaur . half man . half bull . muscular , with a long snout , cruel yellow eye , and batter razor - sharp horn . see percy , the minotaur roar , then speak in a inhuman voice . minotaur where be it ?! percy turn and sprint toward the door . the minotaur race after he . faster than percy , the minotaur be upon he in second . the minotaur grab percy , lift he into the air and hurl he at a bookshelf . percy slam into the shelf , fall to the floor , bury under a pile of book . percy be stunned . the wind knock out of he . the minotaur run forward , lift its arm , about to pummel percy ... percy roll out of the way . the minotaur 's arm just miss percy and smashes a hole in the library floor . percy get to he foot , dash around the corner . the minotaur follows . percy kick one of the wooden ladder into the path of the creature . the minotaur slam through the ladder as if it be balsa wood . percy head for the library door . 9. the minotaur run up , swing its razor sharp claw across percy 's back . the claw rip through he jacket . percy cry out in pain , fall to he knee . the minotaur move in for the kill . the library door burst OPEN . the minotaur stop , turn to the sound . mr . brunner percy ! Mr. brunner race into the room on he wheelchair , hold a simple ball point pen . mr . brunner use this . Mr. brunner throws the pen to percy . confused , percy catch the pen . brunner shout . mr . brunner click it ! percy what !? mr . brunner click it ! the pen be mightier than the sword . percy click the pen . it transform into a large , sharp metal sword ! percy stare at the blade in disbelief . the minotaur turn back to percy , who be on he foot , wield the heavy sword . percy lunge forward and swing . the tip of the sword slice deep across the creature 's arm . the minotaur cry out . blood seep from its wound . this only make the creature angrier . the minotaur charge percy . percy swing again , this time slicing deep into the minotaur 's torso . the minotaur howl in pain , hold he bleed chest wound . with a final growl , the minotaur turn and leap out of the library window . percy look around the room , a gigantic mess of destroyed book , furniture and bookcase . percy glance to the sword . it change back into a common everyday ballpoint pen . percy what ... be ... that thing ? 10 . mr . brunner we have to go . it 's come back for you . percy come back !? it be hurt -- mr . brunner you temporarily scared it off . a minotaur can only be kill by sever the horn from its body . brunner exit , follow by a confuse percy . percy a minotaur ! ? int . percy dorm room - moment later - night grover be asleep , a open copy of maxim lie on he blanket . percy and brunner enter . brunner pack only what you need . fast . percy can you tell I what 's go on ?! brunner no time . grover . out of bed . grover groggily get out of bed , LED into the hallway by brunner . percy grab a backpack and begin to pack . from the hallway , we hear grover and brunner 's whispering . percy stop pack , slowly walk to the door , eavesdrops . outside , thunder rumble . brunner whisper to grover . brunner today . in the bathroom . the water . it be a sign . ( a beat ) percy 's power have begin to surface . grover why now ? brunner it happen when they life be in danger . grover danger ? brunner he be attack . by a minotaur . 11 . grover what ? but why ? brunner listen . what do you hear ? grover Thunder . brunner but no lightning . grover ( try to understand ) yeah ... brunner stolen . and they suspect percy . grover impossible . brunner I know . but because of who he be ... everyone think he do it . grover oh , man ... nowhere be safe for he . brunner only one place . grover right ... you want I to take he there ? brunner ( nod ) pick up Sally along the way . grover nod . a anguished roar echoe from outside . the cry of the minotaur . grover and brunner turn , hurry back to percy 's bedroom . percy race back inside , resume pack . int . subway train - later - night grover and percy sit inside a crowded subway train . grover be silent . percy be anxious , want information . percy would you please tell I what 's go on ? what 's all this stuff about my power start to surface ? what power ? and I steal something !? be that why nowhere be safe for I ? 12 . grover ( softly , paranoid ) quiet . keep you voice down . they could be listen . percy who ? who could be listen ? grover ( whisper ) not here . not with all of this people around . no one can be trust . grover glare at a elderly lady who be stare at he . percy shake he head , think grover be crazy . ext . queen neighborhood - night a work class neighborhood . grover and percy exit the subway , hurrying along the sidewalk . grover be tense , anxious , suspiciously eyeing anyone who pass by . percy why do brunner send you home with I ? grover to keep you safe . percy you be gonna ' keep I safe ? grover I be you protector . percy respond with a incredulous laugh . grover what 's so funny ? percy nothing . it 's just ... well , you -- grover ( angry , hurt ) what ? you think because I be disabled ?... I be not capable of keep you safe ?... huh ?... be that it ?... percy I do not say that . grover ( insulted , softly ) you do not have to . 13 . percy sigh , feel terrible . they arrive in front of a small , mean , wooden two - story home , sandwich between rows of similar home . they walk to the door and enter . int . ugliano home - live room - night gabe ugliano , percy 's 39 - year old , sloppy , overweight stepfather sit at a table in this cramped apartment , play card with four poker buddy . several empty Beer bottle be on the table . 70 's southern rock play in the bg . percy ( v.o. ) this disgusting slob be my step - father gabe ugliano . I call he " smelly gabe " because he never shower , put tabasco and garlic on everything he eat , and ... gabe lift a butt-cheek off he chair and let one riiiiip . percy ( v.0 . ) you get the picture . sometimes when gabe drink too much ... he fight with my Mom ... scream at she , slap she around ... a real prince . gabe ( call offscreen ) Sally ? hey ? can we get a couple beer ? percy 's mom , sally , enter , carry a six pack . Sally be in she mid-30's , attractive , beat - down by a hard life . there 's a toughness , a inner strength , a radiant glow about she . gabe take the beer , look at he friend . gabe ya ' know , guy ... if God want man to get they own beer , he would not have invent wife ... Sally force a smile , place the beer on the table . percy ( v.o. ) my mom , on the other hand , be a angel . I could never understand what she be do with this jerk . gabe pull Sally in for a sloppy kiss , grab she ass . gabe just kiddin ' , babe . c'mere ... percy ( 0.s. ) get you hand off my mother . everyone turn . percy and grover stand in the doorway . Sally be surprised , but delighted by the appearance of percy . 14 , sally percy ! Sally rush to percy , embrace he . she notice grover , kiss he cheek . sally grover ?... you too ?... ( suspicious , to percy ) what be you do home ? gabe probably get he ass kick out of another school . percy disrespect my Mom again and you will get you ass kick out in the street . gabe yeah !? let 's see what you get -- gabe stand , in a drunken rage , grab percy by the collar . ready for a fight . gabe 's gonna ' kill he . grover bring down he crutch . hard . on top off gabe 's foot . gabe cry out . grover feign a apology . grover oh , geez . sorry . New crutch . grover move he crutch from gabe 's foot , lift it ... this time slamming gabe in the ball . gabe crumble to he knee . grover I be so clumsy . be you okay ? the wind knocked out of he , gabe be help back into he chair by he friend . grover leans to percy , whisper . grover I be you protector . you cool with that ? percy hide a small smile , nods . Sally hurriedly lead the boy out of the room , into the kitchen . int . kitchen - moment later - night percy why do you stay with that smelly pig ? sally not another word . he 's be good to we in way you will never know . ( to grover ) now ... what 's go on ? grover we have to go . to the camp . sally right now ? why ? grover percy 's in danger . they be come after he . they think he steal -- from offscreen , we hear a loud , inhuman roar . grover panic . grover the minotaur ! sally relax ... it 's only gabe . gabe ( 0.s . ) percy jackson ! get you ass in here ! sally we will take gabe 's car . c'mon . they hurriedly exit through the back door . grover quickly snatch a jumbo bag of cheeto . ext . ugliano home - moment later - night a batter , rusted orange ' 78 camaro , complete with racing stripe , speed out of the garage . ext . country road - later - night the camaro be the only car on the road , move deeper into the dense countryside . on one side of the road , mile and mile of tree . on the other side , a hilly field . int . camaro - night Sally be at the wheel . grover be in the back seat , nervously gobble cheeto and check a road map . percy turn to Sally . he 's upset . worried . percy Mom , I do not know what 's go on . but I do not steal anything . I swear ... sally I believe you , honey . I know that you be scared and confuse right now . trust I , I do not want any of this for you . I think you could have a ordinary life . ( warm , loving ) but nothing about you could ever be ordinary . 16 . percy so where be we go ? sally think of it as a camp . a camp for special people . like you . and you father . percy ( bitter ) great . a camp full of loser . sally you father be not a loser . he be a great ... man . percy a great man who abandon he family . sally he do not abandon we , percy . he have to leave . he could not live in we world . percy we world ? who be my dad ? £.t.? sally percy . you know all the myth about the Greek god and goddess ? well , they be not really myth . the god be alive . they be here . percy what ?... sally you see the minotaur ... percy right . okay . but , I mean ... if the god be real , would not they be in Greece ? sally they be . a long time ago . but the god tend to follow the heart of the West . they have be settle in America for the past two century . percy what do this have to do with I ? grover remember what brunner say in class ?... sometimes when the god be down here on Earth , they fall in love with mortal ... have kid ... 17 . percy demigod ... grover half -god and half -mortal . there be hundred live in the world right now . some lead normal life , other become pretty famous . percy what be you say ? sally ( turn to he , dead serious ) you be a demi-god . percy be stunne . speechless . ext . country road - moment later - night the camaro pass a field of graze cattle . as the car pass , one of the cow raise its enormous head , above the rest . it 's a large bull head with twisted horn . it follow the camaro with glowing yellow eye . the minotaur . int . camaro - night the car continue down the desert , dark road . percy be still shocked by the news . Sally explain . sally I be young when we meet , just out of school , work at a resort for the summer , right on the ocean . you Father be ... not like any guy I have ever meet . he be just ... dazzle . grover they be always dazzle . sally we be very much in love ... and then ... you come along ... but he have to leave ... percy so he do abandon we . sally he have no choice . the god , by they very nature , can not live among mortal . they be responsible for a entire universe ... percy then maybe they should not have kid . 18 . sally you Father love you , percy . leave you be probably the most difficult thing he ever do . percy ( pause , soften ) what be he name ? Sally turn , about to tell percy who he Father be . a loud inhuman roar fill the air . grover look out the window . when suddenly ... chud ! a cow land in the road , in front of they . Sally scream , swerve to miss the animal . ext . country road - night the camaro flip onto its side , careen off the road . it skid into a ditch , come to a stop beside a vast forest of tall pine tree . smoke pour from beneath the hood . int . camaro - night in pain , percy grab he head . he see Sally , slumped over the wheel . percy Mom ?... Mom ?!?... Sally stir , more stunned than hurt . sally I be okay . how 's grover ? he raise he head up from the backseat . grover be it just I , or be it raining cow ? the car suddenly shake , from a impact tremor . this be follow by several impact tremor . something very large , very heavy , be run toward they . percy look out the mud - splatter back window . he sees ... cow , be thrown into the AIR , fly left and right . a monstrous thing plow through they , head toward the car . sally everyone out ! Sally throws herself against the driver 's side door . it be jammed shut . percy tries to OPEN he door . also jamme . the creature be getting closer ... closer ... 19 . grover remove he sneaker , strip off he baggy pants . percy what be you do ? grover my job . grover lift he foot , revealing that they be ... thick , furry hoove . percy stare at grover 's hoof , shocked . percy okay . so you be half donkey . grover goat actually . grover pull back he leg . with a powerful kick , he shatter the rear window and climb out of the back window . percy assist he mom out of the car . when percy climb out , he see grover stand in all he glory ... he 's a satyr . grover follow I . with tremendous speed and agility , grover run / gallop toward the pine forest . percy and Sally follow . they glance over they shoulder and see ... the minotaur , step into the road , spotlighted by the car 's headlight . the creature stop at the car , snuffle , nuzzling at the window . a few foot away , at the edge of the pine forest , Sally , percy , and grover stop , look back at the minotaur . the minotaur unleash a chilling , angry howl , turn toward Sally and the boy . grover he just pick up we scent . run ! they sprint off , into the pine forest . the angry minotaur pick up the camaro , lift it and hurl the car in they general direction . the car fly toward percy , Sally and grover , smashing through the pine tree . Sally tackle grover and percy , pinning they to the ground . the car fly over they head , missing they by inch . it land with a crash , only a few foot in front of they . percy gabe 's gonna ' be piss . sally I always hate that car . 20 . they quickly get back on they foot , hearing the minotaur smashing and breaking the tree , as he charge after they . grover c'mon . we be almost there . grover point just ahead of they . there be a old wooden gate / archway , lead into a small clear . fade greek letter arc across the top of the gate . percy , Sally and grover run for there live , toward the gate . the minotaur chase they , getting closer ... percy , Sally and grover reach the gate . percy look up at the letter . percy Pov : the letter shape - shift , morph into English letter . percy read the word . percy Camp . half. blood . grover grab percy , pull he through the open wooden gate . Sally stop at the entrance . she doesn 't go through . the minotaur crash through a row of pine . moving fast . less than fifty yard away . percy look back to he Mom , see that she 's stop . percy Mom ! what be you do !? sally I can not go any further . percy reach out , grab he mother 's arm , tries to pull she through the Camp entrance . a invisible , force field wall prevent Sally from enter . percy can't pull her through . sally I can not go through . I be not like you . the minotaur stomp forward . only a few feet away . sally I love you , percy . now go . please . percy I be not leave without you ! sally you have to . you be mean to . Sally pull her arm free from percy . she take a step back , just as the minotaur arrive . percy reach for he mother again , but the beast grab Sally and pull she away . 21 . percy no !!! up ahead , grover skid to a stop , look back and sees ... the minotaur grab Sally by the neck and lift she off the ground . she struggle , kick and pummel the air . the minotaur close he fist around Sally 's neck . she melt into light , become a shimmer , golden form . there be a blinding flash . and Sally disappear . simply ... gone . percy mom !!! percy 's face be cover with anger and grief . he be fill with newfound strength , a rush of burning ENERGY . percy charge toward the beast . grover run toward he , yell -- grover percy ! do not -- percy run up to the minotaur and leap onto its back . the creature toss he off like a rag doll . the force send percy flying into a tree . hard . he fall onto the ground . motionless . eye close . the minotaur lower its head and charge percy . at the last moment , percy roll out of the way . the minotaur just miss he and plows into a tree . head first . the minotaur 's horn get stuck in the trunk . with a loud roar , the minotaur pull back its head . there be a horrid SNAP of bone . the minotaur 's horn snap off , ripped from its head , now stuck in the tree . furious , the minotaur turn to percy and roar . a weaken percy take a step back , he leg shaking . the minotaur race toward he , ready to finish this . as the minotaur charge , percy run to the tree . he pull the minotaur 's horn out of the tree . percy stab the creature , plunging the horn into the middle of the minotaur 's chest . the minotaur howl in pain . black blood pour from the wound . the minotaur fall to the ground . dead . breathless and weak , percy stand over the fall minotaur . percy drop the horn , look up , the tree spin . percy 's eye roll back . softly , he speak ... percy Mom ... he faint . 22 . int . camp half -blood - infirmary - day later - day percy be lie on a hospital bed . annabeth , a 17 year old girl with stun grey eye and curly blond hair , stare down at he . she 's wear body armor and be cover in sweat and dirt , but she 's still radiant . annabeth this be he ? do not look tough enough to kill a minotaur . I be not impressed . percy 's eye slowly flutter OPEN . he stare up into annabeth 's hypnotic , grey eye , see all of she beauty . Light reflect off she armor make she look otherworldly . percy hello -- annabeth you drool when you sleep . wipe you mouth . percy wipe he mouth , grover step out from behind annabeth . grover welcome back , buddy . percy notice the cacophony of moan and groans . he see that he bed be one of several dozen , inside of a large , stone wall infirmary . kid , age 11 - 18 , be in the bed . they be batter and bruise , some with break bone . percy where be I ? grover the infirmary . you have be unconscious for three day . percy try to sit up , but he 's in pain . annabeth shove a goblet fill with a gold , glowing liquid in he face . annabeth drink this . it will make you feel better . percy sniff it , not sure . annabeth do not be a weasel . percy smile , take a sip . grover and annabeth watch he expectantly . he look instantly rejuvenated . percy good stuff . what be it ? 23. annabeth ambrosia and nectar . food of the god . percy tastes like my Mom 's caramel brownie . grover it always taste like you favorite food . annabeth ( check clock ) time for more training . ( to percy , sarcastic ) see you on the battlefield ... hero . she clanks away in she armor , carry a shield and sword . as percy watch she , he hear more clanging as several kid , cover in dirt , mud and blood , wear classic greek battle armor over jeans and t-shirt , be carry in on stretcher . percy what happen to they ? grover she do . percy grin , think it 's a joke . grover 's not laugh . grover do you remember anything ? percy just some crazy dream . my Mom be there . there be a minotaur ... and you be some kinda ' weird hybrid goat thing -- he look at grover , then trail he eye from grover 's face down to he lower half which be completely visible now , furry arched leg , goat butt , hoof and all . grover actually , I prefer " satyr " . ( a beat ) oh . and this be yours . he hand percy the minotaur horn . percy stare at it . his expression darken . realization set in . percy it be real . all of it be real . grover ( ashamed , heartbroken ) I be sorry , percy . it 's my fault . I blow it . it be my job to protect you . both of you . 24 . percy stare at the horn . his expression be sad , fill with despair . he speak softly , in grief . tear fill he eye . percy my Mom . she 's really go . int . infirmary - later - day percy be dress , depressed , walk with grover down the aisle , past the bed , past the moaning , batter kide . percy look at all of the wounded kid . percy where be we ? camera follows they as they step out of the infirmary and stand at the top of a hill , look out over ... grover Camp half blood . the camp be spread across several acre of a beautiful , lush , landscape surround by a pine forest . the building ' architecture be straight out of ancient Greece . construct of stone and marble , with weathered , well - wear , facade . a small coliseum be visible in the distance . grover created by the olympian , for they offspring . demigod . kid like you . percy stand in awe . speechless . ext . camp half -blood - later percy and grover walk through the camp . hundred of kid , age 11 to 21 , dress in modern clothing , be everywhere . they walk past several kid sit inside a small outdoor amphitheater , as a old , blind poet recite Homer 's odyssey . grover this be where you guy learn to harness you power , to become leader , warrior ... artist ... and heroes ... percy ( incredulous ) you get the wrong guy . I be no hero ... I be a screw -up ... with dyslexia , adhd ... grover that be you great gift . percy you call that gift ? 25 . they pass other kid firing arrow in a archery range ; throw javelin ; forging weapon in a blacksmith furnace ; make vase at a potter 's wheel . grover when you try to read , the letter seem to float off the page , right ? that 's because you brain 's hard - wire for ancient Greek . not English . I bet you have no trouble read the book Mr. brunner give you in detention ... percy that be Greek ? grover ( nod ) and you adhd ? you be impulsive , you can not sit still . that be you natural battle reflex . they keep you alive when you fight the minotaur . no mortal screw - up could defeat the minotaur , percy . you blood be special . it 's ... ( somber ) the blood of a God . percy and this kid ?... they be all son and daughter of god ? grover and goddess . they pause at a practice battlefield . annabeth swordfight , beat several stronger , male opponent . percy watch , very attracted to she . percy what 's she name ? grover smokin ' , huh ? percy her name ? grover annabeth . daughter of Athena . goddess of wisdom . percy I think Athena be a virgin goddess ... 26 . grover she be . but you try hold out for 10,000 year . I barely make it through health class . percy and grover walk to the edge of the coliseum . a horse race be in progress . EIGHT horse circle the track in a cloud of dust . they be silhouetted against the bright ray of the afternoon sun . as the horse reach the finish , the dust clear . percy 's mouth drop when he see that they be centaur . half -man , half -horse . one of the centaur walk away , trots toward percy . as the centaur get closer , percy recognize he . percy Mr. brunner !? mr . brunner / chiron here , I be know as chiron . Nice to see you up and around . percy you be ... you be ... chiron a real horse 's ass , I know . I be sorry I have to keep my true form hide from you , but it be for you own good . I hope you will forgive I . percy what happen to you wheelchair ?... chiron only when I be in mortal form . I could never walk on only two leg . he lead percy and grover away . they walk through the camp with chiron . percy be this you camp ? chiron no . I be just a overseer and a trainer . chiron enter a alcove , nestle in the wood by the lake . eleven distinct frat-like house , be arrange around a common area , dot with old statue and ancient fountain . chiron this be where you will be stay . grover Greek row. 27 . the first " house " they pass have several smokestack belching black smoke . outside , a few kid cover in sweat and grime work billow and anvil . chiron the heir of hephaestus , smith and weapon - maker of the god . chiron and percy continue on , past a build that resemble a fortress . barbed - wire fencing surround the lawn . angry music blast from within . a dozen big , ugly , mean kide be yelling at each other , some be physically fight . chiron the offspring of are , God of War . the next home be fill with dozen of hyper , energetic kide , run through the lawn , play prank , laugh . they all have sharp nose , upturn eyebrow and mischievous smile . chiron that prankster be the offspring of Hermes , messenger of the god . one of Hermes ' son motion to a nearby brother , clearly up to something . he 's watch : the sorority house next door . it be decorate with romantic statue and garden , the most lush home on Greek row . the girl who live here be drop dead gorgeous , most of they outside sunbathing . grover stop dead in he track , freeze like he 's fight a urge ... and desperately lose . grover daughter of Aphrodite , goddess of love and other four letter word . sprinklers go off , drench the girl . they scream , run inside . Hermes ' son roll on the ground laugh . grover I will catch up with you guy later . grover make a mad dash toward the drench daughter of Aphrodite , chasing they around the grounds . chiron satyr . you can never completely train they to stop chase the nymph . chiron and percy round the " U " and stop at one of the large home in Greek row . the home look as if it be make of coral . a large fountain be in front . chiron turn to percy . chiron welcome home . 28 . percy be take aback , yet intrigued . chiron you Father build this . for you . percy my Father ? chiron lift he front leg , and kick OPEN the door . chiron Poseidon . int . poseidon' palace - same percy and chiron enter Poseidon 's home . most of the interior be take up by a large indoor pool . the stairway be line with cascade waterfall . there be many statue of horse . and a wall fill with various ancient , rusted metal trident . percy stare in awe . chiron you father be God of the Seas , as well as horse and earthquake . it be he wish that you lead a normal life . he ask I to watch over you and , when you get older , I choose grover to be you protector . percy look at the collection of rusted trident , grab one . percy why do not my mom ever tell I ? chiron she could not . it be for you own safety . there have not be a demi-god bear of the Big Three in over a hundred year . percy the big three ... Zeus , hade and Poseidon ?... chiron ( nod ) that make you special , powerful , a threat . that 's why you Mom marry you step -father . his rather pungent odor mask the smell of you blood , in case you be ever in danger . percy like the minotaur ... 29 . chiron exactly . percy so gabe 's ass save mine ? chiron I would not put it that way , but yes . percy but why be I in danger ? why be thing chase I , try to kill I ?... chiron actually . for the time be . they prefer that you stay alive . percy why ? chiron they think you have steal something valuable . percy but , I do not steal anything ... chiron I believe you . not many other do . Zeus have convinced almost everyone , that you be ... ( a beat ) the lightn thief . percy be confuse . chiron point to the palace ceiling . here , be a stun three dimensional painting , depict the history of the god . it make the sistine Chapel look pedestrian . chiron point to a powerful image of Zeus , riding in the cloud , the powerful master bolt in hand . chiron Zeus ' master bolt . the bolt where all lightning originate . the most powerful weapon ever create , harness more power than several hydrogen bomb . it be steal four day ago . percy why do they think it be I ? chiron point to a image of Zeus in combat against Poseidon . chiron when the bolt disappear , Zeus naturally blame you father . they have be ina power struggle for century . ( more ) 30 . chiron ( cont 'd ) but ancient law forbid god to cross into each other 's realm . only a demi- God be capable of that . someone like you . Zeus ' close relative . percy but I have never even meet my Father ... and I sure as hell would not do he dirty work ... chiron unless the bolt be return by midnight of the summer solstice , two week from now , there will be a war of the god . percy ( mock ) Zeus vs. Poseidon . two god enter the ring , only one will leave . chiron War between the god be a serious matter , percy . olympian will be force to choose side . nature will turn against itself . modern civilization will be destroy . percy ( pause , concerned ) so what do we do ? chiron for the next few day , we stay here . until Zeus calm down . then we go to Olympus , where you will convince Zeus of you innocence . percy nod . ext . poseidon' palace - the next morning - dawn grover walk up the stair , of the palace , enter . int . poseidon' palace - bedroom - the next day - dawn grover enter , look around . no sign of percy . grover percy ? no answer . grover walk around , look into the pool . floating at the bottom , be percy . eye close . grover hey ! wake up ! 31 . percy ( 0.s. ) ( open he eye , sleepy ) what time be it ? grover 6:00 am . chiron send I . he want you to start training . percy climb out of the water . percy train for what ? grover this be not celebrity rehab . there be thing try to kill you , remember ? big. scary . thing . ext . camp half -blood - battlefield - later the sky be gray , ominous . there be several weathered tent scattered around the grounds , the type of tent use on the ancient battlefield of Rome and Greece . dozen of kid , all in armor , sharpen they sword , practice battle move . percy walk onto the battlefield , wear armor , hold a heavy shield and sword . he look extremely uncomfortable and awkward in it . grover be beside he . percy how do you move in all this stuff ? grover you get use to it . or you get kill . percy give a nervous laugh . grover be dead serious . when the other kid see percy , they all stop and stare , whisper to each other ... " be that he ? " the lightn thief ?... Son of Poseidon ?... slay the minotaur ... " percy notice annabeth , wear a red plume surround by she team , all wear Red plume . annabeth use she sword point to draw a game plan in the dirt . chiron trot up . chiron heroes ! Warrior ! fall in ! the young warrior line up in formation by team . red plume on one side ; blue plume on the other . annabeth be captain of the Red soldier . chiron today , we have some new blood in we midst . percy ? step forward . 32 . percy pause , then step forward . the kid crane they neck to get a good look at percy , fascinated by he . percy smile a annabeth , but she just stare at he stoically . chiron this be percy Jackson . he 's go to need a team . luke , a small , energetic , impish kid with a thin sloping nose and a mischievous smile , step forward . luke be captain of the Blue soldier . he hold a ancient bronze shield with several warrior carve into the surface . luke we will take he . luke hand percy a blue plume helmet . luke I be luke . Son of Hermes . percy take he helmet and ... buzzz ! percy get a a huge electrical SHOCK from the helmet ! SPARKS fly ! percy jump back , drop the helmet . luke turn to he teammate . luke I dunno ' ... maybe it be not so safe to have a lightning thief on we team ... everyone be stare at percy . suddenly , they all break up laughing . luke pick up percy 's helmet , remove a electrical joy buzzer from inside . luke grin at percy . luke sorry . just bustin ' you ball . could not resist . my old man 's God of the prankster ... it 's in the blood . percy force a smile , nod , take the blue helmet from luke . chiron you all know the rule . first team to capture the enemy flag win . assume you last position and remember ... we fight to build each other up , not to tear each other down . use you skill on the battlefield , but save you true anger for the dark force . the Red soldier start marching off into the forest . percy turn to chiron , nervous . percy I think this be a game ... I do not know how to use this stuff . 33 . chiron you defeat the minotaur . percy but I have that cool flic-a-bic-sword ... chiron that would give you a unfair advantage over the red team . just relax . demigod all have some degree of inherite skill . hercules be only a level three when I begin teach he . percy you teach hercules ? luke chiron train all the great demigod . hercules , Alexander the great , Bruce Lee , Michael Jordan ... turn they all into heroes . chiron they turn themselves into heroes . I only train they . ( confident ) just do what come naturally , percy . you will be fine . luke Blue team ... move out ! they march off into the forest . int . pine forest - later - day reds and blue clash ! kid thrash relentlessly at each other , deal powerful blow . sword clang against shield and armor . in the midst of it all , annabeth savagely hack she way through dozen of the blue soldier . several of the blue team run off . annabeth remove a bow , pull arrow from a quiver and fire a barrage at the flee blue soldier . the arrow pin kid to tree , safely , by pierce through they clothes , etc . one kid be trapped by a arrow on each side of he head and one between he leg . annabeth get right in he face , snarl . annabeth where be percy Jackson ? int . forest - elsewhere - day percy , luke , and the blue soldier be cautiously moving through the forest . percy look around . nervous . suddenly , several Red soldier appear , coming right at they . 34 . luke incoming ! blue and reds clash . metal on metal . percy duck , avoid blow and end up face - to- face with a angry son of are . the Son of are come at percy , swinging . percy deflect the first several blow , but get knocked down by the proceeding flurry of hit . luke appear and with two fast swing , take out the Son of are . luke extend he hand to percy . luke shake it off . as percy get to he foot , more red soldier attack . luke and the other blue fight back . a red soldier start pummeling percy . percy fight back . the two kid be in a heat battle . percy manage to deliver a hard kick to the red soldier 's midsection . the red soldier fall to the ground . momentarily winded . percy sprint into the pine forest . Red soldier follow . ext . deep in the pine forest - day percy stop , catch he breath , next to a SMALL creek . percy look around . no sign of he pursuer . percy take off he helmet , breathless . he kneel beside the creek , splashes water on he face . he see something reflected in the water ... a red flag . it 's a few feet away on the other side of the creek . percy step into the water . he wade across the creek . toward the flag . percy step out of the water , walk toward the red flag . he reach forward ... about to pick it up ... a dozen red soldier drop from the tree . they surround percy . he put on he helmet , take a defensive stance . annabeth ( 0.s. ) do you think it would be that easy ? annabeth appear .. annabeth my mother be the goddess of wisdom and Battle Strategy . you know what that mean ? I never lose . the Red Soldiers attack percy . percy be able to deflect nearly half the blow . but they soon overcome he . he be hit . several time . 35 . percy fall to he knee . he be bloodied . beaten . exhausted . annabeth step forward , look down at he . annabeth you actually claim to be the Son of Poseidon and the slayer of the minotaur !? the other Red soldier back away , give annabeth she space . annabeth stand up . fight . percy slowly get to he feet . annabeth extend she sword . armed and ready . percy extend he sword . annabeth let 's see what you be really make of . they eye meet , display a share sense of intense excitement and attraction . they begin a heat swordfight . percy lunge , annabeth slashes he arm . percy try to defend against annabeth 's assault . he 's no match for she . annabeth be more advanced , more experienced ... several red and blue soldier gather on opposite side of the creek , watching the fight . luke , grover and chiron arrive . grover should we stop it ? chiron not yet . annabeth slashes percy at every opportunity ... percy 's arm and leg have deep cut on they . there 's a wound above he right eye . he be weak , can barely hold he sword up . annabeth be start to sympathize with he ... annabeth surrender ... percy shake he head . no way . he attack slowly , exhausted . his swing be labored . annabeth easily deflect the blow . annabeth raise she sword , flip it in the air , grab it by the blade and swing it at percy 's head . crack ! percy 's helmet fly off he head . he fall down , into the shallow water at the creek edge . almost unconscious . the red soldier raise they sword in the air and chant : athena ! athena ! athena ! they congratulate annabeth , but she do not look happy . she watch percy , feel remorseful . 36 . percy 's bloody , batter body lie a few feet from the river' edge . blood drip from he mouth . a distant male voice echoe in he head . voice ( v.o. ) go to the water , percy ... the water ... percy use he last bit of strength , crawling toward the water . he collapse ... his fingertip touch the water . suddenly ... water from the creek slither up percy 's hand and arm , move around percy 's body . the water crawl up percy 's skin and cover he in a thin wet veneer . percy 's wound instantly heal . percy 's eye OPEN . his muscle tighten . his hand move and grab the handle of he sword . he slowly rise to he foot . behind he , the water in the creek shoot up into the air ... all of the kid stare in awe . annabeth turn to see what be happen . she be strike speechless by the sight of percy , drip wet , stand in front of a giant water trident . six red soldier rush forward to attack . Fighting like a expert soldier , percy quickly and effortlessly take they down , one by one . then , annabeth charge percy . they blade clash . it 's a hard fight , intense duel . percy skillfully knock the sword out of annabeth 's hand and send she falling to the ground . he stand over annabeth , stare confidently down into she eye . the tip of he sword be pointed at she heart . percy you drool when you be impressed . wipe you mouth . annabeth wipe she mouth and then ... exchange a slow smile with percy . he raise he sword high in the air . percy poseidon ! kid start chant " poseidon ! poseidon ! " but it soon turn to " percy ! percy ! percy ! " luke can not believe what he just witness . grover run up and practically tackle percy . stand apart from the crowd , chiron watch . a small smile appear on he lip . percy look at chiron , give a small , confident nod . 37 . ext . common be area - outside - later that night a huge bonfire rage in the common 's area of Greek row . kid from all the house be celebrate , like warrior after a battle . satyr and centaur mingle with the kid . glowing ambrosia flow from large jar into mug and goblet . a wild boar cook on a spit . percy and grover work they way toward the ambrosia . kid congratulate percy , patting he on the back . he seem ill at ease with the attention . two aphrodite girl smile at percy , ooze sex appeal . aphrodite girl one I love a man who can handle a sword . nearby , annabeth be talk to a few kid . she glance over , sees the girl fawn over percy . a flicker of jealousy register on annabeth 's face . the Aphrodite Girls turn to exit , each give percy a kiss to the cheek . grover nearly faint . annabeth walk up to percy . annabeth feeling like a hero ? percy more like a mutant . I be not gonna ' grow a fish tail or gill or anything like that ? annabeth not likely . although a huge ego be not out of the question . annabeth fill a goblet with golden ambrosia . percy be attract to she , yet cautious , suspicious . percy you know ... you almost kill I out there . I could have die ... if I be normal . annabeth but you be not . besides ... I always know . percy how ? she hand he the goblet of ambrosia . 38 . annabeth you drank the ambrosia . there 's a reason it 's call " food of the god . " if a pure mortal drank ambrosia , it would kill they . you blood would have boil and you bone turn to dust . percy but you do not know that when you give it to I . annabeth woman 's intuition . percy intuition ? you bet my life on intuition ? she shrug , smile , take a long drink of ambrosia . percy narrow he eye , look at she . percy I get the sense that you do not like I very much ... annabeth it 's possible . I mean ... we parent hate each other . percy they do ? annabeth ( nod ) and I definitely have strong feeling for you . I just have not decide if they be positive or negative . percy let I know when you figure it out . annabeth you will be the first . she smile , raise she glass , drink . percy do the same . they eye be locked . a spark of romance . she suddenly freeze , spot something offscreen . in the distance , annabeth see three payr of glow red dot . annabeth no ... that can not be possible ... percy what ? 39 . he turn . the red eye be get closer ... and closer ... annabeth scream , warning the other ... annabeth hellhound ! everyone stop what they be do . the kid see the trio of red eye . they panic , running for there live . grover how do they get in ? annabeth I do not know ... the camp 's under a veil of protection against underworld force ... someone must have lift it ... three hellhound charge into the camp . they be demonic beast , hound the size of buffalo . lava-re eye , fang like dagger . chiron run up , shove percy out of the way , just as one of the hound charge right at he . chiron grover ! get percy out of here ! chiron remove he pen , flick it . the pen transform into the sword . centaur and kid spring into action . they grab there sword , bow and arrow , and prepare to fight . percy grab a sword . grover percy , no ! percy they need help ... the hellhound be ruthless . they drag one kid away , another get mauled . annabeth fire a dozen arrow into one of the beast but it doesn't phase the creature . the three hellhound circle back , seek out percy . they see he and charge at percy . chiron leap into the hellhound 's path and stab one with he sword . it fall to the ground . dead . three other centaur surround another hellhound . it charge right through they . chiron hurl the sword . it impale the beast , kill it instantly . annabeth chiron ! watch out -- the last hellhound hit chiron . he fall , bleeding . percy immediately grab chiron 's sword . the hellhound see he , charge . percy run straight for the hellhound ! 40 . they be on a collision course . at the last second before impact , percy drop and slide under under the beast , raise he sword . it slashes along the beast 's underside . the hellhound be mortally wounded . percy stand , look down at the dying beast . grover and annabeth join percy . the beast lift its head , look at percy . the beast speak . a slow , weak , demonic voice hellhound where ... be the bolt ?... percy I do not have it . I be not the thief . hellhound liar ... if you want you mother back ... bring hade the bolt ... percy my mother 's dead . hellhound no ... she be still alive ... abduct by hade ... bring he the lightning bolt ... in exchange for you mother ... the beast close its eye , its breathe slow to a stop . dead . percy exchange a look with annabeth and grover . he turn , see chiron lie on the ground , he leg badly wounded . percy run to chiron , grover and annabeth follow . int . chiron' stable / home - later fill with book , weapon , and alchemical device . chiron be sit as annabeth bandage he leg wound . grover and percy be watch , but percy 's mind be mile away . he 's flick the pen-sword on and off . chiron look at percy . chiron that sword have a name . percy read the greek name engraved along the sword 's handle . percy anaklusmos . chiron in English , it mean " riptide . " I want you to keep it . percy really ? 4l. chiron you will be need it more than I . it 's make of celestial bronze and lethal to any creature from the underworld . grover hade never send he creature into we camp before . chiron with Olympus in turmoil he will only get bolder . and as long as he think percy have the bolt , he will stop at nothing . percy stand , walk to chiron , look at he . very solemn . percy chiron . the hellhound ... it speak to I ... tell I that . ( swallow back emotion ) my Mom be alive . chiron what ? percy she be abduct by hade . be that possible ? chiron ( nod ) hade have be know to abduct the live ... like persephone . his wife . percy the hellhound say that I can get she back , in return for the bolt ... chiron but you do not have the bolt . percy I know ... but you say I could convince Zeus that I be not the thief ... can not I do the same with hade ? when he realize I do not have the bolt , he will give I my mother back . chiron it be not that simple . percy why not ? 42 . chiron Zeus and hade be very different . Zeus can be stubborn , but he be honorable . Fair . hade be a master of darkness and deceit . the personification of evil . when he find out that you be not the lightning thief , he will kill both you and you mother . there be silence . percy be devastate . helpless . percy so ... what can I do ?... chiron rise up , he wound dress . he place he arm firmly on percy 's shoulder , look he in the eye . chiron stay with we original plan . tomorrow we go to Olympus . once you have convinced Zeus of you innocence , we will do everything in we power to bring you mother back . I swear . percy , he face fill with frustration and disappointment , look at chiron , and slowly nod . grover and annabeth exchange a glance . ext . poseidon' palace - later - night the door open . percy peek outside . the coast be clear . he step out with he backpack flung over he shoulder . as he start to walk away , a voice interrupt ... grover ( 0.s. ) go somewhere ? grover be sit on the roof , chew on a bushy plant . he drop down in front of percy . percy out for a walk . percy step around he , continue on he way . then annabeth walk out from behind the fountain , right in he path . annabeth one small victory and you think you be ready to take on the world ? percy ( passionate ) look ... I just find out that my mother be still alive . she 's the most important thing in my life . and I be go to get she back . 43 . annabeth you be go to walk all the way to hade and fight the Lord of the underworld ? percy if I have to . annabeth do you even know how to get there ? percy if I have to guess I would say : down . grover I can not let you do this . percy I be not ask for permission . grover I mean , I can not let you go by yourself . I be you protector . I be go with you . percy I do not need any help . this be something I have to do alone . annabeth we be not ask for permission . percy look at annabeth . you too ? percy earlier today you want to kill I , now you want to risk you life to help I ? annabeth my mom always look out for heroes . it 's in my blood . and if we be go to succeed , it 's go to take some brain , not just pretty blue eye , a fancy pen , and a set of disgusting hoof . ( to grover ) no offense . grover offense take . annabeth so like it or not , percy , you have get company . percy look at they , resign himself . percy how do we get there ? 44 , int . herme house - luke's room - later - night it be fill with fun house novelty : trick mirror , clown , a fortune teller machine , etc . percy , grover , and annabeth sit across from luke . luke what make you think I would know something like that ? annabeth you dad 's the Messenger of the god . he 's one of the few who can get in and out of the underworld . surely he 's tell you something . luke my dad 's a prick and I have never even meet he . percy then we have a lot in common . luke give percy a devilish smile . luke but I have break into my Father 's house on several occasion . luke climb a ladder to grab a shoebox from a top shelf . he toss the shoebox to percy , who open it ... Inside , be a pair of winged sneaker . they be very cool . percy Flying shoe ? luke my gift to you . look underneath . percy lift the shoe out of the box . beneath they , be a fold , yellow piece of parchment . percy open it , revealing a tatter map of the UNITED states . luke people have go to the underworld , without have to be dead . hercules do . and orpheus . get in be the easy part . it 's get out that 's the trick . luke point to the map . the town of rumson , new jersey begin to glow . a address magically appear next to it . luke this will lead you to the location of the three green pearl . 45 . percy Green pearl ? luke this be a copy of a map that belong to hade ' wife , persephone . she keep the green pearl hide for she many lover , to use when hade be away . they provide a quick escape from the underworld . you can use they to get out . annabeth how do they work ? luke put a drop of you blood on the pearl , then shatter it . Close you eye , and imagine the place you want to go . the pearl will take you there . they nod . luke give percy one last item ... his ancient , engraved bronze shield , with a shiny golden handle . luke take this . percy you shield ? luke for protection . percy ( touch ) thanks , luke . percy stand , to exit . luke call out to he . luke percy . percy look back . luke if you run into my Father along the way ... percy yeah ... luke kick he ass for I . percy deal. 46 . int . greyhound bus - later - night percy , grover , and annabeth sit next to each other on the half - full bus . percy be study the map . percy ( v.o. ) and that 's how yours truly , percy Jackson , son of Poseidon , end up on the highway to Hell . ac / dc's " highway to hell " fill the soundtrack . camera dolly into the map , zeroing in to the first location : new jersey . ext . new jersey - the following afternoon - day a desert , two lane highway in the badland of New Jersey . the Greyhound bus pull to the side of the road . percy , grover , and annabeth step off the bus , all wear back - pack . the bus pull away . across the street , be ... auntie em' garden emporium . it 's a rundown , corrugate steel " shack " with dead plant , cement fountain , and a dozen weathered statue -- cherub , lions , angel . the place feel desert , save for two car park in front : a rusted pick - up truck and a 1993 cadillac eldorado with illinois plate . annabeth you be sure this be the place ? percy that 's what the map say . int . auntie em' office / shack - moment later - day the kid enter . it 's dark , dusty , and deserted . percy hello ? anyone here ? grover pick up a cobwebbed phone , listen for a dial tone . grover Dead . annabeth auntie ' em must have go back to Kansas . percy open the cash register 's drawer . it 's full of american cash and several ancient Greek gold coin ( drachmas ) . percy push open the creaky screen door , lead to the back lot . he step outside . percy check this out . 47 . ext . auntie em' garden emporium - back lot - day annabeth and grover join percy . a wind , serpentine gravel path lead through acre of statuary . hundred of life - like statue create a maze- like atmosphere . there be animal , tourist , soldier from all era , gargoyle , etc . annabeth must be thousand of them . how be we suppose to find a pearl in this cement stack ? percy you be the grand strategist . grover walk to a old " enjoy coca - cola " ice cooler . grover anyone thirsty ? he open it , startle to find dozen of live mice scurrying around inside . he quickly close the door . grover never mind . annabeth let 's split up . check every statue . the pearl could be inside one of they . they walk into the statue maze and split off in three direction . as they do , a gargoyle's head appear to turn , ever so slightly , in they direction . ext . statue maze - grover' path - day grover hobble among the statue , tapping they with a ancient dagger . the statue be all solid and very life - like , in strange , everyday pose . grover tap a roman soldier . solid . grover move on , the Roman solider begins to move and lift he sword . grover , hearing a noise , look back . nothing . the Roman soldier be stiff . but now he sword be held high . grover doesn't notice and move on . ext . statue maze - percy path - day percy tap the statue . all solid . he come upon a relatively new statue : a middle aged man wear a Chicago cub hat , hold a map as if he be ask for direction . there 's a look of horror on the man 's face . at the end of the row , percy see a large statue of a sleeping , coiled cobra . percy walk toward it . 48 . ext . statue maze - annabeth' path - day annabeth tap each statue and mark they with a " X " after she 's examine they . from the corner of annabeth 's eye , she see a quick blur . someone be running between the statue . annabeth hello ? be someone there ? she turn and ... SHOCK ! annabeth run into a craze , scare hysterical woman , in she late fifty . hysterical woman have to leave ... have to get out ... she 's come ... annabeth who 's come ? what 's go on ? hysterical woman we stop ... for direction ... Bill ... my husband ... Stone ... the woman grab annabeth , pull she through the maze ... ext . statue maze - grover' path - day as grover walk , five more statue come to life . they follow grover like cement zomby , lead by the Roman soldier . every time grover turn back , the statue assume they frozen position . grover stop in front of a statue of a old satyr . grover hey . you look like my uncle ferdinand . but that 's impossible . uncle ferdinand be kill by Medusa -- ( sudden panic , swallow ) auntie ' em . whack ! a concrete sword blade barely miss grover and shatter uncle ferdinand . grover spin and find himself surrounded by live statue . they be close in on he . grover percy ! annabeth ! we be in Medusa 's lair ! on percy stand in front of the coiled cobra as he hear grover 's warning . suddenly the serpent 's eye OPEN , revealing that one of they be a GREEN pearl . the cobra strike at percy . he roll away just in the nick of time . percy whip out he pen , click it . the pen transform into riptide ... 49 , on annabeth the hysterical woman lead annabeth through the statue maze . hysterical woman have to ... get out ... before ... she find we ... annabeth try to break free , but the woman 's grip be strong . on grover the statue close in . grover raise he crutch like they be chinese fight stick . he kick off he shoe , expose he hoove . grover you ugly stiff want a fight ? grover go all shaolin - satyr on they stone ass . he whack they with he crutch , kick they with he powerful hoof . one kick and the statue crumble . on percy the cobra 's tail whip at he . percy slam into a group of statue , knock they over like bowl pin . percy rise up . the cobra strike again . percy dive out of the way ... ++.j just as grover leap into the action . the cobra turn toward grover . and in that instant , percy hurl he sword . riptide fly through the AIR and impale the cobra , right below the eye . the cobra fall , crumbling into a hundred piece . the GREEN pearl ( the size of a golf ball ) roll to percy 's foot . he pick it up . grover pick up the sword and it turn back to a pen . he hand it to percy , who be concerned , worried . percy where 's annabeth ? on annabeth the hysterical woman continue to pull annabeth through the maze of statue . annabeth finally stop the woman . annabeth look ! you have get to tell I what 's go on ! who be we run from ?!? medusa ( 0.s. ) leave so soon ? annabeth turn to the direction of the voice . a woman , dress all in black , be stand there . 50 . she be wear a long black gown , that cover everything but she hand . her hair be wrap in a black turban . she wear impenetrable black sunglass . this be medusa . medusa leave so soon ? the hysterical woman scream . annabeth back away . Medusa look at annabeth , sniff the air around she . medusa you have such beautiful gray eye . I have only see eye like that once before ... Medusa slowly start to unwrap she turban . medusa +..on the face of the bitch that do this to I . as she unwrap she turban , we see the face of Medusa for the first time ... greenish , crack , distort , and pulsating . she remove the last of the turban , revealing the live , hissing snake that be she hair . the snake be snapping at each other . angry . annabeth be freaked . medusa the daughter of Athena here in my emporium . and my hair so unruly . Medusa walk to the coca-cola cooler and open it . Medusa bend down , lower she head into the cooler . when she pull she head out , each of she hair - snake have a mouse in its mouth , swallow they . it 's a horrific sight . this cause the snake to calm down slightly , stop fight each other . Medusa approach the girl . annabeth recoil in horror as the snake SNAP at she . Medusa lower she sunglass ... medusa I have see you eye . it 's time for you to see mine . she take off she glass , revealing she glowing yellow eye . annabeth quickly look away . the hysterical woman can't resist a peek . she look and be hypnotized . as she stare into Medusa 's eye , she begin to turn to stone . her hand turn to stone , still hold annabeth 's arm . annabeth shudder , can't break free from the cement grip . Medusa move she face to within inch of annabeth 's face . the snake " feel " annabeth 's face , as if they be the finger of a blind person . annabeth keep she eye sealed . 51 . medusa what a wonderful addition you will make to my collection . or perhaps I will send you back to Mom . one piece at a time . ext . statue maze - day percy and grover watch from the cover of the statue . percy how be we suppose to fight something we can not look at ? grover you can look at she reflection . ina mirror or something . grover pull a itouch from he pocket , hold it up . Medusa be visible in the reflective back . percy grab it . percy you get annabeth while I distract Medusa . percy sigh , sneak off , itouch in one hand , the pen in the other . he duck behind a large statue , hold out the itouch to get a view of Medusa , who be still in annabeth 's face . medusa sooner or later you will open that big grey eye . the temptation to look be too hard to resist . percy ( 0.s. ) I could resist you ugly - ass face for a looooo time . Medusa spin around , hiss . medusa who be that !? who 's there !? Medusa walk to the edge of the statue maze . she look around , sniff the air . percy move swiftly from statue to statue , keep a view of Medusa in he itouch mirror . medusa I can smell you , demigod . come out and I may let you live . Medusa walk into the statue maze . second later , grover run out , to annabeth . he whisper to she . grover you can open you eye . it 's I , grover . 52 . annabeth ( open she eye ) grover ! thank god . auntie em be -- grover slam he crutch into the arm of the hysterical woman statue . it crumble , release annabeth . grover Medusa . we know . int . statue maze - day Medusa race through the maze , hone in on percy . even the snake be searching , looking around . but percy run ahead , watch she every move in he itouch 's reflective surface . medusa who be you ? why be you here ? percy the name be percy Jackson ... he stealthily duck to another position . Medusa follows . percy Son of Poseidon . as Medusa get closer and closer , percy grip he pen . medusa so it be true . the mighty Poseidon have a child . percy doesn't respond . Medusa be too close . a few more step and she will be in striking distance . medusa you can not hide for long , lightn thief . this statue be not just my victim ... she let out a loud , terrifying hisssssss . medusa they be my slave . the statue near percy come to life , grab he . the itouch fall to the ground . Medusa step forward , get right in percy 's face . he close he eye . the snake be all pose to strike at once . medusa I will give you a choice . give I the lightning bolt ... or die by the poison fang of my serpent ... 53 . a car horn blare ! Medusa look up , see ... her rusted pick - up truck , crashing through the path of statue , heading down the path , toward they . grover be at the wheel , annabeth be beside he . both be blindfolded . percy use the distraction to kick Medusa away . he click the pen , turn it into the sword and break free from the statue , just as ... ... the pick - up plows into the statue maze . statues tumble and crumble . as the dust clear , Medusa look around angrily . she see no sign of percy . she see the itouch , lie in the rubble . Medusa pick it up . she turn it around to the shiny side . she see percy reflection . he 's stand right behind her . percy add this to you playlist . percy swing the sword . whack ! Medusa 's head goe flying . it hit the windshield of the truck and fall to the ground . grover and annabeth get out of the truck , take off they blindfold . percy join they and they see the hair - snake dragging Medusa 's head away , across the ground . grover that 's something you do not see every day . annabeth we should take it with we . percy the head ?! you be kid . annabeth her eye still work , dead or alive . never know when something like that might come in handy . percy ( nod , to grover ) gimmee ' you jacket . grover what ? percy you jacket . we need something to wrap it in . at least until we can get a ice bucket . grover reluctantly give percy he jacket . percy grab the head , wrap it up . percy toss the head back to grover , who fumble it like a hot potato and toss it to annabeth . 54 . she toss it into the back of the truck where it land with a squishy thud . percy hold up the pearl for all to see . percy one down , two to go . int . auntie em' - office - moment later - day percy open the cash register , take the cash and gold drachmas . ext . deserted highway - day Medusa 's truck peel out onto the highway . int . truck - front seat - day grover drive . percy and annabeth be in front with he . percy study the map . annabeth hold the green pearl up to the light . annabeth you think luke could have warn we that Medusa be guard this ... percy maybe he do not know . grover ( glance to percy ) where 's the next location ? on the map , the second address appear ... centennial park . nashville , tennessee percy Nashville . grover nods , floors the gas . the shock pink 's " venus " blast from the radio . dissolve to : int . truck - later - night annabeth and percy be fast asleep ( she head be on he shoulder ) . grover 's head be bob as he fight off sleep . the pick - up glide into the on-come lane of traffic . headlight shine on they and a car hoooooonk ! grover jerk awake , see the oncoming car , scream , and swerve back into the right lane . percy and annabeth jolt awake as the pick -up fishtail in the shoulder , then get back on the road . grover be startled , freaked . percy we should stop for the night . 55 . ext . motel 6 - night somewhere on the i-70 west head toward Missouri . the Motel be locate next to a interstate exit . the vacancy light be on . the pick - up truck pull into the parking lot . int . motel 6 office - lobby - night a cramped , dusty reception area . the manager , a scrawny 74 year old , sit behind the desk . grover , wear he handicap disguise , enter with percy and annabeth . percy we need a room . manager you get a i.d .? the manager stare they down suspiciously . percy take out a wad of cash , peel off five twenty . the manager grab a bill , hold it up , look at it , then look at percy . manager the spittin ' image . int . motel 6 room - night percy open the door . they enter the small , musty old room . there be one queen bed . grover 's pocket be pack with countless vend machine snack . annabeth only one bed . grover I will sleep in the chair . grover dump out the pile of snack onto the bed . he plop down in the chair , click on the tv and start eat a snicker ' bar , wrapper and all . grover go to the adult movie pay channel and make a selection . annabeth grab the remote and turn off the tv . grover glare at she . grover what ?! I can not watch a movie ?! percy unwrap a snicker , sit on the bed , look to annabeth . percy pretty big bed . maybe we could both -- she throw a pillow at he . annabeth floor or bathtub . you call . 56 . percy ( sigh , stand ) I will get some ice . int . motel 6 - bedroom bathroom - later - night percy fill the sink with ice and place Medusa 's head in it . he have duct - tape her eye shut , so there be no danger of stone themselves . percy and annabeth ( she 's wear cotton boxer and a T-shirt , ready for bed ) both grimace at the head , its skin bluish , surround with floppy dead snake . grover ( 0.s. ) percy ! get in here ! int . MAIN bedroom - night percy and annabeth hurriedly enter . grover , cover in crumb , surround by half eat junk food , finish chugge a coke , then start chewing on the can . he look at percy . grover you be on tv . on the tv screen : a news anchor sit at a desk , a school yearbook photo of percy be on the screen behind she . news anchor ( on tv ) --- and still no word on the disappearance of seventeen - year old percy Jackson and he mother Sally . gabe ugliano , Sally 's husband , maintain that the 17 year old percy be behind the disappearance . cut to : gabe , stand in front of he garage , be interview by a reporter . gabe ( on tv ) kid 's be in trouble he whole life . a real loser . percy watch the screen . stoic . annabeth look at he sympathetically . gabe ( on tv ) I mean ... what kind of derange person kidnap he own mother ? reporter ( on tv ) Mr. ugliano be offer a cash reward for any information on the whereabouts of he wife , son -- gabe ( on tv ) step-son. 57 . reporter ( on tv ) stepson . gabe ( on tv ) kid 's no blood relation to I . percy look away . grover try to lighten the situation . grover cool . you be a fugitive . annabeth this be go to complicate thing . percy do not respond . he stand , exit , shutting the door behind he . annabeth and grover exchange a concerned look . ext . motel 6 - pool - night percy swim the length of the pool underwater , purging he emotion . when he surface , annabeth be stand there . annabeth Nice work today , save we from Medusa ... thanks . ( extend she hand ) Friends ? percy reach up ... and pull annabeth into the pool . percy mess with the son of Poseidon ... you be gonna get wet . annabeth splashes frantically , like she 's drown . annabeth can not ... swim ... percy panic , reach for she ... and she leap up and shove he head under the water . when he surface , she 's laughing . annabeth mess with the daughter of Athena ... you be gonna ' get outsmart every time . percy then I be glad you be on my side . they exchange a warm smile . percy so ... why do we parent hate each other ? 58 . annabeth they both want to be patron God of athen . the people choose Athena . Poseidon be insulted . he curse the city so they would never have enough water . we parent have hate each other ever since . percy my old man sound like a bigger jerk than my stepfather . annabeth I doubt that . besides , that 's the historical version ... I think there be another reason you Father get so angry at my Mom ... percy why 's that ? annabeth he have a huge crush on she . and she blow he off . percy how do you know it be not the other way around ? annabeth you have not meet my Mom . percy what 's she like ? annabeth intense . always busy . the rare time we spend together , she criticize everything I do , point out all my weakness ... she say it 's to make I stronger and wiser . but it only piss I off . ( roll she eye , smile ) she would be furious if she know I be help you . percy ( playfully , a touch serious ) so that 's why you come ... rebel against mommy ... you want she to notice you , see how tough you be ... annabeth maybe . a little . but I have other reason too . they look deep into each other 's eye , intense attraction ... 59 . percy like what ? they slowly lean into each other , lip get closer ... annabeth like ... they lip be almost touch . they kiss be interrupted by ... a flashlight beam , shine on they . manager what 's goin ' on here ? percy / annabeth we're ... just talk . manager no funny business in the pool . get out . percy and annabeth climb out , they moment go . the manager walk away . the two share a awkward beat of silence . percy I be ... I be gonna ' chill out here for a while . you can stay if you -- annabeth actually , I be pretty tired . I think I will call it a night . goodnight , percy . she give he a peck on the cheek , walk away to the room . percy sigh . frustrate . ext . motel 6 pool - the following morning - dawn percy be asleep . at the bottom of the pool . he open he eye , swim to the surface and get out . ext . motel 6 office - dawn the manager pour himself a cup of coffee , accidentally spill some on the desk . he grab a USA today newspaper to sop up the mess . percy 's photo be on the front page . the headline : " teen boy still missing ; wanted for questioning . " he recognize percy , pick up the paper , examine it . manager the spittin ' image . int . motel room - moment later - day annabeth be in bed , waking up . grover walk out of the bathroom hold the medusa head by the snake-hair . 60 . grover alright . who put Medusa 's head in the sink ? ext . motel room - day the manger be peak in through a gap between the curtain . he see grover holding up the severe medusa head . the manager gag , hold back vomit . terrify , he back away from the window ... and bump right into ... percy . percy look for something ? the manager , petrify , try to speak . manager you ... you ... kill she ... you kill you own mother . percy , confuse , see the USA today clutch in the manager 's hand . percy see he photo on the front page , look to the window , see grover , inside the room , hold Medusa 's head . the manager pull out a pistol , aim at percy . manager murderer ! percy no , I be not ... it 's not what you think ... the manager back away , still hold the gun on percy . percy step forward , try to explain . percy you get it all wrong ... the manager click the pistol . ready to shoot . percy close he eye , concentrate . the pool 's water ripples . a huge wave erupt over the side of the pool . the manager look up , see the wave rise over the pool . it engulf the manager and sweep he down the street . percy race back to the room . percy guy ! we be check out ! ext . the heartland of america - day the pick-up cruise on a two - lane blacktop highway . the weather be get more ominous . Dark cloud . heavy wind . int . truck - day everyone be quiet , reflective . annabeth be asleep between grover and percy , she head on percy 's shoulder . he 's look out the window , watch the landscape pass before he eye . 61 . percy look to annabeth , rest peacefully on he shoulder . a small smile appear on percy 's face . ext . CITY skyline - the following morning the pick - up pass a sign that read : welcome to nashville . athens of the south ! ext . nashville - centennial park - day the pick - up truck pull up . percy . grover and annabeth step out . percy wear sunglass and a baseball cap , pull down to conceal he identity . camera pull back . we be in the middle of a large park , crowded with people . percy . grover and annabeth walk through the park , pass family on picnic , jogger , STREET performers , to stand before ... the parthenon . a exact duplicate of the ancient Greek architecture , directly in the middle of a modern Nashville park . the juxtaposition of past and present be striking . percy , grover and annabeth examine the map , look up at the parthenon . grover the second pearl . it 's in there . somewhere . annabeth wish luke 's map have be a little more specific than " parthenon " . int . nashville parthenon - day fill with tourist . percy , grover and annabeth enter . the space be surround by impose column , housing a 41 foot statue of the goddess athena . it 's as if they have step back in time 4000 year . annabeth , slightly move , look at the statue . percy notice the name athena on the base of the statue , turn to annabeth ... percy you Mom ? annabeth nod . percy do she really look like that ? annabeth slight resemblance . grover Nice rack . 62 . annabeth Excuse I ?! grover nothing . hormone . sorry . percy 's eye widen . he see something offscreen . percy up there . percy point to the top of the statue . grover and annabeth look up . the second GREEN pearl be embed in the middle of Athena 's crown , surround by rare , colorful jewel . grover too easy . annabeth not really . it 's 40 foot in the air . the place be fill with tourist and security guard . be we suppose to just jump up and grab it ? Long pause . percy smile . a idea . percy maybe . close - up : a shoe BOX . percy 's hand come into frame and open the box lid . Inside , be the winged shoe , give to percy from luke . camera pull back . the three of they sit at a picnic table in the park . percy pick up the winge shoe , examine they . percy luke give I this for a reason . tonight , after close hour ... I will sneak in . ext . parthenon - later - night close for the evening . the surround park be deserted , save for one security guard , who sit in a small booth , several foot from the parthenon entrance . the guard be a acne face , gawky 23 year old redneck . hiding in a tall section of bush , percy , annabeth and grover keep watch on the parthenon . percy take off he sneaker , replace they with the winged shoe . he stand , shuffle , like a runner prepare for a marathon . he look at grover and annabeth . percy any idea how this thing work ? 63 . grover you break into a run , build up speed ... like a jet on a runway . but it take a bit of -- percy run forward , through the parking lot . he 's moving fast . suddenly , he begin to lift off ... like a jet ... percy be propelled ten , fifteen feet in the air ... then ... percy flip in mid-air . head over heel . he fall straight to the ground . he land hard . on he back . smack ! grover -- practice . annabeth and grover run to percy , who struggle to he foot , slightly shaken . day . the wind knocked out of he . percy okay , okay ... I can do this ... ext . parthenon - later - night the guard sit in he booth , head bury in a copy of car and Driver magazine . High above , out of the guard 's view , the silhouette of percy fly across the moonlit sky . percy swerve , bounce ... fly slightly erratically . he 's start to gain control , maintain he balance ... stay in the AIR . percy move fast . annabeth and grover watch from the safety and cover of the bushes . percy fly toward the parthenon , soar through the column . int . parthenon - night percy fly inside , move quickly . he soar toward the statue of athena . percy 's fly be get a bit more confident , smooth ... annabeth and grover watch from the bush . nervous . tense . percy fly directly toward Athena . he be moving fast . he look down at the shoe . a worried look cover he face . grover , concerned , turn to annabeth . grover I forget to teach he to slow down -- percy can't slow down ... inches from the athena statue . he crash into the statue . 64 . the statue tilt ... begins to fall ... percy fly back around , manage to stop the statue from hitting the floor . the statue teeters at a 45 degree angle . use all of he strength , percy push the statue upright ... into place . there be a small grinding SOUND as the statue fit back onto its base . the guard look up for a moment . do he hear something ? the guard shrug to himself , goe back to read he magazine . percy , sweat , nervous ... perch on the statue 's shoulder . percy be tiny , compare to the large face of Athena , mount rushmore - like in its majestic grandeur . percy look up , see the green pearl , the centerpiece of Athena 's crown . percy reach up ... he can only touch the bottom of the statue 's ear lobe . percy begin to climb up onto the statue 's earring , toward the top of she head . annabeth and grover watch in breathless anticipation . percy climb upward . the statue 's surface be smooth ... slippery ... percy 's foot slip ... he fall . percy save himself , grabbing onto Athena 's crown . annabeth and grover catch there breath . percy get he foot , begin to climb to the top of Athena 's crown . from here , percy be able to reach out and touch the green pearl . with some difficulty , percy manage to remove the pearl from the crown . he hold it up , victoriously , for annabeth and grover to see . annabeth he do it . grover not quite . grover point to the guard booth . it 's empty . Inside the parthenon , percy put the green pearl into he pocket . he be about to fly away ... suddenly interrupted ... security guard get off the statue . 65 . percy look down . the security guard stand below the statue . he hold a gun , pointed at percy . percy yes , sir . security guard ( extend gun ) now . percy climb down the face of the statue . he land on the floor , in front of the security guard . percy raise he hand . the Security Guard grins . security guard you look familiar . percy no ... security guard you be that kid . on the news . the one who kill he mother . percy you be think of somebody else ... security guard naw ... it 's you . I remember the eye . annabeth ( 0.s. ) Drop you gun . the Security Guard turn . grover and annabeth stand a few foot away . annabeth be hold a bow and arrow , pointed at the Security Guard , who chuckle . security guard you think a arrow 's gonna ' stop I ? annabeth I be a olympian . security guard I know who you be , daughter of Athena . annabeth , grover and percy exchange a puzzle glance . the Security Guard turn to percy . security guard I have be expect you , percy Jackson . percy you know I ? 66 . security guard just give I the lightning bolt . and I will let you go . percy I do not have it . security guard ( sigh ) I really hope to avoid this ... the Security Guard take a deep breath ... then exhales ... his outer skin explode ! showering the room with countless fragment . percy , annabeth and grover hide they eye . piece of the Security Guard fly by they . all that remains of the security guard , be a thick , swirl , puff of smoke , on the floor . percy , annabeth and grover slowly walk to the smoke . they look down . the smoke begins to clear ... revealing ... a reptilian eye . more smoke clear . two eye appear ... follow by three , four ... six , seven ... percy , annabeth and grover step back . fourteen eye be reveal ... on seven different head . the head be reptilian . vicious . snarling . the head rise up from the smoke , growing high above the kid ' head . the head fully form into the giant , dragon - like body of the seven head ... grover hydra ! annabeth shoot arrow at the hydra . the sting arrow only make the beast angrier . its monstrous head swoop down , jaw snapping at annabeth and grover . they dive behind the stone column for cover , set off the alarm . percy reach into he backpack , pull out luke 's shield . percy leap onto one of the hydra-head . it try to shake he off . the other hydra-head lurch toward percy , snapping they fange jaw . percy twist to avoid they . he reach into he pocket ... remove he pen and activate he sword . 67 . another hydra-head swoops toward percy . he swing the sword and decapitate the head . it spews thick GREEN blood . the other six head scream in pain . percy leap onto another head , that thrashes at he , ripping away a piece of percy 's shoulder . another head slashes percy 's thigh . another head go for the jugular , moment before percy manage to decapitate it . annabeth percy ! stop ! you be only make it worse ! percy what be you talk about ?! annabeth when you cut off one hydra head -- the two headless neck twist around as if they be stare at percy . annabeth -- Three grow back ! three more head pop out of each of the neck ! now the hydra be a beast with eleven head ! the head SNAP at percy , drawing more blood . percy leap from one head ... to another ... to another and ... get hung up by one of the fang . it have ripped through he pant leg . percy dangle helplessly , use he sword to keep the other head at bay . the hydra-head flip percy up into its mouth . percy be stuck inside the hydra 's mouth . the beast bite down . percy extend he shield . the hydra 's fang strike down on the shield , locking the creature 's mouth OPEN . saving percy . for a moment . but percy be trapped , he shirt caught on the hydra 's fang . annabeth fire more arrow at the head , annoying and distracting they . percy can't break free . luke 's shield be bending ... about to SNAP . the hydra fang be only inches from percy 's midsection . he 's about to be bitten in two . annabeth continue to FIRE arrow . she call to grover . annabeth grover ! do something ! 68. grover look around for some sort of weapon ... he spot percy 's backpack . a idea . percy use all of he strength to hold OPEN the hydra mouth . but the creature be too strong . the hydra 's mouth start to close ... its teeth inches from penetrate percy 's torso ... grover ( 0.s. ) guy ! don't look back ! grover stand behind they . he 's unwrapped the Medusa head . he extend it forward . toward the hydra . grover extend the Medusa head and rip the tape off of Medusa 's eye ... facing the hydra ... hydra 's eye lock with Medusa 's . the hydra turn to stone . annabeth 's final arrow bounce off the hydra 's stone body . percy knock out some of the hydra 's stone tooth , to free himself from the beast 's mouth . percy grab luke 's bent shield and leap onto the stone hydra neck . percy slide down the neck , to the ground . grover put the tape back over Medusa 's eye , place she head back into the backpack , look at annabeth . grover you be right . she do come in handy . they turn , look back at the now stone hydra . it fit in quite nicely with the parthenon 's architecture . percy remove the GREEN pearl from he pocket . percy two down , one to go . annabeth notice the burglar alarm blaring from inside . annabeth let 's get back to the truck ... they hurriedly exit . ext . parthenon - parking lot - night percy , annabeth and grover run to they truck . they be interrupted by a sound . 69 . police captain ( 0.s. ) raise you hand . above you head . they turn . three police car surround they . cop AIM they pistol at the kid . percy , annabeth and grover raise they hand . suddenly , there be a faint , distant SOUND of a powerful engine . it grow louder ... louder ... a black humvee barrel through the crowd , smashes through police car , and skid to a stop in front of the kid . the license plate read : " warmngr " . the cop FIRE they gun . the driver roll down he window . ( think bruce willis ) . he be dress in leather , adorn with military medal from various era . his face be angular , hard , with a strong jaw . his head be shave . he wear a soul patch . this be are , GOD of war . he lower he aviator sunglass , grin at percy . are you ride 's here . annabeth are ? percy the God of War ?!? as bullet fly around they , grover shout . grover I think we should get in . int . humvee - night the kid jump in . are throw it into gear , let out a war whoop and drive straight at the police line . they continue to FIRE on the humvee . bullet bounce off the window . ext . park - night are plows right through they barricade , and out of the park . police car chase after the humvee . int . humvee - night are cackle wildly , love the chase . annabeth what be you do here ? are save you ass . 70 . ext . nashville CITY street - night police car be in pursuit of the humvee . are take corner so fast that the humvee tip on two wheel . int . humvee - night percy , grover , and annabeth be freaked . scare . grover we be all gonna ' die ! are casualty of war . ext . nashville street - night Police car be now come at the humvee from all side . int . humvee - night are time to go stealth . are flick a dashboard switch . ext . CITY street - night the humvee disappear in the midst of the chase . it be now a shimmering shape , camouflage from the human eye . the humvee drive off into the night . free . ext . chuck 's diner - night the humvee pull into Chuck 's , a fifty style diner . are ( 0.c . ) anybody hungry ? we get a long drive ahead of we . are and the kid step out of the humvee . annabeth they be gonna ' be look for this car . it 's kinda ' ... unique ... are click the auto-lock on he key-chain . the humvee transform , into a 1970 's blue vw hippie van . are not any more . int . chuck diner - day a modest , family diner . the turtles " happy together " play on the jukebox . are enter . 71 . as he pass the jukebox , we hear the 45 record scratch . the song change to Van halen 's " runnin ' with the Devil " . are strut down the restaurant aisle . percy , annabeth , and grover be behind he . are walk by each booth , he mere presence evoke calamity and tension . as are pass , baby cry , people start to argue ... are sit in a booth , at the back of the place . the kid join he . with sudden tension in the air , the kid be fidgety , uncomfortable . the waitress deliver the menus . are thank you , mar 'am . no menus . four cheeseburger . rare . annabeth I be a vegetar -- are four cheeseburger . rare ! the waitress nod , walk away . annabeth why be you really here , are ? are chiron send I . annabeth why ? are to bring you to Olympus . percy we will get there . we get time . are not much . you check out the weather recently ?... the kid look out the window . the sky above be fill with swiftly moving black cloud . ominous . threatening . are every day it get worse . that mean Zeus and Poseidon be gearin ' up for battle . summer solstice be only ten day from now . and if the bolt be not return to Zeus by then ... it 's war . percy I be get my Mom first . 72 . are kinda ' selfish , kid ... put you personal feeling over the fate of civilization ... percy once Zeus find out I be not the lightn thief , word will spread fast . then hade will kill my mother . are true ... percy so I need to save she first , then convince Zeus of my innocence . are unfortunately , you do not have much choice in the matter . you be my prisoner now . the waitress arrive with the burger . are lift the burger bun , examine the beef . he snap at the waitress . are ( cont 'd ) I say rare ! waitress I be sorry . I tell they -- he shove he plate into the waitress 's stomach , nearly knocking the wind out of she . scare , she nod . waitress I will ... get ... another ... one . the other customer be staring . are turn , glare at they . are what be you look at ! get back to stuffin ' you face before I bash ‘em in ! the patron do as they be tell . are look back to percy , grins , as if nothing happen , speak calmly . are so if you be not the lightn thief ... who be ?... grover hade ? are no way . 73 . grover if hade possess the bolt and the son of Poseidon , he have all the power and leverage he need to take over Olympus . I will bet he 's use percy 's Mom to lure he into a trap . are hade be not that bright . no ... whoever take the bolt would be much more clever ... someone who would want to start a war of the god ... the kid look at are , accusingly . are ( cont 'd ) oh ... because I be the God of War , I take it ? wrong ! my business be all down here , on earth . and if you have not notice ... it 's booming right now . annabeth then who else would steal it ? are someone real clever ... a master strategist ... ( turn to annabeth ) like Athena . annabeth my Mom ? grover and percy turn to annabeth . annabeth ( cont ’d ) you think my mom be the thief !? are mother , daughter , all the same . maybe the real question be ... why be you here ? grover be percy 's protector . but why do you come along ? to keep a eye on this two ? to get rid of all the loose end ?... annabeth ( furious , passionate ) my mom do not start war . are first time for everything . the burly , badass , muscular owner , chuck , cover with tattoo , wear a stain apron , drop the new burger plate in front of are . Chuck leans into into are ' face . 74 . chuck next time you yell at my waitress and berate my customer , you be gonna ' be wearin ' you food . get that , rambo ? are ( calm ) you be right . I be sorry . that be uncall for then ... whack ! whack ! in two quick punch , are send Chuck fall to the floor , bleed , writhe in pain . are unfold some bill and drop they on the table . he grab he burger , head for the door , shove the kid ahead . ext . chuck 's diner - moment later - night are push the kid into the back of the van . percy stop , desperate , look at are . percy are , please ... let I go ... I gotta ' try and save my Mom ... it 's my last chance ... are sorry , kid . can not do it . he shove percy into the car . are jump into the driver 's seat , start the van and speed out of the parking lot . percy stare out the window , depressed . int . van - night are drive . percy be slumped forward , near tear . all of he hope ... gone . annabeth exchange a concerned look with grover . she pause , get a idea ... leans forward , to are . annabeth are ... are what ? annabeth do you ever stop and think about a war between the god ?... it would be spectacular ... the ultimate battle ... are ( ponder ) yeah ... annabeth have not you be wait year for something like this ? 75 . are ( think , nod ) Centuries . annabeth exactly . and look at we ? have you ever see three such pathetic loser ? are glance to the rearview mirror . annabeth do we really look like we can defeat hade ? I be betting that we get kill on we little suicide mission . I be betting we never even make it to Olympus , that Zeus never get he bolt . and you know what that mean ... are ( softly , eye light ) War . annabeth but if you take we to Olympus ... well , there will not be a war . only ... are ( sadly , softly ) peace . are ' eye glaze over over . ext . railroad track - later - night are ' van pull up to the side of the track , locate on a desert country road . the back door slide OPEN . percy , annabeth and grover get out . are roll down he window . are I will tell chiron I could not find you . percy nod , exchange a hopeful look with annabeth . are I would wish you good luck ... but you survival be not exactly in my best interest ... are close the window , drive off . the van vanish in a ball of light and a sonic boom . grover watch . grover sweet guy . percy embrace annabeth . 76 . percy just like you Mom . a master strategist . ( sincere , passionate ) thank you so much . they lean forward , look as if they be about to kiss ... grover clear he throat . grover okay . which way to the next pearl ? percy open the map . the third location glow : las vega , nevada . lotus land casino . in the distance , we hear a train whistle . percy take off along the railroad track , motion to annabeth and grover . percy we get ten day to save my Mom . and the world . c'mon ! ext . railroad track - later - night percy , annabeth and grover hurry along the track . a train pull BOX car roll toward they . percy check he map with a flashlight . percy this one 's head West . percy start running toward it . annabeth and grover follow . they run alongside the train . percy leap into one of the box car , reach out he hand and pull annabeth in . percy c'mon , grover ! grover run along the side of the train , plant he crutch like ski pole and leap with a single bound . he fly right into the box car . int . train car - moving - night grover land . he get to he foot . percy and annabeth be stare at something . percy we get company . they be inside of a car fill with farm animal . chicken , cow , goat ... 77 . int . train car - later - night a small FIRE burn in the middle of the box car . grover , percy and annabeth be seated around it . the animal surround they . annabeth ( know what he 's think ) do not look at I like that . grover like what ? annabeth like that . grover you be be paranoid . annabeth I know what you be think . grover no. maybe . okay . cross my mind . for a second . percy what be you two talk about ? annabeth ( angry ) a grover think my Mom be the lightn thief . grover no . not totally . I mean , I would not be surprised . she do hate percy 's dad . and with a little help from you , she could cause Poseidon great pain ... by hurt he son . annabeth ( furious ) I would not do anything to hurt percy . grover you almost kill he back at the Camp . annabeth ( get upset ) that be before ... grover before what ? 78 . annabeth before I -- annabeth can not answer , too fill with emotion . her eye fill with tear . she glance at percy , hurry to the side of the train car , slide open the door and climb outside , onto the exterior ladder . percy annabeth ... wait ... annabeth climb onto the roof of the train car . percy , annoyed , turn to grover . percy smooth . grover ( shrug ) hey , I be you protector . I be not suppose to trust anybody who get close to you . even she . percy no wonder you have so much trouble with the opposite sex . grover ( insulted , hurt ) uncalled for . totally uncall for . percy turn , dash outside and climb up onto the boxcar roof . grover steam . ext . boxcar roof - night a warm , romantic night . annabeth sit on the move train roof , look up at the clear night sky , filled with bright star . she be crying . percy walk up , sit beside she . percy hey . a pause . she turn to he , . he wipe a tear from she cheek . annabeth grover 's right . I really do not like you at first . I be a little jealous ... competitive ... but that 's different now ... percy move closer to annabeth , put he arm around she . 79 . annabeth the last few day have be the most exciting time of my life ... and it 's ... ( tenderly ) all because of you . they eye lock . they share they first kiss . int . boxcar - later - night grover , alone with the animal , try to sleep on a pile of straw , cover himself with burlap sack . grover stare ahead , he face a map of frustration and loneliness . a goat saunter up , lick he face . grover mumble to himself . grover percy 's up there , probably hook up with a beautiful girl . and I be down here ... ( look at the goat ) ... with you . the goat continue to lick grover 's face . grover smile , warming up to the goat 's affection . grover giggle . grover stop it . he look up at the goat , ponder ... grover ya ' know ... in this light , at just the right angle ... you be sorta ' cute ... the goat kick grover in the head and walk away . grover sit up . angry . insulted . grover what ?! it 's perfectly natural for I to have feeling for you . well ... ( point to lower half ) ..- half of I . the goat bleat . grover pull the burlap sack over he head . grover good night ! ext . desert - train station - the next morning - day the train pull into a old , ancient train station , alone in the middle of the desert . there 's nothing around for mile and mile , only dry barren land and rocky plateaus . the train come to a stop . on top of the boxcar , annabeth lie in percy 's arm . they be asleep . 80 . grover 's head pop up over the side of the boxcar top . grover hey. Romeo and juliet . percy and annabeth wake up . grover end of the line . percy and annabeth climb down to the train platform . grover give they they backpack . percy how far to Las Vegas ? grover ( check map ) a long way . annabeth we can hitchhike . percy look to the edge of the platform . a sheriff' car be park here . percy road be not safe . annabeth what be we suppose to do ? percy sling he backpack over he shoulder and grab the shield . he take off across the bleak desert terrain . grover you be gonna ' walk all the way to Vegas !? percy ignore he , keep walk . annabeth grab she backpack , follow after percy . grover sigh , follows . ext . desert - series of shot - day percy , grover , and annabeth march across the scorching , shimmer desert landscape like young t.e. lawrence . as the SUN beat down on they , they get slower ... dirtier ... and more parched . they have tear piece of clothing wrap around they head for protection . annabeth glare up at the hot SUN , see buzhard circle . ext . desert - later - dusk the sun be setting . cover in dust , grime and sweat , percy , annabeth and grover have stop to rest in the shade of a rocky mesa . annabeth hold a empty water bottle over she mouth , hope for one more drop . she toss it away . 81 . annabeth empty . they continue walk . exhausted . defeated . dissolve to : ext . desert - later - night it be bitterly cold . percy , annabeth and grover be hungry , cold , fill with a sense of impending doom . they be hovered around a die fire . percy 's arm be wrap around annabeth , who have she arm wrap around grover . the 3 of they be shivering . grover we be still a long way from Vegas ... without water , food ... we be gonna ' die out here ... the kid exchange worried look . dissolve to : ext . desert - the next morning - sunrise the kid be asleep . something approach . large , moving shadow fall over they . we hear snorting , the sound of hoove ... percy , annabeth and grover wake . they look up and see ... a wild horse . the animal stare down at they . the kid leap up , a little freak . there be three wild horse surround they . percy , grover and annabeth stand . the horse be load with basket of fresh fruit , vegetable and canteen of water . grover immediately run to the basket , begin to STUFF he face with the food . one of the horse make a motion , lower its head , beckone percy . the horse bend one leg and kneel in front of percy . annabeth he want you to get on . ( smile ) guess it pay to have a dad who 's God of the horse . percy smile , grab he backpack and shield . he climb onto the horse . once percy be on , the horse rise . the other two horse kneel in front of annabeth and grover . they climb on . ext . desert vista - later - day percy , annabeth and grover ride the horse , across the rocky desert . 82 . percy and annabeth be smile , laugh , feel free , alive ... leave a trail of dust . grover be behind they , do everything he can to hold on . ext . desert edge - sunset the horse be stand on a rocky plateau . the kid be sit on top of the horse , look out over the glitter light of las vega . percy check he map . the sight of the final green pearl read : Las Vegas ... lotus land . percy Las Vegas . last stop before hell . as they ride down toward the city , we see dark ominous STORM cloud churn in the distance , move westward . ext . las vega / lotus land - later - night percy , grover , and annabeth ride along the Vegas strip , on they horse . shock onlooker stare at this three kid on horseback . up ahead , be lotus land , a glittery , glamorous , million - watt casino . it 's design as a huge neon flower , the petal lighting up and blinking . percy , annabeth and grover arrive at the entrance . the horse kneel . the kid hop off . grover be cover in dust , walk bow legge , in tremendous pain . grover goat on a horse . ai not natural . countless Lotus land valet descend upon they . valet welcome to Lotus land . the valet take the horse . the kid enter . int . lotus land - night unlike any casino we have ever see . a teenager paradise . in addition to the regular slot and casino game , there be hundred of video game , everything from classic pac -man to dance -dance revolution . the place be fill with kide and teenager . no parent or adult ( save for employee ) . there 's something odd about the kid ... they be dress in clothes and hairstyle from every decade , span the fiftie through the nineties . percy , annabeth , and grover walk through the casino . percy where would you hide a green pearl ? a eager , too friendly bellhop rush up to they . 83. bellhop welcome to Lotus land . hope you have have a pleasant journey . here 's you room key . percy we be not stay . just pass through . bellhop it 's complimentary . room 4001 . take the elevator to the top . percy no , really -- the persistent bellhop hand they each a GREEN plastic card . bellhop you complimentary Lotus -cash card . good for everything in the hotel and casino . you expense account be unlimited and you never have to pay we back . the bellhop scurries away , kid exchange puzzle glance . percy look at the Green card , annoyed . percy think the guy could take a hint -- a club waitress approach , hold a tray of lotus flowers . club waitress Flowers ? percy take one , sniff it . club waitress they be edible . percy and annabeth each eat a flower . very tasty . grover take a handful and shove they in he mouth , chews . grover delicious . int . room 4001 - later - night percy , annabeth , and grover enter a palatial suite . it have three separate bedroom , a bar stock with candy , soda , and chip . a huge plasma tv , sink lounge area fill with pillow and beanbag chair , a huge indoor swimming pool . the kid be impressed . they immediately start check out the pad . grover hit the bar , open the refrigerator . it be filled with food . the inside of the fridge appear to go on for eternity ... 84 . int . room 4001 bedroom - night annabeth open a closet in one of the room . it be fill with the latest designer dress and shoe . a young girl 's dream . annabeth be amaze , take out a dress , hold it against she body . she look at shoe ... stunned ... annabeth they be all my size . int . second bedroom - night percy be stand in front of another closet . it be fill with a variety of clothes , all he size : suit , tuxedos , jeans , t-shirt , nike ... percy smile . annabeth run into percy 's room , follow by grover . annabeth let 's go out tonight ... have some fun . percy wish we could . but we be on a time - sensitive mission . remember ? annabeth we be ?... what mission ? percy pause , he have to think about it ... he can't recall . percy good question . I can not remember . grover , why be we here ? grover I do not know ... ( shrug ) to have fun ? percy right . have fun . that 's it . okay . so let 's have some fun . int . lotus land - dance club - later - night a DISCO ball spin . colored light flash . dance music play . dry ice mist cover the floor . percy , annabeth , and grover enter . they look incredibly stylish . percy wear a sleek , stylish black tuxedo , annabeth be in a gorgeous ballroom gown , grover be in tail and a top hat . a 70 's dance classic fill the disco . percy extend he hand to annabeth . percy May I have this dance ? 85 . they step on the dance floor , immediately find they groove . a group of gorgeous women walk up to grover , drag he onto the dance floor . percy and annabeth look into each other 's eye , very much in love . they kiss . annabeth let 's stay here forever . percy why not ? they kiss again . it be interrupted by the sound of shout and applauding . they look up and see ... grover , in the middle of the dance floor . he be surround by kid , watch he manic , wildly energetic dance . the girl love he . during he dance , grover rip off pants , expose he goat lower half . grover finish with some show - stop break dance move . percy and annabeth laugh , look to each other and share another deep kiss . dissolve to : int . lotus land - montage - day / night percy , annabeth , and grover be have fun at Lotus land . percy and annabeth be inseparable . they drive mini - sport car throughout the casino , play poker and blackjack , order a table full of dessert at a restaurant . grover strut through the casino with a bevy of scantily clad beauty , gambling at each of the table with they . he win every game that he play . at one point , percy and annabeth pass a seventie kid play a vintage pinball machine . percy accidentally bump the kid . seventie kid hey ! you just cost I the high score . percy sorry . my bad . seventie kid you what ? percy examine the kid , who be wear stripe bell - bottom , a pristine STAR war T-shirt and a bushy seventies for . percy how long have you be here ? 86 . seventie kid couple week . groovy place . percy groovy ?... what year be it ? the seventy kid pause , have to think for a moment . seventie kid 1977 . percy be stunne , worried ... he rub he temple , hearing a deep voice inside he head ... voice ( v.o. ) percy ... wake up ... focus , focus ... percy walk over to a mullet - haire eighties kid , wear parachute pants and a red and black leather jacket . the kid be play donkey kong . percy Excuse I . what year be it !? eighties kid check out my most excellent score . intense , percy grab the eighties kid by the collar . percy what year ?! eighties kid relax , dude ... it 's 1985 , not the end of the world . percy freeze , look around at all of the kid . every single one of they be stick at a specific time , in the past . a voice in percy 's head echoes ... voice ( v.o. ) percy ... you need to get outside ... percy ( to himself ) something ... be not ... right ... percy shake he head , like he 's coming out of a trance . he turn , stand beside a supersize roulette wheel . he notice something . the ball in the wheel , be ... the third GREEN pearl . percy stare at the pearl , try to figure out why it mean so much to he . the ancient croupier give percy a menace , suspicious look . 87 . croupier enjoy you stay ? percy Fine . thanks . croupier Fine ? just ... fine ? percy I mean ... excellent . fantastic . we want to stay forever . percy start to back away , but the croupier grab he . percy break free . the croupier speak into he ear -mic . croupier percy Jackson 's awake . percy look at annabeth ... percy go upstairs . I will meet you there . annabeth what ? but why -- percy ( desperate ) please . just do it . annabeth nod , hurry off . percy turn , see a group of lotus eater head toward he . percy run off , push he way through the crowd . he leap across the gambling table , make it to the roulette wheel and snatch the third GREEN pearl . he leap off the table , run to the glass elevator . the Lotus eater be in hot pursuit . percy get in just before the door close . int . room 4001 - moment later percy barge in . grover be surround by a pile of food wrapper , several young hot women , play a video-game . annabeth be sip a drink , munch on Lotus flower . percy be tense , urgent . percy we have to go ! now ! grover chill . we will go tomorrow . 88. annabeth or the next day . percy grab annabeth and grover and throws they both into the room 's swimming pool . they pop up out of the water . shocked . awake . angry . grover hey ... why would you do that ?! percy you both need to wake up ! you be in some kind of trance ... I be too ... now listen to I . focus . we be trap . in the land of Lotus eater . grover trapped ? but we just get here last night ... annabeth ( come out of it ) Lotus eater ... right ... a cult that life off of the Lotus flower . when you eat a flower , it induce the appearance of eternal youth and forgetfulness ... make you lose you desire to ever leave ... percy and we gotta ' leave now . or we will be stick here forever . they hurriedly pack up they gear . percy gather up he stuff , shove it in he back pack . he grab he pen and he shield . the kid hurriedly exit . grover blow one last kiss to the bevy of beauty . int . casino floor - moment later percy , grover and annabeth race across the floor . lotus- eater swarm after they . percy remove he pen , click it . it become the sword ! percy start hacking he way through the Lotus -eater . a young man in fifty clothes be hit with the sword . he suddenly age , turn to a withere old man before drop to the floor . grover see a new lotus elan convertible on a rotate platform . a sign read , " one lucky winner drive I Home . " grover wheel . 89 . they race to the car , jump up onto the platform . percy fend off the Lotus - eater while grover hot wire the car . it start . percy and annabeth fall into they seat as grover floors it . the car sail off the platform , through the casino , and crash through the front door . ext . lotus land / las vega - day the car fly through the entrance and drive off into the night . several young lotus eater run outside . the moment they leave the casino , they body age several year . they watch percy 's car drive away . the Lotus eater turn and go back inside . as they pass back through the casino entrance , they body return to they youthful state . ext . vega strip - moment later - day the sky be cover with dark , churning STORM cloud . the wind be blowing fiercely , scatter debris . the Lotus elan speed along the middle of the Vegas strip . a newspaper blow onto the windshield . int . lotus elan - day grover weave in and out of traffic , try to see as annabeth grab the news paper . she look at the date . annabeth it 's June 20th . percy grab the paper , look at it . percy we be in there a week ! ? annabeth felt like a day . grover June 20th ... that mean ... tomorrow be ... the summer solstice . annabeth actually midnight . tonight . grover so how do we get to hade ? percy open the map , revealing the glowing location of hade . it read : los angele . beside it , be a sketch of the hollywood sign . 90 . grover slam he foot on the gas . the Lotus speed down the strip ... over 100 mph ! ext . downtown los angele - later - day traffic be bumper-to-bumper on the 110 north through downtown . in the midst of traffic , be the Lotus convertible . int . lotus elan - day percy , grover and annabeth be nervous . worried . grover study the map . the radio plays . radio newscaster ( v.o. ) scientist be baffle by what now appear to be a single storm cloud that have expand to cover the entire United States . hurricane be building in the gulf , savage wave along the country 's coast line be endangering levee ... annabeth ( worried , look at the sky ) Zeus and Poseidon ... prepare for battle ... radio newscaster in other news , want kidnapper and suspect terrorist , 17 year old percy Jackson be still at large .... grover turn off the radio . annabeth roll down the window , see a clock on a building . it read : 12:47 pm . annabeth never think I would be late get to hell because of traffic . percy pause , something deep inside be troubling he . a expression of doubt and weakness cover he face . percy look , guy ... maybe it 's time ... time to stop . annabeth what ? percy are be right . maybe I be be selfish . I mean ... we have get less than twelve hour to stop the war . we should go straight to Olympus . annabeth what about you Mom ? 91 . percy ( defeat ) we have do everything we can ... annabeth ( snap at he ) stop think like a mortal . percy what ? annabeth ( tough , passionate , strong ) I do not come all this way to quit . we can do this , percy . we can save you Mom and still stop the war . but you can not stop believe in yourself . you have come too far . get that weak human thought out of you head ... and start act like a demigod . percy nod , he will go forward . grover check the map . grover we be almost there . there 's we exit . outside , a green exit sign read : " right lane ... hollywood " . ext . hollywood sign - later - day the world famous Hollywood sign . the Lotus elan slide into a parking spot , several foot below the sign . percy and the kid get out of the car , run up the stair , toward the hollywood sign . percy check he map , look up ... percy Pov the hollywood sign . the word begin to re-arrange themselves . the " ywood " section of the sign fade away . the " o " morph into a " E " . the sign now read : hell . annabeth you be sure the entrance be here ? percy positive . ext . hollywood sign - later - day percy , grover , and annabeth hurriedly climb to a area directly below the sign . they be dwarfed by the letter . they look around , cautiously . on the lower half of the letter " h " , there be a section of colorful graffiti , a mixture of street and gang symbol . 92 . percy look closely at the graffiti . it 's actually greek letter . as he stare at they they take shape so that we recognize they : percy " abandon all hope , ye who enter here . " percy reach out and gently touch the " h " surface . there be a loud creaking SOUND . the " h " spin , like a revolving door , send percy , annabeth and grover inside the sign . int . hollywood sign - night the revolve " h " stop , transporting the kid into a cramped , dark room , carve into the grassy , muddy earth . grover pull out a pack of match , light one . this illuminate the three kid and the face of virgil . he be tall , bone thin , with long , grey hair , pierce eye , and a haunt , tragic expression . his skin be pale , with a blue tint . he be dress in flow dark robe . surprised by Virgil 's appearance , the kid jump back . grover the angel of death ! a tiny smile appear on Virgil 's face . virgil nothing so sinister , I be afraid . I be Virgil . guide of the underworld . ( look at they ) the live be not permit here . percy I need to see hade . virgil die and come back . Virgil turn , move back into the darkness . percy we will pay you . Virgil pause , extend he hand . grover put all they cash in the palm . it instantly incinerate . Virgil turn away . percy wait ... 93. percy pull out the gold drachmas he steal from Medusa 's emporium , drop they into Virgil 's hand . Virgil examine the ancient drachmas and smile . suddenly , the " h " spin again , revolving percy , annabeth and grover out of the room ... ext . hollywood sign - day the revolving " h " stop . the kid be now back outside . grover he trick we . annabeth not exactly -- they turn , now overlook the underworld , the dark , alternative universe of Los Angeles . the expansive view of Hollywood have change dramatically , a post-apocalyptic vision of the sunny , green landscape . scatter fire rage throughout the hill . black smoke rise from varied spot , swirling into the blood red sky . Homes and building be burnt out , smoking , vacant . Cars burn , many just skeletal frame . the street of be fill with hundred of soul of the departed . they be white , zombie - like figure , wander aimlessly through the city . the soul be dress in tatter , dirty clothes , like homeless spectre . the sound of they painful wailing and moan echo through the air . Virgil appear , beside percy , grover and annabeth , who stare in horror at the sight before they . virgil welcome to the underworld . Virgil extend a torch . virgil I will take you to hade . ext . underworld street - moment later - day Virgil lead the kid through the street , make they way through burnt out car , carcass of dead animal and crowd of wandering soul . percy be armed with he shield and sword . annabeth hold she bow and arrow . grover clutches he dagger . as the kid pass , the soul touch they , grab they hand , pull they hair ... 94 . virgil soul of the recently depart , wait to find out what level of the underworld they will be send to ... they be harmless . when they sense a live person , they touch they ... it 's comforting , remind they of life 's warmth . one of the soul caress grover 's cheek . he be revolted . grover ewwww ... sooo cold ... ext . hade mansion - later - day Virgil lead annabeth , percy and grover to the entrance of hade ' home , a huge , ratty , dilapidate mansion , surround by rusted iron gate . the facade be crumbling , fill with crack . window be broken . horrible sound of scream and inhuman growling echo from inside the mansion . Virgil remove a rusty ring of keys , find one and open the gate . virgil we will find hade inside . the kid step through the gate . the soul of the depart try to follow , Virgil keep they back , close the gate . Virgil lead percy , grover and annabeth through the overgrown lawn , toward the front door . there be a growling SOUND . a few foot away , two hellhound feast on the carcass of a dead animal . they look up , see percy . the hellhound move toward percy . he extend he sword . the hellhound retract , stay back , not take they eye off of the kid . Virgil lead percy . annabeth and grover onto the crumble stone porch , toward the rotting front door . the rusted brass knocker be shape like a large eagle . percy reach up to knock . Virgil tries to stop he ... virgil that 's -- but percy grab the knocker anyway . the brass eagle come to life , screech and bite percy 's hand . percy leap back , he hand bloodied . he look to the door . the knocker be back to normal . virgil -- not a good idea . percy wipe the blood from he hand . Virgil remove another key and open the door . Virgil glare at percy . virgil I be the guide . remember ? 95 . percy nod . they enter . int . hade mansion - hallway - day percy , annabeth and grover enter . they be in a gigantic hallway , flanke by a twisting staircase . Furniture and lighting fixture be cover in mound of dust and cobweb . rat play on the floor , scattered spider and lizard crawl along the wall . floorboard , section of the staircase ... be rotted away . grover step onto a rotted section of the floor . it break away . grover fall , grabbing onto the edge . below he , be a large basement , fill with angry , hungry lost soul . this be very different creature from the lose soul in the street . they be vicious . deadly . they grab and claw at grover 's leg , try to pull he down below . grover kick and scream , manage to knock a few of they away . percy and annabeth pull at grover , try to save he . finally , they pull he to safety . grover you say they be harmless ! virgil this be the lose soul , already condemn to eternal damnation . very angry . and quite dangerous . grover no shit . a loud , booming voice echoes through the hallway . hade ( 0.s. ) who dare enter my home ?!? virgil it 's Virgil ... I bring visitor . hade who ?! percy percy Jackson . Son of Poseidon . hade ( pause , calm ) nephew . I have be expect you . Virgil lead the kid into another room , toward the SOUND of hade ' voice ... 96 . int . hade dine room - day camera pan along a long dine room table , cover with a abundance of food ... cake , roast , vegetable ... all be rotting ... cover in cobweb , maggot and dust . camera crane back . we be inside of hade elaborate , decaye dining / sit room . two large , tatter leather chair face a enormous stone fireplace . a roaring FIRE be inside . from here , we see the shape of writhing , scream body . they muffle scream be hear . sitting in one chair , watch the scream soul , be persephone , hade ' wife . she be dress in black with long dark hair . her beauty be masked by pale skin , goth make - up , black lipstick , etc . she be bored , miserable , trapped . she sip a glass of red wine . hade be in the other chair . he be pale , rail - thin , with long dark hair , dress like a rocker in leather , skull ring and boot . ( russel brand meet keith Richards ) . hade hold a near empty bottle of wine . a globe , make up of human bone , flicker with a inner golden light , rest on a pedestal beside hade . percy , annabeth and grover enter , lead by Virgil . persephone glance up first , sees the kid . she focus on grover . the satyr notice she , be immediately attracted to she . grover smile , raise a eyebrow . they exchange a seductive look . Virgil clear he throat . virgil Excuse I . Lord hade , sir ... hade turn , look at the kid . he stand , walk to they . annabeth you be hade ? hade would you prefer I look like -- hade instantly transform into a horrific ten - foot high , flaming - winged demon GOD . he get right in annabeth 's face . demon hade -- this ! the kid be freaked , even Virgil be terrify . hade return to normal . Virgil nervously back out of the room . 97 . virgil well ... it appear that my service be no longer need ... good luck , Mr. Jackson . enjoy you stay . Virgil practically stumble over himself , running out of the room . hade raise a eyebrow to percy . hade you be brave to come here , nephew ... I can see the disgust in you eye ... disgust for my world , for what I have become . but this be not my choice . I be banish here by Zeus and you Father . and they have succeed in make my life a .... ( irony not lose ) live hell . ( point to food ) do you know what it 's like to be I ? every feel have be take away . I feel no joy , I feel no pain . I be hungry , but I cannot taste . I be tired , but I can not sleep . ( look at persephone ) I be in love . but I can never fulfill my desire . persephone turn away . hade point to the scream , writhe soul that scream from he fireplace . hade the only pleasure in my life , be human suffer . when other feel pain , when other experience hurt and tragedy ... I feel total and complete joy . I feed on misery . ( a beat ) I be damned to this existence . and my only chance of get out of here , be by defeat my brother , and take control of Olympus . but ... ( extend hand to percy ) I need the bolt . percy ( eye burn ) and I need my mother . hade give I the bolt . and you will see she again . percy I be not the lightn thief . I do not have the bolt . I never do . 98 . hade do you take I for a fool ? percy hold up he shield and sword for protection . hade give it to I ... or say goodbye to you mother . hade turn , grab the human bone globe from its pedestal and throws it onto the ground , directly in front of percy . the globe explode , and there , freeze in a shower of gold , just as she be when the minotaur be about to kill she , be percy 's mom . unconscious . the shower of light dissipate . percy 's mom wake , sit up , see she son . sally percy ? percy 's eye fill with tear . he drop he shield and sword , run to Sally . she look into she son 's eye , smile warmly . they embrace . annabeth and grover be touch . even hade ' wife , persephone , be move . percy look at he mother . percy think I lose you forever . Sally look around at she surroundings . sally be we dead ? grover not yet . but we be work on it . hade sees something offscreen , that catch he attention : percy 's shield . it lie face down . the handle appear to be glowing . surging with light . hade walk up to the shield , pick it up . hade rip the golden handle from the shield . the handle transform into a long clear cylinder , fill with surging , white lightning . hade Zeus ' master bolt . ( to percy ) you lie . percy that be not my shield ... annabeth luke give it to he -- ( a realization ) we be set-up. 99 . grover luke be the lightn thief . hade ( look to the bolt ) now ... I can become King of the god . hade turn to persephone . hade take they weapon . feed they to kronos . persephone nod . she stand , take percy 's sword and shield , grover 's dagger , annabeth 's bow and arrow . she lead percy , Sally , annabeth and grover out of the room . persephone make eye contact with grover , still share a intense attraction . int . hade ' home - cellar - later a enormous cellar , with tower vault brick ceiling and a series of tunnel that stretch into darkness . the wall be dripping wet . percy , annabeth , Sally and grover stand in the middle of the cellar . annabeth I never would have suspect luke ... percy but why do he hide the bolt in he shield ? why do he give it to I ? grover add that to the long list of thing I will never know . like the feel of a naked woman ... or the sweet smell of -- there be a loud grinding SOUND . in the middle of the stone floor , brick separate ... the floor begin to slide OPEN ... revealing a deep pit ... Inside , there be ... a whirlpool of FIRE . from deep in the pit , within the flame , something stir ... it roar ... then scream . everyone run to the side of the cellar , clutching the wall for dear life . the floor continue to slide OPEN , revealing the wait flame directly beneath they ... a giant , demon - like face , make entirely of flame , appear in the whirlpool . percy what 's that ? 100 . grover kronos . Father of the god . technically , you grandfather . percy my grandfather ? grover you , my friend , be the proud member of a very dysfunctional family . ( a beat ) think you old man be a deadbeat dad ?... at least he do not eat he kid . the face of kronos roar . the floor continue to slide OPEN ... grover ( nervously ) or he grandkid . only a few feet of floor remain . grover and Sally clutch to the wall for dear life . annabeth wrap she arm around percy , hold he tight , whisper in he ear . annabeth a sonnet ... from ancient Greece ... ( softly ) he be more than a hero . ( through tear ) he be a god in my eye . the floor continue to OPEN ... inches away from everyone fall to they death ... annabeth and percy share a final kiss ... moment from death . Sally witness this , see that she son have found love . suddenly ... the floor stop open . everyone exchange a puzzle look , holding onto the tiny ledge of rock . the roaring , flaming face of kronos scream from below ... the floor begins to close . the kid and Sally look bewilder , as the floors close below they , much to the dismay of a scream kronos . a hooded figure appear , racing down the stair , toward percy , Sally , annabeth and grover . the figure remove its hood . it 's ... annabeth persephone ?! persephone follow I . 101 . int . hade ' palace —- hallway - moment later persephone be return the kid ' gear , hand annabeth she bow and arrow , percy he sword and shield , grover he dagger . persephone give percy zeus ' bolt . percy why do you save we ? persephone hade have be cruel and abusive ... force I into a loveless marriage . like you mother , I be abduct by hade . I agree to be he wife , only if he would allow I to return to the surface for three month each year . it 's all that I have to look forward to . a war of the god will destroy everything I hold dear in the mortal world ... percy we will do everything we can to stop it . persephone nod , smile . she look at they . persephone you have the pearl ? grover remove the three GREEN pearl from he backpack . persephone only three . ( grover nod ) one of you will have to stay behind . annabeth what do you mean ? persephone each pearl protect only a single person . whoever 's blood touch it . the kid look at each other , unaware of that . persephone make you choice quickly . Sally turn to percy . sally I will stay . you be young , you have you whole life ahead of you ... you need to experience it -- percy take grover 's dagger , quickly grab he mom 's hand and make a slight CUT on she finger ... 102 . sally percy !-- a drop of Sally 's blood trickle onto one of the pearl . percy give the bloody pearl to she . percy then reach for annabeth 's hand . she retract she hand . annabeth do not even think about it . you go with you mom . percy you three be go . I be stay . annabeth percy . there 's -- percy no time to argue . you have to get Zeus 's bolt back to Olympus . he grab annabeth 's hand . she spin , kick the dagger out of percy 's hand . as annabeth reach for it , percy activate riptide and swing , make a shallow CUT across she arm . her blood drip to the floor . annabeth no ! percy roll the pearl in annabeth 's blood , hand it to she . percy take care of my mom . and ... ( whisper to she ) stay safe . I will never forget you . she nod , eye teary . percy turn to grover . percy give I you hand . grover I be not let you stay . percy give I you hand ! grover reluctantly hold out he hand . just as percy be about to CUT grover 's hand ... hade enter . hade where be the bolt ?! hade immediately transform into demonic form . 103 . in that instance , grover quickly sink he teeth into percy 's arm , drawing blood . percy ouuchh ! grover grab the third pearl , drip percy 's blood onto it . grover I be the protector . not you . hade race toward percy . he extend he sword , swinging wildly . percy 's sword pierce hade ' chest . the wound be deep . hade be sent to the floor . black blood pour from he wound . hade , writhing in pain , revert to he human self . percy look back to the other . percy break the pearl ! annabeth and Sally smash the pearl on the ground . they explode in a green flash , enveloping Sally and annabeth in a separate GREEN sphere . each sphere begin to float off off the floor . percy crush the remain green pearl in he hand . he be suddenly enveloped in the sphere . percy look to grover . grover it be a honor protect you . get the bolt to Olympus . you be we only hope . percy I will . and then I will get you out of here . I promise . grover exchange a lustful smile with persephone . grover take you time . percy float away with the other . grover look to hade , badly wounded on the floor . a hand reach out and grab he . it 's persephone . she lead grover out of the house . the three green orb rise up . percy call to the other . percy we need to concentrate , focus on where we be go ... ( a beat ) to Olympus . 104 . the three orb pass through the roof of the mansion ... ext . new york CITY - later - night the Empire State Building be adorn with red , white and blue light . Dark , ominous STORM cloud be in the sky . there be thunder . the few pedestrian on the street , struggle to walk against the strong wind . it 's ominous , eerie , like the world be about to end ... three GREEN orb carry percy , annabeth and Sally , rise up through the street directly in front of the Empire State Building . the orb dissolve . percy look around , confuse . percy this be not Olympus . it 's New York City . annabeth the entrance to Olympus be in there . percy the Empire State Building ? annabeth ( nod ) a secret elevator . top floor . percy glance to a clock on a nearby building : 11:43 pm . percy seventeen minute ' till the war begin . let 's move ! percy remove the lightning bolt cylinder from he backpack , clutching it tightly . annabeth , percy and Sally hurry to the entrance door . a familiar voice call out to they ... luke ( 0.s. ) percy ! give I the bolt ! they all stop , turn upward , to the direction of the voice . it 's luke . he be dress in full armor , hold a long , sharp sword . luke hover several foot above they , wear he own ... very cool , very sleek ... winged shoe . percy luke ... why do you steal Zeus ' bolt ? luke to start a war between Poseidon and Zeus. 105 . percy that 's why you hide it in you shield and give it to I ?... luke when I discover that you be go to the underworld , I realize ... if hade get he hand on the bolt ... there would be a three way war . percy activate riptide . luke rocket toward percy , swipe at he with he sword . percy deflect the blow , falling onto the ground . percy drop the bolt . it begin to roll away ... percy annabeth ! the bolt ! annabeth rush to the bolt . luke swoops down , deliver a spinning kick that send annabeth crashing into a park car . luke grab the bolt , fly up onto a building ledge above . percy and Sally run to annabeth , help she up . annabeth 's shaken , the wind knocked out of she . they hear a slow , buz SOUND . they look to the direction of the sound ... the sound emanate from the bolt in luke 's hand . there be a hairline crack at the top of the bolt . bright , tentacled SPARKS of electricity emit from the crack . luke gently move he hand . the slight movement release lightning from the bolt . the stronger the movement , the more electricity be release ... luke 's eye burn with a newfound power . percy call to he . percy why do you want a war of the god ? luke Control . they have be in power for too many year . it 's time for we generation to take over . Centuries ago , the olympian defeat they parent and take control . why should not we do the same ? annabeth because you will destroy all of mankind in the process .. luke exactly . give the young god a opportunity to start over , to create a new world of heroes ... 106 . percy you be no hero . with a quick SNAP of he wrist , luke triggers the bolt . a blast of lighting shoot out and blow a massive hole into the building behind percy , annabeth and Sally . they leap out of the way as concrete and brick fall around they . luke smile , glance to the bolt , impressed . percy glance to a nearby FIRE hydrant , concentrating on it . luke aim the bolt at they again . he fire . they dash out of the way . the lightning strike a nearby empty garbage truck . the truck be incinerated , leave a massive crater in the street . directly below luke , the FIRE hydrant start to shake . luke doesn't notice . furious , luke glare at percy , annabeth and Sally ... he aim the bolt , about to blast they , when ... the fire hydrant below explode . Water shoot upward and blast luke . the force knock luke off the building ledge . luke fall , land on the ground . day , nearly unconscious . the lightning bolt lie on the ground , a few foot beside he . percy draw he sword , run forward and reach down , about to grab the bolt ... luke be quick . he draw he sword , leap to he foot and stop percy from get the bolt . luke and percy face off against each other . the bolt be on the ground between they . they begin to fight , sword clashing . percy shout to annabeth and Sally . percy get to Olympus ! tell Zeus everything ! annabeth and Sally run inside the Empire State Building . percy and luke continue a heat battle . percy be nearly luke 's equal . they fight like two warrior . int . empire state build - lobby - night annabeth and Sally run inside . the security guard call out . security guard hey !... observation deck 's close -- 107 . annabeth and Sally ignore he , jump into a OPEN elevator . the door close , just as the Security Guard run up . ext . empire state build - STREET - night luke and percy be still in a heat swordfight . luke be faster . he pull back he sword . whack ! slice across percy 's midsection . percy fall to he knee , bleeding , a deep CUT across he torso . luke grab the bolt . he turn to the Empire State Building , aim the bolt at the rooftop , toward the lightning rod perch here . luke snap he wrist , fire at the lightning rod . a direct hit , engulfing the building in a web of intense electricity . the Empire State Building 's power goe out , along with half of the block . the building 's light flicker off . int . elevator - night the elevator light go out . the elevator stop . annabeth and Sally exchange a worried glance . ext . empire state build - STREET - night percy rise , hold riptide and concentrating on something offscreen . luke aim the bolt at percy heart . concentrate , percy cause two more fire hydrant to explode . instead of the water shoot up , the water take on a life of its own . it turn and whip back toward luke , about to pummel he . luke deftly fly around the water , outmaneuver it with he winge shoe . luke take AIM , about to FIRE at percy ... percy dive . luke fire a lightning blast . it blows out the window of a storefront , cause a wall of smoke and falling debris . luke search for percy , can't see he . 108 . ext . alley - night percy duck into a alley , grab he backpack and remove the pair of ... winged shoe . percy hurriedly put on the shoe . he see luke fly past . percy take off , flying right at he . ext . sky above manhattan - night a high speed chase between percy and luke , flying through the cavernous street of Manhattan . luke look back and fire at percy . percy deflect with he sword blade . they arrive over the shore of the hudson . percy pick up speed , slam into luke from behind . luke drop the lightning bolt . it land on the grassy shore below . percy and luke begin a mid-air swordfight , as they move out over the Hudson River . they fight in the air like two acrobatics , flipping , spinning as they sword clash . luke deliver several devastating blows . percy be weakened , bleeding , but still fight like a hero . luke slice the wing off of percy 's leave shoe . percy lose altitude . he struggle to stay in the air . percy fall and slam into a wooden dock . he 's shaken . out of breath . badly wounded . luke fly down toward percy , sword in hand . percy extend he hand toward the River . he tightens he brow . use every bit of he strength , every muscle in he body , percy close he eye . concentrate intensely . luke land on the dock , directly in front of percy . luke raise he sword , to finish off percy ... luke it 's over . I have win . the river begin to rumble . churn . wave form . 109 . luke turn , see ... a enormous wave . heading straight for they . luke start to run , attempt to fly away . the wave completely engulf percy , luke and the dock . the water appear to reach out and grab luke out of the air . the wave pull he down under the water . ext . underwater - night the wave form a whirlpool around luke . he be be dragge beneath the water below , scream . within moment ... luke 's scream fade . he 's gone . ext . hudson river - night thunder crack in the sky above New York . wave crash against the shore . and then ... majestically ... percy rise up out of the water , as if he be be carried by the sea . he ride the wave , control its every move . he look down , see the lightning bolt lying on the shore below . percy ride the wave low , reach down and snatch the lightning bolt . ext . manhattan street - night percy ride the wave through the street of Manhattan like a surfer without a board . the darkened Empire State Building be dead ahead . percy raise the bolt , extend it toward the lightning rod , at the top of the Building . percy fire the bolt . the Empire State Building be engulf in electricity , restoring power to the building . the light flicker , turn back on . int . empire state build - elevator - night the light SNAP on . annabeth and Sally be surprised , the car start to move . go upward . ext . empire state build - night the wave carry percy right up to the entrance of the Empire State Building . percy step off , look up at a clock , on a nearby building . it read : 11:55 pm . percy five minute ... 110 . ext . empire state build - observation deck - night annabeth and Sally get out . moment later , percy exit another elevator , the lightning bolt in he hand . annabeth grab percy by the arm , lead he forward . annabeth we have exactly ninety second to get to Olympus . annabeth lead percy and Sally to a small supply closet . she open the door . Inside , be a tiny , cluttere closet fill with clean supplies . they enter . int . supply closet / secret elevator - night annabeth remove clean supplies from the shelf . behind the middle shelf , on the wall , be a rusty button that read : floor 600 . annabeth push the button . the supply closet door close . the room rumble , become a elevator . they move upward . ext . OLYMPUS - second later - night the elevator door open . percy , annabeth , and Sally step out . below they , be the stormy skyline of Manhattan , from the height of a airplane . in front , marble step wind up into the spine of a cloud , into the sky . from the top of the cloud , rise the decapitate peak of a mountain , its summit cover with snow . cling to the mountainside , be dozen of multi-level palace . at the top of the peak , the largest palace gleam against the snow . percy stare in awe . percy Olympus . they hear a familiar voice . chiron ( 0.s. ) cut it close . chiron be stand beside they . percy / annabeth chiron ! chiron let 's go . they race up the torch lit stair . 111. int . zeus' palace - throne room - later - night the room look out over all of Olympus . twelve gigantic , elevate throne , be arrange in a invert U , around a swirling , live globe . all of the olympian be seat and present : Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Apollo , artemis , hestia , hephaestus , are , Hermes , demeter , Aphrodite , and Athena . in the first throne , be zeus . he resemble a strong , roman emperor , a sculpt , grim face , he eye rainy grey , with a well trim beard . next to he be poseidon . he resemble a handsome surfer . his skin be deeply tan , hand scar like a old fisherman' . his hair be long , sun streak . his strike blue eye be identical to percy 's . a fade tattoo of a trident be on he muscular forearm . the god be in the middle of a intense , heat argument . Zeus and Poseidon be the most angry , look as if they be about to get into a fist-fight . Athena try to intervene . athena Brothers , brother ... please ... sit down , discuss this rationally ... War be not the answer . are sure it be . it always be . a ancient clock on the wall count down ... oneee seee gee Zeus get right into Poseidon 's face . 3.22 2.2. lene zeus let the war begin-- chiron ( 0.s. ) Lord Zeus ! wait ! the god turn to the sound of chiron 's voice . chiron run into the throne room , along with percy , annabeth and Sally . we realize that the throne room and the god be gigantic . the god be each nearly thirty feet tall , dwarfing chiron and the human . Athena be surprised to see annabeth . athena annabeth ? annabeth ( nervous ) hey , mom. 112. percy step forward , hold the master lightning bolt . percy hi. I be ... my name 's percy Jackson . and , I ... I think you guy might be look for this ... Zeus look at Poseidon , who can not help but smile a little . Zeus glare at percy . zeus the lightn thief . I know it . ( extend he hand ) bring it to I . percy walk forward , place the bolt up into Zeus ' gigantic palm . when it be place into Zeus ' hand , the bolt grow back to its normal size . zeus congratulation . you have manage to save what 's leave of you Father 's reputation . percy turn , exchange he first look with Poseidon . percy 's eye remain cold , hard . he turn back to Zeus . percy I do not steal the lightning bolt . if my father have ask I to do something for he , I would have say " no " ( indifferent ) I have no loyalty to he . I owe he nothing . Poseidon lower he head slightly . Zeus smile , amused . zeus I believe you owe you personality to he . ( pause , curious ) but if you do not take the bolt ... why do you have it ? percy it be steal by luke , son of Hermes . herme ( surprised ) I have a son name luke ? Zeus raise a eyebrow to percy . zeus why should I believe you ? 113 . percy you do not have to . all you have to do be honor you word . I have return the bolt by the summer solstice . now call off the war . Zeus turn to Poseidon , back to percy . zeus for the sake of peace in we family , there will be no war . ( to percy ) you have do I a great service . if there 's ever anything I can do for you , feel free to ask -- percy there 's a satyr , my protector ... name grover ... he 's be hold prisoner by hade . could you set he free ? Zeus contemplate this , not so sure . Poseidon intervene . poseidon you could make a trade ... I hear that percy kill many of hade ' pet ... ( turn to percy ) do you keep any token ? percy dig the minotaur horn out of he backpack . percy this . zeus ( take the horn ) that will do . hade love that hideous beast . he can grow a new one with this . yes ... I think we will be able to get you friend release . annabeth step forward , tentatively at first . annabeth I have a announcement . all of the god turn to she . annabeth take percy 's hand . annabeth the son of Poseidon and the daughter of Athena be officially -- percy -- in love . 114 . they exchange a kiss , much to the shock of Athena and Poseidon . annabeth look at Athena and Poseidon . annabeth I think it 's about time you two stop hat on each other . Poseidon and Athena sigh , hold back they anger , put aside they feeling . for now . Zeus find it all very amusing , laugh . zeus we meeting be adjourned . ( glare at Poseidon ) I still do not trust you . and with that , Zeus vanish in a blind flash of lightning . Athena look at annabeth . athena we will discuss this later , young lady . Athena vanish . all of the god begin to vanish . one by one . everyone ... except poseidon . he look down , catch Sally 's eye for the first time . Poseidon step off the throne , walk forward . with each step , he become smaller , soon become the size of a mortal . Poseidon walk to Sally , give she a tender kiss . poseidon good to see you , Sally . you look beautiful . sally you too . of course , you have that eternal youth thing go on . they exchange a warm smile . Poseidon turn , approach percy . they look at each other . a estrange Father and son , meeting for the first time . it 's tense , uncomfortable . poseidon I can not thank you enough , percy . few heroes in history could have accomplish what you have do . I be proud of you , son -- he extend he hand . percy ignore it , coldly . there be a long silence , year of tension between they . Sally nod to annabeth and chiron , look back to percy . sally we will leave you two alone . Sally , annabeth and chiron move several foot away . percy turn to the window , look out over the land of Olympus . 115 . poseidon I be not ask you to like I ... percy no need . I do not do it for you , I do it to save mom . poseidon I know that . percy continue to stare out at the landscape of OLYMPUS , he back turn too Poseidon . percy have so many question ... he speak softly , a deep sadness in he voice ... percy how old be I ? when you leave ? poseidon Seven month . percy do you remember any of it ? poseidon every moment . you be a beautiful boy . you mother and I be in love . I could have stay forever ... percy but you do not . poseidon I have other responsibility . percy more important than we ? percy turn , face Poseidon , who do not answer . percy I do not care if you be there all the time ... but I would have like to see you ... even for a day ... a hour ... ( upset ) why do not you ever come back ? poseidon ( pause , difficult ) I want to . I just ... when I be with you ... and you mother ... I become less concerned about my responsibility ... I be ignore my natural destiny . ( softly ) I be become human . 116 . percy and that 's bad ? poseidon for a God ? for the future of the universe ? yes , percy . that 's bad . percy what about this last two week ?... I almost die out there ... but you do not do anything . you do not help I . poseidon I be look out for you every step of the way . when you need I , I be there . who do you think send the horse in the desert ? who speak to you , give you clarity in Lotus land ?... ( passionate ) just because you do not see I , do not mean I be not there . when you sit in the bottom of the pool , try to figure out you life , the voice in you head be I . percy ( understanding ) so that 's you ... poseidon ( nod ) pass out what advice I can . most of which , you tend to ignore , by the way . a tiny smile appear on percy 's face . percy soften , understand how complicated this must be for he Father . poseidon I know this be not the father - son relationship you have always want , but it 's the best I can do . ( sincere ) I hope someday you will see that . percy ( long pause ) Olympus be not build in a day . Poseidon smile , extend he hand again . percy pause , slowly shake it . Poseidon pull he close , in for a embrace . they first hug . Sally be watch , a smile on she face , tear in she eye . 117 . int . ugliano home - a few day later - day a dark , overcast day in New York City . sweep STORM cloud fill the air . distant thunder rumble . gabe sit alone , in front of the tv , watch the news , drink a beer . news anchor authority have now confirm that percy Jackson and he mother have be safely return after they month long ordeal . Police now know that the two have be kidnap by this man ... a picture of are take from a security camera at the all- american diner appear on screen . news anchor the FBI have confirm that he be also the man responsible for vandalize the parthenon in Nashville and the behead of at least one other victim . if you have any information lead to -- gabe click off the tv , annoyed . he crush the beer can . gabe Sally ! I need another beer ! ext . ugliano home - backyard - day percy and he mom be recline in beach chair , sip cool drink . annabeth sit in percy 's lap , arm around each other . in the background , grover stand at a grill , flipping burger . persephone stand beside grover , hand tuck into he back pocket . she nibble lustfully on he earlobe . the sky be get darker with storm cloud . thunder roll . percy look at he mother . percy I want to show you something . ( a pause ) promise you will not be mad ? sally oh , no . now what ? percy lift up he shirt sleeve , revealing a tattoo of a trident on he right deltoid . it 's a exact copy of he Father , Poseidon 's , tattoo . Sally touch it , she face flooding with fond memories . 118 . sally I love it . ( a beat ) be it permanent ? percy pause , shrug . percy nothing 's permanent , Mom . annabeth raise a eyebrow to he . percy smile . percy well ... maybe one thing . they share a small kiss . very much in love . there be a loud crack of thunder . the cloud get darker . grover , cooking the burger , look up into the sky . grover maybe we should move this party inside . percy no . I like it out here . the sky erupt with thunder , follow by several , intense , bright blast of lightning . percy watch the lightning show , reflected in he eye . then ... it begin to rain . the drop fall slowly at first , soon become a downpour . grover , persephone and Sally duck for cover , beneath a rooftop overhang . percy stay where he be , annabeth 's head rest on he shoulder . the cool rain shower over the couple . a smile cover percy 's face , along with something else we have never see ... a expression of peace and contentment . from offscreen we hear ... gabe ( 0.s. ) Sally ! beer ! sally get it yourself , you lazy bum ! percy look back , exchange a smile with Sally . int . ugliano kitchen - same lightning crack ! gabe storm into the kitchen , mutter . gabe get it myself ?!? you be gettin ' to be as lazy as that loser son of yours ! well , I get news for both of you ... gabe reach for the refrigerator door . 119 . gabe I be the king of this castle and there be gonna ' be some change make around here -- gabe open the refrigerator and look in horror . he see ... the head of medusa . eye wide OPEN . staring back at gabe . there 's a loud lightning crack ! the screen goe white . the end .