perfect creature written by Glenn stand shoot script 14 May 2004 1a ext : prologue on black - night the screen be black , music evoke religion and danger begin . lilly for three hundred year the great plague have sweep the earth . disease create from the experiment of the alchemist . we see death toll appear through this graphically . the plague - 5 million soul . virulent small pox - 10 million . mutated influenza 30 million soul ... lilly think they have discover god secret code for life , the alchemist experiment with genetic science . they have no idea what they have unleash . we begin to see a strange medallion sweeping through smoke , slowly revealing itself . lilly ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) ... but there be also a miracle . one of this plague help nature create a new kind of be . at first they be call nosferatu , or vampire and be fear . but they be not supernatural monster , just a better version of ourselves . they be the Brothers , and they religion and science help sustain we against the plague and influenzas that have ravage Europe and the rest of the colony . for 300 year we two race have live in harmony . until now ... fade up : 2 int : doctor surgery - day 2 we be very close on a bespectacle eye . it stare at we and then look down . genetic doctor ( off ) see here . this be what you need to look for . cut to the object in the genetic doctor hand ; it be like a x-ray , yet the image look remarkably like a DNA profile . genetic doctor ( continue ; off ) a genetic mutation , we all carry it . but we now know a virus activate it . 3 we reveal the genetic Doctor , sit at he desk , smoking a cigarette . the surgery and the clothes suggest the year , yet there be small thing that be different , not what you would expect to be around at this time . stand next to he in the dusty haze of the room be a young doctor ; a apprentice who look attentive . genetic doctor ( continue ) this virus play some unknown role in the birth the Brothers . of course the mutation occur very rarely this day . and only in male . the apprentice nod and then look up . there be someone else in the room . a woman - who we now see be pregnant . there be something about she that suggest more a prisoner or psychiatric patient than a normal pregnant mother . genetic doctor ( continue ) strange be not ? apprentice doctor strange ? genetic doctor that God would choose such humble vehicle for a miracle . the mother invariably come from the slum , we do not know why . ( to the woman ) this be you 7th be not it ? 4 we see the woman ; she 's like a hollow person , hardly aware of where she be . the Doctor shuffles papers . find what he want . genetic doctor ( continue ) yes , she first be successful , a brother be bear . thereafter variously malformed offspring . we can only hope this one will be different . ( to woman ) you will have to try harder this time . the woman now look up . and tentatively speak . woman in the surgury please ... genetic doctor what be it ? woman in the surgury please ... I want to keep my baby . they always take my baby away . genetic doctor do not be stupid woman ! the woman drop she eye . we see the apprentice Doctor , almost pity the poor woman . apprentice doctor ( to woman ) you will not have to worry . the Brotherhood will take he ... we be closer on the woman now . tear begin to glisten in she eye as we drift closer to she . apprentice doctor ( continue ; off ) ... raise he in the church , teach he . he 's special . you should be proud . it 's a bless really , he will want for nothing . not like the rest of we ? we track in closer , closer , to the woman , then continue , right into she eye , through the fluid , to see the room reflect upside down at the back of the retina . this dissolves to a upside view of ... 5 3 int : hospital , operation room - day 3 Pov , baby 's view , in a operate theatre . cut to the woman we see earlier with the genetic Doctor ; she have just give birth . the baby be place on linen blanket and clean by a nurse . a man now enter the operate theatre ; we can tell the Doctor be uneasy . the man be dress in a perfectly cut suit . he do not wear a surgical mask . his eye be a piercingly clear light gray . he enter with two other man who look similar to he . by he side there be also a pristine boy ; perhaps 8 year old , the same pierce eye . they both approach the baby . the man stare serenely at the baby , all bloody , lie on blanket . augustus this be you brother silus . you will teach he . the little boy then share a glance with the woman who have just give birth . she seem to recognize the boy . silus as a boy be that my mother ? augustus no , not any more . augustus then lean forward and gently open the baby 's mouth . we see the baby close . in the otherwise baby - like mouth we see something strange . there be two tiny fang protrude from the otherwise smooth gum . we see augustus smile . in he mouth too , we see two perfectly point tooth . augustus ( continue ) welcome to the world little brother . cut to we end close on the baby ; its pierce eye . dissolve to : 6 4 production title : on black . 4 perfect creature the title fade . then another title appear . Queen 's Imperial Winter residence , the Pacific colony 100 year later dissolve to : 4a ext : cityscape - night 4a we see a city , seethe with smoke from coal fire , steam from engine , alien distort victorian spire be silhouett against the moody , moonlit sky which be literally fill with dirigible and strange fly machine that seem victorian , of the industrial revolution , but that be also strangely futuristic . it be 1969 , but not we 1969 . 5 ext : STREET - night 5 a street . the look - of the film and the night - be silver , almost metallic moonlit sky . a hazy mist hang in the air . wet , steel pool of water on the dark footpath where a man stand . he stare up at a zeppelin pass overhead , its shadow obscure he briefly until it pass away . then we see he . the man be handsome , in a perfectly cut long wool jacket ; dark gray . he wear perfectly shiny black shoe and we can see the surround street reflect in they ; victorian , gothic building . this man be silus . he survey the street . while the house be beautiful , they be run down . silus - he eye be the purest light gray you have ever see - take a long long inhale through he nose , he eye close briefly as if try to sense / smell something . he stop the breath and open he eye . they be clear , full of purpose . he bend down to the footpath , run he hand along its surface , almost caress it . he close he eye . the camera move in , to end close on silus ' ear . as this happen the soundtrack - all the noise in the night - become amplify . we see silus ' face , see he concentrate intently . we hear several individual noise . first a very quiet pitter patter . cut to a cat , stealthily move between some thorny rise bush . cut to 7 silus again ; concentrate even more . now the distant sound of trickle water . cut to a drain pipe , leak . cut to silus once more . this time we can hear " plop , plop , plop . " cut to a pool of water . then " plop " as a drop hit it . the drop be not water . the drop be a red liquid , thick , now disperse in the water . and another drop , " plop . " High speed crane up from this pool , up up the side of a building to end on a face in the shadow . we can see reflective , gleam eye . and a mouth , with blood drip from it . cut to silus again . his eye flick open ; we see the footpath reflect in that perfect light gray eye . Music - brood , ancient - begin to hum as silus slowly rise , as if he limb have the power to make he float , so perfect and powerful be they . a small smile have appear on he lip ; it be the smile of a man who know that something very dark , something very dangerous , be close by . slowly he hand slip into he jacket . he hold it there , watch , surveying the street immediately ahead of he for the slight movement . he see it . on the wall of a old georgian mansion across the road , a shape on the side of the wall , almost imperceptible , hide in the shadow and brickwork . a creature on the side of the wall . silus begin to move forward now , everything in perfect shine silver slow motion . as he move forward he pull a gun from he jacket - it be silver , organic and glass , art nouveaux styling - and point it ahead of he as he glide forward . the creature on the wall sense the movement come towards it , move a little and then , like a spider , scramble along the side of the wall , head away from we . silus fire . a bullet of silver explode from the gun , seem almost to hang in the air for a moment , reflect the moon above , before hurtle at high speed towards its target . the shell explode the wall next to the creature , who stop suddenly in the light so that we can see it . 8 a man . with reflective animal eye and blood on he purple lip . and tooth ; the tooth of a vampire . this creature immediately dive from the wall to the ground , just avoid another two bullet that crash into the wall . LA as the man fall directly towards the camera . silus now rush forward , hold he gun out in front of he ; he move forward gracefully . he can see the man skillfully climb up a adjacent derelict building . silus try to follow but he way be block by wire and fencing . he raise he gun towards the man once more , but he be go . Close on silus ' enigmatic face . that eye . and in he mouth , two perfectly point fang . cut to 6 ext : cafe - night 6 we be outside a cafe ; the cafe be a warm glow against the cold night . we see past the fine fall rain - through the large glass window that have swirl silver art nouveaux design lace across it - to a table inside , by the window , where two pristinely dress man sit . cut to 7 int : cafe - night 7 we be inside . closer on the two man . one be silus . the other man be augustus ; the man we see in the operation theatre before . augustus have hardly age at all . augustus the girl ? we see silus . he remember . cut to 8 int : room , flashback - night 8 flashback from silus ' memory ; a dead girl on a bed , blood splatter across she pillow . cut to 9 9 int : cafe - night 9 silus ' face . pull out to reveal we be back in the café . silus it be take care of . augustus this be good . silus augustus . we fail this girl . we ask she to help we catch he , and then we fail she . augustus yes . but she death serve a great good . every trap need bait . augustus lift a beautifully design glass and silver pipe from the onyx table at which they sit , then settles back into a fine hardwood chair . the chair 's swirl , delicate back creek as he take a puff on the pipe . augustus ( continue ) be you sure you will not join I ? silus shake he head , no . the opium in the pipe crackle . silus perhaps this be beyond we . perhaps we should inform the authority . the human being . augustus place the pipe down , blow a smoke ring as a chinese woman , dress in a sarong , bring over two finely cut crystal glass and set they before the man , then leave . silus now lift the glass and we see what it contain . blood ; dark and red and viscous . silus take a sip , then look over to the bar . there be a young woman there , sit at the bar , be treat with great care by several of the elegantly dress patron ; the young woman laugh , enjoy the attention . tube run from the young woman 's arm . this tube carry she blood into a conch shape glass bowl . we see the chinese waitress fill another glass from the bowl . silus watch , blood slightly present on he ashen lip . and we see two perfectly point fang hang in he mouth . augustus for now the Brothers feel we should deal with this ourselves . 10 silus if they find out we be cover up this death ... augustus which be why you must find he . silus . silus now turn to augustus , still look unconvince . augustus ( continue ) for century we Brothers have serve mankind and they we . the great union . but remember you history . 300 year ago when we kind be first bear into this world they burnt we child as monster . they have no notion of evolution . in another world we might all have be slaughter , only to be remember in myth , monster to frighten the young or a puzzle for anthropologist . we must refuse to let one aberrant individual destroy the balance between the two race . the old prejudice be still there . human being be paranoid creature by nature . silus perhaps they have good reason . augustus silus . simply concern yourself with find Edgar . find you brother so that we can help he . before he kill again . cut to 10 ext : jamestown slum , STREET - day 10 Close up of a newspaper . on it we see a banner headline . " influenza vaccine shortage lead to Black market Trade . " we pull out to reveal the paper be lie on a foot path . wind blow the newspaper out of shot and we tilt up to the street . the street be wet , glisten . the rain , rain rain rain . the edwardian and victorian building of the street might seem beautiful , but they be not . they be largely derelict . we see a woman stand in a doorway out of the rain . 11 she be wrap in a black plastic jacket that she pull about she . a man approach she . jone everyone 's ready lilly . lilly about time . they both move to one of the tall building ; a four story , ancient tenement that look empty , almost derelict . they quietly move up the step of the place and then pause . there be the bleep from a strange look valve power walkie talkie ; hereafter call a rt . lilly ( continue ) on three gent . one , two ... 11 int : jamestown slum , tenement , hallway - day 11 crash CUT to the door of the building swinging open wildly , a hand hold camera on the shoulder of lilly and Jones . a large , grubby look woman stand in a long , grim hallway , mop in hand . at the far end of the hall another door disconnect from its hinge and collapse inwards , two man appear out of the rain . jone ( to the woman ) do not you move ! we see a gun in Jones ' hand as he move towards the woman , who have she hand up and be get down on she knee . the camera then pan wildly , leave and right . then lilly 's foot kick in a door to we right , revealing a dank office and a man , half naked , reach for a gun . a woman be lie on a cot and she 's scream . she be instantly recognizable as a prostitute . lilly ( to the slum landlord ) do not you dare . from this Pov we see lilly 's hand point a gun at the slum landlord , who be now slowly ease back into the scummy office . lilly ( continue ) Jones ! 12 we now finally cut to see lilly . she be around 25 ; a intelligent , handsome 25 . the man Jones appear at she shoulder , leer . Jones be the type of guy you just know will go to seed at 40 . but that 's still 10 year away . Jones stare at the slum landlord who be try to cover himself . jone God help we . what a appall sight . 12 int : jamestown slum , tenement , hallway - later 12 the hallway again . the other two man we see enter at the beginning be talk to the woman with the mop . one of the man be take note . we pan to the office , to see lilly and Jones stand before the slum landlord , who be now wrap in a towel and sit in a chair . slum landlord I do not know nothing about it . I give them out . make sure everyone get them . jone that 's a lie ! we know you have be trading influenza vaccine in the workhouses ! another man now approach lilly . frank lil ' . I think you should see this . 13 int : jamestown slum , tenement , hallway - continuing 13 halfway down the hall there be a door , Frank open it display a set of stair lead down . frank I would use the mask if I be you . lilly pull a dark surgical - type mask over she face , then slowly move down the step into the oblivion below . 14 int : jamestown slum , tenement basement - continuing 14 cut between lilly 's Pov and she face , she eye glimmer in the sub-light as she move down the stair very carefully . 13 and finally the horror be reveal . in this basement there be 10 or 12 people , lie on the floor . most of they be silent , but a couple moan . one , a woman , plead to lilly . woman in the basement help I . please help . the woman extend she arm . it be cover in sweat ; grimy . the gland at the side of the woman 's neck be distend and swollen , she eye bloodshot . woman in the basement ( continue ) please . I be sick . please . the room be a version of hell . lilly 's eye glisten . cut to 15 int : jamestown slum , tenement office - continuing 15 Jones have the slum landlord by the throat . jone you be a fuck liar ! slum landlord no , no , I swear it , I give ' they they booster , both of them . I be a responsible landlord , I swear to god . there must have be something wrong with they vaccine . lilly stare at the slum landlord ; shock in she face , and anger . jone this be a civil health violation ! you be go to the hell house for this . you can forget lovely doris here where you be go . we see the woman who be scream before , the prostitute ; she make a obscene gesture at Jones . as this be go on Frank and the other man we have see be tear the place apart , look for something . they do not find it and Frank 's look tell lilly so . lilly 's face be a mask . she be watch the slum landlord very carefully . he keep look down ; strangely , nervously . 14 slum landlord I do not know what you be on about . I have do nothing , I swear to god , I have do nothing . lilly let she eye drift down , all the way down to the chair leg , which rock unevenly on the floor . lilly be stare at the scratch , wear floor board which move . cut to Frank , prize back the floor board . Jones restrain the slum landlord . lilly watch . Frank pull the floor board away easily . we see that hide in the floor cavity be packet of something . Frank pull they out . rip one of the plastic bag open . in it be packet with the word " jamestown borough - civilian influenza vaccination . " Frank hold it up for lilly to see . the slum landlord be now look three way at once . lilly slowly begin to approach the slum landlord . lilly it be my pleasure to inform you that you be under arrest for trafficking influenza vaccine . slum landlord I want my lawyer . lilly this be a violation of the 12/10 health act , whereby you have withheld borough sponsor vaccine from you tenant . slum landlord I want a lawyer ! lilly anything you say will be hold against you as evidence and , by endangering the public good , you be not entitle to a lawyer . the slum landlord just stare at she . slum landlord fuck you then . lilly smile grimly . 15 lilly there 's only one other thing . lilly give the slum landlord one almighty slap across the face that stun he . then Jones grab the slum landlord and drag he off , but we stay on lilly . her face . she stoops and lift something from the landlord desk . a public health flier say " fight influenza . ask you landlord for you free vaccine now . " then from the corner of the room , the prostitute pipe up , impatiently wave a cigarette at lilly . prostitute oi ! how about I ? he promise I some of that . I earn it . cut to 16 omitted 16 17 int : police car - twilight 17 Jones be in front , Frank be drive . the car have come to a lurching halt . some kind of cart be block the road . frank ( hit the horn ) come one ! Jones be eat some kind of pie that be a affront to culinary art . jone lil ' , you want some ? ensconce in the back lilly shake she head , no . lilly smell terrible . she be watch the pattern of street light that play and flow over the wet window of the car . Jones shrug . jone I be not let that scum put I off my food . that would be like a moral victory . lilly I will get out here . frank you sure ? 16 we see lilly get out . Frank and Jones share a look . frank ( continue ) what 's up with she ? Jones watch lilly move off ; something like compassion cross he feature . frank ( continue ) Jones ? be she alright ? jone yeah . lilly 's kid . it die of the influenza , do not it . frank she 's never say anything about a kid . jone no . she never say anything . Jones stare after lilly , then start chomping into he food . 18 ext : subway station - continuing 18 the police car pull out leave lilly outside the subway station . lilly look exhaust , breathes in deeply . above , power line blow in the wind and rain and make a clack sound . she move off and we crane up to see the seethe smoky city beyond . 19 omitted 19 20 int : lilly apartment - night 20 lilly enter she apartment . it 's nice ; not opulent , but a haven of sort . she stand for a moment in the empty hallway . we see a hall , several door run off it . 20a int : lilly apartment , child bedroom - continuing 20 a lilly approach a room and we see inside it . it be empty apart from a stripped bed and some box . lilly flip the lid on one of the box . she pick up a toy ; a pink fairy princess with wing , the paint on its face wear . 17 lilly wind a key and the wing of the doll flutter , accompany by the whining sound of the internal mechanic . we see lilly 's face as she stare at the doll . emotion fight to claw its way out from under she skin , but she do not let it . then in the distance we hear a child 's cry . it almost sound like memory wafting through the air , but the stamp of foot from the apartment above make it plain that the noise come from there ; the sound of child play . cut to 21 int : lilly apartment , bedroom - night 21 lilly enter she bedroom . the place be a mess . she sit on the bed . she pick up a frame photo which sit on a sideboard next to the bed . it show lilly , a man - lilly 's age - and a child of 5 year who look a lot like lilly . she stare at the child . we hear the sound of rain pound against the window of the bedroom . 22 ext : lilly apartment , bedroom - night 22 pull out to reveal the exterior window . we can see through the window into lilly 's apartment again , see lilly lie down , hugging the photo . the rain have become a light mist . 23 ext : jamestown slum , STREET - night 23 we be close on a poster . it show a perfect face , serenely beam out ; it could be silus or augustus , except this man be dress in religious regalia , like a priest . the poster say " the Brotherhood love you . you be divine . " we begin to crane off the poster which be reveal to be stick on a lamp post . the street be seethe , the slum of jamestown . a young boy , perhaps seven ; spike up hair , face cover in grime , grime from drag himself up in this hellish place . he carry a bag fill with the detritus he 's pick from the rubbish bin of the rich . he wear a distinctive red t-shirt that be several size too big . he move along the street , avoid a disinterested passersby . as he pass a alley he hear something . a animal - like growl . he stop . down the alley he can see two figure . one be a male . he be clutching another clothed figure ; female . kid hey ?! hey ! 18 at that instant the man turn to the boy . there , half see in the slick shadow , the most pierce eye , a bloody mouth , with fang , hiss . the creature drop the woman and scale the sheer wall of the alleyway ; clutching various handhold , up four flight , then go . the kid , frighten , now make to run off but bang into a passerby . the man grab the kid roughly . man in the STREET where be you go in such a hurry my little ruffian ? pilfer by the look of you ? the kid struggle and the man now see the shape of the woman in the alleyway , slump to the ground . man in the STREET ( continue ) what 's go on here ? what would you do to she ? kid do not , I do not do nothing . it be a brother . it be a brother do it . the man move forward , drag the kid . and he see the woman there , deathly white in the alley . Dead eye stare . man in the STREET oh dear god ... cut to 24 int : natural history museum - day 24 we track past a sign that say " Museum of spiritual selection and alchemistry . " in the distance we can see a group of people in the hazy light . cut to augustus - the man we see with silus earlier - sit on a chair surround by various object . at he foot be a gaggle of school child , age around ten ; affluent look , human . augustus point to a strange , ancient look glass apparatus . augustus 300 year ago , with this simple instrument , the alchemist guiseppi De angelo discover what we today call genetic science . 19 augustus ( continue ) he decipher that the Brothers be a new race of being , send by god , to serve and protect you . we see the face of the child , rapt . augustus ( continue ) De angelo form the church of the Brotherhood . he be a great great man , but there be other , bad man , who take what De angelo have discover and experiment without concern for the result . the science of genetics and all its power have be ban ever since . who can tell I what come from this bad experiment ? one child put he hand up . behind the child , in the distance , augustus now see silus approach ; silus obviously want to talk to augustus . augustus point to the child while look at silus . augustus ( continue ) yes . child all the bad thing . like bad germ and flu . augustus nod , watch silus ' ominous expression . augustus yes . that 's right . augustus look at the child and try to smile . augustus ( continue ) all the bad thing . 25 ext : slum , STREET - day 25 the street be wet . High above several large Zeppelin plod across the sky . we crane down to street level to find a police car pull up through the steam . lilly get out , Jones beside she , wolfing down another bun . 20 there be cop everywhere . a alleyway be cordon off . the dweller of the slum have float up and be bay like wolf , hassling the cop ; some yell obscenity , generally along the line of " where 's the police when you need they ? " Jones stare at the people . jone someone should flatten this cesspool and start again . lilly and Jones move towards the police cordon . immediately a reporter accost they . STREET reporter marm ? the tribune . do you have any comment on the death ? lilly no . STREET reporter they be say it be a brother , be that true ? lilly stare at the reporter , pause for think . she whistle to one of the cop nearby , who then approach . lilly arrest she . Jones and lilly push past as the reporter protest at be manhandle . lilly ( continue ; to Jones ) find any witness and shut they up . Jones nod and move over to a policeman guard the alley . lilly duck under the crime scene tape , move into the alley . 26 int : jamestown slum , alleyway - day 26 the alleyway be full of forensics personnel . lilly move deeper into the alleyway . we see she Pov move forward , finally revealing the body of the young woman who be surround by various forensics staff . lilly talk to one . lilly can I step in ? forensic guy with the traffic . what 's it matter . 21 lilly move forward . she can now see the woman more clearly . the woman be obviously dead ; she pale white skin like wet shine alabaster in the dark alley . flashes from photographic machine light the scene , almost blind lilly and briefly revealing the true horror of the scene . lilly kneel and carefully begin to examine the body . another man now walk up and kneel next to lilly ; young , good look , obviously take pride in himself . dominic lil '. lilly hello dominic . dominic have you see it ? dominic bend down and move the dead woman 's head , display the side of she neck . a bite have tear the skin on the side of she neck . the wound extend down , the carotid artery slice in two . dominic ( continue ) it 's a bite . if you know what I mean ? lilly nod , then look down at the woman 's dead , cockey stare . lilly close the woman 's eye . lilly any identification ? she be pass a bloody id . lilly stare at it . lilly ( continue ) Tanya garfield . Jones now arrive . jone ( to forensics team ) where do you get a cup of tea around here ? no one answer . Jones shrug . jone ( continue ) there 's a kid who see it , down there . 22 lilly see the red shirt street urchin in the distance be talk to by two uniform policeman . jone ( continue ) say it be a brother . and they have get another fellow , that 's all who see it . lilly nod . lilly alright , we will close this down gent . none of you be to say a word , not even to you old mother . all the police officer stare at she ; they know what she mean alright . lilly ( continue ) Jones . make sure . Jones shrug and nod . lilly get up and move towards the street kid who be be talk to by two burly , grumpy policeman . the boy be shaking . lilly ( continue ) he see what happen ? policeman 1 now he wont talk . do not see anything . lilly look at the boy . so young . lilly what 's you name ? the kid do not answer and get a whack around the ear from one of the policeman . lilly ( continue ; to the policeman ) stop that . lilly stare at the kid , as if the way he look have key a memory in she . she squat and look he straight in the eye . lilly ( continue ) what 's you name then ? 23 kid ( nervous ) Albert . lilly you live around here ? the kid look nervous . lilly move some of the bedraggle hair out of the kid 's eye . lilly ( continue ) I grow up 3 street from here . matheson Lane . the skrummer workhouse . kid ( surprised ) you do ? lilly or should I say , I crawle out of here . the kid smile . lilly focus on he now . lilly ( continue ) no one else will do anything about this , you know ? they just think this be a slum . no one really care what happen to the people here . except for you . and I . the kid stare at she ; she 's a magician and he 's a believer . lilly ( continue ) what do you see ? kid a man . lilly what kind of man ? kid a brother . lilly you be sure it be a brother ? kid he have tooth and everything . 24 lilly where do he go ? the kid turn and point to the shear wall of the alley . kid he go straight up there . lilly stare at the wall . lilly alright , you go with this man , they will look after you . I promise . she rise . lilly ( continue ; to the policeman ) get he to describe it all . and keep he away from everyone . the policeman grunt and begin to lead the kid off . lilly ( continue ; to the policeman ) and get he some food . Jones , now stand next to lilly , moan . jone now they will all want feed . lilly look at Jones 's callous face ; she 's not amused . cut to 27 ext : jamestown slum , build above alleyway - continuing 27 High angle Pov of lilly and Jones move off . someone be watch they from the roof above . the Pov belong to silus , who stare down at they . in particular he watch lilly . we see lilly pause and then look up as if feel she 's watch . we see lilly 's Pov of the building above . there be no one there . ha of lilly look up . cut to 25 28 int : police station , howard anderson's office - later 28 a device fly toward the camera , sharp needle eject from it slamm into skin . seat at the desk be a harass , bald man ( anderson ) of about 55 . he 's just finish vaccinate himself , wince at the needle jab on the soft skin of he arm . there be many other needle mark on he skin . lilly ( off ) I have quarantine the neighborhood . lilly stand before the man 's large desk , which be light by only a desk lamp . lilly ( continue ) as far as anyone know we have a new influenza outbreak . anderson what about the telephonic company ? lilly they be cooperate , close all phone line in and out except directly to we . Anderson nod . anderson sit , sit . she do . anderson ( continue ) you have do well lilly . the reporter be more of a problem . we have 2 day by law before we have to release she . then it 's out . Anderson lay down the meki kit and stare at it as he motion for she to sit . she do . anderson ( continue ) I hate this thing . I be like a pin cushion . lilly it 's better than the alternative , sir . 26 Anderson stare at she ; a moment of tension . anderson I need you to stay with this , lilly . you know jamestown better than anyone , how to handle the people . lilly acknowledge the compliment . anderson ( continue ) the Brothers have request to be involved with the investigation . lilly that 's nice for they . anderson you have a problem with it ? lilly not particularly . anderson good . I think they can help . and I do not want someone work on this whose get something against the Church . lilly how do you know I do not ? anderson lilly , you be the least prejudice person I know . in fact , you be the only one I know . that 's important . the church be powerful , but more than that , people 's faith in the Brotherhood be about all they have get this day . and the government know it . even the Queen herself be involved . this be political . cut to 29 int : police station , communal office - day 29 lilly enter , drink a coffee . she begin to top it up from the coffee stand when Jones come up to she . jone lil ' . he 's here . 27 lilly 's expression become taut . she peer towards she office . she can clearly see a exceptionally well dress man in she office with he back to we . it be silus . a young female cop - steph - be in there and we can see she kissing a ring on silus ' hand and silus place he hand on she head as if bless she . steph then exit the office and approach lilly and Jones ; she face be flushed with excitement . steph do you know who he be ? that 's brother silus . they say one day he will lead the Brotherhood . he 's a great man . jone I think I hear choir music . steph flash Jones a resentful look . steph do you respect anything ? jone hey . my old mum go to church four time a week and give blood . she 's happy as a lark . just do not expect I to kiss he , that 's all I be tell you . cut to 30 int : police station , lilly office - continuous 30 Close on the enigmatic ring on silus ' finger . we see lilly be seat on one side of she desk , silus on the other . lilly be stare at the ring , then she study a photostat in front of she . there be a picture of a man , a rather perfect look man . lilly senior brother Edgar ... how long have you know about this ? silus opposite lilly , he perfect , serene appearance a anathema in the grunge of the jamestown police station . he watch she very carefully , listen to the way she finger tap the sheet in front of she , the sound of she chair swiveling , all the sound very acute to he ; she have a physical ease about she . 28 silus a matter of week . lilly smile . silus ( continue ) be there something wrong ? lilly stop smile . for the first time she be still . lilly yes . withhold evidence . cover up two murder . and no one 's worried . if I or one of the people in jamestown do that they would be in the hell house with the key throw away . it seem the church be able to do whatever it want . silus nod . silus you be right to not like it . it be political . lilly become more interested at this ; at the bald honesty of the statement . silus ( continue ) we think we could find brother Edgar ourselves . we be wrong . but now any debate be pointless . lilly stare at he . there be already something between they even though they stand on opposite side of a huge gulf . she nod , accept he point . silus ( continue ) the great danger be if this be to become public knowledge . lilly would not want anyone criticize the church I suppose . silus it 's more than that Captain . this be about prejudice , or rather the nature of it . as a female surely you would understand . 29 lilly really . silus how many other captain in this borough be female ? lilly none ? silus how be you action judge , the same or differently from the man . lilly stare at silus ; he be a incredible be . lilly differently . silus exactly . if a white man kill , then he be just a killer . if a black man kill , then all black man be suspect . that be the nature of prejudice . that who be different be group together . if only one brother do a bad thing then all Brothers be suspect , because we be different . and then what would this world be like , if there be no hope ? lilly nod , acknowledge the truth of it . lilly alright then . so what do you suggest ? silus first , there be something you should hear . cut to 31 int : police station , briefing room - later 31 scummy , large briefing room . there be seven cop in here , perch on desk and chair . Jones , dominic , Frank plus four other . lilly be also there . so be silus , sit , perfectly still , calm . several of the cop look at he suspiciously . 30 lilly ok , ok , quiet down . everyone nod and shut up as lilly stand in front of the man . lilly ( continue ) gentlemen , there 's no other way to put it . we have only 2 day to find the suspect . there be guffaw from most of the policeman . jone there 's no chance . not a hope in hell . frank he 's right . we do not even know where to begin . lilly quiet ! lilly be angry . there be silence in the room . lilly seem more angry than she should be . lilly ( continue ) what you be about to hear will not leave this room . everyone understand ? Jones ? Jones shrug . lilly ( continue ) I would suggest anyone with a weak stomach leave now . no one move . they all stare at lilly . lilly ( continue ) this be brother silus . she motion to silus , who rise , watch the glare from the cop who eye he like a suspect . silus thank you Captain . could we have the plate ? 31 a old slide projector heat up as the main light be turn off . the projector spray a image up on the wall . the face of a killer , before he become one , the serene gaze of a brother . silus ( continue ) senior brother Edgar . until 3 week ago , he be a trust and talented theologian and scientist . dominic what would he do ? silus he be personally responsible for develop the most recent influenza antiviral . it be because of he that most of you be alive today . his behavior appear normal . next . 3 photo come up . the victim . silus ( continue ) the victim . John Anderson . Julie dane . Tanya garfield . all in they early 20' , but beyond that no obvious connection . next . a map. silus ( continue ) there be no precedent for brother Edgar 's behavior . no brother have ever take a human life , not in the 300 year since we begin . not one . we role have be to preserve and maintain the human life . not take it . jone next he will be want a fuck medal . silus stare directly at Jones now . they eye lock . silus continue , perfectly calm . silus what I be say to you be that brother Edgar 's behavior be aberrant . we 32 silus ( cont ) do not understand it . and therefore it 's difficult to predict . the only thing we know be where he will strike next . dominic how do you know ? silus move to the desk next to he . he pass something to another cop who now sit at the desk . we see lilly now . the look on she face tell we that she know what be come and she 's not look forward to it . we see what silus give the cop . a audio tape . the cop place the tape in a tape deck . he then switch it on . he then turn the volume knob on a amplifier which now direct static hiss to two big speaker . we see the face of the cop , all listen in the dim light come from the slide projector . above the level of the hiss tape there be another noise . it be a wet sound . like a cat would make if it be lap up milk . a another sound . like a animal , moan with pleasure . we see the cop ; some of they be beginning to twig . and there be another noise . it be a man ; moan . man on the tape ( off ) please . please do not hurt I . we see Jones and dominic . they glare say it all . and then another voice . edgar ( off , like to a lover ) quiet . man on the tape ( off ) please ... edgar ( off ) I say shut up ! then we hear a punch and then noise which can only be describe as sounding like a dog kill something . Jones spring out of he seat . 33 jone fuck ! lilly Jones , sit down . jone why be we listen to this ?! lilly quiet ! Jones stand there enraged . dominic pull he down back into he chair . all the cop be appal by what they have hear . and then a voice . edgar ( off ) good . now you be quiet . we can hear Edgar move around . edgar ( continue ; off ) do you hear that silus ? I hope so . we see silus , listen as intently as everyone else . edgar ( continue ; off ) the next one will be tomorrow . there be a square , Bridge Square it 's call . I will take the next one from there . you should try harder this time . please try harder ... more move around , then the sound on the tape cut out . we be leave with only tape hiss . everyone stare at silus . frank he send this to you . specifically . silus we share the same mother . there be a bond . the cop all stare at silus ' emotionless response . lilly there will be two team . Frank , I want you and abernathy up in the building around Bridge Square . Frank nod . 34 lilly ( continue ) I will lead the other team with dominic , Jones and Queen 's Imperial Guard in support . no gun , baton only . jone what ? lilly you hear I . he 's to be take alive . 32 ext : jamestown , bridge square - night 32 it have rain . the small square be dimly light . at it 's center be a small park with distort tree . and a rundown playground . a rusty swing creak . we see a figure there . it be lilly . she watch the rusty swing creak . then she look up to the surround building . we tilt up to one of the building which be perhaps eight storey high ; like the other around the square it be a apartment building . there be movement at the very top . cut to 33 ext : jamestown , bridge square , roof - night 33 Pov from the top of the building , observe lilly below enter a black , unmark van . then there be buzz from a rt . we reveal Pov belong to silus . silus yes . 34 int : police van - night 34 lilly be in a police van . Jones and dominic be there with she ; both of they try to come to grip with the strange stun weapon they have be give . and there be three huge , dark eye soldier there , dress in the ominous black uniform of the Queen 's Imperial Guard , cock they electric baton ; which fizz in the half light . lilly anything ? we cut between lilly in the van and silus on the roof . 35 silus no . silus survey the scene . he can see a Imperial Guard sniper over the square on the roof of a building . below , in the street , we can see the silhouettes of several Brothers ; unmove , watchful sentinels . lilly it 's get late . silus he will come . lilly ok . we will sit tight . lilly close the com . Jones be stare at she . jone this be a dud . lilly ignore Jones and talk into the rt again . lilly Frank ? cut to 35 int : apartment build , bridge square - night 35 Frank be inspect a stairwell of the building . he have abernathy with he . he talk into he rt . frank yeah lil '. lilly ( off ) anything ? frank not a thing . lilly ( off ) check each floor again . Frank motion to abernathy , who be already sighing . 36 frank you hear she . once more for the empire . low angle from the floor of the two man beginning to climb the stair , they gun out . the shot stay where it be . we can see the stair and the wall . we pause . the soundtrack be almost dead quiet , apart from the buzzing flouro above we . and then the camera begin to advance , like a Pov , head for the wall ahead . it reach the corner and then advance along cable run up to the roof . as it climb we can see a ventilation shaft in the corner with no grill . the camera approach it and move into the shaft , continuous . 36 int : apartment build , ventilation shaft - continuous 36 the shot continue to track through the man-size shaft . as we move through the shaft - turn corner , go up floor - we pass grill . some of they show light come from the apartment within . we can hear a argument in one room . a cry child in the next . a tv blaring in another ( play porno ) . but mostly the room be dark . and as we move up and along , there be a scuttling noise , grow louder , as if we be approach it . then the noise stop . the camera halt , stare down the long ventilation shaft . silence . Dead silence . the camera start to move again and then turn a corner to run into the leer face of Edgar , the vampire , he tooth bare , he eye reflect in the half light . then he smile . edgar shoo . cut to a rat , stare back at Edgar . the rat turn and streak off back whence it come . a slight smile appear on Edgar 's face ; a smile that can chill the blood in you vein . then he begin to move forward . we hear he breathe ; low , but excited . he move with the precision and strength of a insect . his eye glisten and reflect light like a animal 's . his skin be flesh white and milky in the metal shaft . cut to 37 his Pov approach a grill . a subdued light come through it . the Pov approach and see into the apartment below . 37 int : room , same build - night 37 a woman , around 20 , attractive , brush she hair . she have just have a shower . she sit . cut to the shaft . we see Edgar 's hand enter shot . his hand grip the bottom of the grill and try to open it . it do not budge . cut to Inside the room , the woman turn and look up at the grill . she think she 's hear something . she stare ; wait . she get up and move towards the grill high above on the wall . she place a chair under it , then get up on it , stand on tip toe , try to see if there 's anything behind the grill . her hand reach out and try the grill , to see if it 's secure . then she lean closer to it . her face press right up against it . closer . closer . cut to Edgar 's white face , lurching into shot . stare , stare . cut to his Pov . he be now look through a different grill . this time there be a young man inside a apartment . do exercise . Edgar watch . and again that chill smile . we see the man again , who get up and preens himself in front of a mirror . Close on Edgar 's eye , devour the sight of this pump up flesh . the young man exit the room , go into a bathroom . we see Edgar 's hand try to open the grill . it move . cut to 38 int : apartment build , hall - night 38 Frank and abernathy be on fifth floor , finish a sweep of it . as they move they hear a crash . they stop . then another crash , come from the floor up . then a scream . 38 they look at each other , then begin to run to the stairwell , as Frank talk into he rt . frank lil '! lil '! cut to 38a int : police van - continuing 38a lilly Frank . frank ( off ) he 's on the sixth floor ! he 's on the sixth floor ! lilly let 's go . everyone fire into action and begin to exit the van . 39 ext : jamestown , bridge square , roof - night 39 silus watch from he vantage point . he can see lilly and she team below rush into the building adjacent to he . and then he see , through one of the window on the sixth floor , the flash of gunfire . cut to 40 int : apartment build , stair well - night 40 handheld camera with lilly and she crew rush up the stairwell ; up up . cut to 41 omitted 41 42 int : apartment build , bridge square , hall - night 42 lilly and she crew enter the hall . they be confront with a view of the long hall . halfway down there be a door with blood smear on it . we can see abernathy , lie in a pool of blood outside the door . 39 the cop stop . a door open close to they . a large greasy man poke he head out the door and get the cop gun on he immediately . lilly motion with she hand . lilly ( whisper ) Police . get back inside . get back . the man return and close the door . the Imperial Guards now swing into action . they move forward towards the room , to the close door . lilly and she crew follow . the Imperial Guards get ready outside the door baton ready . one of they motion for lilly and she crew to wait . Jones be nearest they . he go down on one knee . dominic move past they and position himself on the other side . lilly kneel where she be . beat . then the Imperial Guards kick open the door and enter . lilly wait , watch . there 's no sound . dominic begin to move forward , then enter the door to the apartment , he baton raise . Jones now move forward , keep he eye on the door . there be no sound come from the room . cut to lilly , kneel in the hall . also stare at the door . too late to realize the door next to she be open . before she can react , she 's stare into the face of Edgar ; the eye , the bloody mouth . Edgar be on she in a instant , move with ferocious speed , whipping she like a rag doll into the room . meanwhile Jones be edging towards the room dominic enter . cut to 43 int : apartment build , bridge square , room - night 43 lilly , trap , hold by Edgar , who stare at she . then , in one swift movement , he lurch down , tear she neck with he tooth . she cry out . 44 int : apartment build , bridge square , hall - night 44 in the hall , Jones be look into the room dominic go into . the light come on . the room be empty . just the cop and Frank 's bloody corpse on the floor . jone lil '. 40 Jones turn to see lilly , but she 's not there . the hallway be empty . he see the door lilly be pull through . then look down . blood be seeping from under the door . jone ( continue ) fuck ! cut to 45 int : apartment build , bridge square , room - night 45 lilly be embrace by Edgar , she can not do anything . then a loud crash on the door , as if someone be try to break in . Edgar stop feed , stare at lilly . beat . edgar you be so strong . then another crash on the door . Edgar drop lilly . he propel himself towards a ventilation grill on the wall . cut to Jones and the cop kick the door in . it swing open to show lilly on the floor . Jones stoops down . jone lilly ! Jones get close to lilly , start squeezing the side of she neck , try to stop the arterial blood from squirting she life away . jone ( continue ) oh shit shit . dominic enter and see the scene . he yell into he rt . dominic lilly 's hurt . she 's hurt ! the other cop be now scan the room . meanwhile dominic have find the ventilation shaft , blood smear around the open . dominic ( continue ) he 's in the ventilation shaft ! 41 Jones then stare down at lilly press one hand against the wound . Close on lilly , go into shock . she 's shiver . jone she 's die ! she 's fuck die ! at that moment silus appear at the door . silus stare at lilly , bleed to death in Jones ' arm . silus immediately bend to she . with he free hand Jones pull out a vicious knife which he point at silus . jone ( continue ) get away from she ! but silus ignore the knife and move closer to lilly . jone ( continue ) get away or I will stick you ! silus do you want I to save she ? Jones waver . silus ( continue ) she be die . Jones back the knife away . silus whip he hand to the blade of the knife , slashing he wrist , blood immediately issue from the wound . he press he bleed wrist to lilly 's mouth . at first resistant , lilly begin to suck at the wrist . Jones be appal . silus then lean close to lilly and whisper in she ear . all the other noise in the soundtrack drop out . silus ( continue ) lilly . stop fight now . fall back , fall back ... slowly she do . silus remove he wrist from lilly 's mouth . she be silent , comatose . a medical team now scramble through the door , push past silus and the bloody Jones and begin to work on lilly . for a moment silus and Jones stare at each other . then silus turn to the ventilation shaft in the corner . he close he eye . listen . 42 dominic he 's get away !! silus quiet . 43 the cop be silent . stare at silus who open he eye . silus ( continue ) he 's go up . we move in on silus ' ear . closer , closer . into he ear . dissolve to : 46 int : apartment build , ventilation shaft - night 46 the long shaft and in the distance Edgar approach , he eye reflective , move with the speed of a insect through the shaft , he bloody mouth . cut to silus , now also in the shaft , he gun out , move forward . he turn a corner . the shaft be empty . he wait , watch , listen . he hear a scuffling . cut to Edgar , the same , turn a corner to see silus approach he . silus raise he gun . a puff emit from the end of he gun . the projectile hurtle towards Edgar , who just duck out of the way in time . Edgar turn . there be a grill next to he . he smashes it with he foot . cut to silus approach the junction , turn the corner , just in time to see Edgar 's leg pass through the hole . 46a int : apartment build , hall - continuing 46a we see Jones move into the hall , look at the roof , search . then he look at lilly 's blood which cover he hand . he pocket he stun weapon and pull out he own dangerous look gun . cut to 47 int : apartment build , different floor - night 47 a door burst open . Edgar - in slow motion - crash through the door and into the hall . the sound track be a huge drive slab of choral orchestral music . 44 the camera track back as he start to mount the wall , he momentum carry he diving towards the camera . cut to silus enter the empty hall . no Edgar . then he see in the roof , a manhole cover , slightly ajar . cut to 48 int : apartment build , ceiling cavity - night 48 silus ' Pov as he climb into the crawl space , its ceiling follow the pitch of the roof . it be dark and extend for a long way . silus squat in the sub light like a beautifully dress animal . what he can not see be two blink eye above he in the rafter of the dark roof . it be Edgar . Edgar drop , silus turn too late as the weight of Edgar drive into he , send both of they through the floor of the ceiling cavity and down ... 49 int : apartment build , another hall - night 49 ...to fall , a dead weight , crash down onto the floor of the hall in a hail of debris . Edgar be on top of silus and strangling he , and then he stop and turn . he move just in time to avoid a bullet from Jones ' gun which glance Edgar 's cheek , send off a wisp of burnt color smoke . cut to Jones . gun smoking , stand at the other end of the hall . Edgar scream the scream of something from the animal kingdom . then turn and run . cut to silus rise , pull out he gun . Jones point he gun , but silus be obscure he view . cut to Edgar run away down the hall . then on silus . very still , very silent . Close on he finger press the trigger . 45 the camera zoom right into the interior of the gun to see the projectile enter the gun 's chamber and the hammer ignite it . the projectile explode out the end of the gun . High angle of the projectile fly towards its target , the ceiling light above streaking past on its reflective surface , cruel mechanical claw suddenly slide out from the side of the capsule . then Edgar , camera tracking back at high speed . slow move in on silus ' cool gray eye . then whack ! the projectile stab into Edgar 's back , the claw spring forward to hook onto Edgar 's flesh , we see the fluid within the transparent projectile flow into Edgar , see Edgar 's eye widen , see he Pov of the approach window then ... crash . Edgar 's head implant itself in the wall below the window , the dust and debris from the wall board drift over Edgar 's numb stare . in the background silus stand . motionless . we see Jones walk forward , gun still point , head towards Edgar . silus turn and step in front of he . jone get out of my way . silus no . Jones stare at silus and contemplate fire . jone he kill lilly . silus do not move . he stare calmly at Jones . Jones point the gun in silus ' face . beat . jone ( continue ) bang . 46 Jones lower he gun . we end close on silus ' serene face . slow dissolve 50 omitted 50 fade out : 50a int : sfx - continuing 50 a Black . voice in the dark , quiet at first , then grow more frightening ; then the hint of a face , in negative - Edgar - then scream , like the scream of a animal on the hunt . and another face , alternate with Edgar 's . silus . CUT to : 51 int : hospital , lilly ward - day 51 High angle of lilly asleep , lie on a hospital bed . we drift down . again there be rain , pound against the window . her body flinch ; she be in a dream , a nightmare . as we drift closer to she , she eye open , stare straight up and then to the leave . then grim recognition . cut to low angle on silus stand above she , examine the tube that run a clear fluid into she in a slow drip . lilly antibiotics . they say it 's like a animal bite . silus nod . he slowly sit on the bed . lilly ( continue ) I want to thank you . silus we all catch Edgar . lilly I do not mean that . the blood , they say it save my life . be it true that people who go to church be give you blood ? silus sometimes the ritual call for it . some say they have vision from it . that it restore they health . 47 silus regards she and she he . she reach out and touch he hand , almost retract at the smooth texture of the skin . lilly so smooth . she turn over he hand to reveal the wrist ; the scar be almost go from where silus cut himself . lilly ( continue ) healed already . silus in some way my body be like a human embryo . the cell regenerate quickly . it be why we live so long . will someone come for you ? you family ? she release he hand . lilly I do not have one . not any more . silus I see . lilly influenza . my husband be quick . but my daughter , Mary , she little body fight it for a long time . so I just wait . hope . but then you realize how cruel hope be . and you just want it to end . not to stop she suffer , but to stop my own . silus I be sorry . lilly do we seem pathetic to you ? silus no. fragile . worn down by nature . but you fight back . 48 lilly yes . we be good at that . lilly stare up into silus ' serene face . silus smile . then stand . silus I think yours will be a good life to watch , lilly . Goodbye . lilly try to smile as silus turn and walk off down the ward . Close on lilly who look grim . then she turn to the window . rain again , blow hard against the pane . 52 int : hospital , lilly ward - continuous 52 as silus leave the ward he pass Jones , who 's be stand there as if he 's be watch they . a beat . then Jones shove a newspaper into silus ' hand . jone nicely do . you be more human than I think . Jones unceremoniously push past silus and move into lilly 's room . silus read the newspaper . the story tell of the recent death in jamestown , explain that it be a insane man who think he be a brother . the man 's picture be show ; it be actually one of the victim . through the window in the doorway silus watch Jones approach lilly . we be close on he enigmatic face . dissolve to : 52a ext : brotherhood build , foyer - day - establisher 52a we tilt down a grand building . 49 53 int : brotherhood build , foyer - day 53 a huge foyer , shin marble floor . all do in perfect taste . we see silus cross the foyer and enter a elevator . the elevator door close . 54 int : brotherhood build , security control room - day 54 silus enter the room . there be several technician at work at a console ; again the organic nouveaux styling of the Brothers . augustus be also there . next to he , someone who be obviously human . his lack of perfection stand out ; the bald hair , dark ring under he eye . silus join they . augustus silus . you know Professor liepsky . silus shake the Professor 's hand . we see the hand touch , then slide apart with a wisping sound that make the Professor wince a little . silus how be he ? professor liepsky see for yourself . he tap one of the man at the console on the shoulder . the man hit a button and we see that in front of the console there be a huge glass window and beyond it a room which be now light . Edgar be in there . and Edgar be not pleased . even from here he glower stare penetrate everyone in the room . from this distance we can not make out much , beyond the fact that Edgar be seat in a chair , in a otherwise plain white room . around he chair be a strange " brace " of sort , that seem to be hold Edgar in place . silus be the brace necessary ? augustus he decapitate a guard as they bring he in . even though he be sedate . he say he will drink we all dry . silus insane then . 50 professor liepsky not quite . silus now turn to the Professor . professor liepsky ( continue ) he 's become infect . silus with what ? the Professor look to augustus , as if worried he 's say to much . augustus go on , brother silus will soon be part of the inner circle of the Brotherhood . he should know this . cut to 55 int : brotherhood build , lab - continuing 55 Pov approach a curve , glass and metal door . on the door we see the word " biological containment Area . " dissolve to : 56 int : brotherhood build , bio containment ward - 56 day - establisher Pov continue . there be 3 bed in here . in they , strapped down , 3 young woman . they be all insane , monstrous ; the white of they eye be blood red . we see silus observe they , but there be no horror in he eye , just compassion . he move to one of the woman and slowly grasp she hand . she lurch towards he . professor liepsky if she be not restrain she would try to kill you . do not worry , it 's only transmissible through they blood . we design it that way . silus quietly turn to the Professor . silus design ? 51 professor liepsky genetically design . Edgar be experiment with the virus that create you . it be sanction by the government . silus since when do they sanction such thing ? professor liepsky since not one brother have be bear in 70 year . and never a female of you kind from which we could breed . and we need to breed more Brothers . you give the world hope . to the people you be like god walk the earth . augustus this be what Edgar be do silus . try to genetically control the birth of Brothers . silus be now turn back to the poor creature on the bed . professor liepsky and Edgar be successful . each of this woman carry a brother , for a time . but , the virus ... change . most of they have die and this will die soon . silus place he hand on the poor creature 's head , bless she . professor liepsky ( continue ) and Edgar may be the first brother to ever die . 52 professor liepsky ( continue ) before that , he brain will wither like this woman . containment will be the issue . cut to 57 int : brotherhood build , cell anteroom - continuing 57 a door slamm behind silus , he be in a strangely , eerily light cubicle . silus ( off ) the police officer . lilly . do he infect she with this ? professor liepsky ( off ) no . she be lucky . but it be in Edgar 's blood . it always will be . ... and another door in front of silus click , then slide open to reveal ... 58 int : brotherhood build , cell - continuing 58 Edgar , sit in the chair . he immediately turn to the door , he eye burrow straight into silus . silus move forward . we track , silus ' Pov , toward Edgar and the reality of he predicament be reveal . there be metal rod extend from the cage around he . two at the side . two from the front . they strategically point at Edgar 's chest and side . if he be to try to get up , they would pierce he . silus hello my brother . we can now see Edgar for the first time in something approach a normal state . he look similar to silus , perhaps not quite so perfect . he radiate confident primeval power ; less a man capture than a animal wait . Edgar be smile . he shift a little , we see the rod pierce he flesh . 53 edgar do you like what they have do for I silus ? he move again , as if enjoy it . silus you be sick . we will help you if we can . edgar help I ? I be be what I be mean to be . how can you help I from that ? or do you want to tame I ? brainwash I ? Animal or vegetable , be that the two choice , silus ? Edgar lean closer to silus . edgar ( continue ) I want to share the feel with you . to feel they blood flow until every last drop be yours , until that weak , pointless little pump finally stop . they be stare at each other very intently now . Edgar smile gently . edgar ( continue ) the one I have , the police woman . she be so strong . I find it hard to leave she . Edgar move . edgar ( continue ) be she dead ? silus she survive . edgar good . I will have she again . for perhaps the first time , we see a real hint of anger on silus ' face . silus you will not touch she . 54 Edgar look at he brother for a moment . Edgar 's feature be a paradox ; almost sympathy for silus follow by understanding . then he smile . edgar you have choose to watch over she . you want she do not you ? I can see it in you eye . you be like I . silus ' control have return now . silus I will pray for you cure , brother . silus then turn and leave . edgar I wont be able to forgive you for this you know ? not ever . in fact , when I get out of here ... he move violently , blood seeping from he wound now . edgar ( continue ) I will make you see . I will show you the way . I will see you drink you little police woman right through . by now frightening music have hummed into existence . silus have pause at the door to the cell . without look back he pass through the door , leave Edgar to he prison . Edgar , slowly turn back to the window in front of he . he see himself reflect in it . the camera move into Edgar 's eye . the light go out . all we be leave with be he strange reflective eye . wait . wait . fade out : 59 omitted 59 55 60 int : brotherhood build , cell - night 60 a smooth , white wall cell . flash edit of Edgar . stand , pose , balance literally on he fingertip , do sensuous , slow gymnastic yoga . his hair have change so we know time have pass . finally he stand there ; poise tensile steel . he slowly draw he finger nail against the shine floor of the cell , it almost look like he 's sharpen they . a tube come from he arm for take blood sample . then Edgar begin to run directly at the glass window of the console room and then dive for it , smash he head against it ; blood and saliva leave smear there . behind the glass window the console operator jump . 60a int : brotherhood build , security control room - continui60 a console operator 1 I do not like it when he do that . console operator 2 ( scolding Edgar ; into microphone ) you stop that or we will use the gas ! 60b int : brotherhood build , cell - continuing 60b we see Edgar , slowly pull himself up , blood and bruise apparent on he face . he smile . we zoom in close to the glass , see Edgar 's infect blood run down it until it congeal a little , catch in a tiny , almost imperceptible , hairline fracture . 61 ext : jamestown clubland , STREET - night 61 rain on the street . a man , cover in tattoo - a affluent hood , be in a doorway snort snuff dominic , Jones and several other cop emerge from hide place , point they gun at the man who put he hand up . Hand hold camera follow several other cop and lilly as they move into the building , again catch various hood unaware . lilly move forward quickly , down a hallway and find what she be look for . in a room she discover a harem of prostitute , none of they older than ten year old . she stare at they doll - like face , then lower she gun . 56 we see lilly , the scar from Edgar 's attack now heal but still apparent on she neck . her hair be short ; she seem more wear down . Jones appear on she shoulder . lilly take they away from here . Jones nod as lilly walk off . jone you do not feel like a drink ? but lilly do not respond , she just walk off . Jones watch she leave . then he stare at the round face of the child in front of he , something approach compassion there . jone ( continue ) now my girl , anyone hungry ? 62 ext : jamestown clubland , STREET - continuing 62 lilly exit the building into the rain , wrapping herself up against it . then she stop , feel she 's be watch . she look up at the surround building . but there 's nothing there . she pull out a amulet with the symbol of the Brotherhood on it from under she jacket , and then after a beat , kiss it , a little smile come to warm she lip against the cold . she leave . cut to 63 ext : jamestown clubland , build rooftop - continuing 63 Pov look down on lilly as she walk away . it 's silus , watch she quietly from the shadow , he eye reflective orb in the night . 64 omitted 64 57 64a omitted 64a 64b int : brotherhood build , cell - continuing 64b Edgar 's cell be very dimly light . Edgar be in front of the glass window to the console room . he be repeatedly bang be head against it . and he fingernails slide across the shiny surface ; have he simply go insane ? a voice come over the tannoy . console operator ( off ) if you do not stop that we will use the gas . you hear I ? Edgar just continue to bang he forehead against the glass , it drum eerily . cut to 65 int : lilly apartment - day 65 we track through lilly 's apartment , silently . we enter the lounge to see lilly sit on a couch watch a strange look valve power globular Television - like device . we track ominously up behind she . then stop . 58 jone ( off ) I knock . lilly turn to Jones . lilly you nearly give I a heart attack . steph now emerge from the kitchen , dress in a t-shirt and short and carry some food . Jones look at she coldly . jone what 's this then ? lilly and steph smile at the inference Jones be beginning to draw . steph my apartment be condemn , keep you hair on , what 's leave of it . meanwhile lilly shush they and turn back to the murky gray image emit from the television . tv presenter ... the ascension through the rank of the Church have be fast for brother silus . he will now be the high rank cardinal outside the ruling council of the Brotherhood . this be largely see as a reward for he handle of the last influenza pandemic . Jones and lilly watch as silus be see on the television in a interview . steph stare at the screen with awe , she involuntarily kiss the symbol that hang from a chain around she neck ; it resemble a brother 's ring . steph be not he amazing ? Jones sneer under he breath . jone a saint . lilly quiet . we move over they shoulder to track closer to the black and white tv screen . 59 tv presenter you have be a opponent of that who want a ease in the ban on genetic research . silus yes . tv presenter they would say you be deny legitimate research into a science that would change the world . silus the church do not deny the potential . only the motivation of that who want to exploit it . and the fact that we understand so little of its power . tv presenter with the elimination of influenza , be we approach a new era where disease might be a thing of the past ? as she be say this we be now close on the tv 's speaker . we then begin tracking out . we reveal the speaker be not part of the tv , but the speaker in Edgar 's cell . Edgar , smile coldly as he listen . as he listen he be gently glide he finger nail against a sharp edge of the chair ; sharpen they . silus Disease be part of nature , it will always be a part of we life . Close on Edgar . edgar how true . tv presenter ( off ) brother silus ' confirmation ceremony will be hold today in the sacred Chapel of St. Augustine where all the Brotherhood will gather . Edgar listen , smile . 60 66 int : ceremonial chapel - day 66 a ornate door ; ancient , with strange , beautiful dark symbol carve into the old wood , like something out of a castle in Prague . the door open and we see a large chapel . and within the large dark interior , light by great long candle , the Brotherhood have gather . they all stare at the camera , which we reveal be silus ' Pov . we see silus . unchange , still the perfect creature he have always be . but for now the suit have go and instead he stand drape in fine rope , robe that carry he life on they ; achievement , he rank , which be now high . in the distance , at a alter , stand augustus . he be also in he gowns . a go sound and the Brothers , in unison with the music , begin to chant ; it be eerie , it sound like tibetan monk . 67 omitted 67 thru thru 69 69 70 int : brotherhood build , security control room - 70 continuing Professor liepsky , look more age , wear , enter the control room . alarm be sounding . at the console be a human male who look terrify . console operator I turn off the light to try and calm he ... liepsky hit a button and it flood Edgar 's cell with light . Edgar be right there , stare at they , he hand plaster over the glass window . he be cover in blood . in the background a bloody corpse on the floor . Edgar bang he head against the glass , make liepsky flinch . on Edgar 's forehead we see scar from this kind of repeat bang . console operator ( continue ) we gass he as usual . we wait 10 minute . he must have hold he breath . the look on liepsky 's face say it all . we see Edgar . we have think he be look at the Professor . but he 's not , he gaze be focus past the Professor to the dimly see back wall of the control room . on it be a schematic , show this room , other room on the level , the elevator shaft . Edgar be talk it all in . 61 70a int : ceremonial chapel - day 70a silus , on one knee before augustus . augustus now place a ceremonial sword at the back of silus ' neck , then draw it gently across the skin . below , a brother hold out a bowl to catch the drop of silus ' blood . augustus the blood flow , through they , to we and we preserve they , preserve the blood we be bound to protect . silus raise he head . we see he face . he take the bowl , drink and then stand , hold it up to the other Brothers . silus let the blood be one and the two race join , as the perfect creature . cut to 62 71 int : brotherhood build , cell - day 71 Close on Edgar , smile . calm . edgar today my brother enter the history book , Professor . professor liepsky ( over the tannoy ) move back ! after a moment , Edgar slowly walk backward in perfectly smooth movement . edgar tonight all the Brothers will be with he . a perfect day for I to celebrate . from the far wall Edgar begin to glide forward , first in slow motion then ramping up to full speed , launching himself at the glass window . he bounce off it , leave blood and saliva there . the Professor and the console operator share a unsettle glance . Edgar slowly stand . he stare very intently at the glass window in front of he . we zoom in on the glass . the small hair line fracture we see previously now begin to lengthen before we eye . Edgar 's face . a smile . then he be forward at high velocity before anything else can happen , smash once more into the glass window , this time shatter it into a thousand tiny piece . 71a int : brotherhood build , security control room - continui71a horrify the console operator begin to make a escape . but Edgar be on he before they be a few pace towards the door . Edgar 's long finger sink into he neck like the flesh and bone be clay . he scream . the Professor make it to the door , pull himself through and shut it , but on Edgar 's hand . Edgar do not flinch , but kick the door open . 72 int : brotherhood build , hall - day 72 the Professor be now scramble , half fall in slow motion as Edgar advance . as normal motion return he kick liepsky in the head ; the sound of impact have a nasty fatality to it . 63 cut to Edgar . a door further down the hall be be unbolt . Edgar immediately run towards it , then launch himself at it , he finger extend like knife which enter the eye of a guard who 's come through the doorway . the guard fall back on another two guard behind he . a round from a shotgun go off , take a small chunk from Edgar 's side , but it 's nothing more than a bee sting to he . his speed and precision be that of a creature who know he only have one chance . he kick the second guard under the chin , instantly snap he neck , while flick the third in the eye with he sharpen fingernails . this guard fall , he eye leak orb . beat . Edgar crouch like a dark god of destruction , a siren sounding , the light all go off , then flick to red emergency light . Edgar 's eye reflect in the half - light . then he bare he tooth . at the end of the hallway he can hear the elevator arrive on this floor . Edgar smile . cut to 73 omitted 73 and and 74 74 75 int : brotherhood build , foyer - day 75 the gleam surface of the ground floor of the Brotherhood building . we hear the elevator begin to arrive . we pan off this to a desk where a receptionist sit . cut to the receptionist ; she 's try desperately to place a call . we see the shadow from a figure cast over she and she turn and look up , fear make she shake now . cut to Edgar , stare down at she . edgar you will not be take any more call today . cut to 64 76 int : brotherhood build , hall - later 76 slow steadicam along the underground hall . we see the body of Edgar 's victim be clean up by personnel . we stop . in the distance we see the door to Edgar 's cell open . cut to silus , observe the scene . the lighting be intermittent , flicker . augustus be stand next to silus , the weird light of the hallway reflect in he eye . augustus now he carry this thing out into the world . can you imagine what will happen if he infect other ? or if the experiment be know . we be leave with silus ' beautiful , reflective eye . silus the question become what will he do next ? he say he would kill we all . but especially the police officer . lilly . cut to 77 int : jamestown subway - sunset 77 flash light of subway train scream through subway tunnel , wheel screeching as metal grind on metal . 78 int : jamestown subway exit - continuing 78 the street be flooding like bangkok in the monsoon ; rain pour off awning that hang out over the street . the street be full ; prostitute , drug peddler , apothecary shop , the industrial revolution low down and dirty . there be a fight break out between two man who be dress like punk rocker . several people be alight from a subway exit ; the exit have " jamestown / brougham " on a nouveaux style sign that might remind you of a Paris or Barcelona metro , only dirtier . we see lilly in the distance , in she dark jacket , emerge from the subway . she begin the short walk to she apartment . the street be crowded and there be plenty of Maori people in this area , so there 's plenty of food stall ; the air be fill with the sound of evening prayer . lilly stop at one of the food stall and start pick up vegetable . a Maori man come out and smile and they start talk in the local dialect . she busy a live eel . cut to 65 across the street , in a doorway , we see a very weedy , sick look guy - this be freddy . stand next to he be a prostitute , sway from the effect of laudanum . prostitute come on governor , you go to pay I or not ? freddy soon enough my cherub . I have not finish with you yet . he suck on something that look like a ventaline inhaler , then pocket it , lick he lip and begin head off down the street , the drunk prostitute drag along . cut to again , lilly from a distance , walk along the street which be more desert , now carry a bag full of grocery . as she walk we begin to hear voice ; violent , argue . lilly approach a alleyway , the raise voice become louder . she slowly place she bag on the ground and then pull out a revolver . she edge into the alleyway . 79 ext : jamestown slum , alleyway - continuing 79 lilly 's Pov down the alleyway . it seem empty . the Pov move in a little and there in a offshoot of the alleyway we can see freddy . he be stand over a woman who cower ; she 's plainly a prostitute . freddy point a gun at she head . freddy you have be rip I off ! I should blow you dirty little brain out ! steph ( off ) Police ! put the gun down now ! and now we see , it 's not lilly we have be watch , but steph . she point she gun at freddy . freddy turn to steph . he slowly raise he arm . freddy it 's ok . I be comply officer , see . steph put the gun on the ground and step away ! 66 freddy I be do it . freddy put the gun down . the prostitute on the ground now scramble to she foot and head towards steph . prostitute he 's crazy ! Fucking crazy ! she give freddy the finger then head off . steph ( to the prostitute ) wait ! ( to freddy ) down ! right now , down on the ground ! freddy get down . freddy I be get wet now . low angle on steph approach . behind she a figure be descend the wall behind he . steph shut up ! steph be over freddy now . he 's stare up at she . he can see that a shape have appear behind steph . edgar , he eye gleam . steph pull out some handcuffs . steph ( continue ) put you hand behind you back . freddy sure . anything you say . but before steph can move forward , Edgar have she gun hand in a vice - like grip . she cry out in pain as she wrist disintegrate . as a reflex she stamp on Edgar 's foot and kick he in the groin with she other . he do not flinch . he smashes steph into a down pipe on the wall of the alley so that wet grit be ground into she face . we then see Edgar 's face at she shoulder . edgar Nice to meet you again . Edgar pull back the jacket at steph 's neck to find no scar . he pull steph 's face towards he brutally , stare at she profile . 67 he then smashes she head against the pipe so that she fall unconscious to the ground . freddy what 's wrong ? edgar you bring I the wrong one . freddy do it matter , one 's as good as the next ? Edgar 's stare make freddy shut up and avert he eye . Edgar then turn on the tube on he arm so that blood drip into the unconscious steph 's mouth ; make she gag . freddy ( continue ) you promise I some of that . freddy 's lick he lip . Edgar study freddy , then raise he arm . freddy just stare . we see the tube on Edgar 's arm that connect to he vein . and in a moment freddy have latch onto it and be suck like some kind of human leech . edgar what do you see freddy . vision ? can you see you future ? for a moment Edgar stroke freddy 's hair , then rip the tube away . freddy hey ! freddy move forward , but be push back by Edgar . edgar do not be a greedy little pig freddy . you have to earn more . Close on Edgar , he repellent feature under the hood . he look up . Far above , through the fall rain , past the high - rise slum around they ; we see the moon hang like a pearly crescent in the sky . the moon be slowly obscure by cloud . edgar ( continue ) we have more to do . cut to 68 80 ext : jamestown clubland , STREET - night 80 we see a figure exite the subway . this time it be lilly , follow the same path that steph take . 69 make she way through the crowded street . the rain have give way to a fine mist . then , as lilly move forward she sense something ; that feel again , that she be be watch . she stand for a moment as people push past , look up at the gothic victorian building that loom out of the drift mist . but there be nothing . lilly begin to make she way through the drift mist , casting glance at the odd passerby . then , ahead of she , there be one pedestrian in particular , taller than the rest , wear a great hood jacket , who stand out . he be immediately suspicious to lilly . he be slowly move through the crowd towards she . from under the hood jacket we see the glint of the approach figure 's eye ; a intense stare hide in the shadow . the man now put he hand in he pocket as if he 's reach for something . lilly now slowly slip she hand into she jacket , she gun a cold hard presence in she hand . she stare ahead at the approach figure , who have now stop , after bump into a pedestrian . lilly continue forward , closer , closer . from under the hood jacket the glisten eye of the man ahead catch hers for a moment . the man now begin to approach she , he hand pull something from he jacket , go for something . a gun . lilly immediately pull she gun . the mist bead on the shine barrel of she gun . the man be raise he hand towards she . lilly Police . put you hand where I can see they ! the man now lurch forward , he hand rise towards lilly , she finger begin to caress the trigger of she gun , as the man loom closer . and then he be go . cut to the man slamm against the wet wall of a building , grasp at the hand that now threaten to throttle he . and we see silus , he hand on the man 's throat , and for only the second time , we see anger in silus ' eye . people in the street scatter as more Brothers emerge with gun point . and lilly , shaking , point she gun at the man silus be hold . on the ground , next to the man , she see what he have in he hand . a pamphlet . ask people to come to church service ; a picture of a brother priest serenely beam out from it . 70 meanwhile the man that silus have be gag on the ground , silus ' hand still on he throat . he 's begging . parishoner Holy brother , please ... lilly grab silus ' shoulder . lilly let he go . she show silus the pamphlet . lilly ( continue ) he 's harmless . let he go . the man now pull back he hood . he be black , he large , watery eye stare up in awe at silus . he grab silus ' hand which now relax and draw silus ' ring to he lip , kissing it , in tear . parishoner forgive I . I have offended you ... we see silus ' dark stare . a beat . then silus reach out and place he hand on the man 's head . silus no . you be divine . it be the world that offend I . silus rise , the parishioner just lay there in awe . silus now turn to lilly who be on he shoulder . and now lilly realize for the first time that it be silus . lilly brother silus . what 's go on ? we then hear a police siren and a car pull up through the rain . the door open and Jones emerge , take in both lilly and silus . a grim smile of realization come to Jones ' face . he pull something from he jacket . cut to 71 81 int : lilly apartment , lounge - night 81 steph 's id be toss down on a table . jone ( off ) a shopkeeper hear yell . go to see , find this . one witness . a prostitute . Jones toss down a photo . it be freddy , look suitably scummy in a police identikit photo . jone ( continue ) she identify this lovely citizen . we think maybe he have a grudge or be crazy . I guess we be wrong . silus stand by the window ; light make pattern on he face . silus it be Edgar . lilly and now he 's get steph . why do he want she ? silus she be not what he be after . we see lilly slowly get it . lilly steph be stay with I . she be wear my coat . it be I he be after . be not it ? silus now turn , slowly move towards she , come out of the shadow . lilly find it hard to return he gaze , involuntarily touch she neck where it be scar from Edgar 's attack . Jones be watch all this very carefully . silus yes . he will come for you lilly . jone right , then we put you somewhere safe and set up this place . shooter on the roof . and when he come we blow he fuck brain out . silus he will know . he will see and hear it . 72 lilly be stare at steph 's id . lilly it have to be I . that 's what he want . it 's the only chance steph 's get . jone what be you talk about , she 's probably dead already ... lilly Jones ! and we can not make it too hard . he have to be able to get in . he can not suspect anything . Jones be shaking he head . silus just stare at lilly . lilly ( continue ) that 's the way it will be . I be the bait . Close on silus . 82 int : jamestown slum , hideout - sunset 82 we be in a large , derelict warehouse ; detritus and stack and smashed wooden crate . Music be play somewhere in the distance from a phonograph . we track through the space . daylight come through crack in the black out window high above , create tiny shaft of laser light that flicker from the dust . we pass through the stack of crate that be like a high wall maze . Music emit from a stereo , loud . we continue to move down a hall . through the detritus , towards a door . a hand open the door . 83 int : jamestown slum , hideout , cell - continuing 83 in the corner of the room , huddle , chain to the floor , be steph . she do not look good . in fact she look very sick . there be tube come off she arm . freddy stoops down and begin to check the tube run from she arm . there be small tap on the tube . he turn they on . blood begin to flow from she into a cup that be already stain red . as he turn it off steph shiver , she eye open . the white of she eye be blood red ; she be sick . she speak , weakly . 73 steph help I . please , I be sick . help I . she reach for freddy , but he pull away . freddy 's not look too hot either . freddy do not fuck touch I . he pick up the half fill cup and leave . steph stare after he . tear welling in she eye , beginning to shake now , move against the chain that bind she . but they stay fast . 84 int : jamestown slum , hideout - continuing 84 freddy move into the large warehouse space , the music still echoing . freddy look around , search for Edgar . freddy hey ! his voice echoe through the empty space . freddy ( continue ) where have you go now ? 85 ext : lilly apartment - night 85 a Pov , waver slightly , the hint of a whisper breath . we see lilly 's apartment . the shot zoom in at high velocity , search the window , zoom in here to check the lock on this window , then on that . then the shot wildly pan and twist to the street below . again it zoom in , to the entrance of the building , to a couple walk past in the night , as if search for any sign of something out of the ordinary . we can hear the couple voice , talk about inane thing . cut to Edgar 's face in the shadow . his eye reflective , he whole be readied and concentrate . he close he eye . we move around to end close on he ear , the soundtrack become stark as the sound of the night become eerily separate and distinct . one sound in particular , a kind of metal sound , scratch slightly , grow louder . Edgar 's eye open . cut to a zoom speed towards lilly 's bedroom window , then swoop at the last minute to end on a apartment one floor down . 74 and there , gently move in the night air , a partially open window , the latch grind in the breeze . cut to 86 int : lilly apartment - continuing 86 a whiz pan Pov , end on the lounge of lilly 's apartment ; as if we just catch the last part of someone turn they head , as if alert . all the light be out . we slowly begin to move forward , dip and glide silently , into the hallway . slowly we approach a doorway and creep into ... 87 int : lilly apartment , bedroom - continuing 87 we can see lilly lie on the bed , she skin alabaster in the moonlight that come through the window blind . closer closer until we halt above she . cut closer to see lilly asleep ; she hand grip she service revolver which protrude from under she pillow . we see silus stand above she , he eye glisten in the sub light . as he watch , lilly move , as if she 's have a dream , she hand grip the gun beneath she pillow . silus slowly bend down , close to she . watch . then he reach out , as if to gently wake she , then stop as lilly stir . she turn , curling up into the fetal position . silus be confront with the old scar from Edgar 's attack . for a moment silus stare at she . stare . then very quietly , smoothly , he move he head down , very close to she arm . he sniff it , as you would something very delicate , very complex . then he close he eye . we see lilly , she arm . silus slowly enter frame , move he face close to lilly , move along she arm as if take in she scent . slowly she arm raise , as he face move up she body to she neck , she hand now embrace silus ' head . closer as he face be near hers and still with eye close she face turn towards he , he dark lip and hers be close . cut to silus , back where he be , smell she arm . his eye open and he move back a little , as if shocked by the daydream he have just indulge in . we see lilly , as she be before , curl up in the fetal position . then a sound . 75 silus immediately pivot , he gun immediately point at the figure who stand silhouett in the doorway . Jones . jone what be you do ? the camera immediately drop , through the floor of lilly 's apartment to the apartment below to find ... 88 int : apartment below lilly - continuing 88 ... Edgar , stand in the apartment below , immediately freezing . we zoom into he ear as he listen . flash cut of sound and image ; a large man turn in he bed and groan , a tap drip in a apartment , a fluorescent color mosquito catcher vaporize a mosquito with a zing , then a woman 's lip ; whisper ... lilly what be it ? Jones ? cut to 89 int : lilly apartment , bedroom - continuing 89 silus above lilly , he hand up to silence she , Jones stock still in the doorway . wait , wait ... bang , silus rush to the window of the apartment , rip it open , point he gun below . but there be no one there . then silus spot it . on the floor below the window be open , a curtain gently waft out of the window in the breeze . silus turn to Jones and lilly . silus stay here . silus immediately drop out of the window . cut to lilly rush to the window and look out expect to see silus dead on the pavement below , but the street be empty . and then she see it ; the window below she apartment be open . 90 int : lilly apartment , hallway - continuing 90 lilly , gun extend , move forward towards she apartment door , Jones behind she , try to grab she . 76 jone get back here , lilly ! but lilly shove he off , open the door and move into the hall and wait . 77 she hear more smash from the other side of the building . she turn to Jones . lilly cover I . and she 's off , smash the apartment door in front of she with she foot and move into the apartment , towards the window beyond . Jones can only curse , lift he gun and move after she . 91 int : apartment adjacent to lilly - continuing 91 lilly 's Pov crash through the apartment and reach the window , pull it open to see ... 92 ext : lilly apartment , rear - continuing 92 ... lilly 's Pov of the city below . we see she search with she eye , and then she see it . cut to lilly 's Pov , closer , look down on Edgar run over a roof . cut to Edgar run towards we as we track back , then he launch himself ... cut to low angle , Edgar jump from above we , to land almost on the camera , stop himself by grab iron piping protrude from the side of the building . Edgar turn , smile , think he 's escape ; then shock come across he face . cut to Edgar 's Pov as silus fly through the air and crash straight into the camera . silus ' hand go straight for Edgar 's throat , stop Edgar from fall . the two Brothers eye lock . edgar you save I ... then Edgar 's smile . he push off the wall with he leg , send both of they tumble over the railing . 78 we see they fall , silus hit a railing which send he spin out of control , whilst Edgar manage to clasp onto it . cut to silus ' Pov , tumble wildly out of control , head for the ground , finally come to a jarring stop , the view of the alleyway upside down . we now reveal silus , only just conscious , catch in wire netting , hang upside down in the alleyway . and there , landing , be Edgar , poise , watch . Edgar slowly approach so that he be near . he bend down to silus . edgar ( continue ) when will you admit it . you be just like I . Edgar 's nose be bleed . he dab some on he finger , then raise he hand to silus . edgar ( continue ) maybe you need some encouragement . he bring the drip blood closer to silus , closer ... then a explosion ; the sound of bullet whistling through the air . then Edgar be go . cut to lilly and Jones enter the alleyway to find silus still hang from the railing . lilly ( to Jones ) get he down . lilly then move into the adjacent alleyway to search for Edgar . jone lilly , wait ! damn you . lilly ! she turn and give he a final quick look . lilly if he escape then steph be dead . just follow I when you can , hurry ! cut to 79 lilly move through a slick wet alleyway ; water plop and dribble from leak pipe . she swing she gun towards movement ; water crash out of a pipe . lilly 's shaking , terrify , but she keep on go . and then another sound and she swing she gun to find Edgar , stand in the shadow , wait . edgar the little policewoman . lilly do not move ! Edgar purposely raise he hand so that she fire ; the bullet go through the flesh of Edgar 's arm ; he arm now smoking . lilly ( continue ) I say do not move . where be she , where 's the girl ? Edgar can only smile . edgar oh , I have kill she already . essentially . then he move , she fire , but he 's too fast , spin , diving , in a instant he have the gun , twist it and lilly 's arm behind she back . she fire , once , twice , the bullet and smoke rise up from Edgar 's side . he twist harder , the gun then fall to the ground . Edgar be now behind she . he move he face close to hers . edgar ( continue ) have he taste you yet , little policewoman ? lilly try to twist out of he grasp . edgar ( continue ) he 's just the same as I , you know it , you can feel it too . lilly he 's nothing like you . Edgar 's face twist into a smile . edgar we will see . you will be my tool . jump CUT : 80 a cat , hiss , screeching . cut to silus and Jones enter the alleyway , the cat tear away from they in fright . Jones move forward and we tilt down to see lilly 's gun lie on the wet cobblestone , smoke wisping from the barrel . Jones stoops down and pick up the gun , then turn to silus . after a beat , Jones throw the gun at silus ' head . silus dodge it easily and it clack onto the cobblestone . jone you happy now ? cut to 93 int : jamestown slum , hideout , toilet - day 93 Close on freddy 's face , look at himself in a mirror . he 's pull back he eyelid ; he eye be bloodshot and he 's sweat . freddy then push the mirror shut and we see Edgar , silhouett in the bathroom doorway . freddy you scared the shit out of I . hey , the police woman . she 's real sick . to tell the truth I do not feel so hot myself . Edgar approach , still silhouett . edgar I want you to take she and put she where they will find she . freddy but I be sick . she 's give I something ... Edgar move incredibly fast , we can not quite see what he have do but we suspect he have just bury he hand in freddy 's chest . we see freddy 's face , stunne , deathly white . edgar what have I say to you ? freddy fall , leave Edgar 's hand in mid air ; we can not see clearly , but it like frighteningly like he have one of freddy 's internal organ in he hand . edgar ( continue ) I hate argument . cut to 81 94 ext : jamestown slum , alleyway - day 94 Close on a pendant ; the symbol of the Brothers . we pull out to reveal steph , very sick now . Edgar be have she wrap in a sheet and be half carry she along a decrepit alley . ahead of he be a street ; we can see several passersby . Edgar sit steph up against the wall of the alley , propped up . she really be sick . she cough . Edgar look at she for a moment . then after consideration , take she hand and cross they , and place a envelope in she limp hand . happy with the composition he move off . cut to a close High angle on steph look up , she bloodshot , daze eye stare blankly . we drift up and away from she . already the rat be beginning to come out and sniff she . 95 int : hospital , hallway - day 95 there be several nurse run towards we , they turn and move down a hallway . we reveal Jones and dominic . they move to the nurse station and Jones flash he id . jone Stephanie Richards , you just bring she in . and then a scream . blood curdle ; the sound of someone insane , scream they lung out , hurl abuse . we see the face of the cop and the terrify nurse in front of they who point down the hall where the noise be come from . the cop move off . the nurse then see someone else arrive . she raise the pendant that hang around she neck and kiss it . nurse thank god you be here . we see who have enter . it be silus . near he there be several people sick . they look sick ; like steph and freddy look . cut to 96 int : hospital , isolation ward - continuing 96 Jones and the dominic move through a anteroom . nursing staff and doctor be madly run about . the scream we hear before punctuate the noisy clutter of medical procedure . Jones approach a door ; it have the word " level 4 isolation unit " on it . a large Guard block he way . 82 Jones show he id . a figure brushes past they and enter the door ; the figure be fully deck out in something like a spacesuit . Jones and dominic be ushere sideways , to another room . this room have a glass view window which look into the adjacent room . a middle age Doctor stand there , he thumb nail in he mouth , look thoughtful . when he turn towards Jones , we can see there be fear in he eye . Jones show he id . scream from within the adjacent room draw he attention and that of Jones . 97 int : hospital , steph room - continuing 97 in the adjacent room two nurse be try to put in a line to steph 's arm which be restrain by strap . steph lie on a bed . she look truly sick ; she hair matte , she skin blotchy . her eye be also blood red , the tiny blood vessel hemorrhage . and she be scream abuse at the nurse and doctor who work on she . Close of Jones , stare at the scene . silus now enter the room . almost immediately steph stop scream . she be stare directly at silus ; even this derange , she be still in complete awe . jone will she recover ? the Doctor turn to Jones ; the Doctor look puzzle . doctor no. containment be the issue now . she be ... insane . and we have have more case , 10 in the last hour . the Doctor leave . Jones turn to silus . jone what be this ? what be it ? silus it come from Edgar . he have share he blood with they . jone you be tell I that he 's out there spread this around ? Jones get close to silus , intimidating . 83 jone ( continue ) he will give it to lilly ! dominic get in between . dominic Jones ! back off . dominic push Jones back and then stare at silus . dominic ( continue ) this be spread . silus do not speak , just stare at steph . dominic ( continue ) brother silus ? jone that 's it , lilly 's dead . silus no . he will keep she alive . dominic why ? silus so that I will come for he . that 's what he want . dominic pull a envelope from he jacket and pass it to silus , who open it to discover a beautifully handwritten letter . dominic it say , " everything flow from I . my blood will change the world . " what do that mean ? silus stare at the two man . then turn to steph , she eye , creepy , still lock on silus . 98 omitted 98 thru thru 103 103 84 103a ext : jamestown slum build , roof - night 103a jamestown , from above . we drift down so that we see the building , see fire break out , hear scream echoing through the night . we continue down towards the rooftop of one building in particular . we see one of the infect citizen of jamestown stand on the roof , scream out into the night like some craze animal . we continue past the creature , then travel through a ventilation shaft on the roof . we hurtle down this , down , down to the depth of the building and out the shaft into a subterranean basement . we drift through a doorway in the wet stone wall , down a tunnel , to finally enter a room . and we see lilly . she be cover in grime , she hand bound above she head with chain to a ancient , ornate pipe that twist through the place . she look up at we . cut to 103b int : jamestown slum , hideout , cell - continuing 103b Edgar , now stand above lilly . he bend down , check the chain that bind she . his face move close to she so that he can smell she . hear she heart pound . see the scar from he previous attack . then a noise , echoing through the tunnel . the sound of the mad infect denizen of the containment zone , scream out into the night . Edgar smile . edgar it almost sound like child play , do not you think ? lilly no . edgar I look at you body . you have borne a child . lilly 's feature tense . edgar ( continue ) do you abandon it ? you kind be good at that . even though she position be impossible , lilly will not show Edgar fear . lilly why do not you just kill I ? Edgar just smile . lilly spit in he face and scream at he . 85 lilly ( continue ) kill I ! Edgar grab she by the throat , for a moment anger boil out of Edgar , but he restrain himself . edgar I can see why he like you . but I have a better use for you . to save you , silus will take my blood . join I . lilly you be insane . edgar the world be insane . I be better than you . but they force I to serve you . do that happen in a sane world ? forced to watch you waste the most precious thing you have . life . then Edgar 's face change ; he stare at she with pity , for a moment we see a hint of the noble creature he use to be . edgar ( continue ) do you know what they do to we when we be bear ? they take we from we mother . Force we into a life of loneliness , and denial . can you imagine a life like that ? lilly sense a open . lilly you do not have to do this . you can change thing . Edgar place he head in he hand , he seem to be weep . edgar you have remind I of something . when he look back up at she , he be terrifying to behold . edgar ( continue ) I must search out my mother , if she still life . and kill she for what she do . 86 Edgar smile quietly , rise and exit . we be leave with lilly bound to the rusty pipe . she strain , try to pull she hand from the chain , but they will not move . above she on the pipe there be a old rusty bracket . lilly blink through the sweat run into she eye . she move the chain that bind she hand closer to the bracket and begin rub the chain against the bracket in the vain hope that she may be able to cut she way through the chain . she strain harder and harder , fight back the tear , the fear , she just grind at the chain repetitively . cut to 104 int : hospital , steph room - day 104 steph , in the hospital bed , she eye stare up , hollow . a bed sheet be draw over she dead face . cut to 105 int : hospital , various - continuing 105 we see silus . stare through a window into a office . in there we can see Jones . Jones be talk in a very animated manner to someone who be obviously a reporter . the reporter stare , like Jones , through the window towards silus . Jones turn away , look guilty . cut to bedlam in the hospital corridor . people scream , be restrain . what be clear be that the virus steph have have now break out into a plague of biblical proportion . we see a doctor stand in the middle of the hospital corridor , blood over he smock , in a state of pure shock . and we see silus there . a perfect creature observe the chaos . as he stand there he can see a small child ; a girl , maybe around five . silus stare at the child . the girl be hold she mother 's hand . her mother lie on a cot , strapped down ; there be many other cot fill the crowded hallway . her mother be dead . the girl 's dirty face be stain with tear . for a moment silus waver . then he move over to the girl . she stare up at he with she tear stain grimy face . silus go to place he hand on she forehead as bless , but the child cringe , then jump up and escape down the hallway . silus can only stare at the horror of it all . cut to 87 106 int : room - day 106 on a dirty , stain valve radio . we slowly track in on the speaker , hearing a interview come from it . reporter ( off ) some say this plague be the result of genetic experimentation , by the Brothers . do you have a comment ? cut to 106a deleted 106a 107 ext : jamestown slum , quarantine zone - night 107 we move past road block . health official ( off ) we be ask everyone to stay in they home in the section of jamestown now under quarantine . armed , gas mask guard stand with they gun at the ready . Beyond the blockade be jamestown . fire burn , body lie on the street . reporter ( off ) there be report of resident be shot try to escape the quarantine zone . be that true ? they say the Queen have leave the city ... be this martial law ? a figure be stumbling towards we . one of the guard fire and the figure drop . cut to two soldier , wear crude victorian containment suit , surveying a map . 88 soldier we have block off this section , and here , contain the jamestown slum . we see the soldier outline the quarantine zone , mark in red . 108 omitted 108 and and 109 109 110 int : brotherhood build , foyer - day 110 there be a angry mob , bang on the lock door of the brotherhood building . they placard tell the tale . " Brothers have bring the plague . " " no to genetic experimentation . " edgar ( off ) do you like the world I be make for we , silus ? I have not have you little policewoman yet . but I will soon . you will just have to find I . you know where I be . everything flow from I . remember that ... human police stand ready with gun . it 's a disaster . silus be there . he watch the face of the mob , bay for blood . he see they burn the emblem of the brotherhood . dissolve to : 111 int : brotherhood build , augustus ' office - continuing 111 we be in a beautifully ornate office . it be like a private chapel . we see silus enter . he be grim . augustus be kneel in prayer . he sense silus . augustus the infection be spread . each day he share he blood with more of they . even though they be lock in they home . 89 silus he be somewhere in the quarantine zone . I will find he . augustus turn to silus . augustus move closer to he , stare into silus ' strange , pale eye . augustus clear . so very clear you eye . the way they be when you be bear . there will be no search . augustus move off to he desk . silus be shocked . silus no search ? augustus the Queen have instruct the government to evacuate the city around the quarantine zone . in another day they will take action . silus what kind of action ? augustus eradication . of everything within the area . they will burn it all . include Edgar . silus and the innocent there , who be not infect ? augustus it be a necessary step . we cannot let this escape . silus no ! augustus look up at silus ; this be perhaps the first time silus have refuse anything that augustus have decreed . 90 augustus be it the policewoman ? be this affect you think ? there be no love for we kind silus . only service . silus we have do this . released this thing into the world . we have betrayed they trust in we , more than once . I will not do it again . augustus there be no debate . they will be sacrifice , so the rest will be pure . silus shake he head . augustus ( continue ) this policeman , Jones . he talk to the press . told they this come from Edgar . silus watch augustus very carefully . augustus ( continue ) there be member of the inner circle who question the way you have handle this . blame you for this man 's action . I have make it clear that you will fix this . that you will silence he . augustus move close to silus now . gently touch he face . augustus ( continue ) this be hard thing we do . but you must think of the great good . and of you own future . cut to a light bulb flicker . 112 int : jone apartment , hall - night 112 Jones exit a elevator . the light above he flicker and die . he stand in the dark . 91 jone great . Jones begin to stomp down the hall , towards the part of the hall that be light . then pop , that light go out as well . Jones stop . he pull out he big gun from he armpit holster . he check over he shoulder , and then with the gun extend he move slowly forward . he approach a area that open up a little . he pause , then under he breath . jone ( continue ) come on then ... he launch himself around the corner and fire he gun . he 's lucky that he miss he target . a small , dirty , cower boy with he finger on the bank of light switch . the wall next to the boy 's head have explode ; dust and wall board now drift down like snow . Jones can only stare at the quivering child whose dirty face blank with fright . then Jones turn . he can make out a figure in the dark hall . a patient , quiet sentinel . 113 int : jone apartment - night 113 Jones open the door to he apartment and enter . silus follow . the place be a dump . Lounge and kitchen all one area , bedroom off to one side , dish in the sink , clothes everywhere . Jones head into the kitchen and turn on a coffee machine , then grab a dirty glass , pour a drink . silus watch he . Jones come into the lounge . he still have he gun in he hand . he stare at silus , whose perfect outline make Jones ' life seem even more abysmal . jone what do you want ? silus I want to help you . they know you talk to the press . jone they can fuck off . for that matter , so can you . Jones take a slurp on he drink . 92 jone ( continue ) you would be the last person I would trust . silus why ? jone I see you . remember . watch lilly , when she be asleep . silus do not answer now . Jones move forward . jone ( continue ) maybe you be just like you brother . maybe you be help he . now there 's a think . Jones prod silus ' shoulder with the gun . jone ( continue ) do you know where she be ? Jones prod again and find silus ' elegant steel finger around he wrist . the two man face off . jone ( continue ) you have change . not the outside . but inside . I know you . you know what , I can see myself ? Jones try to wrench he wrist free , but silus hold it tight . Jones swing he free arm and smashes silus on the side of the face . for a moment silus do not move , then he hand be around Jones ' throat . squeeze . squeeze . his other hand wrenching the gun from Jones ' hand . there be silence in the room , apart from Jones ' choke gag . then silus push Jones back so that he fly into a chair . Jones stare up at silus now , fear in he eye . silus watch he . then a sound attract he attention . cut to Water hiss from Jones ' coffee machine in the kitchen . jone ( continue ; sneering ) coffee 's ready . cut to 93 silus , turn , listen , focus on the water drip from the coffee machine . silus be concentrate . realization come into he eye . we zoom close to silus ' ear . the soundtrack become enhance . cut to the tap in Jones ' fester sink , drip ; plop plop plop . we see the water in the bottom of the sink reflect the room . we see silus approach ; reflect there . his hand enter frame and touch the water . and we hear Edgar 's voice , the word we hear he say in augustus ' office . edgar ( off ) you know where I be . everything flow from I ... we see silus stare at the water . we see a giant drop of water hang from the tap , hang , hang , then fall ... cut to 114 int : jamestown slum , hideout - night 114 we be under water , liquid drop down into the water ; red liquid , blood . we can see a figure distort in the water ; the figure be bleed himself into the water . it be Edgar . cut to we see a subterranean water system . we see Edgar at the edge of a pool , bleed himself into the water supply . Edgar look up . his eye reflect at we , blink like a animal 's . cut to lilly in she cell , still grind away at the chain that bind she hand . she stop , as if she 's hear something , expect Edgar to walk through the doorway . he do not . she begin desperately grind away at the chain once more . cut to 115 int : jone apartment - continuing 115 back on silus who now turn to Jones . silus do you have a map ? cut to 94 Jones lay out a map of the city on he kitchen table ; empty booze bottle roll out of the way . Jones have a pen and he 's mark off a area . jone there 's the quarantine zone . it 's a pit . slum . silus the water supply . where be it ? Jones search and then pin point a area in the center of the quarantine zone . jone there , all the old suburb be supply by they own artesian well . mineral spring . that 's why it have not break out of jamestown , it 's the water . jamestown 's water . the two man stare at each other , both reach the same conclusion . silus he be there , with lilly . we see the map . 116 ext : jamestown slum , quarantine zone - night 116 cut to a crane down to reveal silus and Jones observe the guard at the blockade . jone you will never get in , they have circle the whole borough . silus turn to Jones . silus I will get in . you must go to the press . tell they about the water . tell they what the government will do . jone you be dead after this . you know that ? whatever happen . silus smile . silus watch for I , Officer Jones . 95 silus exit . Jones watch he leave , then Jones leave too . 117 ext : jamestown slum , quarantine zone - continuous 117 we see silus , close . it 's as if he be meditate . we pull out to reveal he be kneel on the roof of a building ; he look as if he 's prepare himself for something . he then rise , all fluid concentration , and run towards we and then the camera be on he shoulder as he jump off the roof . cut to silus ' Pov fall down down , fall towards a window then smash through it . 117a ext : omitted - continuing 117a 118 int : apartment build , quarantine zone - continuous 118 silus explode onto the floor of the apartment . for a moment there be silence , just glass tinkling , silus poise . then silus turn and be go . cut to 119 ext : jamestown slum , quarantine zone - continuous 119 the slum be wrap in smoke and haze from fire that burn there ; a eerie dead zone , make all the stranger by the gothic spire that climb out of the haze . then silus hear something . it be the wail of a new bear child . silus move towards the cry , then up ahead he see a figure , kneel on the ground . as silus move through the haze he see what it be . it be a brother Priest , kneel beside someone . the brother be hold the hand of the person on the ground who be in the last throw of death . when silus be next to he the Priest look up at he . tear wet he cheek . for a moment they just stare at each other . priest 2 who have do this , brother ? silus we have . to we shame . 96 the silus hear the baby cry again . closer now . the Priest stare at the die creature on the ground in front of he . drop the limp hand he be hold . then rise and turn squarely to silus . priest 2 I have something to show you . the Priest move off towards a building and silus follow . cut to 119a int : jamestown slum , quarantine zone , hovel - continuing 119a we see silus and the Priest enter . the Priest lead silus into the dark place . as he move forward silus can hear a strange gurgle sound ; not of the sick or die , this be a more innocent sound . the sound of a newborn . we see silus approach a filthy , roughly make crib . in it be a baby ; it 's eye stare up at silus with wisdom beyond they year . priest 2 it be a miracle my brother . she be a female , the first of we kind . silus watch the baby carefully . silus she must be protect . he then turn to the Priest . silus ( continue ) I would ask for you help brother . the Church can no longer be trust ... 119b ext : jamestown slum , hideout - continuing 119b Edgar , atop the roof of the building that sit above the water treatment plant . he be watch he handiwork ; the scream in the night , the burn fire , the haze rise up , cloaking the city . then down below , he see a figure approach . he know who it be . silus be come to he . cut to 97 120 int : jamestown slum , hideout , cell - continuing 120 lilly , in she cell . she be work the chain that bind she hand against the pipe . she 's rub they desperately , harder , harder . then she stop . she can hear someone approach . Edgar appear in the doorway ; still and poise . then he turn , listen . a creak echoe through the tunnel as if a iron door , somewhere above , have be open . edgar he 's come little one . he 's come for you . Edgar take one more blink look at lilly and then leave , slamm the large iron door behind he . lilly pull at the chain , hope against hope that they ' will break . they do not . lilly no . she now look above . the pipe she chain be connect to run up towards the roof , then take a bend to disappear into the wall near the door . she bang on the pipe . there be a little movement where it go into the wall . just enough to give she some hope . lilly struggle now to she foot . she slide the chain up . to get the chain over the bend she will have to jump . she do , slide the chain over the bend . now she hang from the pipe , the chain cut into she wrist viciously , make she groan . she then get she hand on the pipe and begin slide along the pipe until she be near the door . she then reach up with she foot and kick at the wall , push , try to dislodge the pipe . it move , water leak from it . but it do not give way . a desperate beat . then she reach down to the door with she foot . she try to force down the door handle , she foot wet and slippery . finally she get the handle down , open the door so that it clang against the wall . lilly ( continue ) hello ! I be down here . silus ... her hand slip from the pipe and again the chain bite into she wrist . she cry out in pain . cut to 98 121 int : jamestown slum , hideout - continuing 121 above we see silus , stop . lilly 's cry echo through the place . it be a wet maze of grease and rust , ornate twist pipe build long ago and now decrepit . silus wait , listen . then something . cut to foot , move fast , splash in a pool of black water . silus turn , just catch a movement , a flash of someone move off through the distort piping . he move to where he see the figure , to catch sight of a person move to a open iron doorway . silus lilly ? but when the woman turn it be not lilly . it be one of the infect ; the red eye , mad and stare at he . and both he and the creature hear it . cries , of someone in pain . lilly . cut to 121a int : jamestown slum , hideout , stairwell - continuing 121a lilly 's cry echo up the stairwell , up towards the surface . cut to 121b int : jamestown slum , hideout , cell - continuing 121b lilly twist on the chain that bind she to the pipe , cry out in pain . cut to 121c int : jamestown slum , hideout 121c the creature move through the doorway towards the sound of lilly 's cry . silus now move forward to get to the creature , fly towards the doorway . we see he approach the doorway and then from nowhere Edgar slam into silus , send they both careen over a railing . 121d int : jamestown slum , hideout , stairwell - continuing 121d low angle look directly up at the two Brothers fall , bounce and crash off the rail on the way down . 99 121e int : jamestown slum , hideout , steamroom - continuing 121e they both hit the wet stone floor . they be in the pipe room where subterranean mineral spring rise up from deep in the earth and where the borough water supply be sterilize . silus be stunne , rise , blood issue from he mouth . silus pull he gun from he coat , but Edgar 's kick be too fast , whipping the gun away so that the glass instrument smashes against some drip pipe . Edgar then square off against silus . edgar it be a maze down here . but give time , that thing will find she . do thing to she . I will show you where she be , if you take some . Edgar stalk forward . he hold up he arm to silus . silus stare at the tube come from Edgar 's arm . Edgar move towards silus , twist on the tube so that he infect blood drip onto the ground . edgar ( continue ) you be almost there anyway . and then silus ' face , intense , a dark smile , he hand now grip Edgar 's hand ; surprise in Edgar 's eye . he pull Edgar toward he with all he might , he hand clamping onto Edgar 's throat - the power of the entwine body immense - then Edgar whipping he body , break silus ' grip , smash silus on the side of the head , but then only to get a kick from silus directly in the stomach that send he smash into several protrude pipe , rip into he back . Edgar scream . 100 122 int : jamestown slum , hideout , cell - continuing 122 lilly . half conscious now , hang from the pipe above she , twist . the sound of Edgar 's scream make she groan , awaken a little , daze . then there be a loud clang . she crane she head to see down the tunnel that lead to she cell . she catch sight of a shadow , movement in the tunnel . lilly silus ... 101 then the figure move into the tunnel , shuffle , the leg not completely follow the brain instruction , but do enough to propel the person forward , then a stumble . and in a shaft of light lilly can see a hand slapping at the wet wall . but it be less a hand than a claw . and the face that follow the hand ; the red , reflective eye of one of the half mad , the infect . the thing catch sight of lilly , then propel itself towards she . we see it 's Pov , approach faster , faster . and lilly reach out with she foot , to the door , struggle to hook it with she foot , try to close it , almost catch the door handle , but she foot be so slippery and the thing be almost on she . then she stretch out with she foot , just catch the door and slam it in the face of the thing that be about to attack she . the thing on the other side of the door be now scream wildly and the door handle be jerk down as the creature try to activate it and lilly have she foot on it , try desperately to keep the door shut , but she foot keep slip . and then she realize that the pipe from which she hang be beginning to wobble - water be now coursing from the hole in the wall , beginning to flow faster and faster . her foot slip more and more on the door . lilly try to keep the door close , but she foot be too slippery and the thing be push through the door . in the dark space only its eye and slaver mouth be clear , hand grasp for lilly leg , scratch at they , lilly twist , the creature 's nail search for purchase on she leg . lilly haul herself up , wrapping she leg around the pipe she 's attach to . the thing below she be groan incoherently , reach up , its hand grab at she , lilly pull herself just out of reach , then see the eye below she , want she . lilly try to pull herself higher . and then she feel it . the pipe she 's attach to be shifting , where it join the wall . Water be now flooding from it , the pipe jerk down , some of the old wall give way . the creature 's finger be now able to grasp lilly 's t-shirt , drag at it , pull at she , scream , the pipe grind , water flow and then the whole thing come down , the pipe burst out of the wall . lilly and the pipe fall , right on top of the creature . for a moment neither of they move , then the creature be grab at lilly 's hair , pull she head back . in a flash lilly pull the pipe to which she be attach right into the face of the creature . this give she time to stagger upright . she 's still chain around the pipe ; she can see the end of the pipe near the door . 102 she begin to slide the chain back as the creature begin to rise and advance towards she . lilly desperately slide the chain along the pipe . it catch on a protrusion , while the creature advance . lilly frees it just in time , fall backwards as the creature jump at she , lilly lift the chain up to hold the creature back . the creature strain to get at lilly . lilly now have the chain at the creature 's neck . she begin to tighten it around the creature 's neck , she only hope now . the creature change now , from frightening to pitiful as it realize it can not breath , it 's finger desperately move over lilly 's face , almost plead . tear form in lilly 's eye as she tighten the stranglehold ; there be no anger there , just desperation , and behind that , pity . the creature breathes it 's last breath then collapse onto lilly . 123 omitted 123 and and 124 124 124a int : jamestown slum , hideout , steamroom - continuing 124a Edgar and silus stalk each other in the steam room . Edgar launch himself towards silus , but silus be now too quick . silus slam Edgar sideways into a pipe , a imprint of Edgar 's face leave on the pipe . 103 stun Edgar release he grip , stumble back , silus rise now , he have he . again , silus slam Edgar 's head into another pipe . and now silus have Edgar 's throat in he fist and the look on silus ' face tell Edgar he will not escape . we see Edgar , beginning to lose consciousness now , die . steam now rise all around they from break pipe . then behind silus , Edgar can make something out . a old , corrode tank , steaming , with the word sterilizer on it . there be a series of long shaft connect to the sterilizer via a tube and hold in position by clamp ; they look like they be for sterilizing bottle . with a last effort Edgar propel silus backwards onto one of the shaft , make silus grimace and clutch he back where he 's be pierce , then slide to the ground . the pierce have operate some lever so that steam now also drift from the wound on silus ' back . cut to silus look up , clutching he back with the pain of it . and now Edgar above he . he remove one of the sterilizer shaft from the bracket that hold it . he clutches a lever on the side which make viciously hot steam pulse from the end of the shaft . Edgar move slowly towards silus . we see silus , unable to rise , crawl back , until bang , he 's stop by more pipe behind he . nowhere to go . and Edgar ready to pounce . he do , drive the shaft towards silus ' head . silus manage to raise one hand to Edgar 's wrist to stop the shaft from pierce he skull . now the shaft be right in silus ' face , the lightly steaming hole stare back at silus . Edgar 's finger move to the lever on the side of the shaft , ready to get some steam go . edgar if I burn the skin from you face , I wonder how that would be . if you look like a monster ... cut to Edgar 's finger move over the steaming lever . the steaming end of the shaft right in silus ' face . then Edgar 's face as he watch he brother face for the last time . the blast sound of steam and a steaming blast from the shaft drift into we frame . cut to silus . his face be not scold . 104 cut back to Edgar , he expression get tighter , he face redder , the white of he eye become bloodshot . then he go to speak , but now word come out , only a swirl puff of steam . and then he fall and we see behind he , stand there be lilly , one of the other sterilizing shaft in she hand ; steam still rise from the sharp end of it . cut to Edgar , prone , on the wet floor of the pipe room ; steam rise from both he mouth and the back of he head . dissolve to : 125 ext : jamestown slum , quarantine zone - night 125 Pov steadicame through the street of the quarantine zone . the Pov belong to lilly who move down the street , half carry silus who limp . lilly take in the devastation . then silus pull up . lilly what be it ? silus in there . silus be point to a fall down building through the haze and the rain . lilly be there something wrong ? silus no . he gently touch she mud smear face . silus ( continue ) there be something very precious . you must take it , keep it secret . do not let they touch it . lilly I do not understand . silus you will . 105 and then they both hear it . a wail , distort , echoing ; it sound like a hurt animal . lilly look at silus . silus ( continue ) hurry . lilly turn towards the building . she slowly move towards it , into the doorway as silus watch she go . silus turn to the sunrise , it reflect in he eye . cut to 126 int : jamestown slum , quarantine zone , build , night 126 lilly move through the derelict place , past fall beam . it seem empty . then lilly hear it again . a wail . this time she know what it be ; we can tell from the way she eye glisten . she move forward , closer to the sound . and finally she see the brother Priest we see before , who kneel in front of a crate . he look up at she as she approach . as lilly move forward she see what lie with the crate . wrapped in dirty sacking , there be a baby . in the corner lilly can see a woman - the child 's mother - dead from the infection . the baby cry and lilly can see the tiny fang of a brother in the baby 's mouth . priest 2 the first female of she kind . the first daughter give to we . lilly move forward . emotional music rise in the soundtrack ; evoke memory , the circle complete . lilly reach out , let the baby girl grip she hand . lilly reach into the crate , draw the baby into she arm , stare down into the baby 's face ; a face somehow already wise , already serene . Broken tear run down lilly 's cheek as she press the baby to herself , all the pain of the past flooding over she , the baby 's tiny hand reach out , clasp onto she . priest 2 ( continue ) come . before they find she . cut to 106 127 ext : jamestown slum , quarantine zone - dawn 127 lilly exit the building . she look around for silus , but he have go . she pause . through the mist and drift smoke from the fire we can see that in the distance a tarnish sun be lighting the horizon . priest 2 we must go . after a final pause lilly move off with the Priest , carry the tiny bundle with she . lilly ( vo ) for I , everything have change now . because of silus I see the world through new eye . fade out : 128 ext : lilly apartment - night 128 silus , on a fire escape , in the shadow . go be the clothes of the Brotherhood , rather he be dress as someone who do not want to be see . cut to he Pov . we see lilly 's building . we see through the window , into she apartment ; a beacon of warmth in the night . in lilly 's bed we can see the baby , its hand happily make pattern before its eye . lilly ( vo ) now I see hope , and I see a child , the first female of she kind . silus scan the apartment . he can see the lounge . Jones be there with lilly . lilly be dress to go out ; to leave . Jones and lilly hug . then Jones pick up two suitcase and move towards the door . silus watch as lilly move into the bedroom and reach down for the tiny baby , its tiny arm clasp onto she as she lift it . lilly ( vo ) perhaps Edgar get what he want after all , because it time this child will truly change we world . 107 we see silus , closer , watch . cut to lilly , pause , move to the window of she apartment , stare out into the night , almost directly toward silus . she raise she hand , as if in a gesture of goodbye and then she leave . cut to silus , close , nodd . the end