colombiana written by Robert Mark kamen & luc besson August 2009 on a black screen bogota , colombia 1997 close on a page of a lara croft comic book be copy , with uncanny precision , down to the last detail , by a ten year old hand clutching a pencil . voice cataleya ! the page of a notebook turn , revealing neat cursive handwrite , cover the comic . pull back to int . cat be home - day cataleya restrepo , cat for short , a contain , very center 10 year old , pretty , but with a toughness , sit at the dining room table , in a well keep , but modest home , with window that look out over the steep hillside favela , attend to she notebook . on the window there be half a dozen beautiful orchid plant . the rare cataleya orchid . all around there be pack carton , suitcase . move day be at hand . mother cat ! be you homework finish yet ? cat work on it mama . her mother , take time off from pack , come over to cat , and turn the page of the notebook to reveal the lara Croft comic and it 's copy . mother you draw beautifully my love , but if you want to be something in life you have to study . cat I be study mama . I want to be a super hero . her mother turn the page back to the lesson . mother better to be a doctor . a lawyer . cat be we go to see uncle emilio ? 2 . mother I do not know . just wait to hear from you father . cat look up at a picture on the wall of the family . cat she mother , and she father . her face carry a bit of worry . close on don luis I can not believe this . mid 40 be , a gentleman , calm , courteous , impeccably dress . pull back to ext . don luis' garden - day at a table , with bottle of liquor and two glass , Don Luis sit opposite ... fabio why not ? cat 's father . off to the side , Don Luis 's right hand man , marco , stand like any right hand , unobtrusive . don luis because I love you Fabio . like a brother . fabio and I love you Don Luis . like a brother . he turn to Marco . don luis can you believe this guy Marco ? we start when we be little ... how old be we Fabio ? fabio ten . don luis ten year old bastard steal apple from the cart in the market . after all we have be through . and now we be on top , he want to leave ... fabio Luis , I be go to be honest with you . you remember I have that operation ? 3. don luis that be last year . fabio since then , I be not a hundred percent . and you can not do this thing if you be not a hundred percent . I be tired . don luis so you will take a rest . fabio you know how many time we should have be dead ? don luis I do not even want to count . fabio neither do I . but you gotta think . how lucky we be to still be alive . don luis yeah . that 's right . we be alive . and what about the future of this thing we build ? fabio it 's yours . it 's not my thing any more . don luis I be not go to talk you out of it , be I cabron ? fabio I will always be there for you Luis . just pick up the phone , I be there . don luis I be gonna hold you to that . you bastard . ( emotional ) I be go to miss you . fabio and I be go to miss you . don luis ok . enough of this sentimental bullshit . next we will be cry like two old woman . come on ! one last drink , huh ? he pour the liquor into the glass . don luis to the future . 4. they tap glass . fabio bueno . they shoot the liquor down . Fabio rise . don luis so. Business be all clear ? fabio all clear . he hand Don Luis a computer disc . fabio it 's all here . don luis no other copy ? fabio you even have to ask ? don luis hey . he shrug . open he arm . the two man embrace . Close as brother . fabio adios Marco . make sure he do not get in too much trouble . marco adios Don Fabio . I will do my best . and with that , Fabio exit the garden . Don Luis watch he , sad to see he friend go . sigh deeply , pour himself a whiskey , downs it , turn to Marco . don luis kill this motherfucker . int . car - day two man , hold automatics in they lap sit in the back the driver in the front . they see Fabio very contain , calm , walk towards they . the driver turn the engine on . Fabio slip into the passenger seat . the car take off . Fabio explode . smash the dashboard . over and over . fabio this fucker ! the motherfucker ! he keep bang the dash . 5. driver not ok boss ? fabio this bastard think I be a idiot . play it all mellow and shit . if he would have yell and scream and threaten to kill my whole family , it would have be ok . we have a hour to get out of here . at most . off the nervous look of the guy in the car ... ext . cat be home - day Fabio 's car come to a screeching halt . Fabio exit to three other gunman , nervous , on edge . the gunman from the car take defensive position . Fabio run up the stair . int . cat be home - day cat be still at the table draw , when she hear the screeching of tire , the fast footstep outside . she sense a storm come . Fabio burst in . his wife see he tension fill face . mother Fabio ? fabio we have get ten minute . mother ( panicked ) cataleya , go pack ! cat I be pack mama . cat be strangely calm , just sit at the table . watch as Fabio take the family picture off the wall , pries the frame back , extract a small chip hide inside the frame , come over to cat . fabio listen to I my darling . just in case of anything . this ... he hold the chip up . fabio this be you passport . do you understand ? she nod . he place the chip in she hand , take a card out of he pocket . 6 . fabio you find yourself alone ? you go to the address on this card . show it to the man at the front gate . cat I do not understand papa . fabio you do not have to understand . you just have to listen , and remember . as cat look at the chip . ext . cat be home - day as Fabio 's man keep a sharp lookout , two suv 's come roll down the street . they finger work the triggers of they weapon . the two suv 's roll up . the black out window roll down . man ( polite. smile ) hola . we want to see Don Fabio . bodyguard he 's not home . man you mind if we wait ? bodyguard you time . int . cat be home - day Fabio write on top of cat 's draw , rip the page off fold it , put it in she pocket , remove a medal from around he neck , drape it over hers . fabio and this will keep you safe . cat look down at the medal . close on the medal a imprint of a flower . fabio the cataleya orchid . it come from one place on Earth . we place . my mother , you grandmother , use to grow they . every morning I would wake up to the sight of they . the smell of they . that 's why I name you after they . it remind we of who we be . 7 . he kiss she on the forehead . his wife appear at the doorway with two suitcase . mother I be ready . ext . cat be home - day the man in the suv be on the phone . man they say he 's not home yet . he listen . ok . ok . he hang up . put he phone back in he pocket . walk up to Fabio 's man . man Change of plan . he pull out he gun , shoot they point blank . int . cat be home - day as they be exite the house through a rear door , the shot ring out . they see another black suv rush up the street . fabio back ! he push he family back inside . Fabio run to the window . see he man on the lose end of a gun battle . as the man fall , and other run up the stair fire as they retreat toward the front door ... fabio too late . get ready ! the mother drop the suitcase and run to the rear room . Fabio come over to the unnaturally calm cat . fabio I love you very much . cat I love you too papa . close on fabio' hand reaches under the table where cat be sit , take a gun strapped there . next to the gun be a big knife . and then footstep , come fast outside , draw he attention . 8. fabio alicia ! his wife run into the room tote two big ass assault rifle . she toss one to Fabio . both of they take up shooter 's position face the door . angle on cat sitting at the table , very still . watch . angle on her mother and father facing the front door , hand grip they assault rifle , sweat drip down they face , chest heaving , wait , wait , to blow anyone who come through the door to kingdom come . but they never get the chance because ... bbbbrrrraaaakkkkkk !!!!!!!! Machine gun fire shatter the window on both side of the room , tear into they body before they even get one shot off . tearing the orchid plant there to shred . cat watch in mute disbelief , shocked , as she parent body be riddled with heavy caliber round make they twitch and dance like marionette on wire . they blood splattering across the room , across she . and then ... silence . silence so complete it be deafen in it 's absence of any sound . cat just sit in she chair . and then the door burst open and four gunman storm into the room , they assault weapon train on the only live thing in the room . cat. Marco enter . marco you in the kitchen . you , the bedroom . you , the back . the gunman scatter . Marco have he inquisitive eye on cat , who do not drop she eye , impossible to read . one of the gunman stride over to cat , jam a gun to she head . cat do not move a muscle . do not blink . angle on marco examine the frame Fabio dig the chip out of . angle on the gunman with the gun to cat' head he chamber a round , be about to pull the trigger ... 9 . marco hey ! what be you do ? as the other gunman begin to tear the house apart , look for something , Marco stride over to cat . the frame in he hand . gunman Don Luis say kill everyone . marco he also say no name . gunman she will not remember . he be about to pull the trigger . marco hey ! the gunman stop . marco she 's a kid . gunman so what ? marco what do you mean so what ? you take a kid , teach they , they have value . the gunman take he gun , lift cat 's lip , look at she tooth . gunman I could not even get ten buck for she in the street . the gunman be about to pull the trigger again . marco be you stupid or what ? here . Marco hand he some cash . marco here 's twenty asshole . go do you job . scowl , the gunman join the other in rip the house apart , look for something . Marco calmly go to the fridge , take out two bottle of water , crack the cap , set one down on front of cat as he sit opposite she . her hand be in she lap . 10 . marco ( softly ) remember I cataleya ? cat shake she head no . marco I be at you confirmation . my name be Marco , and I be a very good friend of you father . I see he give you he medal . allude to the medal around she neck . marco the cataleya orchid . his symbol . you name . that 's good . this way you will always remember he . ( beat ) I know this be a terrible thing for you to have see . all the while he man be search , frisk the body of the dead , even tear the heel off they shoe . marco some thing be too complicated for a kid to understand . this be one of they . but I be go to try explain it and make it very simple for you . so you understand . now , you know who Don Luis be ? cat respond , shake she head yes . her hand slip imperceptibly under the table . close on her hand touches the handle of the knife tape there . marco of course you do . he be you father 's best friend since they be kid . he 's like a uncle to you . you know he have always be good to you family , do not you ? again cat shake she head . marco this house , the food you eat , the clothes you wear . even you school fee . all this come from Don Luis . you know that ? again cat shake she head . 11 . marco but when someone be good to you and you be not good to they back , then bad thing happen . thing like ... he allude to the riddled body of she dead parent . marco this . cat look from the body and back to Marco , no emotion in she eye . marco I know you be a smart girl . you do well in school . so I know this be not too complicated for you to understand . be I right ? cat nod . marco good . now , you father have something that belong to Don Luis . a little thing . no bigger than ... he hold up he thumbnail . marco this . maybe it be in this . he hold up the frame , show where the chip be dig out of the wood . marco do you know what I be talk about ? cat nod . close on cat' hand gripping the knife handle . marco excellent . do you know where it be ? cat nod . marco well , if you give it to I , Don Luis will be very grateful . and very generous . he will make sure that you be clothed , feed , and send to the very best school . you will have everything you want . ( more ) 12 . marco ( cont 'd ) but if you do not give it to he , he will be very unhappy . and you see what happen when he be not happy , yes ? cat nod yes . marco so why do not you just give that little thing which belong to he . will you do that ? cat hesitates for a moment , and then remove one hand from underneath the table , she fist close tight . Marco smile , kindly . he hold out he hand . marco you be a smart girl . Marco open he hand . marco and in this life , smart girl get everything they want . what do you want cat ? and just as she be about to open she hand ... close on her other hand under the table , grip the handle of the knife tape there . marco just tell I sweetheart ... what do you want ? in a flash , the knife be whipped out and bury into Marco 's unsuspecting , open palm . drive with such force , the knife pierce through the back of he hand , and stick into the table beneath ; pin he hand . Marco want to scream but there be so much pain , nothing escape he throat . cat ( in he ear ) to kill Don Luis ! marco aaarrrggghhhh !!!!! the man search look up , and before they can react , cat race past they . marco get she ! track with cat 13 . as she run through the room of the house , sprint to the bathroom where one foot hit the toilet , spring she onto the ledge of a very small window . as she look back she see the gunman in hot pursuit . and she jump , head first . barely squeezing she small frame through the tiny window . and she drop ... six foot down , onto a ledge , that be just beneath the window . she flatten against the wall , hold onto the medal of she father . on the bathroom one of the gunman come to the window , can not fit through , look out , do not see anybody across , then hear something beneath he , look down , see the tip of a shoe below . put he gun out the window , point it down , and .... bbbbrrrraaaakkkkkkk ! !!!! 1 ! let loose with a barrage from he weapon . on cat she watch as the bullet split the cement all around she foot . come inch from rip into they . and then the barrage stop . on the gunman his clip run out . and as he fumble to slam another one in ... on cat she hear the pause . look out over the sprawl of house that stretch up and down the steep hillside of the favela . she look down at she open palm at the small chip she father give she . pop the chip in she mouth , swallow , leap over the small divide between she house and the next roof , and take off run . on the gunman get the clip to fit , see cat head off across the roof out in the open , expose , vulnerable . he lift he gun to shoot , when the gun muzzle be slam up , pepper the ceiling with bullet . the gunman turn to Marco , hold he bloody rag wrap hand . marco we need she alive ! ext . favela - day cat leap from one rooftop to another , shinny down a drain pipe onto another roof . 14 . angle on the gunmen jumping down from the window of cat 's home , start to sprint across the roof in hot pursuit . on cat she drop down to another roof , this one fill with a vegetable patch , where a old man be gardening . ext . favela - day Marco exit cat 's house , wrapping he bloody hand tightly with a piece of he shirt . marco go! go! he order four more gunman who have just zoom up on motorcycle . the soupe up rice rocket take off in four different direction . on cat as she come off the last rooftop , down into a small alley . she sprint across to a small door . she kick at the door , which give way and enter ... a OPEN courtyard where a half dozen woman be do laundry by a open tap . they look up to the sight of this little girl in the blood splatter school uniform , do not say a word . and neither do cat . she just run through to a small gate on the far side of the courtyard , open it , and disappear . one of the woman casually hang one of she wet sheet over the gate , hide it . on the gunmen they crash through the vegetable garden . the old man deftly kick a rake lean against the wall . it fall in between the row of tomato vine . when the gunman sprint through , the first one trip over the rake , go crash through the vine , which cause the two man behind he to also trip and fall . the fourth man hurdle he fall cohort , bound over the roof . and the fifth man , look at the old man . know what he have do . shoot he dead before jump off the roof . on cat she race down a steep hill in the crowded favela street . on the gunmen 15 . they enter the laundry yard . the woman do not even look up . the gunman look around , just see laundry hang from the fence , do not see the hide door . Race back out . on cat she run down a steep alley , fill with people sit outside they home , chat , play domino . at the end of the alley , two motorcycle appear . the rider see cat , as she see they . they turn they bike into the alley ... vrrooom ! and bear down on cat . cat sprint back up the hill . she go to escape into one of the open door , but she find that one after another the door have close shut , the people fle inside . the bike eat up the hill . cat 's leg be no match for they . it seem she will be catch any second . she duck down a street where laundry be hang on a conceal metal pipe run the length of the alley . as cat duck through the sheet the gunman gun they bike right towards she tear through the sheet ... and the concealed metal pipe catch they across there throat . on cat she look back , to the dead gunman , disappear over the hill . and just as she doe ... Marco , in a open top jeep , with three of he gunman on board , come roll up the road . he see cat . marco there ! the jeep screech around . cat dash down a alley . on cat as she run up the alley with it 's open sewer run on either side . on marco the alley be too narrow for the jeep . the man spill out , spring up the alley . marco alive ! 16 . on cat she run up the alley , then duck down another one . she come to a ladder that lead up a fence , begin to climb . on the gunmen running up the alley , turn into the next one . where they see the ladder . one of the gunman pull out he cell phone . on marco in the jeep , scout as it roll along . on cat she be run for all she be worth , out of breath , scared . angle on more thug on bike , on foot , in car . they be everywhere . on cat she be lean against a wall on a rooftop , gulp air when she hear the roar of engine . look over the side of the building to see dozen of gunman flooding the area . on gunmen climb the ladder . on cat hear they come . on gunmen surround a building . throw grapple hook onto the roof ledge . on cat see the grapple hook claw onto the roof edge . on gunmen cresting the roof from the ladder . on gunmen rappelling up the side of the building on the grapple rope . on gunmen flooding onto the roof from both side . come to the spot where cat be only moment before . to find no cat. 17 . one of the gunman take out he cell . dial . on marco on the phone . marco North ! go North ! we be cut off the southern street ! Marco slam he phone shut . head for he car . on gunmen gunman North ! the gunman clear the roof . as the last one leave , he take one last suspicious sweep of the roof , can not figure where this wisp of a girl go to . his eye briefly focus on the chimney ... gunman let 's go . he clamber over the side of the roof . the camera stays focused on the chimney . int . chimney - day cat , hold she breath , listen keenly to the sound of the man depart , be wedge into the chimney , she hand and foot cling like a lizard to the wall on either side . ext . STREET - day cat come over the top of a hill , the soot of the chimney , mingle with the blood of she parent , stain she dress . the door and window all along the street be shutter tight . her eye search the curb as she make she way down the street . when she hear the sound of a vehicle . she look up to a jeep turn the corner . reverse on marco in the windshield of the jeep , stare at she . marco we get she ! Close the net ! on cat she see Marco . she pause for a moment , and then do something that stun even Marco . she start to run right towards the jeep ! on marco 18 . a bit stunne . marco what be she do ? on cat she keep sprinting toward the jeep . another jeep appear over the hill behind she . start to come at she . on marco as he jeep speed right for she . on cat as she run , she eye go to the right , and it become apparent she know exactly what she be do . she have a plan . and she execute it . suddenly , she leap for the curb and ... a sewer grate . on marco see cat dive to the curb . marco on cat as she wriggle she skinny little body down the grate , with barely enough room to squeeze in . but in she do squeeze . on marco in total disbelief , watch she disappear down the narrow slit in the curb . both jeep pull up . the man jump out . Marco flatten to the street , peer into the grate , see cat stare up at he . Marco take he gun out . jam it in the grate ... bambambambambam ! ! ! ! empty he clip into the dark . when he run out of ammo , he peer down again . cat be go . the gunman run to the next sewer grate fire into that one . Marco look down , no cat . marco get down there ! the gunman rip the grate out , jump down the hole . 19 . int . sewer - day the gunman , follow the beam of they flashlight , go tramping through the muck of the sewer , try to find cat . the only live thing they find be rat , scurrying across they foot . gunman ( on phone ) we lose she ! on marco marco fuck ! fuck ! he kick every car in the street in frustration . int . sewer - day the gunman wait in the sewer , wait . marco v.o. come back out . the gunman retreat back the way they come . they do not see someone watch they go . angle on a small crevice in the sewer wall . cat have squeeze herself into the crack , almost invisible . ext . STREET - sunset Cars and truck rumble along a busy thoroughfare . close on a sewer grate CUT into the side of the curb a hand emerge . and then , cat pull herself out , into the street . pull back to cat rising she stand at the edge of the busy thoroughfare , and look around . she be in the heart of the city . where tall office building , compete with graceful , classical mansion . in the distance , she see the hillside , cover with the twinkle light of the favelas , two mile , and a world away . ext . american embassy - night two Marines stand guard . look straight ahead . voice Excuse I ... 20 . the Marine look down to cat . bedraggle , cover in soot and blood and shit . holding out the card she father give she . close on the face of a middle aged american pull back to int . embassy office - night the american look at the card cat give to the Marine , hand it to another american . american 1 and you say you have something for we ? he turn to cat , who nod yes . american 1 May I see it ? cat take a beat . put she finger down she throat . and throw up all over the man 's desk . american 1 oh jeez ... cat reach into the goop on the desk and come up with the chip . she hand it over to the man behind the desk , who take a handkerchief out and take it from she , gingerly . he look at the chip , look at cat . american 1 ( repulsed ) thank you . close on a computer screen fact , figure , name , date , a wealth of information scroll down . pull back to the two AMERICANS looking at each other american 1 we have to record this . cat do not understand . the second american hit a button on a remote . angle on a hidden camera rolling back on american 1 where do you get this ? cat my papa . 21 . american 1 and where be you papa ? cat Dead . american 1 do he tell you what this be ? cat yes ... my passport . int . airplane - day cat watch out the window as the plane 's landing gear drop and the city of Miami spread out before she in all it 's shimmer and glisten glory . voice we be make we final approach to Miami International airport . please fasten you seat belt . she look down at the medal around she neck . a tear form in she eye . roll down she cheek . impossible to tell if it be a tear of joy or sadness . int . jetway - day cat , with a plastic envelope hold she travel document around she neck , accompany by a airline rep , walk down the jetway toward the entrance to the airport , where a man be stand . look directly at she . all the passenger be filing to the leave as they leave the jetway , but as cat and she escort approach the man ... man come with I . he walk to the right . int . private office - day cat stand in front of a rotund bureaucrat , with the man who escort she , hand over she passport . bureaucrat she 's the one ? man she be indeed . the bureaucrat look at she passport . as cat glimpsis through the slatted window look out over the custom floor , where all the other passenger be be process in long line . 22. bureaucrat you must have do something pretty important to get the royal treatment little lady . cat say nothing . he stamp she passport . bureaucrat welcome to America . cat look at he , not sure if this be good news or bad news . on the miami skyline int . car - day cat look out the window of the car at the skyline pass by , silent , fill with wonder . man you like music ? cat look at he , do not respond . he turn the radio on . a god awful c&w song come on . cat look at he for a moment , then reach over , turn the radio off . go back to look out the window . ext . boarding school - evening the car pass a gate with a sign : miss porter school for girl . voice it 's be we mission statement since we first open we door in nineteen twenty three ... int . headmistresses office - evening headmisstress to provide a safe , healthy nurture environment where young woman can get the education they will need to meet the challenge of that amazing adventure call life . how do that sound to you , my dear ? cat do not respond , she just stare out the window . man it 's be a long day for she . here 's the check for the year 's tuition . he hand over a check . 23. man and the five hundred dollar allowance for the first six month . he hand over a wad of bill . headmisstress which we keep right here ... she place the money in a envelope with cat 's name on it , and put the envelope into a drawer . headmisstress and give you twenty a week for incidentals . she hand a twenty to cat . who take it without say a word . headmisstress what do we say darling ? cat where do I sleep ? int . dormitory - evening Three dozen girl of all age go about they business . some do homework on they bed , other do they hair , dance , run around . and suddenly , at the sound of a door open , they all stop and look in the same direction at cat and the monitor monitor Girls , this be you new classmate . please welcome she and show she the rope . ( to cat ) wake up be at seven . sweet dream . she exit . all the girl stare at cat . no one make a move . in the silence , you can hear a pin drop , until ... the biggest girl in the dorm , a head taller than everyone , and twenty pound heavier , with bully write all over she face , saunter down the aisle right towards cat . her name be ... sherri I be Sherri . and you be ? cat very tired . the girl all around twitter . Sherri look back at they , no good rise on she smirk face . 24 . sherri well , ' very tired ' , I be sure you want to lay down and rest you little head ? I do . sherri there 's you bed ... she point halfway down the aisle to a empty bed . cat be about to walk towards it , when Sherri put a beefy hand in she chest . cat but it 's gonna cost you . ( beat ) twenty dollar . cat look at Sherri . look at the other girl all hang on every word , wait to see what jump off . cat consider , then reach into she jumper and extract the twenty dollar the headmisstress give she . hand it over to Sherri . sherri a week . peace have it 's price , y'know what I be say ? cat say nothing , just stare at Sherri . sherri be we clear on that ? cat twenty dollar a week . Sherri open she sweatshirt to reveal a fanny pack . she unzip it , put cat 's twenty in with a wad of other twenty . sherri we get a smart one ! the other girl hoot and whistle . Sherri remove she hand from cat 's chest . sherri you can go now . ( beat ) in peace . cat still say nothing . she walk up the aisle past all the other girl , who remain silent . it be only after cat have laid down on she bed , that the laugh and twitter resume . 25 . cat stare at the ceiling , she hand reach inside she jumper , take out the medal she father give she . she hold it close in she hand , just lay that way . fade to int . dormitory - night all the girl be asleep in they bed . silence reign , except for the small cry and sigh of girl asleep . close on cat her eye still open , she hand clutching she father 's medal . she get up . int . hall - night cat make she way down the hall . at the end of the Hall be a door mark exit . but she be not look at the exit she be look for something else . and she find it . a door mark : headmistress . cat try the door , it be lock . she take she father 's medal from around she neck , and use it to pop the lock . look leave and right to make sure the coast be clear , she enter . int . headmistresses office - night cat try the drawer where the headmistress lock she money away . she look around , take a letter opener off the desk , pop the drawer , extract the envelope with she name on it . int . hall - night again cat walk down the darken hall , look for another door . find it mark : infirmary . int . infirmary - night cat walk along the cabinet contain the pharmaceutical until she find what she be look for . she smashes the glass door , reach in , extract one bottle . close on sherri asleep pull back to int . dormitory - night cat , with four belt sling over she shoulder , the bottle from the infirmary in one in one hand , a cloth in the other , stand over the sleep Sherri . cat pour the content of the bottle out into the cloth . seal the bottle . put it down . then take the cloth and place it over Sherri 's sleep face , ever so gently . 26 . fade to black ext . horizon - sunrise the sun come up over the horizon , cast it 's first ray through the window of ... int . dormitory - morning the sun hit the face of the girl . as they wake , they find two very interesting thing . 1 . a twenty dollar bill on each bed . 2 . Sherri fast asleep , she hand and foot tie to the post of the bed with belt , she shirt pull up , she money belt go . and the word thief write in magic marker across she stomach . and the draw of the cataleya orchid . close on a kind face Hispanic woman , a ... ticket agent hola chica , where be we want to go today ? pull back to int . bus station - day cat , barely up to the window , hand the ticket agent the piece of paper she father give she . the woman look at the paper . ticket agent Chicago be not next door , you know . cat how much ? cat hold up the envelope from the headmistress office . montage day / night the landscape of America pass by through the window of a bus . clutch a new lara Croft comic , nibble on a big Mac and fries out of a bag , cat see ... the sugar cane harvest in the Florida wetland . two big fat black woman sit on the porch of a shack shelling peas in the deep South . the steel Mills of Pittsburgh fire up . the endless expanse of corn and wheat stretch from horizon to horizon across ohio. 27 . the giant milk barn of Indiana with they hundred of cow . and finally , see the great city of Chicago loom in the distance as the bus hurl down the highway towards it . ext . chicago bus terminal - night as seedy as any bus terminal . people bustling , people hustling . a veritable cauldron of humanity bubbling with the good , the bad , the ugly . the predator and the prey . cat exit into this stew of life , look around , check thing out . as she be check out in turn by some pretty sleazy type . cat ignore the eye follow she , walk up to a dwarf hawk newspaper . hand he she slip of paper . he point she in a direction . montage cat walk across the neighborhood of Chicago . see the sign in Polish change into sign in italian , in Spanish , chinese , ethiopian . she hand she paper to a ethiopian cabbie . he point she onward . she walk past bar where black gangbanger watch she pass . she hand one she paper , he point she on . she walk past massive church , synagogue , mosque . she walk past the stately house of the gold Coast , along the desert stretch of the glam shop on Michigan Avenue , over the bridge . until she come to ... ext . rough neighborhood - night the denizen of this world look every bit as dangerous as they be . gangbanger , con artist , trouble wait to happen at every turn . angle on cat cat , walk down the block as the eye of everyone she pass follow she . she stop on a street corner . seem lose . opposite she a group of man , hang outside a bar see she . the leader of the group call she over . man hey kid . you know what time it be ? cat shake she head . 28 . man it 's late , and this be not the kind of place a kid should be hang out . what be you do here ? cat hand he she paper . he look at she , suspicious . man who be you ? cataleya . the man take a moment ... man wait here . he disappear up a small alley into the darkness beyond . cat , not know what to do , sit down on the curb , watch street life . she see ... hooker solicit man in pass car . cop sit in a patrol car , bored , blase . Men play crap against a wall . some very discreet dope deal , more sleight of hand than anything else . close on a fist colliding with a face a very bloody face . once , twice , three time . pull back to int . room - night emilio restrepo , 35 , a hard case , fuck with I at you own risk write all over he face , be about to deliver another crush blow to a poor soul strapped to a chair when ... man emilio . the beat stop , emilio turn . man there 's a girl look for you . emilio I be not interested in a girl right now . he turn back to the task at hand . cock he fist . 29 . man it 's not that sort of thing . she 's eight . again , emilio stop . the man hand she cat 's paper . man say she name 's cataleya . this focus emilio 's attention . ext . STREET - night cat be sit watch the street , when a pair of leg appear in front of she . cat look up to the man who disappear . man come with I . he turn abruptly , head back up the alley . ext . alley - night cat follow the man through a darken alley . at interval , on either side , dangerous look man , armed to the tooth , stand in the shadow . the man open a door , beckon cat to enter . int . warehouse - night cat follow the man as he move down a long hallway . cat look into the room on either side of the hall as she walk along . in one room , open out to a truck bay , tv set be be unload into a big warehouse full of steal merchandise . in another room , gun be be service . lot of gun , hand gun , assault rifle . Big artillery . man hey ! cat 's attention be draw away from the room with the gun , to the man hold a door open for she at the very end of the hall . int . office - night cat enter a office with three woman work on computer . look like any other business office . at the sight of cat , the woman get up and exit , close the door behind they . cat be leave alone . she look around the office , when the sound of a door open behind she . she turn to emilio . who approach she cautiously , scrutinize she . 30 . emilio cataleya ? now it be cat who hesitates . cat uncle emilio ? emilio cover he mouth , seem rock . emilio madonna ! I think you be dead ! he cross himself . emilio I think you be all ... cat stand stock still . emilio take she up in he arm lift she , crush she to he chest . cat remain suspend , emotionless for a moment . and then , for the first time emotion , real emotion , wash across she face . her lower lip begin to tremble . tear well up in she eye . she burst into tear . emilio you be safe now . all the emotion , the fear , the anger that she have keep lock away deep inside , rush to the surface in one massive wave . emilio you be safe . ext . chicago - morning the sun peek over the horizon , spread the fog infuse light come off Lake Michigan across the sleep city as it ascend in the sky . close on one beam of sunlight slip through the narrow crack between a window and the shade cover it . close on the ray of sunlight wash across cat 's sleep face . she wake slowly . her eye open after a long sleep . for a moment she do not remember where she be . pull back to int . bedroom - morning cat look around the clean , orderly bedroom as she gather she thought . her eye move around the room . it be a boy 's room . 31 . with model of soldier , futuristic warrior , a big poster of Al pacino as tony Montana in scarface . a poster with every imaginable type of assault rifle . int . kitchen - morning emilio sit read the financial section of the morning paper over what seem to be the remain of a very hearty breakfast . a elderly woman , grandmotherly , fill he coffee cup . emilio gracias mama . a noise turn both of they to the doorway and cat . emilio good morning . mama Buenos diaz Cara . come . sit. I will make you some egg . mama caress she face , she eye glisten with a grandmother 's love . kiss she on the forehead , lovingly whisper into she ear . mama you have you mother 's beautiful eye . do not be scared . this be you home . slowly , hesitantly , cat make she way across the kitchen to the table , where she sit opposite emilio , tentative . emilio when be the last time you sleep ? cat I do not know . a long time ago . emilio well good . a grow body need sleep . when I be you age I would sleep half the day . I do not know if it help with the grow , but I be well rest for whatever come after . cat whose room be that ? emilio my son . you cousin . cat where be he ? 32 . emilio he 's dead . his voice hold anger , not sadness . cat kill ? emilio yes . cat by who ? emilio no one who be still alive . mama come over , put a plate of egg in front of she . as she begin to wolf down the food . he hold up the page of she draw , the one she Father put he address on . emilio you be very talented . be this what you want to be ? a artist ? cat I use to want to be like lara . a super agent . shovel more food into she mouth . emilio not anymore ? chew , cat shake she head . emilio and now ? cat ( matter of fact ) I want to be a killer . she keep shoveling food in she mouth . emilio look up at he mother , who cross herself . cat finish the last mouthful , look up . cat can you help ? emilio blink once . emilio sure . ext . STREET - day emilio walk cat down the street . he be carry a kid book bag . 33 . emilio the good news be you father buy you you life with what he give you . the bad news be Don Luis be play both side , and have disappear . you tore down everything he spend year building up with that little chip . it be something he will not forget . there be a law in this thing of ours . if someone do you , the revenge go all the way down the line . woman , child , grandmother , dog , cat . no exception . cat be you try to scare I ? emilio I be try to educate you . close on money be counted pull back to int . principal be office - day the principal watch emilio count the money out . principal normally we do not accept student in the middle of the academic year , but under the circumstance , lose she parent in that tragic car accident ... cat look out the window , say nothing . principal here . he hand a list over to cat . who keep look out the window . principal this be the school supplies you will need . emilio take they . emilio she 's still in a bit of shock . principal of course . see you Monday cataleya . such a pretty name . she keep look out the window . 34 . ext . school - day as emilio walk along , with cataleya , read the list of supplies . emilio we will get all this stuff , then go over to this little place I know down on maxwell street for some of this hot dog the Polish people make here . he turn leave at the cross street ... emilio you like hot dog ? he look down , see no cat . look back to see cat walk in the opposite direction . emilio hey ! cat keep go . emilio hey ! he hurry , catch up with she . emilio where you go ? cat I have already be to school . I tell you what I want to be . you do not want to help I , fine . I will do it myself . she walk off . emilio grab she . emilio chica . any idiot can be a killer . look ! emilio draw a .357 magnum pistol from he shoulder holster and empty the entire clip into the front of a car come down the street . the car careen off the road , smashes a fire hydrant , crash through a plate glass window of a shop across the street . the water from the hydrant shoot twenty foot in the air . emilio holster he gun . emilio you want I to teach you to be a killer ? no problema . I will teach you . but you will be dead in five year . ( more ) 35 . emilio ( cont 'd ) if you want to be a killer , and survive , you have to be a smart one . you have to know thing besides how to pull a trigger . you have to know how the world work . how people think . you get to learn to be psychological . that I can not teach you , unless you learn the basic at school . get it ? cat glare at he . emilio now what 's it go to be ? he hold out the gun in one hand , and the schoolbag in the other . cat hesitates for a moment . take the schoolbag from emilio . then take he hand , and they walk off together as police siren announce the arrival of cruiser , and people pour out of the school and the surround store . as they put distance between the chaos and themselves . but I still want to be a killer . emilio ( sighing ) cabron ! fade to black 12 year later ext . fresno - night a sleepy California town on the way to nowhere . pan down to ext . side STREET - night a police cruiser sit on a quiet street , right off a wider avenue . Main street . there be no traffic either way . the nose of the cop car jut out just off the street . int . police cruiser - night two cop be sit , peel back the wrapper on they burger . cop 1 so then I suggest , y'know , we buy some thing to spice it up a bit . cop 2 define thing . 36 . as they nibble and talk , they pay scant attention to a set of headlight come up the broad avenue . cop 1 a garter belt , some of that stocking that come up the thigh ... it 's fourteen year . know what I mean ? the light come closer ... cop 2 yeah . no matter how much you like steak , sometime a lamb chop be not a bad thing . the light shine right into the car . cop 1 exactly . only then , when the light be directly on they , do the cop turn to see a car head right toward they front end . cop 1 what the ... crash ! !!! the front end of the cop car get shear right off by the impact . Glass shatter , metal crunch , airbag explode ! angle on the other car . the driver door open . a vodka bottle fall out , clink to the sidewalk . and a moment later , two leg emerge from the car . two very long , very shapely leg . leg that never end . in very high heel , and a very short mini skirt . and the face on top of it , frame by a mane of wild hair , be drop dead think - you-have - die - and - go - to-heaven gorgeous . the whole package read supermodel . and by the way she be weaving when she stand , and the bottle at she foot , the read be ; very drunk supermodel . who look at the crumpled police cruiser , look into the windshield of the cruiser at the stunne cop , and say in the most sweetly drunk voice ... supermodel oops ... the cop can not believe this . they regain they wit and bolt out of the car . cop 1 that 's all you have to say ? oops ? and , ever so sensually , she start to laugh . the cop look at each other , perplex . and she keep laugh . 37 . the cop get piss . cop 1 funny ? ... and she keep laugh . cop 1 wanna laugh you crazy bitch ? I will give you something to laugh about ! and even when they slam she to the hood of the car , jam she hand behind she back , and slap the cuff on , she keep laugh , and laugh . close on her chest where a very familiar medallion on a chain hang between her exposed cleavage . a medallion engraved with the cataleya orchid . it be cat , all grown up . int . police station - night a quiet night in the small station . cat stand in front of the book desk , so drunk the two cop have to hold she up . a surveillance camera over the desk innocuously record everything . cat keep she head down , she face , obscure by she mane of hair . as the sergeant go through she purse , find ... sergeant no license , no registration . no id except a library card . well ms ... he read off the library card . sergeant valarie Phillips in addition to all that ... you be be charge here with DUI , destruction of police property , drive the wrong way on a two way street ... cat be that it ? sergeant unless you can think of anything else you should be charge with . cat ( tipsy ) wearing no panty ? 38 . the sergeant and the arrest cop hold she up give she a long look , as do any of the other cop in ear shot , whose eye go to she very short skirt . sergeant that 's not a crime . cat thank goodness . and she teeter over , pass out cold right on the sergeant 's desk . sergeant take she in the back , lock she up , put a cup of coffee in with she . let she sleep it off , we will book she tomorrow . the two cop who book she drag she out . as they do , the sergeant and the two other cop on duty lean over to try and get a look up she very long leg and she very short skirt . ext . police station - night Three black suv 's , with black out window , come roll up to the station . the door open and a dozen U.S. marshal jump out . vigilant , form a cordon around one of the vehicle , out of which come a hand cuffed , kevlar wear hard as nail mafia type . gennaro rizzo . the marshal 's surround he , gun bristle , on the look out for any danger , and hustle he towards the door of the police station . int . police station - night the station door slam open . marshal 's barge in . the head marshal approach the surprised sergeant on the desk , flash he credential . marshal US marshal Warren . we have gennaro rizzo here on a overnight . sergeant who ? marshal rizzo . the mafia guy ? on the way to testify up in San Francisco tomorrow ? they do not notify you ? sergeant hold on a second . he rifle through some papers . find one . 39 . sergeant here we go . say here you be not expect until tomorrow . marshal never expect the expect sergeant . ( to he man ) secure this place . int . cell block - night the marshal come down the cell block , check everything out . they pass cat in she cell , pass out cold , she long leg and short skirt slow they progress a bit . after a long look , they move on . int . secure cell - night rizzo be push into a cell . the door be slam and lock . marshal one man here . two more outside the front door . everyone else on the perimeter , in team of two . he hand out thermos bottle . marshal it 's a caffeine kinda night fella . eye open . int . cell block - night a lone cop pass cat 's cell , do the nightly round . as soon as he be go ... on cat cat 's eye snap open . she sit up , move with the efficiency and determination of someone who have not have a drop of alcohol . she take a spoon from the coffee cup leave for she , reach into she mane of hair and extract a small pin . she insert the pin into the keyhole of the door , jiggle it . the door pop open . cat exit the cell , take a broom lean in the corner and keep she eye on the camera above the door , she slide along the wall , until she be just under the camera . she use the broom handle to tilt the camera up just a bit . int . security monitoring room - night one lone cop sit in front of the various monitor . he do not notice that one tilt slightly up , point toward a blank wall . 40 . int . cell block - night cat , under the camera , unlock the second door , slip out . int . hall - night cat come into the hall where several vend machine lean against the wall . on the far side be a door mark : electrical . she be about to head for it , when she hear a door open at the far end of the hall . angle on the door at the far end of the hall . a cop come in , look down the hall . where cat be stand he see only the vend machine . he head right for the machine . put coin in the machine , wait for he food . angle on the side of the machine where cat be press hard against the flat surface , inch from the cop . the sandwich fall , the cop retrieve it , move off , exit down the hall . cat wait until she hear the door shut on the far end of the wall . she cross quickly to the door across the way , enter . close on a utility BOX pulled OPEN revealing the electrical control panel for the station . pull back to int . electrical room - night cat stand on a narrow shelf , undoe the last screw on a vent in the ceiling with a screwdriver from the tool board on one wall . cat drop down , open the electrical control panel on the wall , study it for a moment , find the switch she be look for , then turn to the wall of tool , pluck some wire , a cutter , a spring . cat set to work on a jury rig mechanism with the item at hand . when she be finish , she tug at the waist band of she mini skirt , and little by little she stretch a thin dun color leotard suit over she whole body . she take a small plastic vial , fill it with some water from the tap , and set it , just so , above the device she have construct . the device be hook to the switch she select , a small weight hang from the bottom of it by a wire . she set the water container just so over the spoon from she cell . the water begin to drip a drop at a time . she close the panel door , set she digital watch . hoist herself up to the vent in the ceiling , and be go . 41 . close on the jury rigged device Water drip into the spoon a drop at a time . int . AIR duct - night once inside the grate , cat take one of the button off she blouse and press the top of it . the button become a pin light , which she clasp between she tooth , start to crawl on she stomach , pull herself along by she elbow and she wriggle hip and knee , the light still between she tooth . track with cat as she move through the maze of duct . on the way , she peer through the grate in each ceiling , down into one cell after another , catch various view of inmate asleep as she pass over they . until she come to a ventilation fan block the way . the fan blade go round and round . cat look at she watch , look at the fan . close on the electrical panel and cat 's jury rig device . the water have almost fill the spoon , one more drop , one more drop . close on cat looking at her watch the digital counter go from 4 to 3 to 2 tol ... close on the last drop of water drip into the spoon , the spoon tip , tug on the wire , the wire trip the switch it be connect to , the whole device come apart , the separate piece fall to the floor . int . AIR duct - night the fan stop . the blade slow . int . police station - night the sergeant at the desk hear the ventilation system go off . sergeant hey doyle ! he call to one of the other cop on duty . sergeant go take a look at the breaker on the ventilation system , will ya ? doyle move off . 42 . int . AIR duct - night cat watch the blade of the vent fan slow . when they have completely stop she start to move herself through the very narrow space between the now still blade , foot first . int . electrical room - night doyle enter the room , open the electrical panel . the spoon , the weight , the spring , and the wire , fall to the floor . doyle look at they curiously for a moment . int . AIR duct - night cat be half way through the fan blade . int . electrical room - night doyle look at the switch , go down the print list on the door , try to locate the right one . int . AIR duct - night cat be almost through . int . electrical room - night doyle find the switch that correspond to the ventilation system . int . AIR duct - night cat 's neck pass through the fan blade . slow go . int . electrical room - night doyle hit the switch for the ventilation system . int . AIR duct - night cat be just through , when the blade start move , brush against she forehead , as she make it to the other side with no time , and no room to spare . int . AIR duct - night cat come to a vent , look down , begin to loosen the vent screw . int . bathroom - night cat drop down into a bathroom . look at she watch . sit down , wait . int . protective custody - night rizzo be asleep in he cell . the marshal on duty finish he coffee . look at rizzo. 43 . then walk over to the door at the end of the wall . he hit a buzzer on the wall . int . security monitoring room - night the cop man the bank of monitor , wake up , see the marshal in the monitor . marshal ( over intercom ) gotta pee . the monitor hit a button . int . protective custody - night the door buzze open . the marshal pass through . int . hall - night the marshal push the bathroom door open . enter . int . bathroom - night the marshal finish pee , zip himself up . turn . right into a devastating reverse wheel kick . int . security monitoring room - night the cop on duty hear a buzz , look up to the bank of monitor , and see the marshal stand at the door . think nothing of it , he hit the buzzer . int . hall - night cat , prop the unconscious marshal up , hide behind he . as the door buzze , she maneuver the body around , push through . on the other side , she drop the body , and take he gun . int . security monitoring room - night on the monitor it look like the marshal be pass through . int . protective custody - night rizzo be half asleep , when the barrel of a gun tap he on the head . he open he eye slowly to ... cat unbutton you shirt . rizzo what ...? cat now. 44 . rizzo look over to where the marshal be pass out cold on the floor . he do as he be tell . rizzo who the hell be you ? cat not room service . she pump four bullet into he head . int . police station - night bambambambam ! ! ! the four shot reverberate throughout the station . ext . police station perimeter - night bambambambam ! ! ! ! two patrol of two marshal 's each hear the shot . int . security monitoring room - night bambambambam ! ! ! the monitor wake up . int . police station - night cop and marshal 's , gun draw , come run . int . protective custody - night the knock out marshal come to . find a gun in he hand . do not get it , until he look over to see rizzo , with he face blow off . int . protective custody - night the door fly open and the marshal 's and cop come pour through , to find the marshal with the gun in he hand and the dead rizzo . cop Drop it !! the marshal be freeze , totally confuse . marshal Drop it , Joe !!!!! more gun . more confusion . tension beyond the moon . marshal I do not do it ! 45 . cop Drop it !!!! the marshal drop he gun . cop on the floor ! marshal call a bus ! from the Pov of someone else . int . AIR duct - night through the vent over the cell . see the wobbly confuse marshal with the gun in he hand , hear foot come cat look fast . ext . roof cat come she look station cat take of police station - night climb out of a ventilation duct onto the roof . out over the side of the building . marshal 's outside be run into the building . off run . int . protective custody - night the cop be cuffing the marshal . marshal guy ! I do not do it !!! marshal 1 ambulance on the way ! another marshal be check rizzo . marshal he 's go . sergeant search the place ! ext . roof of police station - night cat be run as fast as she can . int . police station - night cop and marshal be run through every room , check everywhere . ext . roof of police station - night cat reach another air vent , so about to pry it off when she hear ... 46 . int . doorway - night cop run up the stair , head for a door above they . ext . roof of police station - night cat hear the door begin to open . she bang she high heel together . and two blade come out of the front . she see the door knob turn . she run for the roof 's edge . and vault over the side ! int . doorway - night the cop burst through the door to ... ext . roof of police station - night the cop pour onto the roof , look around , gun draw . angle on cat on the side of the build cling to the wall like a gekko . the dun color wall blend with she dun color suit . how be she do this ? close on cat' shoe the blade fitte into the seam between the brick . her fingertip cling to the small lip on the bottom of the roof 's edge . above her the cop look around the roof . on cat she hold there listen to the noise above . hear noise below , look down to see ... ext . police station - night cop search the alley below . on cat hanging to the edge of the building . listen , watch . ext . roof of police station - night the cop , find nothing , head back out the door . a moment later ... close on the roof ledge cat 's hand reach up . on cat 47 . when one hand have a firm grasp on the roof ledge , she let go with the other hand and grasp the ledge , extract the blade from the brick seam , and swing herself up on the roof . as she shoe dislodge , some mortar come loose and fall below . on the cop below the crumble mortar fall on the head of one cop , he look down , see the crumbly gravel , look up , see nothing . ext . roof of police station - night cat land on the roof , lay still . on the cop below he examine the gravel , look up again . and then move on . ext . roof of police station - continuous cat pries the vent cover off , slip in . int . police station - night cop be check every cell in the man 's block . int . AIR duct - night cat be crawl along as fast as she can . int . police station - night the cop come to the entrance of the woman 's cell block . int . AIR duct - night cat come to the vent in the hallway . int . cell block - night the cop open the door to the woman 's cell block . int . cell - night cat run . begins to pull at she leotard . int . cell block - night the cop look at the woman 's cell , head right toward cat 's . as they reach cat 's , the same cop who do the round at the beginning of the night look into she cell . cat be lay on she side , away from they , dead asleep , in the same position she be when the cop first check on she . the cop pause for a moment , then move on . close on cat 48 . her eye be wide open . she listen for the outer door close , and then she breathes out , relieved . ext . CITY morgue - night a ambulance pull up , along with the marshal contingent in they suv 's . the marshal 's spill out of the suv 's as a gurney with a corpse be wheeled into the morgue . int . morgue - night as the marshal 's stand around , the Police coroner begin to unbutton the shirt of rizzo the corpse . coroner what the fuck ? he Pov on rizzo 's chest the word traitor be write in thick black letter . and above they , a draw of the cataleya orchid . the marshal 's know what this be . marshal Holy shit ! call Ross . ext . SMALL airport - morning the door of a small jet open and marcus ross , 48 , a keen eye , no nonsense all business FBI agent , follow by a team of similarly focus man and woman , exit down the stair to ... marshal agent Ross ? ross where be he ? marshal at the hospital . ross let 's go . ext . police station - morning Reporters be gather , try to gain access . the police be keep they out . int . police station - morning over the clamor of reporter outside , cat be just finish with she finger printing , wipe off as much of the ink as she can . the sergeant hand over she library card . cat I should not drink . 49 . sergeant no you should not . cat I be so so sorry . sergeant tell it to the judge at you hearing in ten day . cat what 's go on out there ? allude to all the commotion she see through the window look out into the main room . sergeant nothing . fill out the form and you can go . really ? sergeant really . we need to get thing organize . but do not worry , the judge will send you back , for sure . cat I probably deserve it . he hand she a sheaf of papers and a pen . as the pen hit the paper . close on rizio' painted stomach pull back to int . morgue - morning Ross , with he team stand off he shoulder , look down at the stomach . ross same handwrite . same flower . it 's he . let 's see the location . int . police station - morning cat hand the paper work over to the sergeant . sergeant you be lucky no one be hurt . cat I would have never forgiven myself . keeping she back to the security camera overhead , cat collect she thing and exit . as the door close ... 50 . a door to a suv open ... ext . police station - morning Ross exit the suv to the crowd of reporter . reporter be it rizzo ? be it a assassination ? be there any clue ? be it true a marshal do it ? ross no comment . Ross see cop come and go from the station . he turn to the marshal with he . ross you do not lock it down ? marshal it be after the fact . I do not think ... Ross can not believe what he be hearing . ross do it . now . no one in or out . angle on cat exiting the station . Ross and he team sweep past she . marshal ok ! that 's it . no one in or out ! lock down ! cat just keep walk , right past Ross , who head into the station as the cop try to keep the reporter at bay . angle on cat walk away from the pandemonium she be leave behind . as it recede over she shoulder , she pick at she finger where the fingerprint ink have stain they . her print come off ! she drop the fake print down a sewer and keep walk . int . protective custody - morning Ross scrutinize rizzo 's cell as he team take print , photo , sweep the cell for evidence . ross I want to see paper on everyone in and out of the station in the last twenty four hour . he look up to the end of the hall . 51 . ross and I want the tape from the security camera . close on locker open pull back to int . bus station - day cat extract a knapsack from the locker , head for the woman 's bathroom . int . bathroom stall - day cat tug at she hair . the wild mane come off to reveal she straight hair , which she pull back in a pony tail . she begin to strip out of she mini skirt . int . bus station - day cat dress in jeans , a scuff leather jacket , a baseball cap , with the brim pull low over she eye , with she pony tail stick out of the back , the knap sack on she shoulder , wait on line to board the bus . she keep she back to the security camera , have she phone to she ear . a number be ringing . int . emilio' house - day emilio , fifteen year older , be watch a soccer game , pick up the phone . in the kitchen , mama be cooking . emilio be we good ? intercut between the two cat move up the line to board the bus . cat we be good . emilio when be you back ? cat Day after . emilio I have something . cat the morning after ok ? emilio can not wait to see you Cara . 52 . cat say hello to mama . he look over to mama at the stove , who wave over she shoulder . emilio mama say hello back . he hang up , go back to he game . int . bus station - day cat board the bus . the door close behind she . as the camera zoom up , and the bus pull out onto the road ... ross v.o. see ? int . police station - day Ross be point up at the camera cat tilt . ross he tilt the camera just enough so the angle would catch the guard , not who be hold he . he turn to he team . ross twenty two murder in four year all with the same m.o . the word , the flower . he 's send a message , for sure . and I be beginning to think it 's not to we . agent 1 but we be the only one with the information . ross and we be not get anywhere with it , be we ? no one on the team can dispute this . it occur to Ross ... ross if the message be not for we , let 's make sure the one it 's intend for get it . I want you to put it out to the press . splash it across every newspaper , every magazine . National . I want eyeball on it coast to coast . monitor it . let 's see if anything come back . 53 . ext . upscale residential new orlean neighborhood - day a lincoln town car come down the leafy , quiet street of well keep home . stop at a gate guard by two man , who wave he through . ext . don luis' mansion - day the car end up in front of a very impressive house , which sit at the end of a long driveway . toward the era of the wall property , a garage , and a guest house . mr. richard , in a suit and tie , look like a proper mid level government official , or a lawyer , exit , newspaper in hand . as he approach the front door , Richard look over to see two more guard , off to the side . he nod to they , know they . they nod back . Richard approach the front door , knock . while he be wait , he look down at the paper . the door open . marco Mr. Richard ... Richard look up to a fifteen year older Marco . marco be a long time . richard yes it have Marco . how 's the hand ? Marco hold up he scar hand . marco only hurt when it 's humid . richard should have let we relocate you to Arizona instead of New Orleans . marco the boss like it humid . richard there it be then . marco he 's wait for you . Richard enter . the door close . int . salon - day Don Luis stare out a bay window , drink in hand . richard hello Luis . 54 . Don Luis turn . don luis hello Mr. Richard . richard I bring you the morning paper . he hold the paper up . close on a picture of dead rizzo on the front page . don luis I have see it . richard and ...? don luis coincidence . richard coincidence ? twenty two time ? a flower that only grow in one place on earth ? that use to be the call card of ... what be he name ? you former partner ? the one who do you wet work ? don luis Fabio . Fabio Maria restrepo . but I do not understand ? why come here with this ? richard because when we find the end of a string we like to know where it begin . don luis string ? now we be talk about string ? I be not a tailor . richard Don Luis . let 's cut to the chase here , ok ? when the Agency extract you ass from colombia fifteen year ago , and set you up here , we let you resume you business when what we should have do be lock you up for life . in exchange , you be suppose to keep the information flow . don luis and I have . 55 . richard not much , and not for a very long time . don luis and this be what you travel all the way down here to tell I ? richard no . what I travel all the way down here to tell you , be there 's a limit to we patience . the CIA be not a amusement park . there be no free ride . everyone pay they way . and you , my friend , have not . don luis ok ok . what would you want ? he slap the newspaper down with the picture of rizzo . don luis I have nothing to do with this . I swear . richard then find out who do . as he go to leave . richard and Don Luis , do not play the innocent with we . it will not sit well with my boss if we find out you have anything to do with this . have a good day . Richard exit . ext . don luis' mansion - day Richard walk to he car , observe by ... int . don luis' mansion - day don luis she 's talk to we . marco it could be anyone . Don Luis reach out , fast as a cobra , grab Marco by the lapel , pull he close . don luis idiot ! I tell you . everyone dead . down to the dog . ( more ) 56 . don luis ( cont 'd ) you screw up the first time . now go fix it . find she . ( beat ) before she find we . close on a bus door open cat step off the bus . look around to ... ext . chicago bus station - day the total full on crush of people that a major metropolitan bus terminal hold . she see a surveillance camera tuck in a corner . she pull the brim of she hat low over she eye , take off into the crowd . ext . chicago STREET - day cat come to a non descript high rise . she enter . int . cat' apartment - day cat enter a completely bare bone dwelling , there be nothing that identify the person who life here . White bare wall , a table with one chair , a single bed . along one wall , a cabinet . on the window sill a single cataleya orchid . cat water the orchid . cat open the cabinet to three computer screen . two of they be divide into quarter and show various view of the building entrance , the lobby , the stairway , the elevator , the hallway . the third screen be dark , until cat hit a button and music fill the apartment . Music with a heavy sensual back beat . french Rap . ooh la la . and the screen pulse and glow in time to the beat . cat 's body respond to the music , move sexy , she shoulder roll , she hip sway . in cut cat sashays across the open space , a stripper strutting she stuff ; shed , first she blouse , then she jeans , she lingerie , until , by the time she reach a free stand opaque cylinder of a shower with a opaque shower curtain , she be completely nude . she enter the shower . turn on the water . like a snake shed a skin , she let the water divest she of everything that come before . ross v.o. since each and every one of the victim be a professional bad apple ... close on a picture of rizzo be pinned to a wall 57 . ross v.o . we have narrow motive down to payback or preemptive . pull back to int . FBI office - day Ross have just pin up rizzo 's picture on a wall fill with twenty two other decease , all with word and a cataleya orchid imprint on they stomach 's . he turn to face he team . ross rizzo here ... he point to rizzo on the wall . ross the most recent , be do to keep he from talk . alexa milshinova ... point to a gorgeous dead woman with the word grifter on she stomach . ross ... make a career of get intimate with big stake gambler out of Vegas and then take they off and send they to meet they maker . d'angelo James ... point to a huge black man with usurper write in white letter across he chest . ross ... try to take over the heroin trade in Houston from .. he point to two mexican , identical twin , one with pay write on he chest , the other with the word back ... ross the Gemini cartel . they crime be self explanatory , if you can read . now I know some of you be think whoever be do this make less work for mother . and since there 's no collateral damage , why be we waste valuable manpower and resource on the case ? and since until now , there have never be a clue to go on , why go on ? but with this last kill ... he hold up a stack of folder from he desk . 58 . ross we have one . as we go to the video tape . he hit a button and the video replay of cat walk the unconscious guard through the door . ross we can not see the assassin , but we can see ... he freeze the tape . point to the time mark on the tape . ross the time . 2 am . which mean we perp be in the station at ... I do not have to spell it out for you . he begin to hand the folder out . ross this be the name , phone number and address of everyone with a pulse who enter that police station before two am . cop , criminal , clerk , janitor . everyone . one of they be we target . I want each of you to locate the ten people in the folder you have be give . I want a complete dossier on every one of they for the last ten year of they life . run down every lead . check out every story . we killer be out there . and we be go to find he . before he kill again . the CITY of chicago . as a elevator train rumble by below ... ext . STREET - night a elevator train rumble by above . pan down to a car parking . and danny delaney , preoccupy , a pleasant , easy go , good looker at 28 , close the door , and walk to the entrance of he low sling apartment building . he enter . int . danny's hallway - night Danny put he key in the door , find that it be unlock . he pause , then enter . 59 . int . danny's apartment - night Danny enter he darken apartment . go to turn on the switch ... voice do not move . Danny 's hand freeze . he stand very still . voice take off you shirt . danny do I have to ? voice now . Danny comply . voice turn around . he do . to darkness . and then , a match be strike , a candle be light . stand before he , in garter , thigh high , a very sexy bra , and fuck I pump be ... cat hello Danny . danny hello Jennifer . cat close to a inch of he . danny you should have call . cat why ? danny I could have be out . I have a key . danny I could have be late . she begin to kiss he , lightly around the mouth . cat I have get nowhere to go . danny it 's just ... 60 . just what ? she keep kissing he , lightly on the neck ... danny you show up whenever you want to ... cat and then we have the most incredible sex . ( beat ) ever . danny I know . I be just say ... he fumble for the word . danny would not you like to go to dinner sometime ? she keep nibble . cat uh-uh . this taste good enough . danny or a movie ? lick he . cat no . they put I to sleep . danny so let 's pop in a dvd and you can spend the night here ? she stop . look he in the eye . cat would you like the key back ? danny no . I just want to get ... I do not know ... cat closer ? she resume nibble on he neck . danny yes. closer . she run she nail down he chest , slowly , teasing . her hand find he groin . what she find make she smile . 61 . cat be this close enough ? danny ( smile ) ... yes . she gently lower he hand to he side , hold they there . kiss he deeply . pushes he down onto the floor . and lower herself on top of he . a small moan escape he lip as she take he inside she . fade to int . danny's apartment - dawn Danny wake . his face hold the smile of the memory of the night before . he turn he head , lazily . the pillow beside he be empty . danny Jen ...? cat be go . Danny 's smile fade . ext . elevator train - morning emilio walk down the stair , carry a shopping bag . track with he along the STREET . until he come to a laundromat . int . laundromat - morning emilio load laundry from the shopping bag into a machine , put in the coin , then sit down on a bench to watch the cycle . seem to talk to himself . emilio safe ? and then we see he be talk to ... cat on my end . you ? emilio safe . cat what do we have ? emilio take a manila envelope out of the bag . place it on the seat next to he . cat pick it up , look through it . 62. emilio you remember the guy who be in the news for run that ponzi scheme about a year ago ? close on a magazine pulled from the envelope the cover feature william woogard , 45 , the most unassume , baldhead , pudgy face man , a nerd . under the headline : predator . emilio he disappear fifty billion dollar . the money be never recover . skipped out and buy himself citizenship on some shit hole of a Caribbean island that call itself a country with no extradition law . lot of very piss off people lose everything . cat go to get up . emilio there 's something else . he slap the newspaper down with rizzo 's picture on the front page . emilio how long have this be go on ? cat ( bluffing ) not long . emilio the paper say twenty two . all like this . tell I why . cat no reason . emilio since you be a kid , you do not do anything for no reason . do not play dumb , it insult I . cat I have get to get ready . as she go to rise , emilio grab she hand . emilio it 's not just you in this . it 's I , mama . 63 . cat tio . you be remove . you book the work , you collect the fee ... emilio I watch you ass . each and every job , I vet , I double vet . for every one I book you , I turn down five , ten . I promise to keep you safe . I keep you safe . cataleya . it 's a full time job , no matter what you think . that picture ... they freak I out . ok ? I do not realize ... cat I come to you at nine . I say I want to be a killer . what kind of kid make a career choice like that unless they have something on they mind . ( beat ) I live for the day that the blood of the son of bitch who do my parent drip in the gutter . stop play the innocent with I . you know this . forever . emilio sure . of course . but the way you be play it . they even have a name for you . the tag killer . I would have stop it a long time ago . have I know about this . cat why ? emilio because I love you . cat smile . a smile that could melt ice in winter . but a know smile . a ' do not bullshit a bullshitter ' smile . cat if you do , you would never have let I get involved in the first place . the truth of she word deprive he of he . she kiss he he on the forehead . cat I love you too . and she exit , leave emilio more concerned . he look down at the picture . close on the orchid which morph into ... 64 . a real cataleya orchid on a computer screen with the word cataleya be typed in the search bar pull back to int . FBI office - day Ross be at he computer , stare at the screen and the orchid , alongside a map of colombia and the specific region where the cataleya be find . he think . ross ok . let 's try ...organization ... he type . data come up . and what he see stun he ... a folder mark CIA : confidental . access denied . ross ( frustrate ) fuck ... over the SOUND of chime ... ext . pepe' warehouse / home - day a ramshackle warehouse , it 's window streak opaque with year of dust and grime , surround by a fence , and a weedy garden which be home to dozen of the most unique wind chime of all size and shape , make from scrap metal . and two of the biggest , most ferocious dog on Earth , lay on they side , asleep . the dog 's ear perk up ; hearing something we do not , a low growl begin to rumble deep in they throat . the gate to the garden begin to open , and like a shot the dog be up , hurl themselves toward the open gate , eye flash , bark loud enough to scare the dead back to life , fang bare , ready to kill . and then they stop cold when they see who it be come into they domain . reverse on cat holding two very full shopping bag . cat hi guy . and the dog jump all over she , lick she . cat hey ! hey ! she pet they , play with they . cat ok . ok . now sit . 65 . the dog obey she in a heartbeat , sit expectantly . not make a sound . cat now let 's see what good boy you can be . she reach into one of the shopping bag , pull out two roast ! cat top cut sirloin . which she put down on the ground . the dog 's eye go to the chunks of meat . cat Nice , huh ? the dog can barely contain themselves . cat Red , juicy , delicious . the dog whimper in anticipation . cat stay . she pick up the shopping bag , and head for the ramshackle warehouse . the dog moan , but do not move , they eye go from the meat to cat . cat reach the door . turn . see the dog look at she . cat good boy . ( beat ) eat . the dog pounce . each one grab a roast and tear into the meat with ferocious , pent up glee . cat smile at the sight , enter the warehouse . int . pepe' warehouse / home - day the warehouse , be fill with pile of rusting scrap metal , the cannibalize carcass of car , truck , shipping container , welding equipment , hammer tong , all sort of tool . in the corner be one fully build truck , a big red monster with huge demolition fender . this be home to old pepe , a ancient , blind man , who be work away , building yet another set of oversize chime out of scrap metal . pepe hola cataleya . 66 . cat hola pepe . I guess the boy give I away . pepe anyone else ? the bark would only have stop when they scream begin . you spoil they . cat I train they . pepe if that 's what you want to call it . cat kiss pepe , tap one of the chime , it make the most ethereal sound as one chime bang against the other . she open a cupboard in the makeshift kitchen area , and start unpack the grocery . pepe do you get the bean I like ? cat of course . pepe and the salsa Verde ? cat and the salsa Verde . pepe not the one in the short bottle . cat the long one . pepe I hate that other one , the chili they use suck . do you see you uncle ? of course . she move from the kitchen , walk across to the far wall . pepe we be go to church for Easter . cat as always . pepe and you ? 67 . cat not this year . until she reach a big discard safe , taller than she with a impregnable door . pepe as always . you should , you know . cat I should do a lot of thing . she turn the combination knob . pepe you could start with that one . it would make we very happy . cat maybe next year . the door open , reveal shelf with dozen of passport , stack of cash . pepe cataleya . no one know what happen tomorrow , next year be a long time away . how be you trip ? cat start to remove some of the cash . start to count it . stick it in she pocket . cat rewarding . she take a passport out . pepe passport ? cat you ear be better than my eye . pepe you work too much . I keep tell that to emilio . the girl should have a life while she be still young enough to enjoy it . you should take a vacation . go some place warm . with a nice beach . cat good idea . she slam the big safe door shut . 68 . ext . caribbean island - day from the air , surround by the bluest of water . bestowed with the greenest of verdant foliage . surrounded by exquisite beach . a spray of water fill the screen . come from ... three of the hottest nymphettes in the smallest bikinis splashing around a swimming pool having the best time splashing water at william woogard , as he chase after they ... william grrraaahhhh !!!! pull back to ext . compound - day a exquisite villa surround by a high wall . as the girl clamber out of the pool , ignore the four armed body guard patrol poolside , they be meet by three maid hold robe for they to slip into . william ( smiling ) hey ! I pay to see more , not less . the robe disappear . william that 's better . girl Willie you be such a perv . william I know . anyone hungry ? girl always ! as William slip into a robe hold open for he , he grab the ass of two of the girl ... william lunch be serve . giggle , the girl scamper toward the villa , where a sumptuous table be set on the veranda , attend by more servant . William be hand a drink , as he sip it , watch they perfect , barely cover butt , he eye pool of desire , the servant hold out a envelope . servant for you sir . 69 . perplex , William take he eye off the girl and regards the envelope . no return address , no stamp . he open it and he perplex look go to one of concern . close on the note it say . someone be looking for you . be careful . a friend . william where do this come from ? servant it be in the post box this morning . William can not fathom what this be all about . but he do not like it . ext . caribbean island - sunset over hot dance hall music , the sun set magnificently into the shimmer sea ... int . villa - evening the music blast throughout the villa . sexy , hot . there be several bodyguard station all around . int . salon - evening two of the girl dance erotically for William , who recline on a oversize couch , smoking from a hookah . angle on the third girl be out in the foyer , lay on the glass floor , which be the top of a large aquarium , where dozen of shark swim back and forth . girl here fishy fishy ! she tap on the floor , the shark ignore she . girl ( pouty ) Willie ! they be ignore I ! William come over . william put a drop of blood in there and they will be you biggest admirer . all the way down to you stripped clean bone . and speak of stripped ... he lift she up like a piece of luggage . as she squeal with delight ... 70 . william bedtime ! the other girl come run . the party move up the wind staircase . the bodyguard look at each other , roll they eye . int . villa - night William be at the double door to he massive bedroom suite , the girl be on the bed in the bg jump around , in the skimpiest bra and panty set , have a pillow fight . william ( to head of security ) bring extra security in for the night . head security yes sir . william and make sure we be shut down tight . head security yes sir . have a good night , sir . william I intend to . the door close , and lock . Wild shriek come from inside . ext . villa - evening a van roll up to the main gate , half a dozen security man exit . head security there be already guy in the garden and guy out back . I want you three upstairs , two on the roof . you three downstairs . follow I . as they all enter the villa , the camera linger on the van . a figure dress in black roll out from under the carriage as it pull away and disappear into the bush . quick time cut two guard stand outside the bedroom door . two guard be on the stair . Three guard in the salon . Three more in the garden outside . int . villa - night the head of Security go around the villa check that all the door and window be secure . his man be post outside the door to the bedroom , on the stair , in the salon . he close light as he go . 71 . he walk across the aquarium floor in the foyer to the front door , close the light , so that only the glow from the aquarium light illuminate the dark . and he exit , close the door behind he , turn the lock . close on the aquarium the shark glide back and forth . and then , a figure in a black wet suit , fin and a mask , with a small back back come glide into through the shark . who just go about they business . the figure stop at the edge of the glass floor , take something out of the back pack and very skillfully cut a small hole in one of the glass panel that make up the floor . the diver lift out of the aquarium , pull back the wet suit . it be cat . cat open the backpack , remove a silencer fitte pistol . close on the bedroom door open cat enter , silent , close the door , approach the bed where William be asleep sandwich between the three pass out girl . empty champagne bottle and glass be strewn about . cat stare down at the scene , point she gun at William . one of the girl roll over onto William , ruin she shot . she hesitates . close on william' face as sit up suddenly , startle from sleep . no one be in the room . he look around , and notice the bedroom door ajar . he be more awake now , see the nymphettes sleep soundly . he rise , dress in a silk sleep robe . he feel something on he chest , go over to the mirror , open he gown and see , paint on he chest : in red lipstick , the word thief , and a draw of a cataleya orchid . panic start to set in . william hello ? no answer . William tip toe to the ajar door . he peek out and see two guard with bullet through they forehead , blood leak out across the white marble floor . really panicked , he flatten himself against the inside of the door , he breath come in gasp . int . villa - night William , hold the two gun of the dead guard in front of he , make he way down stair , past two more dead guard . grow more and more nervous by the moment , he try a light switch on the wall , nothing . 72 . the only light come from the ambient glow of the aquarium below . he reach the bottom of the stair . william anybody ? no answer . he cross the aquarium floor , and when he be right in the middle ... cat stop right there . cat come out of the dark . in she hand , a silencer fitte pistol . william who be you ? cat do not matter who I be . he pull the trigger on he gun . click , click , click . he try the other one . again click click click . william what do you want ? cat I want you exactly where you be . and then , without warning , she put a bullet in both he knee . william arrrggghhhh ! he fall to the floor . the blood start to seep out onto the glass . the shark swim back and forth . william whatever they pay you , I will double it ! cat you know the thing about shark . you can swim with they all day and they will just ignore you , but put one drop of blood in the water and they become you biggest admirer . william please . I will give you anything you want . do not kill I ! cat I be not go to kill you . ( beat ) they be . 73. she fire three shot into the glass square he be kneel on . the glass shatter . William fall into the water . grab onto the square on either side and prop himself up . his blood run down into the clear water . cat turn and walk toward the door . william please ! please ! he struggle frantically to pull himself out . cat exit . and then the shark hit . wham ! and hit . and hit . and hit . william please ! help ! help ! he be violently drag under . close on the front page of a newspaper with a picture of the remain of William under the headline : shark eat shark . the newspaper drop to reveal Richard at he desk . int . CIA office - day richard I can not believe this . he drop the paper , be about to leave he office when the phone on he desk ring . he answer . richard yes ? voice Mr. Steven Richard ? richard who be this ? close on ross FBI special agent Jack Ross . I be lead agent on a case . a serial killer we call the tag killer . intercut hiding he anger . richard I have see the publicity . ross Marks he victim with a flower . from colombia . a cataleya orchid . ( more ) 74 . ross ( cont 'd ) when I try to access information , I get stick with a CIA access deny folder . I understand you be the station chief down there when this rash of murder with the same mo ... richard listen , agent Ross , we do not give out any type of information over the phone . so what I suggest be you file a formal request with the agency for any information you might want . and I will be more than happy to get back to you as soon as I can . he hang up . seethe . on ross look at he phone and the dial tone handset . ross thank you . ext . miami airport - day a plane land . emittting from the int . miami airport - day people disembark . we think cat be get off the plane . it be Marco and two of he thug . as he be crossing the terminal , he pass a newspaper machine . the headline of the paper in the window catch he eye : shark eat shark . as he stare at the picture of the dead William , he phone ring . marco bueno ? int . car - day a piss off Richard be on the phone . richard no more bullshit I Marco . I have get the FBI on my ass now . I want that problem take care of . yesterday . do you hear I ? marco loud and clear . the newspaper picture of William be pin to a board . pull back to 75 . int . FBI office - day Ross turn from pin up the picture alongside the other twenty two , to he team . ross where be we ? agent 1 we id would everyone who come in and out of the police station for the twenty four hour precede the incident . the only one that we could not verify be a ... he read . agent 1 valarie Phillips . picked up for drunk drive four hour before the hit on rizzo . ross ( stunned ) a woman ? be you sure ? agent 1 it 's we only lead . ross let 's see she book report . agent 2 ( hesitant ) well , there be a little problem . seem she be too drunk to get a photo . ross but not to get print . agent 1 we run the print in the data base . no match be find . ross Lovely . so if there be no book record , how do we get the name ? agent 1 a library card . the only id she have be a library card . ross I do not believe this . agent 1 there be the surveillance tape . 76 . agent 2 from three angle . ross ( hopeful ) well , let 's see they . the two agent look at each other , even more chagrine . one of they push a button on the computer . and the three angle come up . one have a shot of cat 's face cover by she hair , one have a shot of she face cover by she hand , and the third one have a angle of she nose . ross that 's it ? agent 1 that 's it . Ross sigh . ross it 's not a lot to go on . but put they in the data base and let 's see what match . the agent exit . Ross look at the picture on the board . ross ... a@ woman . can not believe it . ext . miami - little colombia - day Marco and he thug enter a small social club / bar . int . social club - day a dimly light place , where stranger be few and suspicious look from the rough man play pool at the back to able and lining the bar be par for the course . eduardo , a small time hood , line up a shot with a pool cue , when a hand come down on the ball he be about to shoot . he look up to ... marco hello eduardo , que pasa ? eduardo I have fifty buck on this shot . that 's what 's que pasa . marco ( smiling ) hey sorry . come on . 77 . he open he arm . they hug . eduardo be friendly , but there be a hesitation , a tension in the air . as they break marco take a roll of cash out . marco here . for you . he go to hand it to eduardo . eduardo for what ? marco first for fuck up you shot . second , for a address . you remember Fabio ? the cataleya killer ? eduardo it 's a long time . my memory ... marco you go to school with he brother in law . what be he name ? emilio ? eduardo like I say ... my memory ... now the man at the bar be start to take notice . marco I have a problem . and we think Fabio 's kid be behind it . eduardo take the roll of bill and put it in Marco 's shirt pocket . eduardo look Marco . I gotta be honest with you . everyone know you guy be play a double game , and when the shit go down , you be the only one who get out of it clean . the man at the bar be now edging closer . one of they have a shot gun rest along he leg , inconspicuous , and conspicuous at the same time . marco so you do have a memory . eduardo yeah . for rat . now get the fuck out , and let I take my shot . marco ok ... 78 . Marco look at eduardo , who glare at he . eduardo go to line up he shot . the tension in the room be thicker by the moment . as eduardo be about to hit the ball , Marco grab he hair and slam he forehead into the cue ball . at the same moment , Marco 's two thug whip out they gun and blast away . the shotgun wield man , raise he gun , and as he be kill by Marco , he blast take out one of Marco 's thug . in a instant it be over . everyone be dead , except Marco , one of he thug , and the daze eduardo . Marco notice he ear be bleed , touch it , it piss he off that blood have soile he white shirt . marco fuck ... piss , Marco yank eduardo up from the floor and slam he onto the pool table . stick he gun in he face . marco you do not tell I what I want to know by the count of three , you scum suck lowlife prick , you memory will be permanently disabled . one ...two ... a buzzer sound ... ext . STREET - night Danny open the door to he building . int . danny's apartment - night Danny enter to a candle light room and ... cat I bring you something . she be in a very sexy lingerie top . her hand be behind she back . danny that 's real progress . let 's see . she take she hand out from behind she back , present he with a cute little stuff alligator . danny wow ! just what I always want . cat you be make fun . danny no . no . I mean , a gift from you . something to show I you be think of I as more than you boy toy . 79 . cat well , there 's that too . she start to peel off the lingerie . danny wait . she stop . cat you do not want I ? danny of course I do . but can not we talk a little first ? cat what would you like to talk about ? danny oh , I do not know . nothing . anything . cat you really want to do this ? danny yes , I do . cat ( amuse ) ok . she stand there , wait . danny so ... what 's new ? cat nothing much . she stop . wait . danny where have you be ? cat on vacation . danny really ? where ? down south . danny where there be alligator ? 80 . he wiggle the toy . cat there be that one . danny be it nice ? cat it be ok . danny what do you do ? cat nothing much . a little swim , feed the fish . danny ok . now you . cat now I what ? danny conversation . it go two way . cat ok . want to fuck ? Danny start to laugh . cat , catch in the moment to laugh as well . danny begin ok . ok . I get it . you want to protect yourself . I understand . but I be ... I do not just want to be here for the sex . I know a lot of guy would think this be perfect . she come over , we fuck like mad . she leave . but I need a little more . she keep stare , wait . cat like what ? danny like ...uh... some trust maybe . cat that 's a hard one for I . danny I get that . I be not in a hurry . and just so you know . the past ? if it 's too painful right now ? ( more ) 81 . danny ( cont 'd ) if you can not talk about ? that 's ok . but , you know , if someone hurt you before ... like a break heart or something . I be not responsible for that . I just want want to be here for you . to know a little about what 's inside . what you feel . just a little . cat hesitates , stand there half dress , feeling that she never want to deal with come to the surface . cat I be lonely sometimes . she stop . danny ..- and ? cat be not that enough ? danny it 's a good start . he smile , put the stuff animal aside . danny now we can have sex . cat smile , catch a bit off guard by he sweetness . he approach she , she go to touch he . he put she hand down , gently . danny let I this time . and for the first time , she let he touch she first . let 's he kiss she lip , she neck , and as he go south , kissing as he go , the camera hold on she face , and for the first time she allow herself to receive , to give herself over to be the seduce rather than the seducer . and she like it . fade to black ext . chicago - sunrise the city wake . close on danny waking . turn over , expect to find no one there . surprise this time . because there be someone there , sleep peacefully , she face , half cover by she hair , bath in the soft light of dawn ... 82. cat . Danny smile , so pleased . int . kitchen - morning Danny put the finish touch on a breakfast tray . he look at the stuff animal she bring he . it warm he heart . int . bedroom - morning Danny stand with the breakfast tray , look at cat sleep . he can not quite believe it . he put the tray down , take he iphone , point it at she , go to take a picture . reverse on cat she wake with a start . to find Danny stand there with a breakfast tray , and a big smile on he face . danny Morning . cat be disorient . danny I do not know if you like you egg over easy or scramble , so I make ... cat jump out of bed , start to dress quickly . danny wait ... cat I should not have do this . pull on she jeans . danny done what ? cat any of it . danny why ? cat because . danny can we talk about it ? pull on she top . 83. cat we already talk . I be late . slip into she shoe . do not answer . danny I make breakfast . cat I do not like egg . as she head for the door , she turn . cat now you know something else about I . and with a small smile , she be go . int . hall - morning outside Danny 's door , cat cross to the elevator , wait for it to come . as she do , she fix she clothes a bit , she eye on Danny 's door . cat ( to herself ) do not come out . please . do not . the door do not open . the elevator arrive . she take a deep breath , enter . the door close . ext . paint supply store - day cat come run in . int . paint supply store - day cat hurry down the aisle , keep a eye on the security camera . make sure she stay on the far side , out of it 's range . she stop in the middle of the aisle , start to examine paint brushes . cat sorry I be late . angle on emilio stand next to she , look at a color chart , hide from the security camera , as be she . he be piss . he have the newspaper with woogard 's picture . he throw the paper in she face . cat be take aback by a display of anger she have never see in this man before . emilio you say you would stop the write ! then he shove a article cut from a paper in she face . 84 . emilio read this ! as she start ... emilio Seven people slaughter in a Miami bar . I know one of they . year ago , in school . cat so what ? emilio I do not like it . this be get too close . cat tio. could be anyone . you be see thing that be not there . emilio and you be so blind by you need for revenge that you be not see thing that be . the handwrite be on the wall Cara . let I read it to you . this be over . I will no longer accept job . I will no longer solicit job . you be retire . cat how many people do you kill in revenge for you boy 's death ? how many ? and you be go to give I a lecture about revenge ? emilio ( calm ) Cara . it 's time to get a life , before you run out of time . here . he hand she a envelope . emilio maybe this will help you understand what I be tell you . emilio leave first this time . cat just stand there , she world rock . she open the envelope , take out a photograph , look at it . close on a photo of cat with her parent dress for she first Communion . everyone be smile . she be hold a cataleya orchid bouquet . on cat 85 . her eye well up . she can not hold it anymore . she begin to cry . voice five six . Brown eye , hazel really dark hair , thick , shiny ... ext . cafe - day Danny be sit with he friend ryan . danny great body , killer smile . ( beat ) and I think about she all day long . ryan dude , you be in love . danny you be so smart . ryan seriously . this come from the heart . ok ? ( beat ) you be nut . ( beat ) the girl come over , strip down , rock you world , get dress , ask for nothing . leave . the only thing she do not do be bring the pizza and beer . you be live my dream . and you want to go and fuck it up with love ? danny I know you be the perfect guy to talk about this with . ryan hey come on . it 's I . since first grade . you and I ? he cross he finger . danny Ryan , I be twenty eight . I meet someone who I want to be with . all the time . I have nothing . a stuff animal . ( beat ) and a picture . ryan you have a picture ? danny in my phone . 86 . ryan give it up ! Danny take out he iphone . danny it 's not even a whole picture . I take it while she be asleep . show Ryan the picture he take of cat . close on the picture of cat asleep in he bed , with the morning light on she face , half hide by she position and she hair . ryan whoa ... total babe -age ! when do I meet the future Mrs. delaney ? danny have not you be listen to I ? I do not even know how to get in touch with she . ryan dude . that be such a no brainer . int . police headquarters - night Ryan and Danny stand beside shari , 26 , who sit in front of she computer , attach Danny 's iphone to a port . shari you know , if you be not my brother 's best friend ... ryan you be do it for love shari . not for I . when they walk down the aisle , you can say you be the one make it happen . danny maybe I should not ... shari up to you Danny . I do it all the time . photo go in here . Bangs around the National data base look for a match . bingo . address , phone number , shoe size , dress size , rap sheet , anything you want to know . it 's really no big deal . danny I just feel like , maybe , I be invade she privacy or something . 87 . shari hey guy , I have not get all day . ( hold she hand on the send button on the computer ) yes or no ? Danny can not answer . ryan of course yes . he hit the button . cat 's picture appear on the screen with the message : begin download . close on the process cat 's picture get turn into million of pixel , which start combine and recombine into face that look like she , do not look like she , look for a match . int . ross's office - night Ross be stare at he cataleya orchid , look over he report , frustrated , when he computer screen light up the the follow message : data match 62 % and alongside the half ass picture of cat from the security tape in the police station , the picture from Danny 's iphone start to form . Ross pick up the phone . ross ( excite ) I want a trace put on a income transmission ! Ross continue watch he screen : data match probability 68 % . a map come up on he screen immediately . a grid map of the city with a focus finder bring the search area closer and closer . until the area be identify : one Police Plaza . over the intonation of a choir singing easter Mass ... int . cathedral - day emilio , mama and pepe be sit in a pew during Easter mass . someone come up from behind , sit down next to they . they turn to cat . who smile , like a child . emilio smile back . mama take cat 's hand , kiss it . they all sit and listen to the mass , like all the other family around they . ext . cathedral - day as everyone be exite ... 88. mama Cara . you will come home for lunch . cat no mama . one thing at a time . she kiss they and walk off . int . car - day emilio drive . mama that be such a nice surprise . pepe I know it would happen . emilio everyone grow up . mama I think she 's go to be ok . emilio I think so . as they car pull into the driveway of the house ... from someone else's Pov reverse on int . car - day from down the street . watch emilio , mama , and pepe enter the house . Marco . and three thug . int . FBI office - day on a larger computer screen , the various picture of cat none of they conclusive . as Ross and he team look on ... tech we need a common base , so let 's try size ... he punch he keyboard . the computer screen shuffles the picture until they all match up , one on top of the other . and on the screen : size confirmation : match 96 % tech good ... now let 's see ... hand ... he focus in on the hand on the picture from the security tape and the one from Danny 's iphone picture . the image start move , match . and when they be coordinate , on the screen : hand confirmation : match 95 % 89 . tech look good . and now ... he type in nose match . again the picture shuffle , line up . nose confirmation : match 98 % tech Nice nose . and then the message come up : match identification : 100 % tech that 's you girl . close on cat in the shower . the water pelting she face . as the camera watch her , it feel like someone else be there watching too . int . cat' apartment - day cat , outside the shower . again , the camera watch her as if there be someone else there . this begins to feel a little creepy . very tense . int . cat' apartment - day cat , in a bra and panty , walk across to the kitchen , pour a drink . downs half of it , then refill the glass . and still , there be this feeling someone be there , watching . that at any moment , someone be go to pounce . int . cat' apartment - day cat sit by the live room window . take the last drop of the drink . as she look out on the night sky , she light a cigarette . feeling so alone . she take one drag on the cigarette , stub it out . she take the picture of herself and she parent , look at it , sigh deeply . a tear form . her loneliness , she sense of isolation grow . for the first time , she seem a bit lose . int . danny's apartment - day Danny sit by he window , also feel a bit lose , and also , so lonely . he stare at the picture of cat on he phone . when the phone ring . danny hello ? intercut cat it 's I . 90 . Danny 's heart go to he throat . danny oh my god ! I can not believe it ! hello you . int . ross's office - day Ross 's computer bing . Danny 's name and number come up with the message : call active . Ross look up . int . cat' apartment - day cat be you busy ? intercut danny no. i...no cat I be just sit here , look out the window . and I think ... where be you ? int . ross's office - day Ross and he team be listen to the call on a intercom . on the screen a tracer be look for the location of the call . intercut danny in my apartment . look out the window . cat so we be see the same sky . ross watch the search narrow ... danny yes . I be so happy to hear you voice . narrow ... cat and I be happy to hear yours . until a red blinking circle appear on the map around one build ross we get she ! I want swat there ! all of they ! now ! 91 . Ross and he team run out of they office . and we be back to ... danny you know it 's so crazy . I be just sit here , look at you picture , think " I would wish I could call she . " and you call . cat 's antenna go up . cat ... what picture ? Danny gulp hard , realize he have make a mistake . danny I be sorry . I know I should not have . but I have nothing to remember you by , except this little stuff ... cat ( tight ) what picture Danny ??? danny I take a picture of you while you be sleep . with my phone . cat leap out of she chair , on full alert now . she open she cabinet to the four screen . danny jen. I be sorry . really . I do not mean to offend you . cat attaches a device to she computer . do not respond . danny ... it 's just you look so cute . I can erase it if you want . it 's not even a good picture ... Jen ? cat be not listen , she be look at a message flash across the screen . third party on line . cat ( nerve keening ) who else see the picture ? cat flip the switch on she surveillance screen . danny nobody . my friend Ryan ... cat who else ? 92 . danny his sister . I do not want to .. it 's just ... I want to contact you . I want to ... cat ( hard ) what do the sister of Ryan have to do with this ? danny shari , that 's Ryan 's sister ... she work at Police headquarters ... and now cat know everything . danny I just want to be ... on she surveillance screen , cat see FBI swat pull up to the building . cat closer . I know . Goodbye Danny . cat hang up , rush into the bathroom , turn the shower on full blast . hurrying out , on she screen , she see the swat swarm into the building . cat open a cabinet . on the back of the door be a dozen key . she choose one . she check the screen one more time , see the swat rush the stair , the elevator . she turn off she screen . and run out of the apartment in she t-shirt and panty . barefoot . int . staircase - day the swat be run up the stair . int . elevator - day the swat lead by Ross be watch the elevator number climb . int . hall - day cat reach the stair just as the elevator be reach she floor . she duck down the stair as the elevator door open , and Ross and he team step out , gun raise , exercise extreme caution , keep very quiet . int . staircase - day cat take the stair two at a time . int . staircase - day the swat come run up the stair , two at a time . 93 . quick cut between cat and the swat . she go down , they be coming up . and just when they be one floor apart , when it seem that they be go to collide , run into each other ... cat exit the stair on the sixth floor . a moment later the swat come running by where she exited . int . hall - day swat 1 listen at cat 's door . Ross be at the end of the corridor . swat 1 ( whisper , on mic ) shower . Ross signal for a scope . swat 2 take a flex cam , and begin to slide it under the door . int . sixth floor hall - day cat come to a door , use she key to open it . she enter to ... int . apartment - day ... a guy eat he lunch in front of the tv . guy hey ! he reach out to grab she . cat grab he hand and slam he face into he tray of food , knock he cold . int . hall - day Ross watch the screen as the flex cam show the interior of cat 's apartment . int . bathroom - day cat pull down a camouflage hinge door in the ceiling . on it , be a harness , with several thing attach , gun charge , thick metal clip . she slip into the harness . int . hall - day Ross 's team go from apartment to apartment . knock . agent 1 FBI ... int . hall - day on the video cam , Ross be see nothing in cat 's apartment . he point to one of the swat , signal for he to set charge against the door . the man begin to do so . 94 . int . bathroom - day cat be set charge in a rectangular pattern on the rear bathtub wall . int . hall - day the agent at a apartment door ... agent 1 no mar 'am everything be under control . we just need you to stay inside . May we have a look around ? as the FBI enter ... int . bathroom - night cat have finish set she charge . she look up at the ceiling , listen . int . hall - day Ross 's man have finish set the charge . he look at Ross . the rest of the team finger they weapon . int . bathroom - day cat wait , look up . int . hall - day a FBI agent knock on the door of the apartment she have just enter . int . hall - day Ross give the go ahead nod . the swat hit he detonator . at the same moment that he charge explode ... int . bathroom - day cat hit hers ... boom ! int . hall - day cat 's door blow open , the swat flood in . int . bathroom - day a perfect rectangle be blow in the wall , revealing utility pipe . int . cat' apartment - day Ross and he crew swarm all over the place . find the shower , empty . 95 . int . bathroom - day cat have attach the hook from the harness to the pipe . int . cat' apartment - day Ross bark into he walkie talkie . ross she 's not here . lock the building down ! int . bathroom - day cat let go . and drop . track cat as she slide at a fantastic speed down the utility pole int . cat' apartment - day Ross be look at the bank of security monitor in cat 's cabinet , see all he man , all over the place , inside the building , outside . ross where the hell do she go ? int . shaft - day cat land on the floor , next to door . she unhook herself from the pipe , and push out the door . enter through to the ... int . garage - day cat look around , listen , and then begin to make she way across the garage , use the park car as cover from the security camera . int . build - day Ross lead he man as they scour the building . ross no one in or out ! lock this place down ! anyone ? ext . build - day agent 1 nothing here . int . hall - day agent 2 nothing here . 96 . int . garage - day cat reach a open space where car just cannot shield she . there be two security camera cover it . cat draw one of she silencer and shoot the lens out of one camera . int . security office - day a agent be stand next to the building security guard , when one camera go out . ross v.o. anything ? agent 1 nothing ... wait ... one security camera down . int . elevator - day Ross pause . int . garage - day cat shoot the second camera . head across the open space , quickly . int . security office - day agent 1 the second one be down . ross where ? agent 1 the garage ! ross ( into walkie talkie ) all unit ! converge on the garage . cover every exit ! int . garage - day cat have reach a vent , which she remove , have loosen the screw before . int . garage - day the swat and Ross 's team flood the garage . vehicle screeching in , man run in full body armor , gun ready . close on the vent grate cat be just climb into the space behind it . pull back to the swat all over the place 97 . close on cat pulling the grate close pull back to the swat passing by looking everywhere . ross ( frustrate ) look under every car . in every trunk !!! int . subway tunnel - day cat hurry along a tunnel , come to a utility door , and enter . int . utility changing room - day cat enter a room full of locker . she start open they until she find what she be look for . a maintenance uniform . int . subway tunnel - day cat walk along in coverall , boot and a hard hat , pass several crew of worker welding , hammer , do repair . she disappear into the gloam . fade to black ext . emilio' STREET - early morning a normal day . kid play ball . trashmen pick up trash . angle on the rear of emilio' house cat enter the house . int . emilio' house - morning cat walk through the house like it could be a trap , a silencer in she hand . her sense be keen , she be that alert . and then she find the first body . mama . Dead . a bullet in she head . cat have all she can do to keep it together . then she find pepe , a bullet in he head . it be almost too much for she to bear . and then she find emilio , tie to a chair , torture . to death . this be too much for she to bear . cat cut emilio 's beat and bloody body loose , and gently take he in she arm . and begin to cry . cat I be sorry ... I be sorry ... I be sorry 98 . int . FBI office - day a operator answer . operator Federal Bureau of investigation . how may I direct you call ? ext . STREET - day cat be on a pay phone . cat I would like to speak to the agent in charge of the tag killing . int . ross's office - day Ross be pin up the picture of cat on he board . his phone ring . ross agent Ross . hello ? hello ? ext . STREET - day cat hang up the phone . ext . FBI build - evening the building be empty out . in the lobby , Ross pass a floor cleaner and a lone security guard . int . market - evening Ross pick up a prepackage meal . ext . ross's apartment - evening Ross enter he building . int . ross's apartment - evening Ross enter , turn on the light , revealing a apartment as austere as cat 's . head for the small kitchen , where he be about to put he precooke meal in the microwave . when he feel a gun in the back of he neck . cat this will not take long . hand up . Ross raise he hand . cat reach around , remove he gun . cat turn around . Ross face she . 99 . cat sit. she motion he into the chair behind he . ross just so you know , all this ? be so smart ? cover all you basis ? it 's not go to matter . it 's already over . the whole place be wire with web cam . his moment of triumph be short live . cat reach on the side of the counter . hold up six web cam , wire rip out . cat you mean this ? toss the rip out cam onto the table . cat talk about cover all you basis . you chair be pressure wire . you move you ass one inch you do not have one anymore . Ross look under the chair . sure enough , there be several wire lead out of the bottom of the chair . he look further to the where the wire attach to a small charge . she put she gun down on the table . cat I know what you be think . maybe yes a bluff , maybe no . but you have to figure yes , give what you know about I . Ross do not move . cat this be not what I have in mind for myself when I be a kid . I want to be on the other side of thing . like you . ross so what happen ? cat he do . she take out a old picture of Don Luis , lift from the internet . she take out the picture of she parent and she as a eight year old . cat this be the last time I be happy . ( more ) 100 . cat ( cont 'd ) the next day they be dead . he kill they . ross and all this ? all this clue ... they be not for we . they be for he . cat I do not know how else to find he . ross and you figure sooner or later we would make this public . cat it take you a long time . ross you be very patient . cat what else do I have to be ? I have no one . I do . until this morning . I have they . she take out picture of dead mama , dead emilio , dead pepe . ross you send he a message . he send you one back . cat and now I want to finish it . ross I can not help you . cat yes you can . he 's protect by you government . ross by a part of the government I have no way of reach . it 's CIA . I do not know why . but there 's no get through it , under it , around it , believe I , I have try . cat you be go to have to try harder . she take a photo album out , open it . 101 . cat I find this on you table inside . you family , right ? begins to flip page . cat Brothers , sister , niece , nephew . mother , father . Nice . Ross know what be come . cat I know this sound harsh . but until I get what I want , you will go to a funeral a week . and you will begin to feel what I have feel all this year . she place the photo album in he lap . put he food in the microwave , start it . go to exit . ross wait ... she stop . ross what about ...? he point to the chair . cat when you dinner 's ready , the timer on it will have expire . then you can get to work . and she be go . Ross watch the timer on the microwave . when it beep , he sit a moment longer . hesitates to get up . Little by little , he move himself off the chair , tentative . afraid that any moment , boom ! until he make the final move , stand just enough to clear the seat wait for the worst to happen . and when it do not , he breathes a sigh of relief . ext . CIA office - day a non descript building . int . richard's office - day facing a large picture window ... richard you understand , I only agree to this meeting out of professional courtesy . ( more ) 102 . richard ( cont 'd ) the President want we to reach out to you folk on the domestic side , and all that pie in the sky crap . ( beat ) the truth be , I really can not help you at all . ross can not or will not . richard same thing really . ross look , let 's put all we card on the table here . I have meet this woman . the killer . richard ( skeptical ) really ? where ? ross my apartment . she trap I . she tell I if I do not get she this man . he put Luis 's picture on the desk . ross she will kill a member of my family every day until I have none . Richard pause . then he begin to laugh . richard you be kid I ? ross do I look like I could make something like that up ? Richard say nothing . ross so ? what should I do now ? richard I would go to the police . now if you ' will excuse I , I have a meeting ... he go to rise , when Ross 's phone ring . he answer . ross Ross . ( beat ) it 's she . 103 . Richard sit back down . ross ( cont 'd ) she say you either give she what she want or she be go to redecorate you office . Ross point to Richard 's chest where a red laser beam hold on he heart . ross Bright red . richard what do she think this be ? amateur hour ? tell she that glass be tempere to resist a direct hit by a fifty seven millimeter ordinance . all of the sudden , a bullet shatter the window ; destroy a picture of Richard stand with the President hang on the wall just behind he head . the red dot be back on Richard in a heartbeat . ross she say she 's use seven point six two steel jackete armor pierce shell . and you have ten second to give she the address . Richard start to come unglue . richard how can I be sure once she have the address she will not kill I anyway ? ross you can not . but I can assure you that if you do not give she the address you will be number twenty four on she hit parade . trust I on this one . after a interminable moment ... richard eight seven six magnolia Terrace ... New Orleans . there be a long pause on the other end of the phone . ross she ask you to keep this conversation strictly confidential . richard ( sweat ) with pleasure . 104 . a moment later , the red dot disappear from Richard 's chest . Richard breathes out . Ross reach out , shake richard 's limp hand . ross thank you . because honestly I do not know how I be go to explain you splatter all over you wall . Ross exit . Richard look at the shattered picture . the President 's head be intact . the bullet have rip Richard 's face clean off . close on a big steel door open revealing a armory of weapon from pistol to rpg 's . pull back to int . pepe' warehouse - night cat load weapon and ammo into pepe 's big red truck . the last thing she take : a law rocket launcher . the dog sit there , watch she . cat you guy ever be to New Orleans ? off the dog 's puzzle face ... smash ! !!1 !! the red truck smashes through the door of pepe 's warehouse . ext . pepe' warehouse - night the truck head off down the road , disappear into the night . fade to int . truck - night cat drive through the night , just watch the road . the dog sit behind she , also watch the road . she pass a sign : new orlean 500 mile . ext . smith architectural office - morning smith , a courtly old architect , open he door and enter he building . int . smith architectural office - morning Smith enter to find ... cat good morning . 105 . sitting , with two cup of coffee , and pastry . cat I do not know if you take sugar and cream , so I get one of each . smith who be you ? cat you design the house at eight seven six magnolia . smith you either leave immediately young lady or I be go to call the police . cat pull a gun . cat I would love to see the plan of this house . close on a simple floor plan of a house marco you will take up position here ... pull back to int . don luis' mansion - day as Don Luis sip a cognac , stare out the big bay window onto the wide street beyond the garden . ext . don luis' mansion - day the house sit prominent in the middle of a quiet neighborhood . int . don luis' mansion - day Marco point to the floor plan , explain to the dozen thug gather with they weapon ... marco and here . and here . you must expect the unexpected . she be like mist under a door , like a mouse in the wall . she will never attack straight on . you will not see she , until it be too late . she be that invisible . on don luis as he sip he cognac . he see a big red truck approach in the distance up the road . as he watch , squinting , curious , the truck do a abrupt U turn . Marco drone on in the background ... 106 . marco we would prefer she be take alive . but with a bitch like this , if you get a kill shot you take it . ... Don Luis watch , as a woman get out of the truck . he can not make out who it be , what with the fog and he vision ... don luis Marco ? he see the woman open the rear door of the truck , and pull something out . he take he glass out of he pocket , put they on . just in time to see ... cat shouldering a law shoulder rocket !!! don luis marco ! Marco turn . angle on cat firing the rocket angle on marco don luis and the thug see the rocket head right for the salon . they all leap out of the way , just as the rocket come crash through the bay window . and blow the salon to smithereen . cat reenter the truck , drive off fast . as the debris fall , and the dust and smoke rise , Marco help Don Luis up . he be a little stunne . through the gape hole where the bay window be , they see the red truck drive off . marco you four ! get the armored mercede ! we have to get Don Luis out of here ! the four run off . marco Don Luis ! this way ! everyone to they position ! as they all run out ... int . garage - day the four thug run into the garage , where there be several car . and a big armored van . thug ok ! everyone in ! but just as they open the door to the big mercede ... 107 . the red truck come ramming through , take out the whole wall of the garage ! destroy the mercede . cat leap out of the truck , and before the four startle thug know what have hit they , she put three of they down with shot to the heart . the fourth run out the back . ext . ground - day the fourth thug run for all he be worth , bleed from he forehead , panicked . angle on cat calmly exite the garage , she remove a set of throw knife from a belt around she waist , take a long minute to gauge the distance . when he have almost reach the safety of the house ... on the thug running on cat flinging the knive track with the knive and then ... on the thug he drop like dead lead , the two knife embed in he back . angle on marco with don luis Inside the house , see cat through a window . angle on cat look back at he . point a finger at he . before she disappear in to the drift mist . angle on marco Don Luis ! you hide here . he open a secret door in the wall , revealing a small space . barely big enough for a man . marco wait for my call . either she be dead , or we have she far enough away so you can make it to the garage . take the van . the armor be so thick nothing short of a atomic bomb can penetrate it . don luis Marco . thank you . 108 . marco ( touched ) that 's the first time you ever say that . don luis Said what ? marco thank you . don luis do not get use to it . Don Luis shut the door . off the door slamm ... another door open , but this one be ... ext . don luis' mansion - day on the side of the mansion , and lead into the foundation . cat crawl in and pull the door shut . int . don luis' mansion - day Marco and the man be walk through the mansion , gun at the ready , when they come to a long stretch of hallway . Marco signal they to stop . he listen carefully . signal for one of the man to move down the hall . as Marco and the other man wait , the first thug make he way down the hall , look leave and right , open door ... angle on under the floor from the camera' Pov as the man walk along above , the floor creak , dust drop down in a fine cloud . as the man progress , and the dust get closer and closer ... angle on the thug above turn to Marco to signal everything be ok . just as he signal he be riddled from below with dozen of bullet . the man dance like a puppet on a string , before fall to the floor , dead . Marco take a grenade out , fling it . marco down ! Marco and the thug dive for cover . baarroom ! the grenade blow a big hole in the floor . as soon as the smoke and the debris stop fall ... marco go! 109 . the thug hesitate . Marco point he gun at they . marco now ! hesitant , the thug approach the hole . point they weapon , they unload a barrage of bullet . then stop . nothing move . one of they peer over the side . bang ! a single shot piece he eye . marco outside ! the thug and Marco run ... ext . don luis' mansion - day the thug set up two big ass 50 caliber machine gun at the two opening in the foundation . marco kill she ! the thug man the gun let loose , blast away . smoke and flash from the muzzle mingle with the fog . int . closet - day Don Luis hear the fire , which thunder through he closet . ext . don luis' mansion - day the thug fire until they ammo be spend . as the sound die away , silence reign . int . closet - day Don Luis hear the silence . he speed dial on he phone . ext . don luis' mansion - day Marco 's phone ring . marco ( whisper ) check . he motion for one of he man to look into the dark hope . hesitant the man peek around the side . nothing happen . marco ( whisper ) I think we get she . 110 . int . closet - day Don Luis let out a sigh of relief . don luis do you see the body ? ext . don luis' mansion - day Marco urge he man to look deeper , expose himself more , to look in the hole . Marco watch as the man do so , very cautiously . still no movement . he move full body into the open to peer in . bang ! bang ! bang ! be blow back by three fast shot . int . closet - day don luis Marco ?? ext . don luis' mansion - day marco ( into phone ) stay where you be ! and then he start scream into the hole , careful to stand just off to the side . marco you know what bitch ? I love kill you father . he be a coward ! and you know what else ? I screw you mother behind you father 's back ! we all do ! she could not get enough of it ! the whore ! I kill she ! I kill he ! you want to avenge they ? the whore and the coward ? that 's what you come from ! come out ! I be here ! come get the bullet with you name on it , bitch ! silence . and then , a whistle from above . Marco look up to see cat , stand on a second floor balcony with two pistol . marco kill she ! Marco start to fire , he man raise they gun . too late . in the blink of a eye , with bullet fly wildly all around she , cat blow five of the seven thug surround Marco away . Marco and the remain two thug run toward the guest house . out of the range of she gun . 111 . int . closet - day Don Luis be panic . yelling into the phone . don luis Marco ! Marco ! int . guest house - day Marco and the two thug run into the small house . marco you two here ! that door open ... he point to the door they just come through . marco ... kill anything that come through . Marco run into the bedroom . int . bedroom - day Marco run to the curtain window , rip the curtain back , hope to escape . and find that the window have metal hurricane shutter on they . with lock . Marco pull out a set of key , frantically try fitting the key to the lock . none of they work . marco shit ! he run for the door again . just as he have he hand on the knob , two shot ring out . marco Giorgio ? nothing . marco tonino ? no answer . he check he gun , realize he be out of ammo . he know he time have come . he drop be gun , back away from the door . back right up to the bed , and sit down . his phone ring . int . closet - day don luis Marco ! what the hell 's go on ??? int . bedroom - day Marco just stare at the door . marco hold on . 112. there be a small sound outside the door . marco I will hold here ! run! run! the door shatter as cat kick she way in . Marco pull he trigger . click ! click ! click ! Marco be freeze . just stare at cat . wait for what be go to come . marco do it ! do it you bitch ! be not this the moment you have be wait for ? yes , it be . she empty she gun into he . ext . don luis' mansion - day grip by fear , Don Luis run for all he be worth across the fog shroud garden until he reach the garage . he yank open the door , run inside . int . garage - day Don Luis run around pepe 's red truck and the crumble mercede , jump in the armored van . int . armore van - day Don Luis fumble with the key , grind the ignition in he desperation . the engine turn over . Don Luis slam the transmission into gear , but bang into the crumble mercede block he way . he slam the gearshift into reverse , bashes into the wall behind he , and then jerk the gear shift into drive , ramming the mercede with a little more room . back and forth back and forth , Don Luis ram at the mercede until he have make enough room to turn the van , bang past the mercede , and smash he way out of the garage . ext . don luis' mansion - day the van come roaring out of the garage , tear up the garden , jump on the driveway and speed off to the main road . cat come run from the opposite direction , two gun blaze . int . armore van - day as bullet ping off the van , Don Luis regains some of he confidence . a small smile break across he face as he look in he rear view mirror and see cat run and fire , lose ground . 113 . ext . don luis' mansion - day cat reach the end of the driveway , fire she last shot , run out of bullet . stands watch the van head off down the road . int . armore van - day Don Luis watch she run out of ammo , stand in the road recede . don luis ( laughing madly ) I beat you bitch ! you can not kill I ! I be unkillable ! ext . don luis' mansion - day cat stand in the road , watch the van . she take out Marco 's cellphone . close on the screen cat scroll the phone book . she highlight van . press send . int . armore van - day Don Luis be at a red light , so pleased with himself . humming a tune . when the van phone ring . surprise , he look at the call come in . marco . he press the speaker . don luis Marco ? cat it 's cataleya . don luis I do not understand you . you should have be dead a long time ago . you get lucky . you escape . you be give a second chance at a life . why do you not take it ? why do you involve yourself with this insanity ? cat for something you can never understand . the love I have for my parent . and you kill that . don luis and because of that , you have ruin you whole life to try to kill I ? you stupid bitch . do not you get it ? someone like I ? ( more ) 114 . don luis ( cont 'd ) I can not be kill . I do the kill . not the other way around . and now it be you turn to be hunt . you will never find I . but as day follow night , believe I , I will find you . and I will kill you . and you know why ? because I will never be where you can kill I . I will never be where you want I to be . cat actually Don Luis ... you be exactly where I want you to be . Don Luis do not get it . and then he hear a low growl behind he . he turn a little , see sit there in the dark recess of the van , two enormous dog . pepe 's dog . his eye register confusion , then apprehension ... ext . don luis' mansion - day cat hear the growl over the phone . a small smile break across she face . and then se speak into the phone one last time . one word . cat eat ! ext . armore van - day over the sound of the dog tear Don Luis to piece and he horrible scream , the van shake as if it be catch in a earthquake . ext . don luis' mansion - day cat 's shoulder sag , relax . her face be peaceful as it have never be before . she look at Marco 's phone . think . ross v.o. I want you to think hard ... int . ross's office - sunset Danny sit opposite Ross . ross be there anything else ? danny I already tell you everything . she would come over , we would have amazing sex , and she would leave . it 's really late , and I be really tired , if you be not go to arrest I ... 115 . ross we do not really have anything to charge you with . danny then can I go ? ross just a few more question . danny can I have a cup of coffee ? ross sure . Ross get up and leave the room . Danny be feel really shitty . he take he phone out of he pocket , look at cat 's picture . and then it ring . danny hello ? intercut between ... cat v.o. hello Danny . danny ( stunned ) Jen ...i...uh ... I be so sorry . I do not mean ... be you ok ? cat v.o. I be fine . she say it without the slight bit of sarcasm . cat v.o . where be you ? danny FBI headquarters . I do not tell they anything ... besides ... cat v.o. that I would come over and we would have amazing sex . you phone be tapped , you know that ? danny I know . cat v.o. you have forty second before they pick up on this . give you the time for three question . 116 . danny ok ... what 's you real name ? cat v.o. ... cataleya . Danny look at the orchid on Ross 's desk . see the name tag . smile . danny like the flower . now cat smile . how do he know that ? cat v.o. twenty second . danny will I ever see you again ? cat I know where to find you . ext . coffee machine - sunset Ross be draw coffee . agent 1 Ross . we be pick something up off that kid 's phone . Ross drop the coffee , hurry back to the office . int . ross's office - sunset danny if there be ever a chance . I want you to know ... I could love you . if you let I . cat v.o. last question . danny ... I love you . cat hold on that one for a moment ... then the beep of a phone connection cut ... Danny close he eye . Ross burst into the office . grab the phone from he hand . ross cataleya ? cataleya ! ext . country bus stop - sunset cat , in jeans , t-shirt , a baseball cap with she pony tail stick out the back , exit a phone booth , she board a wait bus . the door close . the bus drive off down a endless road . 117 . the end