" pet sematary " by Stephen King fade in on that most persistent summer SOUND : cricket in high grass -- ree-ree-ree-ree ... this in dark which slowly dissolves to : ext . a grave marker summer day it 's a plywood cross lean aslant . written on the crossarm in black paint which have fade : smucky he be obedient . the letter be fade . they be also straggling and ill-formed -- the work of a child . MAIN title begin . ext . another grave marker a child 's printing again , this time on a chunk of warpe crate : biffer biffer a helluva sniffer until he died he made US richer 1971-1974 . MAIN title continue ext . two marker I think all this shot be lap dissolves . all be silence but for the cricket and the wind stir the grass . around the marker themselves , the grass have be clipped short , and by some marker there be flower in cheap vase . crisco can , skippy peanut butter jar , etc . this two marker : in memory of marta our pet rabit dyed MARCH 1 , 1965 ( on a wide flat board ) and gen patton ( our ! good ! dog ! ) april 1958 ( another board ) . MAIN title continue ext . five or six marker we can not read all of they ; some be too fade ( or the " gravestone " themselves too degenerate ) , but we can see now that this woodland clear 's a rather eerie -- and well - populate -- animal graveyard . we can see : polynesia , 1953 and hannah the best dog that ever live . hannah be tombstone be part of a old chevrolet hood , painstakingly hammer flat . MAIN title continue . ext . angle on the pet sematary from here we can see most of the clear , which be surround by forest pine . we can see that the grave -- maybe 80 in all -- be arrange in rough concentric circle . on the far side of this clear be the end of a path which spill into this graveyard clear . the end of the path be flanke by wooden pole which hold up a crude arch . we can see no write on this side -- the word on the arch face that arrive along the path . MAIN title continue ext . the arch , from the path side , cu MAIN title conclude . written on the arch in fade black paint be the work of some long - go child : pet sematary . the camera hold on this for a moment or two , then pan slowly down to look through the arch . from this angle we be look across to a deadfall - - a tangle of weather - whiten old dead branch at the back of the graveyard . it 's maybe twenty - five foot from side to side and about nine foot high . at either end be thick tangles of underbrush that look impassible . as MAIN title conclude , the camera move slowly in on the deadfall . and as it do , we realize that there be a horrible snarling face in that branch . be this a accident ? coincidence ? we imagination ? perhaps the audience will wonder . the camera hold on it and then we dissolve to : black . and a white title card : moving day . ext . a house in the country evening SOUND of cricket : ree-ree-ree-ree ... to the leave of this house : a big empty field . behind it : the wood . before it : a wide two - lane road . the house be a pleasant two -story New England dwelling with a shed / garage attach . in front of it be a sign which read quinn realtors 292 hammond STREET , bangor . a big sold strip , like a bumper sticker , have be plaster across it diagonally . growing SOUND : the rumble of a truck . a big , big truck . it belt between the camera and the house -- a tanker truck with a silver body and the word orinco write on the side in blue letter . its short -stack be blow quantity of dark brown smoke . behind it come a Ford wagon , which slow , signal , and turn into the driveway of the house we have be look at . ext . rear of the wagon as louis creed bring it to a stop we get a good look at the license plate ( Illinois ) and a bumper sticker ( have you hugged you M.D. today ? ) the engine SOUND stop . for a moment or two we hear only the ree- ree-ree- ree of cricket . then : ellie creed ( voice ) be this we new house , daddy ? louis creed ( voice ) this be it . ext . the wagon , a new angle the two front door and one back door open . louis creed , about 32 , get out from the driver 's side . rachel creed , he wife , get out from the passenger side . from the rear door come ellie creed , a girl of 6 . they be stare , fascinate , at the house . they come together , the three of they , by the front of the wagon , still stare at the house . louis be clearly nervous . louis so ... what do you think ? rachel begin to smile . she turn to louis and hug he . rachel it 's gorgeous ! ellie be I really gonna have my own room ? louis yes . ellie yaay ! she look toward the side lawn and see a tire on a rope hang down from the bough of a tree . ellie ( to rachel ) be that a swing ? rachel yes , but the rope might be -- ellie yaay ! she go run toward it . rachel give louis a tired smile . louis let she go . it 's cool . rachel Louis , the house be beautiful . they kiss -- gently at first , then more passionately . as he draw she more tightly against he , a baby -- gage -- begin to cry from the car . louis and rachel break the clinch . rachel the master of disaster awake . this SOUND be join by the unhappy yowling of a pent - up tomcat . louis and buckaroo banzai . rachel come on -- let 's parole them . they walk to the car , rachel go to one of the back seat door , louis to the rear of the wagon . int . the front seat , with rahel and gage gage be sit in he car seat , not exactly cry but certainly yell to be let out . the seat , dash , and floorboard be litter with roadmap , soda can , Big Mac box , and similar crud . this folk have drive all the way from Chicago to Maine in this station wagon , and the wagon look it . rachel decide to wake up and see what home look like , huh ? she begin to unbuckle the strap and harness . gage be just wear a t-shirt and a diaper . he 's fifteen month old . ext . the rear of the wagon , with louis he open the doorgate and lift out a cat carrier . we see a big tomcat inside -- mostly what we be aware of be shine green eye . ellie ( voice ) daddy ! mommy ! I see a path ! louis , cat carrier still in hand , turn toward : ext . ellie in the tire swing she 's get it pendulume back and forth in long wide arc . ext . the view up toward the wood , ellie' Pov we see the field , and a clearly mark and mown path lead up its flank and into the dark wood . the camera dip and pendulum as ellie swing . ext . rachel and gage ( front of the car ) rachel ( irritate ) not so high , ellie ! you do not know how strong that rope be . she put gage down . he totter a bit on he little leg and then stand there , look at he sister . ext . the rope and the branch , cu the bark have rubbed off the branch -- it look like a bone peeping through decaye flesh . the rope be old , discolor . and it be fray away as we look at it . soon ellie , like Humpty dumpty , be go to have a great fall . ext . louis ( rear of the car ) he 's set the cat-carrier down and be straighten up . ellie ( raptuous voice ) wheee ! louis ellie , you hear you m--- his eye widen . ext . ellie ellie wh -- SOUND : a heavy twang ! as the rope break . the tire swing -- with ellie still inside it -- go crash to the grass . ellie scream and begin to cry -- a little hurt and a lot surprised . louis and rachel run to she . louis rachel ellie ! be you all right ? honey ? be you okay ? ext . ellie , rachel , louis , a closer shot ellie be parent reach the tangle of tire , rope , and six - year - old girl . ellie hurrt ! it hurrrrt ! louis anyone who can scream that loud be not ready for intensive care just yet -- look like she just skinned she knee . nevertheless , he begin to rapidly disentangle he daughter from the tire . rachel help . ext . gage he 's stand in the driveway by the front of the car , utterly forget in the heat of the moment . his diaper be sagging quite a bit ; the boy need a change . he stare toward the scene of the accident for a bit , then lose interest . camera follows as he walk down the side of the station wagon , little bare foot slapping on the asphalt . he stop for a moment at the back , look at the cat-carrier , which louis never get around to open . church be stare hopefully out through the mesh . gage hi-durch ! church waow ! gage bend down and try to open the cat-carrier 's door . no soap . either he can not solve the latch or he finger do not have the strength . anyway , he stop try after a moment . SOUND : grow thunder of a approach truck - a big one . ext . the road ( gage' Pov ) a big tanker truck -- silver body , orinco write on the side in blue letter -- blast by . ext . gage , by the cat carrier the windlash if the pass truck blow gage' hair back from he forehead . we should be scared here -- not by the truck , but by gage be lack of fear . he 's smile , happy . gage druck ! he start down the driveway toward the road . ext . louis , rachel , ellie ( at the swing ) ellie have be disentangled from the swing . she 's sit by the wreckage at the end of the driveway , weep hysterically ( as much from tiredness as from pain , I think ) as louis and rachel examine she scrape knee . the wound do not look too serious . louis ( to rachel ) would you get the first aid kit ? ellie ( scream ) not the stingy stuff ! I do not want the stingy stuff , daddy ! rachel suddenly look around toward : ext . the front of the wagon ( rachel be Pov ) no one there . ext . rachel , ellie , louis , by the swing rachel gage 's go ! louis Jesus , the road ! they get up together . ext . gage , at the edge of the road a truck be come . a great big one . ext . angle on the truck , cu the grille look like a tombstone that 's learn how to snarl . ext . gage he take a step into the road ... and then big , gnarled hand grab he . gage look rather surprised at this , but not worried -- this kid be use to be pick up and treat humanely . to gage stranger be as interesting as ... well , as interesting as orinco truck . ext . gage and jud crandall the fellow who have pick gage up be a man of about eighty in old blue jeans , a fade Bruce springsteen t-shirt . over this he wear a fade khaki vest with bright silver button . his face be deeply wrinkle and kindly . jud crandall ( to gage ) no you do not , my friend -- not in that road . but he soften this with a grin . gage grin back at he . gage druck ! jud ( low ) no shit , sherlock . jud carry he up the driveway to the station wagon . here he 's join by louis and rachel , out of breath and really scared . ellie bring up the rear . she 's still sniffle . rachel gage ! jud ( hand he to she ) he be head for the road , look like . I corral he for you , missus . rachel thank you . thank you so much . louis yes -- thanks . I be Louis creed . he stick out he hand and jud shake it . louis take it easy -- no crush jayce grip , or anything like that -- the old guy look as if he might have arthritis . jud jud crandall . I live just across the road . rachel I be Rachel . thanks again for save the wander minstrel boy , here . jud no harm , no foul . but you want to watch out for that road . that damn truck go back and forth all day and most of the night . he lean over toward ellie . jud who might you be , little miss ? ellie I be ellen creed and I live at 642 alden Lane , dearborn , Michigan . ( pause ) at least , I use to . jud and now you live on Route 9 in ludlow , and you dad 's gonna be the new doctor up to the college , I hear , and I think you be go to be just as happy as a clam here , ellen creed . ellie ( to louis ) be clam really happy ? they all laugh -- even gage . rachel Excuse I , Mr. crandall -- I have get to change this kid . it 's nice to meet you . jud same here . come over and visit when you get the chance . as rachel , carry gage , move away : ellie ( worry ) daddy , do I really have to have the stingy stuff ? louis no- I guess not . ellie yayyy ! she go belting off . jud ( amused ) I guess you daughter there be not go to die after all . louis ( also amused ) I guess not . jud House have stand empty for too long . it 's damn good to see people in it again . SOUND : a truck engine , gear down . ext . a moving van it blink and come lumber into the creed 's driveway . ext . louis and jud louis hey -- they actually find the place ! jud movin ' in 's mighty thirsty work . I usually sit out on my porch of a evening and pour a couple of beer over m'dinner . come on over and join I , if you want . louis well , maybe I ---- rachel ( voice ) Louis , what 's this ? ext . rachel and gage gage have be change , and rachel be follow he as he explore the nearest edge of the new homestead . they be fairly close to the wreckage of the tire swing , and here be the head of the path ellie have already glimpse . ext . louis and jud they cross to the van . the first and second mover be just climb out of the van . first mover you Mr. creed ? louis yes . just a second . ext . rachel and gage , at the head of the path she 's hold gage on she hip now , and both of they be look at that strange ( and oddly entice ) path which disappear into the deepen twilight . louis and jud join they . louis the mover -- rachel yes -- I know . this path , Louis ? where do it go ? louis I do not have the slight idea . when I see the house , this field be under four foot of snow . rachel ( smile ) I bet Mr. crandall know ! jud nod . he smile , too , but underneath the smile we sense that he be serious . jud oh , ayuh ! I know . it 's a good story , and a good walk , too . I will take you up there sometime , and tell you the story , too -- after you get settle in . he smile at they and they smile back -- it be a look of understanding and real like , in spite of the age difference between the creed and jud . ext . the creed house night SOUND : cricket . ree--ree--ree-ree ... there 's one light upstairs , one downstairs . perhaps we see the path , glimmer away into the field ? either by virtue of it be mown , or by virtue of some gentle optical trick ? maybe . int . the live room night there 's a light on in the kitchen , but it just cast a dim glow in here . the room have a fireplace and a lovely wooden floor . it 's go to be nice , but now it 's just a big bare box with mover ' carton stack all over the place . louis be drink a can of pepsi , and he look pretty damned tired -- anyone who 's ever move house and can remember the first night in the new place will understand . he finish the last of the pepsi and survey the live room . he sit on one of the bigger box , take cigarettes from he pocket , and light one . he drop the spend match in the empty can , and tap into the can during the scene . SOUND : foot come down the stair . the door on the far side of the room open and rachel come in , wear a nightgown . rachel ( crossing to louis ) kid be asleep , doc . louis great . he hug she . she hug he back warmly -- for a moment they be just two good people in all the big darkness of they new house . rachel you be not really go over to have a beer with that old guy , be you ? louis well , I have get a million question about the area , and --- rachel --- and you will end up do a free consultation on he arthritis or urinary problem and --- louis do you see he shirt ? rachel ( giggle ) sure . Bruce springsteen . louis I really do have a million question about the area ... but the thing I be really curious about be how come this octogenarian yankee be decorate the slump remain of he pecs with the boss . she laugh . ext . the path of the crandall house night pervasive SOUND of the cricket as louis come rather hesitantly up the crazy - paved path from the road 's edge . jud ( voice ) that you , doc ? ext . the screened -in porch of the crandall house we hear the squeak of a rocker ; we see the dim red fitful glow of jud be pall mall . we see by its glow that he be wear walkman earphone . ext . louis louis it 's I . int . the porch , with jud the walkman be in he lap . he switch it off and put the headphone casually around he neck , like a kid . jud well , come on up and have a beer . int . the porch , a slightly wider shot louis come on up . jud have get a pail of ice beside he chair with some can of beer in it . he open one and hand it to louis . jud you need a glass ? louis not at all . jud good for you . louis drink half the can at a draught . louis God , that 's fine . jud ai not it just ? the man who invent beer , Louis , that man be have a prime day for himself . louis what be you listen to ? jud allman Brothers . louis what ? jud the eat a Peach album . God , they be good before drug and bad luck catch up with they . listen to this , Louis . he pass the headphone over . louis put they on . jud press the walkman 's play button . SOUND : ramblin ' man blast we out of we seat . louis wince and rake the spidery earphone off he head . jud I be sorry . wait . he turn it down . jud try that . louis put the earphone back on and listen for a few moment . it 's the instrumental break . Gregg and duane allman dueling hot fender . louis take the earphone off . louis Nice . jud I like rock and roll . no ... I guess that 's too mild . I love it . since my ear start to die out on I , it 's the only music I can really hear . and since my wife die ... I dunno , some - time a little rock and roll fill up night . not always , but sometimes . ( pause ) one more time -- welcome to ludlow . hope you time here will be a happy one . louis ( great sincerity ) thank you , Mr. crandall . he drink again -- they both do . there 's a moment of companionable silence here , break by the SOUND of a big truck . they look toward : ext / int . the road ( through the porch screen ) one of that big tanker truck go rumbling by -- now there be little amber run light on top of it . it 's go fast , too -- sweep by in a blast of air . int . the porch , with louis and jud louis ( wince ) Jesus ! jud ( light a cigarette ) that 's one mean road , all right -- you remember that path you wife comment on ? louis the one that go into the wood -- sure . jud that road -- and that orinco truck -- be the two main reason it 's there . louis what 's at the end of it ? jud ( smile ) another day -- after you get settle in a bit . meantime , doc --- here jud raise he glass in a toast . jud ( continue ) here 's to you bone . louis clink he glass against jud be . louis and yours . they drink . ext . route 9 night louis cross from the crandall side to he own , and the camera follows as he walk slowly up the driveway and past the wagon . he pause for a moment , look thoughtfully -- hopefully - - at he new house . then something -- the cry of a owl , perhaps -- draw he attention the other way ... toward the path . he walk to its head and stand look out at it -- it glimmer in a wide cut swath that 's a bit ghostly in the dark . a shape suddenly lurch out of the high grass at he , and louis recoil with a startle , muffle cry . ext . church the cat , sure ; who -- or what -- else ? we see he big green eye in the dark as he cry he strange feline hello : waow ! ext . louis and church , at the head of the path louis Church ! God , you scared the life out of I ! church waow ! louis bend and pick up the cat . as he do , that truck SOUND come again and he look toward : ext . the road , louis' Pov another orinco tanker drone by , fast . ext . louis and church louis ( to the cat ) I know one thing that will keep you home , good buddy . he start toward the house . black . and in that blackness , we see a second title card : the dead speak . int . a kitchen blackboard , cu day written on it be : monday 1 . ) church spayed 10 a.m. quentin jolander , d.v.m . and below , in even bigger letter : 2 . ) ellie' first day of school !! the camera pan left , show we the kitchen . there be still a few cardboard carton around , but the place be get in shape . we look out the window and see the creed , lead by jud crandall , climb the path toward the wood . louis have get gage in a gerrypak . ext . at the top of the hill , with creed and jud they be also at the edge of the wood . jud stop and let they catch up . jud take a look behind you . they turn around , and they face express they wonder . louis my God ! rachel it 's beautiful ! ext . the view it be indeed beautiful . the creed house be in the f.g. , Route 9 just behind it ( with one of the ever - present orinco truck dron along ) , but behind that be the great sweep of the penobscot river valley , doze under a fall sky of clear blue . ext . at the top of the hill , with jud and the creed jud you folk ready to go on ? louis sure . ellie but where be we go , Mr. crandall ? jud you will see soon enough , hon . they go into the wood , still follow the path . ext . forest day this be old wood indeed -- huge trunk with dusty sunlight shafting through they . it look as though man have never make he mark here . the camera pan slowly down to they , on the path . here it be carpete with pine needle , but it be just as clearly mark . jud stop . louis look glad of the rest ; he 's sweat and there be wide dark patch under he arm where the gerrypak 's strap be . louis who own the wood up ahead ? Paper company ? jud nope . the micmac Indians . what 's up ahead be all that 's leave of they tribal land . ellie ( giggle ) micmac , ricmac , kickmac , sickmac . jud ( smile ) ayuh , it 's a funny word , be not it ? you tired of totin ' that yowwen yet , doc ? louis not yet ... how much further be it ? jud aw , you will be okay . less than a mile . he start off again , fresh as a daisy . ellie scamper after he . louis roll he eye at he wife and rachel roll hers back . then they press on . ext . the arch reading pet sematary ext . jud and the creed , on the path jud ( stop ) this be the place , honey . ellie be of course second . se try to read the word on the arch but can not . she whip around to look at she mother . ellie what 's it say , mommy ? a strange expression have come over rachel be face -- she do not like this . not a bit . rachel it say Pet Cemetery , hon . it 's misspel , but ... that 's what it say . she run for the arch . rachel start ; look more uneasy than ever . rachel ellen --! ext . ellie she 's almost under the arch . she look back , question . ext . rachel , louis , jud rachel ( a bit lame ) be careful . ext . ellie she go racing into the Pet sematary . ext . rachel , louis , jud jud light a cigarette with a wooden match , use he thumbnail . jud I tell you it be a bad road , Louis - - it 's kill a lot of pet and make a lot of kid unhappy . but at least something good come of it . this place . ellie ( excited voice ) Mom ! dad ! y'oughtta see it ! ext . ellie , at the edge of the sematary she survey the rude marker with puzzle delight , then run toward the center , pause to investigate some of the marker as she go . we clearly see the symmetrical pattern of ring . ext . rachel , louis , jud they be walk slowly toward that rude archway . louis be extremely interested in all this , but it 's become clearer and clearer that rachel be troubled . they stop and look in . rachel how can you call it a good thing ? a graveyard for pet kill in the road ! built and maintain by break - heart child ! jud well , but missus creed ! it be not quite that way , deah ! louis I think it 's rather extraordinary . rachel extraordinarily morbid , maybe . she 's grow more and more upset . jud look at she curiously . jud well ... they have to learn about death somehow , now do not they , missus creed ? the little one ? rachel ( coldly ) why ? jud well ... well , because -- ellie ( voice ) mommy ! daddy ! look at I ! ext . ellie , on the deadfall she have begin to climb it , and this look like a extremely dangerous proposition . ellie , however , be have the time of she life . a branch break under one of she foot and she switch nimbly to the next one up . ext . the grownup , at the arch jud ( alarmed ) no , honey ! you do not want to go climb on that ! come on down ! he hurry in . ext . eliie , on the deadfall she look back at jud . ellie it 's okay , Mr. crandall -- ext . ellie' foot , cu the branch she 's on break with a dry crrrack . her foot drop down suddenly . ext . ellie and jud she totter backward , pinwheel she arm , and jud catch she as she fall . not much of a catch because she be not too far up . louis join jud and ellie . gage jounce along on he back . louis have you get a death - wish , ellen ? ellie well , I think it be safe -- jud best never to go climb on old blowdown like this , ellie - - sometimes they bite . ellie bite ? jud ayuh . ext . rachel , stand at the arch her discomfort make one thing very clear -- she do not want to come in . rachel ( call ) be she all right , Louis ? ext . louis , jud , ellie louis ( call back ) Fine ! come and see ! ext . rachel , stand at the arch rachel ( call ) I think I will sit this one out , doc . ext . louis , jud , ellie -- by the deadfall ellie I want to look around , daddy -- may I ? louis for a little while . jud look toward : ext . rachel at the arch ( ellen in f.g . ) rachel have retreat a bit . she sit on the pine needle carpet of the path , open she purse , and draw out cigarettes . ext . louis and jud jud look at louis as if to say " what 's all this about ? " louis look away . ellie ( voice ) dad ! daddy ! look ! a goldfishie ! ext . ellie she run from one tombstone to the next , cheerful as maybe only a kid could be in such a place . she look at biffer be tombstone ; at smucky be . ext . louis and jud they be walk slowly toward she . louis be look at the tombstone . louis I can hardly read this . jud ayuh -- they get older as you go toward the middle . ( point ) Pete lavasseur 's dog be bury there ... ( point ) the stoppard boy ' racing pigeon that missus cowley 's cat get ... and I think that 's the cat himself right there , although it 's be so many year I can not tell for sure . ( call ) missy ellen ! come over here just a minute ! ext . ellen she run amid the tombstone -- they have work they way near to the center and there be quite a few of they -- and join the adult . jud I see you be quite a reader for such a little girl . can you read that ? he point again , and ellen go over for a look -see . ext . ellen , at the grave marker it be a small slate marker slant to one side . ellen read the word laboriously , trace they with she finger . ellen " Spot a good fellow we love you boy . " ( pause ) " own by judson ... judson ... " gee , I can not read the rest . ext . jud and louis jud last name 's crandall , little missy . louis look at he sharply as ellie rejoin they . jud that 's where I bury my dog Spot when he die of old age in 19 and 14 . dug it good and deep . by the time I finish , I have blister all over my hand and a hell of a crick in my back . soil 's stony up here . ellie look awed . louis look a little awed , too . jud sweep a hand around , indicate the whole sematary , but be still look at ellen . jud do you know what this place be , ellie ? oh , I know you know it 's a boneyard , but a bone be not nothing and even a whole pile of them do not amount to much . do you know what a graveyard really be ? ellie well ... I guess not . jud it 's a place where the dead speak , missy . he see she startle , uneasy expression and laugh . he ruffle she hair reassuringly . jud no -- not right out loud . they stone speak ... or they marker . even if the marker be not nothing but a tin can someone write on with a Magic marker , it speak . ai not that so , Louis ? louis I think it be so , ellie . ellie what if you can not read what 's write on there anymore ? jud well , it still say some animal get laid down here after , do not it ? ellie yes -- louis and that someone care enough about that animal to mark the spot . ellie to remember . jud ( smile ) yes . to remember . this be not a scary place , ellie . it 's a place of rest and speak . can you remember that ? ellie ( a little awed ) yes , sir . they start to walk slowly back toward the arch . ext . rachel , outside the arch it 's clear she 's impatient and out - of - sort with the whole thing . rachel ( call ) Louis , can we go ? I be tired ! ext . louis , ellie , jud ellie mommy ! this be a place where dead animal talk ! Mr. crandall say so ! ext . rachel and ellie but rachel be not amused . she do not like any of this . rachel ( soft ) do he . ext . louis and jud louis my wife be not crazy about cemetery of any kind . as you may have notice . jud I neither . but I believe in know you enemy . louis look at he , startle , then decide this be a joke . he laugh . jud smile , a trifle thinly . ext . the arch , a new angle the man rejoin rachel and ellie . louis ( voice ) do we take too long ? rachel ( curt ) well , if supper 's burn , I be not the one go out for pizza . they move away . ext . the deadfall , from the arch the face we see at the beginning of the movie be not there when the visitor be there ... but it 's sure there now , leer at we . int . the kitchen trash can night there be two greasy box poke out with napoli pizza stamp on they . guess dinner be burn . the camera pull back and we se louis sit at the kitchen table . the table be cover with newspaper . on it , louis be put together a complicated model boat , use glue and tweezers . he 's wear glass . ellie come in , wear a nightgown . she watch he for awhile . louis ( not look around ) hi , babe . ellie daddy , that Pet sematary be there because of the road , be not it ? louis look around at she , surprised . ellie that 's what I think . I hear missy dandridge tell Mom when Church be fix he would not cross the road so much . louis well , it 's always better to take precaution -- but I be sure Church will be all right , honey ... int . just outside the kitchen door rachel be come along with some dirty dish . she hear voice and stop , listen , she face troubled and afraid . ellie ( voice ) no he will not ! not in the end ! he will not be all right in the end no matter how you fix 'im ! int . louis and ellie Ellis have start to cry . ellie in the end he 's gonna croak , be not he ? louis lovey ... Church might be still alive when you be in a high school ... and that 's a very long time . ellie it do not seem long to I . it seem short . I think the whole thing about pet die s-s-suck ! poor kid 's bawling she eye out now . louis fold she into he arm and she hug he tightly , want he comfort . louis if it be up to I I would let Church live to be a hundred ... but I do not make up the rule . ellie ( muffle ) well who do ? God , I suppose . but he 's not God 's cat ! he 's my cat ! let God get his own , if he want one ! not mine ! not mine ! not -- she break down completely , sobbing , and louis rock she back and forth . int . the hallway outside the kitchen , with rachel she be cry silently . int . ellie' bedroom night she be a dimly perceive hump in the darkness . a oblong shaft of light fall on she , illuminate she more clearly . she 's asleep with she teddy encircle by one arm and she thumb cork into she mouth . int . the doorway , with rachel rachel look at she daughter with infinite love and then quietly close the door . int . louis' and rachel's bedroom night louis be in he pajamas , propped up on pillow on he side of the bed . there a number of medical book scattered around he and he 's make note from one as rachel come in . rachel she 's finally asleep . louis she be a little over - excited , that 's all . poor kid . rachel it be that place . that creepy cemetery up in the wood . whatever disease the kid in this town have get , I do not want ellie to catch it . louis Jesus , Rachel , what 's get into you ? rachel do you think I do not hear she tonight , cry as if she heart would break ? here she be think Church be go to die . it should be clear to we by now that , despite she word , rachel be much more upset than ellie be . louis slowly put he notebook aside and cap he pen . louis Rachel ... someday Church be go to die . rachel ( whirl on he ) that be hardly the point ! Church be not go to die today , or tomorrow -- never mind . I can see you do not have the slight idea what I be talk about . she stalk to the bathroom , which adjoin . louis follow . she go in and slam the door . he go for the knob . louis Rachel --! SOUND : click of the lock . louis stare at the door , bewilder and upset . ext . route 9 night here come a big orinco truck , dron along , headlight glaring . int . louis' and rachel's bedroom the headlight of the truck illuminate the room and we see louis and rachel asleep , each as far over to he / she own side as he / she can get , with a big empty space in the middle . light and truck sound slowly fade . int . gage morning cheerful little clot of scramble egg be scattered all the way across the tray of he high - chair -- it look a little like a map of the Pacific island do by a guy who only have a yellow crayon . now he scoops up a handful and throw they . int . the kitchen table , with ellie splat ! egg on the serve plate of toast . ellie yee -uck ! Gross ! int . the kitchen , a wider shot rachel be at the sink , do dish ( we see the blackboard with its message near she ) . louis come in , wear a sport - coat and slack , ready for he first day on the job ... and ellie be in a pretty first day of school dress . louis he can not help it , babe . Emily Post be go to be beyond he for a few year . int . by the kitchen door here be the cat-carrier with church inside it . he waow unhappily . int . the kitchen table , with ellie and gage ellie get down and go across to the cat-carrier . ellie I do not want he to get he nut cut , daddy ! what if he die ? int . rachel and louis , by the sink louis look shocked and amused by ellie be colorful choice of word . louis good God ! where would you hear that ? int . ellie ellie missy dandridge . and she say it 's a operation ! int . rachel and louis , by the sink louis try to kiss rachel be mouth . she turn she head slightly so he get she cheek instead . she 's still mad . louis be amusement die . rachel honey , Church will be fine . int . ellie , by the cat carrier ellie but what if he die and have to go to the Pet sematary ? int . louis and rachel , by the sink she give he a look as if to say : " there ! now do you understand what you do ? " rachel do not be silly . Church be not go to die . louis accord to what Mr. crandall say , the road 's a lot more dangerous than the operation . Church will be just the same . well -- almost the same -- and we will not have to worry about he get turn into catburger by one of that damn orinco truck . at this rachel tighten up still more in that funny way -- she 's actually angere by louis be reference to catburger -- but under the anger we sense she be deeply shocked , as a prudish woman might be shocked by a dirty joke . for rachel , that 's just what death be . rachel that 's enough of that kind of talk ! louis I just say -- rachel I know what you just say . ellie , clear you place . ellie go slowly back to the table . ellie ( set the plate down ) I be scared . what if school here be not like in Chicago ! I be scared and I want to go h-h-home ! ellie burst into loud tear and put she hand over she face . int . the kitchen , a new angle ( feature louis and rachel ) the camera follows as they go to the table to comfort ellie . rachel you will be fine , ellie . now you can be excuse . go and wash you face . louis and Church will be fine . ellie ( anxious ) do you promise , daddy ? louis well , honey ... you know that ... rachel do not shilly - shally , Louis . give the little girl she promise . louis ( reluctantly ) Church will be fine . I promise . ellie yayyyy ! she run off , cheer up . and rachel be cheer up , too . rachel thank you , Louis . louis oh , you be welcome . only if some - thing should go wrong while he 's under the gas - - it 's a one - in - a- thousand shot , but it happen -- you explain to she . he get up and leave the table . she look after he , stunne and a little frighten . int . gage gage ( conversationally ) here , durch ! he pick up a large glob of scramble egg from he tray and throw it in the direction of the cat-carrier . int . the cat -carrier church be close to the mesh , look out . scramble egg hit the mesh , drive he back , surprised . ext . the creed house morning the school bus pull up , red light flash . ellie run toward it across the lawn , with she lunch - box . ext . louis , rachel , and gage , in the front doorway rachel have a great day ! louis grab gage' hand and make he wave it . gage bye-bye ! ext . the bus ellie climb aboard . the red flasher go out and the bus pull away . ext . the creed driveway morning the station wagon be park there . louis come out with a heavy briefcase in one hand and the cat-carrier in the other . he open the wagon 's doorgate . a small car turn into the creed driveway and park beside louis . a rather sour-look middle - age woman get out and cross the front of she car . her color be bad . this be missy dandridge . she look at the cat-carrier . missy gonna get he -- louis -- nut cut , yes . thank you , missy , for introduce that colorful phrase into my daughter 's vocabulary . missy do not mention it . she open the passenger side door of she car and we see a big neat pile of fold sheet . she reach for they , then wince and press she hand against she midriff for a moment , as if with a attack of indigestion . louis ( see this ) how 's that belly - ache of yours ? missy ( get the sheet ) no better and no worse . louis you ought to see a doctor about it . missy it will pass . they always do . she start toward the house with the sheet . ext . the side yard morning rachel hurry past missy , who turn to look and then go on into the house . louis have just put the cat-carrier into the back of the wagon and close the doorgate as rachel reach he . rachel ( anxious ) still friend , doc ? louis appear to consider this seriously for a moment ... and then he smile and hug she . they kiss . rachel thank God . I be a little worried there . have a great first day at school , doc . no break bone . louis ( smile ) not so much as a sprain . ext . victor pascow and friend morning pascow be in a blanket that be be carry by three boy and one girl . they be all yell at each other not to joggle he , not to drop he . a small knot of horrify college kid move with the bearer . pascow be head be upside down to the camera , which retreat ahead of the advance student . fix eye stare . half of he head have be shattered inward . before the catastrophe he be a husky male of about twenty . he 's dress in a U of m muscle shirt and red jogging short . the camera pull jerkily to one side , allow the bearer to mount the step of a brick building . the infirmary . the looker - on break to either side . the infirmary door open . ext .. nurse charlton , at the door she 's the head nurse , a tough old babe of about fifty . charlton Holy jesus. ( turn ) Steve ! Steve ! Dr. creed ! Dr. creed , we have get a mess here ! stat ! the bearer sweep past she and inside , leave a red smear of blood across the midriff of marcy charlton be uniform . int . the infirmary reception area the camera will show we all we need to see , but its movement will seem almost random ; this be like be in the hotel kitchen after sirhan shot Bobby . as the student bring in pascow , louis come run , follow by steve masterton , he p.a. stand to one side be two student nurse in candystriper uniform . they be boggle and horrify . louis kneel . the camera rush forward , shove between onlooker . louis look at the wound . there 's shattered bone and pulsing brain tissue beneath . there 's a scream ; the girl who be carry one corner of the blanket be have hysterics . girl vic! vic! oh Christ ! Vic ! louis ( to charlton ) get she out . get they all out . charlton put she arm around the girl . girl ( struggle ) no ! no ! he can not die ! he can not die ! the camera move back down as louis take a opthalmascope from steve and shine it in pascow be bulg , fix eye . charlton be just push the last of they gawker and bearer out the door . louis Steve , get the ambulance over here right now . he 's get to go to emmc . steve the ambulance be at sonny 's sunoco downtown , get -- louis -- a new muffler , oh shit -- pascow make a weird gargle noise . blood suddenly spurt out of he mouth . he begin to seizure . one of the candystriper shriek . the camera jerk up to cover the student nurse . one turn and throw up on the wall . charlton rush over . candystriper I can not look at it ... I can not stand it ... charlton ( slap she ) yes you by God can . go get the hard stretcher ! as they start away , one help the other down the hall , and as charlton start over to where pascow lie die on he blanket , the camera drop to louis and steve . louis help I hold he . they hold pascow be spasming body . steve it would not matter if we do have the ambulance . louis it would not matter if we have the sst . pascow begin to quiet . louis he 's go . Steve , go call the motor - pool . marcy , roll out the crash wagon . charlton it will not -- louis I know it will not ! but let 's for God 's sake do it by the rule ! she leave . louis be alone with pascow . charlton have draw the drape , so the doctor and the die man have complete if temporary privacy . int . louis and pascow , a closer shot lois there be not even suppose to be a sprain today , my friend -- that 's what I tell she . pascow be fix eye suddenly roll and he leave hand bear- trap louis be right wrist . the die man pull he slowly but relentlessly down , until they face be only inch apart . pascow ... Pet sematary ... louis recoil , break the grip of the hand ... but he cannot quite snap the grip of that bright die eye . blood leak from pascow be mouth . louis ( whisper ) w- what do you say ...? pascow struggle hard to speak again . at first he can only gurgle . pascow it 's not the real cemetery ... ( Long pause ) the soil of a man 's heart be stonier , Louis ... a man grow what he can ... and tend it . louis lean forward again , terrify , yet need to know . louis how do you know my name ? pascow ( gurgle ) I will come ... to you . louis grab pascow be bloody shoulder . louis ( low but urgent ) dammit , how do you know my name ? int . hallway entrance to reception , with steve steve Louis , they be send a-- int . louis and pascow pascow begin to spasm again . louis ( snap ) help I ! pascow spew more blood as steve kneel beside louis . int . the MAIN infirmary hallway charlton be push along you basic medcu goodie-cart , cover with emergency life -save gear . int . louis , steve , pascow pascow be spasm be weaken . louis ( to charlton ) never mind . he 's go . pascow be hand come up and paw at louis be shirt , leave a bloody handprint . then it fall limply back . pascow be dead . louis Steve , will you get a sheet to cover he with ? steve leave the frame and louis stare fixedly down at the body of victor pascow . he close the eye . ext . a country road , late afternoon it 's the lead edge of Maine fall , sunny and wonderful . here come louis be station wagon . as it reach the camera , it swivel to track . radio ( voice - over ) tragedy strike on the first day of the University of Maine 's fall semester when Victor pascow , a nineteen - year - old sophomore -- int . the car , with louis he still look shocked by the tragedy . the die man 's bloody handprint be partly visible on louis be shirt in spite of he sport-coat . louis abruptly turn off the radio and swerve over to the side of the road . ext . the station wagon it come to a slue , shudder stop , almost go in the ditch . int . louis , behind the wheel louis he say my name . I hear it . he say my name . he stare blankly through the windshield . ext . the creed house night all light be off . it 's late . int . the creed bedroom night louis and rachel be asleep , each on he / she own side of the big double . the camera move in on louis . SOUND : loud , hollow bang . it 's very loud -- loud enough to wake the dead . louis sit up . beside he , rachel sleep on . louis be eye widen in terror as he stare at : int . the doorway , with pascow he 's exquisitely dead . now pallid as well as smashed up . pascow come on , doc . we get place to go . int . louis he be in terror ... but he be also in a state of near-trance . int . pascow pascow come on , doc -- do not make I tell you twice . int . louis he glance at rachel . although pascow have speak in a fairly loud voice -- and the open door be like a bomb -- she 's still fast asleep . louis look back toward pascow ... and then get out of bed . he 's naked except for a pair of pajama bottom . int . pascow he turn and leave the doorway . int . louis he reach the bedroom doorway himself and look back at : int . the bed , louis' Pov rachel be sleep as before , and louis himself be also in bed asleep , although he rest be uneasy ... as if he 's have a bad dream . int . the doorway , with louis louis ( relieved ) oh. thank god. pascow ( Voice ) hurry up , doc . int . the kitchen louis enter and cross toward the door which give on the shed / garage . this door stand open . louis pause by it . pascow ( low ) come on , doc ... louis go into : int . the shed / garage the station wagon be a dark hulk . louis cross to it and stand , perplex . pascow loom softly behind he and put a arm around he . louis turn ... and suddenly he face be less than a inch from pascow be mutilate face . pascow let 's go , doc . louis ( moan ) I do not like this dream . pascow who say you be dream ? he begin to move toward the garage door . after a moment louis follow he . ext . the field behind the house , long night we can see two shape move up the path toward the wood -- pascow and , behind he , louis . ext . the pet sematary arch camera hold , then pan down as louis pass under the arch . ext . louis , close he look around , obviously afraid . ext . the pet sematary , louis' Pov we can see why . by starlight this be one scary place . ext . louis he suddenly see something else , and now he fear be close to terror . ext . the deadfall , louis' Pov the face be back in the tumble branch . it yawn and snarl . ext . louis he walk toward the deadfall as if hypnotize . pascow be hand fall on he shoulder . louis turn , terrify . ext . pascow , close he really be a dreadful mangle mess . pascow this be the place where the dead speak . ext . louis he close he eye . louis I want to wake up . I want to wake up , that 's all . I - - ext . louis and pascow pascow the door must not be open . the barrier must not be cross . do not go on , doc . no matter how much you feel you have to . there 's more power here than you know . he point at : ext . the deadfall that grin face -- and perhaps now there be other effect as well , subtle but there ? dim red light ? a misty smoke drift through the tumble dead branch ? the director will know . after a moment there be a huge grunting roar from the wood behind the deadfall -- it sound like no animal we have ever hear before . there be the sound of something huge shifting and snap a tree like a toothpick . ext . pascow and louis louis have crumble to pascow be foot . his eye be squeeze tightly shut . louis please , I want to wake up . leave I alone . it 's not my fault you die ; you be as good as dead when they bring you in -- pascow the power of this place be old and always restless . sometimes the dead do more than speak . remember , doc . camera begins moving slowly in on louis . louis leave I alone ! pascow remember . camera be tight on louis . radio ( voice ) -- another beautiful day in Maine ! this be Michael o'hara sayin ' that the git - go be not gonna be that bad . temps be go all the way up to 70 ... we get the ramone for ludlow ... here 's " sheena . " as the ramone start blast " sheena be a punk rocker " : int . louis , in bed his eye snap open . he 's in he own bedroom . as he sit up the camera angle widen out so we can see that he 's in bed alone ; the cover on rachel be side be throw back . after the initial confusion and fear , louis look deeply relieved ; he look the way I suppose we all look upon waking up and realize we worst dream be only dream after all . rachel ( call ) you up , doc ? louis get there . rachel I get egg down here ! louis good d-- he throw the cover back and freeze . int . louis' feet , louis' Pov they be cover with mud and pine needle . the sheet be grease with wood - muck . int . louis , cu utter terror . int . the laundry chute , cu louis be hand enter the shot and dump a bundle of sheet into the chute . int . louis , in the upstair hall he 's naked but for a towel around he waist . he 's obviously fresh from the shower . he start down to the bedroom to dress . black . and on it a third title card : church . over this the SOUND of a ringing telephone . louis ( voice ) hello ? int . the creed live room afternoon there 's a bowl match on tv . louis , dress in he Saturday afternoon grub ( jeans and a Maine sweatshirt ) , have the phone to he ear . jud crandall ( phone filter ) Louis ? ' fraid you may have a spot of trouble . louis ( frown ) jud ? what trouble ? int . the crandall live room , with jud he 's on the phone , look out he window . jud do you tell I Rachel take the kid back to Chicago for a few day ? int . the creed live room , with louis louis for ellie 's birthday , yes . I do not go because she old man think I be a shit and the feel be heartily be - ciprocate ... they will be back tomorrow night . jud , what 's this about ? int . the crandall live room , with jud jud well , there 's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn , Louis . I think it might be you daughter 's . int . the creed live room , with louis louis Church ? oh. oh , Jesus . ext . the crandall house , medium - long we be look across from the creed lawn . louis wait for one of that truck to go blast by and then cross . it 's cold and windy . down autumn leave fly . louis and jud stand over a small furry body like mourner . jud ( voice ) well ? ext . the cat' body it 's lie on its belly and do not look much damage . hand -- louis be -- come into the frame . he put one hand under the cat 's head and lift it so the open eye , now a dull green , stare into the camera . there 's some blood on its ruff . that 's all . ext . louis and jud , on the edge of the crandall lawn louis it 's Church . jud I be sorry . at least it do not look like he suffer . louis ellie will , though . she will suffer plenty . from he jacket pocket he take a green plastic garbage bag and hand it to jud . jud hold the bag 's mouth open on the ground while louis kind of shove the body in . during this : jud love that cat pretty well , do not she ? louis yes . louis twist the bag shut and put one of that plastic tie on it . then he hold it up . louis bag cat . what a mess . jud you go to bury he in the Pet sematary ? louis ( a little bitter ) I guess that 's what it 's there for , huh ? during all of this jud have grow peculiarly intense . jud go to tell ellie ? louis I do not know . jud seem like you tell I about a promise you make -- int . the creed kitchen morning gage be in he high chair . ellie , in she first - day - of - school dress , be in she place . louis be sit at he own place stare , hypnotize , at the middle of the table , where there be a large serve dish . on the dish be scramble egg , strip of bacon , and church be corpse -- stare eye , bloody ruff and all . rachel ( impatiently ) do not shilly - shally , Louis . give the little girl she promise . ext . the crandall lawn , with jud and louis louis ( defensive ) that be a mistake . but Rachel ... she do not like to talk about death , or even think of it . her young sister die of spinal meningitis when Rachel be eight . Rachel be there when it happen . alone . I guess you could say it make a complex . jud cat 's just as dead , Louis . louis ( snap ) well that 's a big help ! ( pause ) I be sorry , jud . jud no need to apologize . louis maybe when they call I will just tell ellie I have not see the damn cat around . you know ? jud ( after a long pause ) maybe there 's a better way . ext . the start of the path to the pet sematary , long evening louis and jud cross the road from the crandall side . louis be carry the plastic bag in one hand and a flashlight in the other . jud have a pick and shovel in one hand and a flashlight of he own in the other . even shadow have grow long . it 's maybe a hour until dark . jud and louis stop near the replace tire -sw . ext . louis and jud jud have a walkman clipped to the belt of he pants and earphone sling around he neck . louis jud , this be crazy . it 's go to be almost dark before we get back . jud it 's go to be dark before we even get where we be go , Louis . but we can do it ... and we be go to . louis but -- jud do she love the cat ? louis yes , but -- jud then come on . he put the earphone on , effectively forestalling further argument , and push the play button on the walkman . we can hear Marshall crenshaw sing " Crystal girl . " jud start away . after a moment , louis follow . ext . the pet sematary and the back of the arch late evening the SOUND of cricket ... ree-ree-ree ... the SOUND of footfalls . faintly , the SOUND of huey Lewis and the News , sing " work for a live . " it 's now almost twilight . jud and louis enter the Pet sematary . louis be look around curiously . louis well , folk , here we be , in Louis creed dreamland . jud snap off the walkman and put the earphone around he neck again . jud what say , Louis ? louis nothing . ( pause ) do we plant he on the outer circle or start a new one ? jud we be still not where we be go . he walk past louis and toward the deadfall . louis follow . louis what do you mean ? jud the place we be go be on the other side of that . he point at the deadfall . louis we can not climb over that . we will break we neck ! jud no . we will not . I have climb it a time or two before , and I know all the place to step . just follow I ... move easy ... do not look down ... and do not stop . if you stop , you will crash through for sure . louis I be not climb that . jud give I the cat . I will take care of it myself . he hold out he hand and louis see the old man mean exactly as he say . after a moment he say : louis let 's go . jud start up one side of the deadfall , and in spite of its snarl tangles , he mount as easily as a man climb a flight of stair . after a few second , louis follow . louis ( low ) thank God my Blue Cross be pay up . ext . there feet first jud be pass the camera , then louis be , partly obscure by the swinging cat-bag . they foot unerringly find the right branch and just as unerringly miss hole which look like ankle-breaker . ext . louis he 's grin , exhilated . louis God , this be amazing ! ext . jud there be bead of sweat on the old man 's face . he look both stern and a little scared . jud just do not stop and -- ext . louis he look down . ext . louis' feet a dead branch snap under one of they like a gunshot and that foot plunge down maybe six inch . ext . louis he lurch to the edge of balance , then regains it . louis and do not look down . right . he continue . ext . the deadfall , reverse twilight jud reach the top and start down the far side . louis reach the top . ext . louis louis ( amaze ) Holy ...! ext . big GOD wood , louis' Pov in the die glow of twilight , this should be a mystic , awe - inspiring shot . there 's no more scrub underbrush and junk pine and juniper - bracken here ; ancient fir rise almost like sequoias . the sunset light shaft among they . this be a real forest ... a old forest . and wind upward among the tree along that needle - carpete floor , clearly mark by large white stone , the path go on . ext . louis he 's stop on top of the deadfall , still surveying all this with frank amazement . ext . jud jud ( turn to look ) come on , Louis - - do not stop ! ext . louis , atop the deadfall louis ( grin ) I be all right ! I be f-- ext . louis' feet one of the branch snap . louis be foot plunge . his cuff rip . ext . louis , jud' Pov we be look up at a fairly steep angle as louis stagger off - balance . he step with he other foot , miss , and go fly . ext . louis , closer he do a half - somersault in the air and hit the deadfall on he back , the green garbage bag fly out of he hand . his flashlight also go . branch crack . White dust puff out from under he . ext . jud , at the base of the deadfall louis thump to the ground nearby . jud kneel beside he . jud Louis ! you all right ? louis sit up groggily . his pants be tear . his sweatshirt be tear . his ankle be bleed . louis ( daze ) sure . I guess I just lose my happy thought for a second there . louis get slowly up and retrieve the bag , which be rather shred now -- and we can see catfur through some of the rent . louis ( continue ) I should not have stop ... and it do bite . he whap the flashlight against he palm a time or two and the light come on . satisfied , he shut it off . jud no , you should not have stop . but you get away with it . important thing be be you sure you be all right ? louis yes . ( pause ) where be we go , jud ? jud you will see before long . let 's go . he start off up the path . after a moment louis follow , carry the bag . ext . louis and jud , from the deadfall again , there should be a sense of awe and mystery as they go toll up the path into the twilight , dwarf by that ancient fir . SOUND of cricket , low at first , then up to loud : ree-ree-ree ... dissolve to : ext . louis and jud , at the edge of little GOD swamp twilight lot of undergrowth here , and creep ground - mist , too . the SOUND of cricket be now only a part of the soundtrack : buzz of cicadas , thump of frog . swamp -sound . louis look frankly doubtful . jud this next bit 's like the deadfall , Louis - - you get to walk steady and easy . just follow I and do not look down . ext . little GOD swamp , louis' and jud' Pov deep twilight mysterious ...awesome ... scary . Dead tree poke out of the murk like twisted hand . there 's scummy water stand around tussock cover with long grass , most of it dead . there 's a lot of choke underbrush . all of this fade away into a grim , obscure fog . ext . louis and jud jud micmacs use to call it Little God swamp . louis be there quicksand ? jud ayuh . louis ( nervous ; joke ) be there ghost ? jud look at he expressionlessly . jud ayuh . jud start off , step to the first tussock . after a moment , louis follow . ext . jud , cu his face be set , strange . jud there 's a lot of funny thing down this way , Louis . ext . louis , behind jud louis you be tell I . ext . jud jud ( still walk ) the air 's heavier ... more electrical ... something . you might see St. elmo 's Fire ... what the sailor call ' foo-light . ' it make funny shape , but it 's nothing . ext . louis he look up and he eye widen as he see : ext . angle on little GOD swamp , louis' Pov a faintly glow , ethereal shape hang in the branch of one of the dead tree . it look a bit like a corpse . in fact , I think it look quite a bit like pascow be corpse . as we watch it fade ... fade ... be go . ext . louis he 's somewhere between be mystify and puzzle and be scared . now a weakly glow fireball roll slowly across the surface of the stand water toward he ... and then just fade into the thick mist . louis it 's funny , all right . ext . jud jud just do not stop , Louis . you do not ever want to stop down here in Little God . ( pause ) and you do not ever want to look behind you , whatever you hear . ext . jud and louis , long angle night we see they move through the mist like wraith , jud with he digging tool , louis with he light and he hefty - bag coffin . the whole swamp be glow dimly . ext . the far side of little GOD swamp night in the extreme f.g. we can see firm ground sloping up . ahead be a thick white mist . and here come jud and louis slogging through it and out of it . both of they be wet from the knee down . they head into the wood on the far side . ext . a low , stony bluff or steep hill in the book this be describe as be almost a cliff , but a rocky hill rise out of the wood would serve just as well . we can see step cut into the side , and two figure -- louis and jud -- toil up they . ext . jud and louis , a closer shot jud be panting and out of breath ; louis be , if anything , in worse shape . jud almost there , Louis . louis you keep say that . jud this time I mean it . he top the last step and stand on a rocky level under the star , the wind blow he hair off he deeply line brow . a few moment later louis join he and stare with undisguise wonder . ext . the micmac burying ground , louis and jud' Pov the top of this hill or bluff be rocky and bare , but there be a number of rocky pile . but for every pile of rock we can see , there be ten litter heaps , as if the neat pile have be burst apart . there 's a shape to all of this , and it be the shape of the Pet sematary : concentric circle . SOUND : the wind , blow ceaselessly . ext . louis and jud , at the edge of the burying ground louis ( awed ) what be this place ? jud this be they bury ground , Louis . louis whose bury ground ? jud the micmac Indians . I bring you here to bury ellen 's cat . louis why ? for God 's sake , why ? jud I have my reason , Louis . we will talk later . all right ? louis I guess so ... but ... jud you want to rest a bit before you start ? louis no , I be okay . will I really be able to dig he a grave ? the soil look thin . jud soil 's thin , all right . but you will manage . he hand he the pick and shovel . jud I be go to sit over yonder and have a smoke . I would help you , but you have get to do it yourself . each bury he own . that 's how it be do then . jud walk away , leave louis with the digging tool in one hand and the flashlight in the other . after a minute , louis walk out into the bury ground . ext . looking down into a shallow hole night SOUND : the wind . it blow ceaselessly up here . the hole 's about two and a half foot deep . stubby rock protrude from the side . the pick come down , hit a rock at the bottom , and flash fire . ext . louis he drop the pick and stick he hurt hand in he armpit . beside he we see a low pile of rock and earth . jud ( voice ) should be deep enough . he join louis . he 's get a lot of rock in he arm . louis you think so ? he notice the rock . louis what be that for ? jud you cairn . ext . the micmac burying ground , louis' Pov that tumble pile of rock be very obvious . ext . louis and jud , by church grave louis do not look like they last long . jud do not worry about that . louis jud , why be I do all this ? jud because it 's right . he walk off again . louis look after he for a moment , then kneel down . ext . louis , by the garbage bag he open it and look in at church be stiffening corpse . louis pax vobiscum , Church old buddy . you be a hell of a god cat . I doubt if you be worth all this aggravation , but you be a hell of a good cat . he tumble the bag contain the body into the grave , and then begin push the stony soil over it with the spade . ext . the cairn , cu night louis be hand come into the frame and add a final two or three stone . ext . louis , by the cairn he look at it for a moment and stand up . jud be right there . jud that 's fine . you do real good . louis look at he . ext . the creed house night there 's a light on in the kitchen , but that 's all . there 's silence at first , and then the phone start ringing . ext . louis' field night louis and jud be come down the path with they tool and they light . they be both clearly fag out . SOUND , faint : the telephone . louis oh , shit ! Rachel ! he drop the tool and sprint . ext . the creed side yard , by the tire swing louis run into the side yard . SOUND of the phone be louder . ext . the kitchen door of the creed house , with louis he run to the door and inside . ext . the end of the path , with jud he stand there , eye inscrutable . int . the live room , with the phone it stop . a beat later louis enter the room . he pick it up , although he already know it 's too late . he listen to the SOUND of the dial tone and then drop it back into the cradle , disgust . he start to dial a number from memory . jud ( voice ) Louis . int . the kitchen / live room doorway , with jud jud when you talk to them , not one word about what we do tonight . ' s'far 's you know , the cat 's still fine . int . louis , by the phone after a moment he lower it into the cradle . int . jud jud you will understand . in the meantime , keep you peace . what we do , Louis , be a secret thing . woman be suppose to be the one who be good at keep secret , but any woman who know anything at all would tell you she 's never see into a man 's heart . the soil of a man 's heart be stonier , Louis - - like the soil up there in the old micmac bury ground . a man grow what he can ... and tend it . during this , he 's come across the room to louis and drop he hand on louis be shoulder . louis but -- jud no but ! accept what 's do , Louis . what we do be right . another time it might not be , but tonight it be ... at least I hope to Christ it be . now you make you call ... but not a word about tonight . ext . the road , with jud sound : boops and beep of a touch - tone telephone . ringing . then : dory goldman ( voice ) Goldman residence . louis hi , dory ... it 's Louis -- during this , another SOUND have be grow : a approach truck . as jud gain he side of the road , he look back , and we read fear on he face -- no matter what he say to louis , he 's sorry for tonight 's piece of work . a moment later a highball orinco truck cut between the camera and jud . int . louis , in the live room night he 's on the phone , smile and happy . rachel ( voice ) you want to talk to the birthday girl ? louis that would be real fine . ellie ( voice ) hi...daddy ? louis ( sing ) happy birthday to you / happy birthday to you / happy birthday , dear ellie / happy birthday to you ! ellie ( voice ) that be awful , daddy . louis yeah , I know ... how be thing out there in chicagoland ? ellie Fine ... except when Mom be airing gage 's diaper rash , he walk away and get into grampa 's study and poope in grampa 's favorite chair . louis ( grin broadly ) Way to go , gage ! ellie ( voice ) what ? louis I say that 's too bad . what do you get for present from gramma and grampa ? ellie ( voice ) lot of stuff ! I get two dress ... and a chatty Cathy doll ... int . the goldman live room , with ellie she 's dress for bed , in fuzzy pink pajamas . her chatty Cathy be crooked in one arm . in she lap be a garfield transistor radio . ellie ... and a garfield radio ! how 's Church , dad ? do he miss I ? int . the creed live room , with louis the smile fade off he face . it 's replace with a look of combine guilt and unhappiness . he 's look at he hand , which be still dark with the dirt from church be grave . louis well ... I guess he 's just fine , ellie . I have not see he this evening , but -- int . the goldman live room , with ellie rachel , hold gage , sit on the arm of ellie be chair . ellie well , make sure you put he down cellar before you go to bed so he can not run out in the road and get grease . and kiss he goodnight for I . louis ( voice ) yuck ! kiss you own cat ! ellie want to talk to gage ? before he can answer , she put the phone in gage be hand . ellie and rachel watch , amused , as gage gobbles into it . perhaps rachel encourage he to say a few word . int . the creed lving room , with louis from the telephone come the sound of gage talk and chortling . louis be not listen . his eye -- and he mind -- be far away . ext . the creed house morning louis be rake leave on the side lawn , near the tree with the tire swing . after a moment or two of this he prop the rake against the tree and start toward the garage . he go in . ext . the garage , with louis it 's dim in here . louis be crossing to the door which communicate to the kitchen . as he pass the station wagon , he hear a cat hiss . he turn . int . church , ecu he 's on top of the car , but at this point we probably do not notice ; the camera be so close that church look like he 's come right down we throat . he 's hiss angrily . int . louis he recoil and stumble backward with a cry . he hit a tool - rack on the wall and a lot of they fall down with a loud jangling noise . int . on top of the station wagon , with church he jump down , frighten by the noise , and the camera track as he go fly out the garage door into the sunlight . int . louis he get slowly to he foot again . he 's get over he fright but we can see he 's totally freak out by what give he that fright . he go to the garage door and look out . louis ( call ) Church ? ext . the side yard , louis' Pov grass and fall leave . no sign of church . ext . louis' stunned face , cu int . the kitchen , with louis he 's spoon cat-food into a dish . he go to the door -- there should be a total of three door in the kitchen : one to the live room , one to the shed / garage , and one which lead directly outside . louis use this latter door now . ext . the kitchen stoop , with louis he put the dish of food down and sit beside it . louis food , Church ... food ! SOUND : miaow . ext . the side of the house , louis' Pov church come slinking out of the bush and come slowly toward the camera . he stop , look mistrustful . ext . louis louis come on , Church ! Chow down ! ext . church he cross to the stoop and begin eat the food . louis ( to himself ) Christ . I do not believe this . he pick church up . church miaow again -- he want the food . louis ( wince ) God , you stink , Church . church be look at the food , try to get out of louis be arm . louis in a second . he tilt the cat 's head back so he can get a look at church be neck . ext . church neck , cu ( louis' Pov ) there 's some sort of mark here - - a clear remnant of the crash . a line of white fur , or perhaps a dark red scar where no fur at all grow . ext . louis and church , on the stoop louis see something else as he let the cat 's neck go . he tweezes something out of church be whisker . ext . louis' hand , ecu it 's a shred of green plastic . ext . louis and church louis chew he way out . Jesus baldhead Christ , he ch -- church suddenly claw at he face . louis ow ! he clap he hand to he face . church leap for the food . louis slowly take he hand away . there be claw mark on he cheek , welling blood . he look at the cat . ext . jud crandall garden , with jud the garden be a plot of about half a acre . jud come trundle slowly along a row , push a wheelbarrow . there be several pumpkin in it . jud be wear old khaki gardening pants and a ramone sweatshirt . he 's wear he headphone and we can hear the romantics do " what I like about you . " jud be sing along and bop a little -- as much as he arthritis will allow , if you can dig it . he see a real big pumpkin , stop , and bend over to get it . he take out he pocket - knife and slit the pumpkin-vine . he get the pumpkin in he arm and stand up . he turn ... and louis be right there ( kind of a cheap jump , but always fun ) , look totally stunne . jud , startle , drop the pumpkin . louis reach out and slide the phone off jud be ear . louis what do we do ? int . the crandall kitchen louis be sit at the kitchen table . jud be at the fridge . jud come back with a couple of long - neck bottle of beer and open they . jud I most generally do not start before noon , but this look like a exception . louis what do we do , jud ? jud why , save a little girl from be unhappy ... that 's all . drink up , Louis ! louis drink about half the beer . louis I try to tell myself I bury he alive . you know -- Edgar allan poe meet Felix the cat. but ... jud would not wash ? louis no. I be a doctor . I know death when I see it , and Church be dead . he smell horrible and he use he claw , but he 's alive ... and I feel like I be go crazy . it be that place , be not it ? jud ayuh . it be the rag-man tell I about the place -- stanley bouchard . we kid just call he stanny B . he be half micmac himself . louis drain he beer . louis can I have another one ? jud I guess it would not hurt . he get up and go to the fridge . int . jud , at the fridge jud the micmacs use to bury they dead up there long before the white come . he return to the table with the beer . jud they bury they dead and for a long time they dead stay bury . then something happen . half the tribe die in a season . the rest move on . they say a wendigo have sour the ground . louis wendigo ? jud Spirit of the north country . not a good spirit . wendigos be great liar and trickster , accord to the storey . and if one touch you ... jud pause , perhaps a flustered , and gather he thought . jud maybe it really be a wendigo -- I be not the one to say it be not -- or maybe it be just some disease . whatever the reason , that that be leave move on . but they leave that place ... the way it be now . jud shrug , and drink . ext . jud as a boy , cu / sepia tone day the time here be about 1910 . jud be wear short pants . he 's cry , not in any big -deal histrionic way , but as if he mean to keep do it for a long time . I mean he look really sad . jud ( voice ) I love my dog a lot , Louis . when Spot die , I think I be gonna die . jud be sit on the front stoop . it 's the same house jud life in now , but the porch have not be add yet , and the road be dirt rather than tar . along this road come a horse - draw wagon -- stanny b.' wagon . the wagon 's full of junk , rag , bottle ... stuff to sell and swap . strung across the top be bell , and we can hear they chiming SOUND ... but faint , like bell hear in a dream . stanny B. be old and drunk . Dust spume up behind the wagon as he draw up to the crandall house and stop . he get down , almost fall , take a bottle out of he back pocket , drink , and approach jud . we can see he speak . int . jud' kitchen , with jud and louis louis you and this old indian rag-man -- jud stanny B. do for I what I do for you last night , Louis . only I be not alone when Spot come back . ext . the crandall back yard / sepia tone day jud' mother be back to the camera , hang sheet on the line . the sheet billow . and suddenly , push out from behind they , quite near she , be a small mongrel dog . spot . he 's cover with graveyard dirt . his eye be red and roll . he splashes the sheet with the muck of he passage . jud ( voice ) my mother be with I . she see who it be -- what it be -- and back away , scream , horrify . ext . spot , closer / sepia jud ( voice ) he would get catch in bobwire that infect . you could still see the mark on he . and so we can , around he neck and along the side of he head . this mark be the counterpart of the mark we have already see on church . SOUND of jud' mom scream . like the bell , this be scream hear in a dream . ext . the back stoop of the crandall house / sepia the boy jud come run out , dress in a night -shirt . ext . jud' mom / sepia ( jud' Pov ) she 's cring against the fence at the rear of the yard . spot stand in front of she , sway from side to side , as if doped . jud' mom ( dim ; far ) get you dog , jud ! he stink of the ground you bury he in ! come here and get you dog ! she be in utter terror . ext . the boy jud / sepia horrify ... ashamed . ext . jud' mom / sepia jud be mom ( terror ) come and get you dog !! int . jud and louis , in jud' kitchen louis how do you mother take it , jud ? how do she take it when you dog come back from the dead ? jud be face be a complication . he 's lie to louis , certainly -- but be he also lie to himself ? yes , I think so . jud well , she be a little upset at first , and that 's why I think you ought to hold you peace when you talk to you people last night ... you do , do not you , Louis ? louis yes . jud why , then , thing should be fine . louis a little upset be all she be ? because I will tell you , jud , my brain feel a little like a nuclear reactor on the edge of a meltdown . jud she get use to the idea . Spot live another four year . he die peacefully in the night that second time , and I bury he in the Pet sematary ... where he bone still lie . ext . the road between the two house , with louis and jud we see they crossing . louis ( voice ) you still have not tell I why you do it . ext . jud and louis , on the creed front lawn jud a man do not always know why he do thing , Louis . I think I do it because you daughter be not ready for she favorite pet to die . louis what ? jud ellie 's a little scared of death . and the main reason ellie 's that way be because you wife be a lot scared of death . now you just go ahead and tell I I be wrong . but louis be reaction tell he he 's not wrong -- in fact , jud have hit the nail right on the head . int . bathtub fixture , cu louis be hand come into the frame and turn the spigot . int . the bathroom , with louis he start to undress , still look troubled . we should notice that the door behind he be firmly shut . the bathroom have no window . int . the bathtub spigot the hot water be steaming . louis be hand enter the frame and turn off the faucet . SOUND of louis climb in . int . louis in the tub a big sigh and a expression of exquisite pleasure . he relax in the hot water . after a few moment he put a wet washcloth over he face . int . by the kitchen sink , with rachel rachel do not shilly - shally , Louis . give the little girl she promise . int . the kitchen table gage be in he high chair . ellie be at she place , cry . in rachel be place sit victor pascow , bloody and wreck . louis sit in he place . on the platter of bacon and scramble egg be church be mangle body . pascow the door must not be open . the barrier must not be cross . louis you do not understand -- int . the bathtub , with louis the washrag be slip , but it still cover he face . louis ( mutter ) -- I be a doctor . int . the creed kitchen table in attendance : pascow , louis , ellie , gage in he high chair . lying in the middle of the table , clotted with dirt and blood , eye stare , neck a gory mess of infect wound , be spot . he 's also dot with clot of scramble egg and bit of bacon . pascow sometimes the dead do more than speak . remember , doc . int . rachel , at the kitchen sink rachel ( with great force ) do not shilly - shally , Louis . promise I . promise I . promise I . int . the bathtub , with louis the washcloth have slip enough so we can see he eye be close -- he 's doze . louis promise ... int . the creed kitchen table to louis , ellie , pascow , gage , and the corpse of spot enter jud , he eye shocked and stare . jud ( to louis ) you do it for all the best reason , but that be not why . you do it because it get hold of you ... you do it because you have to . int . louis , in the bathtub , cu the washrag have work its way down to he mouth by now . his doze be deepen ; he 's start to snore a little . SOUND : a splash . something have be drop into the bath . louis open he eye . look puzzle . look down . eye widen in shock . int . the bathwater , louis' Pov a very large and very mangle dead rat float in the bath , actually brush against louis be chest . blood have begin to stain the water . int . louis turn he head , preparatory to leaping out . int . the toilet lid , with church its mouth yawn open . it hiss , show bloodstain tooth . int . the bathroom louis leap from the tub . grab a towel and begin to rub himself frantically . he 's gross out . the cat try to arch against he and he hit it . church fall to the floor , hiss . louis look at the close door . louis how the hell do you get in ? he may not know that , but he know how it 's go to get out . he open the door to the upstairs hall . if church do not go at once , louis help it with he foot . then he look down at : int . the bathtub with brer rat , louis' Pov int . louis stare at the rat . over this : the SOUND of jet engine . ext . a delta 727 its landing gear unfold preparatory to touch down at bangor International Airport . int . a deplaning area day lot of people make they way up the jetway . int . louis , outside the security point he 's look anxiously for he people . in one hand he 's get half a dozen rose . his face light up . int . the deplaning area , louis' Pov here come louis be family . ellie be a little ahead . rachel be push gage in he stroller . ellie see louis and light up . ellie daddy ! she run for he . int . just outside the security point ellie come belting up to louis , weaving among the deplanee like a slalom skier . she leap into he arm . louis swing she cheerfully . louis hi , sugar ! she smack he noisily . he smack she back just as noisily . ellie daddy , be Church all right ? louis be face change . all at once he 's watchful . louis yes ... I guess so . he be sleep on the front porch when I leave . ellie Cause I have a bad dream about he . I dream he get hit by a car and you and Mr. crandall bury he in the Pet sematary . louis ( try to smile ) that be a silly dream , be not it ? ellie be he really all right ? louis yes . ellie because you promise . louis I know . rachel reach they . she 's pretty tired . Hair hang in she face , good travel clothes now look a bit wrinkle and a bit stale . rachel want to take you son , doc ? louis do . gage be ecstatic . louis kiss rachel deeply . int . the creed kitchen , night church at the door , wait to be let out . ellie do the honors . church oil out into the shed / garage . ellie close the door . she look distress . she cross the kitchen again . int . the creed live room , night rachel , in a flannel nightgown , be watch tv . louis be read a medical tome and make note . gage , zipped into a warm blanket suit , be sacking on the couch . ellie ( enter ) can cat have shampoos ? rachel yes -- you have to take they to someone who groom animal , though . I think it 's pretty expensive . ellie ( still upset ) I do not care . I will save up my allowance and pay for it . Church smell bad . louis I have notice it , too . I will cough up the money , ellen . ellie I hate that smell . int . louis , cu he look both grim and sad - - a man discover that what you pay for you own , and what you own always come home to you . louis yes -- I hate it , too . black . and on it , a fourth title card : missy dandridge . SOUND : a pen scratch over paper . int . a study desk , cu a single sheet of line paper be spotlighted by the glow of the desk - lamp . on it , missy be right hand be just finish : " Dr. say intestinal Cancer . can not face this pain . sorry . " the hand put the pen down . it tear the paper in two , leave just the half with the message . int . the dandridge cellar , night a light come on and we see a hangman 's noose strung over a beam . it dangle above a kitchen table which have be relegate to cellar duty . SOUND : descend footstep . int . the noose , cu SOUND of missy climb onto the table . her face enter the frame . she look very sick . she put she head into the noose and rake it tight at the hyoid bone . ext . the dandridge house , night one light on ... a cellar light . SOUND : ree-ree-ree ...then ... SOUND : kick ! thump ! SOUND : ree-ree-ree ... int . the cellar , with missy dandridge she hang limply , hand dangle at she side , above the table , which now lie upon its side . we can see the note clearly . she pin it to the bodice of she housedress . SOUND : car engine start up . ext . in front of the grace methodist church day people be come out and get into they car and turn on the headlight , even though it be only mid-morn . in the immediate f.g. be a hearse . four pallbearer be load a coffin into it . ext . louis and ellie , on the church step ellie they be all turn on they light ! daddy , why be they all turn on they light in the middle of the day ? jud , dress in a rusty old black suit and a black tie , come out and stand with they . he look haggard and old . jud they do it to honor the dead , ellen . ellie be that right , dad ? louis yes . to honor the dead . ext . the church parking area more car start up ; more light come on ; the back door of the hearse swing close . ext . ludlow cemetary day [ note : in the book louis find it difficult to enter at night because of a high iron fence . here we should see there 's no such problem ; there 's only a low stone wall between the graveyard and the public road . ] the mourner be of course gather around the grave of missy dandridge . the coffin rest above it on runner . minister ( voice ) May the Lord bless you and keep you ; may the Lord make he face to shine upon you , and comfort you , and lift you up , and give you peace . amen . ext . louis , ellie , jud as the mourner begin to break up , this three start back toward louis be car . jud Rachel not feel well ? louis well ... a touch of the flu ... ellie she 's in bed . she be throw up . ever since Mrs. Rogers call and say missy -- louis that 's enough , ellen . they have reach the creed station wagon . jud out of the mouth of babe , Louis . louis this babe have say enough . he open the front passenger door . louis hop in , ellie . she do , and louis close the door . jud poor missy . God , I be sorry to hear . I remember when she be no older and ellen there , walk down to the store with she raggedy Anne doll draggin ' behind she in the dust . I do not know why God take someone like she , who should have a bunch of year still in front of they , and let a old shit like I just go on and on . louis my father use to have a say , jud - - " God see the truth , but wait . " jud ayuh ...how be you cat , Louis ? louis it 's ellie 's cat . jud nope . he 's you cat now . jud open one of the back door as louis go around to the driver 's side . int . the back seat of the wagon jud have tilt over in one corner and be snore . his walkman ' phone be on and we can hear the tinny sound of billy idol . a little old man 's drool trickle down from one corner of he mouth . SOUND : ellen&lt ; cry . int . the front of the wagon , with louis and ellie tear be spilling freely down ellie be face . louis ellie ? what 's wrong ? ellie no more chocolate chip cookie . louis huh ? ellie missy make the best chocolate chip cookie in the world -- even Mom say so . now there will not be any more because she 's gonna be dead forever ! she cry harder . louis reach out and stroke she hair . ext . the station wagon , day move up the country road toward home through blaze fall foliage . int . tv screen , cu night on it be a scene from " night of the live Dead . " newscaster bizarre as it may seem , it now seem almost beyond doubt : the dead be return to eat the live . ellie ( voice ) daddy ? int . the creed live room night there 's a vcr on top of the tv ; louis have be watch " night . " now he quickly use the remote control to shut down the tv . she 's dress for bed , and come toward he slowly . louis what 's up , sugar ? ellie daddy , do you think missy dandridge go to heaven ? louis what ? int . the kitchen , with rachel she 's put away the last of the supper thing . she hear this and move toward the live room door to listen . she do not look at all well . her eye be red from cry and she face be haggard . int . the live room , with louis and ellie she 's get up into he lap . ellie at school Michael mcdowell say she be gonna fry in hell . Michael mcdowell say all sewerside fry in hell . louis well , I think Michael mcdowell be so full of shit he probably squeak when he walk , my dear . int . rachel , at the door she smile a little at this . int . louis and ellie , in the live room louis but do not you dare say that . ellie I will not ... be missy in heaven , do you think ? louis I do not know , honey . different people believe all sort of different thing happen to we when we die . some believe in heaven or hell . some think we be bear again as little child -- ellie sure , carnation . like in that movie you rent , audrey Rose . louis well , it 's actually reincarnation , but you get the idea . and some people think we just wink out ... like a candle flame when the wind blow hard . ellie do you believe that ? louis look toward : int . the live room sofa , with church , louis' Pov church be sleep . int . louis and ellie louis I think we go on . I be not sure what happen after we die , but yeah -- I have faith in that . ellie you believe in it . louis oh , faith 's a little more than just believe . int . rachel , at the kitchen door listen intently . int . louis and ellie louis ( continue ) I will tell you what faith be -- it 's the evidence of the heart ; the assurance of thing not see . ellie I do not get it . louis well , here we be , sit in my chair . do you think my chair will be here tomorrow ? ellie yeah , sure . louis then you have faith in that . but we do not know it will be ; after all , some craze chair - burglar might break in while we be away and steal it , right ? ellie be giggle . int . rachel , at the door she 's smile , too ... but tear be run down she cheek . int . louis and ellie louis but we plan on that chair . we believe in that chair . and I plan on go on somehow as Louis creed , after I die . I believe I will . ellie ( awed ) you have faith in that . louis yes mar 'am . just like I have faith that it be now time for ellen creed to get ready for bed . so buzz . he get she off he lap . ellie I be not tired ! louis I be sure you be not . ellie then why do I have to go to bed ? louis because you mother and I need the rest , sugar . now buzz . she head toward the stair . int . louis and rachel's bedroom louis be in bed , read . rachel , wear a robe over she nightgown , come in . rachel I hear you tonight . louis I think maybe you do . I know you do not approve of the subject be raise -- rachel that 's not true . the subject scare I . because of Zelda . louis put he book down and look at she thoughtfully . louis you sister , I know . rachel sit down on the end of the bed . she 's clasp she hand nervously together . rachel sometimes you be so good with she , Louis - - so straight with she -- that you make I ashamed of myself . louis sit up and scoot down the bed to she . he try to put a arm around she . she reject it -- but gently . rachel I be sorry I could not go with you to missy 's funeral . and that I blow up when we go to that silly animal graveyard . louis that 's forget . rachel not by I , it be not . I know how badly I act , how unfair I be . it 's just that i.. you know . louis yes , I guess I do . he make a place for she beside he and hug she . they lie silently together for awhile , take comfort from each other . rachel I be go to try to do better . louis you be do fine . dissolve to : black . and on it , a fifth title card : gage . SOUND : a idling truck motor . ext . the grille of a truck day it look monstrous ... as high as a mountain . ext . the truck , a new angle it 's a orinco tanker . the driver , a young man in khaki fatigue and a baseball cap , climb up into the cab . he slam the door and jam the truck into gear . irwin goldman ( voice ) I know something like this would happen . ext . the orinco shipping yard day the truck come roll slowly toward the main gate ... stop so the driver can look both way ... and then pull slowly out onto route 9 . irwin ( voice continue ) I tell she when you be first marry . ' you will have all the grief you can stand , and more , ' I say . int . a funeral chapel , with irwin goldman and louis day there be other here , but they be in the b.g. , and concentrate on the scene the old man be make . he 's rachel be dad . louis be sit in the aisle seat of a pew-like bench . he look terribly shattered -- they both do , actually . he 's stare at the old man as if he cannot in the least comprehend what he 's say . irwin ( continue ) and now look at this ! he gesture toward : int . the front of the funeral chapel day here , half - bury in floral tribute , be a child - size coffin . gage be . int . irwin and louis day irwin ( weep ) run over in the road like a... a chipmunk ! ext . route 9 , w/ truck day get up to speed . ext . a kite , cu there 's a hand hold it -- louis be . the kite begin to move and the camera track it . it flap and flutter . ext . the field beside the creed house , with louis he run with the kite beneath a gorgeous fall sky in which fat cloud move like airy ocean liner . ellie ( voice ) go , daddy ! ext . a picnic table day the remain of a picnic lunch be spread here . look like everyone eat well . in attendance : rachel , ellie , gage , and jud crandall . gage go , dayee ! they all laugh -- jud ruffle the kid 's hair . ext . louis , running with the kite he 's pay out string -- and the kite be go up . louis ( voice ) where 's Rachel ? int . the funeral chapel , with louis and irwin irwin look toward : int . the back of the chapel , with rachel and dory goldman they be by the sign - in book . both be dress in black . both look haggard . but rachel look more than haggard ; she look damned near insane with grief and horror . int . louis and irwin irwin ( lean forward ) with she mother ! where she should be ! as for you , I hope you rot in hell ! in hell , do you hear I ? we should ; by now he 's scream he head off . int . the cab of the orinco truck day the driver be whistling . a transistor radio hang from the rear - view mirror on a strap . he turn it on . the ramone . " sheena . " hey - ho , let 's go . ext . route 9 , trucker's Pov unrol before we at a good clip -- too good , maybe . int . the tucker' foot stamp the pedal closer to the metal . ext . the oncoming truck belting toward the camera . SOUND of the growling engine . ext . the sky , with the kite louis have clearly get it up okay . ext . louis , in the field he 's hold the string , look up at the sky . now he look back at the picnic table . louis hey , gage ! ext . the picnic table gage get down and run toward he father . ext . route 9 with the orinco tanker belting along fast . SOUND of the ramone . ext . the field , with louis and gage gage run to he dad , chubby leg work . he reach he , and louis transfer thee ball of string to gage be hand . gage dat ? louis string ! you be fly it , gage - - you get the hammer , my man ! gage gage fline it ? louis Bet you boot . look -- louis put he hand over gage' hand and pull they down . ext . the kite it dip in the sky . ext . louis and gage louis see ? gage gage fline it !! louis ( tenderly ) Bet you ass , little hero . he kiss he son . they look up at : ext . the kite dipping and drift in that gorgeous fall sky . irwin goldman ( voice ) where be you while he be play in the road ? think about you stupid medical article ? you stinking shit ! you killer of child ! int . the funeral chapel , with louis and irwin irwin you -- but there be no way he can express he outrage with mere word . as louis sit stare numbly up at he , irwin punch he in the nose . louis sprawl backward , fall out of the pew onto the floor . int . the rear of the chapel , featuring rachel and dory rachel scream and start forward . dory pull she back . rachel Louis ! daddy ! stop it ! stop it ! int . louis and irwin louis be get up groggily . hs nose be pour blood . irwin how do you like that , you son of a bitch ? I should have do it sooner ! irwin punch he in the stomach . louis " oof " and double over . int . angle on the other mourner among they we see steve masterton and marcy charlton . steve ( get up ) hey ! int . louis and irwin louis be slowly straighten up . irwin be in a sour frenzy of glee . irwin how do you like that ? how do -- louis push the old man with both hand . int . irwin goldman he go stumbling and flail backwards ... strike the coffin ... knock it off its bier . a scream go up from the mourner . int . rachel and dory rachel scream . her mother struggle to hold she but rachel easily break free and go run down the aisle . int . angle on mourner , with marcy and steve marcy stop they . right now . steve get up and go toward : int . the front of the chapel , with irwin he 's pick himself out of a tangle mess of coffin and overturn floral tribute . his suit be wet from spill water . he 's weep . louis have just reach he , and that stunne look be go . I think he intend to do the cool jerk all over irwin goldman be puny little body . irwin strike a gentleman Jim corbett pugilistic pose . irwin come on ! I be ready for ya ! I will take y'apart ! as louis wade in , steve masterton get between they ... at the last possible moment . steve stop it ! louis swing . steve manage to block the punch with he body . steve stop it ! Jesus , what 's wrong with you , Louis ? it 's you son 's funeral , not a box match ! that get to louis . he drop he fist . that stunne expression creep over he face again -- that look that say he do not have the slight clue as to what 's go on or how it could possibly have happen . int . louis pascow ( voice ) the soil of a man 's heart be stonier , doc -- louis turn toward : int . the front pew , with pascow and church pascow , bloody and ruin in he jogging short and muscle shirt , have the pew to himself ... except for church , who be sit on he lap and purring . pascow a man grow what he can ... and tend it . int . louis , cu a sense of horrible awareness come into he face ... and then he cover it with he hand and begin to sob . SOUND , coming up : a truck motor . int . the cab of the tanker the trucker be sing along with the radio . int . the gas pedal it 's closer to the floorboard than ever . ext . louis and gage with the kite , in the field we be at some distance -- far enough to see that the two of they have move quite close to the road . ext . louis and gage , a new angle ( kite's Pov ) we can see they face upturn to we -- we can hear the amplified rattling SOUND of the kite itself . the camera pan to the left -- to the road . and we can see the truck , fairly close by now , and come closer . ext . the picnic table , with rachel , ellie , and jud jud be lighting a cigarette . his walkman ' phone be around he neck . ellie I want to fly it ! can I fly it now , mommy ! rachel in a minute , hon . let gage finish he turn . ext . louis and gage this be the last moment of happiness in this man 's life -- so let 's make it very happy . as he and gage stare up at the kite : irwin ( voice ) jesus. Louis . I be sorry -- int . the funeral chapel the fight have go out of irwin and steve have back away -- but cautiously . he 's ready to jump back in if one or the other go mad again . but irwin be shuffle toward louis , hand out -- everyone else have gather in a knot near the front of the chapel . among they be rachel and she mother , weep in each other ' arm . irwin I do not know what happen to I . Louis , please -- louis brushes by he with no acknowledgement that irwin even exist . he kneel down slowly by the coffin and put he head against it . louis ( weep ) I be sorry , gage - - I be so sorry , little hero . ext . louis and gage , in the field there 's a strong gust of wind . the ball of string fall out of gage be hand . ext . the kite , blowing away ext . the picnic table ellie it get away from he ! that numb shit ! rachel ( outrage ) ellen creed ! ext . the ball of kite twine it be bounce and unravel . more importantly , it be be carry directly toward the highway . ext . gage he take off after the ball of twine . gage kite fline too fast ! SOUND : the oncoming truck . ext . the truck slam toward we -- a brutal leviathan on eighteen wheel . ext . louis he 's look -- look toward he people at the picnic table . louis ( shrug , good-humored ) what can you d- truck SOUND continue . ext . the picnic table truck SOUND louder . alarm hit jud be face . he rise . jud do not let he go in the road , Louis ! rachel look ; register terrible alarm . rachel ( scream ) get he , Louis ! ext . gage he 's still scamper after the bounce ball of kite -twine , which have now almost reach the road . truck SOUND louder . ext . louis the SOUND be loud enough so he 's have trouble hearing . louis ( cup he ear ) what ? ext . the picnic table rachel ( shriek ) get the baby !! jud be run toward the road , although he will never get to gage in time ; only louis have a chance . ext . louis horrible understanding dawns on he face . he whip around and see : ext . gage , louis' Pov the kid 's almost in the road ; the ball of twine be in it . rising drone of the truck . ext . the oncoming truck ext . gage , running into the road gage ( cheerful ) geddit-geddit-geddit ! ext . everyone , kite's Pov gage reach the middle of the road as the truck come around the corner . louis be run across the field , get close to the side of the road . rachel be clutching ellie by the picnic table . jud be helplessly try to wave the truck down as it pass he . ext . gage , in the road as he reach the break white line he grab the ball of string . SOUND of the oncoming truck . gage turn he head . gage ( not afraid ) druck ! ext . the oncoming truck and the driver , gage' Pov suddenly the driver be face turn into a Halloween mask of horror . he blast the AIR -horn . ext . louis , on the verge of the road louis ( shriek ) no !! ext . gage blare of the AIR -horn . a shadow fall over he face . there be a audible click ! and we freeze frame . what we have now be a tremen - dously win photograph of a little boy , not quite two , with a ball of string in he hand ... and a shadow lie across he face . ext . photo montage a. ) louis be push rachel out of a hospital door . rachel be in a wheelchair and look radiantly happy ( so , for that matter , do louis ) . I think we may safely assume that the small blankete bundle in rachel be arm be gage . bear ) louis , bare to the waist , be tubbing a two -month - old gage in a baby - tub . he 's laugh . the infant look confuse but calm . c . ) the whole family by the Christmas tree , follow a orgy of present-open . ellie , about five , have a doll in each hand . louis and rachel be in pajamas . gage , about five month , be lie in a drift of wrapping paper . he look confuse but calm . d . ) a child 's sneaker lie in the road . it 's splash with blood . e . ) gage -- he 's about nine month old in this snap -- be propped up in the angle of a sofa . there 's a big white rabbit in he lap . gage look c. but c. for . ) ellie and gage , bundle up against the Chicago winter . ellie be pull a child 's chair -sl . gage be propped up in the chair . he 's about eleven month old in this snap . he 's laugh . g . ) the orinco tanker , overturn on the far side of Route 9 . h . ) this one be take at gage 's first birthday party . he 's wear a party - hat and look at a birthday cake with a single candle on it while louis kiss one cheek and rachel kiss the other . i. ) louis , in the road . he 's hold gage' jumper , which be tear , blood -soak , and inside out . louis be look up toward the sky and scream . j . ) here be a full - face studio portrait of gage . he be smile at we , heartbreakingly lovely . camera hold on this while : jud ( voice ) sedative finally take hold . she 's asleep . int . the kitchen table , with louis he 's hold the studio portrait in he hand and look at it fixedly . the other photo ( the good one , that be ; not the screamer -- that , we may assume , exist only in louis be torture memory ) be scattered on the table . we only see a few ; there be actually hundred . louis put the photo down as jud come in and cross to the fridge . louis be nose be badly swell . he also have a black eye . jud get a couple of beer and come back toward the table . jud you father - in- law pack a wallop , for a old guy . he and he wife go back to Chicago ? louis no ... squatting out there at the holiday Inn like a couple of vulture . he really think Rachel 's go to go back with they . her and ellie . jud Louis -- the swing door open . they look toward : int . ellie she look daze and shocked . there be brown circle under she eye , but otherwise she complexion be much too white . she 's wear fuzzy pj' . she 's carry the picture of she pull gage on the sled . int . jud and louis , at the table ellie ( come to the table ) I want to go back to my own room . I can not sleep with mommy . she keep steal the cover . jud what you get there , ellie ? at first she do not want to show he , but jud be very kind . jud ( study it ) why that 's real nice ... you pullin ' he on a sled . Bet he like that , do not he ? ellie nod . she be start to cry . jud be also leak at the eye . ellie ( cry ) I use to pull ' im a lot . louis , look down at he hand , nod . ellie I be go to carry this picture , Mr. crandall , until God let gage come back . jud react violently . and louis look up , dully curious ... but have not the think already pass through louis be mind ? yes -- I think it have . jud ellie ... God do not do thing like that . I know you love y'brother , but -- ellie he can if he want to . he can do anything , just like Inspector gadget on tv . but I have to keep thing ready for he , that 's what I think . I have get he picture and I be go to sit in he chair -- louis ellie -- ellie and I be go to eat he breakfast cereal , too , even though it taste like booger . and ...and ... she burst into tear . jud Louis , take care of you little girl ... she need you . int . louis , cu his face be stricken . int . ellie' bedroom night louis come in with ellie in he arm . he put she gently into she bed and pull the cover up . she 's already mostly asleep . louis ( kiss she ) good night , ellie . ellie g'night daddy . he start for the door . int . ellie , cu ellie God could take it back if he want to , could not he ? if he really , really want to ? can I have faith in that ? int . louis , at the door he stand look at she for a long time , apparently think about this quite deeply . louis yes -- I suppose you can . good night , ellie . he step out , close the door . int . ellie , in bed in some sense comfort -- it may be a poison comfort but she surely do not know this -- she turn over on she side to go to sleep . we can see the picture of gage under she arm . int . the upstair hall , with louis the light here be fairly dim . louis go down and open another door . he poke he head in . int . the master bedroom , with louis he react first with surprise , then a species of horrify disgust . int . louis and rachel be bed , louis' Pov church be crouch on rachel be sleep form . int . the bed , a new angle louis come in and swat the cat a damned good one . louis ( low snarl ) fuck off , hairball !! int . church , cu it hiss at he through a mouthful of fang , its eye big green ball ... and then it flee . camera follows it out the door . int . louis , by the bed rachel stir and mutter thickly , then lie still again ... she 's doped to the gill . louis bend over and kiss she gently . he leave the room and close the door behind he . int . the upstair hall , with louis he try the door a couple of time to make sure it 's firmly on the latch ( he face wear a expression of " how would he get in there in the first place ? " ) . then he walk down the hall to the stair . int . on the stair , cu the cat be on one of the riser . louis trip over it . ext . on the stair with louis , wider for a moment he 's pinwheel madly for balance , on the verge of fall . he regains he balance as the cat go shoot across the dining room toward the kitchen . louis regains he equilibrium after a bit and continue on down . int . the kitchen , with jud and louis and church as louis enter through the swing door from the dining room , jud be just let church out the back door . as jud close the door : louis ( slightly antagonistic ) I think you would be go by now . jud I get you a fresh beer out of the fridge , Louis . he indicate the table , where there be indeed a fresh beer . louis jud , I bury my son today and I be very tired . I wonder if we could just -- jud you be think of thing best not think of , Louis . louis I be think about go to bed . but he begin pour the beer into a glass . jud you never ask I if anyone have bury a person up there in the micmac bury ground -- louis be hand jerk . beer go foam across the kitchen table . jud -- but I think the think have cross you mind . louis shit ! look at this mess ! jud ayuh -- it 's a mess , all right . as louis go to get a cloth to wipe up the mess : jud I know the micmacs think it be a holy place ... and then they think it be a curse place . that 's why they move on . louis because something call a wendigo sour the ground . jud and because the dead walk . louis stop sopping and look at he . int . jud , cu jud oh , ayuh . it 's be do . what you have be think of have be do . ext . a country railroad station / sepia day the time be the late summer of 1944 , although I do not believe we need to know that specifically . the sign on the station read ludlow . there be a few 40s car park near the station -- they have gas-ration coupon on the windshield . and a hearse . a train be come . ext . the hearse , with undertaker and bill baterman / sepia we can see the undertaker be try to talk to bill baterman , a man in he forty who periodically wipe he brow with a bandana . bill walk away . he do not want to talk ; he do not want comfort . he 's a grief-strick , bitter man . jud ( voice over ) timmy baterman be on he way home from the war with he purple heart when he get kill in some stupid car accident down in Georgia . ext . the train , in front of the depot / sepia the door of the mail - car be open . the undertaker and three trainmen be unload timmy baterman be coffin , which be drape in a 48 - star flag . bill baterman stand by , watch balefully as they carry he son 's final apartment to the back of the hearse and load it in . jud ( v-o continue ) Bill be bitter -- he son have be in the thick of it two year and then get shot in the leg - - a clean flesh - wound . he be suppose to be come home safe and sound . instead , he come home in a box after all . ext . the rear of the hearse / sepia the door close . the hearse pull away . the camera pan to bill baterman , who stand stare balefully after it and mop he brow . jud ( v-o continue ) he be not able to get to the bottom of the truth , Louis . int . the creed kitchen , with louis and jud night louis be now sit down , drink a beer , stare at jud . louis I will bite -- what 's the bottom of the truth , jud ? jud why ... that sometimes dead be better . that 's all . sometimes dead be better . louis ( bitter ) tell that to my wife and little girl . jud it be not you wife and little girl that 's get I worried , Louis . ext . the ludlow cemetary / sepia dusk we be feature a fresh grave ... that of timmy baterman . a truck , show only parking light , turn into the graveyard and drive slowly up to it . it stop , and bill baterman get out . he look at the grave and then go to the back of he truck . jud ( voice - over ) timmy be bury on July 22nd , as I remember . ext . bill baterman at the back of he truck / sepia dusk he reach in ... and bring out a pick and shovel . dissolve to : ext . margie washburn , on her porch / sepia day she 's a middle - age woman dress in mid-forty style . she 's get a rug-beater in one hand ; the other be up to she eye to shade the sun . she 's stare at something , horrify . jud ( v-o continue ) it be four or five day later when ... ext . a country dirt road , with timmy baterman / sepia day a young man dress in jeans and a plaid shirt be shambling up the road . his eye be vacant . his shirt be half untucked . his hair be stick up in a wild crow 's - nest thatch . there be a ugly mess of heal scar on he neck and one side of he face . I think one of he ear may be go -- tear off in the accident . jud ( v-o continue ) ... margie washburn see he walk up the road toward yorkie 's livery . ext . margie / sepia she 's scream - - we hear she faintly . ext . timmy / sepia he turn toward she and we see a green light like the St. elmo 's fire in the Little God swamp glow dimly deep in he eye . he grin at margie . ext . in front of the ludlow town office , with margie / sepia she hesitates for a moment or two and then walk up toward the door . jud ( v.o. ) lot of people see timmy baterman walk back and forth between the home place and the town line . but it be margie ... int . the town office , with margie / sepia she 's in a hallway in front of a door with ludlow selectmen print on the frost glass . after a moment she open it and go in . jud ( v.o. continue ) ... who finally get up enough gut to talk to the town father about it . she know it have to be stop , Louis . int . the selectmen' office / sepia margie and four man be group around a desk . she 's talk ; they be listen . the camera lazily pan the four men- - one , of course , be jud as a young man . jud ( v.o. continue ) she know it be a abomination . George Anderson , the town postmaster , be there ... and Alan purinton ... hannibal benson ... and I . I be there . ext . the baterman place / sepia sunset it 's a ramshackle old farm which look remarkably like the estate of that gentleman farmer jordy verrill . a old Ford pull into the driveway , and the four man get out . SOUND bleed in : most of all the SOUND of the cricket . they go to the door , and jud be wordlessly elect as the prime honcho . he knock . no answer . again . no answer . SOUND : crazy laughter . bill baterman ( voice ) stop that , timmy ! the four man look at each other . jud come on . they start around to the back . ext . the back yard , with bill and timmy / sepia timmy baterman be stare directly into the set sun , he eye glow with green fire . he 's laugh like goofy go insane . bill , scared , be try to make he stop , to turn away from the sun . ext . the back yard , a new angle / sepia the four man come around the side of the house . they freeze when they see bill and timmy . alan oh holy Jesus lookit that . bill whirl around and see they . bill you man get out of here ! jud I hear you boy be kill down Georgia . bill ( agitate ) that be a mistake ! hannibal be it ? bill you see he stand there , do not you ? now get out ! get the Christ off my land ! now timmy turn around and come shambling forward . timmy ( laugh ) ge ow ! ge cwise off eye a ! GEORGE ( revolt ) oh Jesus , jud ! he 's dead ! I can smell he ! bill he be not dead ! give he a day or two and he will be fine ! do not you say that ! jud Bill , this be not right -- you can see that yourself -- bill ( scream ) get out ! you hear ? get out !!! ext . timmy baterman / sepia timmy ( laugh ) Dead ! we love dead ! hate live ! abruptly he reach up with both hand and scratch down he cheek , gore deep groove in he flesh . blood flow sluggishly out . very weird blood . ext . the entire group / sepia bill grab timmy , who 's still laugh wildly , and get he turn around . timmy shamble back to where he be originally stand . bill go with he like a man who have charge over a train baboon . a stupid train baboon . bill ( over he shoulder ) you want to get out of here before I get my shotgun ! you boy be trespasp ! ext . the four men / sepia jud God help you , Bill . ext . bill and timmy baterman / sepia bill ( snarl ) God never help I . I help myself . ext . timmy baterman , cu / sepia stare directly into the set sun and laugh wildly , mindlessly . int . the creed kitchen , with louis and jud louis what happen ? ext . the baterman place --montage night a. ) a car pull up with its light off and stop . jud ( v.o. ) there be a fire . b . ) we see leg as people get out of the car , and hand hold tin can of gasoline . c . ) hand splash gasoline from the can along the side of the house . ext . the baterman porch night jud ( as a young man ) ring the bell -- a old - fashioned twist type . bill ( voice ) who 's there ? timmy ( laugh , screeching voice ) ooo air ? ooo air ? jud get out , billy -- the place be go up . he walk away . bill baterman , wear a strappy tee-shirt , look out the window . bill I see you ! I see you , jud crandall ! ext . the baterman place --montage night a. ) a match be strike ... and apply to wet board . whoosh ! b . ) the other side of the house : the same . c . ) in the back yard , jud light a torch and heave it through the kitchen window . ka-ploom ! d . ) the man draw away toward the front , they face grim and judgmental . ext . the baterman place night Burning . go up fast . ext . the men alan you think Bill 's gonna get out , jud ? jud ( stony ) if he do not , he do not . ext . the front door it burst open . we see two man struggle at the forefront of a inferno-- correction , one man and a undead monster . timmy be giggle and scream , try to pull he father back into the flame . bill ( struggle ) no ! no , timmy ! let I go ! timme ( laugh ) Love dead ! hate live ! he sink he tooth into he father 's arm . bill scream . a beam fall on timmy , lighting he afire . bill break free and run down the porch step . int . the front hall , with timmy he 's burn and laugh . timmy love dead ! hate live ! and into the fire he go , still shriek and laugh . ext . the front yard night bill baterman be collapse on the lawn as spark drift down around he , he face hide against he thigh , weep . camera move slowly in on the four man , who be group at the end of the driveway by the road and stare with awe at : ext . the blazing farmhouse night dissolve to : int . the kitchen , with louis and jud jud ( softly ) sometimes dead be better , Louis . black . and on it , a sixth title card : the dead walk . SOUND bleed in : jet engine . ext . bangor INTERNATIONAL terminal day a jet plane rise into the sky from behind the building . gate agent voice this be the final call for United 's flight 61 to Chicago ... int . a boarding gate , with louis and rachel in the b.g. we can see irwin and dory goldman wait by the jetway with ellie as the last few passenger board . rachel look confuse and grief-strick . she also look punchy , doped up . I imagine she 's float on a sea of valium , and that make she easier to deal with . louis be battle - scar be fade a little . the gate agent be stand by the jetway with a mike in one hand and a bunch of board pass in the other . gate agent ( conclude ) all passenger should now be aboard . louis you better get go , hon . rachel oh Louis , I just do not know about this -- louis I tell you last night -- this can be the start of patching thing up with you folk . if something good do not come of gage 's death , I think I will go crazy . rachel Louis , be you sure ? louis I be sure . int . the goldman , with ellie ellie I do not want to go to Chicago , gramma dory . dory why not , darling ? ellie I have a bad dream last night . a nightmare . irwin ( kindly ) about what ? ellie about daddy . ( pause ) and gage . dory and irwin exchange a know , sad glance over the child 's head . ellie and someone name paxcow . int . rachel and louis louis guide she to the jetway . louis come on , you guy -- before you miss the boat . he kiss dory . irwin hug he . irwin Louis , I be sorry . what can I say ? that I lose my mind ? it 's the truth , but no good excuse . louis ( hug he back ) we all lose we mind , irwin . louis kiss rachel . then he kneel and hug ellie . louis be good to you mother , darlin' . she need you . ellie come with we , daddy . please come with we ! louis I will be there in three day -- four at the most . I have get to get the electricity shut off and square thing with you school so the truant officer be not after you , and -- int . ellie , cu ellie ( cry ) please , daddy ! I be scared ! int . louis and ellie louis of what ? ellie ( cry harder ) I do not know . louis ( great emphasis ) everything 's go to be all right , ellie . now go on -- get aboard . ellie do you swear ? louis I swear . the Voice of Authority have speak . we can tell by ellie be face that while thing be still not all right , they be a little better . she join she mother . the four of they -- rachel , ellie , and the goldman -- start down the jetway . ellie look back once , as if begging he to come ... and then they be go . int . louis , cu louis be face change . now it be a stony and contemplative face . not , when you get right down to it , a very nice face . he turn and stride away . int . the airport parking lot , with louis the family station wagon be in the f.g . we hear the SOUND of jet engine , and as louis reach the wagon he turn and watch : ext . the terminal , , louis' Pov from behind it a United Airlines jet lift into view and bank away . ext . louis , in the parking lot face set , he get into the wagon and drive away . ext . route 15 in brewer the creedmobile pull up across from the brewer tru-value hardware and louis cross to it . int . the hardware store counter , cu on it : a six - cell flashlight , duracell d- battery , a pick , a shovel , and a nylon drop -sheet in cellophane package . now the clerk hand come into the frame and drop a pair of heavy work - glove into the pile . int . louis and clerk ( SMALL pun , hee - hee ) clerk anything else for you today ? louis ( after a look ) I think we get it all . the clerk start to ring thing up . clerk look like heavy work . louis it could be . the quality of louis be reply be somehow unnatural . the clerk look at he , momentarily unsure and uncertain . then he start ringing thing up again . int . a UNITED jetliner , with ellie and rachel ellie be in the window - seat , asleep . rachel be hold a paperback but not read it . her eye be red . she 's look into space . camera drift to ellie . her sleep be not easy . her head turn from side to side , as if in negation . she become steadily more upset . she 's start to mutter . suddenly she eye flare open and she scream . int . jetliner , slightly wider we can see the goldman in the seat behind the creed . they be startle . so be other passenger . a stewardess come run . ellie paxcow say it 's almost too late ! rachel ellie ... ellie ... what ... ellie paxcow say it 's almost too late ! we have to go back ! paxcow say it 's almost too late ! ext . ludlow cemetary day the creed wagon turn in and drive up one of the lane . it stop and louis get out . ext . louis he walk to a fresh grave on which the first flower be already start to will . he sit down and take a flower . he pluck it , look at the grave steadily . he say nothing for a long time . louis it 's wrong . ( pause ) what happen to you be wrong . ext . gage , in the field he run toward the camera , happy and laugh , in slow motion . ext . louis , by gage' grave louis be now weep , but he seem calm just the same . pascow ( voice ) remember , doc . louis look at : ext . a tomb , louis' Pov pascow , bloody and mutilate , be stand by it . pascow the barrier be not mean to be cross . the ground be sour . ext . louis , by gage' grave he be not put out of countenance in the slight by pascow be appearance ; he probably know pascow be just a figment of he conscience or imagination , and so do we . louis I will tell you where the ground be sour -- the ground in my heart be sour . let I tell you something else , vic-baby : wrong be wrong . ext . pascow pascow timmy baterman . that be wrong . ext . louis , by gage' grave louis do not talk like a asshole even if you be just a bit of underdone potato or a blot of mustard . ext . pascow , by the tomb he stand mute , just look . ext . louis louis ( weep ) he be my son ! he be not even two and he be run down in the fuck road and he be almost in piece , and if you do not think I be go to try ... ext . the tomb , san pascow VIC have put on he boogie shoe . ext . louis , by gage' grave he 's cry harder . abruptly he reach out at the floral tribute and knock a bunch of they over . louis if it do not work -- if he come back like timmy baterman - - I will put he to sleep . but I be go to try . ( pause ) and if it do not work ... they do not ever need to know . ext . the goldman house in lake forest , illinois night int . upstair hall night the camera move leisurely along this hallway , which be line with picture of rachel , ellie ... and gage ( there may even be a couple in which louis be feature , but damned few ) . near the end of the hall a door be open and light spill out . rachel ( voice ) honey , you just have a bad dream . you know that , do not you ? ellie ( voice ) it be not a dream . it be paxcow . the camera goe through the door and into the room where ellie be stay . she 's in bed , still badly upset . rachel be sit on the bed beside she . there 's a single lamp on the bedside table . ellie paxcow say daddy 's go to do something really bad . he -- rachel who be this paxcow ? be he like the boogeyman ? ellie he 's a ghost . but he 's a good ghost . rachel turn off the bed-lamp . rachel there be no ghost , ellie . I want you to go to sleep and forget all this nonsense . ellie will you at least call and make sure daddy 's okay ? rachel of course I will . she kiss ellie . rachel now will you try to go to sleep ? ellie ( turn over on she side ) yes , Mom . rachel get up and leave the room . int . the upstair hallway pascow be here , halfway down the hall to the stair , bloody as ever . rachel do not see he . she look perplex , a woman try to think of something . she stop very near he . rachel ( to herself ) paxcow , why do I know that name ? pascow pascow . rachel suddenly straighten . she look startle and afraid . rachel pascow ? be she say pascow ? she suddenly head for the stair , fast . ext . the creed home in ludlow night SOUND : a car start up . the station wagon back out and head down the driveway . as it pass the camera , we see louis drive . the wagon turn onto Route 9 and head off . camera hold on the house . a beat of silence . then : the telephone start ringing . int . the goldman live room night irwin and dory be watch rachel with some anxiety . rachel be hold the phone to she ear . we can hear the filter SOUND of one ring after another . she hang up . rachel he 's not home . dory why , he probably go out for a hamburger or a chicken dinner , dear . you know how man be when they be alone . good old irwin be face say that maybe louis go out for a couple of gram of coke and a whore in Nazi ss boot . rachel be dial another number . ext . the crandall house night SOUND : phone start to ring . int . the crandall kitchen , with jud he shuffles to the telephone . his walkman ' phone be around he neck . he 's get a bottle of beer in one hand . jud ( pick up ) hello -- you get judson . int . the goldman live room , with rachel rachel it 's Rachel creed , jud . I be call from Chicago . jud ( surprised voice ) Chicago ! be Louis with you ? rachel no ... we be go to be here awhile , and he want a few day to wind up we affair there . I just wonder if he be with you . int . the crandall kitchen , with jud his face say this be very serious . jud no -- but if he drop by , I will tell he to call you . int . the goldman live room rachel jud , do you remember the name of the student that die on Louis 's first day at work ? the one that be hit by a car ? jud ( voice ) I do not -- rachel be it pascow ? int . the crandall kitchen , with jud jud ayuh , I think ' twas . if I see Louis come home before I go to bed , I will tell he to -- int . the goldman live room , with rachel rachel do not bother . I be come home . jud ( alarmed voice ) Rachel ! rachel thank you , jud. Goodbye . she hang up . int . the crandall kitchen , with jud jud no! Rachel ! do not do that ! Rachel --! the buzz of a open line . connection break . jud slowly replace the receiver . the man look very grim . int . the front hall of the goldman house rachel come down the stair , dress for travel . she 's carry a suitcase in one hand . her parent meet she at the foot of the stair . dory Rachel ... darling ... you be upset ... a night 's sleep ... rachel I have to go . the connection be tight , and I have to be at o'hare in forty minute . will you drive I , daddy ? irwin you know something 's wrong , do not you ? you know . and ellie do , too . rachel yes . irwin I will drive you . ellie ( voice ) mommy ? they all turn to : int . ellie , on the stair ellie please hurry . int . rachel and the goldman rachel I will . come and kiss I . ellie race into she arm . ext . ludlow cemetery night SOUND of a car engine , throbbing and low . it cut off . camera move in on the low stone wall between the cemetery and the road . Beyond it we can see the roof of the creed station wagon . louis appear , dress in dark clothes . he look both way , then toss a big duffle bag over the wall . stuff clank inside . louis climb over the wall , grab he bag , and check out the scene . ext . ludlow cemetery , louis' Pov a quiet city of the dead . spooky . SOUND of cricket : ree-ree - ree ... ext . louis he head for gage be grave . int . the goldman car , with rachel and irwin irwin I will come with you if you want , honey . rachel ( shake she head ) I have get three plane to catch and I get the last seat on two of they . it 's like God save they for I . ext . o'hare UNITED airline terminal , with irwine car irwin be car head for it . ext . the grave of gage creed louis approach it slowly and set down he bag of grave- robbing equipment . he set aside the remain floral tribute and then open the bag and take out the spade . he look down at the grave for a long second . louis ( low ) gonna bust you out , son . he start to shovel . ext . the shovel , cu digging ... throw ... digging again . already the shape of the excavation be beginning to show . the work be easy ; this earth be new and fresh . ext . jetliner , in a line - up of jetliner int . jetliner , with rachel everyone look impatient , but rachel look half crazy . pilot ( voice ) this be the Captain speak . I be sorry about this delay , folk , but we have get a real low ceiling tonight and air traffic control 's play it safe . look like it 's go to be about half a hour before we get on a roll , so I be turn off the no smoking sign . SOUND : Bing ! there 's a general groan . camera move in on rachel , who have close she eye . I think she 's praying . ext . gage' grave night now it 's pretty deep . four foot , maybe . louis be stand in it . we see he foot as the shovel go up and down , up and down . ext . louis night he 's sweat and dirt-streaked . he 's toss dirt on a big pile . suddenly , as he take another shovelful , we hear a scraping SOUND . he toss the shovel aside and squat . ext . in the grave , with louis there 's a white streak on the bottom of the grave -- the top of gage be coffin . louis swipe he hand through the loose dirt , uncover more , and then he begin to sweep off the top of the coffin with he hand . ext . the crandall porch jud come out . he 's wear a light jacket . his walkman ' phone be around he neck . he 's get a six - pack . he look at : ext . the creed house , jud' Pov it 's dark . ext . the crandall porch , with jud he sit down . jud you do it , you stupid old man ... now you get to undo it . he put he earphone on . crack a beer . light a cigarette . pushes the play button on the deck . faint sound of the clash buzz-saw " rock the casbah . " jud begin to watch . ext . louis he climb out of the grave and open he duffle bag . he start to pull out the pick . SOUND of a approach car . louis freeze . ext . the road outside of the cemetery a police car come cruise slowly along . the spotlight on the driver 's side come on and run along the graveyard 's stone wall . ext . louis watch . wait . hardly breathe . ext . the police car it reach the end of the wall . everything look jake . the spotlight go out and the police car speed up . ext . louis he relax perceptibly . he get the pick and drop back into the grave . ext . the top of the coffin , cu louis insert the tip of the pick in the flange of the coffin and lever it . cracking SOUND . again . more cracking . again . and the lock break . the coffin lid come up a little , dirt gritting in the hinge . ext . louis , cu here 's a man on the thinnest edge between sanity and madness . ext . jetliner lifting off from o'hare int . rachel and her seatmate seatmate think you will make you connection in Boston ? rachel I have to . ext . louis , by gage' grave he 's lie on he stomach , reach in . we hear the SOUND of dirt grate in hinge again . ext . louis , cu we be look up into he face . if gage have a Pov , this would be it . louis be face fill with a terrible grief . louis oh , gage - - oh , honey . ext . jud crandall , on he porch his chin slip to he chest , even though we hear creedence on he ' phone and to he the sound must be at blastoff level . there 's a long round ash on he cigarette in the tray . a couple of empty beer can on the table beside he . a truck blast by , startling he out of he doze . he jerk he head up suddenly ... and slap himself . he 's okay ... for now . ext . the graveyard , with louis he be sit on the edge of the grave , hold he dead son in he arm , rock he . gage be back to we . we see only a small limp figure in a dark suit . Hair flop limply . louis it 's go to be all right ... I swear it 's go to be all right ... the canvas tarp have be spread open to the right . louis begin to lay he son down on it . ext . the ground beside the tarp , cu it 's litter with flower petal . one limp hand appear among they . ext . louis he close the tarp over gage , make a roll . he then produce rope from the duffle bag . he cut the rope and begin to tie one piece around one end of the canvas roll contain the corpse of he son . ext . jetliner in the night sky pilot ( voice ) good evening again , lady and gentleman ... int . the jetliner , with rachel her seatmate be knitting something . across the aisle sit victor pascow , bloody but serene , hand clasped in he lap , look straight ahead . rachel look around tensely . pilot ( continue ) I be delighted to tell you that we have get a strong tail - wind tonight and we expect to arrive at Boston 's Logan Airport almost on time . pascow clenches he fist in a " that 's one for we side ! " gesture . rachel ( softly ) thank god. her seatmate look at she a bit strangely . ext . the graveyard , with louis he 's get the bundle contain he son and the duffle - bag with the tool . he run bent over . he reach the wall and there 's the SOUND of another motor . he crouch at the base of the wall . ext . the road here come that same police car . the spotlight run along the wall . ext . louis crouch against he side of the wall and sweat . ext . the police car it stop . the cop get out . he walk slowly toward the wall . ext . louis crouched . now we see the cop look over the top . if he look down ... but he do not . instead he turn around so we see he back . louis look up , miserably scared , pour sweat . silence . then : SOUND of the cop take a whiz . ext . the cop ah ! relief . SOUND of he fly be zipped . he look back at the cemetery for a moment . cop I be not afraid of no ghost . he walk back to he cruiser , get in , and haul ass . ext . louis , behind the wall he collapse with relief . then he get up and look cautiously over the wall . nothing there but he car , park a little way down on the other side of the road . he toss the duffle bag over the top of the wall . he put the canvas roll contain gage on top of the wall . then he vault over . ext . the STREET side of the wall , with louis he take the roll , get the duffle bag hook over he shoulder by the string , and run across the road like a soldier crossing enemy territory . he go to the rear of the wagon . ext . the rear of the wagon , with louis he put the body down . he feel in he pocket for he key . no key . mild consternation . he look around , feel expose . the other pocket . still no key . more consternation . he begin to hunt feverishly through he pocket . maybe in he jacket ? nope . SOUND : a approach car . ext . passing car a civilian - - not the ubiquitous cop . ext . louis he turn he pocket out , spilling change everywhere . nothing . suddenly a little light go on in he eye . he go to the driver 's side of the car and look in at : int . ignition , louis' Pov the key be in the switch . ext . louis he snatch the key and return to the back of the wagon . he use the key to open the doorgate . he put gage be body in gently , then the duffle bag . he close the doorgate and return to the front of the car . he open the driver 's door and freeze . louis return to the rear , get he key from the doorgate , come back to the front , get in , and drive away . int . a jetway at logan INTERNATIONAL people be debark into the gate area . through they come rachel , run fast , push some people , excuse herself incoherently . pascow be walk near she . pascow there 's just time . if you run . without look at pascow , rachel take off she shoe and run . int . the concourse , with rachel she 's sprinting down the concourse - - look out , joanie benoit ! int . gate 27 , with female gate agent and pascow the female gate agent be start to close the jetway door . pascow do not do that , babe . the gate agent look puzzle , as if she just have a think ( or maybe a gas pain ) . she stop close the door . rachel run into the area . she see : int . / ext . the jet plane , through the gate window it be just start to swing ponderously away from the jetway . int . rachel and female gate agent ( pascow be gone ) rachel make it come back ! female gate agent I can not -- rachel bolt down the jetway . the gate agent stare after she , and then run for she stand , where we can see flight 61 and bangor on the slide-card . she pick up she mike . ext . the jetway night rachel stand all alone at the end of it . amplified sound of jet engine . rachel ( scream ) come back , motherfucker !! ext . the jet , rachel's Pov it start to swing back to pick she up . ext . rachel pascow appear behind she and put a hand on she shoulder . pascow you be do just fine . ext . jud crandall , on he porch he 's fast asleep with the tinny sound of Graham parker come out of he walkman ' phone . SOUND : a approach car . ext . the creed house the station wagon turn in and park . louis get out . he open the back , remove the body in the tarp and the duffle bag fill with tool . he manage to get everything together and walk to the edge of the path . he look at : ext . the path to the pet sematary , louis' Pov off it go , glimmer in the dark . ext . louis he hold the corpse of he little boy to he . louis please God -- let this work . he set off . ext . jud , on he porch Zonk out . he miss the whole thing . Nice go , jud . ext . outside the arch to the pet sematary , with louis Louis pass under like a ghost . ext . the pet sematary , with louis louis be cry . he cross to the deadfall . louis ai not gonna stop , gage . ai not gonna look down . he begin to mount the deadfall . ext . louis , a new angle he reach the top . and woven into the deadfall , behind he , face the Pet sematary , be that snarling face . louis descend the other side . ext . the foot of the dedfall , wood side louis reach the bottom and look at : ext . the wood , louis' Pov the path wind onward through that gigantic tree -- it glow slightly . ext . louis , moving up the path ext . louis , at the edge of little GOD swamp that phosphorescent glow be a lot more pronounce . sound of cricket and frog . the water be mucky and still . hummock stick up like knob on the back of a creature best not see . fog drift through the dead tree . louis do not want to go in there . smart man . I would not either . but he do . int . the hertz desk , at bia with rachel and clerk --and pascow pascow be loung back against the rack of folder -- and get some of they bloody . hertz clerk I be sorry ... it 's be very busy tonight . I really do not have anything . pascow what about the Aries k with the scratch on the side ? the clerk start look through she papers . clerk I do have a Aries k , but it come in sort of beat up -- there 's a long scrape up one side -- rachel I will take it . ext . louis , in little GOD swamp he come walk toward the camera with gage in he arm and the duffle bag over he shoulder . mist swirl around he . the landscape be weird , surreal . cricket sound , amplified . in fact there be a lot of swampy , marshy sound -- too many . it sound almost prehistoric . SOUND : harsh , scream laughter louis stop . he look slowly around at : ext . mist - face , louis' Pov a demonic face take shape in the mist and float slowly toward the camera . it run out a tongue that 's about nine foot long . its eye blow out . blood and thick , gooey stuff run from the socket . ext . louis he close he eye . after a moment he open they . ext . little GOD swamp , louis' Pov nothing there . ext . louis louis see ? just imagination . just -- ext . louis' feet we can barely see they because they be thick in mist , but he be stand on a couple of low , marshy tussock . suddenly a thick tentacle slime its way out of the stand water and slither around he ankle . ext . louis , looking down louis nothing ... there . he turn around and begin to walk again . ext . louis' feet the tentacle fall away . ext . louis , in little GOD swamp myriad sound , none of they pleasant -- laughter , gobble howl , scream . sound like the swamp have be invade by a pack of escape lunatic . louis continue on regardless . ext . wood louis come into the frame . he 's obviously tiring now , but he keep move along . SOUND : approach footstep . Big one . thudd one . something be come which sound approximately the size of a tyrannosaurus rex . and it just keep get louder and louder and louder . louis look plenty scared . SOUND : a fall tree . ext . wood , louis' Pov that sound keep get closer and closer . another tree fall -- we see this one . and now we see a shape -- just a shape . ext . louis he 's scared almost to death . his face turn up ...up...up. ext . the wood -- and the shape , louis' Pov it be vaguely manlike : perhaps sixty foot tall , perhaps eighty . we do not see it very well , nor do we have to -- I be not even sure it 's flesh and blood . but there be a clear suggestion of a head . now it turn and look down ... look at louis creed . we see great yellow eye the size of lighthouse lamp . it make a huge grunting SOUND ... and then walk on . ext . louis the SOUND of footfalls be slowly diminish . louis it be the wendigo . dear God , I think the wendigo just pass within sixty foot of I . slowly he begin to walk again . ext . louis , a new angle in the extreme f.g. be a tree which have just fall -- it be no small tree , either , but a great big old fir . louis approach it . stop . look at the tree . look down at : ext . the forest floor , louis' Pov here be a gigantic animal track -- if it be full of water , louis could swim in it . it look like no animal track we have ever see before . Three big claw at the end of it . ext . louis look up again . his face be set and hard . louis it do not matter . come on , gage . he start to walk again . ext . the micmac burying ground SOUND : the wind , lonesome and keen . the camera move slowly toward the slope , dream its way over that rocky cairn ... most of they burst apart . SOUND : torture breathe . pant . louis toil he way into view , carry he bundle . he reach the top . he make he way slowly into the bury ground . he stumble over a rock . Falls down . slowly gather he thing together and get up again . he go a little further and then stop and look at : ext . a broken cairn and the grave beneath , louis' Pov we can also see the shred remain of a green garbage bag . ext . louis he slowly kneel down . he put the canvas tarp to one side and slowly take the pick and shovel from the duffle bag . by now he be clearly a man approach total exhaustion . ext . a country road , with a ary k it track past the camera . int . the ary k with rachel and pascow both of they look tense . rachel be bolt upright behind the wheel . suddenly , bang ! as one of the tire blow . ext . the ary k it go skid and slue across the road , the rear tire half off the rim . it climb the curb and hit a tree . int . rachel she lurch forward , but she 's wear she seat- belt -- good girl ! she unbuckle it and get out . ext . rachel she look at the car , which now have quite a bit more wrong with it than just a scratch up the side . rachel slump , near tear . louis be not the only one who 's be through a lot tonight . rachel now what ? pascow come from around the tree as rachel walk to the road , look for car , or something . he look urgent and upset . pascow it 's try to stop you . do you hear I ? it 's try to stop you . rachel look around uncertainly ... a little afraid . as she scan the scene she look at -- and through -- pascow . rachel be anyone there ? after a moment of silence she turn back to the road . light appear and brighten as a car approach . rachel step to the shoulder and after a moment she stick out she thumb , surely for the first time in she life . the car sweep by she without slow . ext . gage' cairn , cu louis be hand enter the shot and put a few more rock on it . the camera pull back and we see he surveying he work . beside he be the canvas tarp , now open and empty . absently , louis stuff the tarp into the duffle bag ( where he tool have also be replace ) and stand up with a wince . one hand go to he lower back . he look down at the cairn . louis come back to I , gage . come back to we . he turn away toward the stair . ext . rachel , on route 9 she 's walk down the shoulder with she high heel in one hand . light . a approach car . she turn , thumb out . the car blast by . rachel ( shout ) may the sewer of rangoon back up in you bedroom , asshole ! she start walk again . ext . the field beside louis' house louis be move down the path . as he pass the tire swing he push it , set it in motion . int . the garage louis sling the duffle bag wearily to one side and go into the kitchen . church be under the table but louis do not see he . int . the upstair hall SOUND of louis slowly plodd up the stair . he come into view , dirty and exhaust , he hair hang in he face . he walk down the hall toward the master bedroom . int . the bedroom the clock on the bedtable read 2:17 a.m. louis fall face - first on the immaculate bedspread and lie still . in this shot we should note the closet door be stand open . ext . the micmac burying ground , featuring gage' cairn the camera move in slowly . hold . nothing for a beat . then : a small white hand slam up through the rock , hopefully scare the live shit out of we . camera move closer as the hand begin to feel around . it take one of the rock and push it aside . another . another . another . the sound be not encourage . it be grunting and growling . there be nothing human here . rock begin to tumble as gage start to come out of he grave . int . the creed bedroom , with louis fast asleep on the coverlet in he dirty jeans and black sweater . ext . rachel my babe be still takin ' a hike . but here come another vehicle . ext . the deadfall in the pet sematary the camera move in on that snarling face . sound : gage come . Dead dry breath . low snarling noise . now we see small foot in dirty black shoe walk down the deadfall . ext . rachel suddenly , as the light appear , she do a claudette Colbert , pull she skirt up and exhibit a very lovely leg . light -- it 's a orinco truck , naturally -- spotlight she . the truck stop . ext . rachel and the truck the driver lean over and open the door . driver hop in , baby . rachel thank you . she do . int . the creed kitchen , with church he 's under the kitchen table , green eye gleam . I think he love dead , hate live . SOUND : the doorlatch . church miaow . int . the kitchen , a new ( low ) angle gage be shoe grit slowly across the linoleum , leave dirty track . church turn to watch gage' passage , and then follow . int . the bedroom , with louis camera hold on louis as that gritting footstep approach . then we pan to the closet . on the floor be louis be little black bag . we hold on this as the footfalls near . a small white hand enter the frame and pull the doctor- bag out of the closet . now another hand enter the frame and open the bag . the hand search around inside and bring out a scalpel . they hold it up . the gage -thing make a content SOUND . ext . the orinco truck , on route 9 night it sweep past the camera int . the cab , with rachel and driver rachel can not you go any faster ? trucker Lady , I get nine point on my license right now . rachel I understand . it 's just that -- she look at he , plead . the trucker speed up . rachel thank you . if you only understand how important this be -- trucker that 's all right , babe . only if we get stop , next time I will be the one hitchin ' and you can give I a ride . ext . jud , on he porch more deeply asleep than ever . suddenly , from inside , come the sound of quiet riot sing / scream " bang you head . " it 's the stereo , and boy , be it cranke . jud straighten up so suddenly he almost fall off he chair . his hand go first to he earphone -- he first think on waking be that it 's come from there -- and then he hurry inside . camera pan down to small muddy track on the porch floor . int . the live room , with jud he hurry in , turn on the light , and rush across to he stereo system , which be state - of - the- art digital -- it look like a fly saucer among the more traditional furnishings of the room . he shut it off and look around , frown . SOUND : Todd rundgren , sing " bang on the drum all Day " at the top of he voice . jud be head snap toward the SOUND . int . a sony radio , cu the camera pull back as jud hurry across the kitchen to the counter , where the radio be . he turn it off , look around , more bewilder than ever . jud ( sharply ) who 's here ? he walk toward the door which give on the hall . int . the hall , with jud it 's dimly light by light - spill from the live room and kitchen . jud come on , stop play game ! SOUND : Molly hatchet , " flirtin ' with disaster , " be play top end , from upstairs . jud hurry up . let I suggest that there be a certain psychology at work here -- for the moment he 's more concerned about waking the neighborhood with all this high - decible rock and roll than with the prowler ... and he would certainly know who -- or what -- that prowler be , if he have time to think . int . jud' bedroom he enter and turn on the light . we see a portable phonograph with the record , turn . jud rush over and turn it off . he look around , and we see by he face that he know . jud gage ? ( pause ) be you the one play game ? he go to the window and look out at : int . / ext . the creed house , with the station wagon , jud' Pov int . the bedroom , with jud he turn slowly and walk toward the bed . jud gage ? come on out . he reach in he pocket and bring out a pocket- knife . he unfold the blade . jud I want to show you something . SOUND : miaow ! int . the doorway , with church , jud' Pov int . jud , by the bed jud ( to the cat ) how do you --?! int . jud' feet a small hand hold a scalpel shoot out from beneath the skirt of the coverlet and slashes jud be calf , int . jud he scream with pain and stagger backward . int . jud' feet the other hand shoot out . gage grab one of jud be ankle and pull . int . jud with a startle yell , he fall . int . jud and gage this one 's gotta be pretty rough . George will know what to do . we finally see gage , but it should be clear to we that it 's not really gage at all . some daemonic presence be riding inside the moulder , disfigure shell of gage . there be a struggle . jud be repeatedly slashed with the scalpel . perhaps he get gage a time or two with the pocketknife . gage scream and gibber -- nothing intelligible here ; only sound . jud expire . gage sit on top of he ... and then bite into he throat . ext . route 9 , between the crandall and creed house headlights . rachel be truck have arrive . it pull up . rachel open the passenger door , which be on jud be side . ext . angle on the cab we can see pascow sit in the passenger seat where rachel just be . rachel thank you so much . trucker I do not get a ticket , so you be welcome , lady . ( and , more seriously ) whatever you problem be , I hope they work out . pascow it 's the end of the line for I , too -- I be not allow any further . rachel ( to the trucker ) I be sure thing will be fine . pascow I be not . she close the door and step down . the truck start off with a hiss of released airbrake . as it pull past she , rachel start across the road , when : gage ( soft voice ) mummy ! she stop , startle . her face wear a " do I hear that ? " expression . she look back toward jud be house . gage ( soft voice ) mummy ! rachel walk halfway up jud be paved walk and look at : ext . jud' house , rachel's Pov the one place in the whole world we do not want rachel to go . ext . rachel she go . up the step to the porch . all through this she 's be travel with two bag : she handbag and a light tote with she initial on it . now she set the tote down on the top step and open the porch door . she look very uncertain . this be the wee hour of the morning , and someone else 's house . but ... that voice ... gage ( voice ) mummy , I need you ! rachel look stunne -- rock . she step onto the porch . rachel who -- the door to the house swing open . after a moment church come into the doorway and sit down . church miaow ! rachel Church ! gage ( voice ) mummy , I need you ! she cross to the open door . rachel gage ? gage ? no answer . rachel step in . ext . the creed house morning int . the creed bedroom , with louis he 's restless , have a very bad dream , from the look . he roll back and forth . closer and closer to the edge . finally , with a wild yell , he go over onto the floor . int . louis , on the floor he come awake . sit up . ouch ! he 's aches from top to bottom and side to side ... but he back be worst . his hand go to it . louis Jesus ! he start to get up very slowly , and this he eye fix on : int . gage' track on the bedroom floor , louis' Pov they enter the house , go to the closet , then leave again . int . louis louis gage --? he scramble for the closet , he aches and pain forget . he stare in wildly . int . the doctor - bag it 's open . int . louis he pull the doctor- bag out . his original hope be now tempere with the first sign of fear . he begin to go through the doctor - bag . suddenly he bring out a case and open it . the case be empty , but the indent shape be clear . there be a scalpel in this case ... but not anymore . louis oh my god. ( pause ) gage ! int . the hall , with louis louis gage ! louis stand there , tensely listen , for a moment or two , but there 's only silence . he rush down the hallway and open the door to gage be room . int . gage' room , louis' Pov empty . int . louis , on the stair he go downstairs , yell gage be name . int . the kitchen , with louis nothing . the phone ring . louis almost jump out of he skin reach for it . louis hello ! irwin ( voice ) hello , Louis - - it 's irwin . I just want to be sure Rachel get back all right . as irwin say this , louis be eye fix upon something . int . the floor , with two sets of gage - track , louis' Pov one set come in from the shed - garage and head for the parlor and upstairs . the other come out of the parlor and cross to the kitchen door give directly on the outside . int . the kitchen , with louis in he eye we suddenly see that he understand everything ... or almost everything . irwin ( voice ) Louis ... be you there ? louis ( slowly ) yes -- I be here . irwin ( voice ) do she get there all right ? louis yes , she 's fine . irwin ( voice ) well , put she on at that end and I will put ellie on at this one . ellie 's very worried about she mother . ( pause ) she 's almost in hysterics . louis she ... Rachel 's asleep . irwin ( a edge in he voice now ) then I suggest you wake she up . ellie ... I think she have a dream that she mother be dead . louis I will call you right back . irwin ( voice ) Louis --! but louis , whose last few response have be almost trancelike , hang up . he look at the track , then go into the parlor . int . the crandall live room , with the phone tiny bloody hand lift it off the cradle . a tiny bloody finger dial . int . the creed kitchen the phone start to ring . after two or three ringy - dingy , louis , look extremely upset , come out of the parlor and pick it up . louis irwin , you will just have to -- gage ( voice ) I be at jud 's , daddy . will you come over and play with I ? louis be dumbfounded ... slack - mouth with terror . louis ( a bare whisper ) gage ? gage ( voice ) mommy already come . we play , daddy . first I play with jud and then mommy come and I play with mommy . we have a awful good time . now I want to play with you . gage begin to giggle ... a really awful sound . louis what do you do ? what do you -- click ! the gage -thing hang up , still giggle . int . the creed bed , cu he put the doctor- bag down on the bed and root through it . he come up with three syringe , still wrap in paper , and put they aside . then he root around some more and come up with several ampoule . he hold one up for inspection and we can read the word morphine on it very clearly . int . the bedroom , with louis he carry the syringe and ampoule of morphine over to the window . his hair have go partially white . he fill all three syringe with morphine ( use two ampoule for each syringe - - i.e. , enough to kill a polar bear ) and put they in the leave breast pocket of he shirt . he put the spare ampoule in the right breast pocket of he shirt . louis be slowly go insane . what remain of he rationality be like a rapidly fray rope . louis what you buy be what you own , and sooner or later what you own come home to you . be not that what you say , jud ? be not that pretty much it ? he leave the room . ext . the front door of the creed house louis come out the door . in one hand he 's get a raw pork chop . in the other he be carry a pair of playtex rubber glove . he walk to the soft shoulder and wait for a orinco truck to pass . then he cross . ext . the crandall walk , with louis he walk most of the way to the house , then stop . ext . church , louis " S Pov he get up , humping he back warily . ext . louis louis hi , Church . want some grub ? he toss the pork chop onto the grass . ext . church he hurry down the step , go to the chop , sniff it , and start to chow up . he look up at : ext . louis he be pull on the rubber glove . louis do not mind I . eat it while you can . eat all you want . ext . church he start worry the chop again . smack-smack-smack . ext . angle on louis and church louis eat all you can ... all you want ... that 's right ... today 's Thanksgiving day for cat , but only if they come back from the dead ... he finish with the glove , get one of the load syringe out of he breast pocket , hold it up , squirt a drop out of the tip , then move toward church . church look up . louis stop move . church start eat again , and louis start move again as soon as he do . all the time he talk to the cat in that soothing voice . he bend down ... and grab he . church begin to squall and fight . louis hold onto he . he try to get the syringe into the cat and church almost get away . louis no , you do not ! ext . church , cu the syringe plunge into he haunch . ext . church and louis the needle be still dangle out of church be haunch . the cat look daze . it try to walk and fall over on its side . it try to get up ... and then fall over again . louis go on . lie down . play dead . be dead . he walk to the porch step and pick up the tote-bag . ext . the tote - bag , louis' Pov any doubt he might have allow himself the luxury of have be erase by the initial -- r.c. , same as the cola . ext . louis twang ! one of the few remain strand of sanity have now parte . he look back at : int . church , on the path , louis' Pov Dead . ext . louis he climb the step and go onto the porch . ext . louis , on the porch he strip off the rubber glove . he toss they onto the table beside jud be beer - can as he go inside . int . the foyer of the crandall home , with louis it 's dark in here , and spooky . louis Rachel ? ( pause ) jud ? ( long pause ) gage ? no answer . he look down and see : int . a shoe , louis' Pov one of rachel be shoe . it lie by the foot of the stair . int . louis he go over and pick up the shoe . it 's a three - quarter heel , and it 's pretty badly scuff . rachel , after all , do some pretty hard travel to get here . there 's a spot of blood on it . SOUND : a low giggle . louis look up : int . the stair , louis' Pov mighty dark . mighty shadowy . SOUND : another giggle . int . louis , at the foot of the stair louis gage ? int . the stair gage ( voice ) let 's play , daddy ! let 's play hide and go seek ! int . louis he take one of the load syringe from he pocket . louis all right , gage ... let 's . he begin to climb the stair . int . upstair , with louis louis arrive on the landing . we begin the nerve-wrack business of check room . first , the bathroom ... and the shower curtain be of course pull . louis yank it back . nothing . he check the linen closet . nothing . go back to the hall . look down it . he walk slowly along it . he check one room . it 's a guest room . shadowy and empty . down the hall . a closet door . a bag fall off the top shelf , and a bunch of ceramics inside it shatter loudly . louis flinch back . down the hall . now he 's at jud be room . he go in . int . jud' room , with louis he check the closet . no go . he step around the bed and see : int . the floor , louis' Pov a bloodstain . int . louis he get down on he hand and knee and examine the bloodstain . he see the skirt on the bedspread . he lift it . he be nose to nose with jud , who be dead with he eye open , a expression of incredible horror on he face . the door slam . louis bolt to he foot as giggle fade down the hall . slowly , he kneel down and speak to the skirt of the spread , which have mercifully fall back into place . louis I be sorry , jud . I be so sorry . I be -- there 's a squeaking , squealing SOUND . louis turn around . he get up again . he start for the door . then he turn back and speak to jud again . louis I be go to set thing back in order . I ... I know just what to do . he go out . int . the hallway , with louis he take one of the two remain load syringe from he breast pocket . louis gage ? another squeaking SOUND . and another giggle . louis start slowly forward . he get about halfway down the hall -- and we nerve be tune to the break point -- when there be a squealing creak and a grating thump from overhead . int . ceiling trapdoor this happen fast . the trap -- which presumably give on the attic with a set of fold stair -- rise , and rachel be body plunge down through and then hang , swinging : she have be bound around the armpit and as become a grotesque parody of missy dandridge . half she face be go . eaten . int . louis he scream and back against the wall . twang ! the last silver thread part . int . the trapdoor , with gage he leap down , crash on the floor , and then pick himself up . he be wave the scalpel . gage ( screeching ) allee - allee - in-free ! allee - allee - in - free ! allee - allee-in-free ! int . louis and gage I will not choreograph all the move , but gage slashes he stunne father up pretty badly with the scalpel . he 's screeching the whole time . louis finally begin to react . he grapples with the little critter , and try to get the syringe into he . no good . it 's bat out of he hand just before he can do it . it break . louis and gage fall to the floor . louis get the other syringe out of he pocket , but it 's also knock out of he hand . only consolation be this one be not break . it roll off along the floor . louis finally manage to get it again as the struggle go on , and plunge it into gage be neck . gage no fair ! no fair ! he get to he foot , claw for the needle lolling out of he neck . he 's lose all interest in he father . he go staggering away . he 's slow down . he go to he knee ... and fall on he face . louis watch this ... and then he vacant , half - catatonic gaze go to : int . rachel , louis' Pov she swing slowly back and forth . ext . the back yard of the crandall house time have pass . it 's late afternoon . louis come out with a sheet - wrap form in he arm . rachel , of course . he set the body down and go back inside . int . the kitchen , with louis he 's splash around a can of coal - oil . when he 's get the room wetted down to he satisfaction , he go to the door , light a match , and toss it . flame run across the floor . the fire be slow at first , but then it begin to gain rapidly . louis go out . ext . the back lawn , with louis he pick up the sheet - wrap form of he wife and walk around the side of the house as flame shoot through the kitchen window . ext . the front of the crandall house , from across the road louis appear with he shroud burden and approach the road . --- page 134 missing from hard copy --- ext . the smouldering ruins of the crandall house night camera hold for a moment , then rise and look toward the creed house . there 's one light on -- in the kitchen . tolling continue : Three ...four ... five ... int . the kitchen table , with louis louis be filthy , cover with dry blood . he be play at patience . he hold a handful of card . tolling continue : six ...seven ... SOUND : the back door open . SOUND : cricket from outside . ree-ree-ree ... SOUND : gritting footstep . louis look up . he do not look behind , at what 's come . he look straight ahead . louis and what you own always come home to you . he flip up one card . tolling continue : eight ... int . the card it 's the bitch , the Queen of spade , she who supposedly poison the laddy in the Tower . louis be hand fall upon it . tolling continue : nine ...ten ... int . louis , cu a hand clotted with grave - dirt fall on he shoulder . a woman 's hand . tolling conclude : eleven ... twelve ... rachel ( voice ) darling . fade out on the SOUND of cricket .