Di bonaventura picture 5555 melrose Ave . Los Angeles , CA 90038 ( 323 ) 956-5454 pet sematary screenplay by Jeff buhler base on the novel by Stephen King June 12 , 2017 third rewrite fade in : ext . rural maine - night long aerial shot over a sea of dark wood . the moon hang over the tree on the horizon , obscure by thin cloud . a cluster of light below we . the sleepy town of ludlow , maine . we pass over house nestle around pond , a quaint downtown , tiny road branching into the surround hill . the last of the house slip away below as we move further out over the endless tree , slowly descend down into -- ext . dark wood - continuous we be inside the wood now . Moon flicker through branch as we pick up a narrow path wind through the tree . we Pov slow as we settle on a wooden sign nail to a tree . in hand paint childish scrawl it read : pet sematary . as we hold on the sign , there 's a noise in the darkness . animal feet crunching through pine needle . the shape of a dog come into view . just a shadow stand in the trail . hulk , fur clump and dirty . eye black . the rag dog walk down the trail past we as we -- CUT to : ext . back yard - night a wide , grassy lawn near the edge of the wood . toy leave out for the night . a sprinkler tapping softly somewhere . there 's a light in the second story window as -- the dog from the wood move into frame . it stand still for a long beat in the darkness . look at that window as we -- CUT to : int . boy' bedroom - same time a young boy ( 9 ) sleep in bed . a model of the solar system travel in mechanical circle over he head . after a beat -- 2 . the boy open he eye , sense something . after a beat , he slide out of bed . as he foot come to the floor we notice -- a shovel and some dirty clothes stashed under the bed . the boy cross to the window , peer out to -- the backyard . toys. sprinkler . no sign of the dog . he walk to he bedroom door , slowly open it to reveal -- nothing there . just a empty dark hallway . int . long dark hallway - continuous the boy move down the hall follow by he elongate shadow that bend up the wall . he pause by he parent 's room , glance at he mother and father sleep in they bed . he continue past they door , turn down the stair . int . live room - continuous clothes and toy . a clock tick softly . after a beat -- the Boy come down the stair . he move across the room to the front window , pull the curtain back to peek out -- Pov of the porch ... the stair ... the empty lawn . then -- a dark shape slip past ! the boy press against the wall , terror rise as we hear -- two soft scratch on the outside of the door . something want to come inside . the boy stand for a beat , not believe what he know to be true . afraid to move . after a beat , he step closer , reach for the door -- close as he turn the knob , pull it open to reveal -- nothing there . ext . front lawn - moment later the sprinkler tap lightly along the side of the house as the boy come down the porch stair to the lawn in he pajamas . he squint into the shadow , barely able to form the word -- boy Buck ? that you , boy ? the house loom behind he , front door hang open as the boy step further out onto the lawn . behind he we notice -- a dog shape shadow slinking across the lawn . the boy hear the noise and spin to see -- buck , the dog from the wood , stand in the shadow . the dog 's head hang low , breathe slow and rag . the boy step closer , eye fill with wonder and awe . boy ( cont 'd ) I know you would come back . jesse say it would not work but I just know ... the boy stop as Buck move into the light . drool swing from he mouth , eye heavy . a bloody scar over he eye . boy ( cont 'd ) you hungry ? want some food ? Buck just stare back . Dead eye lock on the boy . boy ( cont 'd ) Buck , it 's I . you be okay now . Buck step forward . a hint of blackness swirl in he eye . the boy glance at the open door . he desperately want to turn and run as the dog 's mouth tighten into a growl . boy ( cont 'd ) stay outside , okay ? 1I / x11 bring you some food ... the boy turn toward the house , try to walk slowly as -- squeeek !!! he step on a plastic dog toy on the lawn . the boy look over he shoulder as the dog charge . he run for the house in he pajamas , the dog gain ground behind he . the boy hit the stair , slip and scramble onto the porch ... the open front door only a few foot away -- but he slip . crash to the ground on he chest . light go on in the house . we hear voice come from upstairs . close on the boy 's terrify face as he slowly lift himself onto he hand to look back over he shoulder and see -- the dog in the shadow . eye pure black . teeth bare . the boy scramble for the open door as the dog -- lunge right into camera and we -- smash to black . the scream , snarling dog attack fade into the flutter sound of a play card in the spoke of a bike as we -- fade in : ext . suburban neighborhood - day close on the wheel of a bike with two playing card pin to the front fork with laundry pin . pull out to reveal -- ellie ( 9 ) , hair flow behind she , eye shine with life as she steer she bike up onto the sidewalk and into -- ext . suburban home - continuous the driveway of a modest , single story home on a block with a dozen identical single story home . ellie slow down by the real estate sign in the front yard that exclaim : sold ! gage ( 3 ) see ellie on she bike and he face light up -- gage ellie home ! ellie 's parent rachel and louis look up from cram the last of they belonging into a station wagon . they be sweat and tired from pack . Rachel glance at Louis . rachel let I talk to she . Rachel come over to ellie , look a little concerned -- rachel ( cont 'd ) where would you go , honey ? think you be just say goodbye to Stephanie ? ellie pull a cute mouse - shape cat toy out of she pocket . ellie I do not want Church to be bored . Rachel 's heart melt . ellie be thoughtful and sensitive . Louis come up behind they to grab ellie 's bike . he pause for a moment , check in with she . louis you gonna be okay ? ellie nod but we can see she 's a little unsure . ellie you think the kid at my new school will be nice ? Louis kneel down , brush the hair out of she eye . louis they be go to love you , El . Rachel come over , take a last look at they old house -- rachel good bye , Boston . CUT to : aerial shot over boston , bay and bridge spill out below . a tangle of building , road and waterway as we pick up -- the station wagon crossing the zakim bridge , head out of the city . the car drive up I - 95 , through coastal town , and waterway , finally past a sign read : welcome to maine . rural and beautiful . the car turn inland on a small highway wind up into the wood as the sun sink behind the tree . int . station wagon - sunset Louis drive while Rachel navigate . ellie and gage sit in back , Church in he pet carrier between they . gage bang on Church 's carrier with a toy to get ellie 's attention . gage ellie . ellie . ellie-phant ! ellie Mom ? it 's not fair to Church . Rachel glance back . Church be sleep with he new toy . rachel I be pretty sure Church be okay . ellie turn to the window , ignore gage as Louis slow down . rachel ( cont 'd ) must be some kind of ordinance against road sign around here ? ellie be we lose ? Louis stare out a intersection lead into endless tree . louis no . we be not lose . ( to Rachel ) be we ? ellie if we do not like it in Maine do we get to move back to Boston ? rachel daddy 's new job be here , honey . louis think about it , El . you back yard be go to be a whole forest . ellie look out the window . ellie forest be boring . up ahead we see a small market advertising bait and tackle . rachel that 's it . remember that market ? louis hang on , everyone . Louis make the turn onto a narrow two lane road . ext . rural maine - later the station wagon cruise down a long stretch of empty road . int . station wagon - dusk Louis rub he eye . gage have fall asleep . Rachel stare out at big home set back in the tree . after a beat -- rachel so quiet out here . louis good quiet ? rachel just quiet . he glance over -- louis have second thought ? rachel we could never afford a place like this in Boston . Louis study she face . that do not answer he question . ellie daddy ! watch out ! the dog from the open stand in the road . Louis hit the brake , screeching to a halt . the creepy dog stand in the headlight , unmove . its fur be clump and dirty , eye red and dark . just stare into the light . louis ( quietly ) everyone okay ? ellie and Rachel nod as the dog walk slowly around the car . gage open he sleepy eye as the dog pause , look at he . gage doggie ... the dog turn , slip off into the tree . gage ( cont 'd ) bye bye . ext . creed house - evening cricket so loud it 's almost unnatural . headlights flicker in the tree as the station wagon creep up the driveway . Louis park by a large two -story home with wraparound wooden porch and swing . the same house from the open sequence . Rachel pull gage out of he seat as ellie walk to she father , take he hand , stare up at the star overhead . the night be warm . a light wind . Dark and magical . ellie why do not we have star like this in Boston . louis we do . you just can not see ‘em . rachel what do you think of the house , El ? ellie walk forward , look up at the massive house . ellie this whole place be ours ? louis ( nodd ) Front door should be open . mover drop everything off today . ellie open the door , stand for a moment in the doorway . then she take off run from room to room , switch on light , she excited voice echoing through empty space . ellie ( 0.s. ) it 's so big ! I love it !! Louis walk with Rachel and gage into the house as we -- CUT to : int . live room - day the house be partially unpack , box and rug lie around . Church lie on he favorite cushion in the front window as Louis and Rachel unpack box in the live room . Louis prepare to nail a picture hanger into the wall -- rachel hey , do not . gage be napping . Louis lean the picture against the wall , look around -- louis do ellie finish she room ? behind he Church stretch and jump down to the floor . as Rachel and Louis continue talk we drop into -- cat Pov weaving through box , down the hallway into the kitchen , across the room to he food bowl . Church pause , hungrily finish what 's leave in the bowl . back in cat Pov as we slip under the table and out into the hallway . we Pov turn to see a door sit open . we approach . Church stand at the door , sniff the damp air . we hear Louis look for ellie somewhere in the house . louis ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ellie ? where have you go ? Church push the basement door open , slip down into -- int . basement - continuous cat Pov as we come down the stair , slip under the work bench and finally crossing to some shelf where we find -- a_ small cubby hole cover by a fade curtain . Church pause . there 's something in there . as he sniff -- two hand shoot out pull the cat into the tiny space . inside the cubby ellie sit curl up and try not to giggle as she hold Church in she lap . ellie quiet , okay ? we be hide . after a beat we hear heavy foot come down the stair . a shape move behind the curtain . two foot be stand there . ellie scream as Louis suddenly pull the curtain back ! louis found you ! he grab ellie as she giggle and squirm away . ellie no fair ! Church give I away !! Church take off up the stair . ellie follow . ellie ( cont 'd ) that 's my special hide place . do not tell anyone , okay ? 10 . Louis follow they out of the basement . ext . side yard - day Rachel work in she vegetable garden , set up tall stake and string for she bean plant . ellie come around down the porch stair , walk over to she mother . ellie can I watch a show ? I be bored . Rachel pull off she glove , wiping she brow -- rachel why do not you play outside ? it 's so nice out . ellie ( sulk ) there 's nothing to do ... her voice drift off as we hear a soft repetitive drum beat somewhere . dry and sad . ellie and Rachel walk around the side of the house to see -- a procession of child march toward the wood . a somber boy in the front push a wheelbarrow with a lump wrap in a sheet and some piece of wood and a shovel . he be follow by a single file line of child in animal mask , walk slowly . at the end of the line , a girl ina cat mask pound out the funeral march . strange and surreal . ellie ( cont 'd ) what be they do ? rachel look like some kind of procession . ellie what 's a procession ? rachel like a parade but not for fun . ellie walk closer , mesmerize as the strange child make they way into the tree . the drum beat echoing . the girl at the end of the line in the cat mask glance back at ellie as she turn up into the wood . ellie follow , walk to the edge of the lawn where the trail begin . 11 . ellie' Pov of the hand paint sign read : pet sematary . the same trail we see in the open . ellie start up the trail , then stop . there 's something about this place . it 's too dark . too frightening . a hand touch ellie 's shoulder and she jump . it 's Rachel . rachel ( cont 'd ) must be a pet cemetery up there ... ellie ( sad ) one of they pet die ? Rachel can see ellie 's frighten -- rachel let 's go help daddy . gage will be waking up from he nap soon . ellie look relieved as they turn back . as they walk back down the trail , she glance over to see -- they neighbor's house peek through the wood . a cottage with gray shingles , smoke rise from a chimney , dark and mossy . there 's someone in the window . ellie look up , notice she mother have continue walk . she quickly run to catch up to Rachel as we -- CUT to : int . ellie 's room - night stuff animal , poster , book . a night light send purple butterfly across the wall in lazy circle . ellie lie in bed as Rachel and Louis tuck she in . she seem worried . louis you okay ? ellie speak softly , she mind racing with scary thought . ellie when be Church go to die ? louis everyone have to die sometime . that 's how life work . ellie even you and mommy ? Rachel come over , sit on the side of the bed -- rachel you be think about all this because of that place in the wood ? ellie nod . Louis take a breath , then launch in -- louis when someone die ... even a cat or a doggie ... they body go into the ground but that do not mean they be go forever ... off ellie 's confuse look -- louis ( cont 'd ) remember when nana pass away and we all fly down to Florida ? ellie nod . rachel what daddy 's say be nana 's body go into the cemetery but she spirit go up to heaven . she 's up there right now . I bet she can even see you new room . ellie people in heaven can watch we ? louis I do not know if it work like that exactly . no one really know -- Rachel shoot Louis a look and he quickly switch gear . louis ( cont 'd ) you do not need to worry about any of this stuff because Church and I and mommy be go to be around for a long , long time . ellie you promise ? louis promise . Louis and Rachel lean in to kiss ellie good night as we -- 13 . push past ellie 's worried face to the dark wood outside . CUT to : ext . master bedroom —- later Louis stand in he pajama bottom brush he tooth . as he spit out and rinse , Rachel come up behind he -- rachel ( imitate he ) everyone have to die sometime , kid . deal with it ! he turn around to face she , a playful smile on he face . louis you be the one who say dead people watch we from the sky . that 's pretty creepy for a kid . rachel they be ! she push he over to the bed . rachel ( cont 'd ) why do you doctor have such a hard time with spirituality ? you really think people be just flesh and bone with no soul ? louis I be just inject a element of reality into she life . everything you be sell be a fairy tale . a flicker of pain in Rachel 's eye -- louis ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not mean you sister ... Rachel sit on the edge of the bed . rachel I know what it 's like to lose someone when you be a kid . I do not want she think about this stuff yet . let she have the fairy tale . he lie down , pull she into she arm -- 14 . louis you be right . I be sorry . let 's live the fairy tale . Rachel fold into Louis 's chest , kissing he . rachel thank you . CUT to : ext . creed house - morning the sun rise over the creed home and surround wood . ext . back yard - day ellie stand in the grass , stare at the trail lead up into the wood . she take a breath , head up the trail . ext . wood - moment later ellie walk past the pet sematary sign , wind up the narrow trail , head deeper into the forest . tree block the light as ellie grow smaller in the trail , disappear around a corner . swallow up by the wood . ext . pet cemetery - day ellie come to a clear of grass with tiny gravestone . she slow down , take in the sudden presence of death all around she . each name represent a family pet who die . she pause by a freshly dig grave . the wooden sign read : talulah . best dog in the world . June 6 , 2016 . a dog collar hang on the sign . this must be the pet from the procession . she walk around the ring of grave . bird , cat and hamster . she stop at one : biffer . one helluva sniffer . Oct. 1958 . the one in the innermost ring be old and decaye , clump of grass obscure the name : smuckey . 1917 . the wind blow through the tree , catch ellie 's attention . she notice the path through the cemetery stop abruptly at a pile of branch and tree . ellie look for a way around the huge pile but it 's block by thorny thicket and bramble . 15 . someone build a deadfall to block the path . ellie reach for the first limb . it creak under she weight . she move higher , branch bend as she make she way to the top of the pile . suddenly , a voice behind she -- old man ( 0.s. ) get off of there ! ellie turn and lose she balance . she tumble backwards to the ground , cut she knee open on a rock as the old man run up behind she , glance nervously at the deadfall . old man ( cont 'd ) you kid should not be up here . ellie touch the blood on she leg , eye flutter . ellie I cut my knee ... fade to black . boot crunching through underbrush as we fade in to -- ext . wood - day the old man carry ellie down the trail in he arm . his hand be huge and rough , face hard as if carve from stone . ellie 's head loll as he walk . her eye drift open -- ellie' upside down Pov : the tree bounce up and down with the movement of he gait . she pass out again . fade to black : the sound of water run as we fade in to -- int . jud' house - day ellie wake up on a couch in a dark cottage . it smell like cigarettes and stale beer . Water run in a sink somewhere . ellie sit up , realize she 's in a stranger 's home . her head be still foggy as she look around at dead animal mount on the wall . taxidermy . a rifle on the wall . ellie stand , heart racing . this feel dangerous . suddenly , the old man appear in the door behind . ellie spin around -- 16 . ellie who be you ? how do I get in here ? the old man from the pet cemetery step into filter light . this be jud ( 60' ) , unflinch , a reclusive hunter with a five day beard and some hard year etched in he eye . jud you fall off the deadfall . must have pass out when you see blood . ellie take a step backwards , assess the threat . ellie I should get home . my mom ... jud drag a ottoman across the floor with a heavy scratch . jud sit down . not gonna bite you . ellie sense something in jud 's eye . this guy be shy , not mean . he 's not intimidating . just _a_sad and lonely man . ellie sit down put she leg on the ottoman . jud sit across from she , clean the scrape with a warm washcloth . she watch he as he work , concentrate . after a beat -- ellie what 's you name ? jud ignore she for a beat , then -- jud you first . ellie Eleanor creed . we just move here from Boston . jud nod , glance up -- jud jud . ellie I see you in the window the other day . you be we neighbor . 17 . jud live in this house for sixty three year . see a lot of people come and go from yours . jud walk to the bathroom to look for something . jud ( cont 'd ) ( mumble as he rummages ) kid should not be up in that wood . not safe up there . ellie notice a photo on the table nearby and pick one up . angle on the photo : jud in a suit , much young , stand proudly next to a pretty girl in a bridal gown . ellie notice jud in the doorway hold a Band - Aid . jud ( cont 'd ) you make a habit of go through people 's thing ? ellie set the photo down . she study he a moment , then -- ellie be that you wife ? jud sit again , unwrap the Band - Aid . he glance up . jud her name be Norma . ellie she 's pretty . jud busy himself with the Band - Aid . hiding he sadness . ellie ( cont 'd ) what happen to she ? jud look up . this girl be confound he . jud she be sick . pass away . ellie she 's still here , you know . she 's watch we from heaven . ellie smile at jud . a layer of ice melt off he heart . jud that so , ellie ? 18 . ellie nod , jump up . she walk to the door -- ellie you want to come and meet my cat ? his name be Church . jud stand up . jud I do not keep pet . not around here . ellie nod to the animal stuff on the wall -- ellie you only like to shoot they ? jud sigh , follow she to the door -- jud Fine . i’11l come meet you damn cat if you want ... int . creed house - day ellie walk out of the wood with jud . Rachel look up from she garden , surprised to see ellie with some strange man . she come over , wiping she hand on she work pants -- rachel El ? everything okay ? ellie I fall on a rock . jud help I . ellie point to the Band - Aid . Rachel kneel down . rachel oh , sweetie . you okay ? ellie nod . Rachel stand , hold out she hand to jud . rachel ( cont 'd ) Mr. crandall , right ? thank you . jud most folk just call I jud . Rachel smile , try to break the awkwardness -- 19 . rachel well , thank you , jud . it 's nice to meet we neighbor . ellie grab jud 's hand , pull he toward the house . ellie come and meet Church . she point to she bedroom window upstairs -- ellie ( cont 'd ) my room 's on the second floor . we house in Boston do not even have a second floor ... jud glance back at Rachel as ellie tug he up the porch . jud kid 's like a force of nature . rachel you have no idea . int . dine room - night the dining room table be cover in dish and empty bottle of beer and wine from dinner . float past the mess into -- int . live room - continuous jud sit in a chair as ellie perform a dance for he . Louis and Rachel sit on the couch with gage curl on Rachel 's lap . this be ellie 's favorite thing , spin through the room , free and easy , swoop past she parent to make they laugh . jud sip a beer , enjoy the show as ellie finish with a pirouette . ellie beam , take a bow . everyone clap . Louis start rummage in a wooden cabinet -- louis want another drink , jud ? think I have some scotch here somewhere ... jud better get home while I can still walk . Louis notice jud 's wedding ring . 20 . louis do not realize you be marry . ( to Rachel ) we should have invite he wife over . ellie you can not dad . she die . rachel ellie , hey . that 's not polite . jud wave this idea away , stand up -- jud ellie do not mean anything by it . he turn to Louis -- jud ( cont 'd ) be a long time since I get to sit with folk and just jaw a little . ( to Rachel ) and even longer since I have good home cooking like that . thank you . Louis walk with jud to the door . louis we will have you over again , jud . Nice to meet you . ellie jud , wait ... ellie run over to jud , give he a long , spontaneous hug . ellie ( cont 'd ) good night , jud . jud good night , ellie . CUT to : int . kitchen - the next morning ellie stand by the kitchen door in she dance clothes . ellie come on , mom . I do not want to be late . Rachel appear with gage , shouting over she shoulder -- 21 . rachel Louis ? you come ? Louis arrive in he scrub , jingling the key in he hand . louis be look for this . the family rush outside as Louis reach back to pull the kitchen door close . slam it a little too hard . the barrier on the cat door slide down with a thunk ! CUT to : ext . driveway - day the station wagon pull out of the driveway . Church come trot up the driveway to the cat door . he try to push it open but the barrier be down . lock out . he try to nudge through but eventually give up and walk around the house , head down the path toward jud 's place . int . jud 's house - day jud stand over he stove fry hash in a skillet , cigarette dangle from he lip . he scrape the food onto a plate then take the pan to the sink . as he turn -- Church jump up into the kitchen window behind he . as jud clean , Church step down to the counter , inching closer to the food , take a bite of the steaming pile . jud turn to see Church eat he lunch . jud get away from that . jud wave he hand , shooing Church away but the cat startles , accidentally knock the plate onto the floor with a crash . jud ( cont 'd ) go on ! get out of here . jud open the kitchen door , shove the cat into the driveway with he foot . he turn back to the mess on the floor . jud ( cont 'd ) goddamn scavenger . 22 . as he start to clean up the mess we -- CUT to : int . dance studio - day classical music play as a dance instructor direct a group of young girl through they routine . Rachel sit along the back wall with the other mom , bounce gage on she leg . move in on ellie as she concentrate to stay in time with the other girl . the music continue to play as we -- CUT to : int . examination room - same time Louis hold a chart as he enter a exam room . a strange local woman sit in a chair , leg in a compression stock . louis Morning , Mrs. Hughes . wanna tell I what 's go on with that ankle ? the woman 's face knit into a grimace of disappointment . mrs . hughes who the hell be you ? never see you before . Louis slide a chair over , prepare to examine she foot . louis that 's because I be new . my name 's Doctor Louis creed . I be take over for Bill jacobson . the woman begrudgingly extend she swollen foot . mrs . hughes about time they put Bill jacobson out to pasture . Old coot could hardly see past he own nose . CUT to : int . dance studio - same time Music still play but all the other kid have go home as ellie continue practice she routine . Rachel approach . 23. rachel sweetie , we have to get home . ellie do not hear she mother , lose in the music , trace she finger through the air . int . hospital corridor - same time Louis come down the hallway exhaust from a long day . two nurse run past he the other way . louis what be it ? nurse a boy get hit by a truck . Louis turn , follow they around the corner as -- paramedics roll a gurney through the door . the young man on the gurney be soak with blood . half he face scrape away . Louis wave the emt 's through , fall in beside the gurney . louis what do we know ? emt ( visibly shake ) his , uh , name be paskow . Victor paskow . get hit by a log truck up on lovell Creek Road ... Louis lean down to the boy as they walk -- louis Victor ? can you hear I ? the Boy move he head , he single work eye find Louis . he move he mouth , try to speak as blood gurgle out -- victor paskow do not want to die ... louis you be not die , Victor . stay with I , okay ? stay with I ... they turn a corner into a treatment area as the paramedics quickly transfer Victor to the table . a nurse peek in . 24 . nurse life Flight be on the way from bangor . twenty minute . Louis nod . that 's too long . he go back to Victor . louis Victor . listen to I . we have get a helicopter on the way . I just need you to stay focus on my voice . Victor try to speak , he eye wide with fear . victor paskow I be die ... louis no , Victor . just stay with I . ( to the nursing staff ) we need a hemostat on the femoral artery . prep two unit of blood . there 's a buzz on the machine as Victor 's heart stop . louis ( cont 'd ) goddammit . he 's coding ! Louis immediately begin compression on Victor 's chest as -- Victor 's hand shoot out , grip Louis 's arm . he pull Louis down toward he gasp mouth . try to form word -- victor paskow I can feel it inside I now . louis feel what , Victor ? Victor take a rag inhale . eye lock on Louis . victor paskow death . Victor 's body seize up , go rigid as he eye slip away . then he soften . his hand loosen its grip . he 's go . after a beat , Louis lift Victor 's hand away , lay it across the boy 's chest . Louis turn to the nurse , eye down . louis Mark the time . 25 . ext . jud 's house - driveway - same time Church pick himself up in the driveway as we hear jud cursing and clean the mess in he kitchen . we hear a rustling as Church turn to see -- that evil Dog from the open emerge from the wood . the animal look worse now . fur clump up and rag , head sling low as it move forward , eye lock on the cat . Church hiss , back up . int . jud 's house - same time jud dump a pile of break plate and food into the trash as -- we hear a loud cat squeal and a deeper , loud snarl . jud go to the window , look out -- the Dog have church in he jaw , shaking he wildly . jud sonofabitch !! jud grab the broom and race out to -- ext . jud 's house - driveway - continuous jud swing the broom at the wild Dog . the Dog jump out of the way , give Church a final , deadly shake with he head . crack ! we hear the sickening SNAP of bone break as the Dog drop Church , racing off into the tree . angle on Church , blood seeping from puncture wound . his head flop to the side . neck break . jud dammit ... ellie ... jud glance over at the creed House as we -- CUT to : int . ellie 's room - night Rachel sit on the edge of ellie 's bed . ellie seem worried . 26 . ellie I do not understand . Church always come home for dinner . rachel he 's probably out explore . ellie he should not be out in that wood . rachel shhh , honey . Church will be fine . you need to get some sleep . ellie lie back . her mind spin bad thought . ellie will you keep the light on in case he 's try to find we ? Rachel give ellie a little kiss . rachel of course , I will . int . car - night Louis drive down the road , he mind still back in the er , distract by the trauma of lose Victor paskow . he absently flick on he blinker , about to turn up the driveway when we hear a loud hoooonk ! headlights fill Louis 's car as he look up to see -- a huge 18 wheeler roaring right toward he car . the truck veer into the shoulder , miss he car by inch . Louis watch in the mirror as the huge truck rumble past , a freight train of chrome and dust , disappear behind he . he take a breath and carefully pull up the drive to find -- someone stand outside he house in the driveway . it 's jud . CUT to : int . jud' house - night Louis and jud stare down at a lump on the wash machine . 27 . louis Jesus ... what happen ? jud pull the sheet back to reveal Church , bloody puncture wound on he side , blood crust on he nose and mouth . jud Wild dog . all kind of animal in that wood ... Louis touch Church 's body . it 's already go stiff . jud ( cont 'd ) it 's my fault . Church have jump in here and make a mess . I get so steam , I shove he out the door . jud pour two shot from a bottle of whisky . he throw one back , hand shaking . he hand the other to Louis . jud ( cont 'd ) animal out here be scavenger . Bet that old dog have he eye on Church since you guy move in . Louis toss he whisky back , take a moment to think . louis what do I tell ellie ? the move have already be so hard for she . this be go to break she heart . jud watch Louis . a idea brewing in he head . jud what be you go to do ? louis I do not know . Louis nod as he pull the sheet back over the cat . louis ( cont 'd ) you mind keep he here while I go talk to Rachel ? she 's better at figure this stuff out . jud sure thing . Louis head for the back door , lose in think -- jud ( cont 'd ) Louis , wait ... 28 . Louis pause in the doorway , look back . louis yeah ? jud_want to say something but decide against it . jud it 's nothing . go be with you family . I be here if you need I . Louis nod , ducking out the door as we -- CUT to : int . creed house - moment later Rachel sit on the couch wiping tear from she eye . she look over at Church 's empty cushion , reality sink in . rachel oh , god , Louis . ellie think he 's come home . be you sure ? louis I see he myself . his neck be break . Louis sit next to Rachel as she start to cry . rachel dammit , Church . love that cat ... Louis glance at the stair to make sure ellie be not there . louis ( quietly ) maybe we can do a little burial up in that cemetery ? give ellie a chance to say a proper goodbye . rachel no , I do not want she to start obsess about death and die like I do when I be she age . louis so what do we do ? Rachel wipe she tear , formulate a decision -- 29 . rachel I do not know ... sometimes cat run away when they move . we tell she Church be still out there ... she look up at Louis , eye plead -- rachel ( cont 'd ) anything but dead . Louis hold she eye , nodd . louis I will take care of it with jud. ext . back yard - night Louis head back across the lawn , ducking through the tree . ext . jud 's house - continuous as Louis get close he notice the house be pitch black . he come up the porch , tapping lightly on the window -- louis ( whisper ) jud ? you asleep ? no answer . Louis turn , think what to do when he sees -- a flashlight head up through the tree . it 's jud and he 's carry something over he shoulder . CUT to : ext . pet cemetery - night jud stand amongst the grave , eye bleary from too much whisky . he set the heavy lump in the sheet on the ground and toss he shovel to the ground . then he turn -- take a couple wobbly step through the marker as he light come to rest on the one that read : biffer . jud sway in the moonlight , take another slug of whisky . jud ( mumble ) there you be . 30 . his eye move up to notice something else -- the deadfall across the cemetery light by the moon . jud stare at the twisted pile of dead branch , unable to turn away as the wind pick up in the tree . finally , he kneel down in front of biffer 's grave , tear on he cheek -- jud ( cont 'd ) goddamn , I miss you , boy ... a shadow appear behind jud , grow as it approach -- jud_startle , turn to see Louis stand behind he . louis I see the flashlight . Louis reach for the bottle in jud 's hand , take a swallow . louis ( cont 'd ) do not think I have make you do this all by yourself , do you ? jud gather himself , point at he dog 's grave . jud that 's my dog biffer right there . jud ''s gaze drift to the deadfall again , lose in memory . jud ( cont 'd ) death change you when you be a kid . get into you bone . Louis take another swig of whisky , study jud 's face . louis let 's get this do . Louis hand the bottle of whisky back to jud , grab the shovel off the ground to dig a hole . as he start to work -- jud take a step toward the deadfall -- jud ( softly ) I need to see it ... jud pick up the sheet with the cat and walk away . louis see what ? jud ? 31 . jud ignore he , walk toward the deadfall . Louis follow , hold the shovel in he hand as he stumble in the dark . but jud be already climb , scramble over dead branch . louis ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you go ? Louis shout as jud disappear over the top of the deadfall . louis ( cont 'd ) this be fine right here ! no answer . jud be go . louis ( cont 'd ) crazy old bastard . Louis start to climb . ext . beyond the deadfall - continuous Louis drop to the ground on the other side . he take a few cautious step , shovel still grip in he hand , scan the dark tree . there 's nothing . no sign of jud . then -- the flicker of jud 's flashlight . Louis follow . louis jud , wait up ! Louis push through the tree , lose the trail . it 's pitch black as dead branch scrape at he arm . he pause , notice something carve into the trunk of a tree -- a primitive symbol . Native and ancient . forebode . louis ( cont 'd ) the hell ..? louis 's Pov blur for a moment . the symbol on the tree waver as a buzzing sound build in he head . under that sound -- a whisper in the tree . the sound of voice long dead . Louis push forward . there be more symbol now . different one . carve into the tree like some ancient warning . louis ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) jud ? ? Louis push over a low rise to find -- 32 . ext . marshy bog - continuous a low swamp with clump of grass jutting out of the black water . fog curl as jud wade out into the shallow marsh . louis what the hell be you do ? jud ignore he , wading into the water . Louis come to the edge of the bog . he pause , he vision blur again . shadows shift and move . the darkness be alive . louis ( cont 'd ) jud , man . stop. jud pause in the water , point at something -- jud over there . Louis follow jud 's finger to see -- a circular mound of dirt stick out of the marsh . jud ( cont 'd ) it have to be right there . jud sloshes up onto the mound of dirt . Louis call out -- louis I do not understand . what be this place ? jud drop the sheet with the cat on the ground , turn back to Louis . the wind swirl with that soft whisper voice . jud can not you hear that ? it 's alive . Louis shake he head , sloshing out into the bog . he step up onto the mound of dirt , toss the shovel down . Church 's dead face stare up at he in the moonlight . jud ( cont 'd ) bury you cat . right here . louis this be crazy ... Louis turn , stumbling back in the water . then he stop . 33 . the grass rustle around he . wind whisper . he can not leave and jud know it . this place will not let he . Louis turn back to see jud hold out the shovel . jud bury you cat . close as the shovel slam into the ground . dirt . shovel . dirt. shovel . dirt. shovel . low and rhythmic like a heartbeat as a hole open in the ground . Louis slide Church into the hole , pull dirt over the cat . he try to wipe it off on he pants as jud step into frame . stare down at Louis as we -- smash CUT to : ext . creed house - dawn the first sign of light in the sky over the sleep forest . a flock of bird suddenly take flight in the morning sky , swirl up and then disappear over the creed 's house . int . master bedroom - same time track past muddy shoe and clothes scattered across the floor . settle on Louis 's face sleep in the bed as -- his eye open . he sit up on he elbow . no memory of come home or climb into bed . he glance over at Rachel , sound asleep . his hand be still cake with dirt . Louis sit on the edge of the bed , try to piece he memory back together as a hand reach out for he . he jump . rachel ( groggy ) come back . it 's too early ... louis can not sleep . Louis gather he clothes off the floor , stuff they into the hamper as he walk to the shower . Rachel look over . rachel hey , wait . you and jud take care of everything last night ? 34 . Louis get into the shower . the water go on . louis ( from the shower ) yeah . it 's all do . Rachel slide out , walk over to the bathroom door . rachel and ? louis ( from the shower ) nothing . we bury he . that 's it . rachel we still have to talk to ellie . louis I know . Rachel watch steam fill the bathroom . something seem off in Louis 's voice . int . ellie 's room - later ellie sleep in she bed . the window be open , curtain blow lightly in the breeze . Louis and Rachel enter . louis ( whisper to Rachel ) do we leave that open ? Louis go to close it as ellie wake up . rachel Morning , sweetie . ellie look up at she parent . they seem weirdly serious . ellie what be it ? louis Church , honey . jud and I go to look for he last night . rachel remember how I be tell you how sometimes when cat move to a new home they get the urge to explore ? ellie it 's okay . he do not run away . 35 . louis well , we do not know for sure ... ellie yes we do , dad . he be outside my window last night so I let he in . Louis notice cat print on the comforter . thick black mud . his blood turn to ice . it can not be Church . louis oh , honey . that be a different cat ... one of the neighbor 's ... ellie no it be not . look . ellie point behind he to the closet . ellie ( cont 'd ) he 's right there . Louis turn to see a silhouette of a cat in the closet . sitting quietly in the darkness . Louis walk to the closet , stomach churn . his hand reach for the closet door , gently pull it open -- the sliver of light slowly grow to reveal -- Church innocently lick he paw . alive and well . louis ( barely audible ) can not be ... Rachel come up next to Louis , give he a '' what the fuck '' look . he shake he head , completely at a loss , reeling . Louis kneel down , read the cat collar : churchill . rachel poor guy 's all cover in mud . Louis reach out for Church , he hand get closer . Church back away , he ear go flat , growl low . louis easy . just want to take a look ... Louis try to reach for Church but the cat hiss , swatting he finger . Louis pull he hand back . 36 . louis ( cont 'd ) ouch ! Church dart past Louis , run out of the room . ellie slide out of bed , glaring at she dad . ellie leave he alone , dad . Louis put he finger in he mouth as ellie run after she cat . Rachel turn to Louis once she 's go . rachel you say he be dead ? louis he ... he neck be break ... Rachel shoot he a look as she go after ellie -- rachel good thing you be not a vet . ext . creed house - day Louis stomp through the tree to jud 's house . up ahead we see jud chopping wood on a stump behind he cottage . ext . jud' house - back yard - continuous whack !! the axe come down split a piece of wood . jud glance up at Louis , cigarette smolder in he mouth as he set another piece of wood on the stump . jud Louis . Louis glance back to he house to see if anyone 's around . louis what 's go on ? Church be walk around over there like nothing happen ! jud search Louis 's face . he raise the axe . jud that 's what you want , be not it ? Louis think about this . there 's some truth to that . 37 . louis that cat be dead , jud . his body be get stiff . jud ellie happy he 's back ? louis of course she be . she 's thrilled . jud then maybe just leave it alone ? whack !! Wood split as the axe come down . Louis stare at jud for a moment . the conversation appear to be over . CUT to : int . dine room - night the creed family eat dinner at the table . Rachel feed gage peas as ellie talk about she dance class . ellie today miss Colette have we do this cool dragon dance where you have to follow the person in front ... ellie continue she story as Louis slowly look over at -- Church on he cushion . stare back with yellow eye . rachel dragon , Louis . ellie 's ask you if they be real or not . louis hmm ? no ... not real ... Rachel glare at Louis , annoyed . ellie it 's okay dad . louis I be sorry , El . I be tired . rachel why do not you go lay down ? louis yeah ... okay . sorry guy . 38 . Louis pick up he plate , walk into -- int . kitchen - night Louis put he plate in the sink , glance out to the wood . then he notice something else in the window -- the reflection of Church sit on the table behind he . Church 's image be surround by the tree outside , half in shadow . sinister and evil . Louis turn around . he stare at the cat for a moment , sense something strange . Church just stare back with he yellow eye . Louis go to the cabinet , take out a bag of kibble . louis down to eight life , buddy . Louis pour food in Church 's bowl , jiggling the bag . Church ignore he . just stare back at Louis . louis ( cont 'd ) not hungry ? that 's a first . Louis move closer . he can see the puncture mark on Church 's rib , now scabbed and matte under dirty fur . louis ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) what the hell happen to you ? CUT to : int . master bedroom - night Louis lie on the bed as Rachel walk past he in she pajamas . she open a drawer , pull out a small wooden box . rachel maybe he be paralyze ? you say it be he neck . louis I say he neck be break . she come back to the bed with a joint in she hand . she offer it to Louis . he shake he head -- 39 . louis ( cont 'd ) I can not tonight . my head . Rachel put the joint in she side drawer , lie next to he . rachel you guy be drink . maybe Church be in shock or something ? Louis roll onto he stomach , mumble into the pillow . louis do not seem like shock . seem like dead . Rachel crawl onto Louis 's back to rub he shoulder . rachel well , ellie 's happy . louis that 's what jud say . Louis close he eye , finally relax a little . she lean down close , she hair spilling across he body . rachel it 's be a tough month . you new job and Church . we need to have some fun . let 's throw a party for gage 's 's birthday . have we Boston friend come out , my parent ..? Louis sigh , flipping over to face she . louis I love all of that except the part about you parent . Rachel make a face , push down on he chest . rachel jerk ... he pull she close , kissing she . louis stoner . they kiss more passionately now , roll together on the bed . as it heat up we float past they to the door to reveal -- Church sit in the hallway watch they . 40 . int . upstair hallway - same time cat Pov watch Rachel and Louis make love . after a beat -- the Pov turn , glide low and smooth over the floor , down the hallway and around the corner to a slightly open door . church sit outside gage 's bedroom , nudging the door open with he nose . int . gage 's room - continuous back to cat Pov as Church slink into the room , look around , clocking the mobile on the wall , the night light , the window , the crib . the Pov move closer to the crib . reverse to Church sit outside the crib . watch gage sleep . his tail flick nervously . intense and focus . we hear ellie 's voice from somewhere in the house . ellie ( 0.s. ) Church ? here , kitty , kitty ... ellie appear in the doorway . we be back in cat Pov as we turn around to see ellie tip-toeing closer , loom over we . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) there you be , you naughty boy . ellie lean down , reach out for we with huge arm as we -- CUT to : ext . wood - night the moon hover over the creed House in the distance . int . master bedroom - night Rachel and Louis sleep with the window open . the breeze from the wood billow the curtain , a piece of paper flutter . as it settles we hear -- that soft voice we hear in the wood . Louis suddenly open he eye in bed . Wide awake . he swallow , try to assess if he be awake or dream . 41 . the wind rise and the curtain billow , the paper flutter . he shiver , sit up on he elbow . something do not feel right . the house be too quiet . he glance over -- louis rach ? hey , you awake ..? no answer from Rachel . she 's sleep on she side , face the other way . Louis reach over , shaking she gently -- louis ( cont 'd ) do you close the window in ellie 's room ? rach ..? Louis shake she again and she roll back to reveal -- it 's Victor paskow . White jaw bone gleam through he shred face . Louis push backwards , get tangle in the sheet as -- Victor 's hand clamp onto he leg . victor paskow it 's cold , Louis . cold ... Louis scream , shove himself backwards out of bed . he gasp , slide away as victor rise up to reveal -- it 's only Rachel . she click on the light , groggy . rachel what be you do ? Louis look up at Rachel , unable to speak . then -- louis ( unsure ) I be ... I must have be dream ? Louis think about this for a moment . then he notice -- Church sit on a chair nearby . watch he . CUT to : int . kitchen —- morning Louis sit at the breakfast table in he scrub , eye bleary as Rachel pack he lunch into a thermal carry bag . 42 . rachel ( re. Victor ) that 's so sad . why do not you tell I what happen ? louis the whole thing with Church happen that night . guess I just try to put it out of my mind ... Rachel come over , slide a chair close to he -- rachel please do not do that . I need to know what 's go on with you . Louis nod , memory of Victor wash over he -- louis he be a kid , rach . maybe five or six year older than ellie . ( glance at she ) if we be in Boston , I could have do more . maybe save he life . rachel oh , honey . you be there for he . Rachel come closer , hugging Louis tight -- rachel ( cont 'd ) you give he peace ... CUT to : ext . western maine medical CENTER - louis 's office - day Louis eat lunch at he desk in he doctor clothes , chew he food as he scroll through search result on he laptop . on the screen we see a map with the word : mi’kmaq tribal land . Louis lean closer . there be a shade area with a header explain : Area of extinction event ( 1788 ) . Louis click another link and suddenly we see -- the symbol that be carve into the tree . below each one be a translation : death . resurrection . Hunger . evil . Louis sit back as a charcoal sketch of the last tribal chief load on the screen . his eye be pure black . 43 . Louis notice something in the background . he enlarge the image to see that the Chief be surround by a marshy bog . a mound of dirt peek out of the black water behind he . CUT to : int . bathroom - day ellie sit with Church in the middle of the floor . she have towel spread out and some pet groom supplies . ellie what have you be digging in out there ? you smell terrible ... she reach for a pet brush and begin to brush out Church 's coat . close as the bristle pull through matte knot . ellie look at the brush : big clump of fur be come off . Church try to squirm away but ellie hold he down -- ellie ( cont 'd ) hang on , Church ! there 's something gross in you hair . she try to brush the cat but Church spin and hiss , swatting she leg with he claw . ellie scream , jump back as Church scamper out of the room . she stand , horrify -- deep scratch bleed down she leg . CUT to : ext . driveway - night headlights through the tree as Louis arrive home from work . int . ellie 's room - later ellie lie on she bed as Louis tape gauze bandage to she leg where she be scratch . louis there you go , honey . all finish . ellie roll over , look up at she father . 44 , ellie why would he do that ? Church have never scratch I before ... Louis look troubled as he stuff he supplies back into he doctor bag sit open on the bed . louis I do not know . maybe live way out here be make he wild again . ellie pull up she blanket , face clouding up . ellie maybe he do not like it here . she roll over , face away from he -- ellie ( cont 'd ) neither do I . Louis sit for a beat , then -- louis Stephanie be come up with she mom and dad to visit for gage 's party . she could sleep over if you want ? ellie roll back , look up at Louis -- ellie really ? louis ( nodd ) I do not see why not . we get all the room in the world . a flicker of anticipation bounce into she eye -- ellie I could show she my new dance . Louis lean down , kissing ellie on the forehead . louis she will love it . now get some rest . you have school in the morning ... Louis kiss ellie and click off the light . he walk to the door , leave it open a crack as he step out into -- 45 . int . upstair hallway - continuous Louis stop as he notice -- Church sit at the end of the hallway . Louis reach back , close ellie 's door all the way until it click . he turn toward Church , shooing he with he hand . louis ( quietly ) get out of here ! Church turn and scamper down the stair as we -- CUT to : ext . ludlow , maine - the next day Louis drive slowly through the quaint business district . he slow , search for a address and pull into a non-descript building mark county record office . int . country record office - day Louis follow lionel havering ( 70' ) , administrator of public record and land deed for the town of ludlow . he talk as they walk down a hallway past a number of office door . havering they have be talk about put all this old record on computer for year but with all the budget cut we have have ... louis we house , 2116 bear Creek . it run right up against the wood . haver pause as he secretary hear the address . she share a know glance with haver then look down . the Old man open he office door , wave Louis into -- int . havering 's office - continuous cramped with file cabinet , map of the ludlow on the wall , stack of file and papers shove into messy pile . 46 . louis you know the specific lot I be talk about ? haver glance at Louis -- havering I know every plot of land in he town ... but that one tend to come up in the system more than other . he pull out a surveyor map from the 1950' , spread it out across he desk . Louis join haver as he point -- havering ( cont 'd ) here 's you house . top of bear Creek Road . only other person life up there be jud crandall . louis we have meet jud . he 's a nice guy . haver glance at Louis , a curious look on he face -- havering crab be nice , too . ( beat ) when they have be steam . angle on the map as haver trace out a old boundary line . havering ( cont 'd ) all this land include the lot under you house be part of the old mi’kmag reservation . be not ' till the early 1900 's that it get officially incorporate . louis I think the mi’kmagq die off in some kind of extinction event ? havering some say they move north . some say they get smallpox . all we know for sure be they never come back . louis what about the people who have the house before we ? the pearson . 47 . havering move away after they lose they son . Bank take over the property and I guess they sell it to you . Louis think about this , almost not want to know -- louis and the people before they ? a beat as haver study Louis 's face -- havering like I say , that particular lot have change hand more than a few time . off Louis 's face look down at the map we -- CUT to : ext . creed house - day Rachel play with gage on the rug in the live room . we pan over to pick up Church sit behind they on the couch . the tea kettle begin to whistle in the kitchen as Rachel playfully move a small fuzzy giraffe closer to gage . rachel ( giraffe voice ) hey mister ! you gonna just sit there or play with I ? gage giggle , smile at the giraffe -- gage play with you ! rachel ( giraffe voice ) well , come on then . get play ! gage reach for the toy as the tea kettle whistle louder . rachel ( cont 'd ) ( giraffe voice ) mommy 's go to go make she tea . gage play with the giraffe as Rachel slide back and walk off toward the kitchen . as she exit , we hear a soft thump ! Church have jump down and be walk across the rug . 48 . gage 's Pov as the cat move around he in a slow circle . gage churchie kitty . gage drop he giraffe and reach for Church but -- Church grab the giraffe and slip past gage . gage stand up , waddling after the cat -- gage ( cont 'd ) no ... my toy ! Church run up the stair as gage wander over , look up the stair . Church pause at the top , look back . gage ( cont 'd ) my toy ... gage start up the stair as we -- CUT to : int . master bedroom —- moment later Church cross to the open french door that lead out to -- ext . balcony - day the cat jump up onto a chair and then up to the narrow wooden railing that run along the edge of the balcony . gage appear at the door , brow furrow . he see Church on the railing and walk over , climb onto the chair . Church back away . toy still clutch in he mouth . gage you be bad , Church . my toy ... Church drop the toy over the side of the balcony . angle as the toy sail down to the paving stone below . gage scream , upset . he wrap he hand around the railing , pull one knee up , then the other , pull himself up to -- the railing . gage wobble precariously , stare down at he giraffe on the flat stone below . not notice as Church inch closer -- 49 , nudging he leg ! gage lose he balance , arm spin as he fall out and -- Rachel snatch he off the railing ! rachel gage ... oh my god !!! what be you do up here !!! Rachel 's panic make gage cry harder . Rachel clutches she son to she breast , cry with he as she notice -- Church slinking back into the bedroom . she glance over the balcony , notice the toy lie below . off she face as she put this all together we -- CUT to : int . kitchen - night Rachel sob as Louis console she . rachel it happen so fast . I go to make a cup of tea and he be go . louis shhh . it 's okay . everyone 's okay . Rachel look up at Louis , deep fear in she eye -- rachel he must have follow Church up the stair . I just do not get it ... Louis stare at she for a beat , he mind spin . then he turn , pull on he jacket . as he head for the door -- rachel ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? CUT to : ext . jud 's house - night close on jud 's face look at we . 50 . jud I be exactly ellie 's age when biffer get hit . guy who do it be drunk . make I swear not to tell my parent what happen . reverse to reveal Louis sit across from jud . jud ( cont 'd ) he tell I he could fix my dog . Said he know how to bring he back . Louis take a swallow from a glass of whisky . transfix . jud ( cont 'd ) he take I up to that place , the marsh behind the pet cemetery . Said people around here be use it for year . louis use it for what ? jud to fix the dead . jud reach for he whisky as this hang in the air -- jud ( cont 'd ) you gotta understand , Louis ... I never think Church would be any trouble . he be so gentle . just a big , lazy cat ... there 's something more in jud 's eye . something hide . jud take louis what happen with biffer ? a breath . this be hard . he look at Louis -- jud he come back . just like the man say he would . be fine for a while , too ... louis then what ? jud something have change . he be mean . start bite people . damn dog nearly rip the tendon out of my mother 's leg . ( more ) 51 . jud ( cont 'd ) that 's when my daddy put he down ... for the second time . Louis 's eye harden , he hand shaking -- louis that night in the graveyard . you be already plan on go there , be not you ? a long beat , then the truth come spilling out -- jud that place get inside you . some part of I always know I have go back . I need to see it again . louis that be we cat . he nearly kill gage today !! jud look up , plead with Louis -- jud God , I be sorry , Louis . I be wrong . the ground up there be sour . it 's sour ... louis Jesus . what do I do ..? jud whatever kill the mi’kmaq be still alive . it life in that swamp . and it 's inside Church now . ( beat ) you have to kill he , Louis . it 's not safe to have that cat around . off Louis 's face we -- CUT to : int . kitchen - night the room be empty and dark . after a beat , we see -- a cat shadow move across the wall . the shadow walk around the room head for the cat door . the cat door jiggle as Church push through . he walk over to the door lead to the rest of the house . 52 . but there 's a chair wedge under the knob . Church freeze . a figure move in the shadow behind he . Louis have be sit in the dark , wait for Church to come home . he reach over slide the barrier on the cat door close . Church turn as Louis step closer , face off with he . louis game over . close on Church as he hiss and we -- CUT to : int . basement - later Louis hold the cat to the work bench with one hand in a gardening glove as he reach for a syringe with the other . Church hiss and claw at he . defiant . louis hold still . just like go to sleep ... Church stop fight , switch he tactic . he look up at Louis . frightened . helpless . innocent . the syringe quiver in Louis 's hand . he put it down . louis ( cont 'd ) dammit . he look over to see the plastic pet carrier in the corner . int . station wagon - night Louis wind up a mountainous road , the carrier on the seat next to he . Church watch he through the wire door . Louis drive past mountain and lake , deep into the National Forest . a sign read : forest service vehicle only . Louis kill the engine . ext . national forest road - continuous Louis set the pet carrier on the road , flipping the door open . Church step out , look up at Louis . 53 . louis good luck . close on Church in the middle of the road as Louis walk back to the car and drive away . off the cat watch he we -- CUT to : ext . creed house - birthday sequence - day Cars park along the driveway , people mingling in the yard . kid run around in pack on the lawn , chase each other . a table deck out with balloon , a cake with a giant number 3 candle . Rachel sip mimosa with girlfriend from Boston . Louis see ellie sit off by herself . he cross the party , sit next to ellie on a bench . louis ( to ellie ) Stephanie be look for you . ellie I know ... I just ... louis you still think about Church ? she look up at she dad , nodd with tear in she eye . louis ( cont 'd ) I get you something so he ’1ll never be too far . Louis pull out a silver necklace with a cat pendant . ellie but ... it 's gage 's birthday today . louis I know but I think you could use something , too . ellie wipe she tear , turn around so she father can clasp it around she neck . her finger move to the silver cat . ellie I love it , daddy . thank you . Louis hug ellie and then stand up , indicate the party -- 54 . louis now go have some fun , okay ? ellie run off as we CUT to -- various shot from the party . ellie and she friend Stephanie dance in the grass , kid play game in the yard , Louis and Rachel corral everyone around a cake to sing . everyone happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ... ellie lift gage up , hold he so he can reach the candle . everyone ( cont 'd ) happy birthday to gaaa-aage , happy birthday to you !! everyone cheer as gage blow out the candle . jud good lung on that kid ! the kid all jockey for cake as Rachel and Louis pass out plate and pour champagne . ellie drift away from the party . she stand back away from the group , notice something through the park car . a animal walk in the road . ellie wander over to the road . gage see she and follow as she slide through park car , not believe she eye -- a cat be walk down the middle of the street . ellie Church ? ellie do not notice gage as she walk forward in disbelief . ellie' Pov as heat from the asphalt distort Church 's image like a hero from a old western as he walk toward she . ellie ( cont 'd ) Church ! back in the party : Rachel look around for gage . rachel Louis , do you have gage ? louis do not you have he ? 55 . Louis look around . there 's kid everywhere . it 's chaos . louis ( cont 'd ) gage ? on the road : Church be huge in the frame now . he 's be walk for day . epic. determined . evil . Rachel see gage by the driveway , slip through the car . rachel over there . by the road ! Louis head toward the road when a group of kide suddenly swarm he , laugh and try to pull he to the ground . scream kide he’s the new monster ! get he !!! kid jump on Louis , hang on he arm and leg . louis guy ! I be not play monster . Rachel run across the lawn past Louis , chase after gage -- rachel gage ! out of the road ! Church sit in the middle of the road as ellie approach . ellie I know you have come home . Rachel hear a diesel engine . a 18 wheeler approach . rachel gage ! stop ! but Rachel do not see ellie and Church down the street . her eye be lock on gage as he wander into the road . the truck roar around the bend , gear shifting . Rachel have second to act , run for the road . rachel ( cont 'd ) gaaaaaaage !!! gage look back at he mother . the truck be upon he ! Rachel take two more step then lunge in front of the truck , drag gage to safety on the other side . as they hit the ground , she roll over , look back to see -- 56 . ellie and Church in the impact zone . the cat dart away but ellie simply turn , paralyze as the truck race at she . she thows up she hand , brace for impact as we -- CUT to black . a long beat of silence . a church bell begin to toll as we begin to see splintered flash of the aftermath -- glong ! Louis run up to ellie as blood spread below she . glong ! flash light on kid 's face , watch in shock . glong ! birthday decoration blow across the lawn . glong ! ellie lie face down on a table as a mortician staple a flap of skin back onto she skull . glong ! mourner stand around a grave in a local cemetery . ext . cemetery - day Rachel and Louis stand by the grave hold gage 's hand . it 's cold . summer have break . fall around the corner . this time the image do not fade . instead , we stay on Rachel and Louis as the minister finish he eulogy . as he lower he bible , all eye turn to Rachel . she step up to a pile of fresh earth , a small shovel stick out . rachel 's Pov into the grave . a_kid size coffin below . she reach for the shovel but can not bring herself to do it . Louis 's hand close around hers . they 's 1ll do it together . now look up from inside the grave as Louis and Rachel scoop a pile of dirt and toss it down into the hole . the dirt land on we , wiping we to black . a long beat then -- fade in : ext . driveway - three day later rachel 's parent wait in they mercede with gage as Louis load the bag into the trunk . Rachel approach behind he and he turn . she 's shattered , eye red from cry . 57 . for a beat there 's nothing to say . then -- rachel I can not do this , Louis ... please ... I do not want to leave you here . Louis hold she close , try to stay strong . louis I have to transfer my patient and close my office . Three day top . the sun flicker through the tree . Louis squint at Rachel . rachel you should not be by yourself . we can stay with you ... Louis glance over at gage wait in the car -- louis it 's better gage be not here . i’11l come and meet you . he close the trunk of the car , turn to Rachel . a long beat as he move the hair out of she eye . they hug again . rachel ( whisper ) God , Louis , I miss she so much . Louis hold Rachel tighter , eventually glance up to see -- Church sit on the porch in the background . watch he . his blood turn to ice . he pull out of the hug . louis better get go . you parent do not like to drive in the dark . Rachel get in the car as Rachel 's father back down the driveway . Louis wave at gage until they be out of sight -- then he turn to face the house . and that cat . CUT to : ext . driveway - later Louis come around the side of the house . he 's carry a white garbage bag with a cat size lump . 58 . Louis shove the bag into the trash bin and drop the lid . he turn and walk away . numb . as he come around the front of the house , he pause ... look out to the wood ... louis Pov of the trail lead up to the cemetery and beyond . he push that think away walk quickly inside . int . kitchen - night Louis sit in front of a plate of untouched food . his knee bounce up and down nervously , lose in think . he push the food away , go to the cabinet and pull down a bottle of whisky . int . jud 's house - night footstep on the porch . the door swing open to reveal -- Louis stand there , poison thought stir in he head . he hold out a bottle of scotch . louis I could use some company . jud go to fetch a couple glass . he drop ice into they and come back , set they on the coffee table . jud saw Rachel leave earlier . imagine she take gage with she ? Louis pour two stiff whisky . jud take he and sit back in he chair , fire up a cigarette . Louis nod . louis Boston . her parent 's house . jud what about the cat ? louis I take care of it . jud watch Louis for a moment , drink he whisky . CUT to : 59 . ext . wood - night branch sway . moonlight pierce the canopy from above . we see Louis and jud talk through the window . int . jud' house - later time have pass . ashtray full . Louis on the couch , watch as jud try to stamp out he cigarette . he 's drunk . jud this be my fault . I should never have show you that place ... Louis look down , barely able to hear that word . louis we both have a hand in it . jud grief poison a man . it make you do thing ... Louis watch jud . the old man be slurring now , delirious . jud ( cont 'd ) it will not stop now . it use Church to get to ellie . it want more . jud look up at Louis , suddenly focus , eye wet with tear . jud ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Louis . ellie be the first person to touch my heart ina a long time . I do not want to see she go through all that pain ... the glass slip from jud 's hand , fall to the rug . jud ( cont 'd ) dammit ... jud try to stand up , lose balance . Louis come over . louis take it easy . I x11 clean this up . jud just need to close my eye . Louis stand over jud , look down as he pass out , then -- 60 . thump , thump , thump ... CUT to : ext . road - night the sound of tire as lane marker whiz below we . int . station wagon - continuous Louis drive through town , face dark and determine . on the seat we see a bunch of rope , two shovel , a plastic tarp , a bucket . the bottle of whisky . ext . local cemetery - entrance - night Louis drive slowly past the funeral home where we see ellie 's service , follow the brick wall around to the back . he shut off the engine and light , coast quietly to a stop by the wrought iron gate of the rear service entrance . ext . local cemetery - graveyard - moment later a tarp wrap around tool hit the ground with a thud . a moment later , Louis drop to the ground . he stand up , wiping dirt of he tear pants . as he start to collect he tool , we hear a car approach . he turn to see -- a police car make round . Louis quickly grab he tool , diving behind a pair of headstone . he roll onto he back , hold he breath . the police car slow outside the gate , use a searchlight to scan the lock and the chain . the light sweep just over Louis 's head . then he notice he shovel lie out in the open grass . as the light swing away , he reach out and pull the shovel out of sight . the light swing back . it hold for a beat -- then the police car move on . 61 . Louis get up on he knee , watch as the police car roll around the corner . he quickly gather he tool and duck into the graveyard . ext . local cemetery - ellie' grave - later a headstone by a freshly dig grave : May 9 , 2006 - July 19 , 2016 . Eleanor Rose creed . we beloved daughter . Louis drop he tool , stare at the name . the gruesome nature of he task sink in . he lean on a nearby tree and vomit . then he unfold the tarp and pick up a shovel -- and start to dig . various shot of Louis digging . shovel hit ground . back break work . dripping with sweat . the hole go deeper . he 's waist deep now use the bucket to bring the soil up . later Louis be deep in the hole . we can only see the top of Louis 's head and the occasional shovel move . more dirt . thud ! the dull , hollow sound of wood . Louis clear away soil from around the lid of the casket and slide the tip of the shovel into the seam . he lean down -- craaaack !!! Wood creak and groan , start to give way . casket Pov look up as the casket open to reveal -- Louis stand over we . a length of rope in he hand . he stare down , emotion wash over he as he whisper -- louis just go to slide this rope around you chest ... gonna get you out of here ... take you home ... as he voice fade we -- CUT to : ext . creed house - night Louis cross the lawn with ellie 's body sling across he arm . as he duck through the tree , he look at over at jud' house . a single light in the window . no movement . jud_is still pass out . Louis slip up the trail , disappear into the wood . 62. ext . wood - night Louis hike up the dark trail , cradling ellie 's body as he walk . he pass under the pet sematary sign , head deeper into the wood . determined . possess . as he pass some tree we catch a quick glimpse of -- a person stand in the shadow . watch he . Louis do not notice as he continue up the dark trail . ext . pet cemetery - night Louis step out into the pet cemetery , thin shaft of moonlight illuminate the tilt marker and stone . he still hold ellie in he arm , she dress spilling out over he hand , leg bounce stiffly as he walk . Louis approach the deadfall , pause to shift ellie 's body in he hand as he prepare to climb the pile of branch . victor paskow ( 0o.s. ) stop , Louis ... this be wrong ... Louis pause . sense the presence in the cemetery . he turn , squinting into the darkness . mist curl around the stone . there 's no one there . Louis take a breath , collect himself . he 's exhaust . finally , he turn back to the deadfall into -- Victor paskow block he way . face still wet with blood . Louis stumble back , nearly trip over a grave marker . louis get away from I !!! as he voice ring out he look again . Victor be go . louis ( cont 'd ) ( quietly to himself ) you be not even real ... Louis look down at ellie 's face in the moonlight . she 's beautiful and innocent . even in this horrible state . he approach the deadfall again and begin to climb . 63. ext . marshy bog - night Louis stumble into frame , come to the edge of the water with ellie 's body in he arm . he stand for a moment , a silhouette against the black water . stare out at -- the mound of dirt peek up through the fog . Louis push out into the water , wading over to the ground in the center of the bog . as he lay ellie 's body down -- we hear the whispering voice in the tree . the voice rise , swirl like the wind in shifting layer . angle on ellie 's face . eye close in the moonlight . Louis reach for a stone on the ground , slamm it into the dirt . close as he dig , rip , pull away dirt . obsess . as he dig we widen to reveal -- the wild dog from the open on the shore of the marsh . watch Louis dig with its pure black eye . later . Louis sit over a shallow grave . hand black with dirt . as he turn to pull ellie 's body into the hole he sees -- her eye be open now . stare right at he . the voice be louder now . powerful . grow urgent as -- Louis quickly drag ellie into the shallow grave . louis I be sorry , baby ... ellie 's foot disappear , she leg , she dress , she hand . louis ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry ... Louis pull the last of the dirt over ellie 's face . the voice suddenly stop . Louis turn away from the grave , ashamed and sick to he stomach in the horrible silence . then he face change . what have he just do ? he drop to he knee , pull the loose dirt away -- 64 . louis ( cont 'd ) no , ellie ... no , no ! I be sorry .. but there 's nothing there . ellie 's body be go . smash CUT to : int . master bedroom — morning hot water pound Louis as he sit on the floor of the shower . he 's be there for hour try to scrub the black dirt off he hand . a phone ring somewhere in the house . Louis ignore it . in the background we hear -- rachel ( on machine ) Louis , hey it 's I . please pick up . I really need to talk to you . ( beat ) shit , okay . I x11 try you at the clinic . just call I when you can . Louis look up , eye vacant . a worm of fear in he stomach . ext . back yard - day Louis busy himself in the yard , pick up the kid 's toy . he glance over at the wood . louis 's Pov of that trail lead up into the tree . there 's no sign of movement . no sign of ellie . he go back inside . int . ellie 's room - day Louis push the door open and step inside . he have not be in here since ellie 's death . it 's dark and musty . he open the shade and crack the window . he strip the bed and put on new sheet . he arrange she stuff animal . ext . driveway - day Louis shove he muddy clothes in the trash . he look down -- the bag with Church 's body be there . 65 . then we hear a SOUND nearby , something move through the tree . Louis walk slowly around the side of the house -- there 's nothing . just tree and shadow . he seem deflate . when he turn back around -- jud be stand behind he . jud what time you leave last night ? I must have pass out ... Louis close the garbage bin to conceal he muddy clothes . louis I do not know , around midnight ... jud notice Louis 's hand . raw_and blister from digging . jud wanna play some card ? I could cook something on the grill . Louis slide he hand into he pocket , move to the door . louis maybe tomorrow . I need to start pack ... jud I will bring some food over . you be gonna have to take a break ... Louis slip back into the house -- louis it 's okay , jud . Rachel leave I plenty of food . off jud 's face , watch as the door close we -- CUT to : int . kitchen - night Louis sit at the table , talk to Rachel on the phone -- louis ( into phone ) have he be ask about ellie ? ( beat , he sigh ) House be almost do . still have to finish up at the clinic ... 66 . a door creak somewhere in the house . Louis look up . louis ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) Rachel ... hang on a minute ... Louis peek into the hallway , hold the phone in he hand -- the house be dark and quiet . he walk down the hallway into -- int . live room - night Louis stand in the middle of the room . we can hear Rachel still talk on the other end as he look around . there 's a soft tapping noise . he turn around to see -- the front door be open . the screen tapping in the wind . louis ( into phone ) rach , sorry . I think jud be come over . let I call you in the morning . I will . Love you , too . Louis hang up the phone , set it down . he walk toward the front door , peer out the window at the empty yard . he open the door , step out onto -- ext . porch - continuous Wood creak under he weight , moth flutter around the light . Louis come down onto the grass , stand for a moment in the yard . the screen door tap behind he in the wind . Louis shiver , he mind play trick . still nothing there . as he come back up the porch , Louis freeze on the top step . ellie' mud cover shoe sit by the front door . Louis step closer , barely able to breathe . the shoe ellie be bury in . thick with black mud . there 's a small muddy hand print on the wall by the door . Louis pull the screen door open , step back into -- 67 . int . creed house - night Louis step into the room . empty space and shadow suddenly feel huge , the silence fill with tension and dread . we hear a creak on the ceiling and he look at the stair . louis ( barely audible ) El ? Louis start up the stair , pause at the top . the hallway be dark and long . ellie 's door hang open -- a light spill out of she room . the purple night light . then something move . a shadow flutter inside the room . Louis come down the hallway , heart pound . the shadow inside the room twist and turn as he reach for the door -- Louis approach the door , pull it open to see -- int . ellie 's room - continuous the night light on . purple butterfly float across the wall . both window be open , curtain flutter in the breeze . that 's what be make the shadow . Louis walk across the room , close the window . then he pause , sense something behind he in the closet -- the same closet where Church hide when he first return . Louis walk over , hand pull the door open to reveal -- nothing inside but ellie 's clothes and toy . he turn back to the room , think , nerve tense . there 's something under the bed . a dark shadow . he come over to the bed , slowly lift up the skirt to see -- a rumple white dress cake in mud . Louis pull ellie 's dress out , unfold it in he hand . lace rip and stain with black muddy dirt . as he stare down in shock at the dress we hear -- bare feet run down the hall . 68. int . upstair hallway - continuous Louis come out of door , look around . the hall be empty . louis ellie ? she 's play a game . he step out , head down the stair . int . basement - continuous a hand reach inside , click on the overhead light . Louis look into the darkness , terrify of what he might find . the bulb overhead make he shadow long as he come down the stair . he peek under the work bench . nothing there . he turn to the cubby hole . ellie 's secret hide place . Louis come over , kneel down . he reach out , take hold of the small curtain , hand shaking as he pull it open -- the cubby be empty . Louis deflate again . be this real ? be he lose he mind ? as he sit back up we notice -- ellie crouched in the shadow behind he !! her head be lower , look out of the top of she eye , body cake with dry black mud , hair hang in stringy clump rack focus to bring she into focus . eye glue to Louis . Louis do not see she . he 's too absorb in disappointment as she rise up to stand , come closer , reach out with tiny mud cake finger , hand come to rest on he shoulder -- ellie daddy . Louis scream , spin around . he slide backwards across the floor , breathe rapidly , terrify . stare at ellie . but she 's shiver . her body cold . terrify _and_ confuse . ellie ( cont 'd ) where be I ? Louis 's terror melt away , he father instinct kick in as he go to ellie , wrapping he arm around she . 69 . louis you be home , baby . close on Louis 's face , hold ellie tight -- louis ( cont 'd ) Home . int . bathroom - later ellie sit in the tub , knee stick out of dark grey water with piece of swamp grass float around she . louis tilt you head back . she do . Louis gently pour water over she head , careful not to get it in she eye . she look straight ahead . Louis brushes out ellie 's hair , pull gently down through heavy strand . ellie wince as he get catch on a tangle . ellie ouch . Louis notice clump of hair in the brush . he pull they out and drop they in the wastebasket , go back to brush . ellie wince again -- ellie ( cont 'd ) daddy . louis sorry . Mom usually do this . he pull the brush away from she head . there 's something under the hair he keep get snag on -- Louis use he finger to slide she hair aside to reveal -- mortician 's staples hold the back of she scalp down . Louis close he eye , turn away . he let the hair fall back over the wound . ellie look up in the mirror . ellie what be it ? Louis swallow , push the horrific truth away . louis just a tangle . 70 . int . ellie 's room - night ellie lie in she bed , cover pull up as Louis turn down the light . she shiver , scared . Louis sit with she . louis what be it , honey ? ellie Church be go . be not he ? she watch he face , search for the truth -- louis ( lie ) the truck in the road hit he . ellie sit up , eye lock on Louis -- ellie no , it do not . the truck hit I . Louis freeze . ellie 's eye clear and dark . focus on he . louis Church be dead , honey . I be sorry . Louis get up to turn down the light . behind he we hear -- ellie ( soft whisper ) so be i. Louis spin around . do he just hear that correctly ? ellie look up at he with huge , sorrowful eye . ellie ( cont 'd ) can I sleep with you tonight ? I be scared . Louis swallow , blood go cold . he nod slowly -- louis of course , honey . come on ... a flicker of a sinister smile in ellie 's eye as she slide out of bed , reach for Louis 's hand . CUT to : 71. int . master bedroom - later Louis lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . ellie lie face he , curl up under the cover . she reach out with she finger , trace it across he face . he can barely breathe . ellie where 's mommy and gage ? Louis glance over at she -- louis they go to grandma and grandpa 's for a couple day . ellie when be they come back ? she watch he eye . search he face for the truth . louis a couple more day ... ellie keep she eye on he . he 's hide something . ellie do mommy know what you do ? louis shh , baby . it 's late . time to sleep . Louis reach over and click off the light . as he lie back on he pillow , ellie have move closer . inch from he face . ellie Love you , daddy . louis ( terrify ) Love you too , el. Louis close he eye , praying for sleep to take he . move in on ellie 's face , lie in the darkness , eye open . stare at Louis in the moonlight . ext . creed house - morning gage 's tricycle sit in the driveway , grass slick with dew . 72 . int . master bedroom - same time Louis wake up in bed with a start . he roll over but ellie be go . he look around the bed , heart skip a beat . louis ellie ??? then we hear something . Music on the stereo downstairs . int . live room - continuous Louis come down the stair in disbelief . ellie be there and she 's do what she love most . she 's dance . Louis come into the room , watch as she get lose in the graceful joy of the dance . spin around . alive and free . it 's beautiful , sweet , tender , gentle . tear flow down Louis 's face but he 's not sad . his heart be full again . ellie see he and smile . spin faster and laugh . louis careful , sweetie ... ellie let out a excited yell as she twirl past Louis . now she movement be too fast . aggressive and dangerous , strike the wall , kick over a chair . louis ( cont 'd ) ellie , stop it ! stop ! but she can not . she will not . she 's out of control . Louis try to grab she but she bite he arm and duck away . running past Louis and down the hallway , out into -- ext . driveway - continuous ellie burst out of the house , laugh and breathe hard . she pause for a moment , feel the sun on she face . it 's glorious . Louis appear in the doorway , look around . louis ellie ! dammit ! get back inside . ellie 's face sharpen , she eye convict he -- 73 . ellie no ! I like it out here . Louis run after ellie but she take off around the house -- louis goddammit , ellie ... come back !! Louis dive for she but she duck away , sprinting around the garbage bin and down the side of the house to -- ext . back yard - continuous ellie swoops across the open lawn with she arm outstretch like a airplane as Louis come run up behind she . ellie can not catch I ! she turn backwards , mock Louis as she come around the corner of the house and bump into -- jud_standing in the path . ellie stop , look up at he as Louis come up behind , panting . jud stare down in horror at ellie . in shock . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( playful ) hi , jud ! she move to hug he . jud step back . he do not trust she . jud ellie . jud look up at Louis . his secret expose . louis ( sharp , to ellie ) get back inside . ellie look from she father to jud . then she turn , walk casually over to the house , linger in the doorway . ellie can not I just stand right here ? louis no. Inside . now . ellie stick she tongue out at Louis and go inside . 74 . jud turn to Louis , fume behind he cold eye . louis ( cont 'd ) what be I suppose to do ? jud what everyone else do . you be suppose to suffer . ellie peek through the curtain , watch Louis and jud . louis I will take care of it . jud you could not even put Church down -- louis ( angry ) none of this would have happen if you have not show I that place !!! jud drop he eye . he know this be true . jud I could not stop myself ... that place get into you blood ... he look up at Louis , determine -- jud ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) she 's gonna go bad . just like biffer do . just like Church . louis what be I suppose to do ? I just want to tuck she into bed one more time , kiss she goodnight ... Louis hand he head , ashamed . jud ellie 's not a cat , Louis . she 's dangerous . louis she 's my daughter . ellie' Pov : listen and watch as jud speak -- jud not anymore . 75 . jud turn and walk back to he house . after a beat , Louis reach for the door , head inside as -- ellie boo !!! ellie jump out from behind the door , laugh . louis Jesus , el. please do not do that . ellie try and find I ! ellie run away as Louis step inside and close the door . int . live room - later ellie sit on the couch , watch quietly as Louis begin pack up the house into box . we see he doctor bag sit on the table . ellie why be you pack up ? Louis stop pack for a moment , glance over -- louis we be go back to Boston for a little while . ellie watch he closely . search for the truth . ellie all of we ? Louis look she straight in the face -- louis yes . all of we . a beat while this lie hang in the room . then -- the phone ring . Louis glance at the screen . louis ( cont 'd ) it 's mommy . ellie get up , come closer -- ellie oh , can I talk to she ? 76 . Louis step back , hold the phone away from ellie -- louis not quite yet , okay ? I do not think she 's ready . ellie pout , stand just behind Louis as he answer -- louis ( cont 'd ) Rachel , hi . how be you guy ? move in on ellie 's face listen as we -- intercut with : int . beautiful boston home - day Rachel sit in she parent 's home . through the window we see she mother and father play with gage in the back yard . rachel I be get worried . you have have not be call I back . louis be busy with the house . something be off in Louis 's voice . rachel do not keep thing from I . if you be have a hard time , I should be there with you . Louis glance at ellie , lowering he voice -- louis I just need some space right now . rachel God , Louis . why do you do this ? gage miss you . I miss you . Louis close he eye , tear stream down he cheek -- louis I miss you , too . rachel I be bring gage back for the weekend . he will cheer you up . 77 . louis no , rach . do not do that . move in on ellie stand just behind she dad . she smile . rachel stop argue . we be come out tomorrow . just for a couple day . CUT to : int . kitchen - night ellie in she pajamas sit in front of a bowl of cereal . Louis sit across from she , watch as she lift the spoon to she mouth . food taste strange to she now . foreign . she set the spoon down , push the bowl away . ellie not hungry . Louis nod , take the bowl to the sink . he pause for a moment , look out at the tree . then he notice -- ellie stand behind he in the reflection . just like Church do that first night he come back . ellie ( cont 'd ) what do you and jud talk about ? Louis turn , face ellie . she move closer , watch he . louis he be just surprised to see you back , be all ... ellie I can tell when you lie . Louis look over at she . what else do she know ? louis it 's nothing . he 's just concerned . ellie move closer , stare up at he . Louis can not move back any further , body press up against the sink . then ellie hold out she hand with a creepy smile . 78 . ellie can we go to bed now ? int . master bedroom - night Louis sleep in the bed as wind rattles the window . pan over to see -- ellie watch he in the darkness . after a beat -- she quietly slip out of bed . int . live room - moment later ellie stand in front of she father 's medical bag on the table . her hand slip inside , feel for something . close as she pull out he shine scalpel . ext . wood - night rain pour down through the tree , hit the leave in heavy wet drop . we hear something move in the wood as -- jud step into frame . his huge body in silhouette , watch the creed House through the tree . jud move closer , move a branch to get a better look -- a light be on in ellie 's room . the window open , curtain billow in the wind . after a beat they settle , revealing -- ellie stand in the window . look out at the wood . her eye be close , head tilt slightly back . jud move closer , pull a branch aside to see better . the curtain billow again , block we view of ellie . as the wind settles she come back into view and we see -- she 's looking right at US ! jud pull back into the tree , heart racing . rain come down around he as he build the courage to look again -- this time , ellie be go . the window be empty . jud turn back , head for he house . 79 . ext . front porch - moment later ellie come out the front door . look around . she step slowly down the stair , walk out into -- ext . back yard - continuous ellie cross the grass . there 's something in she hand . the moonlight hit the tiny scalpel , glint in the light . ext . wood - continuous ellie sneak through the tree toward jud 's house . she pause , see a light in the window . as she move closer -- jud_lunge out of the bush , try to grab she ! ellie swing the knife , slice jud 's hand . he slip backwards as she scamper away into the wood . jud pull himself up , reach for he light . jud 's Pov of the dark wood . ellie be nowhere to be find . ext . jud' house - night jud come around the front of he house to see -- the front door be open . he come up the wooden step , pause at the threshold . jud ellie . come on out of there . follow as jud walk slowly through the door into -- int . jud' house - continuous jud stand in the dark room , eye adjust to the light . he listen to the empty room , taxidermy stare silently at he . as he cross to the kitchen we catch a glimpse of -- ellie pass across a doorway behind he . jud spin around , heart pound . 80 . jud dammit , ellie . just come out . jud walk to a drawer , reach in to pull out a revolver . he click it open to check the bullet . it 's full . he flip the chamber close , walk to the kitchen . jud ( cont 'd ) I just want to talk to you . no answer from the house . he move through a door into a long , dark hallway lead to he bathroom and bedroom . jud stand in the hallway for a beat . his bedroom door be open . he take a few cautious step , gun hold out . jud ( cont 'd ) I know you be scared . I be scared , too . jud move down the hallway to the bathroom . he hold the gun with one hand as he slowly turn the knob with the other -- push the door open and sweeping the gun around . the bathroom be empty . just a toilet , empty bath , sink . jud back up , continue down the hallway to he bedroom . he tap the door with he foot and it swing open slowly with a horrible creak . he inch forward into the room -- the bedroom be empty . moonlight filter through curtain . jud move around the bed to the closet . he open it to see -- nothing but old clothes hang there . he peek behind they . he turn , walk past the bed as we drift down to reveal -- ellie under the bed . gleaming scalpel clutch in she hand . she scream , swinging she hand out with the blade and -- slice jud 's achilles tendon . jud scream , fall to the ground . he roll over on he side to see ellie slide backwards under the bed and aim -- bam ! bam !! jud fire two shot under the bed but ellie be go . he moan , he leg bleed badly as he try to pull himself up but he foot will not support he weight . 81 . jud roll onto he back , take a breath -- jud ( cont 'd ) come on out , ellie . where be you ? he push himself up with one hand , craning he head to look around the dark room . no sign of ellie anywhere . he roll onto he knee , sit up higher as we notice -- ellie crouch on the dresser behind he like a feral cat . jud freeze , sense ellie 's presence -- close on he hand : silently cock he revolver . ellie scream , leaping from the dresser into the air -- the knife flash in the light as jud spin and fire ! the bullet hit a photo on the wall , shatter the glass as ellie land on jud , knock he to the ground and slamming -- the scalpel into he chest . jud gasp , grab ellie with he hand , hold she back -- ellie ( struggle ) I think we be friend ? jud I be friend with ellie . not you . ellie smile at jud . her eye have go pure black . evil like that black swamp water . jud ( cont 'd ) let you parent live . ellie 's death be punishment enough ... ellie reach down , force the revolver in jud 's hand to point back under he chin . ellie you do not know what punishment be . hard CUT to : 82 . ext . jud ’'s house - same time a muffle pop from inside the house as we -- CUT to : int . creed house - master bedroom - later Louis asleep in the bed . his bedroom door swing open to reveal ellie stand in the doorway . just a silhouette . then she step into the room and we see she 's return to normal . her eye be clear . just a innocent little girl . she walk to the edge of the bed , stand over Louis to watch he sleep . he seem so defenseless . vulnerable . for a horrible beat we wonder what she 's about to do -- then Louis wake up . he sit , startle to see ellie there . louis El , you okay ? she drop she eye , pout a little . ellie I have a nightmare . Louis pull the cover back . ellie slide into the bed . louis ( groggy ) you be okay . just a dream .. as Louis fall asleep we track in on ellie lie in he arm , stare out the window at the rain fall outside . CUT to : ext . wood - dawn the storm have pass . Water drip through heavy leave . int . master bedroom - same time Louis wake up to the sound of tire roll over gravel . he slide out of bed , walk to the window to see -- Rachel pull up the driveway in she father 's car . 83 . ellie sit up behind he in the bed . she smile . ellie mommy 's home . Louis come to ellie , plead with he eye . he know that she 's the one in control . louis maybe you can give she a little time to get adjust before . .? ellie do not you think she ’1ll be happy to see I ? something in Louis melt . he still see she as he daughter . louis of course , honey . it 's just , it 's go to take some time . ellie maybe I should hide ? like a game ? Louis get the chill . this do not feel like a game to he . louis okay , great . I x11 go talk to she . int . live room - moment later Louis come slowly down the stair as we hear -- footstep on the porch . the front door open and gage burst inside , run up to he father . gage daddy , daddy , daddy !!! Louis scoops gage into he arm , hugging he son . louis I miss you so much . wait a second , do you get bigger ? gage squeal with laughter as he dad lift he up and down . then Louis notice Rachel in the doorway . he set gage down . rachel hi. 84 . louis hi. they come together , hugging . this be the first time in day that Louis have feel fully alive . he do not want to let go . rachel oh , babe . I miss you . louis I miss you , too . Rachel walk into the house . she pause , look around . nothing have be pack . rachel what happen ? I think you have be pack this whole time ? louis it be hard , rach ... rach move around see ellie 's sneaker by the wall , she scooter by the door , she sweatshirt on a chair . she shake she head , look back at Louis -- rachel what be you do ? this be all ellie 's stuff . gage walk to the stair as a shadow appear on the wall . but Rachel be absorb with Louis , deeply concerned -- rachel ( cont 'd ) be you do this on purpose ? try to punish yourself ? on the stair ellie move into view . she put she finger to she lip indicate for gage to be quiet . gage mommy ! Rachel do not respond . she 's stare at Louis . furious . louis rach , it 's not like that -- rachel this be why I want to leave . how do we explain this to gage ? 85 . gage be tug on he mother 's shirt now , point at something . Rachel look down at he -- rachel ( cont 'd ) what be it , honey ? gage ellie . ellie . ellie-phant ! ellie ( softly ) do not call I that . Rachel look over in shock as ellie step closer . Rachel scream , push herself backwards along the floor until she hit the wall . she 's go into shock . gage see , mommy ? ellie ! Rachel gasp , try to form word . she look to Louis -- rachel how this be happen ..? louis that place behind the Pet Cemetery where jud and I bury Church ... it 's a special place , rach . it have power . Rachel glance at ellie in horror , then back to Louis -- rachel I do not ... this can not be real ... louis it 's real . it work with Church , too . it bring thing back . ellie stand in front of Rachel now . look down at she mother , majestic and powerful . somehow alive and dead . Rachel look at Louis , fear turn to dread -- rachel you move she body ? you take she into the wood ? louis of course , I do . how could I not , know it would bring she back ? 86 . ellie reach out for she mother . a moan slip out of Rachel 's mouth as ellie 's hand trace across she cheek . ellie be not you happy , mom ? I miss you . Rachel turn to she dead daughter , voice tremble -- rachel I miss you , too . Rachel stiffen as ellie move in to hug she . it 's horrible and awkward . but it 's also she daughter so something melt . gage come over , try to soothe he mother , hugging both Rachel and ellie . this make Rachel cry and hug they both . finally , Louis kneel down , wrapping he arm around they . the family reunite . as the family hug continue we come around to ellie 's face look over she mother 's shoulder to the dark wood outside . ellie smile . her eye pure black . CUT to : int . bathroom - later Rachel sit on the lid of the toilet , eye red from cry . we hear Louis knock softly , he voice through the door . louis Rachel ? can I come in ? the door open and Louis slip inside , look down at she . rachel ( terrify ) I do not understand . what be go on ? louis it do not matter . she 's back . rachel it matter to I . you can not just say there 's some place in the wood . that 's not good enough ! ! 87 . Louis glance into the hallway , pull the door close -- louis shhh , okay . keep you voice down . Louis sit on the edge of the bathtub , take a deep breath . louis ( cont 'd ) it 's be like this for hundred of year . that place have power . as he continue to explain we CUT outside the door -- int . upstair hallway - same time to find ellie stand in the shadow , listen to she parent 's voice through the crack in the doorway . after a beat , she back away , turn down the stair . CUT to : int . live room - same time gage eat a cookie as ellie approach he from behind . ellie want to play a game , gage ? gage okay . ellie turn around . gage turn around , obey he sister . she take a cloth napkin and tie it over he eye like a bandana . ellie ( cont 'd ) I do not like be go . I like be with you and mom and dad . gage hold out he hand nervously , try to balance -- gage I can not see . ellie that 's how the game work . it 's call Marco polo . every time you say Marco , I say polo and then you try to find I . understand ? 88 . gage nod as she step back . he turn , feel for she . gage Marco . ellie step back as gage take a step forward . ellie polo . gage ’'s Pov from behind the blindfold : we can only see a tiny slice of the room at the top and bottom of the frame . gage Marco . ellie ( further away ) polo . gage move into the room , feel with he hand as we -- CUT back to : int . bathroom - continuous Rachel have stop cry now , lean close to Louis -- rachel you be suppose to be the strong one . a medical doctor . you see death all the time ... louis it be different with ellie . rachel she 's change , Louis . her skin . I want to remember she like before . Louis sigh close he eye . he know she 's right . rachel ( cont 'd ) not just that . remember what happen with Church . we need to think about gage . he need you . this make Rachel think of something -- CUT back to : 89 . int . creed house - same time ellie slide backwards around the dining room table as she brother come into the room , he hand out , feel he way . she have she father 's scalpel in she hand . gage Marco . ellie jump out of the way , drop the scalpel on the ground . gage turn , hearing the noise . gage turn around , wave he hand . gage ( cont 'd ) Marco ? gage 's Pov inside the blindfold : we see ellie reach for something on the ground . she do not answer gage 's call . gage ( cont 'd ) Marco . Marco ? a excruciate beat inside the blindfold . then , finally -- ellie polo . ellie be right in front of he . gage pull he blindfold up . gage get you ! ellie smile at he . her hand hide behind she back . then she eye move to something else -- Rachel come down the stair . she walk quickly over to gage , gently pull he back from ellie . rachel let 's play outside . get some air . CUT to : ext . porch - later ellie play with gage on the lawn , chase and giggle as they roll around in the grass . behind they -- Rachel watch from the porch . her face be blank . numb. 90 . Louis come out , sit next to she . after a beat -- louis we will do it tonight . after dinner . she glance over at he , a glimmer of hope in she eye . louis ( cont 'd ) it be wrong ... I be so sorry ... his eye tear up . Rachel pull he close , hugging he . rachel shhh , okay ... it 's gonna be okay . ellie turn away from gage on the lawn . listen to they . rachel ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) we will do it together . CUT to : int . dine room - sunset gage carry silverware behind Louis , carefully place a fork on each fold napkin as Louis lay out the plate . louis that 's it , gage . one fork for everyone . ellie enter with a bowl of spaghetti and red sauce . gage bas-getti ! gage try to reach into the bowl , ellie lift it away -- ellie careful , gage ... it 's hot ... everyone take they seat . louis should we do we thankful for ? Louis nod at ellie as they all hold hand . ellie I be thankful mommy and gage come home . 91 . she smile at Rachel . gage I be thankful for bas-getti ! louis I be thankful we be all together . they all look at Rachel . she 's barely able to speak . rachel I be thankful ... for ellie ... Rachel quickly look down , not able to continue . Louis break the tension by serve up food onto everyone 's plate . ellie just watch Rachel . study she . ellie you be lie . rachel no , I be thankful . I love you . ellie ( to Louis ) you do not tell she I be back because you know she would not let I stay . she want I dead again . under the table we see ellie hold the scalpel in she hand . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( to Rachel ) I know you be plan on kill I . I can see it in you face . louis ellie ... stop ... please ... rachel we be you parent . we will always love you . no matter what -- ellie that 's another lie ! the house rumble as if a earthquake be start . a picture frame slide down the wall shatter on the ground . close on ellie 's face , glaring at she mother -- 92 . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( cold ) you choose gage over I . Rachel do not answer . she can not . her ability to speak arrest by the realization they be now suddenly outside . ext . road - night somehow the family be sit around the dining room table -- in the middle of the road where ellie be hit by the truck . Rachel look at Louis , terror rise in she throat . rachel she 's do this ... Louis look around . wind blow through the tree . asphalt under he foot . Lane marker stretch out behind they . gage giggle , bang on he plate -- gage I like tree ! ellie stand , scalpel by she side as she walk toward Rachel . ellie the day of gage 's party . you see he in the road and make a choice . Rachel keep she eye on ellie but we notice something else -- Bright headlight approach behind she . we hear the sound of a truck downshift . the grind of gear . the bellow of exhaust . but -- Rachel keep she eye on ellie , shaking she head -- rachel I do not choose ... I do not have time ... I just see gage there ... Louis look behind Rachel into the oncoming headlight . louis 's Pov of the truck barrel right at they . when he look back at ellie he see blackness swirl in she eye . for the first time Louis clearly see she as something other than he daughter . a monster . hungry and evil . 93 . louis stop ... the headlight swallow they up as ellie stand in front of Rachel , hair blow in the wind , streak of swamp water leak out of she black eye and down she face . she smile . ellie how do it feel know you be about to die ? the scalpel in she hand glint as she move she arm but -- Louis lunge from behind , pull ellie down to the table . wide on the family in the road : table cloth billow in the wind , Louis hold ellie down by she shoulder . the truck approach from the side at 70 mile per hour . close on Louis 's face -- louis stop it , El .... stop it !!! he glance over to see -- Rachel stand up , cry as the truck race up behind she . ellie slice at Louis 's arm and slide out of he grip . the truck blare its horn . brake hiss and squeal as -- Louis dive for Rachel pull she out of the way . Louis hit the ground with Rachel in he arm , roll out of the path of the truck . they turn to look back as -- slow motion of the truck plowing through the dine room table in the middle of the dark road ! reverse to gage 's awestruck face , sit in he high chair as we hear the truck destroy everything in its path . Louis scream , cover Rachel from fly debris as the truck roar past they in a cloud of dust . then it 's quiet . Louis and Rachel open they eye to see -- int . live room - same time the house be back to normal . the wall have return . the table neatly set . steam waft off pasta in the bowl . 94 , everything just the way it be . Louis slowly stand -- louis that thing be not we daughter . Rachel turn , notice gage 's chair sit empty . rachel oh my God , Louis , she take gage . CUT to : ext . wood - night ellie lead gage up the trail . gage stumble along , but he 's frighten . she grip he wrist , pull he faster . gage where be we go ? they pass the pet sematary sign , wind into the wood -- ellie somewhere special . gage I do not want to go somewhere special . I be scared . ellie glance down at she brother , eye smudge with black . ellie do not you want to be with I ? gage yes. ellie we can be together forever . ellie pull gage further up the trail as we -- CUT to : int . creed house - same time they Louis and Rachel search the house for gage and ellie . look in the basement , kitchen , inside closet . louis go upstairs . I '’11 look outside . 95 . rachel what 's she go to do , Louis ? Louis look at she for a moment , sick with panic -- louis we will find he . go. Louis run out the front door as Rachel run upstairs . CUT to : ext . marshy bog - night ellie lead gage down to the edge of the swamp . fog curl over the black water . she stand there for a moment , eye close , breathe in . ellie when you be like I you will not be scared anymore . she open she eye , glance at gage -- ellie ( cont 'd ) I can see in the dark now . you would like that , would not you . ellie pull she brother to the water , he foot squashing into the wet mud . gage look over to see something in she hand -- the glimmer of they father 's scalpel . ellie walk out into the water , pull she brother along -- ellie ( cont 'd ) I can see so many thing now ... close on gage whisper to himself , building up courage -- gage one ... two ... three ! gage shove ellie and she drop the scalpel . ellie scream as the blade swirl down into the muddy water . gage pull away , run into the tree as ellie reach into the shallow water , search for the knife . behind her gage slip away into the tree . 96 . ellie gage , come back ! after a moment , she come up with the knife in she hand . she turn , listen to the wood for a moment . then she follow . int . ellie 's room - night Rachel search the frantically . under the bed and in the closet . she move over to the window , look out to see -- jud 's house through the tree . rachel jud ... ext . driveway - moment later Rachel run down the driveway , ducking into the tree . ext . jud' house - moment later Rachel come out of the tree in front of jud 's house . she pause , look up at the house . a single light on . rachel jud ? ext . wood - night ellie walk through the tree , search for she brother . she 's angry , she eye appear black again as she pass through a shaft of moonlight . she pause , call out -- ellie gage , come out ! I promise it will not hurt . I do not want to be alone . she listen for a moment , then keep walk . the scalpel glimmer in the moonlight by she side as she pass we . she slip away through the tree . 97 . ellie ( cont 'd ) ( voice fade ) gage ? please . where be you ? after she 's go we hold for a moment , then -- gage peek out from inside some bush . he slide out from he hide place , run back to the trail . ext . wood - trail - night gage come run down the trail . in the distance we hear he father call out for he . louis ( 0.s. ) gage ? gage ? gage run down the trail , come around the bend to find -- Louis run up the trail toward he . he run into he daddy 's arm . louis ( cont 'd ) you be safe now . I get you . Louis look around in the darkness -- louis ( cont 'd ) where 's ellie ? gage out there . gage point to the dark wood . Louis nod , walk quickly back down the trail to the house in the background . louis okay ... okay . let 's get you home . int . creed house - moment later Louis walk into the silent house hold gage in he arm . the door be open , the night wind blow in from outside . louis rach ? Rachel , I get gage . no answer from the house . Louis see Rachel 's purse on the table and go over , digging out she car key . 98 . louis ( cont 'd ) come with I , buddy . ext . driveway - same time Louis put gage inside the station wagon , stand he on the front seat so gage can hold the steering wheel and look out . louis I want you to hide right here until I find mommy , okay ? do not come out for anyone . even ellie . gage nod . louis ( cont 'd ) if you see you sister , I want you to honk . understand ? gage nod again . he look scared . Louis step back close the door . he press the key and the car bleep . lock . then he turn and walk off . head back into the house . int . jud' house - continuous Rachel push open the door to the dark cottage . taxidermy stare down from dark wood wall . she click on a light -- empty beer on the table , ashtray fill with butt . rachel jud ? it 's Rachel . you home ? the house be quiet . Rachel walk across the room into the kitchen . she look down the hallway to the back bedroom . rachel ( cont 'd ) jud ? Rachel walk toward the bedroom . no answer . Rachel reach into the doorway , feel along the wall for the light . her finger find the switch and -- click ! the bedroom light come on and we see -- jud 's body lie in a pool of blood . part of he skull miss . fly buzz around expose brain matter . feed . Rachel scream , turn away . then she remember something . 99 . there was_a revolver in jud 's hand . Rachel force herself to look again . she slowly move closer , step over sticky blood squirming with maggot . she wince , hold she breath as she reach jud 's hand , slide the gun out of he stiff finger . ext . wood - trail - same time Rachel have a flashlight and the revolver . sweep the light through the tree as she run up the trail after ellie . she 's focus and determine . ready to end this . ext . back yard - night Louis stand on the grass , look out to the wood . we can see the beam of Rachel 's flashlight in the tree . ext . pet cemetery - later Rachel walk into the clear . the moon light ring of grave from above . she walk around the crooked stone , sweeping she flashlight around as she search for ellie . the forest be dark and quiet . behind her we see a shadow slip through the mist . she turn , hearing the grass move . small footstep . rachel ellie ? Rachel swing the light past we , point the gun . after the beam pass in front of camera we notice -- ellie now stand behind she mother . scalpel in she hand . ellie biffer . one helluva sniffer . ( beat ) kinda like to bite people , too . Rachel close she eye , sense the girl behind she . ellie move closer a few step , shroud in moonlight . 100 . almost _a_ ghost . rachel I be sorry , El . I should have protect you . I love you . Rachel bite she lip , building up courage and spin around -- bam !! the bullet hit one of the gravestone . Rachel swing the flashlight to find ellie but the girl slip away . CUT to : ext . wood - trail - same time Louis pause in the trail , hearing the gun shot . louis rach ? rach ??? fear fill he vein as he run faster up the hill . CUT back to : ext . pet cemetery - night Rachel move through the graveyard , swinging the light . a shadow move in the mist , the sound of grass behind she -- Rachel turn again , shaking with fear , hold out the gun -- rachel please , El ... stop ... Rachel move past a tree and we see a shadow move . she turn the light and catch a glimpse of ellie darting away . bam ! the bullet zing through the tree . Rachel move closer , hand shaking as she peer around the tree . more grave and mist . no sign of ellie . from the darkness we hear a voice -- ellie please do not hurt I mommy . the flashlight flicker . lose power . Rachel turn around , grip the gun , lip quivering , lose she resolve -- 101 . rachel ( whisper to herself ) you be not my daughter . ellie I be scared . back on rachel as she hand shake , listen -- ellie ( cont 'd ) mommy . Rachel freeze . the voice be move . get nearer -- something be run in the darkness , she spin around as -- ellie lunge at her mother with the scalpel . ellie scream as she swing the blade , eye wild . Rachel scream , fall backwards as the blade cut she hand . she drop the gun and the flashlight in the grass . Rachel hit the ground , clutching she bleed hand . she hear footstep in the grass and crawl to the flashlight , grab it and swinging around to see -- the gun lie in the grass . ellie run for it . Rachel lunge out , grab ellie 's leg and pull she to the ground . ellie kick at she mother , slide free . Rachel jump up , scramble for the gun but it 's too late . ellie rise up in the curling mist -- pointing the revolver at her mother . Rachel be surround by grave . helpless . facing ellie . rachel ellie . please ... Rachel step closer , she arm out , begging for mercy -- rachel ( cont 'd ) I love you . a smile curl on ellie 's lip . her eye pure black . ellie Love you , too , mommy . 102 . ellie slowly squeeze the trigger and bam !!! the gun go off as Louis jump out of the darkness . he fall away , into the grass . the wood be quiet . Rachel scream , run up to see the bullet hole over he heart . Louis try to speak , blood gurgle out he mouth . louis I .. rachel Louis ... oh god , no , please ... Rachel drop to she knee , clutching Louis . her heart break all over again as he life slip away . louis I love ... you . his eye go blank . Rachel scream , clutching he again -- rachel Louis , please ... please ... Rachel sob over she husband , break and shattered . ellie step into frame , mist curling around she foot as she point the gun at the back of she mother 's head . but there 's something about she mother 's pain , watch she cry ... ellie lower the gun , step closer , lean down -- close on ellie 's lip whisper into Rachel 's ear as we -- CUT to : ext . wood - dawn Light spread through the tree as dew drip off the leave . ext . creed house - dawn move in on the car park in the driveway . window steam . gage lie curl up on the front seat , asleep . as we settle on he sleep form , suddenly -- two hand hit the driver 's window . gage wake up to see -- 103 . ellie stand outside the car , smile at gage . gage look nervous until he see he mother walk up the lawn . she unlock the car and reach in for gage . Rachel walk over to the front porch , sit with gage in she lap . she look exhaust , gaze out to the wood . a piece of she soul miss . we see she hand -- they're raw with blister and dirty . widen out to reveal -- ellie on the grass in front of they . she 's dance . happy . she move around the yard , trace she finger through the air as she silently run through she routine . a sound in the wood behind she . Rachel look up . a shadow fall across the lawn in front of ellie . she stop dance , look right up at we . close on she face for a moment , fill with awe and surprise . then she smile . ellie daddy ! CUT to black . the end