pet sematary ii a original screenplay by Richard outten revise by David S. goyer base upon character create by Stephen King third draft revise 1/6/91 " pet sematary ii " fade in : int . lemarche castle , tomb - night ( 1865 ) a storm be raging outside . we hear the clap and roll of thunder . tomb stairway - rat scurry away down the scum -cover step as the glow of a lantern and footstep herald someone 's arrival ... genvieve lemarche emerge around the bend . mid-30s . culture beauty . her dress and face be smear with grime and ... be that blood we see too ? God only know what 's happen to she . genvieve duck under a monstrous cobweb as she pass a open window . window lightning streak across the night sky outside . we catch a glimpse of the moon disappear behind the cloud . genvieve reach the bottom of the stair . the tomb itself . Water trickle in through crack in the lichen - cover wall , pool on the tomb floor . genvieve move forward , she lantern throw distort shadow over everything ... in front of she be Anton lemarche 's stone sarcophagus . genvieve kneel in the water , one hand rest on the spike iron railing which surround the tomb . she reach the other hand towards a scum -cover plaque , brush the grime away ... thunder and lightning reach a crescendo as ... a skeletal hand rise out of the water , reach for she . genvieve scream . the lantern fall from she grasp , sputtering out . the hand reach for she arm and inadvertently clutches she breast instead ... genvieve start to laugh hysterically . director ( o.s. ) ( exasperate ) cut ! thank you , Renee . can we throw some light on the set ? genvieve I be sorry ... suddenly it be lighter . genvieve can not stop laugh . the grop monster hand disappear back beneath the water . we pull back , revealing - it 's not 1865 . the lemarche Castle tomb be in fact , a 90 movie set . we be inside a soundstage , on a raise set , so the slugline should really read ... int . soundstage , lemarche castle tomb set - a film crew scurries about . everyone be laughing now . the director sit to the right . he and the dp be already huddle over the video-assist monitor . we see the previous scene rewind at high - speed . the first a.d. move in . first a.d. Water in the pool 's run low , fill she up ! crewmember move towards the set . a sfx puppeteer ( i.e. , the skeletal arm ) crawl out from under , follow by a electrician . puppeteer I can not see shit down there ! I be work blind ! genvieve / the actress rise out of the water . her name be actually renee hallow and she beauty be undeniable , even in such a dishevel state . renee this be great , I could have spend four month on a romantic comedy with Warren beatty , and instead , I have get a horny zombie try to cop a feel ! the crew member laugh . she 's well - like on the set . Renee grin . wardrobe and make - up personnel move in to adjust Renee 's appearance . renee uhgh , there 's water everywhere ... ( beat ) can I get a cigarette ? the make - up girl pull a pack of cigarettes from she fanny - pack and offer Renee one . in a flash , a p.a. appear with a lighter . Renee mumble " thanks " as she fire up . she squint she eye , try to see past the set light . renee ( call out ) geoff ? ( beat ) anybody see my boy ? geoff ( o.s. ) right here , Mom ... geoff matthews , Renee 's 12 year - old son step into view . Renee 's face light up when she see he . renee how long have you be here ? geoff couple minute . I see the last shot . that be pretty cool . Renee grimace as the make - up girl spritzes she face with a spray - bottle . renee ( casually ) how do it go with you father last night ? geoff good . he say he would be over for dinner at eight ... ( awkward ) I mean ... he miss you , Mom ... renee I miss he too ... renee ( continue ) I just do not want you to get you hope up , okay ? we be try to work thing out , but ... her voice trail off . geoff I know , Mom . renee ( affectionate ) you know everything , do not you ? Renee and geoff be interrupt by a crewmember who 's spraying " atmosphere " about the set with a hand -held smoke machine . Renee cough . off-set , the first a.d. be try to get the show on the road . first a.d. okay , people ! quiet ! we be go to try this another time ! geoff guess it 's showtime . renee yep . Renee kiss geoff on the forehead . he take the cigarette from she and move off the set , stand near the camera . the director turn back toward Renee . director alright , Renee . last time . I promise . we nail this and you will not have to do this ever again . renee that 's what you say the first time ... Renee turn and head back toward the stair . a p.a. hand she a new lantern . as she reach the stair , the house light dim , create the proper atmosphere once again . under the set - the puppeteer get ready . it 's cramped . the electrician check a power box connection . the director nod to the camera operator . operator Rolling . speed ... slate boy " Castle of terror . " scene 69a . take thirteen . the slate come down . director action ! the scene replay itself as before , only now we be watch the action from multiple viewpoint . we start on the video assist monitor , then move up to ... geoff he grin as he watch the scene unfold . on the set Renee have reach the sarcophagus . lightning flash . the skeleton hand burst up , grab Renee 's arm . the scene continue past the original point of interruption . under the set - we see a undetected leak . Water drip down . the puppeteer shift position , struggle , and ... ... knock over the power box which SPARKS just as ... above - Renee / genvieve grab the iron railing with both hand . electricity surge through Renee . her body jerk and writhes like some nightmarish marionette . under the set - the electrician drag the puppeteer back . spark fly . electrician Jesus ! we have cross over into 220 ! shut down the generator ! above - crewmember scream and scramble back ... all the circuit be blow , light exploding and shower spark over the whole set . this be not part of the movie . renee it 's awful . she shake , she smoking hand freeze to the iron railing by the electricity run through she ... suddenly , Renee fall forward against the iron . her face begin to smoke and singe ... the light continue to blow , casting a strobic effect over the soundstage , add to the chaos . on geoff as he witness the whole event . he try to rush forward , but someone restrain he ... geoff Mom !!!! suddenly all the circuit in the stage be blow and the light go out . Renee slump back into the water , smoke trail up from she still form . and we ... CUT to : omitted ( scene 2 thru 2j ) int . operating room - day a age golden retriever be on the surgical table . chase matthews , D.V.M. , gently stroke the dog 's fur . he 's good with the dog . he 's kind . the retriever 's owner : a mother and she son , look on . chase I think this be probably for the best . he 's a very old dog . he have arthritis . he have cataract in he eye ... chase look at the mother . he 's always hate this part . chase he 's have a good life ... ( to dog ) ... have not you , boy ? intercom Doctor matthews , you son be on line one . he say it 's a emergency ... chase break concentration , pull he eye away from the mother and son . int . soundstage , lemarche castle tomb set - a blur of activity converge on the movie set . a trio of paramedics . a FIRE official . a police officer . Medical equipment . horrify crewmember watch on , helpless . we stay on geoff , momentarily block out and then reveal again and again , amidst the commotion of paramedics scramble to save Renee . the director have he hand on geoff 's shoulder . geoff 's eye dart about , take it all in . thing be happen very fast : -- Renee 's hand be lift . someone check she pulse . -- her eyelid parte . a pen light flash at she fix pupil . paramedic # 1 ( o.s. ) run I down a line of normal saline . -- a i.v. needle plunge into the inside of Renee 's elbow . -- a syringe inject into the i.v. post . -- hand hook up a life-pack monitor . Renee 's dress be tear away . electrode press to bare skin . -- the monitor screen blink to life . paramedic ( o.s. ) we have a bradycardic rhythm at 30 . --another paramedic dial out on a cellular phone , to the consulting physician . paramedic # 3 ( o.s. ) White female . approximately thirty five year old . electrocution ... -- a clear tube be insert down she throat . -- the monitor show erratic heartbeat . paramedic # 2 ( o.s. ) she 's in v-fib . -- there 's a renew urgency even amidst they rush . -- defibrillator paddle be press to she chest . geoff look to the monitor as ... -- it go to flatline . paramedic ( o.s. ) clear . geoff no ... geoff move forward , pull away from the director . the police officer move in and intercept geoff , turn the boy away . geoff 's eye fix on the monitor . a unbend flatline ... geoff you have to bring she back ... chase rush onto the set , push past crewmember . he freeze at the sight of the horrific commotion around Renee 's still form . chase oh Jesus ... chase 's gaze connect with he son . geoff ( helpless ) dad ... we pull back from geoff , chase , and the commotion around Renee . farther and farther as the darkness around the set begin to close in ... paramedic # 1 ( o.s. ) ( urgent ) we be lose she ... darkness everywhere and we 5 omitted thru 9g omitted ext . a dreamlike fog a form drift forward , materialize out of the fog . it 's a casket . appear as if it 's float among the cloud . pulling back , we see that it 's move along a conveyor . and now , we can make out the faint form of a plane as the conveyor descend from the cargo compartment . the casket reach the end of the conveyor . a tag mark its final destination : bangor , Maine . hand reach in and lift the casket . four baggage handlers hoist the casket up onto they shoulder and carry it off . handler # 1 be it true she grow up around here ? handler # 2 yeah . over in ludlow . handler # 1 huh . never meet a movie star before . handler # 3 well you be a little late for a autograph . the baggage handler laugh as they walk off into the distance . the fog close around they and we ... dissolve to : ext . pleasantville cemetery - day we drift down from the gray sky to the somber scene below . off in the distance , a crowd of mourner be gather around a grave . priest ( v.o. ) ... I be the resurrection and the life , saith the Lord ... closer - the headstone be adorn with a iron plaque . it read , simply : renee hallow matthews 1955-1991 priest ( v.o. ) ... she that believeth in I , though she be dead , yet shall she live ; and whosoever liveth and believeth in I , shall never die ... the casket be slowly lower into the open grave . as it descend , we see geoff and he father , chase , stand at the forefront of the crowd . Renee 's grave be next to that of she parent . among the mourner be marjorie hargrove , a attractive local girl in she early twenty . further down the hillside , a wall of news reporter be gather behind a roped - off media boundary . there be a blind flurry of photo flash as the press record the scene before they . a sheriff' department patrol car cruise up the cemetery drive , pull to a stop near the mob of reporter . out of the car step gus gilbert . Gus be nearly forty , with a sheriff 's uniform fitte to he solid , ageless frame . gruff , maybe a little self - important : Gus like be a big fish in a small pond . gus ( draw near ) let 's keep it back , folk . try to show she a little respect ... a reporter duck under the media boundary , move in for a closer shot . he do not make it two step before he 's intercept by Gus . Gus grab the reporter and shove he back . gus hey ! what do I just say ? Gus mean business . one look into he eye reveal he intense , no nonsense approach . reporter ass-hole ... the reporter back off . back at the graveside - beneath the gloomy , ominous sky , the line on chase 's face shade he as a decade older than he thirty - five year . chase gently place a comforting hand on geoff 's shoulder . geoff inch forward , pull free of chase 's touch . drawn to he mother , draw from he father . the only blemish on he youthful , rosy cheek be the tear , the endless tear . priest ( v.o. ) I know that my redeemer liveth , and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth . geoff look upon the casket , gaze into the abyss of despair . following the ceremony the crowd have disperse . geoff be stand at the base of Renee 's grave . his eye fix . unmove . unaccept . chase be nearby , watch , not want to intrude on geoff 's private moment . Gus quietly move in at chase 's side . gus do she always have reporter follow she around like this ? chase pretty much so . Gus glance at geoff . gus I hear you move into town . chase I want to get geoff out of l.a . just start thing over , you know ? Gus nod . now he eye fall on Renee 's headstone . gus I remember when Renee leave . she could not wait to get out of ludlow . she use to say that life move too slow here ... chase force a smile . chase that 's Renee alright . gus I suppose so . the sky above seem heavy with imminent rain and we ... CUT to : 12 omitted thru 15 omitted ext . house - day lazy oak embrace a vintage , two -story victorian home in the rural neighborhood of ludlow , Maine . a commercial moving van be park out front . marjorie , the girl we see at Renee 's funeral , be come down the sidewalk . she check the address on the front of the house , then head up the driveway . int . downstair hallway move box clutter the downstairs . chase be weaving through the maze , do a inventory on the box . a sweaty pair of mover be climb up the stair . each be hunch over , with a garment box balanced on he back . the side of each carton be boldly label : renee - attic . mover ( o.s. ) we have get six more of this . you sure you want they all in the attic ? chase be contemplate a compromise when geoff appear from the kitchen doorway . chase ... geoff , what if we just give the clothes to goodwill ? we will keep the rest . just the clothes . geoff shake he head , firm and deliberate denial . geoff you be the one who want to move . nobody would have touch they if you do not want to move here ... chase weaken , give in . chase all the ' Renee ' box go in the attic . sorry . marjorie knock on the open frame of the front door . geoff recognize she from he mother 's funeral . she flash he a warm smile . marjorie hi. I be marjorie hargrove . you new housekeeper . marjorie have a naive , friendly quality about she . she 's also bless with eye-popping genetics . stand there outside the door , look more than a little nervous ... we can not help but like she . needless to say , she do not look like you typical housekeeper . marjorie ( be : chase 's reaction ) be something wrong ? chase uh ... no . you just ... look different than you sound on the phone . please , come in . marjorie enter . she grin at geoff again . yep . she 's nervous alright . marjorie I be real excited about work for you Mr. matthews ... chase well we be glad to have you , marjorie . you can call I chase , by the way . marjorie pass she curious eye over one of Renee 's garment container . marjorie I have always admire Ms. hallow . that scene she do in Blue Midnight , where she lover meet she at the train station ... ( she sigh ) I must have watch that movie four time . chase smile . marjorie 's enthusiasm be endear . just then , one of the mover lose he grip . a garment box bounce down the slope of the stair . when it reach the bottom , dress spill over the floor . marjorie oh. I will get that ... marjorie move for the spill . the first dress she touch be a bead peach evening gown . her finger linger on the fabric . marjorie this be gorgeous . she wear this at the emmy , do not she ? geoff move forward , act overly defensive . geoff hey , do not touch she stuff . it make she crazy when people touch she stuff . marjorie be take aback by the oddity of geoff 's statement . chase catch she eye , shrugging apologetically . 17 omitted thru 19 omitted ext . driveway - day a van be park outside . the rear side panel be mask off with tape and a stencil . chase grab the corner of the tape and carefully peel it back , revealing a crisp , new business logo : round the clock animal doc mobile veterinary service chase matthews , D.V.M. serve aroostook County ext . town - day establishing . shop and business situate around a lazy town square . quiet. relaxed . as rural as they come . we pick up chase 's van as it cruise by . ext . veterinary office - day chase pull the van in front of a unassume veterinary office . on the door be chase 's nameplate . and on the weathered wall be a outline of letter where the name and title " quentin yolander , Doctor of Veterinary Medicine " once be . geoff be first out of the van . int . examination room - day geoff and chase move inside . the office look like they be build in the 40s . a dark corridor stretch down the center of the suite . fade green wall be solid , with few exterior . it 's creepy in here . heavy , grey plastic curtain absorb much of the light which do find its way in . nothing look like it 's be update in the past fifty year . chase this do not look so bad ... chase sweep a curtain aside , revealing the interior to geoff . Dust swirl in the air . geoff how long ago do this guy retire ? chase it 's be a few year . geoff take a look around , grow uncomfortable . geoff ( skeptical ) a few ? geoff move on down the central corridor which seem to grow darker and more dismal with every step . he move on into the board room ... int . boarding area - day row of kennel be stack along the wall , smother with cobweb . ancient , rusted surgical equipment be scattered everywhere . the place be a mess . window be board up and shadow cloak the room . over to the right , geoff hear a rustling . a cardboard BOX on one of the shelf jiggle . something be move around inside it . geoff 's eye widen . still , morbid curiosity propel he forward . the box rustle again . he reach for it and ... a creature leap out at he , howling . geoff scream and jump back . the box tumble over and ... a cat crawl out . behind the protective mother , be four of the cutest kitten we have ever see , mewing away . geoff sigh just as chase rush into the room . chase what 's wrong ?! geoff ( embarrassed ) nothing . I just get spook by a bunch of furball . Inside the box be a note . chase reach for it . it read : " and a warm welcome to you . " chase great , now I have open a orphanage too . one of the kitten pad out of the box and look up at geoff with sleepy eye . her fur be stripe . geoff well , I will take one . if it 's okay ... geoff lift the fragile creature , cradling it in he arm . geoff she look like a tiger . chase spy a old broom rest in the corner . chase tell you what , you do some sweeping up here , and she 's yours . geoff nod and chase move back out into the hallway . geoff set the box back upright and lower Tiger in with the other kitten . he reach for the broom and go to work sweeping away the cobweb . just as soon as he turn he back , Tiger climb the side of the box , spilling over onto the floor . int . examination room chase be unpack a shipment of medical supplies . when he place they in the cabinet , he stir up a layer of dust . Tiger scamper by as chase cough he way out of the cloud of dust . int . waiting area Tiger see the front door ajar . and as she approach to explore what lie beyond -- the door swing open ... zowie , a siberian husky be stare back at she . he 's black and white with blue eye , with a mask that be at once menace and majestic . a pudgy thirteen year old boy , drew , have a hold of the dog 's collar . Zowie 's bark send Tiger scramble . Drew lose he grip as Zowie yank free . a strong , paternal command call after Drew from outside . voice ( o.s. ) Drew , you get a handle on that dog , now ! int . examination room chase spin around at the commotion as Tiger dart across the floor with the bark dog in pursuit . mayhem ensue as Zowie 's big paw slip on the slick tile . geoff rush in from the board area . Tiger duck beneath the back of a surgical gurney . Zowie 's snoot wedge beneath the base , inch from Tiger 's tiny , strike paw . Drew slide in on he knee , renewing he hold on Zowie 's collar . he pull the dog back . geoff rescue Tiger from beneath the gurney . Drew shrug sheepishly . drew sorry . he get kinda hyper ... Drew 's stepfather , Gus Gilbert , enter . the dread , domineer voice of authority in Drew 's life . we know he as the sheriff at Renee 's funeral . gus Hell , he think it be lunch . how ya doin ' , chase ? ( a handshake ) you have not meet my boy . ( aside ) Drew , where the hell be you manners . Drew step forward and awkwardly offer he hand to chase . then geoff . the boy shake . geoff he 's a cool lookin ' dog . Zowie lurch forward , eager to shower affection on geoff . geoff stroke the dog 's soft mane . geoff what 's he name ? drew Zowie . Drew put he palm under Zowie 's chin and turn he for chase to see . there be several scabbed - over gashes on he leave cheek . gus damn dog stick he nose in on my rabbit and they gang up on he . I swear that dog 's a idiot . drew be he gonna be okay ? with one eye on Zowie , chase spray some antiseptic on the examination table and wipe it clean . chase let 's have he hop up here . Drew prod Zowie . Zowie jump up onto the table . chase look over the facial laceration , then turn on a penlight and examine the dog 's eye . Gus pass a linger look over Tiger . he reach in to pet she , make sure it meet with geoff 's approval . gus when I be young I think cat be the girl and dog be the boy . chase there be three more girl where that one come from look for home . Drew perk up at the think , but Gus shoot it down . gus not we home . chase take the light out of Zowie 's eye . he look to Gus . chase thee facial laceration should heal up pretty quickly . I will give you som antibiotic cream -- gus -- Drew , he 's you dog . be you listen to this ? chase turn to Drew and continue ... chase his leave eye be scratch , corneal abrasion . eyedrop will help , but it 's go to take som time . try to keep he away from that rabbit , huh ? Drew nod , casting a glance aside at Gus . gus ( to chase ) I hear you have get marjorie hargrove work for you now . chase how would you know that ? Gus give chase a know grin . gus it 's a small town , chase . Gus laugh and clap chase on the shoulder . gus hey geoff , do you know you mother and I use to be high - school sweetheart ? geoff be surprised at this . surprise and annoyed . tact be not a quality that Gus possess in abundance . geoff really ? gus ( nodd ) homecome . prom . Whole nine yard . ( to chase ) course that be a lifetime ago . ext . school - day junior high school kide be converge en masse for class . chase 's van pull up front . int . van - day chase dig some cash out of he wallet . geoff stare out at the school . he 's dread this . chase what 's a lunch cost this day ? you want ten ? geoff ( unenthuse ) sure . chase look at he son . chase you nervous ? New town , new school . I know it must be pretty hard for you ... geoff ( cut he off ) I will be fine , dad . geoff reach for the door , but chase stop he . he 's try to reach he son . he really be . chase ( awkward ) geoff ... you have to help I out here a little ... " meow ! " chase drop he eye to the bulge squirming around in geoff 's jacket . he can not help but smile . chase be you sure you do not want I to pick you up . it 's a long ride . geoff open the side panel of the van and slip out he mountain bike . geoff that 's what my bike 's for ... before chase can say another word , geoff be go . ext . van - day as chase pull away , we see the handmade sign tape in the back window : priceless kitten free to a good home ext . school - day Drew be among a small circle of boy . he recognize geoff walk he bike from the van . the large of the boy , clyde , take notice of the unfamiliar face . clyde be fifteen , go on twenty . you know the type : local bully , hold back a year or two . clyde check it out . that 's the new kid . the son of that movie star . mischief gleam in clyde 's eye as he watch geoff 's every move . the other boy follow suit . clyde always take the lead . geoff field they penetrate stare . for a second he eye connect with clyde 's , then he move on into the building . among the boy , Drew be the reluctant participant . int . classroom - day mrs . gordon be address a room of seventh grader . geoff be doodling in he notebook , feel acutely out of place as he try to avoid the curious glance the rest of he new classmate be give he . mrs . gordon people , this be geoff matthews . he will be join we class for the rest of the school year ... as Mrs. Gordon point to he , geoff drop he face even lower . this be the worst embarrassment a boy could ever suffer . he would like to throttle Mrs. Gordon . a freckle - face boy , doug , fire off a question . doug hey , what 's Hollywood like ? do you know Eddie Murphy ? geoff ( annoyed ) no . mrs . gordon why do not we save that for later , Doug ? a girl with brace , susan , continue the interrogation . susan what about Julia Roberts ? mrs . gordon Susan ! that will be enough . Susan shut up . geoff sink even lower in he seat . the kid turn they eye back to the front of the room . but one classmate 's eye be still on geoff . it 's clyde . clyde shift he stare to the squirming lump in geoff 's jacket . he catch a glimpse of Tiger 's bob nose pop out . int . hallway - day geoff join the stampede of kid as the bell release they for the day . almost immediately , clyde and he croney , stevie and brad , fall in step behind he . Drew hang slightly off to the side , not really want to be a part of the intimidation . clyde what 's the hurry , junior ? where you off to ? clyde quicken he pace , pull ahead of geoff and stop in front of he . stevie and Brad move in on either side . surrounded by peer , it 's apparent how small geoff be for he age . on the wall next to they be a bulletin board display . clyde glance at it . geoff follow he gaze . display it 's one of that corny school affair with construction paper letter spelling out : " we remember renee hallow . " beneath that be picture of Renee clipped from various magazine . cloyingly tasteless . clyde ( feign remorse ) too bad about you Mom . paper say it be pretty gross , get fry like that . guess you see it , huh ? geoff nod . clyde raise he eyebrow , pull geoff 's jacket open . clyde so , what be you hide there ? stevie when you bring a friend to school you be suppose to introduce he . geoff 's arm tighten protectively around Tiger . geoff her name 's Tiger . clyde Tiger ? do not you think that 's kind of a pussy name ? ( reach out ) can I hold she ? I promise I will be real careful . clyde have a convincing way about he . geoff reluctantly hand the kitten over . clyde be so gentle with the creature that one would never question he sincerity . geoff be just beginning to feel at ease when something change in clyde 's tone , something sinister . clyde hey , geoff . you ever see a kitten run ? geoff I have see she run around the house . clyde 's eye narrow . he take a couple of step back . geoff 's heart start to sink . clyde no , I mean really run ... ( beat ) like this ! clyde backstep and bolt off down the hallway with tiger. Brad and stevie fall in behind he , laugh . Drew shrug apologetically . he 's tear , but he tear off after they nonetheless . geoff shit ... geoff run off in pursuit of they . ext . school - day geoff rush from the building , search the disperse crowd . there they be , tear from the bike rack , pedale for the street . clyde see geoff and mockingly hold the kitten out for display as they ride by . geoff run for the bike rack . ext . road - day clyde and he cohort break from the outskirt of town , riding out onto the open road . clyde glance back toward the center of town . geoff be so far behind he 's barely visible . clyde return he eye to the road ahead , raise Tiger nose to nose with he . clyde have fun yet ? clyde and he smirk buddy ride on , out of frame . with geoff give the pedal all he can , struggle to keep pace with the boy . 35 omitted further along scatter house sprinkle the landscape ahead . cochran Lake stretch into the distance beyond the housing . clyde 's clan cut from the road and blaze a trail across a residential property . the two -story house be weathered and board up . it look vaguely familiar . creepy . and when we find the mailbox post , we know why . the name be fade , but there 's no question who once live there . five bold letter : " creed . " geoff whip by in a blur , still in pursuit . ext . countryside - day clyde and he friend have abandon they bike . they have take position on top of the slope of the hill , stand at the foot of the path to the pet sematary . 38 omitted ext . pet sematary path - day geoff pull he bike to a stop short of the boy . he dismount and lean it up against a tree . geoff just give I the cat , all right ? a devilish grin creep over clyde . he stroll down the path toward geoff . clyde grab geoff 's handlebar and , back up , pull geoff and the bike with he . clyde I would but ... there be a little accident ... ( feed off geoff 's alarm ) she be try to get away . you know , run down my leg ... and she head get too close to the spoke . pretty gross . what 's leave of she be up in the Pet sematary . a zip - lock bag might help ... ( shrug ) ... but I happen to be out of they at the moment . Drew shake he head , disgust he have to put up with clyde 's antic . drew come on , clyde , just tell he where the cat be ... clyde ( turn on Drew ) ... I told he where the cat be ! now shut up , fuck - face ! clyde punch Drew in the arm . Drew shrink back . geoff flash a hateful stare at clyde . all of the boy but clyde be uncomfortably silent . there 's something frightening about clyde ... something that extend beyond the standard bully antic . we begin to get the feel that this kid be genuinely derange . clyde ( relishing the moment ) you hear about the creed murder yet ? and the place where the dead come back to life ? he motion to the path behind he . clyde ( continue ) it 's just back there . just down that path ... drew ( meekly ) clyde ... it 's not funny anymore . clyde oh ? so you get a problem ? what be you gonna do , fat -ass ? you gonna sic big , bad , old Gus after I ? Drew shut up . clyde turn back to geoff , draw closer . clyde what do you think , geoff ? maybe you could dig up you Mom and take she back there . maybe if you pray real hard , she will come back . with this last remark clyde have push too far . geoff 's face be red with anger . geoff ( quietly ) just give I the cat , ass-hole . clyde 's grin falter a moment . clyde Excuse I , maybe I be a little hard of hearing ... but do you just call I a ass-hole ? clyde poke geoff in the shoulder . clyde you mad , geoff ? Cause if you be , you should take a shot at I ... this time clyde shove geoff back even harder . clyde come on , you pussy ! what 's the matter with you ? clyde move forward again and geoff suddenly lash out , catch everyone off guard . for a instant , Drew marvel at geoff 's tenacity . clyde lunge . he hammer geoff with blow . outsize he by forty pound , clyde toss geoff to the ground . geoff struggle , but clyde 's grip prove arrest . clyde throw geoff onto he stomach , force he face into the dirt . it look as if he 's ready to smother he opponent . Drew be the first to rush in . Brad and stevie quickly follow . it take all three of they to peel clyde off geoff . clyde get to he foot and back away . there 's great pleasure in he craze eye as he watch geoff cough and gasp . clyde fuckin ' ass-hole . satisfied he 's hand out enough ill will for the day , clyde turn away . Drew 's attention remain on geoff . as clyde stroll by , he grab Drew 's arm and swing he around . clyde this way , fat -boy . stevie and Brad follow . as the group pass geoff 's bike , clyde give it a kick , knock it over . then they be go . geoff pull himself to he foot . brush off the mess , he head up the path in search of Tiger . ext . pet sematary - day the wood here have grow long with shadow . the air be still and the sound of bird be conspicuously absent . a wooden archway frame the entrance to the primitive graveyard . scrawle across the weatherstain board be a child 's barely legible attempt at " pet sematary . " geoff trepidatiously enter the clear of crude , crowded grave . collar , leash , bird cage and other accessory adorn the makeshift cross and headstone . geoff move along the outer circle of marker , each craft by a child 's caring hand . as he search , he can not help but notice the heartfelt epitaph . on the outer circle , he see a crate-board marker memorialize : smucky the cat ... he be obediant . moving inward , the marker be older . the one he can still read convey a sense of the perpetual cycle of life and death . here be a wide , flat , upright board plant deep in the earth : " in memory of marta we Pet rabit dyed March 1 1965 . " the next three row be illegible , the inscription be weathered beyond recognition ... and then , chisele into sandstone : hannah the best dog that ever live 1929 -1939 . and now ... " meow . " faint . but very much alive . geoff pick up he pace , weaving quickly toward the center . there , he find Tiger . trapped in a rusted old birdcage , its base swallow by the grave . geoff open the door and frees Tiger , stroking the tremble kitten . geoff 's eye be draw to the far perimeter ... to the deadfall ... the deadfall loom on the outskirt of the clear like a pile of skeletal remain . a abstract stairway to thing beyond . a wind pick up just then , send leave skitter in wave across the ground . 40 omitted ext . pet sematary path - day when geoff turn around , he find Drew wait for he under the archway . Drew smile , full of respect for geoff . drew I have never see anybody punch clyde before . geoff ( shrug ) he piss I off . drew ( he smile fade ) sorry about you mom . ( beat ) I could not handle not have my mom around . just have Gus ... he grimace at the think . geoff my dad 's not so bad . Drew glance around at all the makeshift grave marker . drew I swear , sometimes I wish Gus be dead ... geoff ( serious ) you should not ever say that about you parent , not even you dad . drew stepdad . Gus be my stepdad . geoff nod knowingly . geoff what be all that stuff about dead people come back to life ? drew nothing . it 's just a old ghost story . let 's get out of here ... they head off , full of childhood . int . kitchen - dusk marjorie be at the stove , fix up dinner , while chase scan the newspaper at the table . geoff enter through the kitchen door . he move past they without a word . chase ( call after he ) hey ! how be you first day at school ? geoff ( over he shoulder ) it suck . marjorie now be that any way to talk to you father ? geoff stop for a moment , turn ... geoff you be not my mother . ... and exit through the opposite door . chase look to marjorie and offer a sympathetic shrug . chase sorry . ext . drew's house - dusk crude cage house dozen of rabbit . situated alongside the garage . a sign above the cage read : pet rabbit - $ 10.00 . bell position along the roof threaten to reveal foul play . Gus be rigging a wire along the base of the cage . finish it off , he hang the plug next to a outside socket . move onto the next chore , he pour press alfalfa pellet into feed slot for the hungry rabbit . setting the feed aside , he take a seat . open one of the cage , he grab a rabbit and set it on he lap , gently petting its soft fur . one of the cage start to vibrate . Gus give it a look : a pair of rabbit be not interested in eat , they be join in fast and furious passion . Gus get a chuckle out of the sight . gus Way to go , Romeo ... Gus replace the rabbit in the hutch . and before he go , he sink the plug into the socket . a electrical charge dance along the base of the cage , a deterrent for intruder . int . kitchen - night Drew 's mother , amanda , withdraw a roast from the oven . Gus be at the sink , wash he hand . he turn to see Zowie lay at Drew 's foot in the live room . Drew be watch a music video on tv . gus Drew , I do not remember invite Zowie in for dinner . drew just until he heal up ? Gus be waggling he thumb toward the back door . Drew slump in defeat . Gus reach into the cabinet and pour himself a bourbon . ext . drew's house - night Drew walk Zowie from the house with a dish of dog food . as they pass the rabbit dens , Zowie alter he path . Drew get a handful of he collar and pull he back . across the yard be a enclose dog run . twenty foot long by ten foot wide . Drew put Zowie inside with the dog food . Drew stroke Zowie 's mane affectionately , then back away , close the wood - frame door to the dog run . int . drew's kitchen - night amanda 's about to put the roast on the table when Gus nuzzle up behind she , breathe down she backside . with he drink in hand , he sweep she hair aside and zero in for a kiss on the back of the neck . Gus ease he free hand around between amanda and the counter and press he palm firmly into she crotch , draw she body tight to he . she stiffen at he intimate hold , uncomfortable with he timing . amanda Gus , please ... at the back door , Drew be watch from beyond the screen , disgust by the sight of Gus paw he mother . Drew swing the door open as loud as he can to signal he return . Gus plant a last kiss on the back of amanda 's neck and back off . but before he go , he snatch a chunk of meat from the serve platter . level he leer eye at amanda , he stuff it into he mouth suggestively . gus God damn , you be good . Drew roll he eye and take he seat at the table , return he attention to the tv , where another music video be on . Gus glance at the tv , annoyed by the music . he drop into he spot at the head of the table , block Drew 's view . Drew lean to the side for a better look . Gus take notice and lean to the same side to obstruct he view . gus you be break the law here , Drew . amanda really , Gus . it will not bother I . Gus ignore she , inching forward with a confidential , harsh whisper . gus you mom 's spend the last hour cooking . stop be a little jerk and show she some appreciation . Drew aim the remote control at Gus , as if to shut he up , and silence the tv . amanda approach with the roast . the moment it 's on the table , Drew start dish up a hefty serve . Gus spear Drew 's fork with the serve fork . gus not that much appreciation . I think we be gonna tone down that flabby ass . drew hey , I be so sorry I be not the stud that you be . amanda knock it off , guy ... Gus throw back a sip of bourbon . gus ( to Drew , quietly ) you watch that mouth of yours , Drew buddy . 46 omitted ext . zowie' dog run - night moving through Zowie 's enclose pen , we see no sign of the dog . reaching the door , we find that the wood around the bottom hinge have be chew through . the base of the door be ajar , just enough for a dog to have slip through . ext . rabbit cage - night in the still of the night , Gus ' rabbit pen sit unattend . and then we hear the tinkling of dog tag . snooze rabbit awaken as Zowie lumber into frame . Zowie rise on he hind leg , press he paw to a cage . Blue spark fly as Zowie be jolted with the electrical charge . int . gus ' room - night the electrical zing . the dog 's whimper cry . and the ringing of bell reach Gus in rapid succession , roust he from he sleep . he roll out of bed and grab he robe . gus damn it , Drew . that dog be history ! amanda stir , groggily focus on Gus ' depart figure . int . drew's room - night Drew swing open the door to the hallway as Gus march by , stuff shell into a shotgun . panicked , Drew take off after he . ext . rabbit cage - night Zowie swing he head in the direction of the house as Gus burst through the back door . Drew be one step behind . Gus swing the gun up and fire off a shot . Zowie bolt for the shadow of the hillside . Drew rush in and deflect the aim of the rifle . drew do not shoot he ! Gus ' eye be wild with anger . gus what , Drew ? what do you say ?! Gus throw Drew aside , bring the rifle back up and fire another random shot after the flee dog . all the while , he eye remain on Drew , as if this be the boy 's lesson to be learn . he squeeze off one more shot ... a pained yelp echoe from the hillside . Zowie 's yelp . Drew whip he head aside in sicken shock . even Gus be sober by the unexpected hit . all they can hear now be Zowie 's whimpering cry diminish in the night . Drew shoot Gus a look of such unbridle hatred that Gus be speechless . he back away from Gus and dart off toward the dark hillside . when Gus turn back for the house , amanda be stand there . amanda Jesus , Gus , what have you do ? gus ah , come on , amanda , stop look at I like that . he 's have ample warning about that dog . amanda glare at he , a outpour of pent - up strain . Gus defiantly march past amanda , enter the house without ever meeting eye with she . ext . wood - night Drew pause long enough to listen for Zowie ... nothing until a faint cry drift back at he . deeper in the wood Zowie limp into frame . blood be flow from the bullet wound in he leave hindquarter , trail from he suspend leg . every step be a strain . drew come upon a break in the tree . the hang moon outline the knoll stretch beyond . and then , the strain breathe , the hushed whimper . Drew hesitantly approach the crest of the knoll . Zowie be just beyond , lie on he side at the end of the bloody trail . his chest rise and fall almost imperceptibly with every effort to survive . Drew drop to he knee at Zowie 's side and cradle the dog in he lap , shaking he head in denial . Zowie 's weak eye shift , gaze longingly at Drew . Drew stroke the fur under Zowie 's chin , hardly able to see the dog through he glaze of tear . Zowie 's eye drift off . his chest fall and do not rise again . he fall limp in Drew 's arm . Drew hug Zowie even tighter and he begin to weep . from a distance we see the image of Drew with the dog cradle in he arm , silhouett against the moonlit horizon . dissolve to : 53 omitted ext . geoff' house - morning geoff appear from the garage with he bike and take off for the road . a whistle catch he ear . Drew be at the edge of the wood , beckone for geoff . geoff circle around and double back . geoff I be just go by you house . where 's you bike ? the closer geoff get , the more he see of Drew 's despair . then he see the dry blood stain Drew 's clothes . drew Zowie 's dead . geoff 's heart sink . a unspoken moment of sympathy pass between the boy . Fighting the emotion , Drew finally speak . drew I have to bury he . I do not want to go out there alone . there 's such grief in Drew 's word that geoff can not resist . he glance toward he house to make sure he have not be see , then blend into the wood . ext . pet sematary - day Drew carry Zowie 's relaxed form in he arm . geoff be follow , balance a pickaxe and shovel . arrive at the graveyard , geoff search the outer perimeter for a vacant stretch of soil . find one , he let the heavy tool fall to the ground . geoff be this a good spot ? drew I be not bury he here ... geoff why not ? drew there 's a better place ... Drew head for the base of the deadfall , with Zowie in he arm . drew it 's back here somewhere , through the indian wood . I know we can find it ... Drew continue up the deadfall , disappear over the crest . geoff gather up the shovel and pickaxe and follow after he . geoff hey , wait up ! ext . the bog - day geoff climb over the peak of the deadfall ... Beyond be a dark swamp , a bog , look unlike anything one would expect in Maine . tendril of ground fog swirl about vegetation that look almost prehistoric . gnarl tree rise up from the murky earth , block the sun from view . geoff hurry down the other side of the deadfall to catch up with Drew . somewhere off in the distance we hear a unearthly SOUND . not a bird . not any animal know to man . spectral shape flicker at the edge of geoff 's vision , sink back into the shadow as geoff try to focus on they . geoff ( uneasy ) Drew , where be we go ? Drew do not respond . he continue on without another word , hell - bent on find this " better place . " further along - day at the boundary of the bog , a stairway of huge , wide stone rise from the blanket of ground fog . border by fir tree . lead up the hillside . the final leg of Drew and geoff 's journey . drew this be it ... I be not sure if it even really exist . geoff what do ? drew the old indian burial ground . geoff 's eye move to the stairway of stone . geoff come on , that 's just a bullshit story . you say so yourself ... drew what if it 's not bullshit ? if I bury Zowie there , and it work ... ( beat ) ... he will come back alive . geoff Drew , I know you dog die , but ... get a grip , man , you be freaking I out . drew look , if there be even one chance in a million it would work , would not you want to try ? geoff feel for Drew . it 's pointless to reason . Drew start up the stone step . geoff have no choice but to follow . ext . micmac burial ground - day even in broad daylight , the flat- top mesa have a sense of forebode isolation . there 's a almost palpable sense of " wrongness " about this place . as if the darkness of a die black hole be seeping out of the ground and spread across the earth . Drew and geoff approach the circle of rocky soil . they stand at the border , look it over in eerie silence . somewhere off in the distance we hear the unearthly SOUND again , only this time , it 's closer . geoff look , let 's just get this over with . even Drew seem to have awaken from the haze he have fall into . he gently set Zowie 's body on the ground . drew if this do not work ... do not ever tell anyone I do this , okay ? you gotta promise ... geoff nod and hand over the digging tool . Drew swing the pickaxe , sink it into the ground . geoff you want I to help ? drew you have to bury you own . that 's the way the Indians do it . it 's like a rule ... back away from the burial ground , geoff take a seat on a rock at the border of the forest . from there , he watch . Drew alternate the pickaxe and shovel as he clear a hole in the rocky ground . we move in on geoff , who 's look on with skeptical intrigue as the rhythmic SOUND of the tool continue . 59 omitted later - a cairn be complete : a conical pile of rock over Zowie 's grave . Drew be now sit on the rock next to geoff . together , they stare at the cairn as if Zowie might climb from beneath at any moment . drew what if he really do come back ? geoff shrug , ponder such a think . geoff dig into he pocket and produce a pack of gum , offer one to Drew . with only a quick glance away from the grave , Drew snatch a piece and he stuff it into he mouth . geoff do the same . they sit together in silence . nervously chew they gum . watch the grave . drew I have never have anyone die before ... ( beat ) ... but I guess you get over it . I mean , eventually ... geoff ( quietly ) you never get over it . ext . countryside - afternoon the sun dip over the horizon , give way to dusk . ext . micmac burial ground - dusk geoff 's eye shift from the grave to the darken sky . geoff it 's get pretty late . we better go . drew ( disappointed ) yeah ... they rise , leave the burial ground . en route , Drew pause for a last look at the grave . drew so long , Zowie ... geoff follow , glance back at the burial ground . it look magical in the twilight , not quite so sinister now . ext . road - night Drew be walk home along the road , alone . headlights blind he as a car approach . it slow and pull a U - turn , stop at Drew 's side . it 's Gus ' squad car . he push open the passenger door . gus get in . Drew take a step back , shaking he head . gus you momma 's worried sick over you . you take off in the middle of the night , you do not show up for school . what be you try to prove ? drew I be not try to prove anything . ( beat ) I be bury my dog . Gus turn he eye away , focus on the dark road ahead . gus life be full of lesson . no one 's above it . not you . not I ... now get in the car . after a moment , Drew approach the car . without another word , Gus drive off . 64 omitted ext . rabbit cage - night it 's quiet now . and out of the silence come the jingling of Zowie 's dog tag . Zowie 's long shadow creep over the cage , distort to monstrous proportion by the flicker light . we move past the cage to the back porch ... we see zowie' paw scratch at the door . int . amanda and gus ' bedroom - night amanda waken with a start . she rise , eye focus on the dark bedroom . Gus be sound asleep next to she . then , from outside , we faintly hear zowie' scratching . slowly , amanda rise from bed , pull on a bathrobe as she head for the door . ext . back porch - night amanda appear at the door . she unlatch it , step outside . amanda Zowie ? amanda look down and scream . int . drew's room - night photo of Drew with Zowie be tack on the wall above the bed . the one photo of Drew , amanda and Gus have be alter with a cut - out head of Zowie 's paste on Gus ' shoulder . we find Drew below . he 's fall asleep with he walkman on . even with he ear cover , the pounding at the door jolt he awake . half asleep , Drew peel off the headphone . gus ( o.s. ) Drew , you unlock this door ! right now ! amanda ( o.s. ) unlock it , Drew ! the anger in he mother 's voice bring he off the bed . Gus ' pounding continue . Drew move to the door . the inside be secure by a double dead bolt . instead of unlock they , he open a tiny , customize window which give he a view of the hall . drew what do I do now ? amanda open the door , Drew . Drew unlatch the deadbolt and step back as Gus burst through the door . gus where do you come off lie like that ? " I be bury my dog . " you think a lie like that 's never gonna catch up to you ? Drew back into the bed , take a seat . amanda come through the door , and behind she be ... zowie this be we first glimpse of the resurrected dog . fur shiny and wet , the gape gunshot wound in he rear . Zowie 's head hang low , he eye gleaming red . the husky be cover with dirt from head to toe . Drew 's eye widen in astonishment . Zowie stagger across the room towards Drew , nail click on the floorboard . Drew shrink back in uncertain horror as the dog move closer . Zowie absently throw he arm up onto the bed , across Drew 's lap . and slowly , perfunctory , he tongue lick Drew 's cheek . this last action of Zowie displace Drew 's fear . tear well up in the boy' eye . drew ( a whisper ) Zowie ... gus say you goodby . Zowie 's go outside . you be ground , buddy . that 's the new law . Drew lift he hand from stroking Zowie 's fur . his palm be cover with muddy blood . amanda I never know a open wound could smell so bad ... ( beat ) honey , he should have be look at this morning . I do not know what you be think . it 's a wonder he 's still alive . Drew gaze into the dog 's vacant eye . it truly be a wonder . int . geoff' house , live room - night chase enter and stop in the doorway . geoff sit in front of the television with a pile of videotape next to he . he 's scan through Renee 's old movie with the remote . the sound have be turn down and the effect be a little eerie . on the screen we see renee move through a scene . geoff hit the slo- mo button and the image wind down . Renee 's face . her eye stare out at we from the alien universe of the past . chase ( gently ) geoff ... geoff do not respond . he 's captivate by Renee . chase move into the room . chase geoff ! geoff pause the tape . Renee freeze , the image flicker ever so slightly . for a instant , we think we see a flash of Renee be electrocute . but it 's only a instant . finally , geoff tear he eye away from the screen , resent he father 's intrusion . geoff what ? chase you alright ? geoff 's face soften . he nod . geoff dad ... do you think ... ( beat ) ... you think you and Mom would have get back together ? chase draw closer . he take a seat next to geoff . the pain in he son 's eye be almost more than he can stand . chase I think so . chase ( continue ) you Mom and I love each other , geoff . do not ever think that we do not . geoff I still can not believe she 's dead ... chase move to reach for he son , and suddenly the phone ring , shatter the moment . chase hesitates , but finally he rise and answer the phone . after a moment , he return . geoff who be that ? chase remember Zowie , Drew 's dog ? he get hurt again . I be go over to take a look at he . geoff 's eye widen . he look like a ghost walk over he grave . geoff I be go with you . chase nod and exit to get he coat . geoff look back at the tv once more . the image pause . Renee stare at we from beyond the grave . ext . drew's house - night Gus , amanda , Drew and geoff be gather around chase 's van . ext./ int . chase be van - night chase lay Zowie on he side on a examine table and shine a overhead light onto the wound . geoff be look in from outside , utterly bewilder by the live , breathe dog . chase how would it happen ? Gus cast a threaten glance in Drew 's direction . drew ( glaring at Gus ) some psycho hunter probably get trigger happy ... chase be too busy prepare a syringe to notice the nonverbal exchange . chase I be go to give Zowie a local anaesthetic so I can clean up the wound . I would like to take he home tonight for observation . amanda Fine . drew can you keep he at you place until he get better ? chase sure ... Drew tenderly stroke Zowie 's mane as chase administer the injection . Zowie stare up at geoff with dull , blank eye . Drew read geoff 's bewilderment and join he outside the van . they word be clear , but whisper . geoff maybe he be not dead when we bury he . drew he be dead . you know he be . geoff return he stare to Zowie . drew you can not tell anyone , geoff . ever . geoff look into Drew 's eye and nod in understanding . 69 omitted thru 75 omitted int . geoff' bedroom - night Tiger be curl up at the foot of geoff 's bed . geoff climb in , careful not to disturb the kitten . as he lay he head back on the pillow ... voice ( o.s. ) sleep tight , darling . I will be with you soon . it 's a woman 's voice . a familiar one . now we hear the rhythmic creak of a rock chair . and with it come the voice again , hum a haunting lullaby . Wide -ey , geoff turn he head toward the source ... a woman' nondescript form be seat in the rock chair across the room . rocking forward , she face pass into a swath of moonlight ... it 's Renee . with the rock of the chair , she face recede back into the shadow . her soothing hum remain . and again , she face pass into the swath of light . and again it retreat . geoff raise he hand , reach out for she . Renee 's hand rise from the shadow , reach for he . but suddenly , the room begins to stretch . the rock chair and the bed seem distance like polar extreme , mother and son hopelessly separate by force beyond they control . lightning flash in the bedside window . Renee be fall farther and farther away . geoff Mom !!! geoff leap from he bed as the darkness close in and ... geoff bolt up from he pillow . awake now , face wet with perspiration . it be a nightmare . except , if it be a nightmare , why do we still hear ... ... the steady creak of the rock chair . geoff slowly turn he head once again , repeat the action of he dream . in the shadow , the chair be still rock . as it come forward into the moonlight , we see zowie , curl up asleep on the seat of the chair . Tiger be not on the bed anymore . she 's up on top of the bookcase now , wide awake , eye fix on the dog . she hiss . geoff stare at the rock chair , petrify . int . chase's office - day chase strip off the bandage over Zowie 's rear end . the wound be gooey and open . geoff read the concern in chase 's expression . Drew be right there at geoff 's side , look on . drew what 's the deal ? chase I do not know . he 's have three day . his immune system should have respond by now ... chase put on he stethoscope and check under the dog 's rib-cage for a pulse . he check a number of place , then shake he head , totally confuse . chase I can not seem to find a pulse ... it must be so weak , it 's not register ... geoff and Drew share conspiratorial glance as chase set the stethoscope aside and extract a blood sample . chase label the cap vial of blood " zowie " and carefully place it into a pack container . when he close the lid , we see the preaddress label : university of maine School of Veterinary Medicine Lab sample enclose uncomfortable with chase 's investigation , geoff reach for Zowie . geoff we will take he back to the kennel , dad . 78a omitted int . boarding area - dusk the kitten be hissing , shrink to the back of they kennel . Zowie stand motionless before they cage , gaze in at they . geoff and Drew be nearby , put the finish touch on the bedding inside a larger board kennel . geoff you think my dad will figure out why he 's not get better ? drew you think he would believe it if he do ? one of the kitten spat fearfully at Zowie . geoff turn to stare at Zowie . geoff how can he not have a heartbeat ? drew ( worried ) maybe it take a while ... Drew lift Zowie into the kennel . geoff secure the door , something that clearly must be do from the outside . Zowie immediately begin to pace back and forth inside the cage . he turn towards we and we ... CUT to : ext . town , chase's office - night a snarling werewolf rush at we . chase jump back , frighten out of he wit and we realize ... the werewolf be part of a group of costume kide out trick - or - treat . the kid laugh at chase 's reaction and hurry on , drag they candy loot bag behind they . chase sigh and turn to lock the office door . he 's close up for the night . he climb into he mobile vet Van . we hold on the new sign in the back window : " a halloween treat . free kitten . " beneath that be a pencil-sketch of a black arched - back kitten . int . geoff' house - night marjorie and geoff be at the kitchen table with the remnant of dinner . geoff be do last - minute touch on he costume . marjorie look over he costume . he 's get a hockey mask push back onto the top of he head . marjorie so who be you go as , Wayne gretzky ? for effect , geoff slip the hockey mask down over he face before answer . geoff I be go as Jason . marjorie Jason ? who 's he play for ? geoff he do not . he hack people up . geoff check he watch . geoff I be late . as geoff head for the door , chase be just come in for the evening . chase hey ! where be you off to ? geoff I be go out , dad ! geoff duck out the door . chase turn to marjorie . chase out ? marjorie he 's probably go up to the Pet sematary . kid have be go out there on Halloween night for year . chase what do they do up there ? marjorie oh , you know ... drink beer , tell ghost storey . they try and spook each other out , talk about zomby and thing ... ( she shrug ) it 's no big deal , chase . I do it when I be young . int . drew's house - night Drew be at the bathroom mirror . amanda hold still . hold still . amanda put the finish touch of color on Drew 's lip . she 's do a alarmingly good job of turn Drew into the joker . amanda you make sure you be home by ten . if Gus find out I let you go ... drew ( sigh ) I will be home , Mom . do not worry . I will not let Gus blow up again ... amanda look Drew straight in the eye . amanda Drew , I know Gus be not you father , but you never even know you real father . he walk out on the both of we , and you remember that . ( beat ) Gus be not that way . he have it in he to love we both . you just have to give he a chance ... Drew nod respectfully . amanda give he a kiss . drawing back , she rub out the lipmark she 's leave on he make - up cheek . 83 omitted ext . pet sematary - night Dark cloud paint the forebode sky . a break pulse of lightning streak through the dense haze . abandon they bike next to the path , Drew and geoff approach the archway . the graveyard beyond be deathly silent . they pass beneath the archway , enter the clear . and now , a soft , chill voice drift over the grave . voice ( o.s. ) geoff , honey . mommy 's here ... geoff freeze in he track , awestruck as ... a woman' body swoops down from the darkness above , materialize out of nowhere . a flutter negligee . flow blonde hair . renee's face appear out of the shadow , mask with sadness . geoff swallow the lump in he throat . Renee 's form keep come . but even as she approach , she visage grow less distinguishable . just a phantom countenance now . a shadow frame by golden hair , rest atop a veile body ... she 's come so fast that she 's upon geoff in no time . he fumble back , startle out of he wit ... the body be upon he now , flail wildly . geoff thrashes and struggle , scream bloody murder . gradually , he realize the body be not fight back . geoff ease he struggle , let he scream fall off . now he hear wild , mischievous laughter . Drew pull the body away . it 's just a heavy wad of stuff clothing : a dummy dress in a negligee , cap by a blonde wig . it dangle near the end of a slant wire . clyde , stevie , Brad , and a half dozen other costume kide appear from the nearby cover of bush , double over in laughter . clyde tug at a piece of twine that 's connect to the back of the dummy 's head and make spooky sound . the dummy jump around on the slant wire . clyde drop the dummy and saunter forward . clyde look at this , junior here practically shit he pants . clyde drop down , nose to nose with geoff , who 's still recover . clyde maybe you be too chicken to hang out with the rest of the boy . you gonna run home to daddy now ? geoff brushes himself off and rise to he foot . he stare into clyde 's eye . geoff fuck off . geoff push past clyde and move on into the graveyard , somehow manage to keep he dignity intact . Drew follow , then the rest of the boy , leave clyde stare after they , stand alone with the dummy . ext . drew's house - night Gus ' squad car slow to a stop outside . Gus swing open the door and amble toward the porch . int . drew's house - night amanda draw back from the window , mortify . she nervously cross to the refrigerator and grab a beer , turn as Gus enter . amanda you be home early . gus nope . just run out of smoke . Gus open a kitchen drawer and fish for a pack of cigarettes . he fire one up . gus where 's the boy ? amanda squirm . amanda uh ... in he room ... Gus tighten he brow , casting a suspicious eye . a sicken look flush through amanda as Gus pull he eye away from she and march upstairs . gus ( o.s. ) drew ! his foot pound down the hallway . silence for a instant . then the powerful swing of Drew 's door . follow by Gus ' hasten return down the hallway . and as he hustle down the stair ... gus God damn it , amanda ! you want I to be a father to the boy , and as soon as I lay down the law , you let he break it ! Gus stop before amanda . gus where be he ? one step away from terror , amanda shake she head . Gus lose he patience . he rip the can of beer from she grip and send it fly across the room . gus where be you son !? amanda sigh in quiet defeat . amanda the Pet sematary . Gus turn away and head out the door . ext . drew's house - night wheel spin as Gus ' squad car streak off into the night . the cherry top glow to life , bombard the countryside . ext . pet sematary - night by now , nearly two dozen costume kide have gather at the Pet sematary . in the midst of the grave , a small story - tell campfire burn . a number of the boy sip beer , try to pretend that the bitter after- taste do not bother they . clyde sit up front . at fourteen , he 's the elder statesman of the group . with a beer in one hand , and a cigarette in the other , clyde be just finish up a spooky yarn . clyde ... yeah , that old Louis be one sick fuck ... digging up little gage like so , maggot pour out of that kid 's eye ... clyde whistle . he drag on he cigarette and puff out a smoke ring . see he still have a audience . clyde ellie be the only creed that live . then one night a few month later , ellie freak out , and she hack up she grandparent with a axe ! ( beat ) Police find she lick they brain off the blade ... they lock she up in a psycho ward and all she say be two word : ' Pet sematary . Pet sematary . ' clyde stare at the wide - eye kid . he grin , take a swig of beer , and move in for the kicker . clyde oh yeah ! almost forget ! here 's the best part . two night ago she escape . Word be , she be head for Maine . man I hope she do not show up out here . ( feign concern ) shit , we would not even notice she , not if she 's wear a costume . she could be one of we ... clyde cast a suspicious eye on the group . the kid uneasily look at each other , make sure they know who 's behind each and every costume . suddenly clyde drop he jaw in exaggerated horror . clyde oh my goddd !!! clyde lift a tremble finger , point beyond the group of spellbound listener . clyde it 's ... it 's ... the kid be afraid to turn around , assume clyde 's rig up some unspeakable terror ... and for a instant , a look of real horror wash over clyde 's face ... a figure be come up the path beneath the archway , rise out of the swirl mist . a frightening silhouette , backlit by the moon . but then clyde realize who it be . clyde shit ! it 's Drew 's dad . it 's fuckin ' Gus ! Drew and the other quickly turn around , realize it 's not part of the punch - line scare . 89 omitted thru 91 omitted ext . pet sematary - night the kid quickly scramble for hide place in the border brush , drop they beer can as fast as they can . as Drew leap to he foot , he upset the fire , knock one of the log . a flaming ember roll to the base of one of the brittle old cross . Drew and geoff run for it . ext . path , archway - night Gus move quickly up the meander path , send the blind beam of he flashlight over the grave . gus you boy better not be drink ! ext . pet sematary - night through the thick wood , Drew be flanke by geoff and clyde . drew oh man , he 's gonna kick my ass ... Drew start to take off . clyde trip he on he first stride . Drew hit the dirt . clyde thanks for fuck up we Halloween , dumbshit ! clyde recede into the wood as Gus approach the campfire . he scan the area with he flashlight , illuminate the various beer can . gus Drew , you get you ass out here ! Front and center ! geoff pull Drew to he foot . Gus pass the flashlight over the wood . kid duck away , retreate from they hide place ... the flashlight sweep toward Drew . Drew freeze , spotlighted by Gus ' beam . a burst of lightning flood Drew 's horrify face . gus get out here , joker . geoff remain freeze in the wood nearby , out of Gus ' light . behind Gus , the wooden cross be completely on fire now . gus you out here make a fool of I ? Drew shake he head in instant denial . gus I be warning you , buddy ! you do not play by the rule , I be gonna shadow you ass for eternity ! Drew make a break from he spot in the wood . he weave through the marker , arcing around the outer perimeter to avoid Gus ... ... but Gus be quick . he zigzag through the cross and headstone to intercept Drew . Gus get a handful of Drew 's collar and yank he in . gus you little shit ! Gus draw he free arm back and smack Drew across the face . Drew go down . geoff be look on from the wood , horrify . torn ... drew cower on the ground , try to scramble away . geoff bolt out into the firelight , stare defiantly at Gus in silent accusation . Gus be beyond furious . lightning flash again . gus you get out of here , geoff matthews ! this be between I and my boy ! geoff do not move . Gus start to advance forward ... ... but the growl emanate from the wood give he pause . everyone turn ... a rustling be hear in the bush , and Zowie emerge into the building firelight , flash he fang at Gus . his eye glow red . Gus freeze , study Zowie . Zowie inch forward , poise for the attack . gus call off you dog , Drew . Drew shift he eye from Zowie to Gus , too terrify to heed such a command . Zowie brushes past Drew and geoff , move in on Gus . Gus ' eye shift to burn cross at he side . with a swift boot , he kick over the cross and press it into he grip . swing the cross like a primitive weapon , Gus connect with the side of Zowie 's head . Zowie spin a full circle from the impact . but he land on all four . unphase . take the next step toward Gus . there 's something clearly not of this world in Zowie 's vicious stare . gus ( terrify ) Drew , call he off ! all Drew can manage be a faint appeal . drew Zowie ... Zowie go for Gus , launching into the air ... gus drew ! ... and sink he glisten fang into Gus ' neck . a eruption of blood shower the close headstone . Gus come helplessly tumble down with the weight of the dog . his scream be suddenly cut short as Zowie rip out he throat . his arm flail weakly at he side , then grow still . Drew and geoff stare at the scene , wide - eye with shock . Zowie look up from Gus ' neck with drip , red fang . for a moment , he eye settle on Drew . then Zowie bolt off , disappear into the night . drew oh , god. oh , God ... Drew 's eye shift to geoff , whose face be flushed with sicken fear . geoff ( a whisper ) be he dead ? in daze shock , Drew move in for a closer look at the body . Gus ' eye be wide open . blood be still pump in rhythm from he jugular with each weaken beat of he heart . it 's a gruesome image against the roaring fire . Drew kneel at Gus ' side . he want to touch he . to shake he awake , but with every attempt , he draw he hand back . geoff be he breathe ? can you hear he breathe ? Drew lean forward , turn he ear toward Gus ' gape mouth . and as he inch closer ... gus ' finger twitch his hand jerk up and close around Drew 's neck . Gus stare up at he with he craze menace . Drew scream . his finger claw at Gus ' hand , desperate to pry it loose ... ... but then , Gus ' hand relax as he last , die ounce of strength fade away . Drew shrink back , crouching over the lifeless body as the blaze firelight dance over it . he turn he tear - fill gaze to geoff . drew oh man , geoff ... we kill he ... we kill he ... ( beat ) what be we gonna do ? geoff draw closer and look down into the dead man 's face . geoff we could bring he back . Drew 's eye widen at the suggestion . and now , gazing down on Gus ' body , and on the boy , we pull up into a slow spiral ... we move ever higher , until we be looking down upon the entire pet sematary . at the SOUND of a shovel cut into rocky soil , we ... CUT to : 95 omitted ext . micmac burial ground - night Three quick shot : a shovel sink into the earth . gus fall head down into the grave , landing with a heavy thud . soil cover Gus ' lifeless face . ext . drew's house - night amanda be pace back and forth on the porch , check she watch every few step . she sigh with relief as ... Drew appear from the darkness of the wood . Drew dismount he bike and carry it up the front porch step , strangely silent . his clothes and face be cake with dirt . amanda Jesus , Drew , do you know what time it be ? do Gus ever find you ? Drew move on past she into the house . amanda ( call after he ) Drew ? Drew , what happen ? drew ( try not to lose it ) nothing happen , Mom . we just ditch Gus , that 's all ... Drew pause and stare out into the unknown darkness of the night . int . geoff' house - night chase be in the study , peruse some file . he look into the hallway as geoff arrive home , then glance at the clock . it 's late . very late . chase rise . he 's both angry and relieved . right now , though , the anger 's win out . chase be you drink ? geoff absently shake he head . he slump back against the wall , drain from the night 's horror . chase Drew 's Mom call hour ago , the rest of the kid be back by ten . where the hell be you boy ? geoff shrug , try to mask he uneasiness . geoff just out . chase " out . " well that 's great , geoff. ( beat ) look , I have be let you get away with a lot this past few week , but I be not go to stand for crap like this . I do not care if it 's Halloween ... it 's a school night , and if you do this again ... geoff ( cut he off ) I be really tired , dad ... can I just go to sleep ? chase stop and look at he son . geoff 's exhaustion be self - evident . chase ( sighing ) go on ... we will talk about this in the morning . geoff nod and head for the stair . int . geoff' room - night the clock be creep up on 2am ... thunder rumble outside in the distance and rain start to spatter the window pane . geoff 's eyelid fall beneath unbearable weight and he nod off to sleep . Tiger be sprawle out on the blanket against he chest . slowly , we move back towards the window ... in a flash of lightning -- gus ' face appear outside . washed in the haunt white glow . streak with mud . cake with blood . stare in at geoff . geoff be jolted awake by the delay clap of thunder and whip he gaze to the window . before he can focus ... ... the pulse of lightning fade away . and with it , Gus ' face . only darkness remain beyond the window pane . geoff return he gaze to the bedroom , unaware of Gus ' appearance . he sink back to he pillow , already hurtle towards sleep once more . ext . drew's house - night moving in on the house , we single out a rain -obscure window on the ground floor , the window to Drew 's bedroom . int . drew's room - night Drew be sound asleep , curl up under the sheet . he clutches he pillow like a life preserver . gus ( o.s. ) Drew ! Drew 's eye flutter open . he turn towards the window . now , he hear some activity outside . and then Gus ' hushed voice . gus ( o.s. ) Drew , buddy . I lose my key . Drew go saucer -ey . he swallow the swell lump in he throat and rise from he bed . int . kitchen - night Drew steady he quivering finger just enough to sink the key into the deadbolt on the back door . drawing the creaking door open , he gaze out back . drew ( scared shitless ) Gus ? nothing move outside . the longer Drew watch , the more eerie each shadow become . spook , Drew step back inside , quickly close the door . he lock it back up again . when he turn around , he 's face to face with gus . Drew stiffen , back into the wall . drew h-how would you get in ? Gus offer a nightmarish grin and raise he hand , dangle he key . gus found them . Drew 's eye follow a flow of blood from Gus ' neck to the floor . Gus look down at he dirty , bloody footprint . he 's track blood all over the linoleum . gus I be makin ' a mess of you mother 's kitchen floor ... ( beat ) I need a shower ... Gus turn without another word and head for the stair . Drew 's mouth drop in utter astonishment as he watch Gus clumsily climb the stair . after a moment , he return he attention to the bloody kitchen floor . tearing off a wad of paper towel , he wet they and begin to mop up Gus ' track . 103 omitted at the mirror - night gazing vacantly at he reflection , Gus cover he ravage throat with a gauze strip , wrapping it around the circumference of he neck again and again and again . behind he , the shower be run , fill up the bathroom with steam . finish the dress off with a sloppy tape job , Gus reach for the pajamas hang nearby . he lazily button the button , fail to notice they alignment be off . he never do bother to shower . he 's still cover with mud . int . amanda and gus ' bedroom - night Gus enter from the steamy bathroom . the shower be still run . amanda stir , sleepy eye focus on he . amanda Gus , hon . I be sorry about tonight . you come to bed ? Gus lift the cover and climb in . with he come the chill of death . Gus press up behind she . his hand move beneath the sheet , find its way over the curve of she waist , caress . amanda shiver . amanda God , you be ice cold ... ( turn ) ... and you smell ! Lord , what do you get yourself into ? it 's then that amanda see the bandage around Gus ' neck . blood be seeping through the gauze . amanda my God , Gus , what happen ? amanda reach out to touch he , but Gus stop she hand short of the bandage . instead , he lean forward and clutches one of she breast . amanda try to twist away . amanda Gus ... stop it ! what 's wrong with you ?! but Gus do not stop . he throw himself on top of amanda , roughly force she back onto the bed . amanda Gus !!! amanda 's hand beat at Gus ' face and back , to no apparent effect . with one arm force against amanda 's throat , he rip open she nightgown with the other . we pull away from amanda 's struggle , back to the bathroom . the shower run on and on , cloaking the bedroom in steam . ext . road - day geoff be riding along the highway , he backpack full of school book . Drew be wait on the shoulder ahead . when geoff approach , Drew hop on he bike , get up to speed . with the boy - riding geoff keep glance at Drew , wait for he to say something . Drew maintain he enigmatic expression . geoff well ? Drew nod . geoff 's eye widen in disbelief . drew picture this ... Gus come down to breakfast and he do not say a word . he even kind of smile , like he forget he hate I . and then you know what he do ? he serve I a extra help of pancake ... ( beat ) I ask he if I be still ground ... " no . " I ask he if you could spend the night , and he nod . it 's like we be a family . a real family . the word have they own meaning for geoff , who stare to the road ahead in deep think . drew it 's weird ... geoff what do you mean ? drew it 's like he 's not Gus anymore . he 's different . you know , like Zowie ... they share a chuckle that end in silent uneasiness . int . chase's office - day chase enter with a stack of file tuck under he arm . as he organize they in the large filing cabinet with the other , he listen to he message on the answer machine . the current caller sound a little annoyed ... message machine ... Doctor matthews , this be elliot rudman at the university . I have look over the blood specimen you send we on canine Zowie ... chase abandon the filing and immediately return the call . while it ring ... voice ( o.s. ) knock , knock , doc. a mother and two toddler be stand in the doorway to chase 's office , try not to intrude on he call . mother ( quiet whisper ) we see you sign . be there any kitty leave ? chase study they . they look like decent people . chase take you pick . they be in the board area . you can go on back . chase turn away as he phone call be answer . chase elliot , it 's chase ... int . lab / int . chase's office ( intercut ) - day elliot rudman have the phone tuck under he chin , in the midst of a autopsy . the whirr of the see drown out he word as he shave the dome off a dog 's skull . chase I do not get that ... the pathologist turn off the see . his word become audible . rudman ... I say next time it might help if you take the blood sample while the animal be still alive ... the comment hit chase out of leave field . chase what ? rudman I do not know what you expect to find , matthews . there 's nothing wrong with the antigen , nothing to indicate a unusual death ... chase wait , there must be some mix-up . he be ... the dog be alive . rudman not this dog . there be not enough oxygen in that red cell to pump life into a flea . chase be baffle , speechless . rudman you take over for Doctor yolander ? chase yes ... why ? rudman because the last person that send I blood from a dead animal be yolander ... 110 omitted thru 112 omitted int . boarding area - day the kennel have be clean up , but the room retain its eerie , dimly light quality . the drip of a faucet reverberate from the far corner . the mother enter with a toddler cling to each hand . they smile fade at the unsettle surroundings . slowly , they move down the row of kennel . toddler where be the kitty ? int . chase's office - day chase ( into the phone ) look , this be ridiculous ... suddenly , blood -curdling scream pierce the air . chase drop the phone and rush out of the office ... int . boarding area - day the toddler be scream at the top of they lung . Mom be bury they head in she dress . chase burst in as the mother hastily retreat for the exit . her horrify eye flash by chase . in a instant , she and the toddler be go . chase remain alone , move down the long row of kennel with mount trepidation ... Zowie 's cage be empty . chase shift he troubled gaze to the ... drip drip drip ... as a puddle of blood form on the floor . chase raise he eye ... the kitten ' kennel - nothing but bloody ribbon of tear flesh be leave of the kitten , dangle from the grid gate . dripping . chase look away as a new level of fear run through he . chase Jesus ... it 's too gruesome even for a man of chase 's background . Fighting the gag reflex , he search the room for the miss dog ... ... and then he spot the break glass window vent along the floor . and the pile of blood - spatter shard lay on the tile . ext . school , STREET - day clyde , stevie , and Brad be loitering near the front bike rack . clyde 's smoking away . as geoff and Drew come out of the school , the trio move to intercept they . clyde hey ! just then , chase 's van pull at the curb , interrupt whatever trouble be about to happen . clyde look from the van to geoff , and fall back . drew save by the bell ... chase hurriedly roll down the passenger window as geoff and Drew approach . geoff can I sleep over at Drew 's tonight ? chase be preoccupy with other concern . chase yeah ... that 's fine ... ( beat ) listen , Drew , I get the test back on Zowie . he 's not well . do not ask I how , but he get out this afternoon ... geoff and Drew exchange concerned look . chase if he find he way home , call I , no matter what the hour , okay ? and do not try to approach he . whatever he 's get might be infectious . understand ? the boy nod they head . chase mask he anxiety with a weary smile . with a wave , he speed up , leave the boy . int . chase be van - moving a map of Maine be unfold on the passenger seat . chase be on the car phone . chase can I have the address for quentin yolander ? chase jot a address down on the map . he turn the van up a mountain road , wind through the tower pine . ext . yolander's cabin - day a remote , rustic dwelling nestle into the desolate backwood . int . yolander's cabin - day quentin yolander rock back in he thick hide chair . his world be close off from daylight by the extensive blind . he 's hold a SMALL poodle in he lap . its big brown eye be stare back at he . yolander you would be so much more interesting with blue eye ... and now , one of the poodle's eye pop out . yolander 's finger come through from beneath the eye socket . on closer examination , we realize that the dog be not alive at all . yolander have he hand inside the hollow - out carcass . he carefully look over a container of glass eye on he desk and select the right shade of blue . a shot of whiskey rest nearby . yolander reach up into the poodle 's belly and fit the blue eye securely into place . there 's a knock at the door . yolander ignore it . maybe he 's deaf . another knock . yolander turn towards the door , annoyed at the intrusion . and behind that annoyance , there 's a touch of madness . pulling back , we see the rest of the room . stuff animal be crowded from floor to ceiling . a product of yolander 's obsession with taxidermy . yolander I be immortalize a poodle . State you business ! yolander press some stuff into the poodle 's gut and begin to sew up the stomach . chase ( o.s. ) Doctor yolander . this be chase matthews . I have move into you office in ludlow ... yolander 's attention remain on the needle as he meticulously stitches the belly . chase ( o.s. ) ( continue ) ... I send a blood sample out for analysis . they tell I I send they the blood of a dead animal ... at this , yolander break he concentration . the needle prick he hand . blood ooze from the puncture , drip onto the dog 's stomach . chase ( o.s. ) ...a dog ... yolander rise from he seat and swing open the door . chase stand in the doorway , startle . it do not take a genius to figure out that the good Doctor be drunk . yolander ( glaring ) why be you bother I about this ? can not you leave it be ? chase I ... um ... chase glance to the right and step back ... a bobcat be perch nearby , freeze in mid-pounce . it take a second for chase to register that the bobcat have be stuff . now chase see the rest of the room ... a whole zoo of stuff animal , look like a rural version of the bate Motel . chase ( momentarily throw ) ... the pathologist ... he say that you have report a similar incident ... with a cat ... yolander the creed cat , that 's right . bastard 's name be " Church " . ( grin ) let I guess . you dog 's tissue be not heal , pupil be not dilating ... maybe you can not find a heartbeat ? chase exactly ! I think it might be some sort of blood condition ... immune deficiency or ... quentin yolander laugh . it 's disconcert . yolander there 's no " blood condition . " the dog be not sick , it 's dead . ( draw closer ) and so be creed 's cat . and so be he wife the night she be kill for the second time ... as yolander move forward , chase back up . he bump into a whole shelf of stuff creature . to he right , a raven sit freeze on its perch . chase regards yolander as be completely insane . yolander ( menace ) you want some advice , friend ? you get in you car , you pick up you family ... and you get the hell out of that town . chase well ... uh ... thanks ... chase continue to back out of the door . on he way out , he bump into the stuff raven 's perch ... ... only this raven be not stuff . it spread its wing and screech . chase just about jump out of he skin , trip out of the doorway . 116D omitted thru 116f omitted ext . drew's house - night Gus reach into the cage and grab a rabbit by the ear . he casually snap the neck . laying the limp carcass on a stump cut board , he quickly skin it . hanging above the cage , there be now a line of furry pelt . half a dozen . Drew and geoff be on the porch , look on . drew I guess we be have rabbit for dinner . Gus hang the freshly skinned fur to dry and violently snatch another hare from the cage . int . drew's house - night the dinner from Hell . geoff splat a help of mashed potato onto he plate , all the while keep a wary eye on Gus ... Gus be serve himself a chunk of rabbit . it hit the edge of the plate , teeter on the rim . he pass the dish on . Gus meet geoff 's gaze . for a moment , there 's a deaden , vacant look in Gus ' eye . then slowly , a limp smile creep over he , send a chill up geoff 's spine . geoff avert Gus ' stare . Gus help himself to potato and pass the plate on . he let go of it short of reach Drew . only Drew 's quick hand save it from hit the table . amanda come to the table with a dish of lima bean . she cast Gus a cold , hateful stare and set the lima down . she 's still angry over last night . Gus dish a sloppy scoop and pass it toward Drew . like before , he let it drop too early . this time Drew do not save it . the lima bean shower the floor . amanda God damnit , Gus ! this be not funny ! amanda fetch a dishtowel and kneel to clean up the mess . geoff and Drew exchange quick glance . as geoff reach for the salt ... ... Gus intercept he wrist . geoff gulp . Gus drop he jaw , revealing a gooey mass of food . but the freeze smile and the look in he eye convey dementia rather than playfulness . geoff and Drew can not believe they eye . they laugh uncomfortably . there 's no other response . Gus laugh too ... awkward , terrible laughter . spit out food over he shirt and plate as he do so . the boy stop laugh , but Gus just keep on go . amanda stare at Gus and carry the mess out of the room . through he laughter , Gus ' bandage have slip down , expose part of he rag wound . the wound glisten , ooze clotted blood and gooey pus . Drew hesitantly reach for Gus ' neck , readjust the bandage . gross out , geoff avert he eye and set he fork aside . int . drew's room - later geoff and Drew enter . Drew swiftly secure the deadbolt on he door . geoff what be that all about ? you think he 's try to scare we ? drew I do not know but I be not take any chance ... Drew open the chest at the foot of he bed and produce a shotgun . a box full of shell spill as he withdraw the gun . crack open the chamber , Drew load two shell into the chamber . ext . countryside - night a moonlit horizon . unmove . Silent . the kind of silence that pull at the darkest recess of imagination . and now , a lone figure appear on the horizon . it 's Zowie , move at a deliberate pace . atop a knoll Zowie take pause . the tinkling of he collar tag resume as he drop over the horizon line , cut down the hill . int . chase's house - night chase sit in the de , look exhaust and dishevel . in front of he , the t.v. be on . renee's face stare out at we . chase hit the remote and rise , move to the back door . he check the deadbolt , then secure the chain link as a backup . from somewhere outside , we hear a dog howl . chase 's eye drop to the doggy door , a holdover from the previous owner . chase bend down and latch the door . now he pause at he desk ... consider ... then pull something out of the bottom drawer . it 's a gun . int . hallway - night chase move to the front of the house , secure that door . satisfied , he turn off the light and head upstairs ... we stay at the foot of the stair - moving into darkness , shadow and form begin to take shape . we hear a low growl and see a flash of red eye . it 's Zowie . already in the house . 123 omitted int . chase's bedroom - night come through the door from the downstairs , chase stop cold . renee be on the bed . clothed in a negligee . lying across a blanket of rise petal . her eye meet he with powerful long . renee chase . I miss you so much ... chase ( dry-mouthed ) Renee ... chase approach . slowly . fearful that this be all a dream . Renee reach out she hand . they touch . this be not a dream . chase oh God ... chase absently set he gun on the bedside table as Renee draw he body to hers . they kiss . once. twice . not a dream . Renee roll chase over , forcefully climb on top . chase sink down into the center of the bed as Renee straddle he . slowly , Renee slip off the top of she negligee ... renee ( a whisper ) I can come back , chase ... ... and sink down on top of he , kissing he hungrily . her nipple graze he chest , then she breast flatten as she grind she hip against he . almost instantly , the weight of she grow unbearable . chase fight to pull he mouth from hers , to breathe ... chase no ... too heavy . there be no pleasure in he word , just unmitigate horror as Renee 's body come down on he harder . chase ... can not breathe ... I can not ... chase's eye pop open , frenzied , as he come out of he dream . chase be alone on the bed , but he 's still feel the weight press down on he ... zowie be lay on he chest , stare back at he , rear he tooth in a growl ... Zowie lunge forward , jaw flash , and chase twist sideways ... gnashing teeth connect with chase 's shoulder , then with the pillow where chase 's head use to be . a blizzard of down feather erupt ... chase scramble out of bed , flail for the gun on the bedside table ... the gun spin out of reach and across the floor ... chase dive for the gun and reach it just as Zowie leap to the floor . in a panic , chase fire wild ... Zowie abruptly turn and smashes through the bedroom window , send glass fly . ext . house - night Zowie slide down the room and leap to the ground below , disappear into the night . int . chase's bedroom - night chase look on in terror . finally he pull he eye away from the shattered window ... ... and catch a glimpse of something in the dresser mirror . something that send a chill up he spine . the flurry of down feather be float to the mattress . but intermingling with the feather be a handful of rose petal , slowly settling to the bed . int . bathroom - morning chase be bare - chest at the mirror , apply a dress to the dog bite on he shoulder . marjorie appear in the doorway with a basket of laundry . she stop short at the sight of chase stand there in he boxer . chase catch she reflection in the mirror and be startle . marjorie I do not mean to ... I be go to empty the hamper ... chase turn , shaking off the scare . chase it 's okay . marjorie 's eye can not help but fix on the dog bite scattered over chase 's chest and arm . marjorie what happen to you ? chase I have a little run - in with Zowie . marjorie you sure do ... marjorie set the laundry aside . marjorie here , let I do that ... marjorie look over the antiseptic chase have laid out on the sink . saturate a wad of gauze with hydrogen peroxide , she gently cleanse the gashes on he arm . there 's nothing overtly sexual in she action , but the gentleness of she touch do not go unnotice by chase . marjorie I hope he do not have raby . chase he do not . I do not know what he have , but I be hope to God it 's not infectious ... chase stop and look at marjorie 's reflection in the mirror . chase marjorie ... what do you know about the creed murder ? marjorie stiffen for a moment . obviously the creed be a sore spot for the people in this town . marjorie do you ever play that game where you pass a story down a row of people and see how screw up it get by the time it 's do ? people say Louis creed 's son come back from the dead and it drive he crazy ... ( she roll she eye ) he kill he wife and himself , and that 's the end of story . anything else belong in the National Enquirer . marjorie tape the bandage over chase 's shoulder too tight . chase 's groan snap she back to the reality at hand . marjorie sorry . now tell I what that have to do with Zowie ? chase close he eye , shutting out the pain . chase I wish I know . int . library - day chase approach the counter , look to the elderly librarian for assistance . librarian what be you look for , hon . chase do you have anything on the creed murder ? I can not find the microfilm from that period ... the librarian 's smile vanish . she lower she voice , focus she attention on some paperwork . librarian we do not keep anything on file from that far back . chase but you have get file from the previous year ... librarian we have nothing on the creed murder , sir . can I get you something else ? chase look around and realize that a dozen hostile eye be on he . townspeople withhold a dark secret . chase slowly back away , eager to escape the field of hostile stare . 127 omitted thru 129 omitted ext . highway , country bridge - day geoff and Drew have park they bike beneath the bridge . they sit on the bank of the creek below , watch the water run past . geoff be lose in think . geoff do you think everyone that come back would be like Gus ? drew I do not know ... ( think ) ... maybe it depend on what you be like before you ... geoff ( finish ) die ? Drew nod . he toss a stone into the creek , then look up at the sun and sigh . drew I gotta go back and do my chore ... geoff go later ... Drew shake he head . drew I can not . Gus would kill I if I show up late . the boy reluctantly rise and move to they bike , walk they up the steep grade to the highway . drew see you at school Monday ? geoff nod . he look at Drew . the boy be genuinely frighten . but there 's nothing either of they can do . they be trap in they role as kid . both boy mount they bike . Drew turn ... drew you ever think about run away ? geoff all the time . Drew smile at this . he wave to geoff and pedal off . drew ( call back ) see ya ! geoff wave and head off in the opposite direction . we stay on drew - as he move down the road . up ahead , we hear the approach whine of a motorcycle ... clyde rip by on a old junkyard fixer - up motorcycle , and he 's head in geoff 's direction . see he , Drew brake and pull he bike into a U -turn , pump furiously to catch up with geoff . on geoff - now geoff hear the whine of clyde 's motorcycle . he glance back ... clyde 's spot he , revving the engine . geoff pedal like mad , but it 's no use . clyde be close in on he , grin sadistically . clyde sweep in next to he , call out over the engine . clyde well look who 's here ! clyde veer right , force geoff towards the shoulder of the road ... 131 omitted 132 omitted ext . countryside - day the ground ahead drop toward a ravine . geoff have nowhere to go but down the slope . clyde be right there beside he ... laugh , clyde reach over and grab ahold of geoff 's handlebar . he jerk it sideways ... clyde oops ! geoff 's front wheel turn perpendicular . the bike pitch forward , throwing geoff into the dirt ahead ... clyde broady he bike to a stop . with the engine idling , he hop off . before geoff can get to he foot , clyde have pick up geoff 's bike and plant it upside down in the dirt . clyde guess you dad 's not here to save you now , be he ? clyde get a handful of geoff 's collar and drag he over toward the bike . with he free hand , clyde crank the pedal . the back wheel spin . faster and faster . clyde you ever see a tire take off a nose ? through the blur of the spoke , we see geoff , eye widen fearfully . clyde neither have i. clyde force geoff 's face toward the spin tread . clyde might even kill ya . wheel might chew right into you brain . you could visit you mom . geoff try to get a hold on the frame of the bike for leverage , but he arm do not reach beyond the spin wheel . clyde be full of derange glee , fuel by geoff 's fear . but now , a hand grab the wool scarf stream from the back of clyde 's neck and yank he off of geoff . clyde reel , find ... gus stand there behind he . he look bad . Real bad . his bandage be unwound and he ruin neck be still seeping . his face be unearthly pale . he 's deteriorate considerably since yesterday . clyde ( startle ) Jesus Christ , Gus ! Gus level a threaten gaze at geoff . gus go home . but geoff remain freeze . Gus fix he with a stare that could turn flesh to stone . gus I say ... go home !! geoff snap out of it and flip he bike over . he get a run start , make a beeline for the highway without ever look back . on the knoll nearby Drew stop short of the ravine , watch from afar as Gus step toward clyde . below - clyde throw up he hand . he 's frighten , but he try to muster up a cocky front . clyde come on , Gus , I be just fuck with he ... ( nervous laughter ) what be you gonna do ? give I a ticket ? I mean , shit , Gus ... clyde grow increasingly wary of Gus ' evil stare . Gus step closer . clyde you can not lay a finger on I ... wrong . Gus lash out , backhand clyde across the face . clyde fall to the ground , flat on he back , with he nose gush blood . terrify . Gus turn around and lift the idling motorcycle . with one hand under the back of the seat , and the other work the accelerator handlebar , Gus advance toward clyde . Gus kick the bike into gear and revs the accelerator . the rear wheel spin . on the pavement it would be move forty mile a hour . clyde can not believe he eye . plead . clyde Gus ... what be you do ? gus I be just fuck with you ... Gus plant he foot against clyde 's chest , pin he , and lower the spin rear wheel toward clyde' neck . the wheel whine like a circular see . Gus lower the wheel . then jerk it away , flash a sadistic smile . just when clyde think Gus be back off , the wheel come down again ... clyde ( wail ) stop it , man ! stop it !!! Gus get into the rhythm as he lower and retract the spin wheel at the terrify bully . but this time , as the wheel come down ... clyde' wool scarf , defy gravity , get sweep up , swallow into the gear . and along with the scarf , here come clyde 's scream face . we can only imagine the gruesome instant that follow . blood spray up over Gus ' arm and chest . and then we hear the sound of crunching bone jam the motorcycle 's gear . gus ( dead - pan ) whoops . he bare he tooth in a death 's head grin . on the knoll Drew have witness the kill . he 's mortify . below - Gus toss the bloody motorcycle aside , slowly raise he eye up to where Drew stand . his eye meet Drew 's . Drew hastily jerk he bike around and take off . Gus start after he on foot . int . drew's house - day Drew rush through the front door , slamming it behind he and throw the deadbolt . int . bedroom - day Drew climb onto he bed and grab he shotgun from the gun rack . his finger shake as he flip off the safety . drew oh man ... just then we hear the crackle of a police p.a. and Gus ' amplify voice come from the yard outside . gus ( v.o. ) ( mock ) this be the Police , come out of the house with you hand up ! Gus finish he word with a burst of feedback and then amplify maniacal laughter . Drew 's eye go wide with terror . he creep out into the hall , clutching the gun . int . hallway - day Drew try to look out the window . then we hear a low , guttural growl . Drew slowly turn ... Zowie be stand down the hall , leveling a dead stare . Zowie take the first step forward . drew ( horrify ) no , Zowie ! it 's I ! plead , Drew slowly retreat down the hallway . along the way , he back right into ... gus , grin from ear to ear . Drew recoil against the wall , swinging up he shotgun . drew stay back ! but Gus just keep on grin . he take a step forward ... Drew pull the trigger ... and click ! nothing happen . the chamber be empty . gus forget something , Drew buddy ? Gus raise he hand . he 's hold the shotgun shell . he let they fall to the floor . suddenly Gus wrench the gun from Drew 's hand . he swing it and ... ... Drew scream and duck beneath the blow , as the shotgun butt smashes a hole in the wall above he head . Gus fling the shotgun aside and lunge for Drew ... Drew race down the hallway to the back door . he turn the latch . the deadbolt have be lock from the inside . Drew 's eye whip to the keyholder on the wall . all the keyhook be empty . here come the jingling of key in Gus ' pocket as he come down the hall ... Drew dash away from the back door . Gus ' eye shift from Drew 's flee form to a BOX of tool in the service closet . at the front door Drew jimmy the knob . again , the deadbolt be lock from the inside . tear be stream down Drew 's face now . footstep approach . Drew spin around ... Gus be advance , with a hammer tight in he grip . gus ( craze ) you have the right to remain silent ... wham ! Gus smashes the hammer into the wall to punctuate he word . plaster go fly . gus ( continue ) ... while I bash you fuck head in ! Drew 's eye dart frantically , look for a way out . the close route of escape be up the stair . down the hallway , Zowie start run forward . Drew 's catch between a rock and a hard place ... gus you have the right to a lawyer , but you will not need one ... he run for it . Gus charge to intercept he ... Drew get to the stair first . gus ... cause you will be dead ! wham ! Gus bring the hammer down with the claw end lead . it sink into the stair below Drew 's foot ... Zowie leap past Gus , tear up the stair as Gus wrench the hammer free ... upstair Drew make it to the top of the stair with Zowie right on he heel . Drew dive into amanda and Gus ' bedroom as ... Zowie spring from the floor . Drew slam the door shut , smacking Zowie . Zowie collapse to the floor , daze . int . bedroom - day Drew throw the latch on the door . almost immediately , Gus be outside , pounding at the door with the claw end of the hammer . Wood splinter fly as the hammer claw sink through ... Drew scream and go for one of the dormer window . it 's stick ; he can not get it open . from the hallway , Gus violently smashes the door again and again . the door be splintering apart . we see glimpsis of Gus through the rag hole . gus ( o.s. ) do you understand this rights , Drew buddy ?! Drew grab a chair and heave it through the window ... gus ( o.s. ) ... or be you just too fucking stupid ?! the bedroom door explode inward and Gus claw he way into the room ... wasting no time , Drew climb through the break window ... ext . drew's house - day Drew slide down the slant of the roof . he hit the lattice and take it to the ground with he . untangle himself , he get to he foot ... ... and here come amanda , arriving home . Drew run for she car , wave he hand , throw himself into she path so she will go no further . she slam on the brake . Drew pull open the passenger door and dive inside ... drew Gus kill clyde , Mom ! he 's try to kill I ! just then , the back door fly open . Gus step out . gus Drew , buddy ! daddy 's not do yet ! amanda spot the hammer hang from he grip . Gus crack a sick smile and fling the hammer at the car ... crack ! the hammer bounce off the windshield , cause it to spiderweb . drew go Mom ! go !!! that 's all the convincing amanda need . she put the car into reverse and stomp on the gas ... int . car - day speed down the highway . Drew and amanda be mortify . suddenly , we hear the wail of Gus ' patrol car come up from behind . amanda look to the rear-view mirror ... ext . highway - day approach from the road ahead be a potato truck . int . amanda' car - day amanda hip she head back in front of they . the potato truck be blaring its horn . Gus ' car swerve out onto the shoulder , speed up to match she pace . drew Mom !!! Gus crank the wheel , jump back onto the road , force amanda 's car into the path of the oncoming truck . int . potato truck - day the driver stand on the brake . ext . highway - day the potato truck collide with amanda' car . head on . thousands of potato explode from the rear of the truck , obscure we view . we hear the horrifying sound of crunching metal . crunching bone . and silenced cry . Gus ' vehicle speed past . we hold on the mess of twisted steel . clearly there be no survivor . int . geoff' house - dusk geoff enter first . wearing a dark suit . look pale and empty inside . chase follow , dress in black . it 's obvious they have be to a funeral . without a word , geoff head up the stair . chase watch on , feel utterly helpless . int . upstair hallway - day chase exit from he bedroom , pull a sweater over a more casual change of clothes . he cock he head at the sound of geoff move about in the attic above . the door atop the attic stairway be barely ajar . chase wrinkle he brow , concerned . turn away , he head downstairs . int . kitchen - day marjorie be prepare dinner . across the room , the kitchen tv be play ... on television be the evening news . a photo of Drew and amanda appear above the newscaster . newscaster ... Friends and neighbor come to pay respects for Drew and amanda Gilbert , who die in a head - on collision Saturday ... chase enter the kitchen , eye move to the tv . marjorie that poor people . I see Gus this morning ... he look terrible . chase pull he eye away from the broadcast as marjorie set dinner on the table . chase yell upstairs . chase geoff , dinner 's ready ! ( after no reply ) geoff ?! geoff ( o.s. ) I be not hungry . chase give marjorie a apologetic look and rise from the table . meanwhile , the news broadcast continue . a photo of clyde appear on the screen . newscaster ... in other news , the disappearance of a ludlow youth remain a mystery . clyde parker be last see on Saturday afternoon . his motorcycle be find off highway 62 ... 150 omitted int . attic - night chase push open the door . a spring coil pull the creaking door close behind he . one look at the attic and chase turn pale ... a huge window at the far end of the room allow the moonlight to reach all corner of the spacious old attic ... all of Renee 's belonging have be unpack . the entire attic have be convert into a museum - like room , down to the last meticulous detail . a room in preparation for Renee 's return . gauzy curtain billow out from some unseen draft . picture of Renee rest everywhere . Award . memorabilia ... geoff be seat before the brightly light , three - way theatrical mirror , casually set out Renee 's make -up . chase geoff ... what be you do ? there 's a obsessive dementia in geoff 's gaze . geoff I be get thing ready for Mom . chase sigh . obviously the strain of Drew 's funeral have prove too much for geoff . he move closer . chase ( gently ) Mom be dead , geoff . you know that ... a creepy smile flicker across geoff 's face . geoff she do not have to be . chase freeze as a chill run up he spine . chase what be you talk about ? geoff I can bring she back . the same way Drew and I bring Zowie back ... at this , chase be positively spook . chase geoff , this be crazy . Zowie do not die . geoff he do . we bury he . ( intense ) there 's a place out in the wood ... if you bury something there , it come back alive . chase stare at he son . this be insane . it must be . just then , the phone ring downstairs . geoff continue to stare at he father . geoff we try it on Zowie first . and then we do it again , when Zowie kill Gus . Drew do not want Gus to be dead , so we bring he back , too ... it 's too much for chase . his mouth be hang agape . marjorie ( o.s. ) ( outside the attic door ) Doctor matthews , you have get a call . it 's the caretaker at the funeral home . something about you wife 's grave ... chase nod in private acknowledgement . he stare at geoff as he back away . chase look , geoff . just ... just relax , okay . I be go to take this call and I will be right back . okay ? geoff do not respond . chase pull open the door and leave . int . kitchen - night chase be on the phone . the caller' word bring grave concern to chase . chase what ?! Christ , I will be right there ... chase hang up , stunne . he turn to marjorie , who 's watch he with a concerned gaze . chase ( hurried ) marjorie , I need you to stay late . geoff be really upset and I have to take care of this . do not let he leave the house , alright ? chase be out the door before she have a chance to respond . 151b omitted thru 151f omitted int . attic - night geoff be lay on he mother 's bed , weep . Tiger sit at the foot of the bed . suddenly she waken and hiss . from out of the darkness ... renee's hand enter frame , gently touch geoff 's side . and with its arrival , so come she eerie lullaby . renee ( a whisper ) I need you , geoff ... geoff slowly raise he head , bewilder . Renee 's hand withdraw into the darkness . he reach out for she , but she 's go . the lullaby remain , beckone from down the attic stair . the attic door slowly swing open of its own accord . geoff rise from the bed and follow . int . downstair foyer - night geoff look into the live room as he pass . marjorie have fall asleep on the sofa with the tv on . 155 omitted ext . pet sematary - night the lullaby drift from beyond the deadfall . the fog roll inward , towards the distant burial ground . as geoff move towards the deadfall , the fog converge around he . 157 omitted ext . the bog - night the lure of Renee 's lullaby pull geoff deeper into the wood . we hear the unearthly animal howl once more . 159 omitted thru 167 omitted ext . pleasantville cemetery - night chase 's van pull to a stop behind a maintenance vehicle . chase be greet by the limping caretaker , who quickly lead he off across the roll hillside . caretaker ... sorry to disturb you , Doctor matthews , but I think you would want to come have a look for yourself . it 's the damndest thing ... at renee's grave - chase stop cold , gaze at the ground before he in disbelief ... the grave be a gape cavity . the casket have be unearth . Renee 's body be miss . chase Jesus ... ( uncomprehend ) Gus do this ?! caretaker ( nodd ) he stick around after the funeral . told I he have a order to exhume you wife . I do not think much of it until I see he drag the body out of the coffin ... ( shake he head ) he put you wife in he truck and drive off right through amanda and Drew 's headstone ... the caretaker point across the hillside ... tire track cut through the manicure grass , cut a path of destruction right through the field of headstone and on through the fence . caretaker I swear , nothing this weird have happen since Louis creed dig up he boy ... ( beat ) you want I to notify the authority ? chase do not answer , he just storm past the caretaker . int . van - night the van be speed down the dark , open highway . chase be on the car phone , frantic , wait as it ring . there 's finally a answer ... chase Doctor yolander , this be chase matthews , we speak the other day ... yolander cut he off . yolander's voice ( bitter ) you do not leave town , do you . int . yolander's house ( intercut ) yolander sit in the darkness , a bottle of whiskey and a tumbler at he side . his " creature " be all around he , eye glow with reflect moonlight . his voice be slur . the voice of someone who 's already damned . yolander you sorry bastard . you stay . I have nothing more to say to you , matthews ... chase's voice ( desperate ) look , just tell I one thing . do I treat a animal that have be bring back to life ? do I ?! yolander what do you think ? int . chase be van - night chase grip the carphone tightly , he knuckle white . yolander ( v.o. ) believe what you see , matthews . the dog be dead . chase my God ... ( mount horror ) ...how be that possible ? you have to help I , Doctor yolander . I do not know what I be deal with here ! they have dig up my wife ... yolander's voice ( cut he off ) I be retire from my practice , matthews . it 's you practice now , and it 's you problem . ( beat ) God help you ... chase ( scream ) wait ! do not hang up ! but yolander do . and now we hear the dial tone . chase shit ! chase fling the carphone down , look up as ... a approach potato truck zoom by . blind headlight . a blaring horn . chase barely swerve out of the way . recovering from the scare , chase reach over and open the glove compartment . he pull out he gun and set it on the seat next to he . ext . micmac burial ground geoff climb the stone step , reach the flattop meas . he stop short , look over the clear ... gus be stand in the center of the burial ground . he 's humming , mimick Renee 's feminine tone . now he stop and slowly turn , regard geoff with dead eye . he 's hold a pickaxe and shovel at he side . Gus look to the ground at he side . geoff follow he gaze ... a vision of renee's grave appear - headstone . manicure grass . thrive flower . as if it have be uproote from she rest place at pleasantville and set down right in the middle of the micmac ground . and now , the vision of Renee 's grave fade away . in its place be a bundle of white : renee's shroud body . Gus raise the pickaxe , offer it to geoff . gus you bury you own , geoff . geoff slowly nod and approach , seduce beyond reason . 169 omitted thru 177 omitted int . geoff' house , live room - night marjorie stir on the couch , blink she eye open at the SOUND of a thud upstairs . otherwise , the house be dark and silent . marjorie geoff ? int . hallway - night marjorie start up the long , dark flight of stair to the attic . the thin night - shirt she 's wear do little to protect she from the sudden cold . she clutches herself , shiver . marjorie geoff ? you okay up there ? int . attic - night marjorie cautiously push open the door . her concern for geoff be forget as she behold the Renee hallow memorabilia . she move about Renee 's unpack belonging in bewilder reverence . the gauzy curtain billow about marjorie like ghost . and then she glimpsis something beyond the curtain ... a figure stand in the shadow , wear the bead peach dress that marjorie have admire earlier . for a moment we think it 's Renee , but as marjorie draw closer , we see that the dress have be fitte onto a dressmaker 's model . marjorie lay a hand on the fabric , feel the contour of the design . eext . gus ' house - night chase 's headlight sweep across the front of the dark house . pull to a stop , chase open the van 's door ... zowie leap out of the darkness , sink he tooth into chase 's shoulder . chase be throw back over the car seat , grapple with the nightmare dog as it tear into he again and again ... chase scream , reach back for the gun . he grab hold of it and swing it around ... fire ... Zowie be blown backwards , clear out of the car , spraying chase with blood ... Zowie land outside on he foot , look stunne . his chest be a ruin mess . Zowie whimper and drag himself weakly towards the front porch . chase stumble out of the van , clutching the gun . he 's bleed profusely . 179 omitted ext . porch - night a old see be lay in a pile of sawdust next to a square hole that 's be cut in the base of the front door . chase give it a look as he try the door . it 's unlock . chase enter , bring with he a illuminate swath from he headlight . int . gus ' house - night chase 's headlight stream through the window , distorting the interior . the house look like it 's be through a tornado . a trail of bloody paw print lead into the kitchen . the stench be repulsive . grimace , chase have to keep himself from gag . chase Jesus ... as chase move forward , he catch sight of ... gus stand in a swath of light . at Gus ' foot be Zowie , tongue lolling out of he mouth . Dead for the second time . scatter around the dog be various tool . propped against the wall be the cut out square of wood . it 's fitte with hinge at the top . chase Gus , what be you do ?! Gus glance down at the dead dog . gus ( dead - pan ) I be building a doggy door . chase God damn it Gus , you dig up my wife ! what the fuck be go on around here ?! Gus bring a cordless electric drill up from he side , point it at chase in a threaten manner . gus ( grin ) a little drilling . a little kill . as Gus move forward , chase get a good look at he for the first time . he do not look even remotely alive . chase Holy shit ! chase level he gun with a tremble hand . Gus stab the air with the drill , feed on chase 's horror . chase pull the trigger . a bullet pound Gus ' chest . a spray of flesh explode from he back . unphase , Gus regains he balance . gus God I hate when that happen ... before chase can squeeze off the next round , Gus rip the gun from he grip ... gus you get a permit for that ? open the chamber , Gus empty the remain bullet and toss the gun aside . gus do not think so . Gus fire up the drill . the bit spinZZZZZZ . he dive at chase , knock he back against the counter . the drill bit sink into chase's arm ... chase scream as Gus withdraw it . now , he press it into chase 's shoulder . chase be on the verge of black out now . the pain be unbearable ... Gus withdraw the drill once again , aim now for chase 's eye . gus ( maniacal ) no brain , no pain , chase . think about it ... the whirling drill bit be millimeter away from chase 's eye . he clutches Gus ' arm , try to force the drill aside ... at the last second , adrenaline kick in and chase divert the drill . it sink into the counter - top nearby ... stuck . Gus roar , lash out , but chase manage to duck away ... chase catch sight of he gun on the floor . he scramble for it , scoop it up ... bullet be roll across the floor every which way . chase slap he palm down on one and desperately fumble with the chamber ... Gus ' hand clamp down around chase 's neck . he swing chase around and slam he against the wall , lift he off he foot ... chase gasp as the life be literally crush out of he ... he bring the gun up beneath Gus ' chin and jam it into he ruin throat . Gus just keep on throttling he ... gus ( insane ) just remember , chase ... I have Renee first ... and now I be gonna have she last ... blam ! the top of Gus ' head blows off . his body be throw back by the incredible force , tumble he to the kitchen floor with a heavy thud . chase suck in precious air , then he head snap up . chase geoff ! ext . gus ' house - night chase stumble from the house . it 's a wonder he 's even conscious . he swing open the van door and throw himself inside , sink the key into the ignition . int . attic - night marjorie be now seat before Renee 's theatrical make - up mirror , entrance . she 's wear the bead peach dress . with the help of Renee 's vast array of cosmetics , marjorie have turn herself into a stun beauty . the lipstick be not quite right . turn to the countertop magnify mirror , she carefully touch up she ruby red lip . her face fill nearly the entire mirror ... ... except for one rim , which reflect the dark , shadowy attic behind she . a huge eye join she reflection in the distorting mirror . marjorie nearly jump out of she skin . she spin around ... marjorie Jesus , geoff ! do not sneak up on I like that ! ... but no one be there . the make - up mirror catch another glimpse . Renee 's red lip , magnify tenfold . the lip begin to move ... renee ( a whisper ) do you really think you could be like I ? Renee 's fist swing in , smashing a panel of the mirror ... marjorie raise she hand to protect herself against the fly glass . and as she hand come down , she find ... Renee stand before she . her ghostly form silhouett by moonlight . curtain billow around she . we never fully see she . marjorie 's face go white with fear . renee such a young face ... but you have get potential ... Renee grab a fistful of marjorie 's hair , viciously yanking she head back ... renee we will do the eye first . you always start with the eye ... Renee lash out , slashing a mirror shard across the skin beneath marjorie 's right eye . marjorie scream . int . geoff' room - night geoff awaken at the commotion upstairs . he rock forward , rise from he bed . 185 omitted int . hallway - night geoff pause at the base of the attic stairway , look up at the open door . all he hear be the faint sound of movement . geoff marjorie ? you know you be not suppose to be in the attic . geoff start up the stair . int . attic - night geoff trepidatiously enter . he weave through the maze of gauzy curtain . and then he see she ... Renee be stand in the midst of the attic . she 's perfectly make up . gorgeous . just as she be on the day she die . she smile warmly . geoff Mom ... renee I come back for you , geoff . we be go to be together again . Renee raise she outstretch arm to receive he . through the haze of he tear , geoff do not see the sinister , vacant gleam in she eye . int . chase be van - night reaching the house , chase skid to a stop across the lawn . 188b omitted int . attic - night chase cautiously enter with the gun in he grasp . the spring coil swing the creaking door shut behind he . from chase 's vantage point , he can not see they yet . he make he way around the stripped dressmaker 's model , past a upright dress mirror . and then he see ... marjorie slump against Renee 's bed like a ragdoll . we can only see half of she face . it look untouched . chase reach for she ... chase marjorie ? marjorie 's head roll sideways , expose the other half of she face . the skin have be stripped from she skull and peel back ... chase turn he head away . and that 's when he see they ... renee and geoff holding each other tightly . geoff have he head bury in Renee 's breast . Renee look up from she son , meeting chase 's gaze . her voice be both seductive and terrifying . renee hello , chase . chase gasp . the word " horror " do not do the moment justice . chase oh my God ... renee we can try again , chase . we can make it work this time . chase sink back against the wall . he 's lose a lot of blood and he strength be leave he . chase ( shaking he head ) no ... renee do not you love I anymore , chase ? chase you be not Renee ... Renee 's dead ... ( scream ) geoff ! get over here now ! but geoff just hold he mother tighter . a hint of annoyance flicker through Renee 's eye . she stroke geoff 's hair . renee ( look at chase ) geoff , honey , why do not you go downstairs . you father and I need a moment alone . do it for I ? geoff look up at he mother , mesmerize . she release he from the embrace . he brushes past chase without a glance and head for the attic door . renee geoff ... geoff pause at the door , look back . Renee 's word have a hauntingly familiar ring ... renee I love you . geoff smile . turn away , he open the door and ... clyde be stand there , a axe perch on he shoulder . his face be tear to shit , bone and brain matter expose . he 's cover from head to toe in dirt and clotted blood . he look worse than any of the undead we have see . a total walk nightmare . clyde ( grin ) hey , junior . wanna play ? whoosh ! clyde swing the axe , sink it into the wall just in front of geoff 's face ... geoff tumble back onto the floor , snap out of he trance . clyde bring the axe down ... ... and geoff roll to the side , barely avoid decapitation . chase geoff ! chase stumble forward to rescue he son . as he do so , clyde bring the axe back up , smashing chase in the head with the blunt end ... chase go down . unconscious . clyde oops ! look like daddy get a boo - boo ... clyde turn he gaze back on geoff . clyde now , where be we ? geoff shuffles backwards across the floor as clyde move into the room . Renee pass behind clyde . she slam the attic door shut and snap off the knob with a jerk of the wrist , lock they all inside . scare out of he wit , geoff make it to he foot . clyde swing again and miss ... geoff grab hold of the axe handle , struggle , and the two boy go down ... renee move to the vanity . she sweep a hand across it , send everything crash to the ground . Crystal perfume bottle shatter , spilling they content over the floor . Renee reach for a lighter and flick it on . she touch the flame to the perfume- soak floor ... flame roar into existence , racing across the floorboard , ignite the curtain ... we see the flame reflect in Renee 's soulless eye . on geoff and clyde as they wrestle with one another across the floor . bloody spittle drip from clyde 's face . he flash a feral snarl . clyde lunge forward and tear into geoff 's shoulder with he tooth ... geoff scream . his hand grope blindly for a weapon and close on a mirror shard . he jab it up and into clyde 's eye ... somehow , geoff manage to roll out from under clyde . he rise to he foot ... clyde let loose a demonic roar . he charge , slashing the axe wildly , knock aside curtain and dress model alike . nothing 's go to stop he . nothing . flame be consume the attic , lick the rafter , ignite the canopy draping ... devour everything . smoke be roll across the floor ... geoff reach a far wall . he 's trap in a corner . there 's nowhere else to go . behind geoff be a circuit BOX . insulated cable run from the box down through the attic floor . geoff turn ... and here come clyde ... clyde here it come , buddy ! here it fucking come !!! clyde swing . geoff duck . the axe hit the circuit box behind he , sever the insulate cable ... as clyde rip the axe out of the wall for another try , geoff reach for one of the sparking cable . clyde raise the axe above he head ... clyde eat it , ass-hole ... geoff eat this !!! ... and geoff shove the live cable into clyde 's mouth ! SPARKS shoot out of clyde 's eye and ear . he jerk back and forth , writhe in a horrific replay of Renee 's electrocution . then clyde 's face blows apart in a gout of ruin flesh and blue flame . the circuit be blow and the smoking body fall ... geoff drop the cable . the blaze inferno be close in . he run to chase ... chase be barely conscious . geoff drop to he knee and pull he father to he foot ... renee ( o.s. ) do not leave I again , geoff ! geoff turn ... renee be stand in the midst of the flame , reach out . the make - up and mortician 's wax she wear fall victim to the heat and she " face " begin to melt away ... renee do not leave I alone ! geoff turn away , horrify . with chase on he shoulder , he reach the door . lock . geoff set chase against the wall . he spot the axe , still clutch in clyde 's hand . geoff drag the axe free from the dead boy 's grasp and go to work on the door ... ignoring Renee 's cry , geoff swing the axe again and again , chopping the door apart . he cough through the smoke . the flame be almost upon they ... finally , the wood splinter apart . geoff reach through and grasp the outside handle , pull the door open . then he turn and lift chase up once more ... at the door , geoff pause for one final , tearful look back . then he face harden and he turn away , pull chase to safety . renee no , geoff ! no !!! on renee alone in the fiery storm , scream . flame devour she flow white dress . her face do not even look remotely human anymore . and as the inferno slowly close in , we ... dissolve to : ext . veterinary office - day we pull out from a sign on the door that say " close " . chase be just now lock up the door . he 's bandage up , look a little worse for the wear , but happy to be alive . he turn , grin ... geoff stand near the van , hold Tiger in he arm . geoff all set ? chase all set . chase join geoff at the van and together they climb inside . chase start the engine , pull away from the office . we stay on the van - as it move off down the street , pass the familiar landmark of sleepy ludlow . rising up - we follow the van as it sweep out of town . ludlow look picture - perfect from we bird 's eye vantage point . charm and quiet . chase ( v.o. ) so where be we go ? geoff anywhere but here . we continue rise up into the brilliant blue sky , lose the van amidst the roll Maine countryside and we dissolve to : ext . micmac forest - day rushing over the wood , just above the tree top . it 's a ocean of sway green beneath we . a forest as ancient and mysterious as anything on the Earth . and suddenly - the endless tree fall out from under we . we find ourselves above the flattop mesa of the micmac burial ground , swoop downward ... the ground surge towards we . we see Renee 's OPEN grave . the quality of light be different now . we hear the wail of the lonesome wind , and perhaps , the whisper of something altogether alien . and on the unsettle note , we ... fade to black . the end