phantom thread written by Paul Thomas Anderson camera begin on a close up of alma , sit by a fire .. '' alma reynold have make my dream come true . and T have give he what he desire most in return . dr . hardy ( oc ) and what 's that ? alma every piece of I . dr . hardy ( oc ) he 's @ very demand man , be not he ? it must be quite a challenge to be with he . alma yes . maybe he 's the most demand man ... cur to : ext . establishing shot , the house of woodcock , london — dawn . a georgian house in fitzroy Square , 1955 , camera push in and boom up ... CUT to : int . apartment — london — 1955 - morning . watch the art of reynold woodcock ( late 5as ) get dress in the morning . in the closet , in the bathroon .. CUT to : int . apartment — vartous — that moment . cyril woodcock ( 60 ) be he sister , right hand , house manager , premiere , she move to the kitchen , direct a housekeeper , deal with breakfast , cut flower , etc , then head down a hall and up some stair into -- CUT to : int . apartment - workroom — that moment cyril enter , turn the light on , this room have be convert into a workspace / fitting room to make clothes . two long work table , sewing machine , fabric , flat overhead lighting , curtain draw over window . a mini-atelier . slowly , over the next few minute , the staff come in and prepare for a day 's work . the staff in the House of woodcock be lead by cyril , two woman nana & biddy ( 408 ) head sewer . there 's a older woman name elsa ( 60 ) who never speak and a awkward look girl name irma ( 20 ) who work beneath she and speak less . two other hand , pippa & winn ( 30 ) various other hand bring the total staff to around 15 / 20 . cur to : int . breakfast . Breakfast for reynold be take in the kitchen , which be on the bottom floor . carrot juice and sausage . cyril enter , reynold , '' my old so & so — good morning '' and they eat in perfect harmony , quietly , with small word here and there . reynold look over sketches , newspaper , cyril over mail , book keep , sketches . reynold 's current live - in lady friend be johanna ( 30 ) she have the shape of a fashion model , long and lovely , but she look tired and sad ; she present he some fresh biscuit . johanna , try this .. from the corner shop . reynold , try they , please they be delicious . reynold : remember I tell you , johanna , no more stodgy thing . johanna I do not know that . reynold be back to he sketches . johanna you may have tell it to someone else but you never include I in that news . they eat quietly . johanna where have you go , reynold ? there 's nothing I can say to get you attention aim back at I , be there ? he look at she / can not look at she ... reynold '' I can not begin my day with a confrontation , please . I be deliver the dress today , and I can not take up space with a confrontation . I simply do not have time for confrontation . cu . johanna 's face . sad and defeat . cur to : int . apartment — ground floor , front door — later morning cyril open the door for countess henrietta harding ( late 30 ) and she business manager peter martin ( 40s ) greeting , smile , and they head upstairs , camera follow they to see the space ... it 's very simply appoint , elegant . it 's very quiet . ' they arrive at the top of the stair and head into the salon / fitting room . the staff stand to attention . cur to : int . fitting room / salon — morning . henrietta be in she slip . a ball gown be bring to she . reynold guide the process of enter she into the dress with biddy and nana as help ... «her long leg extend into the dress first . then it 's pull up .. Close on henrietta as they dress she , touch she . shoe go on . head piece go on . Opera cape go on . wider to reveal henrietta in the dress , full outfit . in front of a mirror . henrietta it 's the most lovely thing I have ever see . CUT to : angle , reynold and henrietta — moment later . as henrietta be leave , out of dress . staff be pack up the dress in background . henrietta swell reynold I would like to send nana & biddy over to help you tonight , what time be you due to arrive ? henrietta Seven o'clock . reynold why do not I have they come to you around five ? and who will be do you make -up ? henrietta Sally . reynold . I will telephone she now and tell she what 's need . I do not see a need for elaborate jewelry , do you ? henrietta no . reynold and simple face , nothing at all noticeable , and french bun for a clean neck . emotion , to reynold . henrietta it 's beautiful , reynold . Worth all we have go through . it make I feel like I have courage . cur to : int , royal gala event — british museum — night henrietta appear at the royal event wear the dress . a few large scale shot watch she make entrance , past guard , dignitary . cyril , be here , tracking the dress from the sideline -- cur to : int . reynold 's dinner spot — night it 's he usual spot , he enter , greet by the maitre d' , show to he table . he sit , settles in , settles down . later , cyril meet he here , they have they usual dinner : cyril what would you like to do about johanna ? reynold cyril I mean , she 's lovely . but the time have come . and she 's get fat sit around wait for you to fall in love with she again . reynold ( nod ) cyril I nil give she the October dress if that 's alright . nod again . more eat , then : reynold T have a unsettle feel . base on nothing I can put my finger on , just butterfly . I have have the strongest memory of mama lately . come to I in dream , smell she scent , the strongest sense that she be near I .. reach out . I would very much like to think she 's see the dress tonight , do not you ? pause , then : cyril yes . reynold comforting to think the dead can watch the live ..1 do not find that spooky at all . cyril why do not you go to the country tonight ? I will follow tomorrow . reynold yes , good idea . I like that idea very much . dissolve to : ext . country — dawn reynold 's car drive . out of town and into the country ... he pull over .. cuT to : int . petrol station / garage — morning reynold wait while car be fill up .. ie see a Hotel across the street .. something take over he and he walk over ... CUT to : int . HOTEL — day reynold come inside . he sit . there be three or four women work here , not many customer . reynold look up to see : aima . she serve a old couple . reynold sit at a table , he look at she . she look at he . this be a silent sequence of look between they .. this goe on for a while as they engage each other like a silent film . cu . reynold transfix and watch she , she come and stand over he , look down ... sound and everything else seem to fade away .. alma what would you like ? reynold welsh rarebit . with a poach egg on top and bacon . scones. jam . cream and butter . pot of lapsa . she come back , bring he tea . then he food . they look some more at each other : well ? reynold may I take you to dinner ? he look at she , she look at he some more .. she nod ' yes 's she fill out he check ... give it to he . he look at it , it say , '' for the hungry boy , my name be alma '' she move off , camera stay with she . cur to : ext . STREET corner — evening . she stand outside a pool of light . reynold come roaring down the street in he bentley . he pick she up . they drive off . CUT to : int . bentley — moving . he 's drive as he do . she be not scared . he look at she the entire time he drive ... reynold be you ready for dinner ? alma , yes . reynold good. I too . I be famish . cur to : int . restaurant / SMALL HOTEL — night they be sit together , eat dinner . reynold put he napkin into he water and lean in close to she and start take off she makeup — / lipstick — ( ? ) reynold I like to see who I be talk to . so he lick it with he mouth and wipe some more . reynold there you are.did you mother have brown eye ? alma yes reynold do you look very much like she ? alma yes . reynold do you have a photograph of she ? alma yess reynold let I see . alma no , not with I . at home . reynold carry it with you . always carry she with you . alma where 's yours ? you mother ? reynold ( touch he coat ) she 's here , in the canvas ..0 qne can sew anything into a coat . alma what ? what do you mean ? reynold as a boy I would put secret , coin , word , message , anything into the lining of a garment . thing that only I know be there . alma that 's beautiful , you secret . reynold : here , over my breast , I have a lock of my mother 's hair . a way to be close to she always . she be a very special woman who teach I my trade , I try to never be without she . alma «¥ou love she very much .. cur to : 10 int . car — drive — night cu . on alma as they enter the driveway to the house .. hold her face , with reynold in the background .. her Pov — the road , wide angle behind car ~ coming down drive , revealing house ... cur to : ext . country house — night . Nice country house . they get out of the car , enter . ccut to int . country house - night . alma and reynold enter . he bring she down a hall and into a room and straight to something he would like to show she .. he find a photograph of he mother in a wedding dress , circa 1917 . reynold I make this dress for she when 1 be sixteen year old . alma it 's beautiful . she 's beautiful . reynold this be for she second husband , for the wedding , my father have die , many year before ... #e live with a evil nanny blackwood , who , because of superstition would not help I sew the dress — she believe it would bring she bad fortune , to never be a bride , not that anyone would have have she , she seem ancient to we — I do not know how old she be - so I sew alone , for month & month .. sweat and sewing , hunch over ... hateful nanny blackwood never marry anyway ! ( all the help I could have have from hex ... ) I shape the form of it on my sister , my first mannequin there be endless superstition when make a wedding dress . Girls afraid they will never marry if they touch it , model afraid they will marry only bald man if they wear the dress . I cu . photograph . the dress be beautiful . alma where be the dress now ? reynold I do not know . I do not know what become of it . most likely ash . fall to piece . alma what about you sister ? reynold what ? alma do she ever marry ? reynold no . cur to : int . live room — later . ' they walk through the house ..he take she into a large live room , he prepare a fire for they .. alma you be thing be so well arrange . who do it for you ? reynold I do . cu . alma . feel she 's say something silly . reynold and alma , at the card table , later . they be sit together , pick up with they , mid-conversation ; alma my sister be a terror — maybe she all be a great dictator some day — but she 's very talented . reynold what be she talent ? alma , she draw very well . reynold what be you talent ? alma T have none . I play piano but not very well . I draw well - but not like my sister . I can make clothes . reynold can you ? alma T do . not like you , but I can ... reynold well — what will you be when you finally grow up ? alma I want to be a mother and I want to be a wife . he look at she for a while . she look right back . ' alma if you want to have a stare contest with I you will lose . you look like a bird to I sometimes — reynold ( smile ) alma or a alligator — reynold ( smile ) a alma you be a very handsome man . alma you must be around many beautiful woman . why be not you marry ? reynold I make dress , alma yes , but - you can not marry if you make dress ? reynold I be quite certain I be never mean to marry . I be a confirm bachelor . Marriage would only make I deceitful . and I do not ever want that . alma you sound so sure about thing . you be just act strong , for who ? not for I , I hope , reynold it be only the expectation and assumption of other that cause heart acheun . would you help I ? alma , yes reynold let 's go upstairs they walk across the live room , and head upstairs ... cur to . 13 int , upstair / workroom -atelier — that moment . they arrive at the top of the step and move into a large room , which be convert to a workroom / atelier . alma , without be tell , step out of she clothes ... stand in she bra and underwear .. reynold get a tape measure and a notebook and proceed to measure she out .... and write down she size . they do this in silence . camera move around a little ..... we hear someone come up the step .... it 's cyril . cyril and who 's this lovely creature make the house smell so nice ... alma turn around , do not flinch — alma I be alma . cyril I be cyril . reynold my old so and so would you — cyril come close to alma , smell she ... cyril sandalwood . and rosewater . sherry . lemon juice ... alma yes . we have fish for dinner . cyril begin to write out as reynold measure . watch this play out . measure , dictating size , write . it 's very detailed and take a while ... reynold ( to alma ) yes but stand normally now . alma reynold you be not 1s alma stand up straight be what you want ? reynold like that yes . yes . alma you do not say that .. reynold walk off out of the room . , .alma be just stand there , cyril finish write some thing down .. cyril you have the ideal shape . alma 1 do ? cyril he like a little belly . reynold come back in wheeling a dress form with bodice ( top half of a gown ) in progre he remove it from the form and place it on alma , so she be stand in she underwear and the top half of a ivory silk crepe bodice . reynold you have no breast . alma I be sorry reynold no , no. you be perfect . it 's my job to give you some if I choose to . reynold mumble direction to cyril , who move across the room to find the work - in- progress bottom half . reynold you be too long for this right now — {it 's too short for you right now} but this , we will juat hold . like this . he have she step into the bottom half of a even dress .. lift it up to she waist and just hold it there , pin it — 16 reynold careful of my pin . yes , yes , very good . no , no , that will not do can you walk a Little she walk away , turn , stop , stand so he can see she . camera push in on her . reverse , camera push in on cyril and reynold . reynold well that will be just lovely , will not it ? cu . alma & reynold . they stand close together , he part she hair to the side , brush it across she forehead in a low swoop . reynold would you try on another ? alma of course . cur to : int . upstair room / storage space — moment later reynold come into a room , camera follow he in close up , turn on a single overhead light , he move to a small closet , go inside and find what he 's look for : a dress under a cover , hang with some write on it . he close the closet door , walk back out ef the room , camera pull back .. revealing wide shot of the room : pile of fabric , fold and wrap , against wall , on table , various silk , dress , fabric of all kind , button , belt , @ vault of magnificent dressmake material and hide treasure . cur to : 17 int . atelier — moment later . camera look up . see he place a old dress on she . cur to : int . front hallway / country house — later . reynold put alma into a great tweed overcoat . reynold how do this fit ? yes , well , almost . you alright for a walk home ? it 's far but we make it . alma yes . CUT to : ext . beach / cliff near house — night / dawn they nre walk as the sun barely start to come up on a cloudy morning , in pale blue light ... reynold I feel like I have be look for you for a long time . alma well here I am. you find I . whatever you be do , please do it carefully .. the course of my life be in you hand . CuT to : 18 ext . alma house — night / dawn . they walk back to she house , he take she to the front door and she start to take the coat off ..he put it back on she .. hold she close ..... alma ( vo ) I never really like myself . I think my shoulder be too wide . my neck be skinny like a bird .. and I have no breast , I feel my hip be larger than need and my arm too strong . but in he work , I become prefect and I feel just right . maybe that 's how all woman feel in he clothes . CUT to ; music up , rhythmic . ext . STREET / house of woodcock — dusk . alma in the finish version of the dress from earlier in the country . its top and bottom connect , complete , lovely . walk to the car , get in and drive off ... CUT to : int . bently — moving — night reynold and alma drive fast in city street , she love it . she get throw around . CUT to : 19 int . restaurant — night dinner at he usual spot , walk through the restaurant , alma turn head . at the table ; reynold you look very very good . very good , indeed . you be make I rather hungry . reynold and alma close together .. cyril arrive to join they , talk over some business with reynold . ( Barbara Rose 's marriage stuff here , new collection detail , date , etc ) camera pushing in on alma , watch they . CUT to : int . apartment — coming home from night on town . they walk up the staircase , arrive at second floor landing . he take she past he room , to a guest bedroom , simply appoint , reynold this can be yours . that 's my room . get you rest here and we will start early . alma what time ? reynold I will wake you . he walk away , she watch he go .. alma what 's wrong with I ? reynold absolutely nothing so far . cur to : 20 int . apartment / atelier — early morning . the sun be rise and reynold be work on dress with alma . they be alone . he be at she foot and under the dress ... alma ( vo ) sometimes we get up at four in the morning have get to bed at midnight and he be ready to start again .. I can stand endlessly .. no one else can stand as long as I can .. CUT to : int . apartment / atelier — day cyril , reynold , full staff at work . a variety of image show how he work . he utilize alma to wear toile , or drape fabric on she to start a idea .. see sketch alongside swatch of fabric , wool , tweed , silk , satin , the basis of a spring Collection . alma ( vo ) I be he , and he alone .. I be not distract , I be not late , or somewhere else . I be not just a mannequin . I give what 's ask and then more to help keep he fire burn . angle , fitting a dress . alma be fidgety . nana & biddy be work on she , reynold be take a break , off to the side , watch . reynold what be it ? alma I think this make I look wider than I be tall and anyway - maybe black be better for this . reynold Black be always nice , be not it ? it 's easy . alma , no , no , it *s not . not anyone can make a black dress . 21 int . apartment / atelier — later she be in another dress with a floral pattern . reynold you do not like this one either do you ? alma well .. I do not like the fabric and I do not like the strap . cyril this fabric be adore by the woman who wear we design . it 's perfect for this dress . reynold keep work , he head down , say : reynold cyril be right . cyril be always right . and it 's not because the fabric be adore by we client that make cyril right . it 's right just because it 's right . because it 's beautiful . perhaps you taste will change over time , alma ? alma maybe not . reynold perhaps you have no taste . alma perhaps I do not need taste . reynold enough taste to get yourself into trouble . alma maybe I want trouble reynold disagreeable child willful , insolent little girl . determine , determine girl .. he poke she with a needle . they look at each other . alma you will have to do better than that ... CUT to : int , dinner spot — night . reynold , cyril and alma out to dinner with financial investor and old friend nigel cheddar - goode ( 60 ) alma wear a lovely dress , Nigel tell funny storey .. two Young woman approach the table . young woman Excuse I , Mr. woodcock ? reynold yes . they curtsy , nervous , not know what to do . young woman I would like to say that I hope one day I can wear one of you dress . reynold I hope that be true for you , if it 's what you wish . young woman friend she really mean it — she tell I she want to be bury in a dress that you make ... cyril thank you for you kind word , good night . reynold thank you . young woman thank you , good night ... Nigel and cyril talk , alma lean into reynold , she 's be watch he the whole time with a fire in she eye : alma have you have enough to eat ? you seem thirsty ... off reynold ... ( she can poke he under the table with she fork .. ) cur to : 23 cu . alma — drive in the bentley - night be throw around , drive super fast , smile . CUT to : int . hallway to alman room — night they walk down the hall towards she room and close the door . CUT to : int . breakfast — next morning cyril and reynold be here in they quiet morning breakfast session . alma enter ... alma good Morning reynold , good Morning cyril .. silence from they both . she sit down and begin to make herself some toast , pour coffee . reynold please do not move so much , alma . alma I be butter my toast , I be not move too much . reynold it 's too much , it 's a distraction . it 's very distracting . alma you be pay too much attention to it , then — reynold it 's hard to ignore , it 's like you have just ride a horse through the room . it 's too much movement . it 's entirely too much movement at breakfast . alma reynold finish up quickly and exit . alma look to cyril . cyril perhaps you should take you breakfast after he or in you room . alma he 's be fussy . cyril his routine , when he be in it , be better not shake . alma yes . welli. cyril it 's a quiet time not to be misus . if breakfast be not right , it 's hard for he to recover the rest of the day ... alma well .. I do not know . cyril that 's alright . alma but it seem a bit too fussy to I . cyril well , yes , it may .... ¢yril collect herself and leave the room . CUT to : int . storage room / country house — night . alma and reynold together . he find some old box , store deep in a safe , hide place . ' the box be wear and have write in french , he open box contain long sheet of beautiful satin / lace . reynold this be satin from colcombet of St. etienne - ( or — this be flemish bobbin lace from the late sixteen hundred . it 's very rare , very precious . I rescue it from Antwerp during the war , during my time in the army , T have be wait for the right moment to make something with it . ) he laye different color of the satin out . mapp a dress , loosely ... reynold this be beautiful , the lavender and the yellow..perhaps .. like this .. shape , thin through the waist .. and fall . what would happen ... be to keep it uncut from hem to shoulder ... alma touch it . alma where do you get this ? reynold they be rescue from the war . from my time in the service . this be from lyon . but , this , each piece that you use in make a dress like this one , will be a live thing . this one will feel sacred hopeful CUT to : 26 int . apartment / workroom — day / evening . camera watch some detail work on this New dress be make by biddy and nana and reynold . alma be with irma & elsa as she teacher .. work on something . reynold be do some needle work on the dress with very thick magnify glass on ..cU. he face as he work . ecu . inside of the dress . a hand sewn note read , simply she name ' alma 's he look up and see she across the room , sewing ... CUT to : int . some grand location - day a photo shoot in progress . alma be wear the finish dress . light en she , reynold stand next to a photographer , give direction . he come to alma ; reynold I have never have a dress come together 80 agreeably . alma ( vo ) he avoid the press and the more he do the more they clamor to see he creation . he think publicity be dark and sinister . CUT to : 27 int . apartment / 2 " ° floor landing — night . late one night , alma , in a lovely nightgown , come out of she room , see the light on under he door and walk to it .. she want to go in .. she listen , she knock . reynold ( oc ) I be work ... alma do you need anything ? reynold ( oc ) she wait for a reply that never come . wup the stair , come cyril , bring some tea , she nod to alma , who nod back .. cyril enter the studio and close the door . alma go back downstairs CUT to : int . apartment / salon — presentation of collection ~ day reynold be perfectly calm in the backstage hustle to present a new Collection , we be very still , work like a surgeon , alma along with five other mannequin present the Collection to client who be sit in the salon . cyril be icy - nerve and quiet movement . various image follow this process . alma wear a few different dress , suit , etc , hold up @ number card for each dress , once back to the workroom , she change into another piece . cu . reynold spying like a secret -agent , watch reaction , but watch alma above all . she catch he eye in the curtain hole ... smile . CUT to : 28 ext . townhouse — STREET after the collection , alma and reynold walk to the car , get in the car . he just sit , unable to move . zoom in on alma . alma let I do it aka vmwould you like I to drive ? cuT to ; int . country house kitchen — day back to alma and Dr. hardy together .. dr . hardy how often do he fall ill ? alma he do not . dr , hardy alma sometimes he just loose he appetite for a few day and then he be well again . you see , when you .. when you love you work , and you can give like he do . you need to come down , again . and then he ’s.. he 's a baby . le 's like a spoiled little baby . when he 's like this , he 's very tender , open . dr . hardy how long will this episode last ? alma only a few day and then he 's well again . cur to : 29 int . car — moving — day alma be drive the big bentley , reynold in the passenger seat . reynold you be do a lovely job drive , alma . thank you . thank you . alma you can close you eye . cut to : int . country house — bedroom . he be in bed , half asleep . alma come in and out , take care of he . she be very happy end take to this role quite well . she crawl into bed with he , he pull the sheet back for she .. they lay together . CUT to : int . country house — rorkroom — dawn reynold work alone , alma come in with a tray of tea .. reynold . no , alma , what be you do ? alma some lindenbliiten tea for you ... reynold no , no , I do not want any tea . take it out , alma '' you mast be joke . reynold take it out . alma I be take it out . reynold yes , but it 's too late , please , can not you see .. alma oh hush it 's go out — reynold yes but it 's too late ~ you never should have bring it in the first place — you can take the tea away , but the interruption stay right here with I , do not it ? alma bluchhhh CUT to : int . wood / garden — behind country house — spring time alma be walk with minetta , pick mushroom . reynold be gardening / walk ahead . camera with minettea & alma . CUT to : int . kitchen / country house — day . alma and minetta sorting through mushroom , prepare dinner ... minetta show alma how to tell the poison mushroom from the edible mushroom . they look quite similar and you must consult a old book , which be in the kitchen , that have illustration show the difference . minetta ~ the poison bud have gill , like this .sec ? the ginger color .. scrub they , never wash ... wash you hand well .. fold they up in here {put into paper bag ) not too much butter . mr. woodcock detest too much butter . cuut to : int , sitting room / country house — night . by the fire , reynold and alma ... cur to : 3t int . apartment / breakfast — morning cyril , reynold and alma eat . after some silence , cyril speak : cyril there be a very good chance that Barbara will wish you to be there tonight -- reynold and what shall I do with that ? cyril accept she invitation if you can stomach it . reynold I really wish I have not hear this news until later .. this be very unsettle .. reynold cyril Barbara Rose pay for this house .. cur to : int . apartment salon / fitting room — afternoon a tragic american heiress name barbara rose - enter into the studio , everyone stand at attention . Barbara 's nanny be a older woman name tippy ( 608 ) and she unfortunate young son cal ( 18 ) Barbara be clearly drunk / pill - up mess . barbara reynold . reynold Barbara . let 's get start . CUT to : 32 int . salon — later reynold be off to the side , allow nana & biddy to do the dress . it 's awkward and uncomfortable and a little funny from time to time . finally Barbara manage to get in the Black taffeta dress . reynold come around for some final touch to it . she smile at he in a painful way , he smile back at she . they be face to face ; barbara T know you be do the best you can .. but I be still sc ugly . please .. reynold .. will you come tonight ? reynold no , Barbara , it 's really not my place . this be what 1 do . ' this be my place , here . barbara I be afraid 1 must insist that you come . reynold as long as you do not insist , I will be there . of course I will . CUT to : int . apartment — night space for a scene of get ready , head out , cyril see alma and reynold off . reynold be cranky and nervous step from he routine . alma actually say a few word to settle he down . cyril see this .. CUT to : 33 int . barbara 's HOTEL suite — dorchester - night in the gigantic suite of she hotel-residence .. this be a small PRESS conference for ten Reporters / photographer . Barbara be sit with Cal on a couch . she 's in the black taffeta dress , waste , diamond drip off she . a lawyer for Barbara run the proceedings ... reynold and alma , off to the side , watch . enter rubio gurrerro ( 308 ) he 's a polo-playing , playboy groom on he 5 ' " marriage . rubio I be heret here Barbara ! my love .. barbara rubi , darling , here we be . he come over , kiss she hand , take he place on the couch , push the son Cal to the edge . reporter who will be the attendant at the wedding ? barbara my son . cal. my Cal . my son be so wonderful . he 's so in favor of the marriage . reporter 2 and what of you holding , miss Rose ? do they become dominican property ? barbara I do not know . I do not think so . rubio May I say : we be be marry under dominican law . but in my country , she money belong to she and my money belong to I . anyway , I do not need she money . I have enough of my own . reporter do you think the marriage will work ? rubio I would not be do it if I do not know it would work . 4 cu . reynold & alma watch all thie . alma look at reynold , who do not make eye contact , he stand stoic . alma be start to boil . reporter what have Barbara bring into you life ? we understand she buy you a twin engine B - 25 airplane for a wedding gift ? rubio she know my love of fly and give I a wonderful wedding gift — we will be fly to Florida on we honeymoon -~ barbara -- I bring sincerity to hie life . the answer to the question be .. sincerity . Barbara stumble as she get off the couch , catch by Reporters and she Son — a drink spill on the dress . CUT to : int . dominican embassy - night the wedding party be in full swing but Barbara be pass out . she be carry off by handler but rubio keep the party alive and dance with female guest . alma see he , the scene and boil . her face be red , emotional : alma she do not deserve that dress . reynold do not start cry . alma I be not cry , I be angry . reynold do not start blubber . alma I be not blubber . she do not deserve it . it 's you work . it 's not a napkin . 35 cu . reynold . look at she ... she look at he right back and say : alma go and get it ... it 's not to be treat like that ... reynold grab she by the hand and they walk across the ballroom quickly — head off - cur to : int . HOTEL suite — hallway — night they march down the hotel hallway , reynold and alma . he pound on the door to the suite . ' the nanny tippy answer the door ; tippy hello , Mr. woodcock . what be it ? reynold tippy , I would like the dress back . tippy Ms. Rose be sleep . reynold that 's nothing to do with the dress . can you please go and get it for I ? tippy she 's sleep . reynold in the dress ? tippy well yea . reynold get she out of that dress and bring it to I straight away . tippy I beg you pardon , I do not think — 36 reynold take the fucking dress off barbara and bring it to I or I all do it myself . alma ... alma head down the hall to get the drea , follow tippy . cur to : int . bedroom — that momznt alma and tippy finish take the dress off Barbara Rose , alma say to tippy : alma it 's no business of ours what Mrs. Rose wish to do with she life .. «but she can no longer behave like this dress by the House of woodcock . cur to : ext , street — moment later they walk / run down the street with the dress . High from adrenaline . they look at each other , like Lovers who have rob a bank — reynold thank you . alma I love you . cur to : a7 cu . alma she stand up smile and radiant . wider angle , the entiae stapf in the apartment — morning stand to attention , cyril be open the door and welcoming in the most elegant and beautiful woman so far : princess mona braganza ( late 20 ) she be belgian royalty . . she have three or four handler and her mother ( 5as ) alma can not help but melt at mona 's long , slim beauty and grace and she family .. reynold appear , greet the princess warmly , as if they have know each other for a long time , they walk right past alma and into he office , close the door . whisper and excitement amongst the staff .. cu . alma with a look of jealousy for the first time ... CUT to : int . cyril 's office day . princess mona , she mother , reynold and cyril . reynold when you dream of you wedding dress , what be it that you dream ? princess mona I dream ...... that it 's the most beautiful wedding dress in the world . reynold that go without say . wand to take it just a little bit further , perhaps the only dress in the world . princess mona aye . reynold be you highness a gold person or a silver one ? princess mona what do you think ? 38 reynold I want to know what you think . princess mona Silver . reynold lace or a pearl ? princess mona lace . reynold yes , that 's very good . CUT to : int . salon — day princess mona and reynold and cyril step out of the office , speak french to each other and be very intimate . nana & biddy receive she and atart measure she . irma and elsa start to measure all the handlers ( bridesmaid ) .. alma ia agk to help with this ... alma can not help herself stare at mona.. cyril notice the look in alma 'a eye . later . as the princess be leave , lead out by reynold . alma find a moment to be in she path . and look she in the eye ... alma hello . I be alma princess mona . Nice to meet you . alma Nice to meet you . alma I live here . the princess move away , reynold take she off to the exit ... cur to : 39 int . cyril 's room — downstair — later alma come in to see cyril . alma cyril , I want to ask you help in a gift I want to give for reynold ... cyril alma I want to give he a surprise . if everyone leave the house when he take he walk on Thursday , I will prepare dinner for he . when he return I will be wait for he . no one will be here but I . wait for he . I can surprise he and we will have a dinner together . just for we . do you like this idea ? can you help I ? cyril it 's not he birthday . alma I know that . cyril I would advise you against this , alma . alma why ? cyril because he do not like surprise alma he do . cyril he will not like this one . 40 alma I be try to surprise he . and love he the way that I want to .. cyril if you be look for something kind to do , perhaps you can think of something else . this may be disruptive , no matter what you be intention be . alma ( smile ) cyril really must advise you against this , alma . I do not think there could be a more inappropriate time to try something new -~ alma but I want to do this and for think it will be very nice . cyril soom i£ I agree to this , . I may be give you enough rope to hang yourself . do you understand ? alma no , I do not understand .. cyril you be not hearing I or you be look for a confrontation with he — either way , this might not end well for you .. alma no . no I '' not look for a fight . cyril alma , this be , thia be a mistake in you .. this be not what I think we understand -- you be not listen to I . alma I respect you advice , cyril . but I have to know he in my own way . this be what I want to do to / for he , 4 cyril mvery well . alma do not spoil the surprise . cyril oh no I will not . CUT to : int . apartment / atellier — dusk everyone leave , the entire staff pack up and leave . cyril see they leave . cur to : int . front foyer ~ dusk cyril and alma in the front hallway .. cyril about to leave : cyril good luck . she leave , alma close the door , rush upstairs ... cut to : int . apartment — evening . alma be dress up nice and pretty , wear a dress that she have make . she check on she meal , which be almost finish cooking , set the table , etc . she wait for he . in the salon window , look down across the square .. finally see he walk towards the house .. she exit frame . cur to : 42 int . apartment — front door — that moment reynold come in and it take only a few step , get he hat and coat off to feel that something ie not right . he look into cyril 's office ... he turn up the staircase , look up and see alma on the first floor landing , wait for he . reynold what be this ? alma I love you , reynold . reynold : yes , but what be this ? alma a surprise for you , darling . be you hungry ? reynold where be cyril ? alma I nve send everyone home . reynold where be cyril ? alma she 's leave . reynold «when do they leave ? alma this afternoon . he collect himself , come to she ... alma I have make we dinner . reynold let I collect myselt .. I will just have a bath . 43 this ie very kind of you , alma . alma would you like a martini Champagne ? reynold or no thank you , ( be :her dress ) be this finish ? it 's quite wonderful . look at it , let 's see .. she turn around , he look at the dress , take it in .. reynold : it really be very good , alma . very well do . the dress be very well do . hold , then : reynold 1/11 just have my bath now . when will cyril be back ? alma , tonight . int . scullery / dine room — night . he come in , he 's put on a good face , himself a martini . candle light dinner .. alma let I do it for you .. they drink cocktail . alma CUT to : he go to make how be you appointment with the princess ? reynold alma she 's like a statue of some kind . very beautiful . reynold yes . alma will you make she wedding qown ? reynold what do you mean ? alma I think there be so many superstition that come along with it — that maybe it would not be something you would take on ... reynold . I have make she baptism , first Communion and confirmation dress . I make the dress for she presentation at Court — indeed , the entire wardrobe for she come out season — it 's only right that I should make she wedding dress . and I be very much at ease with my superstition , another pause , then ; alma I be scared . reynold ~of what ..? alma I be frighten that any moment you will ask I to leave -~ reynold ( no , no = not this } alma no , no — I do not know what I be say — suddenly I be say thing I do not want to say — ho — this be mean to be a nice evening — I be sorry - come , let I serve you . 45 alma anyway — she 's lovely and you should make she a spectacular wedding dress . cu . reynold he reaction . dinner be serve , later . image of the food she 's prepare . alma Lamb chop , asparagus and chocolate cake for pudding . reynold beautiful . angle , later . they be eat . he finish he martini and shovel food in he mouth . Long , awkward pause , then : alma do you like it ? reynold I do . they eat some more in silence . alma can not help but say : alma no you do not . you do not like it at all . and you always tell I what you think . reynold what be this ? alma you be lie to I . 46 he put hie napkin down . reynold . as I think you know , alma , I like asparagus serve with oil and salt . and know this , you have prepare this asparagus with butter . I can imagine , in certain circumstance , be able to pretend that I like it cook with butter . but right now I be just admire my own gallantry for eat it the way you nve prepare it . do not be mean . reynold that 's not be mean . not by a great distance . alma why be you speak to I like that ? reynold do not look for my approval . of you fuck asparagus . what be go on here ?? alma I shouldnt have do this . reynold this be a ambush , alma .. for what reason ? alma I know , it 's not go as 1 expect . I do not mean this thing to come out of I . reynold what do you expect ? alma I do not know — just to have you . just to have you to myself . reynold you have I all the time , what be you talk about ? 47 alma here 's always something there 's always . between we — reynold something between ue ? alma yes . reynold what ? alma some distance . something , I do not know .. reynold well maybe we do not go together , alma ... alma no , darling , do not say that . reynold no , I have say it . and that 's it , it 's be say , alma yes , but we do go tagether , I know we do and you know we do too . reynold : in the end — nothing go with anything . it 's just choice that put it together . and evidently we be not well suite to each other . alma that 's right . it 's you choice that put it together , that 's right . reynold that 's exactly right . alma and we have be put together . you put we together , I want to be the one you tell everything too . I want you secret and I want to keep they . 48 reynold secret . ? alma anything you want to tell I .. anything - wthere 's nothing I will not understand ... reynold be there some mystery you be refer to ? what secret ? alma T do not know .. whatever it be that 's happen to you in you life to make you feel curse ..or hurt . whatever you have inside you that you want to get out ... tell I everything so that we can be close together reynold when do thie happen ? what 's happon to make you behave like this ? alma wyou be not curse . there 's no curse on you that can not be break — you can love you know , . I know you have generous love - if you would let I help you . reynold there 's only one curse I be currently struggle with , alma . he stare she down , he be angry . reynold be it because you think I do not need you ? alma yes . reynold I do not , alma -- alma that 's very predictable of you . why do you act so tough ? I know you be not . 49 reynold : you be right . you be right . if 1 do not protect myself — intruder will come in the middle of the night and take over my corner of the room and ask I about they fuck asparagus . alma of not be a bully . you be a bully . and you be love by I , not curse . reynold enough of the fucking curse . who put this in you head ?!? I have other thing I would like to do with my time . it 's my time . my time . alma I do not know what I be do here . I be stand around like a idiot wait for you .. reynold wait for what ? alma wait for you . reynold wait for what ? alma to get rid of I . why do not you just tell I 30 I do not stand around like a fool . reynold asparagus . be this all about you asparague ?!?! alma it 's not about asparagus reynold what 's it about then ? be you be a special agent send here to ruin my evening ? and possibly my life ..? 50 , alma do not be rude to I . do not speak to I like that . reynold be this my house ? this ie my house , be not it ? be this be my house ... alma do not speak to I like that ! you bring I here reynold or do someone drop I behind enemy line , surrovnde on all side , I be on foreign soil . alma oh stop talk like a child , stop — reynold — when the heli do this happen ? 17171 who be you 71 ? do you have a gun ? be you here to kill I ? alma you be a baby . you be a stupid baby you be curse ! you ‘’re curse and you deserve to be - you baby . she leave . he sit there on he own , eat . cur to : poison sequence . cu . alma look down , flipping page of ... cu . the mushroom book she check a poison mushroom she 's pick to the picture in the book . cu . grater she grate it down to a fine powder . cu . thimble . she place it in a thimble . sh int . tea pot . — townhouse camera inside , look up and she remove the lid , drop a few little bit of mushroom into the lapsa .. just enough for a nice good stomach ache , hopefully ... CUT to : int . breakfast — next morning . cyril and reynold at they usual spot . reynold be in a mood it 's quiet and then : cyril would you like I to ask alma to leave ? reynold no. why ? cyril if you be go to make she a ghost , go ahead and do it , do not let she sit around here wait for you . he eat , do not answer ... cyril I be very fond of she . reynold you can keep you feeling to yourself . cyril do not turn it on I , whatever it be , I do not want you cloud on my head . reynold oh , shut up . cyril you can shut right up . do not pick a fight with I — you certainly will not come out alive . I will go right through you and it all be you on the floor , understand ?? they eat some more . (* we will finish the wedding dress and then she will leave . '' '' one more collection , and then she will leave " ) cur to : 52 int . workroom — day . various image show a few week of work and mood around the House of woodcock , sketch , toile , finish garment , fit on alma , silence between alma and reynold , silence between reynold and cyril . the staff be on needle , feel like Mom and dad be fight . the wedding dress take up half the work space , lay on every square inch of table , a long train attach to a form . extra woman have be bring in to help . cu . reynold . thick glass , sewing into a secret section of the dress , a message of good will to the princess . '' never curse '' he cough . nana be with he ; nana you do not sound well . reynold : I have a tickle in my throat .. nothing . nana can I get you cough sweet ? reynold no thank you . CUT to : int , reynold ' bedroom — next morning . cu . reynold wake up . and something be not right with he . he sit on the edge of he bed . he be extremely still , with he eye close . he cough . CUT to : 53 int . atelier — next morning the finished wedding dress be ready for final touch and look . it hang on a form . everyone wear white glove . reynold step into the workroom , everyone stand and say hello . he 's sweat and try to act normal but it 's very obvious he 's ill . reynold walk along the train , inspect , make small note and approval . everyone notice he condition ..he be sweat , and it be soaking he shirt .. angle , later . he 's look over the sleeve of the dress . reynold this be not right , what be this ? nana and biddy watch he struggle to keep it together . biddy you be burn up . reynold I be not . cu . sweat drip from he forehead and stain the dress .. nana see this and be in horror / shock .. reynold someone should write a book about how bad this dress be .. this be absolutely the worst fuck dress I have ever see in my life ..1 will not put my name to it - he start take a seam open.dismantling the dress in some wa : he be stop by nana & biddy . they push he out of the way . he head out of the room -- alma follow he out -- angle , stairwell . he head upstairs , to he bedroom , alma behind he .. he slam the door shut to he room . alma stand outside .. we can hear the sound of heaving , very very faint . she enter the bedroom door , cross to the bathroom , listen at the door . le stop heaving . alma reynold , what can I do ? reynold ( oc ) I will be out in a moment . I be just fine . alma darling , please let I in . I can help you . I can help you if you would let I . CUT to : int . bathroom —~ that moment . reynold be hold the sink to gain balance . reynold leave I alone and do not fuss . cur to : int . bedroom — that moment . back to alma . she leave the room quickly ... cuT to : int . hallway — that moment . alma go to a linen closet and gather some towel and blanket , head back to the room ~~ cur to : int . bedroom ~ that moment she enter and wait quietly . camera hold on her . push in slory to a extreme close up . he step out of the bathroom . she 's careful not to crowd he , but move quickly and guide he toward the bed . reynold I be alright now , must have be something I eat — ' alma let I put you to the bed . reynold 55 alma yes , but we will just get you settle -- reynold do not fuss . do not fuss . whatever it be . do not fuss — I ' 11 die right here if you make a fuss . she keep quiet and hover near ..he 's cold shiver .. she grab a blanket and cover he . he 's close hia eye and lay still ... CUT to : int . cyril be office — that moment nana & biddy have report to cyril what 's happen . dial . biddy Mr. woodcock seem to be ill . cyril who seem to be ill ? biddy Mr. woodcock . he 's fall down and he 's damage the dress . cyril I be sorry , tippy , who have fall ? biddy Mr. woodcock . cyril and what 's happen to the dress ? biddy there 's water damage to the skirt on the front two panel . there 's a lace tear on the bodice and there 's shoe polish stain . 56 cyril shoe polish from what ? biddy from he shoe . cyril where be Mr. woodcock right now ? biddy he 's go to he room . I think to be sick . there 's a terrivle noise come from there . cyril what do this mean for the dress ? biddy we have to start over . int , stairwell — moment later cyril head up the stair . cur to : int . bedrom — that moment alma hear the footstep and head towards the door — at the door . alma get to the door as cyril arrive , she knock .. alma open up and cyril move past she to the bedside -- cyril what be it ? reynold I be alright , just something 's come over I — / something I eat . cyril where do it hurt ? ST reynold it do not hurt , leave I alone , it 's all over , it will be go quickly . cyril be it in you stomach ? reynold leave I alone , cyril do you think it 's something you eat ? alma place the cold towe ] to he head . reynold ( to alma} I do not know what this be . I have never have a feel like this before . alma I be here . reynold just give I silence . he 's close he eye and lay still . cyril move to exit , alma behind she — cyril go through the door and alma close it behind she , stay inside the room ... she stay very quiet . she sit still on the couch and watch over reynold .. hold her face . cU. alma . a couple hour later .. reynold be back in the bathroom get sick — alma have a fire start in the fireplace . she change the sheet which be soaking wet reynold emerge from the bathroom , shiver and cold , he make he way to the bed .. lay down and still . alma you be soak , we need to change you before you lay down . she gently , slowly remove he wet clothes . the two of they work together in this . cu . alma pace as she get he into fresh pajamas and back into bed . 58 reynold I be scared this will never go away . alma yes of course you be but this be nothing to fear . you be simply sick and I will take care of you .. reynold look with deep need at alma and alma look at he with a deep mission to take care of he . she also seem arouse . reynold be I ever go to get better ? alma , yes , darling , yes . I will take care of you . reynold my love . he finally close he eye for some rest . cuT to : int . same — a little later . alma be nodd off , watch over he . ' there 's a small knock at the door . she crack it open , look out to cyril , they whisper : alma he 's settle now and sleep . cyril the Doctor be here . alma what Doctor ? cyril the doctor I have send for - alma yes but he 's sick . I do not think he need a doctor for be sick . cyril he need to be examine . 59 alma there 's no need , he 's not die , he 's just sleep now . cyril come out of the room and immediately down the stair to greet he . alma yes , of course . cyril leave .. alma come out and down ... CUT to : int . dine room — moment later alma come into the dining room . cyril be here , with Dr. hardy .. this be the first time alma meet he , cyril alma , this be br . hardy .. dr . ROBERT how would you do , Mrs. woodcock . alma , how would you do . dr . ROBERT how ia he feel ? alma he 's much better . he 's sleep . dr . ROBERT be he able to keep anything down yet ? alma well ..no he have not try .. just sip water . I be go to make he some soup . dr . ROBERT and he fever ? alma wye . he have a fever . he have the shiver as well .. DR. ROBERT would you like I to see he ? cyril yes , why do not we go upstairs . alma yes of course why do not we go ... cyril lead the group go upstairs . CUT to : int . bedroom — moment later . alma , cyril and Dr. Robert come inte the bedroom . cyril sit bedside . cyril Mr. woodcock , Mr. woodcock . Lady Baltimore have send she Doctor ... he open he eye . he 's completely out of it . half asleep / drain . Dr. Robert place he hand on he — he 's burn up . dr . ROBERT hello reynold . ( I be just go to touch you gently ... ) reynold keep you hand off I . dr ROBERT I would just like to take you temperature if T can . reynold where be alma ? alma I be right here . reynold there 's a strange child touch I . make this boy go away 61 dr . ROBERT I admit I do look young , but I be here to help you .. reynold fuck off alma I think that make it clear , he want you to fuck off . cur to : int . front hallway — moment later alma and cyril walk the Doctor to the door -- dr . ROBERT T will drop by tomorrow in the morning to see how he 's come along — alma it 's not neccesary . dr . ROBERT at 9 be 7 alma yes , alright dr . ROBERT I can have a nurse come over this evening and watch he through the night — so you can have some relief and get some rest . alma no . T can manage . dr . ROBERT a registered nurse may be more helpful for you and allow you some rest - alma I can manage . he leave . cyril 62 dr . ROBERT yes of course , but why not — alma he 's not die , this be nothing to worry about . thank you for come . dr . ROBERT yes , of course . do please let I know if you need anything else . good night . alma thank you , good night , Dr. cyril good night , Dr. and alma stand together . alma what about the dress ? cyril I will take care of that . come with I to see the dress . cur to : int . workroom — night . camera push in on a team of sewer around the wedding dress , re-attach the front and fix all the rest that 's be damage ... nana instruct a do incredibly cyril how long will this take ? ' wana 1 do not know , cyril let I put it another way : this work will be do by 9 be because that 's when it leave for Belgium . collection of six hand ..to come to the dress , small , sensitive work . 63 cu . alma come over , get she assignment and put she hand on the wedding dress .. as if she 's break some spell or superstition ....... they work all night to fix the dress .. CUT to : int . reynold bedroom — night . reynold be sweat , toss , turn . Fire place be make shape on the wall . he look and see he mother in her wedding dress . she sit across the room and look at he , reynold be you here ? be you always here ? I miss you . I think about you all the time . I hear you voice say my name when I dream and then I wake up and I have tear down my face . I just miss you . I want to tell you everything . I do not understand what you nre say , I can not hear you voice : cu. he face .. breathe heavy ...- cur to : int . apartment — wn the next morning . it 's quiet . reynold come down the staircase , dress , clean up .. cur to : int . workroom or salon — dawn alma be asleep in the atelier , alone , the wedding dress be finish and on the form . '' reynold cross the room and come to she . she wake up ; reynold I love you , alma . 1 do not ever want to be without you . alma I love you too reynold I have thing 1 want to do . I have think my day be unlimited . the mistake I have make and make again can no longer be ignore . there be thing nag at I . thing that now must be do . thing that I simply cannot do without you , to keep my sour heart from choke . to break a curse . a house that do not change , be a dead house . alma . will you marry I ? alma ( she say nothing ... ) reynold will you marry I ..? alma reynold what the fuck be you silent / think about ? will you marry me? 65 alma yes . .. will you marry I ? reynold yes , T will . int . lowdon registrar's office — day reynold , alma , cyril , Nigel cheddar - Goode and alma 's sister steff be here for a ceremony . signature , ring , kiss and then they be do ....... alma look beautiful in a new dress make by reynold . cur to : int , dinner spot / club — night a dinner celebration for the wedding . various image , reynold stage manage and over-specific about how wedding photo 's should be take . staff be here as well , see for the first time outside of the atelier . cyril look at she with sweet eye .. cyril and reynold have quiet moment together , she look at he . CUT to black , fade up : int . HOTEL / mountain . gstaad , swiss alp . they be on they honeymoon in the swiss alp . stun scenery and hotel room . sreakfast on a balcony overlook a majestic lake . alma suggest they go hike , reynold suggest perhaps not ... after lunch , reynold sit out on the deck , bundle up and stay put do some sketching as alma head off to climb a mountain with some other young vacationer . cu . reynold watch she through binocular as she ascend the side of a mountain . cur to : ext . baltimore - estate — day alma and reynold come to visit the estate of lady opal baltimore ( 5as ) and she daughter mini - lady baltimore ( 16 ) they be stay in a luxurious room , come down for a dinner , greet other weekend guest ( tbd Guest list ) , they come across : dr . ROBERT hardy , who be here ..he approach they ; dr . ROBERT good evening , Mr. and Mrs. woodcock alma how do you do , Dr. - reynold , do you remember Dr. hardy ? dr . ROBERT how do you do , Mr. woodcock , how be you feel ? reynold I beg you pardon , I think I owe you a apology — we have meet ina puddle of sweat , have not we ? dr . ROBERT yes. that 's right . reynold please forgive I . I can only imagine what I must have seem like . I remember bark at you - dr . ROBERT there 's no need , I have be laid siege by much worse .. reynold have you ? dr . ROBERT you look very healthy . how be you feel ? reynold do I tell you to fuck off ? dr . ROBERT nwy . you do . a Lady Baltimore come over to ask everyone to sit for dinner .. she have she sight set on reynold and take he to the table : CUT to : int . estate — dinning room — night . dinner be at a long table . reynold be at one end with Lady Baltimore and some other boring people . alma be seat at the other end of the table , next to Dr. Robert and the young daughter Baltimore ( 18 ) ... reynold watch . alma look at he , he smile widely , she look away ..his face drop ... Lady Baltimore engage and distracting reynold .. lady baltimore it 's such a pleasure to have you dine with we . reynold I be not aware I have a choice . lady baltimore I love you humour . it seem you be bless in all department . they eat the Lamb that have be serve ... lady baltimore mutton can be rich .. but so much more flavoursome than lamb do not you think ? reynold . smumun . I enjoy more delicate flavor , lady baltimore do not become beige in you Autumn year , reynold , reynold better beige than florid . 68 lady baltimore that humour again ! who be I to argue colour with you 7 dr.robert & alma . he chat she up , sweetly and innocent enough : beat , then : dr ROBERT what be you plan for New Year 's Eve ? alma we do not have any . we will stay in . dr ROBERT you should come out to for the chelsea arta Club Ball . alma I do not know what that be . dr ROBERT it 's not something I would suggest if I do not think that you would have a wonderful time . it 's really something to be see . alma it 's a very nice invitation , 1 will pass it along to reynold but I imagine we will stay in .. dr ROBERT Change you mind . or get he to change he mind . or whatever it take . please come . I promise you the time of you life .. alma how do you know what my life have be ? dr . ROBERT no , I do not , you be right . I think this will be quite a fine time if you would like to cone .. 09 alma maybe I have have all the fun I ' 11 ever have . maybe I have already have the great tine .. fle look at she .... she look up at he . alma , where be it ? dr . ROBERT the devonshire Hall . alma thank you for invite we . she look back at reynold .. ~ who be look at she .. then he turn to listen to Lady Baltimore . CUT to : int . badminton estate — live / game room — later . it 's evening and the guest be by the fire in a large sit room play in a backgammon Match round robin , alma and reynold play against each other in a first round . it 's tense . reynold no. no. you can not move there . alma I roll a three . reynold . yes you do — and that 's four .. you go here . alma , reynold let 's not start cheating , alma . alma 1 do not need to cheat . reynold then do not . but you do need to count . this be where you go .. with alma it 's you turn . they roll back and forth . alma count out she move .. reynold must you count you move out loud ? alma you snap you tongue together as you roll , mast you do that each time ? reynold oh quiet down . I do not do that . alma you quiet down . do not be so cranky about a game . it 's a stupid game . reynold I be sure it 's stupid as long as you be lose at it , but if you happen to be victorious I be sure you would see it a different way -- reynold roll , click he tooth , win the backgammon game end gloat about it . make she feel bad . reynold gammon ! and I have receive twice the value of the double cube ! because you havent borne off any checker ! ha ! next opponent ! CUT to : mw int . townhouse / dine room — later . eat dinner . New Year 's Eve program play on the radio . reynold be sketching and eat and not talk . she look for conversation that never come . alma I want to go dance . reynold when ? alma right now . reynold ~ you be joke . alma no I be not . reynold I be not go dance . alma I be go dance . there 's a party at devonshire Hall to celebrate the New Year and I want to go . we need to go dance . so what be you go to do ? reynold I be go to stay right here and I be go to work . she get up and head downstairs . hold with he .to see if she 's bluff ..ne stand up , look down the stair ... ~« 8he 's call he bluff and she 's out the door . CUT to : int . upstair atelier — night . reynold be work on a toile . Silent , can not focus . he leave the room . cur to : int . albert / devonshire hall — night . it 's New year Eve madness at the chelsea Arts Club Ball . people dress in insane costume under the theme '' huntin ' shootin 's fishin ' 's " people dress as cowboy , indian , alien ( see research footage for this ) the crowd be young Art student , alma 's age , who be all very very drunk , rowdy and look for trouble . reynold , not in costume for the occasion , come around look for her.e find she . she 's off to the aide . she 's be cry . '' auld lang syne '' be play , people kiesing , dance . reynold and alma face to face , he take she by the wrist and out of there ... CUT to : int . apartment - salon — morning a wealthy client , mrs . vaughan ( 508 , american ? ) , in a dress . it do not quite look right or fit right . reynold be stand off to the side . mrs . vaughan I be just not sure about the flower ... reynold you be not sure about it because you do not know . tt 's just right how it be . mrs . vaughan could we bring it in a little ? reynold no I do not think we will do that . this be the dress , it look as it should . good luck this evening . he leave . the workroom stand quiet for a moment . Mrs. vaughan awkwardly stand . 73 mrs . vaughan do not I look a little fat ? alma walk over . alma , where be it that you feel like that ? mrs . vaughan here , around here . alma what if we do this .. do you think that would help ? she squeeze some fabric together , slimming the silhouette ... mrs . vaughan yes , I do . CUT to : int . cyril 's office — afternoon . cyril be at she desk . reynold come in and sit down : reynold where have henrietta harding be ? cyril she 's be to another house . reynold you do not tell I .. cyril because I do not want to . reynold be it something I be unaware of ? I have do nothing but dress she well . c¥ril I do not think that matter to some . I think they want what be fashionable . and chic . 4 reynold chic ? that 's a dirty word . chic . whoever invent it should be spanke publicly . I do not even know what that word mean . what be that word ? chic. Fucking chic . they should be hang , draw and quarter for that word . fuck chic . cyril it should not concern you . reynold but it do , cyril . it do . it hurt my feeling . my feeling be hurt . cyril so what 's all this moan about ? reynold I be not moan , J do not want to be ignore . cyril no one do . but I do not want to hear about it because it hurt my ear . reynold I have make a terrible mistake with my life , I have make a mistake and I need you help ... cyril what do you want I to do ? cur to : int . apartment — stairwell — that moment alma , say goodbye to the satisfied Rich Lady client Mrs. vaughan and she back down the stair , .toward cyril 's office . cut to : 15 , int , cyril 's office — that moment reynold look at cyril , lower tone appeal to she : reynold I can not work . I can not concentrate , I have no confidence . you need to heip I with this .. I can not do this with she .. behind reynold , alma walk into the room , quietly cu . cyril do not move she eye from reynold , allow alma in to hear everything .. reynold we build this house . the two of we . thing casting a long shadow .. she arrival have cast a very long shadow , cyril .. alma ( to cyril ) Mrs. vaughan be satisfied with the dress . reynold do not mias a beat , swing around to see alma : reynold no one give a tinker's fucking curse about mrs . vaughan 's saisfactioni !! cyril thank you , alma . she leave . reynold look to cyril . reynold there be a air of quiet death around this house . and I do not like the way it smell ! cur tos 16 int . country house ~ kitchen — afternoon . cu . alma . she be sorting mushroom . the poison one from the good one . cu . reynold not be sketching . gloomy silence between they . cu . alma she 's about to throw away the bad mushroom .. slow zoom in on her face . cu , reynold he be deep in he sketchbook . she discard the mushroom , into a cup . and then she take the cup and she place they on a high shelf .. she turn around . he 's sketching . alma do you hear what I say ? reynold yes . alma I do not say anything . reynold yes , I hear the silence . rt be music to my ear , cur to : 7 int . country house - kitchen — afternoon . cu . alma . she be cooking dinner again . cu . reynold he be sketching . he look up and watch she ... cu . alma . cookin she look up on a shelf . cu . the cup of poison mushroom . she hand reach up to the shelf and take they down . cu . alma she turn and look at reynold . slow zoom in on her face . slow zoom in on reynold . they look at each other . she turn around , pour the poison mushroom into the pan and sauté they with some butter . reynold when be dinner ? alma bight of clock . reynold : I will get dress . cur to : int . bedroom — evening reynold get dress . CUT to : 7b int , atelier — evening alma get dress . she wear the early 20 dress that reynold work as a apprentice on ... she look in the mirror .. she take on strength from the dress . cur to : int . dine room / country house - night the food be on the table . reynold enter , sit down . alma enter . alma wine ? reynold no thank you . alma can I make you a martini ? reynold nothing for I . she sit . he look in he book and start to sketch ..ne reach for he fork and knife .. he read as he cut into the mushroom crepe ..... die lift it to he mouth ... cu . alma - watch he . cu . reynold . he look over at she .he put the mushroom crepe in he mouth . he start to slowly chew . wait for she to say something . je chew : she say nothing . and then : alma I want you flat on you back . I want you helpless , with only I to help . and then I want you strong again . he look at she with loving eye .. chew slowly . he swallow . 9 alma «you be not go to die .. you might wish you be go to die , but you be not go to . you just need to settle down . reynold kiss I my girl , before I be sick . angle , cu . alma and reynold they kiss . and smile at each other . reynold could not be more excited at the sight of she . cu . alma CUT to : petting he head , and keep he safe . reynold should we call that Boy Doctor .. just in case ..? alma you do not trust I ? reynold well yes , of course I do , darling , just .. alma if you would like . but I be go to make you well again . alma ( vo ) if he do not wake up from this ? if he be not here tomorrow . no matter well.even with the mystery of what may happen next — no matter . for I know he no be there for I , in some safe celestial plac CUT to : int . country house — morning Robert arrive . alma open the door for he . alma ( vo ) in this life and the next and the next after that and for whatever there be on the road that follow from here .. it would only require my patience that I would get to he again . alma greet he : alma thank you for come , dr.. dr . ROBERT of course , Mrs. woodcock .. CUT to : int . bedroom — morning cu . reynold be check on by Dr. Robert ..he flash a light in he eye , check he vital , etc , alma stand nearby . reynold look at almauwuuthey smile at each other . complicit . alma ( vo ) you see , to be in love with he make life no great mystery . cor to : int . kitchen / country house — night alma , talk with the Dr. Robert , finish they tea . dr . ROBERT fe 's very lucky to have you , alma . alma sometimes it 's good for he to slow he step down a little ... cur to : a 1 ext . london / park — dusk reynold and alma , walk together in the park , winter . she 's wear the treed coat from earlier ....... they be talk about they work . CUT to : int . salon / petit salon alma , fitting a fashionable Young woman ( 20 ) for a dress of she design . cyril work with steff , who shadow she ... CUT to : int . country house ~ live room — night it 's month later , sit by a fir on the couch , alma and reynold together ' alma sometimes I jump ahead in we life together and I see a time , near the end .. I can predict the future .. and everything have settle . all we lover and child come back and be welcome and the gathering be large and everyone be laugh or play game ... I be older and I see thing differently . J finally understand you — and I care for you dress , keep they from dust and ghost and time . CUT to : int . albert / devonshire hall — nicht image op they back at the royal albert / devonshire hall , on new year eve , this time dancing together ... cuT to : int . country house - live room — night back to they sit by the fire together . reynold but right now we be here . alma , yes of course we be . reynold and I be get hungry the end .