philadelphia by ron nyswaner September 21 , 1992 fade in : various shot of philadelphia exterior ( ext. / day ) ... which may include the Liberty Bell , the italian market , scene along the delaware and schuylkill Rivers , Independence Square , the Russian Orthodox neighborhood , the ghettos of North Philly . MAIN title play over this sequence which culminate in a shot of ... CUT to : philadelphiax gloriously ornate CITY hall ( ext. / day ) ... title : " Philadelphia City Hall . " CITY employees , judge , cop , lawyer , criminals , tourist pour into City Hall , into ... to : two story high corridor that reek of history ( int - day ) . Young lawyer jamey collin dart through the crowd , carry a accordion file under he arm like a football . jamey elbow he way through a japanese tour group . jamey trot up a marble staircase , two step at a time to : jamey run like hell down a third floor corridor , footstep make a racket ... jamey rush toward a door mark " judge tate . " raised voice from inside judge tate 's chamber : joseph miller ( os ) this construction site be cause mortal and irreparable harm to a unsuspecting public ! andrew beckett ( os ) my client have one of the finest and most respected safety record in the business , you honor ! jamey shove open the door , revealing two lawyer ( back to camera ) stand before judge eunice tate : andrew beckett ( in conservative gray ) and joseph miller ( in pinstripe ) . judge tate one at a time . Mr. Miller ? joe you honor , since rockwell Corp. begin construction , the surround residential neighborhood have be enshroud in a cloud of foul - smell , germ - carry , pestilent dust . my client be be force to breathe know carcinogen daily ! other resident be come forth on a daily basis to add they voice of outrage ! andrew you honor , I submit there be no complaint until counselor begin knock on door , drum up business . and the dust , which counselor refer to , have appear on only three occasion . each time it have be examine and the result ... behind he back , Andrew wiggle he finger . jamey stuff a document into Andrew 's hand . andrew ( cont . ) limestone . messy , but innocuous . Andrew submit the report to the judge . joe innocuous ? andrew define by webster 's as harmless . joe I know what it mean . you honor , imagine how the child in this neighborhood have be make to feel . the pound of construction ringing in they ear as this skyscraper , a tribute to mankind 's greed , grow daily , casting a ominous shadow over they life , fill they with dread even as they be surround in a black , toxic fog , block out the sun while poisoning they lung ! and counselor call it harmless ?! his back turn momentarily to the judge , Andrew mouth to jamey : " not bad . " but he whip around , serious again : andrew you honor , counselor be attempt to portray my client as a hideous manifestation of evil and corruption . but nothing could be further from the truth . rockwell have generously contribute ten thousand dollar to this neighborhood 's school , clinic and youth center ! granting a restrain order on the construction site will throw hundred of philadelphian out of work , and will lend validation to this contemptible and groundless nuisance suit , which speak directly to the kind of greed and treachery that today be threaten the very fabric of we society . judge tate look skeptically at both lawyer . judge tate let 's not go off the deep end , gentleman . I think we be talk about some dust . CUT to : a man on crutch hobble into a courthouse elevator and be join by Andrew and Joe , crowd inside ( int. / day ) ... as soon as the door close , Andrew whip out a micro - cassette recorder , make note , and Joe , in the opposite corner of the elevator , do exactly the same thing . andrew joe ... plaintiff seek to be - ... whereas decedent have strain defendant from con - pre-exist asthmatic tinue improper use of trade condition and ride on name without ... ultra Loop cause sub - sequent death ... Andrew and Joe stop at the same time , look at each other ... and turn toward the corner , seek privacy . andrew ( cont . ) joe ( cont . ) ... plaintiff 's permission or ... complainant seek authorization ... relief ... there 's a persistent beeping , Andrew and Joe pull out they portable telephone at the same time . they look at each other : which phone be ringing ? andrew you . Andrew resume he telephone conversation . joe right. ( into phone ) Miller . the elevator open : Andrew breeze past the man on crutch , say to Joe : andrew client of yours ? joe funny . Andrew hurry down the corridor . Joe wait a moment ... then pursue the man on crutch . joe ( cont . ) Excuse I ..? Sir ? yo ! CUT to : andrew ekerges from CITY hall , onto dilworth plaza bustling with pedestrian ( ext. / day ) ... ... dart into the street , hail a cab . CUT to : the cab pull up to a brownstone on a residential STREET , Andrew hopping out , stuff papers into he briefcase ( ext. / day ) ... rushing to the door mark " Dr. roberta Gillman , Internal Medicine . " come out be a young asian man with a cotton ball tape to the inside of he elbow . CUT to : classical music ( int . / day ) ... as camera pan patient ( mostly young men ) in a cheerful room ... some , like a ups delivery man , be attach to iv 's , some sit with arm extend , wait to be hook to a iv by tyrone , a black physician be aid . camera find andrew sit quietly , with a iv drip run into he arm . Andrew be wear a walkman , the source of the classical music , and he 's read a legal brief . most of the people in the room look sicker than Andrew . dialogue can be heard under the classical music ( although music dominate the soundtrack ) . tyrone ( slapping a thin patient be wrist ) gonna have to start look for vein in you foot , sweetheart . dr . roberta gillman , pass through , speak to Andrew : dr . gillman Andy . can you stop at my office on you way out ? andrew sure . Andrew be distract by a hispanic man across the room , roll up he sleeve for a iv -- he bare arm , hand , face and neck be mark with purple blotches . Andrew close he eye , concentrate for a moment on the classical music ... then go back to work . CUT to : andrew hurrie out of the doctor' office , hailing a cab ( ext. / day ) ... CUT to : andrew hop out of the cab , in front of a impressive skyscraper in downtown Philly , at the end of the work day ( ext. / day ) ... Andrew push through glass door into the plush " wheeler Building , " press through the tide of worker head home . CUT to : a black paralegal , anthea burton , lead a young , black law clerk ( in suit and tie ) to the elevator , at the sedate , expensively appoint office of wyant wheeler hellerman tetlow and Brown ( int. / day ) ... anthea ... up to tax , on fourteen , and get right back , I need you . Andrew blast out of the elevator , flash anthea a four - star smile . they stride down the corridor together . andrew just the dazzle paralegal I want to see . anthea ( friendly ) I know what that mean , and the answer be no . I have a class tonight . exploit someone else . and since you have ask ... they pass a silver - haire partner , kenneth killcoyne . killcoyne solid work on the rockwell situation , Andy . top-notch . andrew thanks , Kenneth . ( to anthea ) you exam ! anthea thank you . 98 . I gotta go ... andrew ninety -eight ?! ninety -eight ! Andrew reach the secretary ' station . a cheerful secretary , shelby , shove document at he . shelby Conference call 's up . they just start the roll call . here 's the settlement agreement , the red-line copy 's on you desk . need I in there ? andrew no. great . thanks , Shelby . ( check he watch ) it 's 6:30 , go home . Andrew pass a colleague on she way out , rachel smilow : andrew ( cont . ) rach . rachel I be late , I have to pick up Amy from she afterschool but I want to talk to you about that hansen thing . andrew catch I later , I will be here . and tell Amy , I love she painting , it 's on my wall . Andrew sail toward he office . continuous CUT to : andrew enter he office , kicking the door shut ( int./ day ) . ... dropping the document on he desk , scanning they . ... admiring a child 's painting tape to the wall . ... punching into the speaker phone on he desk . the screen split , revealing a teleconference operator : operator ... Karen hargreave , represent Lloyd management Corporation ? the screen split into third : Andrew , the operator , and hargreave ( a sharp , California lawyer . ) hargreave present . as the operator continue the roll call , the screen continue to split and hargreave be replace by a series of lawyer in office around the country , ( mostly white male ) say " present " while in Andrew 's section of the screen ... ... Andrew dial a number on another telephone line , operator Andrew beckett , represent saunder International ? Andrew punch into the conference call andrew present . the multi -image screen be now join by sarah beckett , a suburban , 60ish american mom , in she backyard garden , answer a portable phone . sarah hello ? andrew hi , Mom . it 's I . the lawyer be into the conference , in they portion of the screen , ( they voice heard underneath Andrew 's conversation with he mother ) . sarah Andy ! this be a nice surprise . how be you , hon ? andrew I be fine . sarah what 's Dr. Gillman say ? andrew hold on , mom. ( punch into the conference call ) there 's no way my client will go along with that . hargreave who 's this ? andrew Andrew beckett . hi , Karen . I be sorry I interrupt ... he punch out of the conference , back to he Mom ( glance over he shoulder to make sure the door be shut ) . andrew ( cont . ) Gillman say I be fine . my blood work be excellent . t-cell be up . just a sec ... ( conference call ) yes , I think that would alleviate most of we concern . ( back to Mom ) my platelet look good too . sarah be you on one of that conference call ? I hate when you put I on hold . CUT on andrew's laughter to : the moon above the wheeler build late at night ( ext . ) title : " one-thirty a.m . " CUT to : andrew at work in the firm library ( int . / night ) ... Andrew 's finger fly across the key of a notebook computer . need a reference , he shove he roll chair away from the computer ... open a reference book ... grab a carton of chinese food ... ( note : the library may be equip with a computer terminal which Andrew use for reference , rather than a book . ) Andrew eat sauteed string bean with chopstick , find a relevant citation : andrew ah hah ! yes ! ( chew a string bean ) rentworth v. Pennsylvania ... court of appeal affirm jury award of punitive damage for wrongful interference with prospective economic relation ... a shadow fall across Andrew . he ignore it . angle : two men in silhouette . walter kenton say : kenton look at this fuck guy . he 's a animal . Andrew 's hand do not leave the keyboard . andrew walter . the second man step forward , a silhouette become visible this be bob seidman . he and kenton wear tuxedo . seidman be we interrupt , Andy ? andrew in a word , Bob ... seidman Charles be right behind I . another silhouetted figure appear . this image have a horror- film feel to it . Andrew whip around to face they . andrew I be just about to take a break . good evening , Charles . charle wheeler , also in tuxedo , remain in shadow . wheeler Andy ? could you step into my office for a sec ? ( deadpan ) I feel like fire someone tonight . Andrew throw a arm over seidman 's shoulder . andrew we be gonna miss you around here , Bob ... CUT on laughter to : the reception area ( int . / night ) : a domino' pizza delivery man , wait for clearance from a security guard , on Andrew 's dim and quiet floor , watch as ... seidman , kenton and Andrew follow Charles wheeler up a wide , carpete staircase . wheeler finish a story and everyone laugh ... CUT to : a BOX of cigar be handed around ( int . / night ) ... seidman Andy 's express a keen interest in the kronos Inc. situation , Charles . be that correct , Andy ? the lawyer have gather in wheeler 's spacious office , with its floor - to-ceil view of the Philadelphia skyline . andrew the fate of the participant interest I , yes sir . wheeler , kenton and seidman proceed with the male ritual of prepare cigar to be smoke : snipping the end with a brass clip , roll they over they tongue to wet they , slide the cigar in and out of they round mouth . Andrew , hold a cigar but not prepare to light it , watch with a not completely conceal twinkle in he eye . wheeler lean back in he chair , swirl a brandy snifter . he exhales cigar smoke with a great deal of pleasure . kenton it 's good to be King , hey Charles ? wheeler king be out of fashion . I would rather be think of as a benevolent tyrant . ( prompt Andrew ) it 's a anti-trust action . andrew it be , and it be not , Charles . macrosystem 's new software copy all the best - know element of kronos ' spreadsheet program . if they be allow to sell it , kronos will get undersold right out of business . for I , the legal principle , involved be copyright infringement . wheeler bear in mind that Bill wright , the chairman of macrosystem , be a close , personal friend of mine ... which side of this mess would you desire to be on , Andy ? and do not allow my very tight , personal relationship with Bill to influence you answer in any way . Andrew know this be a test . and he love it . andrew sorry , Charles , but ... Andrew be distract -- by a light falling across he face . andrew ( cont . ) I would like to see kronos win . walter kenton have shift a lamp , so that its light fall across andrew's face , revealing : a faint purple blotch about the size of a quarter , much like the blotches we see on the hispanic patient in Andrew 's doctor 's office . kenton why , beckett ? andrew because they deserve to , walter . Andrew lift he hand , find that he hair have be push back , revealing the blotch . he stand , nonchalantly run a hand through he hair to cover the blotch . andrew ( cont . ) if macrosystem win , a energetic , young company will be destroy , five thousand Americans will be out of work . moreover , the law of copyright and anti-trust be enact to prevent exactly the kind of bullshit macrosystem be try to pull . seidman Andy , do you know who rep kronos Inc .? andrew Bailey , brackman . wheeler get with the program , Andy . as of this evening , about 8:05 this evening , right after the soup course ... kronos Incorporated be represent by wyant wheeler hellerman tetlow and Brown . or , more specifically , senior associate Andrew beckett . a moment before it sink in , then : Andrew clenches he fist in a victory salute . andrew yes ! seidman you will have to get right on it , Andy , we be up against the statute of limitation . a associate lawyer in shirtsleeve tap on the office door . associate lawyer Tokyo on four , Bob . seidman great . Excuse I , fella . ( pick up a phone , speak japanese ) connichiwa . itsumo osewa no nari mashita . arigato gozaimasu . Andrew offer he hand to walter kenton . andrew thanks , walter . kenton what 's that on you forehead , pal ? andrew whacked with a racquetball . ( take wheeler 's hand ) I appreciate you faith in my ability . wheeler faith , Andy , be the belief in something for which we have no evidence . it do not apply to this situation . ( slapping he shoulder ) go home . I mean , get back to work . Andrew and wheeler be eye- to -eye , a intimate moment . andrew ( warmly , softly ) thanks , Charles . wheeler ( with a father 's affection ) no sweat , buddy . smiling , Andrew exit the office . close on walter kenton , thinking ... continuous CUT to : andrew stepping into the empty corridor , taking a few step away from wheeler 's office ( int. / night ) , then ... ... do a joyful end zone dance , run in place the way football player do when then score a touch down , say " yes ! yes ! yes ! " to himself , soundlessly . the SOUND of clanging metal interrupt Andrew : helena , a maintenance worker be empty a trash can . she 's see he little dance and start to laugh . smiling , Andrew put the unlit cigar into he mouth , wink at helena and say : andrew ( in a funny , kind of medieval way ) it 's good to be King . CUT to : establishing : andrew's loft build ( ext . day ) title : " ten day later . " CUT to : close on andrew's face marked with four blotches ( we're in Andrew 's loft -- int. / day ) it 's a mirror image . the blotches vary from the size of a dime , to the size of a half - dollar . he look awful . a young , black woman' finger apply makeup to Andrew 's face , try to cover the blotches . this be he friend chandra . chandra ( o.s. ) you want to apply the foundation as evenly as you can , Andy . you do not want to look like you have throw it on with a spoon . andrew ( o.s. ) uh huh . camera pull back revealing Andrew sit at a table in he loft , a towel around he neck , protect he shirt from makeup . chandra apply the makeup gently , supervise by another friend name alan . ( Andrew 's loft have be turn into a lawyer 's command post : stack of book , document , etc . ) . a third friend , bruno , sit in the corner , flipping through channel on the tv . chandra okay . you try . Andrew try apply makeup to he face . andrew chandra ? do not you think this color 's a little ... orange for I ? chandra tahitian bronze work best on lesion . alan think of it as the " I just back from aruba " look . in the background : Andrew 's fax machine receive a fax in Andrew 's " work area " : desk , personal computer , etc . ) . bruno I get it . bruno remove the fax from the machine , walk it over to Andrew , hand Andrew the fax , while munch a apple . andrew ( give the fax a quick scan ) thanks , bruno. ( to Alan and chandra ) I have be out of the office four day . I do not want they to think I have be to the beach . ( search for something ) okay . check this out . Andrew put on a pair of big glass with tortoise shell frame , mean to help conceal the blotches . andrew ( cont . ) hide everything , right ? what do you think ? chandra you know who you look like , Andy ? that actor , in that movie . not the one where he be autistic , the one where he dress up like a lady on a soap opera ... alan Dustin hoffman . andrew ( horrify ) tootsie ! bruno right . chandra you want to try Light egyptian ? suddenly , Andrew wince , grip he gut . chandra ( cont . ) what ? andrew ( clearly in pain ) Excuse I a sec ... Andrew start out of the room -- suddenly having to run . chandra just like my cousin fredo . camera hold on chandra , Alan and bruno . SOUND of bathroom door slamm shut . bruno saunter across the room and knock on the bathroom door . bruno you okay , Andy ? continuous CUT to : tight shot on andrew , face twisted in pain ( int. / day ) ... Andrew rest he head against the wall , sweat cover he face . a storm of fire have pass through he , and he 's hope it 's over for now . andrew I think I need to go to the hospital . CUT to : miguel alvarez run urgently down spruce STREET , dodging traffic as he cross eleventh Street , toward jefferson Hospital ( ext./ day ) . he hustle up the ramp toward the emergency entrance ... CUT to : miguel shove through glass door , into the bustling emergency room ( int. / day ) , finding andrew sit on a gurney , hold a cotton ball against he arm , where blood have be draw , wear a blanket over he shoulder , fight chill . chandra and bruno be wait with Andrew . they exchange quick hug with miguel and Andrew , ad libbing greeting and goodby . andrew thanks , you guy . miguel yeah . thanks , guy . miguel put he arm around Andrew . andrew Gillman 's out of she office today . I tell she to take a day off , and she do , can you believe it ? do you get someone to cover you class ? miguel touch Andrew 's face , check for fever . miguel do not worry about it . they take blood ? a specimen ? Andrew hold a empty specimen cup . andrew be not you give a exam ? miguel I say , do not worry about it . miguel place a gentle kiss on Andrew 's sweaty forehead . miguel ( cont . ) you get a fever , baby . suddenly , the facade crack and tear sting Andrew 's eye . andrew I almost do not make it to the bathroom , miguel . I almost lose control right in front of everybody . miguel ( hold he ) so what ? it 's nothing to be ashamed of . you have nothing to be ashamed of , okay ? Andrew pull himself together , brush aside tear , in control of he emotion once more . andrew wait , here 's my guy ... hey ! Andrew catch the attention of a harry intern , whose surgeon 's green be cover with blood . intern Mr. beckett , I be sorry ... andrew about my blood work ? intern we be wait ... miguel open a small notebook , make note . intern ... meanwhile , I would like to prepare you for a colonoscopy , so we can take a look inside . andrew sound delightful . miguel why do you need to do this ? intern who be you ? miguel who be you ? Doctor ... ? andrew this be my partner . we keep record of hospital visit . nothing personal . intern Dr. klenstein . ( to Andrew ) it 's not a pleasant procedure , but if the KS be cause the diarrhea , we ought to know right away . miguel it could be parasite , a infection ... andrew a reaction to azt ... klenstein that 's possible , but . miguel he 's not go through some painful procedure until we have cancel out everything else . intern I be try to help you " partner . " you be not a member of he immediate family , I could have you remove from the er . andrew ( to the intern ) he 's upset , he 's sorry . miguel do not apologize for I . andrew he 's not sorry , okay , fine . ( the diplomat ) why do not we see what we find out from the blood work ? I will work on get a specimen , I be sure hospital food could help in that direction . maybe , by then , we will hear from my doctor , and we will go from there . okay ? everybody happy ? intern allright . I will get on the lab about the blood work . miguel ( to the intern ) I be sorry . the intern walk away . Andrew 's beeper beeps . andrew that 's the third time . I better call the office . ( smile at niguel ) would you relax , please ? miguel I be relaxed . Andrew hobble toward a pay phone , outside a visitor lounge , where weary relative be watch tv . Andrew drop a quarter into the phone . joe miller' voice " if you or someone you know ... " andrew's Pov on television : Joe Miller on the screen , with the word " negligence ... malpractice ... Auto accident " ... and in the background , photo of maim , burned , injured client . joe ( cont . ) " ... have be injure through the fault of other , you may be entitle to legal remedy ... Andrew laugh . then , he call be answer : andrew Shelby ? it 's I . jamey 's be beep I , I ... okay , okay , calm down . put jamey on . intercut with : first year associate jamey collin , sitting at andrew's desk ( int / day ) , grab the phone when Andrew 's intercom buzy ... jamey ( frantic ) Andy ?! this be a disaster ! we can not find you revision on the kronos complaint ! andrew slow down , jamey , for Christ 's sake ! jamey I go down to Word Processing to pick up the correct copy , but they say you have not deliver the correction . I tell they you have be work on it at home , and ... Andrew forget he physical pain , this be more important . andrew I bring it in last night , around midnight . it 's in my computer . jamey what do you file it under ? jamey put he hand on Andrew 's computer keyboard . andrew k-r-o-one . jamey type the file name . andrew ( cont . ) jamey , I do not have to mention , do I , that we be up against a statute of limitation on this complaint which run out in ... ( check he watch ) seventy - five minute . jamey stare dumbfounded at the computer monitor . jamey it 's not here , Andy . Andrew close he eye . he can not believe this . andrew you go down to Word Processing and tell that motherfucker they better come up with that complaint , now ! or they be fuck dead ! you tell they that come from I ! Andrew slam the phone into its cradle . he pause , take a deep breath , and say to himself : andrew ( cont . ) every problem have a solution . every problem ... have ... a... solution . calmer , Andrew return to the gurney , put on he shirt . andrew ( cont . ) every problem have a solution ... miguel approach with tea purchase at the canteen . miguel why be you get dress ? andrew you be not go to like this . please try to smile ... Andrew put he arm around miguel . andrew ( cont . ) thanks for leave school , and come here , and ... ( pull back , put on he jacket ) I will be back . a hour , top . miguel you be go to the office ?! andrew you be not smile . Andrew rush toward the exit door . miguel you be leave the hospital ? you be go into the office look like that ? be you insane ? andrew one hour ! miguel Drew ! andrew I promise ! continuous CUT to : andrew rush to the STREET , hailing a cab ( ext. / day ) ... CUT to : andrew step out of the taxi in front of the wheeler Building , head for the entrance ( ext. / day ) ... but he change he mind , darting to the corner of the block . Andrew stop to buy a baseball cap from a vendor . he trot down a alley , past bag of garbage , enter the building through a garage door . CUT to : from a high floor , andrew can be see climbing the step of a emergency stairwell ( int. / day ) ... Andrew pass camera , out of breath . he 's wear the ball cap pulled to he eyebrow to hide blotches on he forehead . CUT to : andrew open the FIRE door on he floor at wyant wheeler , remove the ball cap , bare the purple blotches . ( int . / day ) he walk quickly down the hall . pass a colleague , Andrew pretend to scratch he face , attempt to hide the blotches as nonchalantly as possible . he dash past a office , ignore anthea . anthea do not expect to see you ... ? he duck into he office . continuous CUT to : secretary shelby at andrew's desk , frantically searching through papers ( int. / day ) ... startle when he see Shelby , Andrew spin toward the wall . shelby I be look through the file but ... andrew call the messenger service , have someone stand by ... ( she reach for the phone ) you phone . shelby sure . Andrew keep he face avert , until she 's out of the room . he go to he computer , the monitor already glow . andrew think . you bring the disc in , you transfer ... Rachel come into he office . rachel I think I be suppose to be cover for you . ( blurt out ) God , Andy , you look awful . andrew Fucking Word Processing lose my kronos complaint . which must be file by fuck five o'clock ! if it 's late , there 's no case ... ( the mantra ) every problem have a solution . rachel what can I do ? andrew get down to Word Processing . help jamey look . she rush out . Andrew begin shove floppy disc into the slot on he computer , bring up each disc 's directory . andrew ( cont . ) no. he throw the disc to the floor . shove in another . shove in another , bend it in half . andrew ( cont . ) no , goddammit ! he pull open a file drawer , dump legal brief onto the floor , frantically spread they around with he foot . Andrew throws a document across the room , take a breath . he pick up the telephone . andrew ( cont . ) Bob ? something 's come up . with kronos . I do not want to upset Charles , but ... ( let down he guard ) oh , shit , Bob , the complaint 's due in forty minute and I can not find it . ( suddenly ) no , you do not have to come ... ( hang up the phone ) great . Fucking great . Andrew rub he eye , this be a nightmare . he switch off the overhead light . he slant the window blind , fill the room with shadow Bob seidman come into the office , typically cheerful . seidman c'mon , Andy , you do not lose anything ... seidman be strike by the mess in the office , and Andrew 's dishevel appearance . seidman ( cont . ) Jesus . andrew I do not know what to do , Bob . seidman you will never find it in the dark . seidman flip on the overhead light . Andrew flinch . seidman approach . Andrew give up try to hide the purple blotches , face he mentor straight on . seidman ( cont . ) what in God 's name ... ? andrew Bob ... seidman what 's wrong with you face ? andrew what 's wrong with my face ? you want to know what 's wrong with my face ? I have get a skin condition . next question , Bob ? no more question ? Fine . now can you help I find the complaint ? seidman allright . calm down . andrew sorry ... seidman sit in front of Andy 's computer . seidman what be the file name ? andrew k-r-o-one . seidman maybe you mistype the name when you be save it . we will try combination of that letter ... seidman go to work . Andrew lean over he shoulder . andrew you be right , I probably just misfile ... kenton ( o.s. ) Andy ? walter kenton be stand at Andrew 's door . his demeanor be casual . so casual it seem a little force . kenton ( cont . ) some sort of problem ? Andrew have keep he face avert . but now he turn directly toward camera , show he face to kenton . andrew yeah , walter . yeah . some sort of major problem . hold on this close up of andrew ... SOUND of a baby crying cross the CUT to : a newborn be lifted into a doctor' hand ( int. / day ) ... doctor there she be , okay . you can relax now , Lisa . lisa miller have just give birth to a baby girl . she collapse on she pillow , gasp for breath , moan in pain , quietly cry a little . title : " one month later . " the nurse and the ( female ) doctor move professionally around the bed , do they job . at Lisa 's side , Joe fumble with a camera while darting amaze look back and forth between Lisa and the baby . joe oh my god ... a girl ... oh my god ... Lisa ... oh my god ... he 's frantic . joe ( cont . ) you load the film ... ? no , on this side ... or this side ? do not move the baby ! lisa give I the camera , Joe . Lisa pop the film into the camera , hand it back . joe thanks , hon . oh my god ... with wildly tremble hand , Joe begin snapping photo . joe ( cont . ) oh my god ... oh my god , look at she ... oh my god ... CUT to : joe , walking the hospital corridor , still wearing surgeon be green , speak into he portable phone ( int. / day ) ... joe go to famous fourth Street and buy a pound of nova . no ! she like scotch salmon better . ah heck , get a pound of both ! get a dozen onion roll . get some bagel . get a dozen . get a bottle of champagne . dom peringon ... a hundred buck a bottle ?! better get a good California ... pass a patient in traction , rolling by on a gurney , Joe drop a business card into the patient be break hand . joe ( cont . ) ( to the patient ) give I a call . ( into the phone ) get everything over here as soon as you can , she 's starve . no , not the baby ! Lisa ! ... Iris , listen : any call I should know about ? ... uh huh ... uh huh ... beckett ? who 's Andrew beckett ? turn a corner , Joe come face to face with he relative , who charge at he joyfully : joe' mother / aunt / uncle , etc . congratulation ! how be Lisa ?! when can we see the baby ?! CUT to : quiet ... joe , lisa and there baby cuddle together in Lisa 's hospital bed , surround by debris from a party , paper plate , empty champagne bottle ( int . / night ) ... the relative have go . it 's late at night . Lisa hold the baby . Joe hold they both . CUT to : a intersection in the heart of old , downtown PHILLY : a movie palace ( now a six - plex ) across the street from the Peter Pan coffee shop , philadelphia worker go about the business of the day ( ext. / day ) ... title : " one week later . " above the Peter Pan coffee shop be a string of large window , each of which be paint with a question : heart attack ? accident ? medical malpractice ? dog bite ? in bigger letter , across several window : D I a L 1 8 0 0 a - L a W y E R we hear joe miller' voice - over : joe ( os ) how big be this hole you fall into ? continuous CUT to : a hallway bulletin board announcing the various department of " macready and shilt legal service " ( int./ day ) , include " auto/dui / collision with Deer ... product liability ... Medical malpractice ... Pet bite ... " the bulletin board stand at the entrance to a warehouse of lawyer ' cubicle form by office divider and plastic fern ... phone jangling ... injured client limping about ... joe ( os ) ( cont . ) and this hole be right in the middle of the street ? continuous CUT to : joe be in he office , a BOX of cigar on the desk with pink band announce " it 's a girl ! " ( int. / day ) . on the wall be photo of injured client ( the same photo we see in the background of Joe 's tv commercial ) ... a female client ( mrs . finley ) face Joe , she arm in a sling . mrs . finley right . joe why do not you cross at the crosswalk ? mrs . finley why should I ? continuous CUT to : andrew be see from behind , sitting on a sofa in the waiting area . very little hair show beneath a philly ballcap ... a man wearing a neckbrace , sit next to Andrew , rise , moving to a seat opposite Andrew . from this new position the man with the neckbrace stare at Andrew . man with neckbrace's Pov : the purple blotches on Andrew 's face be beginning , to recede , not as angry look as before , thanks to chemo therapy . Andrew be dress casually , in jeans and a softball jacket ( from the wyant wheeler team ) with " Andy " embroider over the heart . Joe 's assistant , Iris , approach . Iris Mr. beckett ? Andrew rise , follow Iris past office divider , harried secretary and overflow file cabinet . Iris can not look at Andrew as she walk beside he . ( outside Joe 's door be a sign : " beware mad Dog " with " mad " write by hand . ) Iris ( cont . ) in here . andrew thank you . continuous CUT to : andrew step into joe' office ( int. / day ) . andrew glance at the photo while Joe wrap up ... joe ( to the female client ) explain this to I like I be a six year old , okay ? the entire street be clear except for one small area under construction , with a huge hole that be clearly mark and block off , and you decide you must cross the street at this spot . you fall into the hole and you want to sue the city for negligence ? ... mrs . finley yeah . do I have a case ? joe of course you have a case ! now , I want you to go with my assistant , Iris , and fill out some form . she will tell you about we fee arrangement . ( as they be leave ) Mrs. Finley ? any back pain since the accident ? dizziness ? nightmares ? mrs . finley now that you mention it ... joe tell Iris all about it . ( lead she out ) take good care of Mrs. Finley , iris. ( to Andrew ) beckett , come in . Joe offer he hand , get a look at Andrew 's face . joe ( cont . ) Jesus Christ , what happen to you ? andrew I have aids . Joe withdraws he hand , before it touch Andrew 's . joe whoa - oh ! ( beat ) sorry , I ... andrew it 's okay . can I sit down ? joe uh , yeah . Andrew hesitates . Joe do not sound sure . joe ( cont . ) go ahead . Andrew sit , Joe return to he desk . ( Joe find himself acutely aware of where Andrew place he hand . ) andrew ( the cigar ) New baby ? joe one week old . andrew congratulation . joe Little baby girl . andrew kid be great . joe thanks , beckett . I be real excited about it . ( glance at he watch ) what can I do for you ? andrew I be fire by wyant wheeler . I plan to bring a wrongful termination suit against Charles wheeler and he partner . joe you want to sue wyant wheeler hellerman tetlow and Brown ? andrew correct . I be seek representation . joe continue . andrew I misplace a important complaint . that 's they story . want to hear mine ? joe how many lawyer do you go to , before you call I ? andrew nine . joe continue . andrew I be diagnose with aids eight month ago . during a bout of pneumonia . I recover quickly and be back at work in ten day . since I be do so well on the azt , we decide against tell anyone about it . joe we ? andrew my lover and I . joe you ... lover ? andrew miguel alvarez . we have live together for nine year . joe continue . andrew I dove back into work , everything be fine . until the lesion start ... suddenly picture cut to : tight on andrew wauking through the lobby of the wheeler Building ( int./ day ) . he 's wear makeup , which sort of cover the blotches . ( note : picture and andrew's voice over do not match up . this be no ordinary flashback ) ... andrew ( vo ) ( cont . ) first on my leg . then my forearm , my back . then ... my face . for a short period , I avoid the office during the day , wait for the chemo therapy to clear up the lesion ... image : andrew riding the crowded elevator on a workday . andrew ( vo ) ( cont . ) but I never let anything slide . I make all my call from home . I work sixteen hour day on a complaint for a 350 million dollar copyright infringement suit . image : joe in he office , absorbed in andrew's story . andrew ( os ) ( cont . ) but the day the complaint be due , it disappear . erase from my computer . I think I be lose it , mentally ... image : elevator door open , andrew stepping into wyant wheeler office . now he speak directly to camera : andrew ( cont . ) that can happen , it 's call aids dementia when it get into you brain . but miraculously , a copy of the complaint be locate at the last minute , and we get it to court on time ... image : andrew's Pov of colleague , staff in the office , giving he look , whispering . anthea burton nods hello . andrew ( os ) ( cont . ) the next morning , I be call to the office for a meeting with the manage partner . walk down that corridor be strange . felt like everyone be stare . reverse angle on andrew and joe walking at andrew's side . joe Hell , they be stare . what 's that shit on you face ? andrew makeup . andrew's Pov : rachel outside her office , say " good luck . " andrew ( cont . ) the partner be wait for I in the main conference room . continuous CUT to : camera track into the conference room , giving US andrew's Pov as he enter the room where wheeler , kenton , killcoyne , Bob seidman be wait ( int. / day ) ... wheeler sit down , Andy . wheeler 's secretary , lydia , take note . wheeler ( cont . ) thanks for come in . andrew of course . Bob seidman cannot look directly at Andrew . wheeler Andy . before we begin , I would just like to say : everyone in this room be you friend . joe you be in trouble . ( note : Joe be see in he office , or leaning against a window in the conference room whenever he speak . ) andrew I know that , Charles . wheeler more than you friend . family . joe Big trouble . andrew Charles , I must apologize again , for the kronos mishap . ( smile ) it be a scary few minute around here . wow . but thank God , the complaint be find . and no damage be do . kenton this time . what about next time ? andrew there will not be a next time , I guarantee it . wheeler Andy . it seem that something have come over you , lately : a kind of ... stupor , a fogginess , a lack of focus ... Earth to Andy . anybody home ? kenton helloooo ... killcoyne that 's right , Andy . the last four , five month you have seem really out of it ... seidman at least ... different , somehow . andrew ( keep it positive ) perhaps ... you be right . I have certainly be busy . with the kronos complaint , a preliminary injunction hearing and the saunder trial all fall at the same time ... kenton some people think you have a attitude problem , beckett . andrew really ? who think that , sir ? wheeler I do . wheeler seem very grave . andrew I have no idea there be a concern in that area . hey : ( a smile ) I will get to work on it right away . no one else smile . wheeler we have be talk it over , Andy . you future that be ... we feel that , because we respect you so much , we have to be honest with you . andrew honesty be always best . seidman do you really think so , Andy ? andrew yes , Bob , I do . ( to the group ) Excuse I ? be I be fire ? wheeler let 's put it this way , Andy : you place in the future of this firm be no longer secure . joe in a word , yes . wheeler we do not think it 's fair to keep you here , where you future be limited . but we wish you luck , Andy , all the luck in the world . wheeler rise , wear a friendly smile . wheeler ( cont . ) and I hate to rush you out of here , but ... joe but he 's get lot of other people 's life to ruin ... wheeler ... we have get a committee meeting . andrew Excuse I , Charles . with all due respect ... this be ... preposterous ! it do not make any sense , it sound as if we be talk about someone else . pardon the lack of humility , but I have have the distinct impression I be kind of ... one of the rise star around here . and I feel that be not just my imagination . and I also think I deserve to know what 's really go on here , Charles . kenton oh , you be right , beckett , you do not have a attitude problem . wheeler take it easy , walter . andrew if you would lose confidence in I , why do you give I the kronos suit ? wheeler I hope the challenge would improve you performance . you could say it be a carrot . andrew a carrot ?! joe I buy that . andrew as in , the vegetable ? seidman ( suddenly emotional ) Andy , you nearly blow the case , for God 's sake ! that alone be inexcusable . it would have be catastrophic for we . put yourself in we shoe , Andy . there 's no come back from a error like that , regardless of who you be ! ( softer ) I be sorry , Andy . Andrew freeze -- the full nature of this situation hit home . he look each of the partner in the eye ... andrew uh huh ... okay ... I see ... ... at last looking directly at wheeler 's secretary lydia , whose pen be poise above she notebook , wait for someone to say something . wheeler break the silence . wheeler good luck , Andy . wheeler , kenton , killcoyne , seidman and lydia file out . Andrew do not move . a security guard enter the room . andrew who be you ? security guard I be here to escort you to you office so you can organize you belonging . CUT to : camera pull back from andrew , we're in joe' office ( day ) ... joe okay . explain to I like I be a two year old , because there 's a element to this I can not get through my thick head : do not you have a obligation to inform you employer you have this dread , deadly , infectious disease ? Andrew remove he ballcap -- he hair be cut short , to disguise the effect of chemo . andrew the law say people with disability cannot be terminate , so long as they can perform the duty require by they position ... joe okay , okay ... they discover you have this horrible , disgusting , terminal illness , and they panic , for any number of perfectly valid reason . they be frighten for themselves , they family ... maybe it 's the homo angle . maybe they do not want to rub elbow with someone who 's just pop out of the closet with a terminal case of acne . and how do they explain you status to the client for chrissake ? andrew Joe , from the day I arrive to the day they fire I , I perform consistently , thoroughly and with absolute excellence . and if they have not fire I , that 's what I would be do today . joe okay ... they want you out . it 's against the law to fire you for have aids , so they make you look like a fuck up . which lead we to the mysterious , lose file . andrew they sabotage I . joe I know you be go to say that . I do not buy it , and I do not see a case . andrew look . I know I have a case . if you do not want to take it for personal reason ... joe correct . I do not . Andrew rise , thoroughly business - like . andrew thanks for you time . joe beckett ? I be sorry about ... what 's happen to you . it 's a fuck kick in the head . andrew ( a smile ) do not send flower , Joe . I be not dead yet . Andrew exit . continuous CUT to : andrew leave joe' office , moving down the corridor ( day ) ... Iris ( still uncomfortable , as Andrew 's leave ) have a nice day . Andrew nod , pass one of Joe 's colleague , a hustler name filko , who stare shamelessly . Joe approach Iris 's desk . joe find out if armbruster can see I this afternoon . filko ( still stare ) what the hell 's wrong with he ? CUT to : the STREET : andrew emerge from the lawyer' build ( ext. / day ) . close on andrew , stand there as a endless flow of people pass by . he watch they go , think ... CUT to : a suburban doctor' office in a middle -class neighborhood ( ext. / day ) ... dr . armbruster ( os ) you have contact with someone who have aids , and you be worried . continuous CUT to : a doctor unravelling a blood pressure gauge ( int . / day ) joe I be not worried . what be you do ? Joe sit in he shirtsleeve on the examine table . dr . armbruster check you blood pressure , relax . the doctor wrap the blood pressure unit around Joe 's arm . joe I do not have contact . what do you consider " contact ? " we be sit in the same room , three , four foot ... what if you shake hand ? wait . I know the answer . only sex , or share needle . I know that . we do not shake hand , anyway . Dr. armbruster squeeze the blood pressure pump , dr . armbruster the HIV virus can only be transmit through the exchange of bodily fluid , namely blood and semen . joe right . Joe begin roll down he sleeve . dr . armbruster leave that . joe yeah , but Doc , be not it true they keep find out new thing about this disease ? so you tell I , today , there 's no danger , and I go home , and I hold my baby , and six month from now I hear on the news : " whoops ! we be wrong . ' you can carry it on you clothes , you skin , and now I have get to worry about my kid . what be you do ? Dr. armbruster have be prepare a syringe . dr . armbruster we be go to draw blood . joe why be we go to do that ? dr . armbruster Joe . I do not care a whit about you private life . joe you want to give I a aids test ?! Joe hop off the table . joe ( cont . ) the guy sit in my office ! you can not get aids that way , right ? dr . armbruster right . joe it do not travel through the air , by breathe , or touch , right ? dr . armbruster not by touch , or shaking hand , or hugging , use the same toilet ... even kissing someone with aids be safe . but it there 's something in you past you be worried about ... joe thanks , Doc , but I do not need a aids test . be you crazy ? but thanks for the information . really . Joe throw on he jacket , open the door ... then turn back : joe ( cont . ) in my past ? armbruster iv drug use . Joe shake he head . dr . armbruster ( cont . ) a homosexual encounter . joe get real . dr . armbruster unprotect sex with a prostitute . joe ( think it over ) uh .... no . not really . dr . armbruster or unprotect sex with someone you do not know very well , any time during the last twelve year . a moment . Joe return to the examine table , and roll up he sleeve . CUT to : establishing : joe' house in the suburb ( ext . / night ) ... lisa ( voice over ) you have a problem with gay , Joe . continuous CUT to : job cradle he baby against he chest ( int . / night ) ... joe not especially . Lisa eat stand up , at the stove , while Joe walk the baby in they modern kitchen . lisa how many gay do you know ? joe how many do you know ? lisa lot . joe who ? lisa Karen berman . aunt Teresa . my cousin Tommy who life in Rochester . Eddie meyer from the office . Joe cantwell , he 's one of the partner . his lover , greg . stanley , the guy who 's put in we kitchen cabinet . for a moment , Joe be strike dumb . then he say : joe you aunt Teresa be gay ? that beautiful , sensuous woman be a ... lesbian ? lisa duh ... joe since when ? lisa probably since she be bear . joe allright . I admit it : I be prejudice . I do not want to work with a homosexual . you get I . lisa okay , Joe ... joe I mean , two guy , do the horizontal thing ? I do not get it . do not they get confuse ? " be that mine ? I think it be yours . " hey , call I old fashioned , call I conservative ... I think maybe you have to be a man to get just how nauseate the whole basic idea really be . lisa Fine , Joe . joe and the way they work out , pump up , so they can be macho and faggot at the same time ... I can not stand that shit . now I be be totally honest with you . lisa that 's perfectly clear . close on joe , looking directly into camera : joe would you take a client if you be constantly think : " I hope this guy do not touch I . I do not even want he to breathe on I ? " CUT to : the street of PHILLY be dusted with snow , store window decorate for Christmas . Joe step out of the famous 4th St. deli , with a package ( ext. / day ) ... title : " two week later . " CUT to : joe sit at a table in the public law library , surrounded by book and legal pad , hard at work . he 's eat a pastrami sandwich which he hide behind a reference book when a librarian saunter by ( int. / day ) ... a chair squeak and Joe look up to see : Andrew take a seat across the room ( the blotches have be reduce by chemo , but he 's struggle with a cold ) . Andrew remove notepad and pen from he briefcase . he take out a package of tissue , blow he nose . joe ( under he breath ) shit ... Joe slide to the far end of he table , stack seven or eight huge reference book in front of he . joe' Pov , peering through the reference book : Andrew open a book , take note . rub he eye . write something . sneeze . a librarian deliver a book to Andrew . librarian this be the supplement . you be right , there be a section on ... ( lower she voice ) ... HIV related discrimination . andrew thank you . Andrew take the book from she -- but she remain . librarian we have a private research room available . andrew I be fine , thanks . Andrew blows he nose . now other patron be watch . librarian would not you be more comfortable in a research room ? andrew ( pleasantly ) no . but would it make you more comfortable ? librarian whatever , sir . the librarian turn away , shrugging to a patron , indicate she 's do all she can do . as Joe continue to watch : one of Andrew 's neighbor pick up he book and move away . Joe rise , glide down a aisle of book , keep one eye on Andrew , who concentrate on he work . Joe approach , nonchalantly , as if he just happen to be saunter by . suddenly he " notice " Andrew . joe oh , beckett . how 's it goin ' ? andrew Fine . Andrew go back to he work . joe who would you get ? andrew what ? joe find a lawyer ? andrew I be a lawyer . how 's you baby ? joe huh ? oh. great . she 's great . andrew what 's she name ? joe rayisha . andrew rayisha . very nice . Andrew focus on he work . Joe step away . Joe come back . joe how do they find out ? andrew ( a second , then : ) one of the partner spot a lesion on my forehead . nearby , a chinese professor look up , startle , when she hear the word " lesion . " joe uh huh ... Andrew concentrate on he work once more . joe ( cont . ) how do you get from one lawyer spot a lesion , which could have be a bruise , to the partner deduce you have aids and base a decision to terminate you on that conclusion ? the chinese professor move away . andrew good point . Andrew remove a legal pad with " kenton " write in big letter across the top , and lot of note underneath . andrew ( cont . ) the partner who spot the lesion , walter kenton , use to work for benton , myer , in d.c . there 's a paralegal there , Maria torres . she 's have lesion on and off for three year . she say it be common knowledge around the office that she lesion be cause by aids . joe they do not fire she ? andrew no . they do not fire she . Andrew go back to he work . Joe stand there . joe so kenton connect the ... lesion , and whatever suspicion he have about you personal life ... to this woman , Maria ... and blow the whistle on you . suddenly you be lose file , and it 's time to let you go . but , up to this point , you have be they Golden Boy , they rise star ... they behavior be ... inconsistent . andrew thank you . Andrew go back to work . joe there be no relevant precedent . andrew ( not look up ) arline decision . Supreme Court . joe arline ? Andrew shove the legal book toward Joe . close on andrew's hand ( with one blotch ) on the book 's white page . the book be still face Andrew . if Joe want to read it , he will have to turn it around . Joe look at Andrew 's hand . a moment . Joe turn the book around , begin to read : joe " the Federal vocational Rehabilitation Act of 1973 prohibit discrimination ... " camera crane up , toward the ceiling ... joe continue reading in voice - over : joe ( vo ) ( cont . ) " ... against otherwise qualified handicapped person who be able to perform the duty require by they employment ... " camera goe higher , looking down on the rows of book and the long table dotted with people ... joe ( vo ) ( cont . ) " although the ruling do not address the specific issue of HIV and aids discrimination ... " dissolve to same angle a hour later : Andrew and Joe face each other at they table , but no one else remain at that table , or at the table next to it ... andrew ( vo ) " subsequent decision have hold that aids be protect as a handicap under law , not only because of the physical limitation it impose ... " dissolve to a same angle a hour later ( day be turning into night ) : Joe pace , Andrew read . they section of the library be completely empty but for Andrew and Joe . andrew ( vo ) ( cont . ) " but because the prejudice surround aids exact a social death which precede the actual , physical one ... " dissolve to same angle , later : Andrew and Joe sit on the same side of the table , read the same book . joe ( vo ) " this be the essence of discrimination : formulate opinion about other not base on they individual merit but , rather , on they membership in a group with assume characteristic ... the library be quiet . Andrew sneeze . Joe scoot he chair away from Andrew by eight inch . DISCO music rise accompanied by the sound of grunting , heavy breathing and slapping flesh as we ... CUT to : muscular , sweaty male body slamming into each other , sound of grunt , skin slapping against skin ( int . / night ) ... ... Hand slapping a butt under satin short ... sweaty armpit ... the roar of a crowd ... ... basketball player embrace , twirling each other around , high five ... wide angle reveal : a basketball game in progress , sixer versus the celtic in Philly 's spectrum Arena . on close circuit tv : ROBERT parish go for a lay-up ... wheeler / kenton /other watch this guy ! nail he ! ouch ! Charles wheeler , walter kenton , Kenneth killcoyne , Bob seidman and several lawyer and spouse watch the game from a plush , private box , complete with tv , bar , snack table . the lawyer wear Ralph lauren polo , chino and ball cap . the place reek of cigar smoke . walter kenton have a twentyfive year old wife . Charles wheeler 's nine year old grandson sit nearby . wheeler turn the grandson be ballcap around , smile lovingly at the boy . just beyond wheeler : the door to the box be open by a security guard and a well - dress , charismatic man look in . wheeler ( spot he ) julius ! kenton Dr. j.! dr . J. gentlemen ... lady ... julius erving enter , greet by the lawyer . lawyer how 's it goin ' , Doctor ? / this be a honor ! / etc ... the door be open again , by the security guard , revealing Joe Miller ( in jeans and basketball jacket ) and a marshall . joe Excuse I . Charles wheeler ? wheeler turn . Joe slap a document into wheeler 's hand . joe ( cont . ) summon . for you . now the box be quiet . dr . J. say . what 's up , Chuck ? CUT to : the brightly lit , restricted , inner corridor of spectrum Stadium ( int . / night ) where wheeler walk beside Bob seidman , with walter kenton and Kenneth killcoyne just behind . sound of the game still in progress can be hear , but far away . occasionally the lawyer be pass by food service or laundry service employees ... wheeler ... interview every employee , support staff , associate , partner . do any of they know Andy be sick ? how do they know ? do he tell they ? do they notice something be wrong with he appearance ? none of this information get to the manage partner . we know that . make sure everyone else do too ... and beckett : I want to know everything about he personal life . do he frequent that pathetic bar on camac Street ? seidman Jesus . wheeler ( ignore seidman ) what about other homosexual facility , whatever they be ? seidman Charles ... wheeler what deviant group or organization do he secretly belong to ? ( with irritation ) what be it , Bob ?! seidman let 's settle with Andy and put this whole tragic mess behind we . they arrive at a quiet , semi-private cul de sac . wheeler Andrew bring aids into we office , into we men' room . he bring aids to we annual goddamn family picnic . kenton we ought to be suing he . seidman for Christ 's sake , where 's you compassion ? kenton compassion ? Andy suck cock , Bob . he take it up the ass . he 's a pervert . only seidman show any kind of reaction . seidman that 's kind of ... extreme , Walt . Andy 's private life be none of we business . wheeler Bob . you be try my patience . Andrew beckett be make he private life we business . we give he kronos . do he say , " I be sick . I might not be able to see this through ? " seidman he be do a great job . wheeler Bob . I must ask you to shut the fuck up . do Andrew beckett say " I might not be able to serve we client to the best of my ability ? " he say nothing . and now , Andrew beckett propose to haul I into a court of law , to sling accusation at I , in full view of the entire , Philadelphia , judicial establishment . my God . killcoyne beckett do not want to go to court , he 's hope for a quick tasty settlement . seidman a jury might decide that Andy have a case . wheeler wait a minute . the man be fire for incompetence , not because he have aids . you do not know he be sick , do you , Bob ? kenton Holy shit. do you , Bob ? seidman ( after a moment ) no . not really . wheeler walk away , follow by kenton and killcoyne . Bob seidman stand alone in this dark place . CITY sound on a work day as we CUT to : exterior , joe' office build , on a thursday morning . continuous CUT to : job' colleague , filko , looking directly into camera ( in Joe 's office , int. / day ) : filko Charles Fucking wyant wheeler ?! Joe sweep by , just arrive for work . joe Morning , filko . filko keep pace with Joe down the corridor . another colleague call out from a office as Joe pass : colleague hey , it 's the local chapter of the aclu ! filko you be a Republican , Joe ! you belong to the nra ! joe how many toilet stall be there in the woman 's restroom on this floor , filko ? filko how many ... what ?! filko follow Joe into Joe 's office . joe two . how many toilet stall be there in the men' room ? two , plus four urinal . how many wheelchair accessible toilet in either of that restroom ? Zero . in this entire building ? Zero . get the picture , filko ? discrimination ! you find yourself a female , paraplegic , legal assistant who be qualified to work here , except she can not take a leak ... and you have get yourself a sex discrimination suit and a handicapped discrimination suit . not handicapped . what do you call someone who can not use a normal restroom ? " gastro-intestinally challenge ! " behind Joe , out a large window : painter on a scaffold . Iris come into the office and say : Iris wyant wheeler 's ask for a postponement on the prelim , Joe . Joe be dial the phone . joe low-life , sleazy scumbag . of course they want a postponement , I have get a client with a terminal disease . they be go to drag they heel every step of the way , the rotten bastard . ( tapping on the window , to the painter ) be that spell right ? continuous CUT to : exterior , joe' office build , where painter be adding a new question to the line of window ( day ) : D I S C R I m I N a T E D a G a I N S T ? joe ( vo ) hey , beckett . this be Miller . continuous CUT to : joe' voice come through , on the answering machine in Andrew and miguel 's loft ( int . / day ) joe ( vo ) ( cont . ) I just want to tell you ... camera drift through the loft , find Andrew in the rooftop solarium , sit crosslegge in front of a candle . joe ( vo ) ( cont . ) ... we be try to set a date for the prelim . hang in there . Andrew 's eye be close . next to he rest a tape player . a woman' voice be heard , accompany by new age music : woman' voice I can heal myself . andrew I can heal myself . woman' voice I can heal myself . andrew I can heal myself . CUT to : andrew and miguel in there bedroom at night , lying close to each other in bed ( int . / night ) ... miguel I be come out of the gym today , and I run into Jimmy . do you know what he ask I ? " what 's it like know you boyfriend 's go to die ? " andrew jerk ... what do you say ? miguel I say , " everyone 's go to die , Jimmy . but Drew 's not go to die of aids . there 's a cure around the corner , and he plan to be around to take advantage of it . " miguel stroke Andrew 's hair . andrew you get that right , mikey ... ( beat ) you still believe that , do not you ? miguel yes . I think it will be a simple solution . they will put it in a syringe , inject it into you bloodstream . it will neutralize the virus . it will revitalize the immune system , and people with aids will become healthy again . hold on miguel and andrew , on this quiet moment . fade out . fade in : establishing , ext . philadelphia court house ( day ) ... title : " Three month later . " CUT to : a long corridor in a CITY court build -- far down the corridor two figure walk toward camera ( int. / day ) ... the figure approaching camera be Andrew and Joe , step into and out of sunlight fall through tall window . title : " pre -trial settlement conference . " reverse angle -- down a opposite corridor : a phalanx of lawyer -- at least ten -- approaching camera , a bulwark of white shirt and dark tie . on andrew and joe : Andrew 's hair be short , but grow back , the blotches have recede , he weight be up . he 's in a stage of recovery . on the other lawyer : Charles wheeler ( seem ironic ) and walter kenton ( he 's piss ) lead the battalion . behind they , walk young lawyer belinda conine and jerome GREEN . belinda be white , Jerome be black . CUT to : hushed voice ( int. / day ) ... a judge's chamber , with couch , soft chair scattered in a loose circle , like a casual live room . Joe and Andrew whisper to each other . the wyant wheeler team take up several chair . belinda conine and Jerome Green sit next to wheeler and kenton . some of they assistant stand . wheeler be look across the room at ... Andrew , who catch wheeler 's stare . wheeler you be look better , Andy . how do you feel ? silence . everyone watch Andrew for he reaction . andrew Fine , thanks , Charles . judge luca garnett enter he chamber ( not wear a judge 's robe ) . he shake hand with wheeler and kenton . judge garnett Charles , walter ... wheeler congratulation on the new grandson . judge garnett thank you . we be very happy . the judge brushes by Joe and Andrew without a word . the room become silent as the judge take a seat . judge garnett Attorney for the plaintiff ? joe Joseph Miller , you honor . macready and shilt legal service . judge garnett I have see you television commercial . " if you or anyone you know have be injure through the fault of other ... it should say , " through the negligence of other . " joe I will take that under consideration , you honor . judge garnett on behalf of the defendant ? belinda conine belinda conine . of Petersen , lehigh , Monroe and Smith . jerome GREEN and Jerome Green . and a waspish lawyer wear round glass : dexter smith dexter Smith . a white - haire lawyer next to belinda : ralph petersen Ralph Petersen . judge garnett ( to Joe ) you be outnumber four to one . ( to the other ) whom do I address ? I can not talk to four lawyer at once . belinda I be chief litigator , you honor . judge garnett Fine . I have ask the litigant to be present for this conference , in the hope we can settle this matter today , among ourselves ... there be nothing I hate more , than to see lawyer suing each other . if you look at the opinion poll , when Mr. John q. citizen be ask to rank profession accord to the respect he hold for they ... where be the lawyer ? somewhere below personal fitness trainer and only slightly above child pornographer . if we keep suing each other , if we fail to settle the smallest difference among ourselves with mutual respect , if we continue to scrap like buck in heat , we will fall lower on that list . and when people lose respect for lawyer , they lose respect for the law . and when this society lose all respect for the law , we will be murder in we bed , my friend , we cherish institution will be burn to the ground and we child and we grandchild will live like savage . joe if it please you honor , we hope to settle this matter . judge garnett by God you will settle it ! if you force this case to trial , young man , you will regret it for the rest of you natural - bear day ... now , Joseph . what would you require to settle this matter today ? joe reinstatement at full salary . back pay cover the period of unemployment and ... judge garnett hold it , joe. ( to wheeler ) he want to come back to work , Chuck . wheeler that 's impossible , you honor . judge garnett that 's impossible , Joe . belinda conine if it please you honor , we be prepare to offer a cash settlement of twenty - five thousand dollar . joe you generosity overwhelm I , belinda , consider my client be earning over a hundred thou when he be terminate almost six month ago . judge garnett give I a break , Joe . let 's cut through this false attitude . give they a figure . how much do you want ? andrew I want to go back to work , you honor . judge garnett you be here at my indulgence , young man . I be wait for a figure , Joe . Andrew and Joe confer with each other . joe base on what my client would have earn over the next three year , include benefit and project raise , and the extraordinary cost of medical care for someone with acquire immune deficiency syndrome ... we would settle today for the very fair amount of one million five hundred thousand dollar . judge garnett very good , Joe . now , belinda , I have get a figure over here , of one million , five . I ... Andrew whisper to Joe , who interrupt the judge : joe one more thing , you honor ... andrew ( jump in ) any settlement agreement must include , and this be critical , a letter of exoneration , make clear my termination have nothing to do with the quality of my work . Charles wheeler whisper to belinda conine . belinda conine you honor , Mr. beckett 's incompetence nearly sabotage a 350 million dollar suit . andrew I be the one who be sabotage . belinda conine we have complaint about Mr. beckett 's lack of preparation , he disorganization , he arrogant , defensive attitude ... the list go on . jerome GREEN we have letter . joe why have not you produce this letter ? judge garnett take it easy . ( to wheeler ) what 's the big deal , Chuck ? the boy want a letter , to show to he mother , for she to keep after he 's go . why be you be hard - ass about this ? wheeler I wish I could exonerate you , Andy . but I would have to lie to do it . andrew ( very calm ) you can save it for the jury , Charles . I want to hear you say , under oath , in front of a judge and a jury , I be a bad lawyer . ( rise ) gentlemen . ( to belinda ) counselor . wheeler do not do this , Andy . joe whoa , whoa ... ( to Andrew ) what do you expect they to say , you be Alan dershowitz ? kenton a trial take time , beckett . do you know what I be say ? andrew I think I catch you subtle drift , walter . Andrew saunter out . kenton you will be sorry , beckett . wheeler Andy , you do not want this . Joe scan the room , all eye be on he . his frown turn into a grin . he face the judge . joe with all due respect , you honor , my client choose to pursue he constitutionally guarantee right to a trial . Joe exit . CUT to : hand held camera shot of : the front yard of a two - story Colonial house in downington , Pennsylvania ( ext. / day ) ... Andrew walk toward the house , talking directly to camera . andrew this be the house where I grow up . in downington , Pennsylvania . ( point to the ground ) see this ... ? the camera point to several payr of child hand print in the sidewalk , then , back to andrew in close up , smiling . andrew ( cont . ) that be my cute little hand print . and my brother 's and my sister 's . miguel be voice ( behind camera ) and today be ... ? andrew today be my parent ' fortieth wedding anniversary . Andrew go inside , speak to the camera : andrew ( cont . ) this be the front door . I catch a finger in this door , once ... ( hold it up ) this one . break it . ( step inside ) this be the hallway , my mother call it a foyer ... inside the house ( int. / day ) : child be run through the house , while women sport corsage confer in the kitchen . a six year old girl jump into Andrew 's arm . alexis uncle Andrew ! andrew ( to camera ) this be my niece , alexis . say hello , alexis . alexis mommy 's pregnant again . andrew ( do walter cronkite ) you hear it here first , folk . News as it happen . Andrew 's older and very down to earth sister jill , put she arm around Andrew , squeezing tight . jill hello , darlin' . andrew this be my sister , Jill , the most fertile woman on the planet . she 's marry to reverend Jim . jill you feel thin . ( over Andrew 's shoulder ) hello , miguel . as Jill leave Andrew 's arm , the camera be traded off to andrew , who shoot jill giving miguel a hug . miguel hey , Jill . Nice to see you , sweetheart . jill ( hugging miguel ) handsome devil . ( refer to Andrew ) be he eat ? miguel we do not discuss he weight . ( to Andrew , behind camera ) do we ? camera move down the corridor ... andrew ( os ) and what will we find in ... da duh da duh da duh ... the kitchen ! a group of lady scream when camera enter kitchen . lady there he be ! hi , Andrew ! do not point that thing at I ! etc ... Andrew 's mother Sarah wear a unpretentious flowery dress . andrew hi , Mom . how do you feel on you fortieth anniversary ? sarah ancient . how do you think I feel ? put that thing down and give I a hug . ( he keep it point at she ) Andrew , stop ! ... he still do not listen . andrew where 's dad ? sarah he 's out in he shed show you uncle he new riding mower . one of Andrew 's young nephews shove he face into the camera , until screen goe black . CUT to : quiet ( int. / day ) ... Andrew and he immediate family be gather in the de , sit quietly , face each other . Andrew 's father , bud , with a american flag pin in he lapel , sit next to Sarah . Jill hold the hand of she husband , reverend jim . two of Andrew 's brother , matt and randy , ( big , athletic guy with mustaches ) be there . Andrew sit next to miguel . andrew thing might be say , at the trial , that ... be not go to be easy for you to hear . thing about I , about my private life . and I want to make sure it 's okay with everybody . matt I appreciate you ask , Andy , but really , it 's you call . andrew what do you think , Jill ? jill to be honest , I be worried about mommy and daddy . they have have to go through so much already ... and , we all know ... ( very difficult to say ) there 's go to be even worse thing to deal with , eventually . I wonder if it 's fair to put they through this . Andrew 's father stare at he fold hand . andrew Mom ? sarah all I know be , you get through you diagnosis fine , like a trooper . but when they fire you ... you be so devastate , Andy ... I do not expect any of my kid to sit in the back of the bus . fight for you rights . andrew thanks , Mom ... dad ? there 's a pause before Bud beckett speak . bud supposedly , the Lord do not give you more trouble than you can handle . but I be have a hard time believe that this day . Andrew 's construction worker brother , randy , wipe tear from he eye . clearly they father be in alot of pain . bud ( cont . ) Andy , the way you have face this whole thing , you and miguel , with so much courage ... you mother and I have be so very impressed ... Andrew gaze at he father with incredible love . miguel put a arm around Andrew . bud ( cont . ) I can not imagine there be anything , that anyone could say , that would make we feel less proud of you . andrew ( full of emotion ) thanks , dad . I love you guy . how about you , Randy ? randy hey . you be my kid brother , Andy . that 's the bottom line . I mean , what be that bastard go to say ? you be gay ? shit , I know that when you be five year old . everyone laugh . Andrew and Randy high five . miguel wait a minute ... ( to Andrew ) you be gay ? more laughter . but Jill speak seriously : jill what about you , Andy ? you be not a militant type . you have always be so private . close on andrew : andrew I guess ... I do not have time for that any more . sarah Jim ? will you lead we in a prayer ? everyone bow head , hold hand in a circle . reverend jim dear Lord . sometimes it be difficult to remember to be grateful ... camera pan the circle , the praying face . reverend jim ( cont . ) to remember , in we time of sorrow and confusion , that we have you to turn to , and each other . bless and keep Andrew and miguel , dear Lord , deepen and strengthen they love as they face the struggle that lay ahead . bless and watch over all of we , fill we with you love , you light , and you peace , which passeth all understanding . in Jesus ' name , we pray ... everyone amen . romantic music cross CUT to : beckett ' livingroom , see through the video camera ( day ) ... a local entertainer ( guido paonessa ) launch into a standard , accompany by a single guitar player , and Bud and Sarah begin to dance , surround by family and friend . guido " after all the day of spring have fly ... " video camera pan : relative eat cake , kide chase each other , a grandmother in a wheelchair hold a newborn , watch silent , video home movie . camera find Andrew and niguel eat anniversary cake ( Andrew barely touch he ) . play for the camera , miguel dip he finger into icing and smear it onto Andrew 's nose . Andrew try to reach the icing with he tongue . camera pan with andrew as he come forward to dance with he mother , while Jill dance with they father . camera return to miguel . matt ( behind the camera ) say : matt ( os ) hey , miguel , can you imagine any two people be together for forty year ? zoom in close on niguel ( who 's watch Andrew ) : miguel yes . I can . video camera pan to Andrew dance with he Mom , linger on this image ... joe ( voice over ) forget everything you have see on tv , and in the movie ... CUT to : helicopter shot , revealing all of philadelphia ( day ) ... title : " eight month later . " joe ( os ) ( cont . ) there will not be any last minute , surprise witness ... CUT to : a man looking into camera : he's young , confident , all american , a Marine ( int. / day ) ... title : " open statement . " the marine be a juror . camera pan other : a black lady schoolteacher , a postal worker , a asian college student . joe ( os ) ( cont . ) no one will break down on the stand with a tearful confession ... reverse on joe , addressing the jury . joe ( cont . ) you be present with a simple fact : Andrew beckett be fire . you will hear two explanation for why he be fire . our . and theirs ... Joe cross the courtroom , come to stand in front of ... andrew , whose appearance have change : thin , paler than we have ever see he , some blister on he lip . but the most disturbing thing about he appearance be the way he move , slowly , like a much older man . he 's take note ( which he will do relentlessly throughout the trial . ) and he have a cane at he side , which he will use throughout the trial . joe ( cont . ) it 's up to you , to sift through layer and layer of truth , and determine for yourselves the version that sound the most true . Charles wheeler , walter kenton , Bob seidman , Kenneth killcoyne sit behind they lawyer , belinda conine and Jerome Green , and several assistant at the defense table . judge garnett preside from he bench . among the spectator , miguel sit next to Sarah , and Andrew 's sister Jill . aids activist in the background . joe ( cont . ) there be certain point in we version , that I must prove to you ... Point number one : Andrew beckett be ... be a brilliant lawyer . a great lawyer . Point number two . Andrew beckett , afflict with a debilite disease , make the legal , understandable , personal choice to keep the fact of he illness to himself ... Point number three : his employer discover he illness . and lady and gentleman , the illness I be refer to , be aids ... Joe pause , let that sink in . joe ( cont . ) Point number four . they panicked . and , in they panic , they do what most of we would like to do with aids ... get it , and the people who have it , as far away from we as possible . Joe walk away from Andrew . joe ( cont . ) the behavior of Andrew beckett 's employer may seem reasonable to you . it do to I . after all , aids be a deadly , incurable , disease ... close on member of the jury . joe ( cont . ) but however you come to judge the behavior of Charles wheeler and he partner in moral , ethical , human term ... when they fire Andrew beckett because he have aids , they break the law . with a swift , direct glance at the judge , Joe speak with considerable power and emotion : joe ( cont . ) and , when lawyer break the law , when this society lose respect for the law , when that day come , we cherish institution will be burn to the ground , and we child and grandchild will live like savage . CUT to : belinda conine addressing the jury ( int. / day ) ... belinda fact . Andrew beckett perform at a consistently mediocre level . fact . he make a grievous error on a multi-million dollar lawsuit ... fact . he claim he be the victim of lie and deceit . fact. Andrew beckett lie to he employer , go to great effort to conceal he disease from they . fact . he be successful in he duplicity . the partner at wyant wheeler do not know Andrew beckett have aids when they fire he ... belinda pause in front of the plaintiff 's table belinda ( cont . ) fact. aids be a tragedy ... Andrew look directly at belinda . belinda ( cont . ) fact. Andrew beckett be die . Joe watch Andrew for he reaction . belinda ( cont . ) fact. Andrew beckett be angry . because he " lifestyle , " he reckless behavior , have cut short he life ... and in he anger , he rage , he 's lash out . and he want someone to pay . CUT to : on the witness stand : a solidly built executive from a large insurance company , mr. laird ( int. / day ) ... joe Andrew beckett represent you company in a lawsuit in 1990 , be that correct ? laird wyant wheeler represent we . Andrew glance toward the jury box : the marine juror write in a tiny notebook . joe but , Andrew beckett be in charge of litigation for the suit . laird that 's correct . joe be you pleased with he work ? laird we be satisfied . Joe and Andrew exchange a look -- Laird 's response surprise and disappoint they . joe be you satisfied , or be you pleased ? Laird glance toward Charles wheeler before answer . laird we be satisfied . Joe refer to legal document . joe Mr. Laird , when I approach you about be a witness at this trial , and you agree , you give swear testimony in a deposition . be that correct ? laird that 's correct . joe accord to the deposition , you say you be " thrilled , impressed , overwhelm " by the quality of Andrew beckett 's work . do you remember say that ? laird I may have say something like that . but that 's not how I feel at this moment . Joe take on a street - tough tone : joe okay , Mr. Laird . explain this to I like I be a four year old : do Andrew beckett win you lawsuit for you or not ? laird we win . joe do that thrill , impress and overwhelm you ? laird it satisfied I . Joe stare at the guy . joe it 's a long way between be overwhelm and be satisfied . a cheeseburger may be satisfy whereas caviar and champagne and roast duck and baked Alaska for dessert might be consider overwhelming . do you agree ? laird I might . joe five month ago you characterize Andrew beckett as caviar and now you be call he a cheeseburger . you standard have shift a great deal , and I would like to know why you have change you mind . laird since that time I have devote more think to the subject , and that 's how I feel now . quick CUT to : jerome GREEN cross -examining laird ( int./ day ) . jerome GREEN partner Robert seidman be the supervise attorney for you lawsuit ? mr. laird that 's right . jerome GREEN do the supervise attorney guide the litigate attorney during the trial ? mr. laird often , he do . jerome GREEN as far as you know , in the handle of you lawsuit , Andrew beckett be simply follow order . laird that 's a fair assessment of the situation . Andrew glance over he shoulder : at Robert seidman , who meet he gaze . CUT to : spectator stream out of CITY hall into the hubbub of two distinct group shout at each other ( ext / day ) : gay rights activist in t-shirt with pink triangle , denounce discrimination ; born again activist wave placard cite aids as God 's punishment for homosexuality ; policemen keep they apart ; a media circus get it on videotape . Joe and miguel flank Andrew , who walk weakly . with a cane . Sarah and Jill follow close behind , run the gauntlet of activist and reporter . Andrew 's Pov on a placard : " we die - they do nothing ! " Jill 's Pov on a placard : " aids cure homosexuality ! " a tv crew shine hot light on Andrew . tv reporter ( angela medina ) do you see this as a gay rights issue ? andrew I be not political . I just want compensation for be fire . reporter medina but you be gay , be not you ? image : andrew see on a tv screen ( int . / night ) : andrew " I do not see how that 's any of you business ... ( a smile ) but yes , I be . " wide angle : we're in a sport bar where joe watch the six o'clock news with filko , a local cop , other ( int . / night ) ... on the tv screen : a microphone be shove at Joe . reporter medina " do you believe that homosexual deserve special treatment ? " filko Hell , no ! joe ( on tv ) " Angela , we be stand in Philadelphia , the City of brotherly Love , the birthplace of freedom , where we found father author the declaration of Independence . and I do not remember that glorious document say " all straight man be create equal . " I could have swear it say , " all man be create equal . " charlie the cop give I a goddamn break ! on the tv screen : the reporter wrap up she story . reporter medina " this case be send a cold chill through the legal community . one of wyant wheeler 's key client , the Grace Foster Foundation , which support several aids charity , have take its business to another firm until this matter be resolve ... " as the tv drone on , charlie the cop , other glare at Joe . filko ( chuckle ) hey , joe. ( a wink to the cop ) you be not start to get a little ... light on you foot here on we , be you ? Joe do not laugh . joe yeah , filko . I am. ( step toward filko ) I be on the prowl , filko . I need a man . not just any man . I need a hunk . a hunk like you . how about it , filko ? want to play sailor ? this time , I will be first mate and you can be Columbus . filko chill out , Joe . joe ( angry ) that people make I sick , filko ! but a law 's be break , okay ? the law . remember the law ? charlie the cop have relaxed a bit . charlie the cop at least we agree on one thing , Joe ... they make I sick too . hold on joe , but we hear the tv reporter in the background : tv reporter medina " ... now the public know that you son have aids and he 's gay . how do that make you feel ? " all eye turn to the tv : sarah beckett in close up . sarah " this be a world full of war , famine , poverty , homelessness ... and people make a fuss because two man or two woman want to live together , or make love . seem kind of silly , do not it ? " the bar erupt with a chorus of boos and catcall . CUT to : joe addressing a witness in court ( int. / day ) ... joe and walter kenton know the lesion on you face and arm be cause by aids ? the witness : maria torre , Hispanic , 35 , healthy - look . maria definitely . people be go around , whisper thing . I figure I do not have anything to lose , so I tell all the partner . joe how do walter kenton treat you , after you tell he you have aids ? close on kenton , look confident . maria every time he come into contact with I , he would get this look on he face . I call it , the " oh God " expression . as in " oh God , here come that woman with aids . " Andrew laugh . joe Ms. torres ? have you employer fire you for have aids ? maria no . when I need time off , for medical reason , we work it out . joe thank you . no more question . Jerome Green rise . jerome GREEN miss torres . how do you contract the aids virus ? maria during a transfusion . I lose a lot of blood give birth to my second child . jerome GREEN in other word , in you case you happen to be a innocent victim of the aids tragedy . maria look . I be no different from everyone else who have this disease : I be not guilty , I be not innocent . I be just try to survive . quick CUT to : joe , approaching a witness ( int. / day ) ... joe Beyond notice the mark on he face , be there other thing about he appearance that make you suspect he have aids ? the witness : paralegal anthea burton . anthea he be lose weight . he look kind of tired sometimes . but he be work so hard ... still , I feel something be wrong . ( look at wheeler ) and I can not believe they be say they do not notice anything . belinda objection . judge garnett just answer the question . anthea sorry . joe Ms. burton . you be black . anthea be that a question ? joe no. have you ever feel discriminate against , at wyant wheeler ? anthea yes . wheeler shake he head , disgust . kenton fume , outrage . seidman look surprised . joe in what way ? anthea well ... one time , Mr. wheeler 's secretary , lydia , tell I Mr. wheeler have a problem with my earring . joe you earring ? anthea be wear large , dangle African - style earring . anthea apparently , Mr. wheeler feel they be too ... " ethnic " be the word she use . she say he would like it if I wear something smaller , less garish , and ... more " american . " joe what do you say ? anthea I say my earring be american . they're African - american . joe thank you . no more question . belinda conine approach anthea . belinda miss burton ? do you still work at wyant wheeler ? anthea yes . belinda be you recently promote ? anthea yes . I be now in charge of the paralegal department . belinda thank you . CUT to : a philadelphia exterior , a fall afternoon ( late day ) ... CUT to : joe come down a aisle of a drug store , examining the baby cold medicine , carry a box of pamper ( int. / day ) ... a young man in grass -stain sweat , carry a football under one arm , buy a tube of toothpaste , speak to Joe : young man how 's the trial go ? it 's a great case . Joe look up surprised . the young man smile . young man ( cont . ) I see you on television . I be a law student . at Penn . Joe be flatter by the young man be interest . joe good school . what year ? young man second . joe great . young man would you like to have a drink with I ? I just finish a game , I could use a beer . ( a smile ) I do not pick up people in drug store every day . joe whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ... do you think ... ? you think I be ... ( low ) ... gay ? young man be not you ? joe what 's the matter with you ? do I look gay to you ? young man do I look gay to you ? relax . joe relax ? I ought to kick you faggoty little ass for you ! young man take it as a compliment . geesh . but Joe be really upset . people be watch . joe do not you know this be exactly the kind of bullshit that make people hate you guy ? young man fuck you ! you want to kick my ass ? you want to try ? ( walk away ) asshole . joe you be the asshole , buddy . young man ( go out ) get a life . Joe stand there , hold the pamper , people staring . CUT to : lisa' working on her computer , at home , while joe pace around she desk , really upset ( one year - old rayisha sit on the desk play with wooden salad spoon . ) ( int . / night ) ... joe but what be it ?! what be this guy think ... ?! lisa do not know , Joe . joe be there some kind of expression I have pick up from beckett ?! some kind of fairy attitude I have unconsciously adopt ?! be I walk different ?! some kind of vocal thing ?! have I pick up some kind of homo vibe ?! lisa have you change you aftershave ? joe very funny . I have a box of pamper under my arm for chrissake ! CUT to : lisa and joe' darkened bedroon , where they lie in bed , almost completely obscure by shadow ( int . / night ) ... they speak softly , careful not to wake the baby . lisa Joe ? joe ( sleepy ) yeah ... ? lisa two man make love ... ? now tell I again ... why be that disgusting ? joe ( a tired sigh ) Lisa , c'mon . one guy stick he dick in another guy 's mouth ? it 's disgusting . they lie in silence for a moment . then : lisa okay , so ... help I with this one , Joe ... be it disgusting for someone to put he dick into someone 's mouth ? or , be it disgusting for someone to take a dick into they mouth ? joe ( after a beat ) great , Lisa . thank you . to : exterior : CITY hall , a autumn day ... joe ( vo ) " but , ultimately , the complaint be find , be not it ? continuous CUT to : wide angle on courtroom : jamey collin on the stand ( day ) . jamey yes . we find a copy . it be incorrectly file ... title : " plaintiff 's case , day ten . " jamey ( cont . ) we get it to court on time . angle on the jury : several juror write in notebook like the Marine 's ; he 's be hand they out ... Joe seem ill at ease today , a little off he game . when he glance at Andrew , it 's with irritation . joe have a file ever disappear like that before ? vanish into thin air , all of a sudden , only to reappear in the nick of time ? jamey answer nervously : jamey I have never know that to happen before . no. joe ( fire this question ) do you have something to do with this file be lose accidentally - on-purpose ? belinda objection ! joe I will rephrase . ( to jamey ) do you have anything to do with this file be ... misplace ? jamey absolutely not . Joe stand , stare at jamey . too long . jamey squirm . joe be you a homosexual ? jamey what ?! Joe press forward , toward jamey . joe c'mon , Mr. Collins . be you homosexual ? you know , gay ? the courtroom erupt : activist boo Joe , wheeler 's crowd express outrage , juror look confuse . Andrew take in the commotion , as the judge bang he gavel . judge garnett hold it , hold it ! Andrew train he attention on Joe . belinda objection ! where have this come from ?! suddenly counsel be attack he own witness . Mr. Collins ' sexual orientation have absolutely no relevance to this case . judge garnett I say , hold it ! ( the courtroom quiet ) Mr. Miller . could you kindly share with I exactly what 's go on in you brain , because I do not have a clue at the moment . Joe face Andrew , also curious to know what Joe 's up to . joe you honor , everyone in this courtroom be think about sexual preference , sexual orientation , whatever you want to call it . they be look at I , and wonder about it ... ( look at Andrew ) they be look at Mr. beckett , and wonder about it . they be look at Mr. wheeler and wonder about it . they might even be look at you and wonder about it . so , let 's get it out in the open . let 's talk about what this case be really about : the general public 's hatred ... we loathing , we fear of homosexual . dead silence while the judge think it over . close on andrew . andrew ( to himself ) very good . close on belinda conine . close on charle wheeler . close on miguel . close on walter kenton . close on bob seidman . close on the marine juror . close on jamey collin , sweat bullet on the stand . judge garnett in this courtroom , Mr. Miller , justice be blind . to matter of race , creed , color , religion . and sexual orientation . joe with all due respect , you honor ... we do not live in this courtroom , do we ? judge garnett no . we do not ... however , as regards this witness , I be go to sustain the defense 's objection . CUT to : courthouse men' room , five urinal , three sink ( int./ day ) . the marine juror , the retired postal worker juror , and a uptight businessman juror stand at the urinal , with a empty urinal between each of they . the marine juror whistle while he pee ( a classic rock tune , like " radar Love . " ) the businessman sigh , " ahhhhhh . " the retired postal worker juror jingle change . the rock musician juror enter , step up to the urinal between the businessman and the marine . he unzip , and it seem to take he a incredibly long time to extricate he urinary organ . this do not escape the marine be notice . rock musician juror ( innocently , to Marine ) I have some gay friend . what 's the biggie ? the marine say nothing . rock musician juror ( cont . ) everybody have a couple of gay friend . do not you ? marine no , sir . I do not . the marine move closer to the urinal , so that no one can see he private part . rock musician juror you might have they , and just not know they be gay . the marine shake , zip , flush , turn away . he pause to look directly at the rock musician juror . marine I know . CUT to : walter kenton on the witness stand ( int. / day ) ... joe and how many week at a time would you be out to sea , without stop at port ? kenton anywhere from two week , to several month . joe any woman on board ? kenton glance at the marine juror . kenton not when I be in the navy . joe so during that long voyage , month at a time , out to sea , no woman in sight , a hundred , hardwork , robust , young man , in the prime of they life , at the peak of they natural appetite , desire , they god - give , hormonal instinct ... anything go on ? kenton go on ... like ...? joe like ... two sailor play hide the salami . Andrew cover he face with he hand . belinda objection ! judge garnett Mr. Miller ! kenton ( can not resist ) we have one guy like that . belinda you have not rule on my objection , you honor . kenton seem eager to tell he story . Joe stand with cross arm , wait . judge garnett let 's continue . joe ( to kenton ) you have one guy " like that ? " kenton yeah . but we take care of he . joe how do you do that ? kenton we stick he head in the latrine , after ten of we have use it . laughter and some applause from some spectator , and some juror . activist boo and hiss . the judge pound he gavel . joe you teach he a lesson . kenton yes , we do . joe like fire Andrew beckett teach he a lesson ? belinda objection ! joe I will withdraw . ( move on quickly ) you be aware , when you work with Maria torres , that she have aids , correct ? kenton she do not try to conceal it . joe so you be aware of the difference between a lesion and a bruise , be that correct ? kenton I know the difference . that do not mean I be always able to recognize the difference . joe but do not you avoid contact with Ms. torres , after you find out she have aids ? she say you act repulse by she and you avoid she , be that correct ? kenton I feel , and still feel , nothing but the deep sympathy and compassion for people like Maria , who have contract this terrible disease through no fault of they own . CUT to loud classical music : in the kitchen of there apartment , miguel pour medicine into a iv drip unit ( int . / night ) ... loud classical music in the background . miguel glance at a chart on the wall , in which a day be break into hour , with medical instruction for each hour miguel ( shouting over music ) Drew ! be you ready ? if we start at eight , we will be do by twelve . miguel tap the iv bag , get the drip start . a cat jump onto the counter . miguel hold it . CUT to : andrew sit at the diningroom table , making note on a legal pad , hold out he leave arm ( int . / night ) . a catheter be imbed into Andrew 's arm , and miguel be try to get the iv drip start through the catheter . the music be lower ... miguel it 's not go through . andrew ( focus on he work ) we will have to flush it again . Andrew reach for a law book . miguel hold still . shit. ( try again ) the goddamn vein 's clotted . we have to go the goddamn hospital , so they can change the goddamn catheter . andrew I have too much work to do . skip the treatment . miguel we be not skip this treatment . andrew I say , skip it , Michael . it 's my treatment . miguel fuck you . andrew fuck you . this shit 's probably not do I any good anyway . miguel that shit 's save you life , you asshole ! miguel shove away from the table . andrew what 's wrong with you ? miguel Close the law book . andrew I be not go to close the -- miguel close the fucking law book ! Andrew slam it shut . andrew allright it's close ! ( beat ) Jesus ! miguel the least you can do be look at I , while I be stick this shit into you arm . forget the fuck case , one hour a day , and give I a little of you time . andrew ( very quiet ) you do not think there 's much time leave , do you ? miguel that 's not what I say . andrew you be scared . you think we be near the end . miguel no . andrew maybe I should start make plan , be that what you think ? start plan my memorial service ? " begin to prepare for the inevitable . " miguel ( low ) maybe you should think about it . andrew what 's that mean ?! miguel ( very difficult ) maybe you should think about it . a moment . andrew I be not go to die . miguel that 's right . we be on the positive plan . you do not have a fatal Disease , you have manageable illness . andrew you want I to give up ? let this thing turn we into victim ? miguel then , what be we , Drew ?! the winner ? " lady and gentleman , the first prize of aids go to Andrew beckett and he lover miguel ... " Excuse I , I be not you lover . I be you Care partner . fuck ! andrew I be not ready to die . miguel do you think I be ready for it ?! I hate this shit . I be not a fuck martyr ! I hate every goddamn part of it ! miguel slide down the wall , sit in a heap . Andrew go to he . they hug . miguel hold he tight . miguel ( cont . ) please do not leave I . I love you so much . do not die , do not leave I , please ... miguel rock in Andrew 's arm . Andrew kiss the top of he head , hold tight . andrew I be so scared . I be so fuck , incredibly , fuck scared ... a moment . Andrew stroking miguel 's hair , as he calm down . andrew ( cont . ) you know , there 's only one thing to do . ( beat ) we have to have a party . CUT to : joe and lisa stand outside andrew's apartment -- in costume . dance music be play inside ( int . / night ) ... Lisa be dress as a giant sandwich . Joe 's costume look quickly throw together : he 's wear a suit , but have page from a legal document staple all over the suit . joe do I ever tell you , I hate costume party ? lisa my lettuce be wilting . the door be opened -- by the lead singer of white snake : big hair , leather , guitar . andrew ( as rocker ) parrtyy ! joe we be friend of beckett 's . andrew it 's I , you dork . lisa I be Lisa Miller . andrew glad to finally meet you . come on in . continuous CUT to : joe and lisa follow andrew into the apartment ( he limp , rely on he cane , but he 's get a lot of ENERGY ) . the room be fill with two madonnas , a m.c . Hammer , three nun , a can of soup ( int . / night ) ... andrew ( to Lisa ) I have to introduce you to the can of soup . you can enter the costume contest together as a lunch special . miguel approach , dress as a member of mega -death or anthrax . he strike a pose , contort he face and hit a air guitar riff . Andrew cross guitar with miguel . then : andrew this be Lisa Miller . miguel alvarez . miguel 's sister maria be pass by with a group of friend . everyone ad lib greeting . miguel my sister , Maria . ( to Lisa ) pastrami on rye ? lisa corn beef . miguel want to dance ? lisa sure ! miguel lead Lisa away . Joe be reluctant to give she up . joe beckett . you seem ... better . energize , more alive ... andrew I have a blood transfusion today . I feel great . Andrew study Joe , try to figure out the costume . joe I be a law suit . andrew not bad . joe get it ? andrew let 's find you a drink . Andrew lead Joe through the crowd , greeting Rachel , skin paint blue ( smurfette ) she daughter amy ( bart simpson ) , anthea , tyrone from Dr. Gillman 's office ( a cowboy ) , and tyrone's lover ( a horse ) ... some of Dr. Gillman 's patient be here too , include the young asian man who be now in a wheelchair . and , one or two of andrew's sibling may be present as well . and Alan , bruno and chandra , and some arty friend and neighbor . andrew ( cont . ) what do you want ? joe beer. ( patting he briefcase ) we need to go over you q and A. andrew Excuse I , I be have a goddamn party , be that allright with you ? joe sure . it 's fine . andrew no , we have to do it . but later , allright ? joe thank you . a man dress as LA toya jackson ( with fake snake ) squeeze past Joe , reach for a beer . LA toya ' scuse I , darling . Andrew be smiling at Joe . joe you think I be uncomfortable ... andrew correct . joe you be right . Joe spill beer down he shirt . andrew thank you . CUT to a series of party moment over loud music : -- Andrew and miguel rocking to heavy metal music , play a battle of the guitar . at one point , Andrew have to sit down , but he do not stop " play , " while miguel jump all around he . -- Joe talk to a man dressed as marie antoinette : marie antoinette I be a accountant . what do you do ? joe I be a lawyer . ( point to Lisa ) that 's my wife ! -- Andrew 's mother Sarah , as marge Simpson , deliver a tray of hor d'oeuvre to Joe ( stand next to a policeman ) : sarah have a cocktail wienie . joe thanks , Sarah . ( to the policeman ) Nice costume . policeman it 's not a costume , I just get off work . you be cute . joe ( point to Lisa ) that 's my wife . want to see a picture of my baby ? policeman ( reach for he wallet ) absolutely . want to see a picture of my baby ? -- everyone slow dance to the talk head tune " Heaven " ( simply Red cover version ) : Joe and Lisa , Andrew and miguel , Rachel with a sleepy Amy in she arm , the policeman and tyrone , Sarah beckett and marie antoinette , LA toya and she snake . " heaven " continue over : a cab idling in the STREET , lisa kissing joe ( night ) . joe I will see you in a hour , max . lisa night , honey . Lisa climb into the cab which she be share with the nun and marie antoinette and LA toya . nun / marie antoinette / LA toya night , Joe ! " heaven " continue over : quiet in andrew's condo , the party long over ( int / night ) . Joe open he briefcase , remove a legal pad with note . andrew congratulation , Miller . Andrew clear away party debris from the table , make space for he legal work . he be attach to a iv line , which be connect to a drip bag on a roll stand , that can move with he . he be no longer in costume . andrew ( cont . ) you survive you first gay party intact . joe let I tell you something , okay ? when you be bring up , like the rest of we , in a place like where I be bring up , there 's not a whole lot of discussion about ... homosexual . as a kid , you be teach right away that queer be weird , queer be funny , they be a danger to kid , they be afraid to fight , and they all want to cop you joint . and that pretty much sum up the general think out there , if you want to know the truth . andrew thank you for share that with I , Joe . joe let 's review this note for you testimony . we have a big day on Monday . Joe begin tick off a list of courtroom reminder : joe ( cont . ) when you refer to wheeler , call he Charles , to show how you would be admit to the inner circle , you be consider one of they . andrew ( distract ) uh huh ... joe ( cont . ) beckett ? andrew Charles . okay . Miller ? joe what ? andrew do you ... pray ? Joe hesitates . they be have a personal conversation ? joe yeah . sure . Joe go back to the note : joe ( cont . ) then we establish how wheeler 's boy recruit you after law school ... andrew what have you pray for ? joe for a healthy baby . for Lisa to make it through the delivery . for the philly to get into the playoff . andrew ( no self - pity ) there 's a possibility I will not be around for the end of this trial . joe I have consider that . andrew what happen ? joe we proceed , represent you estate . andrew I have make provision in my will for some charity . miguel will need a lawyer . I know it 's not you area ... joe I know a good probate lawyer . andrew thanks . ( a beat ) do you like opera ? Andrew move to the stereo , pull the iv line with he . joe Opera ? andrew want to hear my favorite aria ? joe Opera ? suddenly , a aria by maria callas fill the room -- startling Joe with its volume . andrew ( over the music ) andrea chenier , by giordano . this be madeleine . she 's tell how , during the french revolution , a mob set fire to she house . her mother die , save she . " I look ... the place that cradle I be burn ! " do you hear the heartache in she voice ? then , here come the string . everything change . the music fill with hope . madeleine say ... Andrew sway through the room to the music , pull the iv at he side . he seem truly free and relaxed . andrew ( cont . ) " it be during that sorrow that love come to I ! a voice fill with harmony that say ... live still , I be life ! " " I be the god that descend from the heaven to the earth to make of the earth a heaven ! " angle on joe : shift , uncomfortable . andrew ( cont . ) " I be oblivion ! I be glory ! I be Love , Love , Love ! " the music end . Joe sit there , fidget . he reach for he briefcase organize he note . joe I think I will ... I tell Lisa . Andrew collect himself , as Joe rise from he chair . andrew right . Andrew follow Joe to the door . andrew ( cont . ) ( businesslike ) I will look over the q and A. joe you be ready , do not worry . a awkward moment , both man stand with they hand at they side -- will one of they initiate a handshake ? Joe give a little " salute , " then leave . continuous CUT to : joe come down the hallway of the modern condo build ( int . / night ) ... joe Jesus . suddenly , Joe hear : opera music playing again . he pause , listen . intercut with : andrew move through the room , drinking in the beautiful , passionate music ( int . / night ) ... the iv stand catch against the sofa , tug the line . Andrew pull the line out of he arm . he move , freer now . intercut with : joe stand outside andrew's door , opera music playing ( int . / night ) ... Joe lift he hand to knock . he change he mind . joe Fucking guy ... Joe move down the corridor , ring for the elevator . intercut with : andrew moving through shadow , in the apartment , letting the music pull he along ( int . / night ) ... intercut with : joe stepping into the elevator ( int . / night ) . the door close . intercut with : andrew and the music ( int . / night ) . music fading , cross the CUT to : exterior : joe' suburban house late at night ... Joe cross the yard to he dark house . music distant , cross the CUT to : joe' baby lie sleeping in her crib ( int . / night ) . Joe look down on the baby , adjust the blanket . continuous CUT to : lisa face camera , asleep in the dark bedroom ( int. / night ) . Joe doff he jacket , sink quietly onto the edge of the bed , careful not to disturb Lisa . with he back to camera , Joe put he head into he hand ... and begin to weep . fade out . fade in : panoramic shot of philadelphia exterior ... CUT to : high , wide angle on the courtroom , in silence ( int. / day ) ... Andrew move very slowly with he cane across the courtroom , toward the witness stand . -- judge garnett cross he arm , wait . -- joe glance at some note . --miguel and sarah beckett look on anxiously . --wheeler and the other observe in silence . camera hold on bible be carried in glove hand , across the courtroom . over this shot be a ... title : " plaintiff 's case . day fourteen . " the bailiff place the Bible in front of Andrew ( a purple blotch be show in front of Andrew 's ear . ) bailiff place you leave hand on the Bible and raise you right hand . Andrew place he hand on the Bible . bailiff " do you swear to tell the truth ... dialogue overlap and dissolve to : andrew answering a question a hour or so later ( int./ day ) . andrew wyant wheeler have aggressively recruit I . they be the most prestigious firm in Philadelphia , full of opportunity . and I be impressed by the partner . joe include Charles wheeler ? ( Andrew frequently wipe sweat from he forehead with a handkerchief . his voice be hoarse , raspy . ) andrew particularly , Charles . angle on wheeler . joe what impressed you about he ? andrew he be ... the kind of person I think I want to be . joe what kind of person be that ? andrew possess of a encyclopedic knowledge of the law . a razor sharp litigator , a genuine leader , gift at bring out the very best in other . a awesome ability to illuminate the most complex of legal concept to colleague , courtroom , the person on the street . ( a smile ) the kind of person who play three set of tennis but do not sweat . but underneath the elegant surface , be a adventurous spirit . belinda conine make a note about that . joe obviously , at this time , you be not sick . andrew it 's possible I be infect with the HIV virus at that time , but I be not diagnose until several year later . joe you do not look then , the way you look now ? reverse -- on andrew in the witness stand , but now he look completely different ( the healthy . pre-aid Andrew . ) andrew no . I be thirty pound heavier . I be athletic . joe a regular all - american guy ? andrew I suppose you could say that . joe except ... you be gay ? andrew I still be . spectator chuckle . joe in the year you work at wyant wheeler , do you ever tell Charles wheeler you be gay ? andrew no. I do not . joe can you explain why you do not ? andrew you do not bring you personal life into a law firm . you be not suppose to have a personal life , really . anyway , I do plan to tell Charles , eventually . but then , this thing happen at the tennis club ... image : wheeler . andrew . seidman . other in a locker room of a tennis club , wearing towel , entering a sauna ( int./ day ) . wheeler longstreet 's interested in the harrisburg deal . andrew I be see he this afternoon . inside the sauna : camera pan several men . andrew ( voice over ) " somebody start tell joke . " first man what do you call a woman who have pms and esp at the same time ?. second man what ? first man a bitch who know everything . laughter . Andrew keep he eye close , lean against the wall of the sauna , next to wheeler , relax . charle wheeler how do a faggot fake a orgasm ? Andrew open one eye . charle wheeler ( cont . ) he spit on you back . seidman Charles , that 's revolting ! all the man laugh , and wheeler laugh the hardest . joe ( voice over ) how do that make you feel ? image : back to the courtroom . andrew in the witness stand ( and it 's the sick , thin Andrew with aids ) . andrew relieved . that I would never tell he I be gay . very relieved . angle on charle wheeler : shake he head , a denial . joe be you a good lawyer ? andrew I be a excellent lawyer . joe what make you a excellent lawyer ? andrew I love the law . I know the law . I excel at practice it . it 's the only thing I have ever want to do . joe what do you love about it ? andrew well ... many thing . but I think the thing I love the most , be that every once in a while , not that often , but occasionally ... you get to be part of justice be do . it 's really quite a thrill when that happen . CUT to : belinda conine stand before andrew ( int./ day ) . belinda you say earlier you aspire to be the kind of person who have " a adventurous spirit . " be that correct ? andrew something like that . belinda do you take risk ? andrew in my work ? yes. calculate risk . you have to . belinda in general . do you take risk in other area of you life ? andrew not unnecessary one . belinda have you ever be to the Apollo cinema on sansom Street ? Joe cringe a little with discomfort . andrew ( look belinda right in the eye ) a few time . image : flashing light at the " apollo " theater entrance ( ext./ night ) . belinda ( os ) what kind of movie do they show there ? andrew ( os ) Gay movie . back in court ( int. / day ) : belinda Gay pornographic movie ? andrew yes . belinda do man have sex with each other in that theater ? andrew yes . image : moving Pov shot past rows of gay porn magazine ( int. / night ) . belinda ( os ) how about you , Mr. beckett ? image : moving Pov shot past face of the juror ( int . / day ) belinda ( os ) ( cont . ) ... have you ever have sex with someone in that theater ? image : moving Pov shot past a glass counter holding sexual device , lubricant , condom ( int. / night ) . andrew ( os ) yes . back in court , on andrew : andrew ( cont . ) once . image : men lurking outside private screening booths ( they vary in age . type . etc . -- most look pretty damn normal ) ( int. / night ) . image : andrew ( pre - aids ) smile at a friendly yuppie , stand inside a private booth ( int. / night ) . yuppie I be Robert . andrew Andrew . Andrew step into the booth . andrew ( cont . ) now what do we do ? Robert laugh , close the door of the booth . ROBERT I think we will figure it out . back to the courtroom ( int. / day ) : Joe sit with a stone - sober expression : this be not easy . belinda when ? approximately what year do this event take place ? andrew I guess it be 1984 , 85 . belinda be you aware in 1984 or 1985 that there be a fatal disease out there , call aids , and that you could contract it through sexual activity ? andrew it 's impossible to know exactly when or how I be infect with HIV . belinda but you be have anonymous sex in porno theater in 1984 and 1985 ? andrew that happen once . people be not talk about aids then , the way we be now . or safe sex . belinda you would hear of aids in 1984 , 85 ? andrew I would hear of something . the gay plague , gay cancer , but ... we do not know how you could get it , or that it could kill you . close shot on andrew -- lose strength . belinda ( os ) ( sound far away ) do you need a break ? andrew no . belinda while you be employ at wyant wheeler , you do everything you could to make sure no one know you be a active homosexual , correct ? andrew that be not correct . I never lie about it . belinda do you keep a picture of you lover on you desk ? andrew no . belinda do other lawyer at the firm keep picture of they spouse or fiance on they desk ? image : andrew in bob seidman' office , working , spotting a photo on the wall of bob' wife and child ( int./ day ) . andrew some do . I do not . belinda as a homosexual , one be often force to conceal one 's sexuality , be that right ? andrew in some situation . belinda be not it true you have spend you life pretend to be something you be not , so much so that the art of concealment and dishonesty have become second nature to you ?! joe objection ! belinda I will withdraw it . Mr. beckett ? be you live with miguel alvarez in 1984 or 1985 when you have you anonymous sexual encounter in the porn theater ? angle on miguel , sit next to Sarah . andrew yes . belinda you could have infect he , be not that right ? andrew miguel have not be infect . as I say , we be not aware of aids , then , or how it be spread . belinda really ? andrew yes . Andrew wipe sweat from he forehead . belinda you have testify the lesion on you face be visible to the people you work with , correct ? andrew that 's right . belinda and it 's you contention , that when the partner be make aware of the lesion , they jump to the conclusion you have aids and fire you . andrew absolutely . belinda do you have any lesion on you face at this time ? andrew one . here , in front of my ear . a assistant hand conine a shave mirror . she hold it before Andrew . belinda remember you be under oath , answer truthfully , can you see the lesion on you face , in this mirror , three foot away ? answer truthfully . Andrew look in the mirror : the lesion be not very visible . andrew by the time I be fire , there be four lesion on my face , much bigger ... belinda answer the question , please . andrew no . I can not really see it . belinda thank you . Andrew rub he eye . judge garnett ( os ) ( far away ) this would be a good time to break for the day ... joe ( os ) ( far away ) you honor ? May I have ten minute in re-direct ? judge garnett ( os ) ( far away ) beckett ? Andrew find the judge look at he . judge garnett ( cont . ) can you go on for ten minute ? andrew yes sir . Joe jump up from the plaintiff 's table . joe I only need five ! ( to belinda , reach for the mirror ) May I ? Joe approach Andrew , with the mirror . joe ( cont . ) do you have any lesion on any part of you body , at this time , that resemble the lesion that be on you face at the time you be fire ? andrew yes . on my torso . joe if it please the court , I would like to ask Mr. beckett to remove he shirt , so that the jury can have a accurate idea of what we be talk about . belinda we object , you honor . it would unfairly influence the jury . joe you honor , if Mr. beckett be force by he illness to use a wheelchair , would the defense ask he to park it outside ? we be talk about aids , we be talk about lesion . let 's see what we be talk about . angle on member of the jury -- looking apprehensive . judge garnett ( a moment , then ) I will allow it . would you mind remove you shirt , Mr. beckett ? angle on miguel -- tense . andrew allright . the courtroom turn silent . Andrew remove he suit jacket . he 's weak , so the smallest gesture require effort . angle on bob seidman -- watching . Andrew undoe he tie . angle on the marine juror -- watching . Andrew unbutton he collar button , work he way down . angle on sarah beckett -- watching . Andrew stand , pull he shirttail out of he trousers . angle on charle wheeler -- watching . Andrew remove he shirt -- there be purple blotches splayed across he chest and abdomen and arm . the schoolteacher juror gasp . Sarah beckett be silently cry . the lesbian juror close she eye . joe can you see the lesion on you chest in this mirror ? andrew yes . joe thank you . camera move in on charle wheeler ... CUT to : courthouse corridor , activity ( int. / day ) ... Charles wheeler stride down the corridor , flanke by kenton , killcoyne and belinda , discuss strategy . Bob seidman step to wheeler 's side , keep pace . seidman I have discover something interesting , Charles . wheeler ( to belinda ) ... keep they from that area , on grounds of relevancy . ( to seidman ) what , Bob ? seidman no matter how hard I try , I can not lose a file in my computer . now he 's get everyone be attention . seidman ( cont . ) the system automatically make a backup . belinda hold up both hand , interrupt with : belinda I do not think I should hear this . she walk away , give a glance over she shoulder as : seidman you can erase the backup ... ( a challenge to wheeler ) but why would you ? kenton ( venomous ) what 's the point , Bob ? wheeler ( calm ) very interesting , Bob . let 's make a note of that . Andy do not lose the complaint in he computer . he never put it in . he lie about that , too . seidman ( weary ) Charles ... wheeler if you feel differently , Bob , you should say so , when you be call to the stand . after all , this be not a conspiracy . wheeler and the gang move on , leave seidman alone in the high -ceiling corridor . belinda hesitates , before re-group with wheeler and the rest , casting a curious glance toward Bob seidman . CUT to : camera pull back from charle wheeler -- on the stand ... belinda why do you recruit Andrew beckett to you firm ? Andrew use all he strength to concentrate . Charles wheeler speak with great sincerity . wheeler if you be the owner of a major league ball club , you recruit the hot rookie . and Andy be tremendously promise as a young attorney . that 's why we go after he , that 's why we hire he , and that 's why we stick with he , year after year ... wait for the promise to be fulfil . but it never be . belinda you keep give he another chance ? wheeler of course we do . when you have groom someone they way we groom Andy , nurture he , lavish all kind of special treatment on he ... you have make quite a investment . we be wait for he promise to kick in , and deliver . but , ultimately , we could no longer ignore the gap between the promise and the reality ... this be one of the saddest time in my life . to sit in this court , testify to Andy 's ultimate failure to make the grade . to discover that he be one of that people who want to benefit by the system , but do not want to play by the system 's rule . to think you know someone , only to find out ... you do not know they at all . it 's heartbreaking . belinda thank you . that 's all for now , you honor . judge garnett Mr. Miller ? Joe rise . adjust he jacket . wheeler wait . joe ( very gentle ) explain to I , if you can , Mr. wheeler , explain this to I like I be a ten year - old . this trial be not about a disease , be that what you be say ? not about you understandable , if unfounded , fear of catch aids through casual contact with someone who have it ? you be say , this trial be about Andrew beckett 's character . be I get this right ? wheeler yes , character . to the extent that it affect a person 's ability to do a great job . Andrew look away -- face shiny with sweat , breathe difficult . he take in the rest of the court , while wheeler 's word throb through the AIR ... wheeler ( cont . ) Andy work when he want to work , tell we what he think we need to know about he lifestyle ... andrew's Pov -- on rachel , sit among the spectator . Rachel begin speak , she word overlapping wheeler 's ( we should get the feel she 's give she testimony ) . rachel I do not mind cover for Andy , but I do wonder ... when be he plan to deal with he problem ? Andrew blink ... what 's go on ? look back to the court : Joe press in on wheeler . everything seem normal . wheeler sometimes it seem like society be run by this kind of people . joe what kind of people ? wheeler people who want to bend the rule ... andrew's Pov -- kenneth killcoyne at the defense table : killcoyne if you want to be a leader in this society , you have to make certain sacrifice . wheeler keep speak : wheeler ... to suit they personal desire , and the rest of we have to live with it . andrew's Pov -- walter kenton : kenton you have to make a decision : be this guy partner material ? joe who make the rule , Mr. wheeler ? you ? andrew's Pov -- bob seidman : seidman yes , I do see the lesion . I suspect he be sick ... close on andrew : close he eye . the voice get louder , fighting with each other : wheeler the everyday , common person with decent value ... rachel it seem like he be not willing to face the reality of he situation ... Andrew slowly rise , the voice getting louder : seidman I do not tell the other , I be afraid to ... wheeler ... but now , we be stand up for ourselves ... seidman ... but we should not have fire he ... wheeler ... it 's time to get this society back on track ! Andrew open he eye ... we switch to he Pov : the judge , the jury -- everyone silent , look concerned . andrew's Pov of the courtroom floor . Andrew fall into he own Pov shot . in slow motion . he lie on the floor , look up . andrew's Pov -- Joe step over he . andrew could you call a ambulance , please ? CUT to : a crisis in a hospital room ( int . / day ) ... medical staff work frenetically , try to intubate Andrew , who be having serious trouble breathing , he body heaving . the tube they be try to put in place seem to be make matter worse . miguel stand to the side , furious : miguel it 's make it worse . take it out . take it out ! Dr. Gillman rush into the room , in street clothes , obviously have answer a emergency call . she try assess the situation , just as the tube be remove and Andrew gasp for breath . a nurse place a oxygen mask over Andrew 's face and he drink in the air . his eye be wide open with fear , sweat cover he face . CUT to : philadelphia CITY hall , a business day ( ext./ day ) . title : " two week later . " lesbian juror ( vo ) if he be " mediocre , " why do they give he this major assignment three week before they fire he ? postal worker juror ( vo ) they be testing he . CUT to : juror sitting around a long table in a room with tall , grimy window ( int. / day ) ... title : " jury deliberation . " waitress juror they want to see if he would rise to the challenge . a american flag hang on the wall . schoolteacher juror they want to give he a final chance . postal worker juror make sense . businessman juror I would still love to know what happen to that miss file . homemaker juror would not we all ? postal worker juror ask the computer . college student juror they say he be not competent . but , you hear he on the stand . rock musician juror he sound pretty smart to I . businessman juror why would they fire he ? why not a medical leave , or ... college student juror they freak out over the aids . schoolteacher juror they hate homosexual . businessman juror it 's not against the law to disapprove of homosexual . lesbian juror it be against the law to fire someone for have aids . that 's why we be here . businessman juror you be the foreman . you have not say anything . what do you think ? angle on -- the marine , sit at the head of the table . camera move in slowly on he : marine juror they be say he be not a good lawyer . he be mediocre . and the fact that they give he the most important lawsuit they would ever have , for one of they most important client ... they say that do not prove anything , because that be just a test . what do they call it ? a carrot . to see if he would rise to the occasion ... okay ... say I have get to send a pilot into enemy territory , and he 's gonna be fly a plane that cost 350 million dollar ... who be I go to put into that plane ? a rookie who can not cut the grade , because I want to see if he will rise to the challenge ? or be I go to give that assignment to my best pilot , my most experience , my sharpest , my top gun ... the very best I have get ? close on the marine : marine juror ( cont . ) could somebody please explain that to I ... like I be a six year old ? hold on the marine , as the judge's voice fade in : judge garnett ( vo ) member of the jury , have you reach a verdict ? and CUT to : the courtroom -- no one stirring ( int./ day ) . Joe be utterly cool . sitting beside Andrew 's empty chair . among the spectator , Andrew 's sibling , Jill , Matt , Randy , and he parent , Bud and Sarah ... Rachel , anthea and miguel 's sister Maria . the Marine rise to he foot . marine we have , you honor ... Charles wheeler look the Marine in the eye . marine ( cont . ) we find for the plaintiff , Andrew beckett . Joe smile , just barely , remain calm . Charles wheeler whisper to belinda conine . judge garnett have you award any damage ? marine yes , we have , you honor . ( refer to a list ) for back pay and loss of benefit ... one hundred fortythree thousand dollar . Joe shake he head , disappointed , write down the amount . wheeler and he crew smile -- this be there victory . marine juror ( cont . ) for damage related to mental anguish and humiliation ... we give no award . Joe be extremely disappointed . marine juror ( cont . ) and punitive damage we award ... four million , eight hundred and eighty two thousand dollar . Joe throw he pen over he shoulder . courtroom burst into a uproar . Andrew 's supporter , Joe 's colleague from he office rush forward , pound he on the back . Andrew 's family member hug each other ... camera crane away from this group , rising toward the ceiling as the sound of the crowd fade ... opera music fade in , taking US to ... elevator door open ... joe stepping into the corridor of a hospital ( int. / night ) , carry two shopping bag from the famous 4th Street deli ... Joe move down the corridor , look for a particular room . Dr. Gillman stand outside a hospital room , talk in a low voice to Bud and Sarah beckett . as Joe pass they , enter Andrew 's room , he hear : dr . gillman ... if he come out of the hospital this time , you must not expect he to be like he be before ... Joe step into ... andrew's hospital room ( int . / night ) ... a hand - paint banner be strung over Andrew 's bed : " Victory . " opera music play on a portable CD player . andrew lie in a hospital bed , with a pressurize oxygen mask on he face . jill sit on the edge of Andrew 's bed , hold he hand , smile , speak to Andrew in low tone . with he free hand , Andrew gently stroke Jill 's forearm . ( Andrew have a amazing assortment of tube and ivs run into various part of he body . ) Andrew 's brother matt and randy be sip beer with rev . jim , miguel , miguel 's sister maria , bruno and chandra , while Matt do a dramatic re-creation of the Marine juror rendering the judgment . Matt 's audience be loving it . as Joe come into the room , Jill rise to take the shopping bag from he . Joe exchange nod and greeting with the other . people keep there voice low , but there 's a certain energy , and happiness evident in the room . on andrew : watch he friend and relative with sparkling eye and a weak , but grateful and peaceful smile . on joe : glancing across the room , catch Andrew 's look . Andrew smile at Joe and pat he hospital bed , indicate he want Joe to sit there . Joe cross the room , sit on the edge of the bed . with some difficulty , Andrew remove he oxygen mask . his voice be raspy , weak : andrew what do you call a thousand lawyer chain together at the bottom of the ocean ? joe what ? andrew a good start . Joe smile . andrew ( cont . ) excellent work , Joe . I thank you . joe it be good work with you , Andrew . you be welcome . ( see the oxygen mask ) hey . should not you put that thing back on ? Andrew begin fitting the mask back in place , but he hand be weak . Joe help adjust the strap behind Andrew 's ear . joe ( cont . ) I better get home . Lisa and I be have some friend over . andrew ( muffle by the mask ) sure thing . Joe stand . joe I will see you , beckett . Andrew nod , weakly . but he 's still smile and he eye be dance . andrew ( through mask ) thanks for come by . joe you bet . we will see you later . Joe head for the door , meeting miguel there . joe ( to miguel ) he 's look good . I would not be surprised if he get out of here soon . miguel we just want to get he home . thanks for stop by , Joe . miguel put he arm around Joe and hug he . Joe slap miguel 's back . joe night . Joe leave . miguel begin circulate among the " guest , " say : miguel he 's tired . he ought to sleep . continuous CUT to : joe stepping into the hospital elevator ( int . / night ) , and say to a group of doctor and nurse : joe what do you call a thousand lawyer chain together at the bottom of the ocean ? the elevator door close . continuous CUT to : andrew's hospital room ... Matt give Andrew 's hand a squeeze , before leave . matt night , Andy . see you tomorrow , buddy . Rev. Jim pat Andrew 's shoulder . rev . jim God bless you , Andy . Bud beckett kiss Andrew on the cheek . bud goodnight , son . get some rest , okay ? Sarah beckett be strong , kissing Andrew on the forehead . sarah goodnight angel , my sweet boy ... Randy beckett lose control of he emotion as he bend to hug he brother . he begin to sob . randy Andy . Andrew put he weak arm , with the iv line connect , around he brother Randy , to comfort he . andrew ( through mask ) I be okay , bro . I will see you tomorrow . Jill hug Andrew , give miguel a kiss as she leave the room . Maria wave goodnight from the doorway , close the door . miguel sit on the edge of the bed , kick off he shoe . miguel stretch onto the bed next to Andrew , pick up the remote control , and turn on the tv . Andrew pull aside the oxygen mask , to say : andrew I be ready ... miguel ready for what , baby ? andrew whatever . miguel I hope you be ready for " stud , " because that 's what 's on . Andrew replace the oxygen mask . they lie next to each other , watch television . fade out / fade in : exterior : joe' house at night , establishing ... from inside the house : the phone ring . CUT to : joe and lisa' dark bedroom , quiet ( int . / night ) ... Lisa be sit up in bed , have answer the phone . Joe be just waking up . lisa ( to Joe ) it 's miguel . Joe sit bolt upright . joe miguel ? CUT to : exterior : andrew and miguel' loft build , day . a taxi arrive and a elegant , well - dress older couple step out . CUT to : rachel open the door of the loft , finding miguel' family on the other side : very dignify , handsome people who have just arrive from Spain . they enter the apartment , where ... a wake be in progress . lot of food . people share storey about Andrew . some people laugh . one or two softly cry as they hug each other . someone have set up a " memento " table , with picture of Andrew at various stage of he life , and thing that mean something to he , like program from the opera , a ballcap , photo of he favorite cat , etc . theme music plays , but we hear bit of dialogue under the music ( " you be miguel 's parent ? " " do you remember when Andy ... " " I go to college with Andy ... " etc . ) Bud beckett sit alone , very quiet . miguel lead he parent over to Bud . Bud look up , rise , extend he hand to miguel' dad . miguel 's father shake he head in sadness , reach for Bud and pull he into he arm for a embrace . camera move through the crowd , seeming to search for something ... camera zeros in on the tv set , across the room , where black and white image be flickering , ignore by everyone ... as camera get closer to the tv , it become apparent that the image be black and white home movie , convert to video ... the home movie feature a bright - eye little boy ... Andrew ... Riding a bike with training wheel ... swing wildly at a wiffle ball ... as camera track into the tv , party sound and theme music fade ... people be still talk , still laugh , still cry , but we can't hear they any longer . instead ... we hear only the soundtrack from the home movie ... Andrew shout gleefully as he chase a new puppy ... Andrew squealing as he jump into a tiny swim pool ... Andrew on a swing , go higher and higher ... and laugh . fade to black . roll end credit . May we never find space so vast , planet so cold , heart and mind so empty that we cannot fill they with love and warmth ...