for you consideration 2013 philomena best writing ( adapted screenplay ) Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope ' philomena ' a screenplay by Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope base on the Book by Martin sixsmith int . church - night philomena sit at a pew in a largely empty church - there be two other worshipper dot about ; there be no service . she be look at a statue of madonna and child . a priest pass philomena and stop to talk . he be dress in a black sweater and dog collar rather than formal robe . priest hello philomena , have not see you for a while ? philomena I just come in to light a candle . priest someone special ? philomena yes . but she pointedly do not elaborate any further . the priest try to continue the conversation : priest how 's the new hip ? philomena it 's very good . it 's ti-tanium . priest oh , the bionic woman ... she smile , but he can see she 's not really in the mood for talk . priest ( cont ’d ) well , always nice to see you . he carry on . philomena return she gaze to the madonna and child . CUT to : int . mother barbara 's study - night mother barbara you be the cause of you shame . you and you own indecency . on young philomena 's face , petrified and ashamed . CUT to : int . church - night philomena stand before a row of dozen of little candle burn in socket . she put a pound coin in a box , take a candle and light it . she plant it in a socket and stare at the flame , emotional . we see she face through the flame , distort by the heat haze , and on this we ... CUT to : ext . funfair - night young philomena looking in the mirror , face distorted . we CUT this tighter , sharper ; we become aware of the young man coming up behind her and only use the line : JOHN I haven't see yous any place . where be you from . be you from limerick then ? CUT to : int . church - night before she leave the church , philomena dip she finger in Holy Water and bless herself . CUT to : ext . funfair - night young philomena and JOHN kiss passionately by the caravan . we see the toffee apple fall to the ground . CUT to : ext . jane 's house - night philomena be walk along a street at night , traffic swish past she , lose in thought . CUT to : int . mother barbara 's study - night mother barbara and did you enjoy you sin ? sister hildegard he got a awful lot for he toffee apple ... CUT to : ext . jane 's house - night philomena walk up to a front door and press the bell . on she face as she wait for it to be answer ... CUT to : int . roscrea - night a VIVID flash of young philomena enduring the agony of childbirth . sister anunciata I do not know how to do it ! CUT to : int . front room , jane 's house - night philomena sit in a armchair deep in think . the tv be on , but she be not listen . from she we ... CUT to : int . roscrea - night with a final scream the baby be born , held in the arm of a nun , her cross visible . CUT to : int . jane 's house - night jane enter , we carry on as before . except jane take the photo from philomena , rather than philomena offering it to her . black . under the black screen we start to fade up a voice : ROBERT ( v.o . ) «+ '' blood glucose fine . liver function , kidney function , normal ... CUT to : int . doctor' surgery - day martin sixsmith , mid -40s , sit listen to someone ( as yet unseen ) , as a series of test result be read out to he . ROBERT ( oov ) platelet count normal , haemoglobin level normal , blood pressure , 131 over 92 ... martin ( pounce on this ) be not that high ? now we see ROBERT , Martin 's doctor , mid -50s , chipper . caption : London , 2002 ROBERT look up from a folder of result he 's read and , familiar with Martin 's hypochondria , ignore the question . ROBERT Weight fine ... could do with lose a centimetre or two off you waist . stool sample outstanding ... martin finally perk up at this , raise he eyebrow , pleased with himself . ROBERT notice this ... ROBERT ( cont have ) no , that mean you have not provide one yet . martin oh right , yes . no , I have remember . ROBERT ( as he shut the file ) do you think it do not stink or something ? ( Little smile from martin ) there 's basically nothing wrong with you Martin . um ... do you run ? martin well ... I walk a lot . ROBERT try run . martin ( worried ) do I need to ? ROBERT I do it . good for you body and ... good for you head - kate say you think you be mildly depressed ? martin shrug . martin I get fire . I be unemployed . ROBERT but it be not you fault , be it ? martin that 's probably why I be depressed -— I be sack for say something I do not say ! silence . ROBERT try run - martin I say the exact opposite of what I be sack for ! another silence . ROBERT try a different tack : ROBERT what be you work on at the moment ? martin ( beat ) I be ... think of write a book . ROBERT that 's good . what about ? martin Russian history . ROBERT ( beat ) what make you think it 's depression and not just feel sorry for yourself ? silence . martin do not have to be Russian history - could be something else ... CUT to : ext . funfair , limerick - night nineteen year old philomena lee , pretty , dark haire , wear a lovely summer dress , that same crucifix glint in the sunshine . she pick she way wide - eye , through the crowd ; bright light , the air fill with noise and excitement . JOHN ( oov ) you look for something ? young philomena turn to see JOHN , early 20 , with a group of he friend by a beer tent , smile at she . young philomena no . she walk off , he follow . JOHN I have not see yous any place . where be you from ? JOHN follow she past the brightly coloured stall , still cradling he glass of beer . JOHN ( cont would ) be you from Limerick then ? young philomena stop by a hoop -la , excited by the attention but try to play it - at least a little - cool . JOHN ( cont would ) here have a drink of my beer . he hold out he beer . she shake she head . JOHN ( cont would ) go on take it - what 's the matter with you . she relent , take the glass from he and take a swig . she do not like the taste . JOHN ( cont would ) I like you dress . do you make it yourself ? young philomena ( indignant ) no I buy it in a shop . anyway , I auntie tell I I be not to talk to strange man like you . JOHN sure I be not strange . look at yer man over there ... he nod to a ruddy - face man , early 20 , ( declan ) , he ankle - swinger trousers tie up with string , buy a toffee apple from a stall and look at he purchase with reverence . JOHN ( cont would ) have a rope for a belt . he should put some jam on he shoe and invite he trousers down for tea . young philomena giggle . JOHN ( cont would ) that 's who you auntie be talk about . young philomena I would not mind a bite of he toffee apple . JOHN you want a toffee apple ? ( call out ) declan ! declan look over , smile , revealing one and a half tooth . JOHN ( cont would ) come over here . declan , a simple soul , dutifully troops over . JOHN ( cont would ) do you want this beer ? there 's about half a pint leave . declan nod enthusiastically . JOHN nod to the toffee apple , a single bite out of it . JOHN ( cont would ) I ' 1l swap you . CUT to : ext . funfair , limerick - night JOHN and young philomena kiss passionately in a gap between two stall , hide from view . JOHN brushes he hand down the side of she breast to she waist , then slip down to she bottom . the shot continue to she hand ; oov she moan softly ... she drop the toffee apple she 's hold . CUT to : int . front room , jane 's house - dusk close on philomena lee , a elderly irish lady , watch tv , the blue light play on the lense of she glass . though distract , distant with she thought , she be half pay attention to a news report on tv about the purchase , for forty nine and a half million pound , of a painting of by ruben - ' the slaughter of the innocent 's . her daughter jane , dark - haire , late 30 , enter in a hurry . she pull a coat over a outfit of black skirt and white top - ( like a receptionist in soho House might wear ) . jane right , just go up and turn they light out in half a hour . philomena do not she know you have get a proper job ? jane I be just help she out tonight - she 's short staff . the painting flash up on tv , depict bloody biblical carnage . philomena ( distract , talk to the tv not jane ) Fancy spend all that money on a God awful thing like that ? if it be I I have take everyone to the Brent Cross shopping centre and I have say you can have one thing , whatever you like - two thing . jane drop she key in she bag , she 's ready to go : jane so I will be back before midnight . okay ? philomena do not respond . jane ( cont would ) mum ? jane see she mother be look down at something in she hand . philomena and I would get myself a brand new Nissan Micro automatic ... jane mother ? she see philomena be clutching a small , old , black and white photo with serrate edge . she be late for work but begin to sense something be badly wrong . jane ( cont would ) what be it mum ? what 's the matter ? philomena look up at jane , tear in she eye . jane nod to the photo . jane ( cont would ) what 's that ? philomena 's hand start to shake as , slowly , she hold it up . philomena ( Voice barely a whisper ) it 's he birthday . he would have be fifty today ... jane ( beat ) who ? CUT to : int . delivery room , roscrea - night young philomena , she sweaty face contort as she scream out in agony . she lay back on a bed , leg in stirrup , in a improvise delivery room above the chapel . she 's in the advanced stage of labour - but there be complication . as two older nun look on impotently , wring they hand , she be attend by a young nun just a few year older than she . this be sister anunciata , pale , red-haire , terrify . she look at a pair of forcep in a metal bowl and know she should attempt to use they - but they seem monstrous , medieval . young philomena grab anunciata 's hand as another spasm grip she body . young philomena do not let they put he in the ground . it 's cold there ... it 's dark there ... anunciata extricate she hand and hurry away from the bed , leave young philomena frighten , distraught ... CUT to : int . dormitory , roscrea - night other inmate of roscrea , ' fall 's young girl like philomena , a couple of they obviously pregnant , kneel by they bed in prayer . they be watch over by mother barbara , mid-50s , kind - face , the most senior nun at roscrea . from upstairs they can hear philomena cry out in pain ; we see how frighten the young girl be , some in tear . mother barbara ( sooth voice ) pray girl . pray for the magdalen . as they whisper they prayer anunciata enter the dormitory and hurry up to mother barbara . anunciata reverend mother , please - we must get a doctor . the baby be the wrong way round , it 's breech . 10 . mother barbara be aware the young girl be listen intently . in that same , soothing voice , she reply : mother barbara it 's in God 's hand now . now we see the hardness in she , the darkness of she eye . mother barbara ( cont would ) the pain be she penance . it will help absolve she of she sin . CUT to : int . delivery room , roscrea - night young philomena thrashes about , delirious . the older nun can do no more than press wet cloth to she head . anunciata enter , look at young philomena in such pain . she see again the forcep on the side and cry out in anguish : anunciata I do not know how to do it ! mother Barbara 's word be in she head ... ' it 's in God 's hand now ’... but she cannot do it - she cannot just stand by and let the girl die . she pick up the forcep and plunge between young philomena 's leg . on the girl 's scream .. CUT to : int . mother barbara' study , roscrea -— day jump back to two month earlier . young philomena stand before mother barbara and young sister hildegarde , mother Barbara 's number two , thin -face , early 40s . ashame of she swollen , pregnant belly , she can barely meet they eye . young sister hildegarde do you let he put he hand on you ? young philomena ( beat , humiliate ) yes sister . mother barbara and do you enjoy that ? do you enjoy you sin ? young philomena do not answer . young sister hildegarde do you take you knicker down ? young philomena look at the two older woman , they eye boring into she . she be too petrify to answer . 11 . mother barbara answer sister hildegarde - do you take they down ? young philomena ( tear in she eye ) yes . young sister hildegarde settles back into she chair , turn sniffily to mother barbara : young sister hildegarde he get a awful lot for he toffee apple . young philomena oh reverend mother the sister at school never tell we anything about baby or ... the thing . mother barbara do you mother not tell you ? young sister hildegarde her mother die ten year ago . mother barbara oh , God rest she soul ... ( sudden venom ) but do not dare to blame the sister ! you be the cause of this shame . you and you indecency ! CUT to : int . delivery room , roscrea - night back to the birth . with the forcep and she strong finger , anunciata push and twist the tiny body inside young philomena , lie back , drench in sweat , moan in pain . finally , with a gush of pale red liquid onto the white sheet , anunciata pull out the baby 's head , drag a new life into God 's world . it 's over and anunciata , overcome with emotion , hold up the newborn baby to he mother . anunciata it 's a boy . she hand he to young philomena , who take he to she chest . young philomena I know . caption : roscrea , 1952 the door to the delivery room open . mother barbara stand in the doorway , take in the sight of young philomena cradling she baby . she make the sign of the cross . 12 . mother barbara thank the Lord . aware of mother barbara 's icy glare but bitter at she hypocrisy , anunciata be force to also make the sign . CUT to : ext . marion 's house - night to establish a white stucco-fronted georgian town house , bath in the golden sun of late evening . sfx sound of a party from inside . CUT to : int . marion 's house - night a drink party at a central London town house , a informal gather for journalist and New Labour type . waitress serve drink to guest . jane , worried , be serve canape ( or maybe she be go round with bottle of wine topping up glass ) . and now we reveal behind she martin , look ill at ease , wishing he be not there . david , a old friend , same age , chat with keith , 5as , and a woman , 40s , a no-nonsense look about she ( sally mitchell ) . david Martin ! martin force a smile and join they . david ( cont would ) ( gesture to keith ) keith you know . ( then to sally ) Sally Mitchell this be Martin sixsmith , use to be the BBC 's man in Moscow . martin and Washington . david and then become a spin doctor for the government , until it all go a bit tit up . be that a fair summation Martin ? david be not drunk but have obviously have a few drink . jane , serve , be all ear . 13 . martin yes . pretty much . I suppose if you shovel shit for long enough , you will end up with some on you shoe . they laugh politely . david yeh but you get it on you head - how do you manage that ? they laugh louder - martin too . martin yes , well , you have get to have a sense of humour about this thing . david what be you up to at the moment ? martin I be think of write a book . on Russian history . .? they look at he and no - one respond . horrible eggy moment . martin ( cont would ) or something else . might try go back to journalism - sally I remember you ! you be the one who send that terrible e-mail say - martin no I do not . common mistake . sally ( line overlap with he ) - it be a good day to bury bad news on 9/11 ... I think that be you ? martin no , that be someone else . what I actually do be , one year later , on the day of princess Margaret 's funeral , send a e-mail say let 's make sure the only thing we ' bury 's today - invert commas - be princess Margaret . david which be slightly different . 14 . martin it 's totally different . but the papers say it be another e-mail about bury bad news , nobody from the government defend I and ... I get royally fuck up the arse by a bunch of self interested spineless shit . sally ( sarcastic ) but you have still get a sense of humour about it ? martin ( defiantly ) yes . david well if you want to get back into journalism , talk to Sally . sally oh I just do , you know , sob storey , human interest stuff - not really you cup of tea be it . martin look at she awkwardly . it be not , but he do not want to say it be not . sally ( cont would ) but I 'il be happy to have a look if you want to push any idea my way ? martin yes ... please . to escape he embarrassment he walk over to jane , stand close by . martin ( cont would ) could I get a glass of ... pinot grigio please ? jane be obviously not in the mood for nicety : jane it 's just red or white . martin oh yes , sorry . White then please . but as she pour it , there be the first glimmer of recognition . she 's sure she 's see Martin before . 15 . jane I hope you do not mind I ask but do not you use to be a reporter on News at ten ? martin erm , I be the BBC 's correspondent yes , in Moscow and then Washington . jane I know a woman , you see , and she have a baby when she be a teenager and she keep it a secret for fifty year - we only find out about it today . and the baby be take from she by this nun and they make she have it adopt . and she keep it a secret all this time ... ( beat ) it 's my mother . martin yes I guess . jane would that be of any interest you to you - that kind of thing ? martin well , I be actually quite busy write a book at the moment . jane what about ? martin Russian history ... ( on she glaze reaction ) - which be actually fascinating . and what you be talk about be a human interest story , which I do not really do . jane why not ? he see , at the other end of the kitchen , sally mitchell , david and keith laugh with some other guest . martin because human interest tend to be a euphemism for storey about vulnerable , weak -mind , ignorant , people to fill up the page of newspaper read by vulnerable , weak - minded , ignorant people . ( suddenly realise how this sound ) ( more ) 16 . martin ( cont would ) not that you be and , um , I hope you find he ... he take he wine and walk off , take a swig . jane look totally nonpluss . CUT to : ext . notting hill - dawn take he doctor 's word to heart martin , up with the lark , jog along a desert street in a fade old ' spartak Moscow 's football jersey and short ( from he time there ) , and brand new white trainer . CUT to : int . westminster church - night a recital . a congregation watch a choir sing John taverner 's ' mother of god’ ; music fill the beautiful interior . martin sit with wife kate , petite , pretty , Scottish . next to she be ROBERT , Martin 's doctor , and he wife . whilst everyone else appear to be enjoy the music , martin be fidgety and distract , unable to take comfort or pleasure from it . CUT to : ext . westminster church - night sfx : the music continue over : martin be now outside ; a thoughtful , profile shot , breath condense in the cold air . int . bedroom - martin be house - night martin sit on the edge of he bed in he boxer and a t- shirt . behind he he wife kate finish moisturize she hand before take she dress gown off and get into bed . all the while we stay on martin , wrestle with himself . kate get into bed and see that martin have become freeze . martin ( finally ) I do not believe in God . and I do not know when I stop . a beat , then kate make she way over to he side of the bed , realise that she husband be deeply unhappy . she put she arm around he from behind , comforting he . 17 . martin ( cont would ) and I do not know why it bother I ... should I do a human interest story ? CUT to : int . harvester , ST . alban - day close up on a overweight mobile phone salesman pick through some rib . amongst other lunch time customer , all of whom be very probably not interested in Russian history , we find martin stand wait in the reception area , watch with faint disgust as the phone salesman lick he finger . martin look out of the entrance door , he face reflect in the glass . he look at he watch , ponder on why he 's here and not at all sure it 's a good idea . he glance out of the door again ... and he see she . philomena , walk across the car park towards he , jane by she side . his ghostly reflection in the glass be super- impose over she for a moment ... curiosity arouse , he strain to get a good look - but get only intermittent glimpsis as a couple car drive past on they way out of the car park . he note she 's dress smartly - presumably for he benefit - and look nervous . as she finally enter the restaurant he smile and step forward to greet she : martin hello I be Martin , you must be philomena . philomena hello Martin . they shake hand ; he note the crucifix around she neck , she in turn sneak a look at he as he greet jane . martin ( to jane ) hello again . he gesture into the restaurant . martin ( cont would ) table 's through here ... he start to lead they towards they table . martin ( cont would ) ( to jane ) sorry if I be a little rude the other night , catch I at a bad moment ... 18 . jane I be just glad you manage to track I down . hope you do not mind meeting here but it 's mum 's favourite . martin oh no it 's ... nice . they all sit down . martin ( cont would ) so how be you philomena ? philomena I be all right . I have a new hip last year Martin , it 's much better than the bone one I have before and it 's make of ti-tanium which be metal - but it do not rust . martin well if that happen you have have to have it oile like the tin man would not you . philomena oh be that right ? martin no no - I mean , like the wizard of oz. philomena turn to jane . philomena what do he mean ? jane he 's just joke mum . martin it be just a joke . no , actually my mother have advanced osteoarthritis in both she knee . philomena laugh out loud . jane realise that Martin be not now joke - and try to move the whole thing on . jane shall we get some salad ? CUT to : int . harvester , ST alban - day martin and philomena be at one end of the salad bar , jane at the other . 19 . philomena Jane 's the clever one in we family . she go to university as a mature student - you know , when you be quite old . where do you go Martin - oxbridge I 'il bet . martin Oxford yes . philomena I could tell you be not a duffer . martin ( helping himself to some salad ) be a while since I have be in a harvester . philomena do they not have they in London ? martin no I tend to go to a little local place , near where I live . philomena and where 's that ? martin knightsbridge . philomena oh well that 'il be expensive . she sprinkle some bacon bit and crouton on she salad . suddenly , philomena ( cont would ) I like this little bit of toast on mine ... ( beat ) and be you marry Martin ? martin yes . I be . I have a wife , kate . philomena well that 's good . that 's grand ... philomena reach out and put she hand on he . philomena ( cont would ) I do love he , you know ... CUT to : 20 . int . baby 's dormitory - day ( formerly scene 22 ) a long line of baby in cot . two nun tend over they . philomena ( v.o. ) I disappear from the world . my family do not visit I , and out of shame my father tell everyone that I be dead . after you have have you baby you have to stay in the Abbey for four year , totally cut off from the outside world . in order to repay the sister for take you in , you have to work . the sheer number of infant , they cot line up with military precision , drive home the message about roscrea : that it be a place that deal in baby . CUT to : int . laundry , roscrea —- day the Abbey laundry ; swirl steam , clatter noise . watched over by young sister hildegarde and two other nun , ' fall 's girl work load clothing and bedding into boil tub of water ; or put wet laundry through huge mangle then hang it out to dry on overhead line . philomena ( v.o. ) the worst job be in the laundry , and that 's where they put I . I work there seven day a week , the whole time I be there . they take in wash from mile around and charge for the service . we be not pay a penny . I work there with my best friend Kathleen . we find young philomena amongst they , dress in a shapeless pinafore , work over a boil tub . next to she be kathleen , a pale face young woman of roughly the same age . it 's arduous , physically demand work and young philomena and kathleen , though wear out , try to keep each other 's spirit up with smile of encouragement . scene deleted ( scene 17 now 21b ) 21 . int . corridor . roscrea - day young philomena , kathleen and three other girl from the laundry , have finish they shift , hurry along a corridor . they pass mother barbara , go in the opposite direction . philomena ( v.o. ) we be allow to see we child for a hour a day , that be all . mother barbara walk do not run ! the girl immediately slow , walk round the next corner . CUT to : int . day nursery , roscrea . day . the girl come into the nursery , walk towards camera . Big smile on they face , they crouch and hold they arm out . as we hold on they , from behind camera , five little child , age between two and three , rush past we into they mother 's arm . we pick out young philomena ... she little boy ANTHONY , dark - haire , now three - the same age as the photo - run into she arm . she hug he tight , swinging he around , totally in love . CUT to : int . day nursery , roscrea — dusk a little later . young philomena be sit with kathleen . they watch ANTHONY fly a toy aeroplane and hold the hand of Kathleen 's little daughter mary , age two , as they walk about together . the little girl reach to take Anthony 's aeroplane and he let she , without protest . she fly it about , just like he do . philomena ( v.o. ) Anthony be best friend with Kathleen 's daughter Mary - he have even let she fly he little toy aeroplane . true love ! the two of they be inseparable . the mother and child be watch over by anunciata and another nun , sit together . young philomena and anunciata exchange a secret smile - but she can not talk to she whilst the other nun be there , it 's not allow . young philomena ( to kathleen ) look at that , he will not let she out of he sight . kathleen do not answer ; young philomena see she be anxious , worried . 22 . young philomena what 's the matter ? kathleen ( in a sudden rush ) oh phil the girl in the kitchen say mother Barbara have Mary up at the house today - what do you think she want with she ? young philomena 's turn this over in she mind , but present a comforting face to she kathleen . young philomena I be sure it 's nothing to worry about kath . philomena ( v.o. ) we live with it every day . who 's child would be take next ? young philomena see the other nun leave the room , and seize the opportunity to go and talk to anunciata . young philomena ( to kathleen ) I will not be a minute . she go over to anunciata , sit down next to she and talk in a quiet voice : young philomena Kathleen 's worried sick . she think they be go to take Mary away from she . I say if they be go to do that they have tell she first for sure ... anunciata be catch between a rock and a hard place . she 's just a young girl herself , and she do not know how to deal with the enormity of what she know will happen to most of the girl at the abbey . so she clumsily try to move the conversation on , and pull something from she robe . anunciata ( keeping she voice down ) I get something for you phil , but you can not tell anyone about it . she hand young philomena a small , black and white photograph . she gasp : it be of Anthony , clutching he aeroplane , look shyly at the camera . anunciata he 's grow up so fast . young philomena oh thank you ... 23 . anunciata ( cont would ) I will bet he father be handsome . young philomena he be . how do you ... [ get this ] anunciata ( beat ) I borrow a box brownie and take it when reverend mother be not look . CUT to : scene deleted ( now part of sc . 19 ) int . harvester , ST alban - day philomena , now at the table with martin and jane , hold the same photo , the one Jane see she clutching the night she finally confess all , now in a small leather case . philomena pass it to martin , who study it . philomena whenever I look at that , I think about Anthony but I say a little prayer for anunciata , who save he life when I give birth to he . she die a long time ago ... if she have not take that , I have have nothing . martin so ... you be just trap there the whole time ? philomena the only way you could leave be if you pay they a hundred pound . but where would I get that kind of money ? and where would I go ? on philomena , we ... CUT to : int . laundry , roscrea - day young philomena be back at work in the laundry . philomena ( v.o . ) it happen about a week later . I remember that day so clearly . as she start to heave a heavy laundry bag over to a tub she hear , outside , sfx tyre crunching on gravel . at this sound the girl exchange look , a feel of dread settling over they . kathleen start to shake with fear . 24 . philomena ( v.o . ) we all know what it mean when a big car arrive . Kathleen be inconsolable . she know this time they have come for Mary . young philomena look around and see that , temporarily , young sister hildegarde and one of the other nun have disappear - there be only one nun leave , who have she back to she . young philomena abandon she duty and cross to a small basement window high up in the wall . stand on tiptoe , she see , beyond a hedge , a dread shiny black limousine drive past . kathleen look up at she piteously , pleadingly . young philomena catch the eye of another girl , who shake she head - ' do not do it ...’ - but ignore she and , check that the nun be still distract , quickly dart through a back door . CUT to : ext . courtyard , roscrea - day ( formerly scene 17 ) 21b young philomena emerge alone into a small courtyard , cross to the far side and peer through some gate fencing she off from the outside world . foliage half obscure some well - heele figure get out of the limousine - a thirty - something woman in a fur coat and a man in a cashmere coat and homburg hat . philomena ( v.o . ) as soon as I see they lovely clothes , and mother Barbara so happy and smile , I know all hope be go . she watch as they be greet at the main entrance by a fawn and uncharacteristically gregarious mother barbara . then , from behind : young sister hildegarde ( v.o. ) come away from there ! she turn , scald , and there be young sister hildegarde . young sister hildegarde what be you do out here ? young philomena I ... I have a stomach ache , sister hidegarde . it 's my time of the month . young sister hildegarde well ... you be not unique in that regard . put you mind to you work and it 'il pass . 25 . philomena retreat miserably to the laundry - she now know all hope have go for Kathleen . CUT to : scene deleted ( scene 22 now scene 15a ) scene deleted int . dormitory , roscrea - day later that afternoon . young philomena be buttone up she pinafore as she stand at a window . philomena ( v.o. ) Kathleen cry so hard they take she to the sick bay and give she brandy . but she fate be seal . young philomena look down through the window and we ... CUT to : .+. she Pov . from she vantage point she look down across a courtyard , through a window , into the nursery . she can see little mary but , because of the angle she be look down from and the height of the window frame , she can only see the bottom halve of four adult who surround the little girl . mother barbara and young sister hildegarde - identifiable from they unflatter skirt and shoe - be present mary to the couple we see earlier , the woman recognizable from she fur coat and heel ; the man from he press trousers and polished shoe . mary look up at they wide - eye , frighten . friend ( oov ) phil , it 's choir practice . young philomena linger on the scene below for a few more moment , horribly fascinate . friend ( oov ) you 'il be in trouble if you do not go ... reluctantly , young philomena turn and follow the friend out . but we stay on the view and see what she miss : ANTHONY run into shot , hold mary 's hand and look up at the adult . philomena ( v.o. ) they have only come for Mary . but Anthony would not let she out of he sight . they be inseparable , you see ... 26 . the woman crouch down to ANTHONY 's level and touch he face tenderly . but , because she have she back to we , we still do not see she face . we do not need to , she simply represent money . a customer . the woman take the hand of both child and lead they away . over this we hear , income from the next scene , the choir singing ... CUT to : int . chapel , roscrea - day young philomena sing in the chapel . she be with other magdalen girl on one row of pews ; the nun , strictly segregated on another row , face they . philomena ( v.o. ) normally , I love to sing - it be one of the only thing I enjoy at that place . but all I could think about be poor Kathleen . we can see young philomena 's heart be not in it , she expression far off , she mind elsewhere . she see anunciata enter the chapel and take she place with the nun . she catch she friend 's eye and manage to throw she a smile . but anunciata , hollow -ey , be unable to return it . young philomena see tear in she friend 's eye - she 's cry ? assume she must also be upset about Kathleen , young philomena carry on as the hymn build to a crescendo . but now a magdalen girl enter the chapel and hurry to join the other . she push through until she 's next to young philomena , then urgently whisper in she ear . the blood drain from young philomena 's face ; panic-stricken she push she way to the end of the pew . anunciata watch she go , agonize expression . CUT to : ext . convent - day young philomena run from the chapel along a curving wall . CUT to : int . convent - day young philomena run through a door and up two flight of stair as fast as she can , hyperventilate . she turn into a room . CUT to : 27 . int . SMALL room - day a window : young philomena climb up so she can see through the clear glass . CUT to : her Pov . outside the front door , ANTHONY and mary be shepherd into the big shiny car by mother barbara . the man 's face be obscure as he get into the driver 's seat ; the woman , still with she back to we , shake hand with mother barbara . ANTHONY be wear a smart , sky blue woollen coat and clutches he tin aeroplane . CUT to : ext . convent front door - day from down on the ground look up , we hear young philomena 's muffle scream : young philomena Anthony ! we see she bang on the window . ANTHONY look round as if he hear something , before climb into the car . CUT to : int . car , outside convent front door - day ANTHONY look through the rear window of the car , he eye be scan . he do not see young philomena at the upper floor window , bang and scream inaudibly . CUT to : int . corridor / stairwells , roscrea - day young philomena be now overtaken by animal instinct . she be a lioness in headlong flight , determine to save she young . in a frenetic , taut sequence she leap down flight of stair , along a corridor and out through a door . her focus absolute . CUT to : ext . courtyard - day young philomena burst into the courtyard only to see the tail light of the shiny car disappear from sight over a rise . she be too late . she stare after it , then sink to she knee on the gravel drive , weep . Anthony be go . she cry out in utter anguish , a shriek from deep inside she . CUT to : 28. young sister hildegarde , inside the Abbey , look out upon hearing this cry and see the distraught , break young philomena . the older woman digest the scene for a moment , then callously move on . CUT to : young philomena sink to she knee in the courtyard , sobbing uncontrollably , surround by brightly coloured flower bed , alone in she grief . philomena ( v.o. ) he be wear a beautiful blue duffel coat , that 's what I remember most of all ... CUT to : scene deleted scene deleted scene deleted scene deleted CUT to : int . harvester , ST alban - day martin and jane watch philomena , spellbound . martin have a pad open and have be make note as they talk . philomena I could not have give he a coat like that . jane I think what they do to you be evil . philomena no I do not like that word . martin no - evil 's good . ( they stare at he ) Story wise . he jot down more note in he pad . philomena some of they be nice . jane it be a breech birth and they would not even give she painkiller . 29 . martin great ... again - story wise . ( try to move on ) so can we go and talk to this nun ? jane you can try , maybe you 's 1ll have more luck than mum 's have . philomena I have be several time over the year to ask where he be . they be very helpful - it 's not like it use to be . they say they would try and trace he for I . martin but they have not ? jane no. philomena can you help I find he Martin ? martin ( shut he pad ) well , it 's certainly a interesting story . jane I be take mum to Ireland next week for a few day - why do not you come along with we and you can visit roscrea with she ? philomena oh yes there 's plenty of room - it 's a vauxhall cavalier . martin oh no , it 's no problem , I will ... I will fly over . slightly embarrassed smile . CUT to : ext . chicago airport - day [ super 8 footage ] no SOUND . December 1955 . ANTHONY , 3 , and little mary , descend the step of a Pan be constellation aircraft . the jerky image show they set foot on the tarmac . ANTHONY be wear the blue coat and clutching he plane . he hold hand with mary , both of they look forlorn . 30 . we be aware of they be line up so that somebody ( out of shot ) can take a photo of they . CUT to : scene deleted CUT to : ext . CO . tipperary - day the soft , roll field of the irish countryside . a BMW 5 - series speed along a country road . in the distance , high hill . CUT to : int . BMW , CO . tipperary - day martin look at the scenery with interest as it flash past ; shiny modern bungalow intersperse with the occasional abandon stone cottage ; the scar of Ireland 's past . CUT to : int . BMW / ext . birr high STREET - day martin negotiate a bend and enter the village of birr . the little High Street be typically irish , the shop front paint in bright blue , orange , pink and turquoise . at a cross-road beside molloy 's bar , obviously a prearrange rendezvous point , stand philomena and jane . he pull up alongside they and jane open the door . philomena / jane hello Martin . martin hello , sorry I be a little late . jane help philomena into the passenger seat . martin ( cont would ) bit of trouble with the hire car . philomena ( as she get in ) oh it 's lovely , be not it Jane . I can see why you would not want to squash up with we in the cavalier . martin it be not that it be just ... hada few thing to do . jane be you sure you do not want I to come with you mum ? 31 . see martin , slightly panic-stricken . martin you be not come ? philomena no - I tell Jane we will be fine on we own , just the two of we , be not that right Martin . martin ( fix smile ) yes. Fine . jane I have put some thing in you bag . philomena start to look through she bag , pull out a packet custard cream and a tube of tune . jane ( cont would ) good luck , I 'il see you tonight . ( smile for martin ) thanks Martin . martin return the smile , jane shut the door . he pull away . CUT to : ext . tipperary countryside . day . philomena what kind of car be this ? martin it 's a BMW . philomena that 's german . ( beat , open a packet ) would you like a tune Martin ? martin ( try to make a joke ) if I hum it , will you play it ? she obviously do not get it . philomena no , would you like a tune ? he decide to let it go . martin thank you . he take a tune from the pack , unwrap it and pop it in he mouth . 32 . as he 's do this , philomena take a St. Christopher from the bag and hang it on the vent in the dash board ; martin watch as she pat it . philomena for good luck . martin he be always my favourite Saint , Christopher . ( Little smile ) resisting that two beautiful woman send to tempt he . philomena do you believe in God Martin ? martin well , where do you start . that 's a very difficult question to answer , be not it ... erm ... do you ? philomena yes . CUT to : int . BMW . roscrea abbey . day the two of they suck tune as they enter roscrea , the Abbey get closer . martin sneak a look at philomena but she do not appear to be unduly anxious . the car come up the drive . CUT to : ext . roscrea abbey - day the BMW pull up outside the Abbey building and martin help philomena out . they gaze up : the Abbey look cleaner , somehow more sterile - but it 's still the same oppressive , pebble - dash monolith set in acre of ground . martin you all right ? philomena I be fine . philomena lead the way up to the front door . she pause for a moment outside : philomena ( cont have ) I be one of the lucky one Martin . some of the mother and baby do not even survive the childbirth . 33 . as we see this hit home with martin , philomena press the buzzer and , after a few moment , a young african nun - dress much less formally than she 1950s counterpart in a blue sweater and white blouse - open the door . young nun can I help you ? philomena I be philomena Lee . I make a appointment . young nun oh yes come in philomena . philomena and this be my friend Martin sixsmith News at ten . young nun oh , hello . martin ( as they enter ) BBC news actually , but not any more . CUT to : int . meeting room , roscrea —- day they be show into a formal room reserve for sister Claire 's official meeting , with a low table and chair . there be some iconography prominent on the wall , include some madonnas and a wooden crucifix with a brightly paint figure of Jesus in red loin cloth , blood pour from stigmata wound and a sword wound to he side . young nun sister Claire will be with you shortly . would you like some tea ? martin oh yes please . philomena yes please . can I use the bathroom ? young nun it 's down stair on - philomena I know where it be . 34 . philomena leave . martin look around , take everything in - intrigue by some frame photograph of the Abbey ' then and now 's on a section of wall . CUT to : scene 39 deleted CUT to : int . window - day philomena retrace she step from all that year ago , climb some stair and stand at the window where she last see she child , fifty year before . CUT to : int . meeting room , roscrea - day martin be look at the photo on the wall ... a head and shoulder photo from the early 60 of mother Barbara and young sister hildegarde on the Abbey step , starch wimple , crucifix around they neck ; a nun hold a baby ; two nun tend row of cot ( as in scene 22 ) . CUT to : ext . courtyard , roscrea - day close up : philomena , stare straight ahead . we stay on she for a while , she face set and thoughtful . then we ... CUT to : «+. what she 's look at : that same view from the courtyard she have fifty year ago . in she mind 's eye , it be just like it be yesterday , the car carry Anthony disappear from view over the rise . CUT to : int . meeting room - day . martin move on to a Hollywood publicity photo of the movie star Jane Russell , busty and glamorous , look incongruous amongst the fade picture of nun and child . the photo be sign : ' with much love 's . on martin , puzzle . CUT to : 35 . int . laundry . day . philomena stand look at the room where the laundry use to be . behind she the window where she climb up and see the posh car drive past . CUT to : int . meeting room , roscrea —- day martin be be nosy , look round the room . he stand at a bay window and can see , through a window on the other side of a courtyard , in a corridor on the other side of a courtyard they overlook , a very old nun stand with two stick , stare at he ( in fact , this be sister hildegarde - though we do not know this yet ) . sister claire ( oov ) hello , I be sister Claire . startle , he turn round . sister claire be mid -40s , kind - face . she smile cheerfully ; he eye flick to the crucifix she also wear . martin oh , hello ... he gesture back to the photo on the wall , try to divert she attention away from what he 's be look at . martin ( cont would ) just admire you picture of jayne mansfield . sister claire no that 's Jane Russell . jayne mansfield be the blonde one . martin of yes of course , I mean they be both very big - I mean the two of they , they be huge . they career . he can not stop himself glance down at sister claire 's bust . martin ( cont would ) which one die in the car crash ? sister claire jayne mansfield , yes . martin she be decapitate be not she ? sister claire I do not know the detail . I be sure it be horrible . 36 . martin why be she on the wall ? sister claire sorry , I do not catch you name ? martin Martin sixsmith . philomena enter the wait area . philomena ( brightly ) he 's Martin sixsmith , News at ten . martin BBC news actually . but I be not with they any more . sister claire hello philomena , very nice to meet you - ah , here 's the tea . the young nun lay some tea thing and a plate of fruit bread down in front of they and leave . as sister claire set the tea and plate , martin manoeuvre himself back to the bay window , sneak a look sideways and see the Old nun ( sister hildegarde ) be still there . sister claire ( cont would ) now I be try to find in we record the last time you come to see we philomena ? philomena it be well before you time sister Claire . mother Barbara have pass away and I speak to sister hildegarde on the telephone - but when I come here she be not well enough to see I . sister claire she 's still with we , but she 's very frail now . she lay plate in front of philomena and martin . philomena oh look Martin butter brack . have some . martin help himself to a slice ; he take a bite . martin very tasty . it 's a bit like a sort of a pandolce , be not it ? 37 . they just stare at he . philomena it 's fruit bread Martin . martin yes , no it 's ... yes that 's lovely . sister claire well now - I do not know if they tell you last time philomena , but most of we record be destroy in the big fire - martin Fire ? sister claire - it be before my time . so I be afraid we be at a standstill . philomena oh ... sister claire I have no news . I be so sorry we can not help you . we can see how much of a blow this be to philomena , how much she would build herself up . philomena yes. yes ... the room fall silent . martin watch as philomena start to speak , quietly at first but building in emotion . philomena ( cont have ) I still go to mass ... I do not want to cause any fuss or point the finger at anyone , or blame the church in any way . I just want to know that he 's all right - I do not even have to see he . sometimes I have vision of he and he 's homeless and nobody love he ... sister claire ( take philomena 's hand ) philomena we can not take away you pain , but we can walk through it with you , hand in hand . martin what about some of the older nun ? perhaps they might remember a few detail ? 38 . sister claire most of they have pass on . martin what about the one that have not ? sister claire well I do not think you 'il get much sense out of they . martin can I try ? he sneak another look and see a curtain be draw by someone in front of hildegarde , so he can no longer see inside the room . sister claire I do not think that 's go to be possible . martin why not ? sister claire I be happy to answer any question that philomena have . martin I be ask a question . sister claire you be a journalist . martin I use to be , certainly . philomena Martin 's a Roman Catholic . martin yes ... well , I use to be . sister claire I would feel more comfortable if I could speak to philomena in private . martin have rather enjoy - for this brief moment - be a journalist again . but , on catch philomena 's worried expression - she hate confrontation - he rein it back in . a beat then , politely : martin of course . 39 . he get up and walk out . CUT to : int . gift shop area - day martin shut the door behind he , quietly seethe at sister Claire 's obfuscate . he wander over to the gift shop stand and idly finger a little plastic Jesus for a few moment - but he mind be elsewhere . check he 's not be observe , he cross to some double door and peer through they and see the Old nun ( hildegarde ) , on she stick , silhouett against the light from the open door behind she . her eye seem to meet he ; she expression inscrutable . martin smile . he reach to open the door . then , from the staircase behind he : young nun ( oov ) hello - can I help you ? martin spin round to see the young nun . martin sorry , I be just erm ... young nun be you look for something ? he turn back , just as the door shut ; sister hildegarde be go , the light from the room extinguish . the momentary open close . martin ( point to the door ) be that , erm ..? young nun that be private quarter . martin right . ( beat ) I all wait outside ... CUT to : ext . roscrea abbey - the wall with cross . day martin be stand in a little graveyard with neatly tend row of iron cross . as he walk along the grave he realise from the inscription , ( sister theresa , sister Margaret ... ) , that nun from the Abbey be bury here . curious , he walk along until he find mother Barbara 's grave , and note she die on July 20th , 1990 . CUT to : 40 . ext . roscrea abbey - day the young nun see a pale - face philomena to the front door . philomena clutches a manila envelope . philomena thank you , and would you thank sister Claire again for I . young nun Goodbye philomena . the young nun disappear back inside , shutting the door behind she and leave philomena alone . CUT to : ext . roscrea abbey - bramble area . day the bit between he tooth , martin climb over a low fence into a small enclose area adjacent to the nun 's graveyard which be thoroughly overgrown with weed , bush and bramble . he crouch down , peer through the tangle and can just make out a headstone . use he foot and hand he clear away the overgrowth around it until he can see it properly and read the inscription : ' Maria gidney 's , a young woman who die in 1962 age 16 , with underneath : ' mother and child die in childbirth 's ... jump CUT to : he use a stick to clear away bracken from another headstone , he read : ' aisl devlin’ , who die in 1957 age only 14 . and again , underneath : ' mother and child die in childbirth 's . he stand up , survey the overgrown graveyard and the nun 's graveyard next to it , and the think hit he : ' why be the grave of the nun beautifully tend , and yet the grave of the mother and child abandon and overgrown ? 's CUT to : ext . roscrea abbey - day martin hurry back to he car , where philomena be wait for he . martin sorry I be just have a look around ... ( see she expression ) be you okay ? philomena , obviously upset , do not reply ; she just want to get into the car as quickly as possible . CUT to : 4l. int . BMW , roscrea - day philomena sit stare ahead . martin do not start the car . martin what do she say to you ? philomena ( Long beat ) she say you be a journalist and you be try to manipulate I and I should be careful what I say to you . she open she bag , take out the manila envelope , hand it to martin . philomena ( cont would ) and she give I this . martin do you want I to open it ? again she do not reply . he open it , take out a single sheet of paper - obviously a photocopy . he scan it . martin ( cont would ) it 's a contract ... sign by you , in 1955 . ( reading from it ) they have highlight part of it ... ( quote ) ' I hereby relinquish full claim forever to my say child - philomena take up the passage , quote verbatim from memory . philomena ( take over ) - say child Anthony Lee , and I further undertake never to attempt to see , interfere with or make any claim to the say child at any future time ... 's silence . philomena ( cont have ) I all never find he . martin if they coerce you in any way to sign that piece of paper we can challenge they legally . 42 . philomena ( with a heavy heart ) no- one force I Martin . I sign of my own free will . ext . garden , no SOUND . a age eight , little boy . back garden with a hose . CUT to : ST louis - day [ super 8 footage ] summer 's day , 1960 . ANTHONY be grow up . now he be no longer recognisable as philomena 's he have a family and older brother . he be in the with they - two of they be spraying each other ANTHONY be hold a baseball bat ; a ball be toss to he , he take a huge swipe and miss . CUT to : ext . countryside - dusk the BMW be park by a dry stone wall ; martin and philomena be walk countryside back up a field towards the car . gently roll and green field lead to some high hill . martin funny be not it , how every piece of paper that might be able to help you have be destroy . but guess what ? the one piece of paper design to stop you from find he have be lovingly preserve . God in his infinite wisdom decide to spare that from the flame . philomena I sign it because I believe I would commit a terrible sin Martin , and I have to be punish . and ... what make it so much worse , be that I enjoy it . martin what ? philomena the sex . he turn to face she . philomena ( cont have ) oh , it be wonderful . I think I be float on air . he be so handsome and the way he hold I in he arm and - well I do not even know I have a clitoris Martin . martin really ? 43 . philomena and after I have the sex , I think anything that feel so lovely must be wrong . martin ( mutter ) Fucking Catholic . ( realize what he 's say ) sorry . she smile . philomena I spend thirty year as a nurse , I have hear worse than that . martin it 's just that , why would God bestow on we a sexual desire which he then want we to resist ? be it some weird game that he 's invent to alleviate the boredom of be omnipotent ? baffles I ... and I think I be pretty clever . they fall quiet ; she stare out at the view . philomena well maybe you be not . he look at she ; smile to himself at how sharply she give as good as she get . CUT to : scene deleted int . bar , guest house - night jane walk in to the bar to find martin and philomena sit on stool at the bar , look a little glum . she have a sherry in front of she , he a pint of guinness - both almost finish . jane how do it go ? martin what , from the sister of Little mercy ? jane ( laugh ) just tea and cake then . that 's all they have ever give mum . 44 , philomena it be not they fault Jane , they have a fire and all the record be lose . the barman put a new glass of sherry in front of philomena . jane no more please - it 's past you bedtime . martin there 's get to be some other way of approach this - philomena pick up the sherry . jane mum ! philomena well he 's pour it now . jane roll she eye ; philomena knock it back in two gulp . philomena ( cont would ) night Martin . martin good night philomena . night Jane . they exchange a smile , then they leave . martin reflect on thing for a few moment . the barman , early 40s , put another pint of guinness down in front of he , martin run a finger down the side of it . barman be up to the Abbey ? martin yes . yes , it 's obviously change a lot . different nun there now , not the same one they have when the magdalen girl be there . from out the back : mum ( oov ) they be all go now ! martin flick a look in the direction the voice come from , but the barman ignore it . barman we have have a few stay here , try to find what happen to they son or daughter . ( more ) 45 . barman ( cont would ) there 's not many of they get any joy from there . martin I imagine that 's because of the fire ? the one that destroy everything ? barman I be sure it be . martin how do that start - do you know ? barman I should think they put a match to it . martin who ? barman the sister . sure they have a great fire out the back in the field . martin so ... the building be not damage ? barman they have a fuckin’ big bonfire , burnt all the record . thousands of ‘em . martin why ? barman this be year ago . I suppose they be embarrassed about sell all they baby to America . from out the back again : mum ( oov ) they do not want people tell tale . barman that 's I mother . martin you say they be sell to Americans ? barman a lot of the yank come over to Ireland to look for baby . ( more ) 46 . barman ( cont would ) they be the only one who could afford they . mum ( oov ) a thousand pound . now the mum emerge from the back ; she 's mid-60s , stout . mum ( cont would ) Jane Russell buy a baby . from derry , in 1952 . martin that 's unbelievable ... baby be sell ? mum they say she come in here and ask for bourbon but they have to give she a glass of paddy instead . but I be not one to repeat gossip . martin no , no ... I can see that . as she say this martin find he eye rest on a ' madonna and child 's above the optic . martin ( cont would ) so how do they decide who get a baby ? mum if you be a Catholic with a thousand pound you could buy a baby . Jane Russell buy one to take home with she . but my lip be seal on the subject ... CUT to : int . martin 's room , guest house - dawn martin work at he computer . CUT to : ext . countryside - dawn martin have go for another jog , by the dry stone wall and field with the distant high hill from earlier . he seem energize this morning , bound along like a spring lamb . CUT to : 47 . int . martin 's room , guest house - dawn martin pace around he chintzy little room speak on he mobile . martin «+. yes , well you say to give you a ring if I find something Sally , and it just fall into my lap really . he sit on the edge of a cheap attempt at a four-poster bed , ducking under the burgundy fringe hang from it . martin ( cont would ) hope it 's not too late but I have get myself pretty fire up - I think there be some interesting theme , people trace they family tree ... the whole irish diaspora ... CUT to : int . sally office - day Sally Mitchell have a glass fronted office look out onto a hi-tech , open -plan newsroom dot with journalist work the night shift . sally be pour herself a coffee from a percolator as she speak to Martin ; from the paper and memo scattered across she desk it 's be a busy day . sally do not use word like diaspora Martin . I can not spell it and people do not know what it mean . [ intercut between this two scene ] martin well , it just mean - sally no no - I be genuinely not interested in what it mean . she pour two sugar sachet into she coffee . sally ( cont would ) who be the goody , who be the bad ? her direct manner wrong foot he for a moment . 48 . martin erm ... okay , it 's about a little old irish lady , retire nurse , try to find she baby son who be take ... rip away from she at birth , by ... ( suddenly come to he ) «+. evil nun . sally look around for a stirrer , can not find one so use she finger . sally so how do it end ? ( before he can answer ) - and it 's get to be really happy or really sad . what I do not want be some in - the-middle bullshit , yeh ? martin well ... what I have suggest be a emotional reunion . it will cost a little bit in flight and hotel , but we win either way . we find out he 's the chairman of IBM , or he 's a hobo - hooray or boo-hoo - do not matter . ' the year melt away as a fifty year silence be break with two simple word : ' hello mum ’.’ I could write it now . sally I do not know you be so cynical . martin I have be practise . sally ( pause to sip she coffee ) okay , do it . martin ( not quite believe it ) really ? sally my assistant will call tomorrow to make the arrangement - and no bar bill . martin thanks Sally , I really appreciate ... he realise she 's already hang up . but he smile to himself , nonetheless . CUT to : 49 , int . breakfast room , guest house - day philomena , martin and jane sit at a table have breakfast . martin , now in full - on journalist mode , have he laptop open and consult a a4 pad full of scrawle note . martin - I be almost certain that Anthony be take to America after he be adopt . the Abbey seem to have deal exclusively with american customer . jane customer ? what do you mean ? martin ( take a sip of he tea ) they be the only one who could afford the fee . she still look confuse so martin clarifies thing . martin ( cont would ) Anthony be sell . jane ( outrage ) but ... that 's appall . philomena they be try to give hima better life . jane they be make money out of he ! a beat ; they be all silent for a moment . martin take a bite of he soda bread . martin I get through to the Sacred heart adoption Society in cork first thing this morning , but they just refer I to the irish adoption board , who refer I back to the Sacred heart adoption Society . jane send you round in circle ! martin yes - but I speak to a few contact from my Washington day last night , and there be avenue that can be pursue there . ( more ) 50 . martin ( cont would ) the stumbling block , of course , be that I can only get so far do thing on you behalf philomena . but as you be he mother , they be duty bound to provide you with the information . silence . philomena and jane absorb this for a few moment . jane be you suggest my mother go to America with you ? martin ( nervous , but try to sound ' casual 's ) if she want to . my editor have agree to pay for flight and hotel for the two of we . jane ( turn to philomena ) how would you feel about that , go to America ? philomena I do not know . martin can not resist a little bit of salesmanship . martin all I would say be it 's a amazing opportunity philomena . philomena turn this over in she mind . she look at jane ; then martin . jane I could come with you if you like ? philomena no no no - you have get you work . I be more worried about Martin go all that way with a daft old irish lady like I . martin I do not think you be daft ... or old . philomena oh go ’way with you . martin well maybe a little bit . he say this as a joke but it do not land quite as he intend - philomena look a little offended for a moment . 51 . philomena I would like to go . I want to know if he 's ever think about I , ' cos I have think about he every day ... out on martin , silently euphoric . CUT to : int . check -in , stansted airport - day we establish the busy concourse : noise , movement , bustle . amongst this we find philomena and martin at a check - in desk . martin be heaving they case onto the conveyor belt . check-in operator can I have you passport please ? martin produce he passport from he jacket ; philomena search for hers in she wheelie . check-in operator ( cont would ) do you pack you baggage yourself ? martin yes . philomena no . ( they both look at she ) my daughter help I . check-in operator ( move on ) and have anybody ask you to carry any item with you on board ? martin no. philomena no. ( beat ) well , yes . the check-in operator look up . philomena ( cont have ) but the person who ask I be know to I . and the item be non ... explosive . martin have Jane give you some custard cream ? she nod ; martin turn to the check -in operator . 52 . martin ( cont would ) they be just some biscuit from she daughter . the check-in operator start to print off they ticket . martin speak quietly to philomena . martin ( cont would ) there be certain key word in airport that can be quite ... alarming . erm , gun , bomb , hostage , Allah akbar . and ... explosive , I would say , be definitely one of that word . philomena even if you say , ' non explosive 's ? martin even then . CUT to : int . hess house , ST louis - day [ super 8 footage ] no SOUND . 1962 . close - up , blurry image , of a sparkler fizzing away in the darkness ; we see nothing else . the cake be carry through to the dining table , ten candle be light on it as it be carry . the cake be put down on the table and the camera re-position itself until the cake be between it and the ( as yet ) unseen little boy . he blow the candle out . the light switch be flip and now we see he . ANTHONY . he have grow into a serious - face , thoughtful ten-year-old . there be something sad about he expression . CUT to : scene deleted CUT to : int . corridor , airport - day philomena and martin climb onto a mobility vehicle , complete with flash light and warning beep , to be drive by a airport worker to they gate . philomena well I be get the royal treatment here Martin . I feel like the Pope . they pass other passengers make the journey on foot , martin feel slightly self - conscious . martin this will save you hip . 53 . she 's hold she book , a romantic novel entitle ' the slipper and the horseshoe 's , in she hand . she see he pull he book - a weighty tome about Tsar Nicholas - out from he shoulder bag . philomena be that a interesting book Martin - I have just finish mine . she brandish ' the slipper and the horseshoe 's . martin it 's er ... about tsarist Russia and the October revolution and ... it 's a bit dull you know , it 's all just political horse- trading really ... philomena mine be about horse too . it be about this fella Robert and he 's engage to this duchess and he 's the son of a doctor so he 's do very well for himself but this woman oh she 's terrible this duchess be vain as you like and forever look in the mirror and all the rest of it . and she think he 's dull as ditch - water so he take up a interest in the horse so he fit in with all the upper class and well of course he meet the girl down the stable and she 's not even a doctor 's daughter she father 's just a farmhand and he only have one foot but anyway of course they fall in love , so the duchess you be think be careful what you wish for and he 's now tear between become a duke because when he marries she he will become lord of the manor and all that sort of thing , and the stable girl who he love but have not a penny to she name she brother have no shoe on they foot . martin ( try to cut in ) that sound great . CUT to : the vehicle round a corner ; philomena be still in full flow , martin trap next to she . 54 . philomena - so the big day 's come , the wedding and she , oh she 's a lovely , lovely girl , she say Robert have to do he duty and he 's speak for and of course he 's be measure up for he suit but you can tell he heart 's not in it he 's all the while think about the horse and the stable girl . and they be all there wait for he in the church , the hoi polloi , but the thing be Martin this duchess she just want Robert to spite the fella she 's really after but towards the end the duchess find out that the stable girl have design on Robert and the father without the foot die but before he do he say to Robert ' follow you heart 's and then the duchess give the stable girl she march order and she pack she thing - there 's a pony and trap wait for she outside and when she climb into it she ask do you know where we be go ? and the driver turn round and if it be not yer man Robert . and he say ' I be take you to a place where no - one can hurt you anymore 's . CUT to : wide shot : the buggy sail on serenely towards the gate , philomena and martin get smaller in frame as they get further and further away . philomena ( cont no ) well , I do not see that come Martin , not in a million year . martin no ... no it 's nice to have a surprise . sound like a real page turner . philomena you can borrow it . martin oh no really - philomena come on I have just finish it now . 55 . martin ( weakly ) - I almost feel like I have read it . CUT to : int . club world cabin - day philomena and martin sit together as passengers board all around they . a hostess offer they a tray of drink . hostess Champagne or Buck 's fizz ? martin no thank you . philomena ( follow he lead ) no thank you . the hostess move on . martin tip philomena off : martin they be free . philomena ( immediately call out ) I say ! I will have a Buck 's fizz ! the hostess turn back to she and she take a Buck 's fizz . philomena ( cont have ) thank you . ( take a sip ) oo , that 's lovely . ( to martin , impressed ) you have to pay for everything on Ryan Air . alex Martin ! martin look up and see he 's be spot by alex , ( smartly - dress slightly young than Martin ) , who 's stand in the first class cabin put something in the overhead locker . he walk through to Club World to say hello . martin ( awkward ) Alex , how be you ? alex not see you since you ... leave the department . I be gonna call you actually ... alex be eye flick across to philomena , wonder who she be . 56 . alex ( cont would ) still friend ? martin yes of course . alex listen , I hope you do not think I drop you in it ? martin honestly , it do not matter - fog of war . alex yeh , collateral damage . ( beat ) so what be you up to - off to the primary ? alex look again at philomena who be wait , look slightly confuse , to be introduce . martin yeh - philomena no - he 's help I look for my - martin ( cut she off ) - it 's a human interest story . human interest ... alex ( sense the awkwardness ) oh. well good luck with it ... I would better scoot back . alex go back into the first class cabin , martin smile until he 's out of sight - then the smile disappear . philomena lean across . philomena I be sorry Martin should we pretend we do not know each other ? martin no no it 's just he , he 's a nosy ... nuisance . she think about this , then point : philomena be that first class in there ? 57 . martin ( slightly acid ) yes . it 's a perk of the job . philomena just because you be in first class it do not make you a first class person . martin he 's all right ... a long pause , philomena take a sip of she Buck 's fizz , martin open he book . she lean in again , speak quietly : philomena I think he need a good smack in the chop . martin laugh . martin I think you be probably right . CUT to : int . club world cabin - day several hour into the flight . martin be doze with he blanket over he ; most of the other passenger be asleep too . philomena catch she reflection in the window and we - CUT to : int . school hall , ST louis - night [ super 8 footage ] still no SOUND . 1966 . a school production of ' a midsummer night 's dream 's . michael , ( Anthony ) , now 14 , be up on stage play ' puck 's . this be a different , more confident michael , heavily make up , dance around on stage in a loin cloth ; but so confident , authoritative , obviously loving it . we will realise later that he be explore he sexuality . on stage , titania , lysander and hermia sleep . enter puck . michael ( as puck ) through the forest have I go . but athenian find I none , on whose eye I might approve this flower 's force in stir love . night and silence . -- who be here ? weed of athen he doth wear : this be he , my master say , despise the athenian may ; and here the maiden , sleep sound , on the dank and dirty ground . ( more ) 58 . michael ( as puck ) ( cont would ) pretty soul ! she durst not lie near this lack - love , this kill courtesy . churl , upon thy eye I throw all the power this charm doth owe . when thou wakest , let love forbid sleep he seat on thy eyelid : so awake when I be go ; for I must now to oberon . puck exit . CUT to : ext . dulle INTERNATIONAL airport - day wheel hit the tarmac . CUT to : int . club world cabin - day the seatbelt sign be switch off with a ' ping 's . passengers jump up out of they seat and start to grab they bag from the overhead locker . philomena get up too , but martin stay seat - engross in ' the slipper and the horseshoe 's . philomena Martin can you help I with my bag ? ( no answer ) Martin ? martin ( without look up ) one second ... he want to finish he page . CUT to : ext . HOTEL , WASHINGTON DC - late afternoon in the distance the Capitol . a taxi pull into the Hotel forecourt . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - afternoon Martin and philomena enter the hotel . CUT to : 59 . int . corridor , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night martin make he way along the corridor to pay a visit on philomena in she room . he find the right room number and knock . philomena answer , excited , and welcome he in : philomena Martin , do you have a chocolate on you pillow ? CUT to : int . philomena 's room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night she lead he over to the balcony : martin I do . philomena how the other half live , eh ? they walk out onto the balcony and she gesture to a night time view of the city . philomena ( cont would ) and look at that view . martin mine be of the heating duct ... his phone ring ; he check the display and take the call . martin ( cont would ) oo - caroline from the record office . he stay out on the balcony and philomena come back inside to give he some privacy . as he pace up and down outside on the phone , philomena sit on the bed and press a few button - end in a on-screen movie menu . she put she glass on and flick through the movie summary , get more and more impressed as she read they . finally , martin come back in from the balcony . he look around for some wood to touch - but can not see any . martin ( cont would ) shall we go for a walk , try and shake off we jet lag ? you say you want to see the lincoln Memorial ? philomena well , we can go to see Mr. lincoln . or , we could watch on my television ... ( read from the screen ) ' Big momma 's House 's . ( more ) 60 . philomena ( cont would ) it 's about a little black man who pretend to be a fat black lady . they show a little bit and they be all chase after he - it look hilarious Martin . she look up at martin , expectantly . CUT to : scene deleted int . lincoln memorial chamber - night they be two tiny figure gaze up at the great man . philomena be not he wonderful . I have always want to see he in he big chair . martin well he be big man . literally . six foot four . tallest american president . philomena I can see that . he 's tall even sit down . they both fall silent for a moment . CUT to : ext . lincoln memorial - top of granite step - night they set off down the step . martin be lining up a photo of philomena with lincoln in the background . philomena «+. I have a friend and she daughter pay for she to go to Florida for she seventieth birthday and she say ' phil , the size of the portion - you would not believe 's . martin stop there . I be go to take you photograph . he get out he camera . he fiddle with a set . philomena be this for the article ? 61 . martin erm , yeh . philomena only I be a little bit worried you see , because if I find he he might be very disapprove of talk to the papers . families be very private thing . martin ( half distract , fiddling with camera ) well , yes , that 's true , but tracking he down 's a very expensive business so it 's a sort of quid pro quo ... philomena what do that mean ? martin it mean you do not get something for nothing . he 's happy with the camera now and line up the shot again . martin ( cont would ) I will not write anything you be unhappy with . just the truth . philomena that 's the thing I be worried about . a beat . she feel she have no option but to go along with it . philomena ( cont have ) should I smile or should I be serious ? martin let 's do one happy , one not so happy , then we be cover . ( poise to take it ) ready ... philomena smile , he take the snap . she change to a worried expression and he take another snap . martin ( cont would ) great . CUT to : ext . lincoln memorial reflecting pool / hotdog stand . night 64b philomena be work she way steadily through a huge hotdog with onion and fries . 62 . philomena - if you want chip here , by the way Martin , you have to ask for french fries . because if you ask for chip they 'il just bring you crisp . ( thinks about this ) and if you ask for crisp ... well , I do not know what they 'il bring you . martin ( jet -lagge , just want to go to bed ) yes , it can be very confusing . philomena take a thoughtful bite of she hotdog . philomena I be get scared ... now we be get closer . ( beat ) all this year , wonder whether Anthony be in trouble , or in prison ... or goodness know what . as long as I do not know , I could always tell myself that he be happy somewhere , and he be do all right . she start to get really upset . philomena ( cont have ) but what if he die in Vietnam ? or come back with no leg , or live on the street ... martin ( gently ) well ... no point upsetting yourself . we do not know what we do not know . we will just have to deal with that when we get there . she nod . take a slurp of she milk shake . they be further away , walk near some tree . philomena what if he be a drug addict Martin , or ... what if he be obese ? martin ( incredulous ) obese ? 63. philomena I watch this documentary that say a lot of Americans be huge - what if that 's happen to he ? martin but ... what on earth make you think he have be obese ? philomena ( tearful ) well , because of the size of the portion ... they walk away under the tree . CUT to : int . corridor / room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night martin escort philomena back to she room . martin night philomena , if you need I just dial 7 , and then my room number 524 . philomena 7524 . okay , good night Martin , and thank you . oh - would you like some biscuit because they give I two in a little packet and I do not want they . martin no , thank you . philomena well if you change you mind just call I - what do you dial ? martin I dial 7534 for you room . philomena if you need they just call 7534 and I nil bring they round to you . martin I will not . but thank you . philomena good night Martin . martin good night . 64 . she close the door . CUT to : int . bar , new york - night [ video footage ] ( previously sc. 69 ) now we have SOUND . mid-80s . a track play - ' doot doot 's by freur , as a Pov shot , grainy early video , take we through a pack ' Studio 54 's type place , full of beautiful 80s people - lot of neon , flash light , wild hair style , woman with bright lipstick and avant garde outfit . clubber part , smile , as the camera plough between they - whoever be shoot this want to capture as many face and memory of that night as possible . they react to the camera - video camera be a novelty . we hear snatch of conversation , high spirit . finally the camera reach a group of man and woman in they 20 and 30 , include marcia weller , late 20 , back - comb dark hair , bright lipstick . and there in the middle of everyone be michael , now mid-30s , smile , enigmatic . he speak to the guy behind the camera : michael hey Pete ... marcia plant a kiss on michael 's cheek and give the camera a smoulder look as they both ' pose 's for the camera . the scene tell we that Anthony / Michael have grow into a young man with a louche , cool private life . CUT to : int . martin be room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night the still image of a nun , wear bright red lipstick , eye close in ecstasy , she bare breast cover by the hand of another topless nun behind she wear only a wimple . we reveal martin have doze off , fully clothed , on he bed , tv remote on he stomach . the room phone ring , he wake with a start and pick it up . martin hello ? ( listen ) no ... no I have get a bath robe philomena . ( listen ) yes , there be two in every room . and the slipper . ( listen ) thanks , see you in the morning . he hang up , look at the image of the nun , then check he watch . time to call home . he pick up he mobile and dial ; wait for a connection . 65 . martin ( cont would ) hello sweetheart , how 's everyone ? he put she onto speaker as he settles back onto the bed and pour himself a miniature brandy over ice , take a sip . kate ( v.o. ) we be all good , Danny win he rugby match today and he nearly score a try . how 's philomena ? martin ( Big sigh ) well , I have now see , first hand , what a lifetime 's diet of reader 's digest , the Daily mail and romantic novel can do to a person 's brain . I do not know who I want to strangle first - Mills or boon . kate laugh . martin ( cont would ) she keep tell all the hotel staff how kind they be - she must think they be volunteer . she meet four people today who be all , ' one in a million 's . what be the chance of that ? kate ( v.o. ) oh come on she 's just a little old irish lady . he finish off he brandy . martin what be you wear ? kate ( v.o. ) um ... fleecy pyjamas , bed sock and man 's slipper . martin Nice . kate ( v.o. ) what be you do ? martin lying on the bed go through the movie menu . kate ( v.o. ) anything worth watch ? 66 . martin there 's one call ' naughty Habits 's . ' forbidden pleasure of the flesh from behind convent wall 's . kate ( v.o. ) do they look like the nun at roscrea ? martin no . I think this one be a little more ... charitable . CUT to : the still of the slutty nun on screen . CUT to : int . philomena 's room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night philomena come out of the bathroom in she full length nightie , kneel by the bed and say she prayer , then get in bed and turn the light out . CUT to : int . white house , WASHINGTON D.C. - night ( previously sc 66 ) 1982 . poor quality , tape vhs of news footage of a photo opportunity at the White House ; President reagan be surround by advisor . he turn to shake hand with the aide to he right ; we see that it 's michael , smile nervously but undeniably thrilled to be amongst such illustrious company . we now see he be a man with what appear to be a stellar career in the make . but he appearance - conservative career -man - be totally at odd with the night - clubber we see in scene 66 . fade to black . fade to : int . martin 's room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night martin have fall asleep on he bed still fully clothed . woken by he door buzzer , he rouse himself and answer it . he look through the spyhole and see philomena outside in she dress gown . he steel himself and open the door . martin hello. 67 . philomena Martin I want to tell you something earlier but it slip my mind , and I be go to tell you on the phone but I forget the number , so I think I have come and tell you in person what with you only be along the corridor . martin okay . philomena what I want to say be , thank you Martin , for help I to look for my son . I know you get the sack from you job - not News at ten - the other one . and I just want to say , that they loss be my gain . martin ( stun for a moment ) thank you . philomena good night Martin . martin good night . she walk off . he shut the door , not sure how to react . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON tidal basin - dawn another of he morning constitutional jog , to shake out the jetlag . but there 's a unwelcome addition to the routine here - other jogger apparently much fitter than he . he chug away gamely . CUT to : int . breakfast area , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - day martin be sit at a table , work at he laptop , sip from a black coffee . the breakfast area be busy , and in front of he philomena be enjoy herself investigate what be on offer at the hot buffet . close up : the computer screen . martin be work through a long list of file ; we see picture of different male of vary age , all name ' Anthony 's or ' tony 's Lee . some Christian name be spelt with a ' hat , some without ; some surname spelt ' leigh 's or ' lea 's . each file be different , some have a military appearance , some civil , some even appear to be criminal record . 68 . martin look up and see philomena chat with the chef at the omelette station and overhear a snatch of conversation . philomena - we do not really have mexican in England , we have the Indians instead , and everybody love curry . he return to he laptop . he be check the photo attach to the record ; one be a cut show a blonde businessman shaking hand with somebody ; another be a young black boy , another be a man in a marine uniform . martin dwell on some , but quickly reject other . he dial a number on he mobile ; wait impatiently for it to go through : martin hi caroline it 's Martin sixsmith . hi ... ( listen ) yes , I be not get any joy , but I just want to check - you know the file with the immigration cutting ? ( listen ) I know you have check , but could you send I a link anyway ? ( listen ) thanks . he hang up as philomena come back over to the table , glance briefly at the screen . martin ( cont would ) Morning . philomena Martin they have get pancake over there , and waffle and omelettes - any fill - and cereal and bacon and sausage and - martin yeh I know what 's over there . philomena - anything you like . the breakfast be include be not it ? martin yes , yes - I be just not hungry . my stomach have not wake up yet . philomena mine wake up before I do . I be have a ham and swiss cheese omelette - shall I get you one ? martin no thank you . 69 . philomena why do not you have some blueberry ? martin ( anything to stop the relentless barrage ) okay , yes . great . now a waitress approach they table . waitress coffee ? martin no thanks . waitress okay if you want to help yourself to breakfast over there we have a hot and cold buffet , fresh fruit and cereal , muffins , omelettes with a choice of - martin I know - waitress - filling . martin - I know exactly what be available for breakfast . so. thank you . waitress ( try to tempt he ) we also have fresh pancake ? martin ( sharply ) no . thank you . I be try to have a private conversation here . waitress my apology sir . the waitress leave . philomena there 's no need to be rude . he 's a very kind man , Antonio . martin yes , I be sure he 's one in a million - well one in a hundred thousand . philomena what do you mean ? 70 . martin you have say that to at least ten people now - so that 's just math . philomena you should be nice to people on the way up because you might meet they again on the way down . I have have think you of all people would understand that . this sting , though maybe she do not mean it to . and then again , maybe she do ? philomena ( cont have ) I have rather you be rude to I than the nice people who work here . martin I be try to help you find you son , that 's why we be here . okay ? so , please - ( gesture to laptop ) - just for now , can I have some quiet time ? philomena look at he , she nose defiantly up in the air . she go to say something but stop herself . CUT to : int . breakfast area , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - day martin be study he laptop . he see a new e-mail in he inbox from ' owsianoska , caroline 's , entitle ' Anthony Lee 's . he open it and click on a link . as he wait for it to download he see philomena back at the omelette station , and catch a snippet of she renew conversation with the chef . philomena - be you bear in Mexico ? well you must like nacho ? my grand daughter Natalie get I into they . I have never be to Mexico - I hear it 's lovely apart from the kidnapping - shake he head in exasperation , he turn back to the screen where a image download line by line from the top of the screen . we make out a blurry newspaper photo of a little boy and girl , hold hand with a smart , middle - age couple pose at a airport arrival lounge . martin hear philomena share a laugh with the chef and be about to look over to they when the image reveal the boy be hold a tin toy aeroplane in he hand . stun , he recognize it instantly . he have find Anthony . the headline above the cut read : ' New life for irish orphans '. 71 . excite , he scan the article , pick up the surname hess then find the boy 's Christian name : Michael . he put ' Michael hess , d.o.b. 07.05.52 's into a search engine , wait a few moment , then click on a site - the official site of the Republican Party . there be a picture of the adult Michael , early 30 , smile , in a formal head and shoulder pose . but it 's the passage at the top of the page which jolt he : Michael A. hess : ( b ) 07.05.52 - ( d ) 08.15.95 . he stare at the legend ( d ) . surely not ..? scarcely able to believe it , he scan the article below the picture , pick out some key sentence : ' Michael be bring to the US from Ireland by he adoptive parent ...’ and then , at the end : ’... Michael die on August 15th , 1995 . 's see martin : oh God , he 's dead ... martin look up to see philomena make she way back to the table with she omelette and a bowl of raspberry . in a panic he quickly shut down the window show the young Anthony clutching the aeroplane . philomena ( cont have ) they have run out of blueberry so I get you raspberry instead . martin just stare at she , freeze expression . she misinterprets this as a admonishment . philomena ( cont have ) oh , I be sorry . quiet time . as philomena put down she tray she glance at the screen , now just display the image of the adult Michael in the formal pose . she stare at it and , even though she can not know what Anthony would look like as a grow man , put she hand to she chest . philomena ( cont have ) that 's my Anthony . she look at martin , who do not answer . but he eye not only confirm this they tell she something else ... she clutches she crucifix . philomena ( cont would ) he 's dead ... be not he . martin ( a beat then he whisper , choke ) yes . ( beat ) I be sorry . a waitress hover hold a coffee pot . 72 . wairtess coffee ? there 's no answer ; the waitress hover , obviously unaware of what be happen . waitress coffee ? philomena ( anguish ) he do not want coffee he want blueberry ! philomena start to cry . martin ( to the waitress ) thank you , we do not need anything . martin try to comfort philomena , put he arm round she awkwardly , self - consciously , speak quietly to she . martin ( cont would ) I be so sorry ... she readily accept the comfort . score : Music by bach ... CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON 7th STREET - night bach continue over ... we see philomena in the back of a taxi on the way to the airport , the light of the city play on she window . she be numb , disengage from all that 's go on around she . the taxi stop at some traffic light . CUT to : int . taxi - WASHINGTON - night bach continue , building to a swell ... philomena stare out at the people in the street ; she can not understand how life be go on when Anthony be go . she see a young woman pick up by she boyfriend and swing round playfully as he give she a kiss . he then pretend lift she have hurt he back ; she laugh . martin look across to philomena , not know what to say . the light change , the taxi pull away . CUT to : 73. int . departure terminal , dulle airport - night philomena sit by herself on a row of chair in the airport lounge , this ' cathedral 's to modern life . we see she in profile , stare inscrutably at something . she seem suddenly old , bird like . now we reveal what she 's look at : a piece of iconography - a huge calvin klein poster in portrait aspect of a beautiful female model laugh in a casual embrace with a devastatingly handsome , be-stubble male model . she wear a negligee , he wear a vest . they have perfect tooth . perfect life . they be shamelessly happy . score end . CUT to : int . departure terminal , dulle airport - night philomena sit with ma sally ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what do he die of ? martin I do not know , I do not find out . we be at the airport now . sally ( interrupt he ) wait - you be at the airport ? martin yeh . obviously she want to get back home , be with she daughter . sally what about the story ? martin ( confused ) well ... he 's dead . sally shake she head curtly at the sub editor - she do not like he layout . sally Dead or alive , happy or sad - you say it - they be both good . spin it , find a story .. martin yeh , but if I stay here and she go , no - one 's go to answer my question . sally then keep she there . 74 . martin what ? come on ... she 's in bit . it 's like she 's lose he all over again . sally that 's great - write that line down . martin be you serious ? sally yes , you sign a contract . call I when you have get something . she hang up . martin look at philomena , sit quietly , look up at the poster . he feel a wave of terrible guilt . CUT to : martin sit down next to philomena . a few moment 's silence as they both look up at the poster together ; philomena stare at the female model , laugh , carefree . philomena I remember that day at the fair , he father make I laugh by pretend to be a old man . ( smile , remember ) and then I make he laugh by pretend to be a old lady . ( beat , the smile disappear ) and now I be one ... i’1l never know if Anthony ever think about I . I 'o 1l never be able to say sorry . martin ( beat , not quite sure how to put it ) look , we do not have to ... ( Voice tail off ) we can ... stay . philomena stay ? martin if you want to ? philomena what for ? and now he must grit he tooth and begin the lie . 75 . martin I be think we could ... maybe talk to some people who know he , find out what happen to he ? philomena I think I have rather just go home . on Martin : so this be what it have come down to - force to persuade a old lady to stay with he against she wish , against he better judgement . martin I ... think it might help , in term of you loss . she look at he , unable to speak for a moment . philomena will it ? martin there 's lot of research which suggest that ... people who have suffer a loss can help ... overcome it by talk to people who know the person that die and , from they , learn about he life , sort of thing ... a halting , inarticulate and wholly unconvincing attempt . he do not even come close to convincing himself . philomena really ? martin yes . philomena I do not know that . martin yes it 's quite well know ... I really think it could help . she nod , not really in any state to argue , and allow he to help she up . we can see from he face how shitty he feel . CUT to : scene deleted ( now sc. 78a ) ext . garden , potomac village house - day [ video footage ] 1988 . michael and marcia be be walk by a realtor towards a house for sale ; 76 . pete be behind the camera video they - we think they may very well be a young couple look at a home to start a family in . the house itself be a sprawling , typically New England property set in large grounds . pete ( oov ) what do you think ? marcia it 's incredible ... ( beat ) what about you ? she take the camera from he , turn it on pete . pete yeh , pretty cool . ( nod to michael ) what about the lord of the manor ? she now turn the camera on to michael . michael I have fall in love already ... CUT to : scene deleted int . reception , WASHINGTON HOTEL - night martin and philomena walk back up to the reception desk with they shoulder bag . the receptionist recognize they : receptionist hello , you be back again ? martin yes ... ( Little bit embarrassed ) ... change of plan . receptionist ( check display on she screen ) we have the same room if you have like they ? martin um ... okay . the receptionist start to enter information on she computer . a awkward beat whilst she tap away at she keyboard . 77 . philomena I suppose they 's 1ll just have to use the ' not so happy 's photo ... CUT to : int . HOTEL room , WASHINGTON DC - night they be back in philomena 's old room . martin be at a desk tapping away at he laptop , philomena be sit on a sofa watch ' Big momma 's House 's . martin , uncomfortable with the heavy emotion of the situation , look across to she , see she have a glaze expression : martin be you okay ? philomena I think it would make I laugh . martin try to make some sense of what she 's watch . martin be that a man ? philomena I do not know . martin I have be send a picture of Anthony - do you want to see it ? philomena oh ... ( she think about this ) yes please . he offer she he chair ; she get up and walk over , sit down in front of he laptop . she put she glass on and stare at the photo : it 's a wide , group shot with about twenty people in it , include Anthony and marcia , at a formal function . martin it 's from a woman we be meeting tomorrow call marcia weller , she be a colleague of Anthony 's ... now shall we have a drink ? he bend down by the mini-bar . philomena he look very smart . martin he work in the legal department for the american government . brandy be not it ... ( more ) 78 . martin ( cont would ) ( search through mini - bar ) oh , they be all go . philomena yes I have they earlier . martin ( get up ) never mind , I 'il get you one from my room . he walk towards the door . philomena Martin ... this man look just like you . he stop by the door . she point to a figure in the back row of the photo . martin walk back over to the desk and look more closely . puzzle , he enlarge the picture slightly , look intently at the figure . martin ( Long beat ) it be I . sure enough , it 's he , in profile , talk to someone ; Michael be stand just a few foot away from he . mind spin as he study the photo , fragment of memory come back to martin . that name - he know he have hear it before ... martin ( cont would ) Michael hess ... I meet he . philomena where ? martin at the White House . philomena oh dear God ... martin it be when I be with the BBC . ( search he memory ) would have be about ... ten year ago . philomena ( hungrily ) what be he like ? 79 . now we see the first chink in Martin 's armour of detachment - he be personally involved . he know how desperate philomena be for information , and he want to help - but he can not . he stare again at the grainy , blow up image of he stand just a few foot away from Michael . martin erm ... I can not remember too much ... ( grasp at straw ) it be a Republican thing ... ( racking he brain ) I do not really remember . philomena you must remember something . martin ( suddenly something come to he ) I shook hand with he , he be by the door as we enter . philomena what be he handshake like ? martin look at she , not even remember this but desperate to come up with something for she . martin well , if it have be a weak handshake I would have remember it . no - one would get to that position with a weak handshake . philomena so he have a strong handshake ? martin yes . philomena well that 's something . ( beat ) what else ? martin erm ... he look very smart . philomena oh I always dress he smart . can you remember anything he say ? martin I ... can not . ( thinks really hard ) just ... ' hello 's or something . I be sorry . 80 . philomena ( repeating the word , as if it be significant ) ' hello . 's martin might have be ' hi’. by a effort of will she put she disappointment behind she . philomena it do not matter ... as she always do , philomena concentrate on the positive . philomena ( cont would ) ( Big smile ) he be smart , and he have a firm handshake . she try to convince herself that if this be all she find out about he , it will be enough . martin be uncomfortable with himself . score : piano music . CUT to : ext . white marble build - day score continue over : in the background the capitol . philomena look a little bewilder as she go up the step with martin . score dip and we hear from inside : marcia ( v.o. ) philomena , I be marcia weller . welcome to Washington ... CUT to : int . WASHINGTON office - day philomena be confront with a table cover with photo of Michael , stunne at this feast laid out for she - a feast of memory she never have . there be a mix of formal and casual photo . we see some of he with marcia on he arm dress formally in evening wear . marcia I know you son for about ten year . he be senior legal counsel to both the Reagan and Bush administration . 81 . marcia weller , ( the woman in the flashback video ) , be now ten year older , a successful lawyer in she own right . philomena pick up a photograph of Michael with President Reagan at the function we see in flashback earlier . martin ( to philomena ) do not do too badly , do he ? philomena study the picture . philomena he have never have get a job like that if he have stay with I . ( stare at the photo , she mind begin to drift ) I think he would have work at mceverley . she look up , see martin 's and marcia 's blank face . philomena ( cont have ) they be a firm of solicitor in castlebar . do he ever mention Ireland to you marcia ? marcia I do not think so - not that I remember . but I have a number for he sister , Mary , who come from Ireland with he - I can put you in touch with she ? martin oh , excellent . that 's good news . philomena pick up a photo of Michael in a garden , lean against some hay bale wear a T-shirt and dungaree . philomena he look very happy here , who 's this fella ? she pick up a picture of Pete olsson , tall , handsome , bearded . marcia that 's he , er , friend - Pete . she put that photo down and pick up another of Michael and marcia on a night out together . philomena be you he girlfriend marcia ? marcia oh no . I love Michael but not in that way ... ( more ) 82 . marcia ( cont would ) ( look at martin , awkward ) «+ . I do not know if you know , but he be gay . martin seem to freeze at this news ; philomena appear not to react at all . marcia ( cont would ) I would accompany he when he go to official function because be gay be frown upon in the Republican party . but he be very charming and very charismatic . philomena clasp she chest . philomena I know it Martin ... I know he would be charismatic . ( to marcia ) now do he father any child marcia ? martin she just tell we that Anthony be gay . philomena oh , I always know that . I just think he might have be bi - curious . ( they look at she ) a lot of the nurse I work with be gay but one of they , call Brendan , tell I he be bi-curious . I do not think he could make up he mind marcia . marcia he do not have any child . I be sorry . philomena give she a smile and a little nod then return to the picture . she pick up a different photo of Michael in Pete 's arm , both smile , look happy . philomena do Pete love he ? marcia yes he do . out on the photo of Michael and Pete . CUT to : 83. ext . capitol build - day philomena and martin walk down step , away from the Capitol building . martin how do you know he be gay ? ( she look at he ) you say in there you already know . .? philomena well , he be a very sensitive little soul . and as the year roll on I always wonder if he might be . then , when I see that photograph of he in the dungaree , well there be no doubt in my mind ... CUT to : scene deleted scene deleted scene deleted scene deleted CUT to : ext . another part of the US - day a middle of the range chevrolet hire car pass the husk in a cornfield in a rural part of the US . CUT to : int . chevrolet , another part of the US - day philomena watch the flat countryside speed by she window as martin drive . CUT to : ext . chevrolet , another part of the US - day the car turn into the drive of a house . CUT to : ext . suburban house , rural USA - day the front door open to reveal mary , early 5as , a plain , tired - look housewife with long , grey hair . score end . 84 . martin Mary ? mary yes . philomena and martin stand on the doorstep ; philomena unable to prevent herself from stare at mary . martin this be philomena . Anthony 's mother . ( correct himself ) Michael 's mother . mary um ... okay . philomena ( Long beat , look at mary ) you look just like you mother ... CUT to : ext . garden , mary house - day mary , philomena and martin sit at a table in the garden , philomena look through a wallet of photo Mary have give she . Mary 's two grandchild , a boy age 5 and a girl , 3 , play together . philomena study a photo of Michael with a elderly woman with glass and grey hair , ( marge ) . mary that 's we mother - I mean , we adopt mother . philomena be she a nice lady Mary - she look like a nice lady . mary ( beat ) I will not lie to you philomena , we do not have the happiest childhood . ( beat ) marge be okay but we father , Doc , could be a very hard man . philomena fall quiet for a few moment . mary see the kide be try to climb onto a shed . mary ( cont would ) hey get down off there ! boy sorry grandma . 85 . philomena now turn to a picture of Michael with Pete 's arm around he . mary that 's he with Pete olsson . he and Mike be ... she falter , not sure if they know about Michael 's sexuality . she turn philomena it 's all right Mary , I know that Anthony be a gay homosexual . and we meet marcia - who I believe be he beard , be that right Martin ? martin ( stumbly ) erm ... yes , I think that 's about right . to another picture of Michael , look thin and ill , and digest what it mean . philomena it must have be terrible , have to keep it a secret he whole life . she 's talk about Anthony but we know she be also talk about herself . philomena philomena ( cont would ) ( beat , quiet voice ) I assume my son die from aids . mary yes . he do . he be not too happy with himself , last couple of year of he life ... work for the Republicans . martin the irony be not lose on he . mary no . he be pretty mix up about it . look up , puzzle , from study a photo . martin ( explain to philomena ) the Republicans cut funding into aids research because they blame the epidemic on gay lifestyle . 86 . philomena ( suddenly understanding ) ahhh - because some of they would not wear condom because they say it spoil the feel . see martin and mary , look uncomfortable . philomena ( cont would ) where 's he bury Mary ? mary you know , I think it 's out in West Virginia near where he live . dad want he bury in the family plot in St. Louis but Pete would not allow it . they have a big row - I do not go in the end , I do not want to get involved . you should talk to Pete about it . a silence . the unfold soap opera of Anthony 's life seem alien to philomena . she feel disconnect , unable to relate to it . martin ( stepping in ) we get he number from marcia - we will go and see he , will not we philomena . philomena hmm ... philomena clutches at one last straw . philomena ( cont would ) Mary , can I just ask , there 's one thing I have like to know . do Anthony ever mention Ireland , or where he would come from ? mary ( she think , then shrug ) not really . neither of we really talk about that . philomena no . why would you ... she smile weakly , but be crush . we move slowly to a close up on philomena as the score swell , martin 's small talk be like white noise in the background ... 87 . martin ( oov ) well thank you for see we , we should probably get go - get a long drive in front of we . thank you for you time ... «+. until we be alone with philomena and she thought . CUT to : int / ext . potomac village house - day [ video footage ] 1993 . the start of a momentous journey for michael . a hand hold shot in the hallway , he descend the last few stair carry a case . he look frail and ill . from behind the camera : pete ( oov ) okay , forty five minute late , but here he be at last . ready for he big adventure . michael turn that off Pete . pete ( oov ) do not be such a grouse . pete turn the camera on himself . pete ( cont would ) he 's such a grouse . turn the camera back on michael . pete ( oov ) ( cont have ) why be you wear that top - it 's too big for you . michael all my clothes be too big for I . michael walk past the camera and open t he door . outside we see a taxi wait on the drive . michael shuffles towards it . CUT to : int . chevrolet , rural US - day martin drive they back towards the city through the same , featureless landscape of tree and farmland . they travel in silence , philomena turn everything over in she mind . martin be distract by the St. Christopher philomena have again hang from the vent , gently knock against the dash . finally , she turn to he : 88 . philomena I be go to ask you Martin , if it would be possible to not use my real name when you write the story ? he look at she , do not answer . philomena ( cont have ) perhaps you could call I Nancy ? I have always love that name . my niece be call Nancy ... oh - people might think it 's she . ( thinks some more ) what about helen ? helen keller ? no , there 's someone already call that , be not there . martin I be go to have to call you by you real name , philomena . that 's the way it work . I be sorry . she think about this for a few moment , then go back to look out of the window . a long beat , then : philomena I would like to stop off and go to confession , if we could find a church on the way back . martin ( beat ) if you do not mind I ask , why do you feel the need to go to confession ? ( she do not answer ) it 's the Catholic Church should go to confession . ( beat ) imagine that , the confession box would explode . philomena in the great saint there be a speck of dust , in the great sinner , a spark of gold . martin be that right ? philomena you learn that in the Bible . martin yes and it 's a interesting book but there be other better book . 89 . philomena like what ? martin I do not know ... he be go to drop it , but he start to think of some title . martin ( cont would ) Anna karenina , 1984 , great expectation ... ( beat ) I think if everyone who 's read the bible have read something else instead , the world would be a better place . philomena sniff , contemptuously . martin ( cont would ) and I mean literally anything - the slipper and the horseshoe even . philomena well you be be silly now - they be both good book . he sigh exasperate . CUT to : ext . remote catholic church , rural US - day the chevrolet pull up outside a little Catholic church ; whitewash clapboard exterior . martin ( v.o . ) read a very funny headline in a satirical newspaper the other day , about the asian tsunami . CUT to : int . chevrolet , remote catholic church , rural US - day martin turn to philomena as she prepare to get out . martin it say : ' God outdoe terrorist yet again 's . found that very amusing ... why God feel the need to occasionally wipe out hundred of thousand of innocent people escape I . philomena open she door . 90 . martin ( cont would ) why do not you ask him about that while you be in there . probably just say he move in mysterious way . philomena turn back to he ; he wear a smile , supercilious expression . philomena no , I think he ’1ll just say that you be a feckin’ eejit . his expression freeze - stunne at she use language like this . she exit the car , slamm the door behind she . martin watch she go inside , feel completely discombobulate . CUT to : int . rural catholic church , rural US - day philomena enter the church and look around . a handful of parishioner be dot about the pews or queue to go into the two confessional box . Dark , wooden panell and pews dominate the ornate interior . she sit down quietly by one of the box - small light above they tell she they be both in use - to wait . martin ( v.o. ) ( from income scene ) hi Sally ... sally ( v.o. ) what have you get for I ? CUT to : ext . rural catholic church , rural US - day martin pace about by the car as he speak on he mobile . martin okay , well he be a bigshot lawyer in the Reagan and Bush administration - — CUT to : int . sally office - night sally be at she desk , half distract by a e-mail she be compose . [ intercut between both scene ] sally you be kid - that 's amazing ! 91 . martin and at the same time he be a closet homosexual who die of aids . sally wow . martin now have she full attention . she abandon she e-mail and swing she chair to face the window . sally ( cont would ) this be perfect for the weekend section . martin oh , and I meet he . sally you meet he ? so there 's a personal angle ? martin well ... yeh , that 's ... one of the angle . definitely . ( try to convince himself ) but the thing be , people need to know what happen here - it 's a injustice . sally what about the evil nun ? what 's happen with they ? martin oh still there , they have not go away . if anything they be actually a bit more evil . sally you know , I think this could even be a cover piece . martin ( suddenly chuff ) really ? sally it 's great Martin , it press so many button ... she continue . though excited by she praise , he eye wander over to the church , and to the little cross above . CUT to : 92. int . rural catholic church , rural US —- day martin enter quietly and stand at the back in the lobby area , look about , take in the quiet ambience . martin see a crucifix on the wall , blood pour from a wound to Christ 's side . he turn to see a young woman , a country girl dress simply , stand in front of the altar and genuflect . she walk down the aisle , dip she finger in the holy water bowl near the exit , and bless herself . as she pass martin on she way out she give he a warm smile of open friendship , which he feel compel to return . the exchange unsettle he ; she have a grace which be at odd with he notion of a bully church . he return he gaze to the confession box ; a light be on over one of they . CUT to : int . confession BOX - day philomena be kneel in the darken cubicle . from behind the curtain we hear a voice : priest ( oov ) hello . she can not respond . she have no idea what she want to say . priest ( oov ) ( cont would ) hello ? speak up now , do not be afraid . she start to cry , silently , bitterly , tear stream down she cheek . finally , from the other side of the grille : priest ( oov ) ( cont have ) have faith . God will forgive you ... philomena get up , she can take no more . quickly dabbing she eye , she leave . CUT to : int . rural catholic church rural US - day on martin : footstep and he turn to see philomena walk towards he , set expression . still dabbing she eye , she walk down the aisle and exit the church without acknowledge he or bless herself - as the young woman do . a beat on martin . he look at the holy water in the bowl , and dip he finger in it . he look at it glisten on he skin . why do philomena not bless herself ? he wipe he finger on he trousers and leave . CUT to : 93. ext . remote catholic church , rural US - day worried that she 's have some sort of crisis / breakdown , martin catch up with philomena as she head for the car . martin look , you be right , I be be a ' feckin’ eejit 's before , okay ? and I be sorry ... she reach the car ; turn to face he across the roof affect a faux formality : philomena I be do some think in there . I be go to get a loan from the Bradford and bigley Martin - martin bingley . philomena - because I do not have a mortgage now and I can have a extension for ten thousand pound - my friend rene do that and have a conservatory build . I do not need a conservatory and I could give you the money to cover the cost of all the flight and the hotel room and then you will not be out of pocket and you will not have to publish the story because I do not want it publish - I do not want anyone to know about this , ever . she be a keep a tight rein on she emotion . martin you have not do anything wrong . you be entitle to find out who you son be . philomena well , you hear what Mary say - she say he never give I a second think . he be not my Anthony - he be somebody else 's Michael . he probably hate the think of I . martin you do not know that philomena . philomena I should never have let he out of my sight . 94 , martin we need to talk to Pete olssen . he live with he . he know he better than anyone . Martin 's phone ring . he check the display : ' Sally Mitchell 's . he hold he finger up apologetically to philomena and answer : martin hi - sorry can I call you back .... yep , I 'il call you back . okay . ( hang up , back to philomena ) people need to know about what happen to you . this be a injustice , it need to be expose . she look into he eye , sense that he priority be no longer what she think they be . her voice lower . philomena you have better call you friend back ... she get in the car . out on martin , troubled . CUT to : int . long haul flight - night [ video footage ] 1993 . the next leg of Michael 's journey . the camera be on michael , try to doze , look really ill . he see Pete be filming he . pete ( oov ) how be you feel ? michael ( try to smile ) oh ... not too chipper . pete ( oov ) excite ? michael I guess . ( beat ) hopeful ... CUT to : scene deleted ( now sc . 109a ) scene deleted 95 . int . HOTEL corridor - dusk martin and philomena walk up to they hotel room in silence . she get to hers first , but can not work the key-card . he insert he and open he door straight away . he look across to she struggle . martin you need to put it in with the arrow point down . philomena ( coldly - she 's still angry with he ) I know how to do it . she take the key-card out , turn it round , re-insert it and open the door . she go inside , the door click behind she . a moment on martin , aware of the disconnect with philomena , before he enter he room . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - dusk have miss a few day , martin be on another jog . he speak on he mobile as he run . martin hello yes , I be try to set up a meeting with Peter olsson ... ( listen ) yes I have call a couple of time but no - one 's return my call . I be not quite sure what the next step be ... I feel like I be hit a bit of a brick wall ... ( listen ) okay but if I could get a personal number - they have hang up on he . he end the call , frustrated . a athletic-look black guy pass he run backwards . guy you should try it like this ... it 's easier this way ! martin ' laugh 's , ' good -naturedly 's . he slow to a walk , feed up with keep fit . CUT to : int . corridor , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night sweaty and exhaust , martin knock on the door to the room . he wait . no answer . 96 . martin phil ? he put he ear to the door . nothing . martin ( cont would ) philomena ? I have leave my laptop in you room ... he knock again . nothing . not a sound . he look concerned . CUT to : int . reception , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night martin be back down in reception with the receptionist , who be call up to the room . receptionist ( hang up ) no answer . martin ( perplex ) erm ... she would not have go anywhere by herself ... CUT to : int . corridor / room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night martin and the bellboy walk along the corridor . martin .-. it might be nothing but she be quite old and ... irish . ( berate himself ) I should not have leave she on she own ... bellboy and she 's a relative ? ' cos I can not let you in unless she 's a relative . martin yes , she 's a relative . bellboy what relative be she ? martin she 's ... my mother . bellboy okay ... 97 . they be by the door , the bellboy insert he pass key . CUT to : int . philomena 's room , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night the bellboy and martin enter . bellboy ( Calling out as he enter ) concierge ! see the room be empty martin quickly head for bathroom door - knock and then push it open . it 's empty . martin phil ? ( realising the bellboy be watch he ) mum ? martin come back out into the room now start to panic . martin ( cont would ) she 's go ... bellboy try the balcony . martin slide the door back ... CUT to : ext . balcony , WASHINGTON DC HOTEL - night martin step out onto the balcony - and there be philomena , stand grip a hand rail , look out at the city night - scape , eye red and tear-stain . martin there you be ! philomena what 's the matter ? martin I wonder where you be . bellboy ( from inside ) be you mother okay now ? martin yes , thanks . bellboy ( from inside ) okay sir . 98 . martin shoot a embarrassed glance to philomena as the bellboy leave . martin I ... have to say that to get he to let I in . ( embarrass , quickly change the subject ) you should not have the balcony door shut if you can not hear the door to the room . philomena I be just out here have a little cry , that 's all . she be quite calm - if anyone be distress it 's martin . martin right . he nod he head , a awkward pause . philomena I hope you do not think I be go to jump off the balcony ? a little smile play across she lip as it occur to she that he might well have be think this . martin no of course not . can I , er ... get you anything ? philomena no thank you . I just want to have ... ( phrase pop into she head ) - some quiet time . martin yes . of course . right , well I 'il see you later . martin turn and leave , duly dismiss and suddenly feel redundant . CUT to : int . HOTEL bar - night martin be at the bar , change and shower , laptop in front of he . martin pint of guinness please . 99 . as the barman pour he one , martin turn thing over in he mind . CUT to : martin sit at he laptop , but he 's distract , can not concentrate . he study the pint of guinness in front of he . he take a sip , put the glass down . as he study it , absentmindedly run he finger down the side of it , something catch he eye : the trademark guinness celtic Harp symbol on the side of the glass . he stare at it , thoughtful . remember something . suddenly , it all click into place - but before he can do anything : philomena Martin , there 's something I have to say to you - he look up , surprised to see she down in the bar . philomena ( cont would ) I have make a decision and my mind 's make up and there 's nothing you can say that 's go to make I change it . ( beat ) I appreciate everything you have do for I , and thank you for put up with I , I have enjoy the hotel and all the food and everything , but this have not really work out the way that I want it to . so , tomorrow I think we should get on a aeroplane and go back to England . there it be , and that 's a end to it . ( beat ) and do not try to change my mind by say all clever thing and try to confuse I because I do not go to oxbridge like you - martin 's mobile start to ring , interrupt the argument . he check the display : ' Sally Mitchell 's and quickly kill the call without answer . he look at she : martin Oxford . I go to Oxford - oxbridge be a portmanteau of Oxford and Cambridge , that 's where two word - philomena I do not give a shiny shoe about that - it 's all the same to I ! martin begin to fiddle with he lap -top . 100 . martin I think we should go and visit Pete olsson tomorrow . philomena go on you own ! I be not go all that way just to hear another person say that Anthony do not give two hoot about I , and that I abandon he and all the rest of it ... martin point to the Harp symbol on the side of he pint of guinness . martin what 's that ? philomena all I want to do be go home and mind my own business , and watch David attenborough on the telly and I ’'1l be happy with that . martin there . on the side of the glass . what 's that ? he point more deliberately to the symbol . philomena it 's a celtic harp . martin right ... he have find what he be look for in he computer ( though we do not yet see what he 's look at ) . he now turn the computer round to show she the picture of Anthony with President Reagan , which we have see before . he zoom in on Anthony so it 's just he in the frame , and we can see that on he jacket lapel he be wear a gold celtic Harp badge . martin ( cont would ) and what 's that ? philomena ( beat ) a celtic Harp . martin if he care so little about where he come from , why would he wear something so irish ? she think about it all , slightly stunne at the implication . 101 . philomena perhaps he play the harp ? he be gay ..? martin he do not play the harp . CUT to : scene deleted CUT to : ext . lay - by , ireland - day [ video footage ] 1993 . now near journey 's end . we see the ruin of a Abbey . the camera pan to michael stand beside a hire car . lean on a stick , clearly ill , gaze at the ruin and then over to a loch ; before he roll hill and field , a thin mist hang in the air . [ note : we do not yet know where this be ] . he then bring the camera round onto a shot of michael , gaze out at it . pete ( oov ) what do you think ? michael flick a look across at the camera then return to the view , take comfort from it in spite of how ill he look . michael it 's pretty amazing . so peaceful ... CUT to : ext . freeway / road - day music over : a montage sequence show the little hire car make the pilgrimage into the suburb of Washington to Michael 's former home in potomac Village . they drive under large manicure tree into a manicure village . we take in the ever change landscape ; we see miscellaneous shot of people and resonant landmark along the route . we see philomena through she open window , alongside martin , drive . she be slurping on some monstrous creamy , syrupy frappuccino concoction , enjoy the wind on she face . CUT to : ext . potomac village house - day wide shot : late afternoon , Michael 's house in potomac Village , which we see earlier in a flash of video . the hire car be park under some tree overlook the house . music end . CUT to : 102. int . hire car , potomac village house - day the hire car pull into the drive , as far from the house as possible . philomena and martin study the house . martin this be it . philomena I think he would have be happy live in a house like that , do not you Martin ? martin I would not complain . philomena ( beat ) I could not have give he a life like this . she gaze at the house , delight on every detail . philomena ( cont have ) ( nervous ) so what do we do now ? the car pull forward . martin survey the empty drive . martin we doorstep he . philomena what 's that , doorstep ? martin it 's what nasty journalist do when they want to speak to somebody who do not want to speak to they . she nod , thoughtfully , then see something in the mirror : philomena oh look Martin - a little red Mazda . a red , open top Mazda miata pass and turn into the drive . CUT to : scene deleted 103. scene deleted ( now part of sc . 112 ) CUT to : ext . potomac village house - day the Mazda pull up in front of the house . martin reverse the hire car into a place where he can see the Mazda without be see . a man in he late 40s , ( it 's pete - he 's older but we recognize he from the snatch of home video we have see he in ) , get out . CUT to : int . hire car , potomac village house - day through the windscreen they watch as pete lean across and kiss goodbye a young man who be drive . we see philomena silently watch . martin check pete against a picture he hold up of michael and pete . martin that 's he - that 's Pete olssen . philomena Martin , whatever he think ... I do love my son . martin we do not know what he think . philomena ( beat ) we what do we do now ? martin we doorstep he . philomena what 's that ? martin it 's that nasty journalist do when they want to speak to somebody who do not want to speak to they . pete disappear inside the house and the Mazda drive off . CUT to : ext . potomac village house - day a moment later , the hire car pull up nearer the house . CUT to : 104 . int . hire car , potomac village house - day martin go to get out of the car martin this should not take long ... philomena ( suddenly panic ) but he will not want to speak to I - he 'il just shut the door in you face . he give she a confident smile and get out of the car . CUT to : ext . potomac village house - day we follow martin as he walk up to the front door and ring the bell without hesitation . a few moment , then pete answer it . martin hello Peter olssen ? pete yes ? martin I be Martin sixsmith , I be here with philomena Lee , the mother of you late partner Michael hess ... sure enough , pete 's immediate reaction be to shut the door on he , but martin jam he foot in it . he and pete make eye contact . so far so good . martin ( cont would ) can I ask you a question ? pete if you move you foot . martin move he foot - and pete immediately slam the door shut in he face . martin have be completely outwitted . CUT to : int . hire car , potomac village house - day philomena in the car . she see martin turn away and walk back , defeat . her heart go out to he , but she can feel the anger rise in she . martin get in the car , utterly deflate . a few moment 's silence : 105 . martin ( with a lot of feel ) I have not be very ... helpful , have i. philomena never mind , at least you try . a moment , then philomena get out of the car . martin ( startle ) where be you go ? philomena wait here . the door be slam in Martin 's face - but it be slam in she face too . she march off to have this out with Pete , once and for all . martin reluctantly stay in the car . CUT to : ext . potomac village house - day we now follow philomena up to the door . she ring the bell , and again pete answer . expecting martin again , he look at philomena , throw by the sight of this little old lady now on he doorstep . philomena I just want to talk about my son . he be take from I . and I have be look for he ever since . out on pete , totally unprepare for this . but as he look at she , he see the honesty shine through . and we know he be not go to shut the door on she again . CUT to : int . front room , potomac village house - day close up on a plasma screen . score over the super 8 footage we see earlier of little Anthony on the airport tarmac , clutching he aeroplane and wear he smart coat . the footage move into a close up of little ANTHONY . over this image we now see philomena 's face appear , translucently , over that of she son . CUT to : philomena , flicker blue light play across she glass as she watch the footage on the screen , tear in she eye . pete sit next to she , hold she hand . martin stand behind she , also watch . 106 . score continue as philomena catch up on the moment from Anthony 's / Michael 's life we have see previously , ( the little boy on the tarmac ; the birthday party ; with Ronald Reagan ; the club in New York ; with Pete etc . ) the two storey we have be watch now finally collide , and we CUT back and forth between philomena 's face and the screen , each time tightening in on she . we see the ruin Abbey amongst the image . eventually we abandon the screen and stay with philomena , close in ever tighter as she witness a life compact , catch up on fifty miss year with this magical , ghostly image . finally , she turn to martin . philomena be not he handsome Martin ? we be on martin , he watch the screen ( which we do not see ) . he do not respond to philomena , he eye transfix by something he be look at . see he expression she turn back , puzzle , to look at the screen - and she expression pale . philomena ( cont would ) no ... pete what 's wrong ? and now we CUT to the plasma screen and see michael ... outside roscrea . he be be greet warmly by the ( now elderly ) sister hildegarde [ note - sister claire be not in the shot ] . and this be the end of the journey start in scene 89 - Michael 's journey back to roscrea . suggest the insertion of a line at the follow point , to draw out philomena 's reaction to Anthony come back to roscrea : martin he go to Ireland ? he go to roscrea ...? pete I take he . he be look for you , philomena . philomena ( look at the screen ) he come to look for I ? martin ( point to hildegarde ) that nun ... I see she at roscrea on we last trip . 107 . philomena sister hildegard . martin she 's very old now but it be definitely she . philomena they always tell I they do not know where Anthony be . pete look confuse . pete but they tell we that they could not find you . they say you have abandon he as a baby . philomena ( whisper , voice full of emotion ) I do not abandon my child . martin get up , unable to contain he emotion . martin she be look for he ! she 's spend she whole life try to find he . pete he 's there now . martin what do you mean ? pete I have this huge standoff with he father . he want he bury in the US , but it be you son 's die wish . he say he want to go home . beat . silence . pete ( cont would ) he 's bury at roscrea . during this we have be move slowly in on philomena 's face ; now she close she eye , clutches she hand to she chest and sigh . CUT to : int . renault hire car / irish countryside - day we be drive up the drive to the Abbey . the shot be the same as they be in the earlier scene . 108 . martin drive , philomena alongside . as they pull up outside the Abbey they fall quiet for a moment , ponder what 's come . philomena we have come full circle . martin ' the end of all we explore will be to arrive where we start , and know the place for the first time '. philomena oh Martin that 's lovely , do you just think of that ? martin no , it 's ts eliot . philomena well never mind it 's still nice . martin shall we go in ? philomena ( beat ) you be not go to make a scene in there be you ? martin I be just go to ask a few question . ( as he get out , anger rise ) and I do not want any tea , and I do not want any cake . CUT to : ext . roscrea - day they walk up to the Abbey building together in silence , philomena 's expression set , she emotion only just in check . martin look angry . at the Abbey building philomena press the buzzer and , as before , the young nun open the door . young nun ah , do come in philomena . philomena and martin enter . CUT to : int . meeting room , roscrea —- day the young nun lead they into the room . 109 . young nun sister Claire have ask if you could wait here for she . martin give philomena a thunderous look ' after all that 's happen they still want to make you wait ? 's but as the young nun leave the room and they sit down in chair face the window , philomena lean in and speak quietly to he : philomena now remember Martin , it 's not she fault . she do not know that Anthony have a different name . of course she be say this as much to herself as Martin . frustrate , he lean back in he chair in angry silence , get up , pace about . he stop to look at a classic ' Sacred heart 's image of Jesus on the wall , one so familiar to irish household : Christ , palm turn outward , display stigmata wound , and he heart be visible beneath he robe , glow and envelop in a crown of thorns . he turn to see philomena sit on the edge of she chair , bag on she lap , wait so obediently that he be irritate by she . he look at he watch - the delay in see they be outrageous . he can not stand it in this room any more and slip quietly outside . CUT to : int . gift shop area - day he emerge by the gift stand , check that there be no - one around , then - he blood up - cross to the double door , through which he see sister hildegarde on he last visit . he know through there be where the nun live . he slip quietly through the door . CUT to : int . corridor , roscrea - day martin propel himself along , try the first couple of door - they be all lock . he carry on and try another door - and this one be open . he slip inside . CUT to : int . kitchen area , roscrea - day a small kitchen area . it 's empty , but a electric kettle boil on the side - someone be here very recently . another door on the far side of the kitchen : he stride over to it , open it and enter another room . CUT to : 110 . int . tv area / nun quarter , roscrea - day he enter a communal live area . two elderly nun be in there ; they turn to face he - neither be hildegarde . then , from a door to he leave , sister claire and a priest emerge . as they shut the door behind they he see , in the room behind they , in a wheelchair , sister hildegarde . this be who he be look for . sister claire Excuse I what do you think you be do here ? martin I just want to ask sister hildegarde something . the young nun enter the tv room behind he , breathless , have follow he . young nun ( to sister claire ) he just walk straight in . they be momentarily distract by she , and martin use this to slip past they and reach hildegarde 's door . priest this be completely inappropriate behaviour ! martin ignore he and enter the room , shutting the door behind he . CUT to : int . hildegarde 's room , roscrea - day martin see there be a key in the door which he turn , lock himself in . he turn to face hildegarde , sit in she wheelchair by she desk , look up at he , startle . from outside , bang on the door . sister claire ( v.o. ) open this door ! she 's a old lady ! martin I be not here to hurt you , I have just come to ask you a question . I ’ma friend of philomena Lee ... hildegarde be eye narrow . there be no way she be go to talk to this man . especially not about ' she 's . he pull a chair up to she , keep himself at she level so as not to appear to be physically threaten . 111 . martin ( cont would ) why do you do it ? ( beat , no response ) when a mother and son be search for each other , why do you keep they apart ? hildegarde look at he , she expression that of a wily old fox . but still she refuse to answer . then , a door on the other side of the room - the one that open into the corridor and which be previously lock , suddenly open . sister claire - who have a master key - and the priest have double back and now burst in . martin stand up to face they . priest we be go to call the police unless you leave immediately . martin I be not leave without a answer . priest I be sorry I think you whole manner , come in to a holy place like this , and behave the way you have , be absolutely disgusting . he turn back to hildegarde , sit down again careful not to tower over she , he tone still reasonable . martin ( low voice , in control ) I ' 1l tell you what 's disgusting , lie to a die man . ( directly to hildegarde ) you could have give they a few precious moment with he mother before he pass away - but you choose to lie . that 's disgusting . sister claire come on sister hildegarde , you do not have to listen to this . sister claire start to wheel she away from Martin . sister hildegarde not very Christian be it - this be too much for the old nun to bear - she grab the wheel of she wheelchair and stop she . finally , hildegarde speak , jabbing a bony finger at martin . 112 . sister hildegarde ( cont would ) let I tell you something - I have keep my vow of chastity my whole life . self denial and mortification of the flesh , that 's what bring we closer to God . sister claire sister hildegarde - she want to shut hildegarde up - she clearly view she as a liability . hildegarde ignore she : sister hildegarde that girl have nobody to blame but themselves , and they own carnal incontinence . sister claire sister hildegarde - please ! martin you mean they have sex ? sister hildegarde what 's do be do - what do you expect we to do about it now ? philomena nothing . there 's nothing to be say . I have find my son , that 's what I come here for . the room fall quiet . martin see philomena stand at the door sister Claire and the Priest come through . philomena ( cont have ) ( she want to go ) Martin . martin hang on hang on . he turn back to hildegarde . he be start to lose it . martin ( cont would ) what you can do be say sorry ! how about that ? apologise . and then you can go out there and clear all the weed and crap off the grave of the mother and baby who die here . stop try to hide they away . hildegarde they suffer be atonement for they sin . 113 . martin one of they be fourteen year old ! philomena ( sharply ) that 's enough Martin ! hildegarde the Lord Jesus Christ will be my judge - not the like of you . martin really ? because I think if Jesus be here right now he have tip you out of that fuck wheelchair - and you would not get up and walk . philomena stop it ! stop it ! ( to claire and the priest ) I be sorry , I do not want he to come in here like this and make a scene . martin get up and go over to philomena . we see a pious smile creep across hildegarde 's face . martin ( incredulous ) why be you apologize to they ? Anthony be die of aids and she still would not tell he about you . philomena I know ! but it happen to I . not you . and it 's up to I what to do about all this . it 's my choice . martin so you be just go to do nothing ? philomena no . ( beat ) I be go to forgive . ( turn to sister hildegarde ) ) sister hildegarde , I want you to know that I forgive you . hildegarde 's face drop and she turn she head away from philomena with a angry grunt , much happier with Martin 's abuse than philomena 's forgiveness . martin look at philomena , floor . martin what ..? just like that ? 114 . philomena it 's not ' just like that '! it 's hard . it 's a hard thing to do . ( tear in she eye ) I do not want to hate people . look at you . I do not want to be like you . martin ( Close to tear with anger and frustration ) I be angry ! philomena I know . it must be exhaust . philomena smile . she feel much better now . philomena ( cont would ) sister Claire , would you be kind enough to take I to my son 's grave . a silence . sister claire stand . claire of course . sister claire lead philomena out into the corridor . martin be leave alone for a moment with the priest and hildegarde , who glare at he . he turn to go , then hesitates . martin well ... she 's outdone all of we he walk out into the corridor . CUT to : ext . roscrea abbey - cemetery . day wide shot : a thin drizzle fall as sister claire lead philomena to journey 's end , a headstone in a little corner of the Abbey grounds by a ruin monastery . CUT to philomena look down at the grave of she son . the inscription read : Michael A. hess . a man of two Nations and many talent . bear July 5 , 1952 , Sean Ross Abbey , roscrea . die August 15 , 1995 , Washington DC , USA . she have travel to the other side of the world but the answer to everything be right back where she story begin . philomena smile . sister claire walk away , leave philomena by herself . CUT to : 115 . scene deleted CUT to : int . gift shop area , roscrea - dusk the young nun be by the gift stand and look up , alarmed , to see martin stand in the gift shop area look at she . she 's alarmed for a moment , but he give she a smile . he 's be think about what have happen , and he have calm down . martin it 's okay , I just want to buy something ... CUT to : ext . roscrea abbey - dusk philomena kneel down and use she hand to brush some stone and dirt from the grave . in soft focus , background , we see martin approach . he walk right up to she until he 's beside she . she stand up and look at he . philomena he know I have find he here . she shut she eye , hand clasped together as if in silent prayer . on this we ... CUT to : int . roscrea nursery - day young philomena sweep young Anthony up in she arm and kiss he . int . west virginia home - evening [ video footage ] 1984 . a head shot of michael , mid-30s , before he be ill . he be look down , ( out of shot he be read a book ) . he look up and smile ; he could be smile at philomena . dissolve to : ext . funfair , limerick - night 1951 . the same size shot of Anthony 's father , JOHN , at the fair , smile at philomena . dissolve to : same size shot on young philomena at the fair , smile back . dissolve to : 116 . ext . cemetery - dusk same size shot , philomena present day . she stand . she be smile , turn to martin . martin I be not go to publish the story . she look at he confuse . martin ( cont ’d ) it 's just between you and he . she smile , deeply move . martin ( cont 'd ) here , I get you something . martin reach into he coat pocket and pull out a little plastic Jesus he have buy from the shop ; the figure 's palm outstretch , he heart visible through he garment . he hand it to philomena . philomena oh Martin ... she take it from he and smile , gratefully . she kneel , place the plastic Jesus on Anthony 's grave . philomena ( cont ’d ) thank you . she cross herself . as she look at the plastic Jesus : philomena ( cont ’d ) you know , I would just decide that I do want you to tell my story after all ... she walk away from the grave . he follow . and now we ... CUT to : a shot of the plastic Jesus on the grave . CUT to : ext . roscrea - day martin and philomena walk back arm in arm to they hire car park at the front of the Abbey . they be closer than ever after all they have be through ; martin help she in then , as he go to get in he side : philomena ( cont ’d ) oh , Martin , I have just finish that book , ' the saddle and the loom 's - would you like to read it ? 117 . he get in , shut the door and start up . martin why do not you just tell I about it . as the car drive away , from inside : philomena ( oov ) well there 's this weaver , she 's quite plain really , pretty but plain , and she 's tell she have to work all through the night to weave a beautiful cloak of the finest silk for the master - this nobleman fella - to wear on he wedding day ... CUT to : ext . irish countryside - day the hire car wind it 's way through the breathtaking scenery . from inside , philomena continue with the story ... philomena ( oov ) »-- and so she work all through the night and she show he the cloak and ask he what do you think kind sir ? and he say ' it 's beautiful - I have never see anything more beautiful in my whole life 's . but guess what , he 's not even look at the cloak . he 's look at she Martin ! well , I never see that come . martin not in a million year ... the conversation fade away under the end track , ' plastic Jesus 's ( the song sung by Paul Newman in ' cool Hand luke 's ) lyric to ' plastic jesus 's I do not care if it rain or freeze as long as I have get my plastic Jesus Riding on the dashboard of my car , you can buy him phosphorescent glow in the dark , he 's pink and pleasant take him with you when you be travel far . you can buy a sweet madonna ( more ) 118 . lyric to ' plastic jesus 's ( cont would ) dress in rhinestone sit on a pedestal of abalone shell goin 's ninety , I be not wary ' Cause I have get my virgin Mary guarantee I will not go to Hell track continue over : caption ' the lose child of philomena Lee 's be publish in 2009 . thousands more adopt irish child and they ' shame 's mother be still try to find each other . philomena Lee life in the south of England with she child and grandchild . she continue to visit she son 's grave at roscrea . Martin sixsmith now work as a author and broadcaster . he have publish several book on Russian history . the end twcawz ards.com