phone booth by Larry Cohen fade in : new york CITY - aerial view of downtown manhattan - day multiple STREET scene - day the sidewalk crowded as usual . a sea of humanity . people come and go -- always in a hurry . oblivious of one another . a traffic jam -- a STREET be tear up by construction worker ; a sanitation truck load up refuse ; vendor peddling nut and salted pretzel ; panhandlers block a passerby . intimidate . demand . almost mock . we be surround by the teeming life of the city as we have come to expect it -- complete with a cacophony of sound . multiple cut -- phone kiosk and phone booth on the East side and West side -- uptown and down . one frustrated caller have lose he money in the slot and he take it out on the equipment -- smash the receiver violently against the coin box until the instrument splinter into a dozen piece . narrator there be 237,911 pay telephone in the five burrough of the city of New York . many of they be still in work order . dozen of quick cut -- new yorker on the phone in extreme close up . we do not hear the word . only the facial expression inform we that this be human being under tremendous pressure . life in the city be wear they down . multiple shot - just mouth lip jabber into receiver . Cross - cut against one another . narrator despite increase usage of cellular device , a estimate four and a half million New yorker and two million visitor still utilize pay telephone on a regular basis . at thirty - five cent a pop ... for the first three minute . angle on corner in mid - manhattan - day there 's a phone booth situate on the southeast side of the street . narrator you be look at the telephone booth at the corner of 45th Street and 8th Avenue in the heart of the Manhattan theatrical district . it have be schedule to be remove and replace by a kiosk . it 's one of the few remain phone booth leave in the city . camera move in on the irate caller in the booth -- a very well - dress gray-haire lady -- totally conservative in appearance . woman in booth ( into receiver ) you have lie to I for the last time , you lowlife prick bastard ! I do not ever want to hear the sound of you fuck voice again . ( listen ) yes , well fuck you , too ! she slam down the receiver and exit . the booth remain vacant for a brief interval . narrator at least three hundred call daily originate from this booth . the coin be collect twice a day . this booth have be burglarize forty - one time in the last six month . someone be approach the booth , fishing in he pocket for coin . this be stuart shepard , snappily dress , he hair style and he nail manicure . here be a man who clearly take excellent care of himself . he sport a donna Karen suit and silk armani tie . he 's about to step into the booth when he 's accost by a middle - age man in a soile apron who 's run out of a nearby restaurant and have finally catch up with he . mario stu , we get to talk . stu wish I could accommodate you , mario , but this be my busy time of day . mario how come you cross the street every time you go past the restaurant ? stu why do not I stop in later for some lunch ? mario there 's no more drink or free meal until the restaurant start show up in the column like you say . stu I be do my level best for you people . mario one lousy mention in the Post and you expect to eat for six month ! stu I get the food critic from the Village Voice all line up to give you a review . mario that 's what you tell I last July . and he never show . stu I be allow you time to expand the menu . wallpaper the bathroom , for God sake . you get only one shot with this fuck critic and I do not want you to blow a rare opportunity . mario you the one blow it . how long you think you can fuck everybody ? stu hold on right there . I have get a very excellent reputation around this town . mario so how come you take two nice suit of clothes from Harry and never get he daughter on David letterman ? stu Hell , I be not a agent . I be a publicist . mario mister , you be nothing ! stu believe I , Valerie 's on the wait list to audition . Harry 's get no complaint . he just let I pick out this tie the other day . mario that Harry 's a damn fool ! stu mario , please let I make this up to you . how about I arrange for the open night party for this new off - Broadway show I be handle -- to be hold at you place with local tv coverage on nine and eleven ? I mean I have it promise to another client -- who actually pay I money . but it be not firme up yet . and I could throw it you way . maybe . mario what be involved ? stu you would toss in the buffet for say seventy or eighty . the producer would supply they own vino , of course . I would deliver you a truckload of celebrity . and if they like the food , they will all come back , naturally . mario what celebrity ? stu you want liza minelli ? a oscar winner . or Douglas fairbank , jr.? mario be he still alive ? stu I see he last night go into the four season . I will bring you over a whole VIP list when we come by for dinner . mario how come everybody want to eat but nobody want to pay ? stu you can not think small like that . hey , you still feature musician Fridays and Saturday ? mario at least they work for they meal . stu what about Harry 's daughter as a extra add attraction ? she will belt out five or six showtune -- two set a night -- and it will not cost you a fuck nickel . mario how come ? stu Star showcase ! let I handle set that up . and when she eventually go on letterman , she will announce I be currently appear over at mario 's fine supper club . right over CBS she will say that , mario . mario you be full of shit . you know that ? all bullshit ! stu that 's just a vulgar word for pr . ( place a arm around he ) mario , you can not hurt my feeling . even when I be a kid and they hurl certain invective my way , it never bother I . other kid would fall apart if anybody call they a fuck name . I , I just love the attention ! ' shit -for - brain ' -- that 's what the bigger kid name I . and I answer to it . hey , ' shit - for brain ' report for duty . everybody love I for that . I could take abuse . after a while , I kind of wear they down . there be nothing more they could say to I . so they stop . I kind of miss it . mario I be sorry I even talk to you . stu I will bet you loving wife put you up to this . she see I pass by and she send you out in the street . but I do not hold it against you personally -- you still serve up superior veal chop . ( enter phone booth ) now I get urgent business to conduct , mario . he slide the booth close in mario 's face . the frustrated restaurateur glare at he through the glass before give up and walk off -- talk to himself as he go up the block . inside the booth , stu insert he thirty - five cent and dial . stu hello , mavis , sweet creature . mavis ' voice where have you be ? do you think I have nothing to do but wait around for you to call ? stu I be only a few minute late , loveliest individual on earth . mavis ' voice stu , I be so lonely . when can I see you ? stu good news in that arena . Kelly go into rehearsal as of Monday . you know how dedicated she be . by the time she get back from dance she ass off , she go right to sleep . we will have both we day and certain night . not to mention when they take the show on the road . mavis ' voice how long be that for ? stu four to five week -- minimum . mavis ' voice maybe I should quit my job so we can be together full time . stu I would not do that . mavis ' voice sometimes I think if I have to give one more fuck manicure ... stu that 's how you meet I . mavis ' voice I never see a worse set of nail . bit right down to the quick . stu I be much better groom since you have be look after I . mavis ' voice I be glad you admit it . stu even Kelly remark on it when I first meet she . mavis ' voice she could care less how you look . she 's only interested in push she own career . some wife you be stick with ! stu the marriage be not without its compensation . do you imagine I could afford that apartment on what I be earning ? not with everybody cut back on the publicity . not to mention a million college graduate come into the profession try to cut I out . and one thing you can not expect from you client be loyalty . they get a couple of bad notice , they dump you . Goodbye . mavis ' voice do not go . stu I be not say goodbye to you . I be say how the client try to give you the wave off without even a month 's notice . a conservative businessman now stand outside the booth wait to use it . he deliberately glance at he watch a few time to demonstrate he impatience . this bother stu who slide the booth open a crack . stu ( yell ) what ? be you watch bust ? it 's twenty after eleven and I be gonna be occupy indefinitely with my transaction . so get out of my face ! he close the booth up again and turn he back to the gentleman who give up and depart . stu sorry , honey . there will be no further interruption . mavis ' voice why must you always be call I from some booth ? stu on account of that phone record be regularly subpoena in divorce proceedings . and I do not want some entry show up on my cellular bill either . she get the mail . she look this item over . sometimes she even dial up a strange number to see who it be . mavis ' voice then she suspect something . stu it 's only because she last husband , the choreographer , run around on she . she can not get that out of she head . that 's how she catch onto he . the phone bill . mavis ' voice she have not develop much skill at hold a man . stu you know what a self - fulfil prophecy be ? she be so sure I be go to find I a woman that she finally drive I back to you . I think I would feel all guilty about it -- but I guess it have not kick in yet . ( beat ) still , I would not do anything to hurt she . basically , Kelly 's a decent individual . mavis ' voice what about hurt I ? like last time ? stu hurt ? you be glad to be rid of I . mavis ' voice for a while I be , ' till I take stock of what be around . you be the lesser of many evil . stu that 's about the nicest thing you ever say . mavis ' voice I will have it engrave . stu we have be up front with each other from the beginning . let 's keep it that way . how about a drink ? say seven o'clock ? the monkey bar ? mavis ' voice meet I in front . I do not like walk in there unescort . stu yeah , you be great enough look to be mistaken for one of that thousand dollar a night girl . mavis ' voice it happen all the time lately . stu and wear that short black number I buy you from bendel 's . mavis ' voice again ? I do not know if it 's I or that dress you like . stu have a good day . make plenty of tip . and leave the whole evening open . she think I have get knick ticket . he hang up . then whip a tiny cellular phone out of he jacket pocket , flip it open and dial . someone answer on the first ring . columnist ( v.o. ) speak ! stu ( into cellular ) it 's you boy Stuart . when be the last time I call you for a favor ? columnist ( v.o. ) the column be already full . stu I just need one line . anybody you wanna say be see dining out at mario 's stromboli restaurant . columnist ( v.o. ) maybe you do not hear so good ? I get no space for you . stu who 's ask any favor ? I be offer reciprocal information . columnist ( v.o. ) since when be you ever a reliable source ? stu check it out . tony award - win producer Willie beagle toss he wife back into rehab again follow she third attempt at diving off the terrace at they plush eighteen room residence at the San remo . I get it from the doorman . columnist ( v.o. ) I get it from they may yesterday . it 's in the paper today . or do not you bother to read my shit ? stu Louis , my intention be entirely honorable . columnist ( v.o. ) I will drop you item in sometime next week . if you promise not to call I for a month . he hang up . stu look pleased as he fold the cell phone and tuck it away . then he start to vacate the booth . the phone ring . and ring . curious , he pick up the receiver . there 's a voice on the other end of the line . a distinctive male voice . voice do not even think about leave that booth . stu what ? voice stay exactly where you be and listen carefully . stu I have get a heavy day , mister . voice you know better than to disobey I . stu I do not know you at all . voice be you absolutely sure ? stu who be this ? voice someone who 's watch you . stu get lose ! voice Love the gray suit . that red and black tie make a nice combination . stu be take back by the accurate description of he apparel . he look around nervously . stu where ? where be you ? voice closer than you think . stu I do not see you . voice there be any number of window . check they out . indeed that street corner be surround by high rise building and hotel . stu okay , you have you little joke . voice I be not sufficiently amused . not yet . we have more to talk about . stu know he should simply hang up but something tell he not to . perhaps it 's the strange tone of the man 's voice . stu do I a favor . call up somebody else . voice but it 's you I be interested in . you know how many people use that booth every day ? stu why do not you tell I ? voice better than two-hundred people on average . stu be that what you do ? Count they ? voice what else do I have to do ? it 's interesting watch people . try to guess who they be . and what they be up to . stu what be you -- a shut - in of some kind ? voice you might say that . I can not go out . I might be see . stu somebody 's look for you ? voice desperately . stu the cop ? voice not yet . stu the ex-wife . what would you do -- run out on child support ? voice what kind of man do you think I be ? stu frankly , I could care less . you have you fun . now goodbye . voice it 's not in you best interest to hang up on I . that would make I angry . stu be not that just too bad ? voice for you . stu there 's ten million name in the phonebook . pester somebody else . voice I never talk to people I can not see . I need to study they reaction . stu alright , bullshit artist , what be I do right now ? voice scratch you forehead with you leave hand . now you be brush you hair back . stu okay , okay , you get I in you scrutiny . so what ? voice so let 's talk . stu only I get nothing to say . voice oh , you will . you will do a lot of talk before this conversation be over . and it will only end when I want it to . stu be that a fact ? well if you watch closely , you will see I hang up . voice I do not think you will . stu why not ? voice I interest you . stu why should I be interested in some creep who get he jolly spying on stranger in phone booth ? voice but you be not a stranger , stu . the sound of he own name send a chill through he . stu who put you up to this ? voice you be my very own selection . stu why I in particular ? voice because you be so afraid . stu ha ! what have I get to be afraid of ? stu just about everything . you have so much to hide . stu how do you figure that ? voice why else would a man with a perfectly good cellular bother to make call from a pay booth ? stu that 's my business . voice I have make it mine . stu all of a sudden I be require to give explanation to you ? voice in explicit detail . stu what be this ? some kind of candid camera gag ? or like that thing on HBO where the cab driver be taping what go on in the back seat ? voice this be not showbusiness , my friend . this be reality . stu you reality . not mine , you lowlife fuck . voice stu , you will be make to suffer for you attitude , so let 's dispense with the vulgarity . stu now you be threaten I ! fuck you . could that be any clearer ? voice you be only make it easier for I to do you harm . stu oh yeah . right . can you see how I be tremble ? voice you will be . stu shit , this be a new one . Fucking threaten call in a goddam phone booth . when be you go to start with the heavy breathe . voice I be not the degenerate . you be , stu . stu you do not know anything about I . voice infinitely more than you know about I . stu like what ? voice like the number you dial when you first enter the booth . stu how would you know that ? voice I be watch through a scope and I could clearly read the button you push . I have another extension here by the window . shall I dial that same number back for you ? would that convince you ? stu nervously crane he neck , look around at all the tall building that surround the street corner . stu' Pov panning up at thousand of window . the Voice could be come from anywhere . back to stu in the booth voice let 's see who 's on the other end of the line . stu do not . voice too late . ( beat ) it 's already ringing . I will hold the receiver up so you can listen in . stu can hear the beep as the other line ring . then mavis ' voice can be hear answer . stu listen helplessly . mavis ' voice hello ? voice well , hello . mavis ' voice who be this ? voice someone who 's really tight with you boyfriend -- who just call you from he favorite phone booth . mavis ' voice you know stu ? voice stu ? oh , I know he better than anyone . what he do -- how he think . how he lie . mavis ' voice who the hell be this ? voice stu be listen in . he know what we be both say . mavis ' voice stu ? be that true ? be you there ? voice he do not feel like talk . stu ( shout ) mavis ! just hang up the goddam phone . voice she can not hear you , stu . only I . ( a pause ) mavis , I be afraid stu have not be totally honest with you . but then he can not be honest with anyone , can he ? mavis ' voice what 's you name ? to whom be I speak ? voice you have never hear of I , mavis . he do not want you to know I exist . he wish I do not exist . but there be not anything he can do about that . ( beat ) still there , stu ? all you can do be listen . stu mavis -- the guy be a fuck nutcase ! hang the fuck up . voice she do not want to . she want to know all about we . do not you , mavis ? mavis ' voice do he wife put you up to this ? that bitch , Kelly ? voice oh yes , the bitch wife , Kelly . my very next call . stu ( yell ) he do not know my wife ! do not tell he anything else . outside the booth , a huge , heavy - set black woman in a too tight dress , now appear with the clear desire to use the phone . her name be felicia . she tap on the glass . felicia could you hurry it along ? stu ignore she and Felicia glare at he through the glass with hostility . stu have no inclination to deal with anybody else . he 's too distract by the madness happen over the telephone . stu can you hear I , mavis ? keep you big mouth shut . voice be that any way to talk to a woman you love ? ( beat ) mavis , be he always that abusive to you ? mavis ' voice you be get I all upset . I do not know who you be or how you know all this -- voice I find out thing -- from watch people and listen to they . mavis ' voice just what be you relationship to stu ? that 's all I want to know . voice well , what do you think ? mavis ' voice answer I , goddam it ! voice well alright . stu and I be -- longtime companion . a pair . two of a kind . closer than close . pea in a pod . spoon in a drawer . mavis ' voice you pervert ! voice that , too . stu do not believe a word of it . it 's all lie . voice too late , stu . she already believe it . mavis ' voice you can tell that scumbag never to bother I again . voice he will not care . he will still have I . stu it 's not true . I do care . from outside the booth , there 's a louder rapping on the glass . Felicia really want in . felicia get do in there , mister . I get I a important call . stu go away . felicia shit I will ! finish up ! she continue to rap on the glass as stu try to focus on the two - way phone call . voice why do not you tell I what you think of we ? mavis ' voice you be both disgusting . voice that 's what he say about you . well , if stu do not have the ball to come out and tell you the truth , I feel it be my responsibility to clear the air . Goodbye now , mavis . thanks for you time . ( the phone click off ; we hear only a dial tone ) back to you again , stu . stu you total asshole ! how could you do that ? voice speak of female , that woman hover outside the booth -- may as well tell she that you will be on the line forever . stu like hell I will . voice I be ready for you to take out you cellular and phone home . and this time , I will listen in . stu there 's no chance of that . voice or should I call Kelly and make up something totally outrageous ? you must realize by now I have a vivid imagination . stu you do not know we phone number ! voice be you absolutely sure ? I may have be watch you on a regular basis . keeping track of all the number I see you dial . stu and I be suppose to believe that ? voice I have put a great deal of preparation into this -- prior to actually say hello . now do you want to dial 832-7165 -- or should I ? the sound of the actual number be speak shock he even more than the earlier mention of he name . stu what be you go to tell she ? voice you will do the talk . stu what be I suppose to say ? voice try tell she the truth . stu look , I do not want to hurt Kelly . she 's always there for I . it 's just my nature to have a little ' strange ' on the side . it do not mean shit . voice but you still find it necessary ? stu kind of like have a beautiful home . with everything you ever dream of . but you still need that vacation now and then . some nice hotel room with a great view . maybe a pool . only you would not want to spend more than a few day in any hotel . eventually , you want to go back to you home and all you stuff . you be real glad to check out . voice Kelly be home and mavis be a hotel ? I be sure they will both appreciate that explanation . stu you be ruin my fuck life , you sonofabitch . voice do not I warn you about call I name ? it make I vindictive . stu what else can you do to I ? voice we have not even begin . stu she 's not home . she go out . voice I will bet she 's back . now hold the cellular up where I can see it -- so I can be certain you do not misdial on I . ( pause ) a little higher and to you leave . now I have it in perfect view . dial slowly . more violent rapping on the glass from the persistent black lady outside . felicia if you get you a cell phone , how come you take up the whole fuck booth ! this here 's a emergency ! stu there 's another booth on the next block . felicia it 's bust . every damn phone on eighth Avenue be bust but this one . stu well , I be not through ! go in a restaurant or someplace , but get away from I ! felicia I be gonna pull you out of that booth and snatch you ballhead ! she try to pull open the slide door to the booth but stu jam it shut , right on she hand . felicia you assault my person . stu let I hear from you lawyer ! felicia you be hear alright . I be come back . and you ass better not be around . she stalk off obviously in search of assistance . voice good work , stu . now let I see you dial . tuck the receiver under you chin and dial you remote . stu I be do it . he punch in the digit . the phone ring -- and ring . stu I tell you she be out . voice let it ring . then a girl 's voice be hear . kelly voice shepard residence . voice hold it close to the receiver so I can hear . kelly voice hello ? stu honey , it 's I . kelly voice what 's take you so long ? I think we be have some lunch at mario 's ? stu Change of plan . we be not eat in that dump any more . kelly voice how come ? stu the Health Department give they a ' C ' rating -- that 's how come . here I be try to put the place on the map and he fuck it all up with a major roach problem . kelly voice that 's disgusting . okay , I will fix we a sandwich . where be you now ? stu just in a phone booth . kelly voice how come ? the caller id say you be on you cellular . stu oh yeah , I be . kelly voice but you be also in some phone booth ? voice explain that one , stu. stu I only step in because the traffic be so loud outside . kelly voice well just hurry on back . voice tell she you can not . stu not for a few minute . kelly voice be you sure you be alone ? I hear somebody in the background . stu the guy in the next booth . he 's get a bad connection and he 's holler he fool head off . voice you have get a answer for everything . stu I love you , baby . kelly voice do you ? stu you know that . kelly voice stu -- who be that man ? stu what man ? kelly voice some person who phone fifteen minute ago -- just after you go out . stu I do not understand ... kelly voice this total stranger ring up and tell I to wait by the phone -- because you would be call I in a few minute -- from a booth . and I say what would he be do in any phone booth ? stu and what do this guy say ? kelly voice he say you would be make phone call . what else ? stu make call be part of my business . kelly voice to whom ? stu client . people . plant item like I do . kelly voice woman ? stu once in a while one of they could be a woman . I just call " Elaine 's " and talk to she to see who be in there last night . kelly voice you know exactly what I mean . stu you be not go to start that shit again ? kelly voice I just feel something be wrong . stu what could be wrong ? kelly voice the way you sound . you do not sound like yourself . stu yeah ? who do I sound like ? kelly voice someone who 's scared . there 's fear in you voice like I have never hear before . voice see , stu ? Kelly agree with I . kelly voice I want you to come back home . now ! stu I tell you . in a while . kelly voice no . I want you here now . in case he call back , I do not want to answer again . stu why should he call back ? kelly voice I feel like he 's go to . stu you be the one that sound frighten . and of nobody . kelly voice he 's not a nobody . he know about we . stu you be not tell I all he say . what be you hold back ? kelly voice I can not discuss it on the phone . just get over here ! click ! she hang up . stu ( into pay phone ) why do you do that to she ? she never do you any harm . voice how would you know ? everybody do harm to somebody . and then they try they best to forget it . stu maybe I -- but not she . whatever I have do , there 's no reason to take it out on she . voice suppose that 's the only way I can get to you ? you claim you love she . stu yeah , I do . voice you do not even love yourself . stu but Kelly ... I would never hurt . voice still you have to uphold you status as a honorary asshole . stu listen , I have treat all my woman decent . I never laid a hand on any of they , even when provoke . and I always let they down easy . ( beat ) I be not ready to let Kelly go . maybe I never will be . voice what if she dump you first ? what 's the odd she 's already take up with somebody ? one day soon you will come home and find she go along with the CD player and the vcr . stu I be not gonna let you mind - fuck I all day ! that 's it . this call be end . voice not until I say it be . stu what happen if I hang up ? voice you do not really want to find out . stu I be die to hear this !!! what the fuck can you do about it -- up in you fuck high window with you goddam binocular ? voice I never indicate I have binocular . I say I have a highly magnify telescopic image of you that bring you up so close I could see where you nick yourself under the chin shave this morning . stu oh -- while you be at it , have a look up my ass . voice I may very well do that , stu . in the meantime , think about what kind of device have a telescopic sight mount on it . stu what ? you mean ... like a rifle ? voice a high -power .30 calibre bolt action remington 700 with a carbon one modification and a state of the art henzholdt tactical sniperscope . and you be in the cross hair , stu . stu I be suppose to believe that ? voice there 's only one way I can prove it to you . hang up the receiver and find out . at this range , the exit wound ought to be about the size of a small tangerine . stu and you be just go to kill I for no reason ? voice for plenty of reason ! because you hang up . for year I hate people hang up on I . ex - girlfriend . woman I do not even know . prospective employer . stu I get hang up on all the time . you get use to it . voice or else you do not . I work for month get people to switch to mci -- be insulted at and be hang up on hundred of time a day . the one that curse I out for invade they privacy never bother I as much as that that click off without even bother to reply . stu then why do not you go after one of they ? voice maybe you be one of they . stu hey , I have work in a boiler room myself peddle " term life . " I would never be rude to a fellow salesperson . voice can you feel it on you now ? the heat of it . I be move the strike zone down to you stomach area . now I be raise it up again . directly above the chest cavity -- slide up to the forehead just above the leave ear . stu shit -- I do feel it . voice tell I where I be go with it now . stu across my forehead -- now back where it be before . voice I be amaze how you can do that . you be amazingly accurate . ( beat ) now I know what you be think . if I drop down on the floor of the booth and flatten myself out ... stu no , I be not think that . voice oh yes you be . can I crawl out use the booth as a shield ? can I crawl to that Chrysler illegally park only three or four foot away ? the shatter glass may cut I , but it will only be superficial . otherwise , this lunatic will never let I out alive . stu no . you will . I know you will . if I just cooperate . voice where be it now ? think and feel for the warm spot . stu below the shoulder ? voice which one ? stu the right shoulder . voice remarkable how we be in tune . you be do far better than the other . stu what other ? what do you mean ? ( no reply ) you say ' other ! ' voice ( finally ) I be sure you read about the italian tourist shot dead ten day ago at the corner of forty-fifth and eighth ? stu I see it on the news . voice and where be we now ? stu oh , god. forty-fifth and eighth . voice what else do you remember about that kill ? stu I do not know . voice try . stu he be gun down . and nobody be catch . and they do not even bother to take he wallet or he watch ... or anything . voice now you know why . it be not a robbery . stu what do he do ? voice he hang up -- so I disconnect he permanently . stu please -- do not do it to I . you get no reason to do it to I . voice do not give I reason . stu I be not look to . tell I what you want ! voice tell I about you job . stu what 's to tell ? I be in Public Relations . they use to call we " flack . " now we be media consultant . voice what do you do , exactly ? stu Plant item in the paper and on the tube . more important sometimes , keep stuff out . voice what have you keep out ? stu one of my people get nail for indecent exposure . I manage for the cop to use he real name instead of he stage name so nobody pick up on it . voice you save the little deviate 's ass , do not you ? stu he 's in major therapy now . I swear he be . voice you must hang with some major celebrity . journalist , newscaster -- that type . stu I be real close with Larry King . and the " hard copy " people . voice could you get he down here ? Larry King ? stu why would he want to come here ? voice because you ask he to . stu he come from Atlanta . voice well , who could you get ? stu I do not know . voice Wolf blitzer ? voice probably not . voice regis ? stu definitely no chance . voice you would be offer they a exclusive newsbreak . I be talk about more than one homicide . stu how many ? voice I do not answer question . I ask they . stu I gotta have the fact . they might not believe I . my record be not too good when it come to hard news . voice you be not consider a reliable source ? stu on a divorce or separation , maybe . or who 's gay , or who be not gay any more . I kind of specialize in that kind of material . I mean I could probably get you Joe Franklin . voice how about Cindy Adams ? stu I might have a shot . be you familiar with Liz Smith ? voice do you know she number ? stu want I should call she ? how much can I say ? voice tell she you be in direct touch with a killer who 's willing to speak honestly if she show up here alone and without notify the authority . stu she usually like to have a celebrity involved . if you have a actor or a sport figure hold prisoner instead of I , there would be better odd she 's come . voice then lie . pick a celebrity and put they in the booth . stu let 's see . who do she like ? who could not be reach to deny it ? voice I be anxious to see you in action . do not keep I wait . stu use he cellular again . stu ( dial ) sometimes you only get she service . ( into cellular ) hi -- stu shepard . put I through . I have get hard news for she . I can only talk to she directly . but say it regards -- liza . voice liza ? that be imaginative . stu ( into cellular ) no , I can not call back . I will have to lay in on somebody else . alright , but I can not hang on long . ( to pay phone ) she 's come on . ( to cellular ) Liz , hello . sure I will make it brief . killing two week ago in the theatre district ? turn out a sniper do the job . yeah , a sniper with a rifle . now he 's get another victim line up . not just you anonymous New Yorker , but liza . now you can not call anybody or Ms. minelli 's dead meat and so be I . she 's hostage in a phone booth right in the sniper 's sight . but he say he will talk to you and let she walk . I know it will take ball to do this , but you be a fine and courageous newspaper woman ... there 's a click . silence . stu hello ? hello ? ( to pay phone ) either she 's on she way over or she do not believe I . voice you be not particularly convincing . stu I do not really believe in what I be say . voice because you do not really believe my remington be point at you ? stu I do . voice you be ninety percent sure . stu at least ninety - five percent , easy . voice let I erase all doubt . stu no . do not shoot . voice Control yourself , stu . glance down at you chest . what do you see . stu oh , my god. a dot . a fuck red dot . a tiny red dot now move across stu 's chest . voice like you have see in the movie ? stu the laser dot . just before some poor bastard always get blow away . voice usually a support player . that lovely but by now generic special effect of the bullet pierce the forehead . the tiny red laser dot dance around stu 's chest and stomach -- the jump up and remain between he eye . voice this take all the guesswork out of it . you know exactly where to expect it before I even tighten my finger on the trigger . stu do not tighten . do not even tickle that fuck finger . voice how about geraldo ? he 's run he ass off to get in on this . stu you be talk about the old geraldo . look , I can try and reach cable NBC . they be hungry . voice I be disappointed . I want to go first class . stu they do a great job . they will haul a whole crew over to cover you surrender " live . " voice I never express interest in give myself up . there be so many other phone booth in the city . I be just get warm up . stu that 's entirely up to you . you choice . I be just try to set you up with the proper communicator . ( beat ) I suppose liza be not strong enough . I should have say madonna . voice now you be be creative . outside the booth , the angry black woman have return , bring with she a gaudily dress pimp name leon who look like he mean business . he slam he fist against the glass , nearly shatter it . leon drag you baggy butt out of that booth . we get business to conduct out of there . felicia he be in there all day . stu I be not through . leon hang up that receiver or I will make you eat the fuck thing ! stu fuck off or I will call a cop . leon do you see one around here ? what you think I be gonna be do while you be wait for a prowl car to get assign ? I be about to cut you a second asshole if you do not vacate that premise . stu I can not . felicia he 's get he a fuck cellular . what 's he need to be on we booth for ? stu I can not explain it . leon I be not interested in you explanation even if you have any . he withdraw a switchblade knife from he pocket but do not open it -- yet . leon if I flick this , I use it . stu I will make it worth you while to go away . how much do you want ? leon make I a offer . stu thirty dollar . it 's all I have get in cash . take it and go . leon you be offer to rent my phone booth ? for how long ? stu I do not know . for as long as it take . leon what 's so special in there ? stu do you want the money ? leon be that a genuine rolex you have get on ? stu come on , man . that 's my good watch . leon that 's what it 's gonna take . stu then here . take the damn thing . leon and the thirty ! stu take it all . the pimp pocket the watch and the money . but do not go away . leon now I be satisfied . but you still get to deal with Felicia here . I believe you speak harshly to she . stu I apologize . leon and do she some injury . stu a accident . I be sorry about that , too . felicia the man do not sound like he mean it . leon I agree . ( to stu ) why do not you hang up a minute so we can discuss this matter at length . stu it 's long distance . I can not lose the call -- I might not get they back . leon do I have to rip that fuck phone out of there ? stu that would not be a good idea . ( into pay phone ) would it ? voice not at all . stu I give you everything I have get . leon that pinky ring look attractive . Felicia might like that . felicia it might fit . stu you want the ring , you have get the ring . if I can get it off . leon I can get it off you . Leon reach in and grab stu 's ring hand . stu let go of I ! it 's come loose . there. ( he toss it ) okay , Felicia , with my deep apology . Goodbye now . leon what 's really go on in that booth -- that escape the naked eye ? stu nothing . talk . that 's all . leon that you connection on the end of the line ? or be you deal ? stu this have nothing to do with drug . leon you gotta be high on something to willingly divest yourself of you valuable -- just to maintain occupancy of a fuck phone booth that the local bum piss in every night . stu I know it smell for some reason . leon you look like you be ready to piss yourself . stu because I be . leon maybe if the city provide decent public toilet , folk would not relieve themselves in the subway station and phone booth ! stu I will take it up with the mayor . leon next thing you know you be gonna claim we mug you -- take you billfold and watch . stu no , you do not . it be a fair and equitable deal . you have territorial rights to this booth and I pay a license fee . Fair be fair . now leave I in peace . leon you sure you be alright ? ( to Felicia ) he do not look well . felicia kind of pale . even for a white man . leon jaundice they call it . probably advanced liver trouble . ( to stu ) if it 's cirrhosis , you better find yourself a twelve step program and quick . stu thanks for you interest but I be in perfect health . felicia so how come he hand be shaking ? leon the man be crack up . felicia lookit the sweat pour off the sonofabitch . that 's one sick mother you start up with , Leon ! leon I ? you be the one that bring I over and expose I to all he germ . stu I be terminal , okay ? now can I close the booth and continue my conversation ? leon I be worried now it might be catch . all that money out of you sweaty pocket be probably crawl with some rare and incurable disease . stu Fine . give it back . leon what good 's that ? we do touch it . stu well go wash you hand . leon come on now . own up to what you be carry . be it some of that sexually transmit shit ? Cause in that case , we can relax . stu I be sick of you . now get out of my face . leon here we 's be solicitous as to you health and you respond by heaping abuse ! felicia whip he arrogant ass . Leon reach into the booth and grab stu 's jacket . stu touch I and I will throw up on you . at the suggestion , Leon let go quickly . it look like a stalemate . stu be not vacate the booth and Leon and he lady be reluctant to touch he further . he do indeed look sick . stu ( into pay phone ) you can see what I be up against here . voice want I to get rid of he for you ? stu what do you have in mind ? voice I will think of something . suddenly the red dot reappear on the forehead of the pimp . Leon do not realize it 's there . the hooker behind he have no way of see it . but to stu , there 's no way to miss it . he react . stu God -- no. ( into pay phone ) do not . it 's not necessary . voice you ask for my help . stu I will handle it myself . voice you be not do too well . I can settle it in a fraction of a second . shall I demonstrate ? stu no. ( to Leon ) for you own safety , mister , just walk away . leon now the man be turn aggressive ... issue threat upon my person . stu you be make this happen . leon if you do not hang up and step out , I be about to topple this booth into the gutter with you inside it . reluctant to touch stu again , Leon assault the booth itself . he begin shaking it violently -- try to rip it from its foundation . and the rickety booth be not too sturdy . it start rock back and forth . stu be throw around inside it , barely keep he foot . stu ( into pay phone ) this be not my fault . ( shout ) stop that ! but Leon continue rock the booth . it will not come loose -- so in frustration , he punch in a side pane of glass . the glass shatter all around stu , who do he best to shield himself from the sliver . stu ( into pay phone ) the guy 's insane ! voice only one way to stop a mad dog . give I permission . stu I can not . voice if he force you out of that booth , I have tell you what to expect . you or he , stu . Leon be smash other pane of glass now -- one after another -- as stu cower inside . felicia do not cut yourself , honey . a crowd of derelict and street people be now gather to watch the out of control pimp take out he wrath on the booth and its occupant . derelict look like the fucker be comin ' loose . STREET person shove it out into the oncoming traffic . derelict what will you bet the bus could knock that fifty foot ? the booth be be decimate but stu hang onto the phone . stu ( into pay phone ) hello ? hello ? voice ( with heavy static ) you be break up . we be about to be cut off . stu I can not help it ! voice that count as a hang -up . stu no . it can not . that 's not fair . voice I can still make he stop . say the word . can you hear I ? stu yes . stu see the red dot reappear on Leon 's chest as he continue to barrage the booth with punch and kick . then Leon recoil , stagger a step backward . he do not realize he 's be shot . there 's be no sound of gunfire . perhaps a silencer be use -- or the downtown traffic drown out the solitary discharge . Leon look confuse at first . his ladyfriend have no idea he 's wounded -- neither do the derelict and street people who have assemble on the corner . even stu be not sure -- until the blood start ooze from the wound on the pimp 's chest -- stain he yellow vest . he be not assault the booth anymore . he 's try to keep he balance . he slump forward , hang onto the booth for support -- only a few inch from stu 's face . the blood run down the side of the booth . stu ( into pay phone ) you do it ! voice you say ' yes . ' stu I say ' yes , I can hear you . ' not ' yes -- kill the motherfucker ! ' voice do not try to renege on it . I be follow order . stu you be twist it all around . I do not do this ! meanwhile , Leon lean upright against the booth . then he leg cave in and he begin to slide to he knee . Felicia run up beside he . she see the blood . felicia I warn you not to cut yourself . ( to crowd ) look at all that blood . he must have hit a artery . she scream as Leon topple backwards onto the pavement . now he chest wound be evident . felicia oh , Jesus . what be that ? talk to I ! what happen ? the crowd tighten around the fall body . Street people who be fascinate but not shocked . derelict gunshot ! STREET person yeah . suck chest wound right over the heart . felicia somebody call a ambulance . STREET person call the meatwagon . he 's fuck up . felicia you shut the fuck up ! her focus turn to stu in the batter phone booth . felicia why do you do that to he ? stu I do not . felicia ( to crowd ) you all see it ! he shot my man without no provocation ! derelict yeah . pumped one right into he at close range . stu how could I ? I do not even have a gun . look ! STREET person everybody get the fuck back ! they shoot one -- then they shoot everybody in sight ! kill all the fuck witness ! the crowd disperse to doorway and around the corner -- out of immediate range . stu come back . you have get to see -- I be not armed . only Felicia remain , lean over the pimp 's body , stare helplessly . felicia hang up and dial 911 . get a doctor ! stu I can not hang up . that 's what this be all about . felicia you be gonna stand there and let he die ? stu ( take out cellular ) I can use this . ( he dial ) emergency . yes . there 's be a shoot at forty-fifth and eighth -- on the corner . a man be down . what 's the difference who I be ? I do not want to be involved . felicia ( shout ) that 's bullshit . he 's the shooter . you be talk to the shooter . stu quickly disconnect the cellular . stu that be not nice . felicia go ahead -- make a fuck run for it . I hope they gun you down -- like you do he ! stu I be not go anyplace . I be stay right here in this booth . ( into pay phone ) unless you give I permission . voice you be attract a lot of attention . I suppose when the police get there , you will accuse I . stu what do you expect I to say ? voice that 's up to you . but any mention of I will not be appreciate . stu you mean ...? voice you will not even get to finish you sentence . oh look , that little red dot be dance around all over you again . you see how quickly it can happen . and how accurate I can be . stu they can not blame I -- I be not armed . voice who 's go to believe that ? with all that witness to the contrary . stu they can see with they own eye . not far away , we hear the blast of police siren draw closer . voice remember to leave I out of it . stu how can I ? voice you will put the proper spin on it . be not that you specialty ? feed the public a story that may not have a shred of truth -- and make it totally believable ? stu this be not a story . this be real . this be murder . voice if you would only deal with the man reasonably , show he some respect , this might not have be necessary . stu I give he my money , my watch ... voice but not you respect . which be what he require of you . stu he be a fuck thief . voice and now he 's a fuck dead thief . do you feel better about that ? stu I do not feel a bit guilty . this be all you do ! voice now you be be disrespectful of I . you never learn . you job be to deal with people -- but you be not good at it . stu hey , I be not take any more criticism from some lunatic sniper who get he kick kill stranger . voice you keep insist I be a stranger . probably because you do not recognize the voice . but there be cheap electronic device available that disguise the voice . I might not even be a man . I might be one of that many woman you have almost totally forget . one who do not forgive easily . one who want to watch you squirm . stu you be a man . I know you be a man . woman do not kill with telescopic rifle . they stab you . voice you sound so sure of that . but you have never provoke any man as much as have the woman in you life . and so many of they , stu. ( a beat ) do you even remember they name ? stu I have get no time to rehash my whole life . oh my God ! the cop be here . Police car be pull up on all side of eighth Avenue . traffic have suddenly be shut down . prowl car have now block the street . production note : everything be see from stu 's perspective without intercut . half a dozen cop now emerge and approach with draw gun . felicia ( point ) that 's he -- in the booth . he 's get a gun ! as she hurl accusation , she 's lug Leon 's lifeless body out into the gutter into the center of eighth Avenue . it 's a bright afternoon . in the distance , we hear the madden honking of uptown traffic that be now be reroute , create a huge bottleneck and raise the anger of irate motorist and bus driver whose horn provide they simple form of protest . it 's a discordant concert that echoe the confusion and frustration which stu now feel ... as the cop surround the booth -- at a distance . sergeant ( into bullhorn ) throw down you weapon and come out with you hand raise . stu ( into phone ) they be order I to come out . voice I can see that . ignore they . stu what if they open fire ? voice they probably will not . look across on the east side of the street . do you see the tourist with the home video camera ? stu' Pov a distant crowd gather on the opposite west side corner behind the police car . some tourist be capture the event on video . back to stu stu what about he ? voice he 's go to keep the police on they best behavior . so long as you do not take what could be interprete as hostile action , you will be safe . stu you call this safe ? six cop with gun point my way ? voice you want I to reduce they to three -- or two ? stu absolutely no more shoot . now be that clear ? voice you can always change you mind . sergeant ( with bullhorn ) you know the drill . hand clasped behind the back of you neck -- move slowly -- step out of the booth . if we see any sign of a weapon , we will respond . stu ( shout ) you will not , because there be not any . sergeant ( bullhorn ) I repeat . raise you hand . stu I can not . I be on a phone call . now a black police captain arrive and take full command of the situation . captain ramey you have thirty second to comply . stu I tell you . I be busy . come back later . voice very good , stu . the cop take cover behind park car , keep stu clearly in they sight . he have no place to hide . he 's in the batter phone booth in plain view from all side . ramey you have be give a order . the sergeant slide up beside the Captain to confer . production note : we remain in long shot of the cop -- always from stu 's Pov . but we can hear they voice and all that be say as if they be in close up . it have a odd , unreal and distance effect . sergeant we be deal with a mental case . he 's look for we to kill he . ramey well he 's not get he wish . in the center of the street , a ambulance pull up and a team of medic jump out . they rush to Leon 's body . ( again we hear they voice close , even though visually they be far off . ) felicia tell I he 's gonna be alright . medic step aside . let we look at he . the medic push she aside -- then examine the victim . he 's doa . medic nothing we can do . do not touch the body . they will need it to mark the crime scene . Far across the street , the Captain confer with he subordinate . they be small figure on the screen but we hear they sharply . sergeant same corner as two week ago . ramey maybe it 's more than a coincidence . cover I . I need to talk to he . sergeant you have get you vest on ? ramey what do you think ? the Captain step out of cover and boldly approach the phone booth . he stop cautiously about fifteen foot away . ramey I be not armed . stu neither be i. ramey yeah , sure . I need to know what happen . stu can not talk about it . ramey sure you can . my name 's ramey . Captain Ed ramey . what 's yours ? stu look , I do not want to be friend . ramey you look like you need a friend . voice tell he you have already get a friend . stu ( yell ) I have get a friend , okay . ramey be that who you be talk to on the phone ? stu none of you business . ramey when somebody get shot , it become my business . let 's not have anybody else kill . I want to hear you side of it . stu I have get no side of it . voice do not worry , stu . I have get he fix right in my sight . I will not let he hurt you . ramey have this happen to you before ? the need to hurt someone ? to put a bullet in they ? stu you will not believe anything I say . ramey try I . stu I could not shoot anybody . I be not armed . ramey you be right . I do not believe you . what 's that bulge in you pants pocket ? stu that ? that 's my cellular . ramey a cellular ? then what be you do in a phone booth make call ? stu do you want to see it ? ramey do not reach for it , mister . stu then how can I show it to you ? ramey I do not need to see it . I know what 's there . all this witness see you use it on he . from behind a park car , a homeless person call out . STREET person ( holler ) damn straight ! another derelict , crouch in a doorway , join in . derelict ( shout ) yeah ! shot he down like a dog ! stu they be all lie . nobody see it because it do not happen . ramey a man be dead but it do not happen . stu not on account of I ! this be like some bad dream . ramey you be walk through a bad dream and you can not wake up . do you want to wake up ? stu I be try . ramey and in this dream , you kill that man . he be bother you so you iced he . stu no . ramey then who do ? voice do not tell he , stu . or it will be the last thing he ever hear . his blood will be on you hand . stu ( to ramey ) I do not know . ramey but you see it happen ? stu yes . ramey you be the close one to he . you must have see who do it . stu no . ramey we be try to be honest with each other , be not we ? stu not necessarily . voice I be lose patience with this cop . stu ( into phone ) I be handle this . ramey who do you keep talk to on the phone ? stu nobody . my psychiatrist . voice excellent , stu . you be get good at this . ramey what 's this doctor 's name ? it 's important we know . stu he say not to tell you . it 's privileged information . voice damn good reply . now you be have fun . admit it . stu whatever you say . voice play it so close to the edge . I will bet you have never feel so alive . that 's how I feel when I look through the sight and select somebody . the Captain begin advance a few step closer . ramey I respect you right to privacy . I have be to therapy myself . the department provide it . I know it 's not good form for a cop to be admit that , but ... voice tell he not to come any closer . stu stop right there . back up a few step . back where you be . ramey if it make you more comfortable . voice tell he to read you you rights . stu I want you to read I my rights and stop ask question . ramey Al least tell I you first name . stu it 's my right not to have any name . ramey no gun and no name . you be a highly underprivileged person . voice demand a lawyer . stu and get I a lawyer , too . I want a lawyer bring down here to negotiate my surrender . voice brilliant , stu. keep wing it . ramey it will be hard to find a lawyer willing to risk he life . but if you hand over the gun ... stu how can I when you will not let I take it out ? ramey we will take it out for you -- as soon as you exit the booth with you hand raise and ... stu ( interrupt ) now we be back to that again . it 's always " get out of the booth . ' ' you can not stay in the booth . ' well , I like it in the fuck booth . it 's my whole world now . it 's my booth and I be never come out . ramey we be not about to force you because there could be a miscalculation and then we would never find out why this happen . stu why be it so important to know ? the guy be dead . be not that enough ? know be not go to make he alive again . so who give a fuck ! ramey it 's what make the job interesting . find out why . something drive you to do this . you do not go out today expect this to happen . it be a nice day . you be out for a walk . and then suddenly it all change . stu all I want be to make a phone call . one lousy phone call for thirty - five fuck cent . voice careful , stu . do not volunteer too much . ramey you get some bad news on that call . stu the worst . ramey something that push you over the edge ? stu and I have be fall ever since . ramey time to land . stu when you hit bottom , you die . ramey I be you safety net . stu if I tell you what you want to know -- you will die , too . something about the imply threat send a chill through Captain ramey . insert shot the Captain 's head as see through a telescopic sight . ramey could be dead in a instant . production note : the only time we deviate from stu 's perspective be when we see the sniper 's Pov through he scope . angle back on stu in the booth , the detective fifteen foot away . ramey decide to back off momentarily . ramey I will go see about that lawyer . stu now that 's a good idea . the Captain withdraw back across the street . voice he 's lucky . I have he center in my cross hair . I really have to restrain myself . we hear the approach of a helicopter . stu peer up ward as not one but two chopper appear above the tall building . voice it 's not the police . it 's the media . you be news , Stuart . the helicopter circle above . voice you have never get this much press for any of you client . I be make you a famous person . stu they be just hope for coverage of I die in the gutter . voice they presence be put the police on they continue best behavior . stu that cop be just look for any excuse . voice then do not give they one . then , as if on cue , stu 's cellular phone in he pocket start ringing . but he can not allow himself to reach for it . to do so might cause the police to believe he be try to draw he gun . it ring quietly -- virtually inaudible outside the booth . drown out by the traffic horn , the static from the police radio and the newly introduce sound of television helicopter circle over eighth Avenue take video coverage of the event below . voice who could it be ? stu Kelly . she be worried about I . stu be afraid to reach in he pocket lest the cop think he 's go for a gun . voice maybe she 's see this on television . it must be on every channel by now . break news . stu she do not watch daytime tv . voice one of the neighbor could have alert she . the cell phone keep ringing , almost drown out by the sound of helicopter circle overhead . stu why be you say this ? you want I to reach in my pocket so you can see they open fire ? voice that 's a unwarranted accusation and very unbecome in light of the good advice I have give in the past . have I ever steer you wrong ? stu God -- how I would love to hear she voice . voice it might even be worth it . she 's insistent , be not she ? the cellular will not stop ringing . stu if she know I be in trouble , she will not give up . voice probably glue to the tv by now . I be watch coverage on two station now . Channel surfing . ( pause ) well , there you be on two and four and five . not any decent angle on you , though , stick inside there . the cell phone continue beep until the sound of it be madden . stu be still afraid to reach for it and provide the cop with a excuse to open fire . voice but if you would take one or two step outside and look up , I think they could get a clear picture of you . stu you say I be not allow to leave the booth . finally the cell phone stop ringing . voice I might be willing to bend the rule and let you enjoy you moment of fame . set the phone down without hang up ... and take a step or two outside . just for a minute . then come straight back in or I will be force to provide ' live ' coverage that should rival the historic Zapruder footage . ( beat ) nothing like a explode head to excite viewer interest . stu no , thanks . I will stay where I be . voice it be only a suggestion . since you be convinced I be go to plug you anyway , it can not matter much . stu if you shoot I , you give yourself away . voice even without a muffler , they would never hear the report with all this noise . afterwards , it would take they a good ten minute to realize you be not plugge by some overzealous officer . then they will blame the media for incite a crackpot vigilante to come down here and do the swat team 's job for they . stu you expect they to come . you have this all work out . voice I write the scenario and you all play you part -- as direct . the damned cell phone start beep again . stu fight the temptation to grab for it and hear Kelly 's voice for one last time . stu poor Kelly . what she must be go through . voice why do not you tell she how you feel about she ? stu I would never get the word out . not with fifteen or twenty round in I . voice you can not be certain they would fire . they would see it be only a phone . stu they would not wait to see . the cellular ringing continue jangling stu 's nerve . stu why do not she hang up ? then stu notice something in the crowd gather far across the street behind the police barricade . countless face rubberneck , probably hope to see some display of violence that would end with he face down dead on the pavement . and in the midst of they -- one face familiar to he . a female , quite pretty ... even in tear . it 's Kelly . ( we see she only in long shot -- a distant figure in bright green jacket that make she stand out from the crowd . ) stu it 's she ! she 's not call I . she 's over there . voice be she ? stu the blonde girl in the green jacket . voice can not miss she . very attractive , be not she ? stu she must have hear all the commotion and come downstairs . the cellular be still ringing . stu it 's somebody else who know my cell number . ( beat ) it 's you ! voice you continue to impress . stu why be it so important that they kill I ? voice because that 's how I win . stu this time you will not . if you want I dead , you will have to do it yourself . voice either way I can not lose . stu it 's all a game to you -- because you be incapable of feeling . you be not even human . voice I pride myself on that . what 's so great about be human ? it 's the lowest form of life on this planet and I have take it upon myself to thin the herd . stu I quit . I be not answer back any more . I will not hang up but I be not play . there 's silence now between they . voice stu ? stu , do not be that way . you be take the pleasure out of it . stu do not take the bait . he remain absolutely silent . a stalemate have be reach . we rack focus across the STREET to the police cluster behind a emergency vehicle . the sergeant bring a civilian to meet Captain ramey of the swat unit . the newcomer wear coverall stencile " at&amp ; T . " ( although they be very far away , we hear they voice close up as they come into sharper focus . ) sergeant this here 's helfand , of New York telephone . helfand glad to help out . ramey have you get the number of that booth ? helfand sure do . ramey can you tap into that call ? helfand it can be do . sergeant but not without a warrant . you could be violate this psycho 's civil rights . especially if he 's on the line with he fuck psychiatrist . ramey shit . I do not want to blow this on a technicality . trace the call be not any violation , be it ? sergeant as long as we do not listen in . we remain in long shot of the police as they continue in heat conversation . ramey ( to helfand ) okay , we have get to know who he 's talk to and they current location . helfand that I can handle . as long as they keep the circuit open . ramey I need the number and a address to go with it . helfand rush off . at the corner , we can glimpse he enter a phone company utility truck park on forty - fifth Street . rack focus back to phone booth stu remain tight lipped and silent , refuse to give he tormentor the conversation he so crave . voice Stuart , my friend . do you want to see how close I can come without actually hit you ? stu resist plead because he know he silence be more powerful . there 's no glass in the leave side of the booth since the late Leon smashed it all out . nothing to shatter when the sniper squeeze off he shot . voice May I call attention to the yellow page ? the fray yellow phonebook dangle from a chain under the telephone shudder under the impact of a direct hit . there 's be no sound of a gunshot , but the damage be there to behold . stu reach for the phonebook . there 's a bullet hole straight through it . piece of the .30 calibre slug have shattered into many tiny fragment and be imbed between the page , half - way through the thick volume . stu pries piece out of the page of the directory . he look at they in the palm of he hand . voice hollow point be design to break up on impact . it would have behave differently if it have pierce you soft flesh . the piece would have bounce around look for a way out . that 's where the real damage occur -- find a exit -- deflect off all that bone ... stu want to shout " stop , " but restrain himself . not talk give he some degree of power . voice still the silent treatment ? my father use to dish that out when he choose to punish I . not a word speak -- one time for over a month . I would try and goad he to acknowledge I exist , but he stare right through I . you be bring back unhappy childhood , stu . that 's not wise . stu still decline to answer . his silence seem he only weapon . he toss the bullet fragment out of the booth onto the pavement . voice since you be ignore I , I will focus on someone else . ( a beat ) there she be -- nice and sharp . I can see the two little puncture in each earlobe and my God , what kind of a girl would have she nostril pierce ? stu realize the sniper now have Kelly in he sight . stu no ! voice what be that ? louder , stu . we must have a bad connection . stu leave she out of it . voice I do not expect she to show up here . but since she have -- I will improvise . stu do not . please do not . I be sorry . I be talk to you again . I will talk all you want ! voice it 's a bad dye job . the black root be grow in and it make she look cheap . stu I have screw up she life enough already . please do not hurt she . voice I do not necessarily have to kill she . I could be persuade to settle for a reasonable mutilation . which part of she displease you most ? if she turn a bit more in profile , I be accurate enough to remove the tip of she unpleasantly protrude nose . it 's just cartilage . any decent cosmetic surgeon will have she look better than ever . stu' Pov - focus shift to kelly in the crowd . distant yet distinct amongst the curious onlooker . jump CUT closer on kelly -- oblivious to her danger . as see through cross hair of telescopic sight follow she as she force she way through the crowd toward the police officer . her face virtually fill the screen . production note : the only time we deviate from stu and he Pov be when we see the sniper 's own Pov through he telescopic sight . voice you can see she talk to the police now . she 's identify herself as you wife . they be very interested in who you be . they be take she over to see the officer in charge . what be he name ? sniper' Pov through the cross hair of the sniperscope , we can see Kelly converse with Captain ramey . she 's in a state of complete agitation . angle on stu half lean out of the booth , stare at he wife and the cop in the distance . rack focus to they -- and suddenly we can hear they clearly in spite of the distance . kelly what do you mean psychiatrist ? he do not see any psychiatrist . ramey then who would you husband be talk to ? kelly there be some guy that call the house this morning and say weird stuff to I . ramey stu seem to be check thing out with this person . kelly he have not get many friend -- I can tell you that . ramey remain here , please . we may need you later . kelly you will not hurt he ? ramey we will do we best not to . Kelly be leave alone as the Captain return to they command center . Kelly be once again a solitary target . she could be pick off without attract undue attention . voice she will not even feel it when it happen . back to phone booth stu take I instead . voice do not distract I . now 's the time to be absolutely still . I have to hold my breath as I squeeze gently -- stu no ! I be hang up . that 's it . stu hang up the receiver . he disconnect . rack focus to long shot -- the police as they react . we see a flurry of activity across the street . voice become clear as focus shift . ramey shit . he hang up . sergeant maybe they already trace it . anyhow , it do not matter . look like he 's come out . rack focus back to stu -- slowly step out of the booth . his hand be raise . stu ( shout ) I have give myself up . take I ! swat officer ( distant ) first the gun . we want to see you toss away you weapon ! stu shit. I can not . swat officer ( distant ) freeze where you be ! turn around and keep that hand clasped . ( signal the other ) take he . the swat officer in protective gear now step out of cover and fan out as they approach the booth . tighter on stu he 's just outside the booth -- expect to feel the sniper 's bullet go through he at any moment . then the pay phone start ringing . the sniper be call back . rack focus again to the police . all the cop react . particularly the Captain and the sergeant . they voice seem close up when they sharpen in focus . sergeant what be go on with this fuck phone call ? ramey ( shout ) hold you fire . let he answer it . the swat team back up but maintain they aim . sergeant be you nut ? ramey let they talk . he 's not go anywhere . ( shout ) he 's go back inside the booth . indeed we see stu re-enter the batter phone booth and pick up the receiver . focus return to stu stu ( into pay phone ) yeah ? a strange voice begin chatter away in Spanish . totally unintelligible to stu . stu ( into pay phone ) you get the wrong number . hang up . the voice , probably a Puerto rican gentleman , rattles on in Spanish . stu wrong number . wrong number . then the voice on the phone suddenly alter the Hispanic accent . it be the now familiar tone of he tormentor . voice aw , relax , stu . only yanking you chain . now can we start over ? stu that cop will not wait much longer . voice what else can they do ? they can not afford to just shoot you like I can . not with so much media coverage . not unless you make some stupid aggressive move . ( beat ) the ABC mobile unit just roll up . across the street , stu can see various tv unit from local station set up camera on roof of truck . stu will you look at that ? I must be go out over the network . Bet they be pre-empt usual programming . voice and just think -- if you survive this , you trial will be televise . and you can try and make the world believe I ever exist . I would be you only defense . stu how be they gonna prove that I kill anybody when there 's no gun ? voice they will plant one . the police be not above that -- when they be desperate to convict . stu no , sir . no gun and I walk . voice do not you think I take that into account ? be I a fool ? stu what do you mean ? voice have not I consider every eventuality ? I know they would come and cordon off the block . ( beat ) and that there would have to be a gun someplace . stu where ? voice it 's a small booth , stu . have you check every inch of it ? stu ( look up and down ) it 's not on the floor . voice then what 's leave ? stu up above . voice could be . why do not you reach up there and lift the plastic sheet -- and feel around . stu if they see I reach for something , they could open fire . voice they could . but you have to know if it 's there . do not you ? stu I totally do not give a shit . voice in a narrow space , tuck just to the leave of the fluorescent bulb . you can almost see it outline if you look closely . stu peer upward at the cloud plastic , now stain and dirty . there be shadow of object above in the shallow area around the light fixture that automatically go on when the door to the phone booth be tightly close . stu open and close the door a few time , watch the light click on -- watch the shadow around the light . could that be a accumulation of dirt , dust , or dead insect ? or could something be stashed up there ? stu it do not matter . I know about ballistic . the slug in that dead guy come from you rifle , not any handgun . voice you see how hollow point splinter on impact . there 's nothing much for ballistic to match to . the same make .30 calibre bullet be in that handgun . the prosecution rest . stu there 's no gun up there . I do not see a damn thing . voice slide you finger up under the plastic and you will feel the cold metal surface . there be four round leave in it . should you decide to shoot you way out . stu I could never shoot anybody . voice you could shoot I , stu . you would do that in a minute if you could . stu and I would fuck love it ! voice now you be speak from the heart . come on , just lift the partition a few inch and feel what 's there for you . stu I be not get my fingerprint on you fuck weapon . what about powder residue ? how be they go to explain that to a jury ? voice do you think that will matter with so many eye witness ? ( beat ) do it ... or should I re-focus my attention on Kelly ? stu no . voice you carefully distract I from she before and I let you get away with it . but if you be not go to play fairly -- ( a pause ) there she be again . so close I feel like I could touch she . stu get off she ! voice then mind I when I speak . stu look ! I be reach up with my leave hand . I be push against the partition . it 's give . I be feel around with my fingertip . it 's filthy up there . tight shot - stu' finger feel about inside the shallow space . the shrivel remain of dead fly -- a layer of dust -- and then a .30 handgun . stu I be -- touch something . voice one of the finest handgun remington make . lightweight , efficient and highly accurate . stu I be not pick it up . voice not right now . but eventually ... stu lower he hand , still empty . stu I would not have a chance . voice I never say you would . stu I be not insane . voice but you be get there . it would not take much . stu that will not happen . voice you could pull the gun down , shove it in you own mouth and jerk the trigger . that 's another option . stu why would I do that ? voice to please I . and ensure that nothing happen to Kelly . I do not necessarily have to deal with she today in the midst of a crowd of cop . I can take she out any time I like . when she go to pull down she blind at night or when she walk the dog first thing in the morning . what be it -- a Jack Russell ? stu okay . I know you can do it . but do not talk about that . please . voice I would rather see you remember as the gallant gunman who try to shoot he way past a army of police -- than as a coward who suck the barrel . I be do you pr for you . creating a final image that will endure . the outrage New Yorker who be push too far . when some lowlife street person try to invade he territory , he retaliate . and when the force of the law close in , he be defiant ... to the end . stu like that nerdy sonofabitch who blow that three wiseass kid away on the subway ? voice exactly . nobody minded that he be a sicko . he be live out a New Yorker 's pet fantasy . can you remember that movie where Peter finch start scream ' I be not take it anymore ! ' and everybody pick up on it . stu ' I be mad as hell and I be not take it anymore . ' voice that be it . poor finch get himself a oscar for that . but he be dead by then . I mean he really die . maybe play that part take too much out of he . stu ( softly to himself ) ' I be not take it anymore . ' ' I be not take it anymore . ' voice that 's the way ! psyche yourself up . everybody respects a man who fight back , even if he go a little berserk in the process . stu Fighting back . that 's what it 's about . voice exactly ! we all understand the poor schmuck that get laid off and come back and shoot all he boss . we all think of do that . but only he have the ball . the terminally ill husband who get he policy cancel and machine gun the insurance company office . maybe somebody will finally get the message . you can fuck human being over only for so long before they come back at you . I be still hold on Kelly and she look very concerned . I could relieve all that anguish in a fraction of a second . shall I ? stu be hearing this word but think only of what the man on the line have do to he . his turn have come to fight back . he have a idea . if the sniper be focus on Kelly , he can not be watch stu . turn he back to the police , stu slowly sink to he knee . stu I be on my knee begging you . voice stand up , stu . you be embarrassing yourself . tight angle -- stu now down on he knee in the booth . he 's curl up almost into a fetal position . by do so , he hope to hide the fact that he 's reach into he pants pocket and pull out he cellular phone . he half expect to hear a shot ring out either from the sniper or the cop . but nothing happen . voice stu -- I want you back on you foot face I . so you can see what I be go to do to she . stu ignore the command . he 's quickly dial . 911 . he 's call police emergency . sniper' Pov stu see through the cross hair of the sniperscope , crouch , double up at the foot of the booth . but the cell phone be hide in front of he . voice be a man , Stuart . do not let they see you like this . you be a embarrassment to I . wider shot - the booth with stu still kneel . rack focus to police across the street as they voice become clear -- sergeant ( listen to transmission ) Officer on east side of the street report subject remove a dark metallic object from he pocket . we better move . ramey hold all fire until you actually identify a weapon . we be do this on fuck tv ! rack focus back to -- stu in the booth crouch forward . the pay phone receiver dangle just above he head . the cellular remain cup in he hand . stu never lift the cell phone . he keep the palm of he hand over the speaker of the phone to muffle any sound from the other end . it ring and finally someone answer . emergency operator ( faint ) Police . be this a emergency ? hello ? be someone on the line ? but stu address himself loudly to the pay phone which he now grip in he other hand . hope that he word will be pick up by the emergency operator listen via the cellular . to help in this regard , he reach back and slide the door to the booth tightly close . he pretend to be talk to the sniper but he word be mean for the 911 operator to hear . stu ( loud ) you have make you point . who 's go to believe I have get a sniper with a telescopic sight hold I in a fuck phone booth at 45th and 8th ? voice it take you a while to believe it yourself . stu if you would put a bullet in that Captain ramey , it would have be a different story -- but you be too wise to do that . voice why do not you do it for I ? Wave the old captain back over and get he nice and close and then use the handgun on he . stu ( talk loud ) why I ? you could pick off any of that cop from you window up there . like you do that pimp . and that tourist last week . but this time you want I to do you kill for you . voice and you will ! to save Kelly . extreme tight shot - cell phone cup in stu 's hand and hold low . can they hear he on the other end ? emergency operator ( muffle , almost inaudible ) can you speak up , sir ? what be you name ? stu be concerned that the sniper might hear the voice of the emergency operator . he set the cell phone down flat on the floor of the booth face upward . he put he foot over the receive end to muffle the income voice . then he stand up . voice that 's better , stu . now turn around so I can see you . stu talk close into the pay phone receiver now . but keep he voice raise . stu this booth . it 's my whole world -- shrink down to four foot by three foot . not much bigger than the size of a coffin . voice they can put handle on the booth and bury you in it . stu ( loudly into pay phone ) when I see you put that bullet into that black dude , I know you would never let I out of this phone booth alive . voice you be waste my time . reach up and take the gun . stu ( peer upward , squinting ) let I see you first . what harm can that do you ? you be in one of that window . I have get to know which one . voice no need for that . stu be so far , I could never identify you . I do not even want to . voice what be it then ? stu do not worry that I would try to point you out . you would shut I up with one of you .30 calibre hollow point before I could even raise a finger . voice why do it matter so much ? stu I want to see that you exist . like God exist . it 's not enough to believe . you want to see he -- just once -- even at a distance . voice and then you would take the gun down . and use it . we have a deal on that ? stu show yourself to I and I will take the gun down . I swear . there 's a pause as the sniper mull it over . voice I do not have to make deal . and you be irritate I by try to negotiate . God do not have to prove anything . he just strike you down when he get in the mood . stu stop ! I will not ask to see you anymore . voice I be glad that 's settle . but look who else have show up ? stu who ? voice I guess she see the coverage on tv and just could not keep away . stu what be you talk about ? voice the ' hotel ' just arrive . and a very beautiful little hotel she be . actually , I would classify she as more of a motel . stu mavis ? I do not see she . voice she 's too far back behind the police line . but I have get a fine shot at she from up here . stu you do not even know what she look like . voice you be in a enviable position now , stu . you get to choose between they . tell I which one . stu I can not . voice which will it be ? Kelly or mavis ? or should I simply select one ? insert shot - the cell phone lie face up on the floor of the booth . be anybody listen ? back to stu stu look down at the cellular . he have no way of know if the police operator can hear any of he word . stu I need time to think ... voice you have get to be more in touch with you feeling . you say you love Kelly . stu I do . voice then I be do you a favor put you out of the way of temptation . stu it be not mavis ' fault . it be all my fault . voice then take the third option . reach above you and pick up the gun . stu you will leave they both alone ? voice there will not be much point in harm they without you around to impress . stu I will do it . voice let I see you do it . stu I need one minute . one last minute , please . can you give I that ? voice do not tell I you be go to say you prayer ? stu something like that . we rack focus away to long shot - the police assemble on the opposite side of the street . ramey they should have trace the fuck call by now . sergeant ( listen on transmitter ) there 's something else come in . a 911 operator say you name be mention by somebody that 's still on the line . somebody talk about a phone booth . and a sniper . ramey patch I through . hello , this be Captain Edward ramey . what about that call ? emergency operator the line be still open . it 's originate from a booth at 45th and 8th . ramey we be there ! can you play I back you recording of the entire call ? emergency operator I can not replay the tape while it 's still run . ramey then switch to another machine and play back what you have get . emergency operator it 's awful faint . he 's not talk directly into the receiver . ramey begin to listen . we hear snatch of stu 's call pick up word which be at time incomprehensible . stu' voice ( faint ) ' who 's go to believe I have get a sniper with a telescopic sight hold I in some fuck phone booth ... ' the uniform telephone technician now join ramey and the sergeant . telephone technician get what you want . the call 's come from up the street . the Hotel Broadway . ramey have you get the room ? telephone technician it 's not that easy . Electronic switchboard . ramey ( to sergeant ) move you swat unit to the hotel . no ... wait . any movement will alert the sniper . if he see any of we withdraw , he may panic . sergeant there 's another swat unit on the way . ramey intercept they . divert they to the hotel . sergeant it 's do . ramey send they in from the forty-third Street side . I do not want any activity the sniper might catch sight of . he 's probably high up and face that booth . he 's get to continue to believe we full attention be focus on the man inside -- whoever the hell that poor bastard be . ( to emergency operator ) hello 911 operator , I miss some of that . run it halfway back and repeat it . stu' voice ( replay ) ( faint ) '... like you do that pimp . and that tourist last week . but this time you want I to do the kill for you ... ' ramey ( listen ) Jesus ... he 's a dead man . back inside phone booth voice the police seem all excited about something , stu . stu be they ? I be not look . voice I can not wait any longer . say amen , then reach up for the gun . when you hand come down , I want to see it . stu I be too afraid . voice for once , be brave . surprise yourself . stu I be shaking all over . voice guy in combat situation even shit they pants . but they follow order . stu as soon as the cop see a gun , they will open fire . voice then I would advise you to fire first . stu 's arm go up in a supreme act of willpower . his finger run along the two cloud plastic sheet that cover the roof of the booth . it raise up easily at the middle where two sheet join . tight insert shot the space between the roof of the booth and the sheet of cloud plastic . we see the fluorescent lighting fixture cover with dust . the solitary object -- a cruel - look weapon . now stu 's fingertip protrude into the small space . he touch the gun , brushes back and forth , feel the roughness of the grip . tight shot - stu' face as below he continue to hesitate -- it 's agony -- the sweat pour down he forehead and he eye be squeeze tightly shut . he can already imagine the police bullet tear into he . a police sniper be moving into position . police sniper ( into transmitter ) give I the word . rack back to stu - in the booth his arm still raise . he have not bring it down with the gun in it . not yet . he hold the pay phone receiver jamme up against he mouth . voice hard part 's over . Drop you arm and point it like you would point you finger and squeeze . stu no . you do it . if you want I dead , then fuck murder I ! voice why must I keep invoke some poor girl 's name every time we come to a impasse ? I be focus back on Kelly again . you be obviously not willing to trade you life for hers . stu I be ! I be do it ! he pull the handgun down into full view . curiously , the police do not open fire . stu there ! you see it ? they all see it . he wave the gun so nobody can miss it . stu where be you ? damn you !! he drop the receiver and step halfway out of the booth . still the cop do not open fire . then stu start shoot . not at the police , but at the high rise building across the street . at the thousand of window that look down upon he . he get off two shot before a solitary rifle shot ring out in response . rack focus to the police sniper he have fire . angle on stu the remain glass on the south side of the booth shatter . stu tumble forward , sprawling out of the booth onto the pavement . rack focus to kelly she scream , try to break through but cop restrain she . int . phone booth angle on dangling receiver as it sway back and forth . from it , we hear the voice . voice thanks for such a interesting afternoon . then there be other sound emanating from the dangling swaying phone . a wooden door be batter open . a few incomprehensible shout as a swat team dash in . stu 's stalling for time have pay off . the SOUND of a barrage of gunfire . the SOUND of a muffled scream . the police have break in on stu 's tormentor and there have be a rapid exchange of shot . a hand reach into the booth and grab the receiver . angle widen as ramey place it to he ear . ramey hello ? this be Captain ramey . somebody talk to I . swat officer's voice yeah . we take he out , Captain . nobody else get hurt . ramey what 's he condition ? swat officer's voice critical . the sonofabitch take two . probably will not survive the ride . ramey get a statement from he . I will be right over . he drop the receiver so that it dangle again . camera follows ramey to where stu lie surround by cop and medic . he 's stunne , but very much alive . medic do not try to sit up . stu what be that ? ramey ( kneel ) rubber bullet . medic you will have one hell of a nasty well . busted rib . maybe a permanent scar there . stu it could not hurt much more if you really shot I . ramey somebody be go to and we think it may as well be we . stu do you get he ? ramey sure as hell do . thanks to you . stu still alive ? ramey barely . medic we will be give he a hypo for the pain . it will put he out for a while . Kelly be now bring over by a female cop . she drop to she knee beside stu and try to embrace he . the medic restrain she . stu it 's okay . I be not really shot . kelly I be so afraid . I think ... stu I think so , too . but we be go to be alright . both of we . kelly remember how you swore up and down you would get I on tv ? well , you do . I already get interview on Fox and Channel eleven and they even want I on a.m. America tomorrow morning . stu Bet you do not think I could deliver on that . medic will you please let go of he , miss ? a gurney be wheeled over from a police ambulance . the medic be about to administer the hypo but stu push he away . stu no . no hypo . I want to see he first . the medic be now ready to lift stu onto the gurney and cart he off . but stu struggle against they . ramey relax . the guy 's die . stu that 's why I have gotta talk to he . please ! ramey we will see . medic ( to Kelly ) you can ride with he in the ambulance . the woman cop escort Kelly to the wait ambulance . ramey meanwhile try to resume contact with the swat team inside the hotel . ramey this be ramey . over . this be ramey . ten-four . there 's nothing but static , mix up feedback and multiple garble voice on the other end of the line . ramey shit . get everybody off this wavelength . he cross back to the phone booth -- pick up the dangle receiver . ramey hello . hello ! pick up ! yeah , it 's ramey again . can you hold the phone close enough so the perp can listen ? cop' voice he 's not say a word , Captain . ramey he 's not about to talk to we . maybe to he . ramey look back to where the medic be still try to lift stu onto the gurney . ramey forget that . stand he up . ( to stu ) can you stand ? stu I can try . ramey help he over here . the medic support stu and inch he back to the booth . it 's painful , but stu ignore it . ramey hold the phone up so stu can both listen and speak . ramey here . speak up . stu ( into pay phone ) it 's I . do you hear I ? answer I . voice ( wheeze ) have to have the last word , stu . stu I finally beat you ass . admit it , you fuck . voice but you will never forget I . I give you the most thrill day of you life . say thanks . stu now you be gonna die , you bastard . voice I lose a lot of blood . do not you want to donate some for I ? then we would really be part of each other . stu hang on . I can not wait to see you at the hospital . so I can yank you fuck air tube out . voice wish I could give you that pleasure . you deserve it . ( cough ) ... only I be out of time . stu what 's you name ? at least tell I who you be . there 's more violent cough , then silence . then a cop 's voice be hear . cop' voice he 's go . stu stare at the receiver . ramey do not worry . we will find out who he be . and why he pick you . stu no . you will not . ( a beat ) what do you want to bet you will not ? stu reach over and hang up the receiver . click . stu I will spend my whole life try to figure that out . then he sink into the arm of the medic who lower he onto the wait gurney . the hypo be finally administer . it kick in immediately , relieving the pain . he 's wheeled away from the booth to the wait ambulance . Kelly be already inside wait to accompany stu to the hospital . stu' Pov - be wheeled away from the empty booth pull away in low angle . camera slide back inside the ambulance with stu . the door shut , obliterate we view of the phone booth that be he entire world until moment ago . stu ( groggy ) gotta sleep now . no phone call ... Kelly smile down at he as the image blur . stu pass out -- into a deep sleep he much deserve . a siren blare . CUT to black .