pi by Darren aranofsky originally feature at : <a href= " http://screensource.wurde.com " > screensource < / a> shoot script September , 1996 title explode to white slow fade to : extreme close - up of maximilian cohen be eye pop open . int . max's apartment - chinatown flat '' new york CITY - night Max jolt he head from he desk and try to orient he - self in the darkness . he have intelligent eye set in a exhaust , good-look face . then he notice the blood drip from he nose . Max wipe it . Max 's voiceover begin : max ( v.o. ) Monday , September first . six -fifteen . int . bathroom - dawn a pull - string light flip on . Max examine he bloody nose in the mirror . max ( v.o. ) the alchemist awake . ( imitating ) " turn lead into gold , Max , lead into gold . " today , I find it . tight on Max 's hand as three unmark , circular pill hit he palm . then , he slam the pill into the back of he mouth . Max replace the cap on a plastic bottle of unmark prescription drug . he drink from the sink and splashes a generous amount of water onto he head and face , clean he nose . he wipe he nose and examine the last remnant of blood on he fingertip . then , he dip he finger under the tap . int . max's apartment - MAIN room - day Max 's room be constantly dark because the window be black out . he flip on he desk lamp . a tiny ant crawl across he desk . he look at it for a moment before get angry and squashing it . sitting on the desk be three computer monitor , which Max flip on . then he pop on more light and more switch . we pull back revealing that Max 's apartment look more like the inside of a computer than a human 's home . the room be knee-high in computer part of all shape and size . the wall be cover with circuit board . cable hang from the ceiling like vine in a brazilian rain forest . they all seem to be wire together form a monstrous homemade computer . this be euclid , Max 's creation . the computer be alive with sound and light . Max work on euclid with he solder and drill . he care for the machine as if it be he dream car max ( v.o. ) heat 's be get to euclid . feel it most in the afternoon when I run the set . have to keep the fan on all night from now on . otherwise , everything be run topnotch . the stack of 286' be now faster than Columbia 's computer science department . I spend a couple hundred dollar . Columbia 's cost ? half a million ? ( small snicker ) ha ... Max check the peephole on his front door . no one be there . he unbolt the five lock and slide into the hall . int . apartmenj hallway - day as he secure he apartment , a Young girl name jenna run up to he . her mom , down the hall , look apologetic . Jenna 's eye light up and she pull out she Fisher price calculator . jenna Max , Max ! can we do one ? mom ( over and over again ) Jenna ! Jenna ! max oh , no . jenna what 's three hundred and twenty - two time four hundred and ninety - one . Jenna type it into she calculator . Max finish lock he door . max ( instantly ) one hundred fifty - eight thousand , a hundred two . right ? jenna ( eye light up ) right . Max head down the staircase . mom Jenna ... Jenna scream after he . jenna okay , seventy - three divide by twenty - two . max ( instantly again ) Three point three one eight one eight one eight ... ext . chinatown - day Max watch people bustle through the busy intersection of Chinatown . the street be clogge with people . max ( v.o. ) somewhere in there . somewhere . I know it 's right in front of I . the pattern . they say it 's chaos , it can not be understand , too much complexity . ext . electronic megadump - day Max scavenge electronic part as he carefully navigate a endless dump for old and rotting computer . max ( v.o. ) History it 's there . lurk , shaping . structuring , hide , right beneath the surface . he unscrew a random IBM board from a keyboard and slide it into he pocket . ext playground '' day move in on Max look up at something as he recline on a public bench . max ( v.0 . ) the cycle of disease epidemics , the wax and wane of caribou population in the Arctic , sunspot cycle , the rise and fall of the Nile and yes ! the New York stock Exchange , they be all the same . move in on a tree branch - shaking gently in the wind . slow dissolve to extreme close - up of stock ticker Bright stock quote drift across the screen . max ( v.o. ) I will find this structure , this order , this perfection . int . max's apartment - day Max stare intensely at the ticker on the small tv that sit next to he monitor . max ( v.o. ) turn lead into gold . the first . right here . right here . with math . the number of the stock market be my lead . when I find the pattern , then I will find gold . Max watch the right edge of the screen where the number appear . he want to see what 's before that edge ... Max slap the return button on he computer . the phone start ringing . Max eye it suspiciously . just then , euclid start printing result on a old dot - matrix printer . Max suspiciously answer the phone . max hello ? woman' voice maximilian Cohen , please . max yeah ? woman' voice Mr. Cohen ? max who 's this ? woman' voice hi. my name be marcy Dawson . I be a partner with the predictive strategy firm lancet - percy . can I speak with Mr. Cohen , please ? max I tell you ... the printer finish printing . marcy dawson Mr. Cohen ! how be you ? it 's be a long time . sorry I have not be in touch . but I be hope you would allow I to take you to lunch tomorrow , say one o'clock ? max sorry , I can not . marcy dawson we be very anxious to talk with you , sir max I can not . marcy dawson I be prepare to make you a generous ... Max hurry to wrap up the conversation . max I do not take offer for my research . you know that . sorry , I could not help you . marcy dawson Mr. Cohen , give I a moment ... but before marcy finish , Max hang up . he rip off the printout and head to the front door . he check the peephole , his landlady . mrs . ovadia , be sweeping the hallway stair hum a turn - of - the century ( the last one , not this one ) tune . Max wait a moment . he tousle he hair . then he check again . she 's go . he open he lock and release several bolt . int . max's build hallway - day Max lock he front door . meanwhile , he next - door neighbor , devi minstry , a sexy young indian woman , be just get home . Max look away and try to get he door lock . she 's weight down by a bunch of bag fill with food . devi Max , good ! max hi , devi . dev1 I grab you some somosa . max great . devi head over to Max with she bag of food . she look up at Max . devi you hair . devi hand the bag to Max . then she go to pat down he Hair . Max retreat . max what be you do ? devi you hair , you can not go out like that . do not worry . max it 's fine . it 's fine . devi pat down he hair . Max be humiliate . devi you need a mom . Max hand back the bag and head quickly for the stair . max I have to go . devi you somosa ! a embarrassed Max take the bag . max thanks . int . coffee shop - day at the counter , Max stir cream into he coffee . then he take three pill from the plastic bottle and drop they in he coffee . Max flip past a full - page ad in the paper that read lancet - percy 86 % accuracy ( only GOD be perfect ) . Max flip the page before he or we can absorb it . he compare stock quote in the Wall Street Journal against he printout . max ( v.o. ) sixteen , twenty -seven . result : euclid show tomorrow 's Dow close up by four point . anomaly include pronet at sixty - fire and a quarter , a career high . possible explanation , either a , a error in the June fifth algorithm , or B , euclid 's main processor be run a recursion ... Max mark up the paper with line and diagram as he ponder he bit and miss . then a puff of cigarette smoke drift by and succeed in bother Max . he fan it away when '' voice from offscreen oh sorry , be I bother you ? Max shrug and look over . the voice belong to lenny meyer—a bearded man in he late 20 suck on a cigarette . on closer inspection , something be off . it seem that lenny be a Orthodox Jew . his yarmulke stick out slightly from he wide - brimm hat and the fringe from he tsi-tsis hang out from the bottom of he untucked shirt . lenny meyer I will put it out . ( which he do ) the name 's lenny meyer lenny stick out he hand . Max respond with a small nod . lenny meyer and you be ? max Max . lenny meyer Max ? max Max Cohen . lenny meyer Cohen ! ( judge ) jewish ? Max shrug and turn back to he work . lenny meyer it 's okay . ( joke ) I be a Jew , too . ( serious ) do you practice ? max no , I be not interested in religion . lenny meyer have you ever hear of kabbalah ? max no . lenny meyer jewish mysticism . max I be sorry , I be very busy . lenny meyer I understand ... it 's just that it 's a very exciting time in we history . right now be a critical moment in time . max ( sarcastic ) really ? lenny meyer yes , it 's very exciting . have you ever put on tefillin ? Max have no idea what lenny 's talk about . lenny pull a leather box with black leather strap from he pocket . lenny meyer tefillin . you know tefillin . I know it look strange . but it 's a amazing tradition that have a tremendous amount of power . it 's a mitzvah for all jewish man to do . mitzvah , good deed , be spiritual food for we heart and we head . and then Max notice that he thumb be twitching he grab it self - consciously . lenny meyer they purify we and bring we closer to God . you want to try it ? just then , Max pay he bill and prepare to leave . max I gotta go ... lenny meyer be you okay ? Max ? Max ? max I be sorry , bye . lenny meyer well , maybe some other time . int . max's bathroom - night Max splashes water on he face . max please God , let it be a small one . he pull a metal vaccinate gun out of the medicine cabinet . then be load it with a small bottle of medicine . he roll up he sleeve , dab alcohol on he arm , and fire the gun into he arm . max ( v.o. ) sixteen thirty - five . second headache in under twenty - four hour . they be get more frequent now ... more painful , too . drug do not work , just take the edge off of it . just gotta wait for the nosebleed . relief come from my nose . next door , he hear devi and she boyfriend talk . farrouhk ( o.s. ) so I gotta make this drop off in harlem and on the way down there 's this three kid hail I . Max slap himself in the face a few time . devi ( o.s. ) you stop ? farrouhk ( o.s. ) I be tight , so ... Max watch he thumb twitch . and then pain shoot through he . he grab the right side of he head , massage it , and push it in with he finger . in the mirror , he examine the right side of he scalp . he see nothing max ahh ... Max walk back into the MAIN room and sit down in a chair . the lamp be blind so he snap it off . only the bathroom light light the room . he take a few breath . max leave I alone . his neighbor conversation begin to build in volume and distortion . farrouhk ( o.s. ) so I drop they off in the Village and they dart . devi ( o.s. ) oh God ... Max gag and rub he head . farrouhk ( o.s. ) I get out , grab my bat and start run . one of the kid , maybe sixteen , I catch a block later he 's cursing at I , call I a paki bastard . so I whacked he , right in the head . devi ( o.s. ) farrouhk ! the pain seem to disappear . Max look at he hand that be rub he bead . then he look at the front door . the doorknob seem to move . something begin knock on Max 's door . the knock get louder and louder then the lock begin to unlock . farrouhk 's word begin to overpower Max . farrouhk ( o.s. ) I be kick the bastard in the rib bang he ass , knock he head against the curb , harder and harder , I fuck lose it . a hot dog guy start scream " you be crack he skull , you be crack he skull . " so they pull I off of he and calm I down . cop say he have it come to he . then something start pound the door . the doorknob quiver , the lock unbolt . the chain be the only thing keep out the intruder . the door shake and the chain be strain . max be paralyze with terror . max no ! no ! and then the door smashes open . blind light fill the room and we crash into the blinding white void a moment of silence , then we CUT to int . bathroom - dawn a phone ring incessantly . Max 's eye pop open . he 's scrunch up in a corner of the room , squash beneath the sink . his nose be bleed . Max , crawl into the MAIN room and pick up the phone . he pinch he nose and tilt he head back . marcy dawson Mr. Cohen . marcy Dawson here again I be just look over my schedule and I realize I will be in you neighborhood tomorrow around three . Max head to the front door and check the lock . he be barely listen to marcy max ( groggy ) who be ... the lock seem secure . marcy dawson marcy Dawson from lancet - percy I be so anxious to meet you . it will be worth it—for both of we I promise . see you at you house at three , okay ? max my house ...how do ... marcy dawson oh , do not worry , I get you address from Columbia . so three it be . look forward to it . Max try to stop she but , before he can marcy hang up . a bewilder Max slowly hang up . max damn . Max check the peephole - all clear . then , he open he - closet which be fill with random computer part and box . he pull a thick neuroscience book from a shelf in the back of the closet . he almost knock over a old dusty brass microscope on the shelf . Max flip through the book . it contain old plate illustrate the brain . Max examine some of the diagram . ext . sul' hallway - day Max ring the bell on a apartment door . a few moment pass , and then SOL robeson open the door . sol be a wise - look man in he early 70' . he walk with difficulty , lean out of breath on a wooden cane . his arm be cover with fade Russian prison tattoo and he speak with a thick Eastern european accent , he 's happy to see Max . s0l Max ! how be you7 Max be happy to see sol , but he 's a bit bashful and intimidate . max okay . ext . SOL be study - moment later tight on the japanese game of go be play . sol be white and Max be black . sol 's move be secure and control while Max be hesitant . SOL stop think , Max , just feel . use you intuition . it 's the only way to get into the flow . ( beat ) what do you think of hamlet ? max I do not get to it . SOL it 's be a month . ( knowingly ) you have not take a single break . max I be so close , sol . I be so close but I just can not grab it . sol change the subject . he feed he goldfish and point to one of they . SOL have you meet the new fish my niece buy I ? I name she icarus . after you . my renegade pupil . you fly too high , you will get burn . Max look up at sol . SOL the more I see you , the more I see myself thirty year ago . my great pupil . publish at 16 , Ph.D. at 20 . max we will see . SOL but life be not just mathematics . I spend forty year look for pattern in pi , I find nothing . max you find thing ... SOL I find thing , but not a pattern . int . moving trail - day Max sit in the corner of a rickety New York City subway car . the train be almost completely desert . Max look down at he hand . he open he palm and reveal a black go chip . max ( v.o. ) Tuesday , September second , eighteen twelve . if sol have not get sick who know where math would be . he spend year in the number of pi. search for meaning , for order . Max notice a skinny man in a business suit stare at he . the man catch Max 's eye and look away , but then he quickly look back , make Max turn away . he look down at he Wall Street journal and draw a circle with its diameter then he write " a=pir2 " and " c=2pir . " next he write " pi=3.14159 ... " max ( v.o. ) Three point one four ... off into infinity and maybe insanity . somewhere in there he want sanity . sanity like he find in the circle pi represent . simple , sane circle . if only the stock market have circle . some type of sanity . some type of form , of shape . suddenly , Max hear someone sing . Max look up . it be the skinny man and he 's sing with passion . it 's all very strange to Max , who nervously look away . and then the sing stops— mid-verse Max look up and the man be go . vanish . Max look around—no one in sight . int . apartment staircase - day Max head up the stair to he apartment . just then , a toy slinky appear from nowhere march down the stair . Max stop and wait until the slinky hit he foot . he pick it up and look at it . he look around wonder what 's go on . then Jenna lean out over a railing and start laugh at Max . int . coffee shop -day Max sit at the counter frantically look at the Wall Street Journal . he plop three pill into he coffee . he draw circle and other shape across the page . Max be interrupt by a puff of smoke . at the same time , someone touch he shoulder and say : lenny meyer hey , Max , how you do ? max oh , okay . lenny meyer lenny meyer. ( motion to the cigarette ) I will put it out . ( which be do ) so , what do you do ? max um , I work with computer ... math . lenny meyer really ? what type of math ? max number theory . mostly research . lenny meyer number theory ? no way , I work in theory , too . not traditional , though ... ( point to he yarmulke ) I work with the torah . ( awed by the coincidence ) amazing . max ( pass it of as a coincidence ) yeah ... lenny meyer yeah . you know Hebrew be all number . it 's all math . max hm . lenny pull out a wear ' dog -ear Bible from he pocket . there be paper slip mark what seem like every other page . when he open it up , Max see that the page be mark up by highlighter pen , note and diagram . lenny point to the text . extreme close - up of Hebrew letter . lenny meyer here , look ... the ancient Jews use Hebrew as they numerical system . each letter be a number . lenny pull out a pen and grab Max 's Journal . he write on it as he talk . lenny meyer you see ... the Hebrew " a , " the number 1 . the Hebrew " B , " Bet , be two . you can take any Hebrew text and turn they into a long string of number . the waitress refill Max 's coffee . lenny meyer the torah be just a long string of number . some say that it 's a long code send to we from God . satisfied , lenny light up a cigarette and take a drag . max ( mildly impressed ) kind of interesting . lenny meyer ( proud of himself ) yeah , like take the Hebrew word for , say , the Garden of eden , kadem . kuf , dalei mem ... kuf be a hundred . dale , four mem , forty . they equal one hundred and forty - four . then take the tree of knowledge ... in the garden , aat ha Haim , it equal two hundred and thirty - three . now you can take that number and ... max they're fibonacci number . lenny meyer huh ? max the fibonacci sequence . italian mathematician , thirteenth century . if you divide a hundred and forty - four into two hundred and thirty - three , it approach theta . lenny meyer theta ? max the Greek symbol for the golden ratio . the golden spiral . lenny exhales the smoke . Max quickly graph the number on he Wall Street Journal . lenny meyer you be right , I never see that before . that 's the series you find in nature . like the face of a sunflower . max wherever there 's spiral . lenny meyer you see , there 's math everywhere . lenny 's smoke drift by Max 's eye . slow motion : max's Pov of smoke spiral spin in front of he . max math everywhere ... slow motion : Max look down at he coffee cup . he pour cream into he coffee . it shoot up and mix with the black coffee form spiral in the mug . max ( serious ) everywhere ... slow motion : Max look at the spiral he just draw on the Wall Street Journal . normal speed suddenly , Max stand up . max oh my God ... int . max's apartment - day Max draw spiral all over he Wall Street Journal . then he take a thick black marker and draw a giant spiral across the entire page . Max be ecstatic as he pound code into the computer take moment to wake up , drop pill , and drink a ginseng soda . max ( v.o. ) simple shape ! Tuesday , September second . twenty -twenty-two . sol ! sol ! sol ! shapes in the market . why not ? and they be spiral ! spiral ! Max trace a big circle on the journal . then , he cut it out with a x-acto blade . he cut out the middle of the circle so that be have a thin loop like one of that futuristic frisbee . he tear part of the loop and stretch the circle out in front of he into a spiral . max ( v.o. ) a circle spread out overtime . it 's open-end . it have a beginning and it grow and change through time . if I can find where it fit , if I can spin it and lock it into a group of number , then I can calculate the future . lead into gold . Chaos into order madness into sanity . pain into bliss . perfection . Max be about to slap return but he stop himself—he 's nervous . next door , devi and she boyfriend be make love . he look at the wall with disdain . then he look back at the screen , shrug and confidently slap return on he keyboard . stock price float across the screen . Max can not believe he eyes—the quote be absurd . max what the ... and then , euclid crash . the electricity in Max 's room flip off . the number on Max 's screen fade to black . in near ( minus streetlight ) darkness : max shit ! tight on a fuse BOX Max remove a fuse . he replace it with a penny . max's room Max try to reboot euclid , but nothing happen . he try a second time , but nothing happen . devi and farrouhk be still at it . Max put on a pair of latex glove . he don a surgical mask . he climb up to a loft above he monitor . a glass case , feed cool air by a vent tube , encase some computer part . he carefully remove the front glass cover . then he get it off he 's stunne . not only have the chip melt down , but a strange flaky substance cover the board . max what the ... Max grab he face , frustrated . deri and farroakk be giggle , have a great time . Max stare at the wall . then he angrily throw euclid 's mainframe onto the ground it land with a smash ! under the mainframe be a small city of ant . they scramble for cover . Max furiously attack they , stomping they out with he band . then he jump on the smashed mainframe . he slide to the ground and cover he face . dissolve to ext . playground - day tight on a tree branch shaking manically in the wind . Max sit on a park bench watch the branch shake . it terrify he . he pull out the printout of he pick and examine they . max ( v.0 . ) Wednesday , September third , seven-fifteen . result : aar at fourteen and a half—low , very low . abr at six and a half—jeez . six and a half , abr have not be beneath twenty in ten year . conclusion : simple . there be no pattern . no pattern . Chaos , chaos , all chaos . he crumple up he pick and toss they into a public trash can . int . SOL be study - day sol and Max play go. sol be peaceful while Max be distant . Max play a piece absently . sol counter with a deafen atari . Max whisper : max euclid crash . I lose all my data , my hardware . SOL you mainframe ? max burnt ... SOL what happen ? max I do not know , first I get this horrible pick . then euclid spit out some number . never see anything like it and then it fries . the whole machine just crash . SOL you have a printout ? max of ? SOL the pick , the number ? max I throw it out . SOL what be the number it spit out ? max I do not know , just a long string of digit . SOL how many ? max I do not know . SOL ( intense ) what be it , a hundred and fifty , a thousand , two hundred sixteen !? how many ? max I do not know . probably around two hundred . ( wonder ) why ? SOL ( beat ) ... I deal with some bug back in my pi day . I be wonder if it be similar to one I run into . sol begin to feed he fish . he point to one . SOL have you meet archimede . the one with the black spot . you see ? max yeah . SOL remember archimede of syracuse ? the King ask archimede to determine if a present he 's receive be actually solid gold . unsolved problem at the time . it torture the great Greek mathematician for week . insomnia haunt he and he twist and turn on he bed for night on end . finally , he equally exhaust wife , she 's force to share a bed with this genius , convince he to take a bath , to relax . while step into the tub he observe the bathwater rise as he enter . displacement . a way to determine volume . and thus , a way to determine density , weight over volume . and thus , archimede solve the problem . he scream " Eureka ! " '' Greek for " I find it ! " —and be so overwhelm he run drip naked through the street to the King 's castle to report he discovery . now , what 's the moral of the story . max that a breakthrough will come ... SOL wrong . the point of the story be the wife . listen to you wife , she will give you perspective . meaning , you need a break , Max , you have to take a bath , otherwise you will get nowhere . there will be no order , only chaos . go home and take a bath . public bench - moment later Max wait for he train on a empty platform . just then , he hear a dripping sound . Max look up and notice something across the track on the other platform . he can not quite make it out because he vision be block by column . he get up and spot a Young hasidic man stand at he . blood drip from the man 's hand . Max do not know what to make of it a train swishes by - int . moving train - later Max read a ad that say in big block letter ' moshiac be coming ! ' he check out a few of the other passenger . then he notice a man read a newspaper across from he . the headline read : ' market take nose -dive . Max jump up and approach the man . max hey , excuse I , can I see that ? the man hand Max the paper . Max scan the article . then he quickly turn to the listing . his finger barrel down a column . it stop at abr . max six and a half . Max look up the column for aar . max fourteen and a half . oh , my ... Max stumble toward the door . he look out the window : into the darkness of the tunnel . max ( out of breath ) my god. my God . ( get pump to himself ) yes ! yes ! skinny man ( v.o. ) hey , paper , please ! Max hand the paper back and look at the man for the first time . it be the skinny man he see earlier . Max get suspicious and move into the next car . at grand STREET Max exit . he notice that the skinny man get off - one car down - as well . he hustle toward the exit . as he 's about to turn a corner he look back . the man seem to be follow he . he dodge around a corner and head up a staircase . ext . train station - day he seem to have lose he , when he notice a business - woman with a pretty face head right toward he . it be marcy dawson . marcy dawson Mr. Cohen ! perfect timing . marcy stick out she hand . Max , not know what else to do , shake it . marcy dawson I be just wait for you . I think you stand I up , so I be go to head home . max who be you ? marcy dawson oh ... marcy Dawson . from lancet percy . we be suppose to meet at three . max I be sorry , I do not ... marcy have not let go of Max 's hand . she guide he toward a large black street limo that 's just pull up . marcy dawson I can not tell you what a pleasure it be to finally meet you . I have study you papers for year . marcy dawson I have something you will not be able to say no to . why do not we take a spin in the limo ? max no , no , no , really , I can not . marcy dawson we be excited by you work . we can not wait to discuss ... Max attempt to pull away but marcy be firm on lead he to the car . meanwhile , the shinny man be head right at they . the chauffeur reach out to he . Max yank he arm free and run away . he whip around a corner . int . bodega - day Max barrel into the grocery store and busy a Journal . he head to the back of the store and lay the paper across the juice section . he check the list . max on the nose . on the damn nose . Max turn the page on the Journal and see the lancet - percy ad . then he notice one of the bodega owner stare at he . ext . max's apartment - day Max scout he front door . the coast be clear . int . max's apartment - day Max examine the smashed euclid mainframe . he uncover some of the strange filo- like substance . he carefully touch it . then he grab a small pinch of it . he examine it near a light bulb . he can not guess what it be . he sniff it . he carefully taste it with the very tip of he tongue . he still do not have a clue . Max open he closet . he pull out he dusty brass microscope . he dust it off . next , he pull out a slide kit . Max place the instrument on the windowsill . he grab a old glass slide and put some of the flaky stuff on it . he slide it under the microscope . he look into the lens , but do not see anything . he get up quickly and head for the hallway where he look at devi 's door , nervously . he gather he courage and knock on she door . through the door hear . devi ( o.s. ) farrouhk ? max um , no , it 's Max from next door . devi open the door wear a sexy nightshirt . devi Max , be everything all right ? max do you have any iodine ? devi ( concerned , she reach for Max 's hand ) iodine ... do you cut yourself ? max ( pull he hand away ) no . I just need it to stain a slide . devi ah , science , the pursuit of knowledge . one second . she head to she bathroom . Max wait impatiently . devi ( o.s. ) here we be . what be you examine '' ( at the door ) a potato !? she hand Max a bottle of iodine . max just something with my computer . max be room - moment later Max use he pinky to drip a drop of iodine on the slide . through the wall he hear farrouhk arrive home . devi ( 0.s. ) the neighbor 's up to he old science ... farrouhk ( o.s. ) what neighbor ? devi ( o.s. ) next door . Max listen to the conversation for a few moment . farrouhk ( o.s. ) why be you talk to that dork ! devi ( o.s. ) shh ! I just help ... farrouhk ( o.s. ) pound on wall . hey , dork , leave my girlfriend alone ! devi ( 0.s. ) farrouhk ! Max shake he bead . then he finish prepare the slide and slip the glass under the turret . Max catch the low-hanging sun in the microscope 's mirror and reflect it through the sample and up the turret into he eye . max's Pov down the turret of some strange substance . Max pull out the slide and look at it . farrouhk ( 0.s. ) I do not give a shit . devi ( 0.s. ) ( laugh ) shh ! c'mon , farrouhk . farrouhk ( 0.s. ) I will kill the dork . ( explode again ) you hear I ! I will kill you . I will fuck kill you ! then a idea come to he . he take out he brain book . he look through it until he find a picture of neuron . he compare the image to the view through the turret . they look different but there be similarity . devi ( o.s ) shh ! baby ! come here , baby ! Max rush out . ext . playground - late afternoon Max sift through the trash can where he throw he pick from yesterday . frustrate , he dump the trash onto the sidewalk and start look through it Mrs. ovadia watch he . Max see she and be embarrassed for a moment . max I just throw out something . I do not realize I need it . mrs . ovadia humph . max just a printout . I , uh , lose my data ... Max look back at the trash and forget about Mrs. ovadia . soon , Max get up and kick the trashcan . he head home . in front of max's apartment build Max watch marcy get out of the limo and call to Mrs. ovadia . Max back away when he smack into someone . it 's lenny meyer - the young jewish man . Max jump back in fear . lenny meyer Max ! how you do ? lenny meyer. max oh , hey ... Max try to quickly pass he . lenny meyer hey , where you go ? you get a few moment to do tefillin ? Max turn around and notice marcy talk to Mrs. ovadia . Mrs. ovadia point up the street toward he . lenny meyer I gotta car , we can cruise over to my ... max you gotta car ? lenny meyer yeah , right there . that 's ephraim , my friend . we swing around with Max and see a station wagon . ephraim sit in the passenger seat . he 's a big -bon , bearded , Orthodox Jew . max all tight , let go . lenny meyer great ... they head for the station wagon . int . basement shul - night the synagogue be a claustrophobic , fluorescent - light room in general disarray . two row of imitation - wooden pews face a makeshift altar and ark . Young hasidic Men study text . some work alone , read and doven . other be in small group share in heat discussion . lenny wrap the tefillin around Max 's arm . Max just want to get out of there . ephraim pray in the background . max lenny , I do not really want to do ... lenny meyer do it for I ? it mean a lot , have someone of you stature perform a mitzvah in my presence . ( beat ) when you tell I you name be Max Cohen , I do not realize you be the Max Cohen . maximilian Cohen . max you know I ? lenny meyer 0f course , I have follow you research since you Columbia day . it 's revolutionary . you have inspire the work we do . max I have ? lenny meyer yes , very much so . the only difference be , we be not look at stock . we be search for a pattern in torah . lenny finish wrapping Max 's arm . he reach for another box and strap . max what kind of pattern ? lenny meyer we be not really sure . we calculation have show we that there be a number encode in the text . max what sort of number ? lenny meyer we do not know . all we know be that it 's two hundred and sixteen digit long . Max , stunne look at lenny . lenny meyer do not worry . this one just go over you head . lenny place the other teffilin over Max 's head . Max collect himself . max ( coolly ) two sixteen ? lenny meyer yes . now we have to say a small prayer , repeat after I . bewildere , Max do . after the prayer ... lenny meyer that 's it . be not so bad , be it ? you feel anything ? lenny start remove the teffillin from Max . max what be it ? lenny meyer it 's a prayer about we dedication to we one and only God . max ( attempt calmness ) no , I mean the number , the two sixteen number ? what be it ? lenny meyer oh . we do not know . we just know that it 's the most common number encode in the text . it might be some type of linguistic pattern . if we could figure out what the number be we could maybe answer that . max tell I more . ext . sol' apartment - dawn Max firmly ring SOL 's bell . in a few moment , sol answer the door in he pajamas . SOL Max ? max what 's go on , sol !? SOL relax , it 's early . int . sol' kitchen - moment later Max sit at the kitchen table while sol heat up a pot of tea . Max be shaking . SOL now , what 's up ? max what 's the two hundred and sixteen number , sol ? SOL Excuse I ? max you ask I if I have see a two hundred and sixteen digit number , right ? SOL oh , you mean the bug . I find it work on pi . max what do you mean by " find it " ? SOL what 's this all about , Max ? max well , there 's this religious Jews who have ... SOL Religious Jews ? max well , you know , hassidim . I meet one in the coffee shop . the guy 's a number theorist . the torah be they data set . the thing be , they be search for a two hundred and sixteen digit number in the torah . SOL really ? what 's it mean to they ? max they say they do not know , but that 's crazy . I mean what be the odd ... SOL it 's just a coincidence . max but hold on , there 's something else . you remember that strange pick I get . SOL yesterday 's stock pick ? max right . well , it turn out that they be correct . I hit two pick on the nose . smack on the nose . SOL ( surprise ) hmmm . max something 's go on , and it have to do with that number . the answer be there . SOL Max , it 's a bug . max no. it 's a pattern . a pattern be in that number SOL come with I . int . SOL be study - moment later sol and Max sit on either side of a half - play go board . SOL listen to I . the ancient japanese consider the go board to be a microcosm of the universe . although when it be empty it appear to be simple and order , in fact , the possibility of game play be endless . they say that no two go game have ever be alike . just like snowflake . so , the go board actually represent a extremely complex and chaotic universe . that be the truth of we world , Max . it can not be easily sum up with math . there be no simple pattern . max but as a go game progress , the possibility become smaller and smaller . the board do take on order . soon , all move be predictable . SOL so ? max so , maybe , even though we be not sophisticated enough to be aware of it , there be a underlying order ... a pattern , beneath every go game . maybe that pattern be like the pattern in the market , in the torah . the two sixteen number . SOL that be insanity , Max . max or maybe it 's genius . I have to get that number . SOL hold on , you have to slow down . you be lose it , you have to take a breath . listen to yourself . you be connect a computer bug I have , a computer bug you might have have , and some religious hogwash . if you want to find the number two sixteen in the world , you will be able to pull it out of anywhere . two hundred and sixteen step from you street comer to you front door . two hundred and sixteen second you spend riding on the elevator . when you mind become obsessed with anything , it will filter everything else out and find example of that thing everywhere . Three hundred and twenty , four hundred and fifty , twenty - three . whatever ! you have choose two sixteen and you will find it everywhere in nature . but Max , as soon as you discard scientific rigor , you be no longer a mathematician . you become a numerologist . what you need to do be take a break from you research . you need it . you deserve it here 's a hundred dollar , I want you to take it . if , you will not take it , borrow it . either way , take a break . spend it however you like as long as it fall in the category of vacation . Real world stuff , okay . no math . Max look at he band . SOL just try it . in a week you will laugh about this . c'mon , Max . think about it ! Max give a half nod . ext . sol' apartment - morning Max rush to the subway when a honk horn stop he . a limo pull up next to he . marcy Dawson jump out of the car marcy dawson Mr. Cohen ? Mr. Cohen ? please stop for a second Mr. Cohen ? Max stop and face marcy . max damn it already ! stop follow I . I be not interested in you money . I be search for a way to understand we world . I be search for perfection . I do not deal with mediocre materialistic people like you ! marcy dawson I be sorry . I be very sorry . I admit I have be a bit too aggressive . but all I ask be for five minute of you time . here ... marcy hand Max a metal stopwatch . marcy dawson ...a stopwatch . already tick . allow I the four and a half minute leave let I tell you what I want . let I tell you what I can offer you . afterwards , if you do not want to talk to I , then fine , we part as friend and I promise that you will never see I again . that 's fair , be not it ? max ( after a moment , he look at the stopwatch ) go . marcy dawson good . it 's funny , even though we have different aim and different goal we be actually incredibly alike . we both seek the same thing—perfection . I know ... clearly we be seek different type of perfection , but that be what make we perfect candidate for a fruitful partnership . if you let I , I can be you great ally . take the acacia tree ... in East Africa . it be the most prevalent plant in all of kenya because it have manage to secure its niche by defeat its major predator , the giraffe . to accomplish this , the tree have make a contract with a highly specialize red ant . the tree have evolve giant spore which act as housing for the ant in return for shelter , the ant supply defense . when a giraffe start to eat the tree 's leave , the shaking branch act like a alarm . the ant charge out and secrete a acid onto the giraffe 's tongue . the giraffe learn its lesson and never return . without each other , the tree would be pick dry and the ant would have no shade from the brutal African sun both would die . but with each other , they succeed , they survive , they surpass . they have different aim , different goal but they work together . Max , we would like to establish a mutually benefit alliance with you . max ( hand back the stopwatch ) I be not interested . marcy dawson allow I to dose . the chauffeur pull a black suitcase out of the limo and bring it over . marcy dawson as a sign of good faith we wish to offer you this . max I tell you I do not want money . marcy dawson the suitcase be not fill with fifty or gold or diamond . just silicon . a ming Mecca chip . max ( yeah right ! ) ming Mecca . they be not declassify . Max start to move away . marcy dawson you be right . they be not . but lancet - percy have many friend . come here , take a look . max ( stutter ) what do ...do ... but then , Max notice that he thumb be twitching . marcy dawson beautiful , be not it ? you know how rare ... be you okay ? max yeah , I get to go . marcy dawson but what about ... max let I think about it ... Max trot off . marcy dawson what ? Mr. Cohen !? int . subway station - public bench - night the station be strangely silent . it be also extremely rundown . the track be rusted and fuck up . all we hear be the sound of dripping water . the sound be warpe and grow and morph until it 's downright scary . Max sit on a bench suck down pill . his head begin to hurt . he touch the right side of he scalp and nub it . as the blood surge through he head it bring he wave of pain . he gag several time . then the pain let loose and all Max want to do be die . he smashes the side of he head with he fist . across the track on the far platform he see someone . for a moment Max 's pain dissipate . his view be obscure by the column . Max get up and see the Young hasidic man - from earlier - stare at he . the man stare at Max without any emotion . Max notice blood drop from the man 's right hand . Max look at the man 's face and see for a split second he own face stare back . max hey ! Max charge up a flight of stair . he cross a passage over the track and fly down the stair to the other side of the platform . the man be go . a pool of blood sit where the man be . Max touch it with he toe . it 's sticky . he notice a trail of blood lead off from the pool . he follow it around a corner where it lead into a corner . he notice something strange in the shadow . he carefully advance on it . hiding in the shadow be what look like a small piece of brain . it seem to be move slightly . Max use a pen in he jacket to carefully touch it . suddenly , Max hear a train 's honk honk behind he . Max spin around . nothing be there but silence . he turn back to the gray matter . he touch it again . once again , he hear the deafen honk honk . Max spin around , but nothing be there . frustrate , he push he pen deep into the brain - fiber rip apart . suddenly , a train be barrel down on Max . second from impact , Max scream !!! dissolve to blinding white void we hear two deep , long sleep - fill breath and then we CUT to : int . subway train - day Max 's eye pop open . a transit cop be stick he with a nightstick . transit cop up , buddy coney Island , last stop . Max sit up . his nose be bleed . the cop hand he a tissue . transit cop you nose . Max wipe he nose and look around nervously . he see the ride of coney Island in the distance . ext . coney island beach - day Max sit on a boulder on a coney Island jetty . he watch the sea . then Max see a old man dress like king neptune scan the shore with a rusty metal detector . the old man pick up something . he admire it for a moment before gently set it back on the ground . then Neptune continue he search . Max wander over to the place where the old man exam int . max's apartment - night max's Pov through the microscope . Max see the brain structure . just then , there 's a knock on the door . the knock startles he and he hand bump the turret of the microscope . the lens move and he realize that the magnification can be change . a knock again . Max look out the peephole and see nothing . confused , look down at he thumb . it 's not shaking . he head back to he microscope . there 's a knock again . Max angrily unlock the door and whip it open . in the hallway be Jenna with she calculator . jenna Max , Max , can we do one . max Jenna . I can not now , Jenna . jenna please , Max . max I be work now , later okay ? Max shut the door and return to the microscope . he change the magnification . at a weaker magnification , the mathematician see that the cell be group in spiral . Max be stunne , he grab the phone and pull a business card out of he pocket he quickly dial a number . someone answer with a " shalom " on the other end of the line . Max ask for lenny meyer and be put on hold . lenny meyer hello , this be lenny ? max lenny , it 's Max Cohen . lenny meyer Max ! how be you ? you want to come down ? max I have be think about we conversation earlier . Max look into the microscope . he stare at the spiral . lenny meyer that 's good ... max I want to help . lenny meyer excellent . max do you have the torah in digital form ? dissolve from turret to : satellite image of spinning tornado start in tight on the epicenter and pull out to reveal the entire storm . max ( v.o. ) Thursday , September fourth , sixteen forty - five . the alchemist awake . all of my idea , work and dream be spin together it all have to do with spiral . it begin with spiral and the answer be thee . int . max's apartment '' day euclide innard Max use a drill to rip out some old part . he lay new wire and do a bunch of solder . he rip down a bunch of old papers and do a general houseclean . he also go to school on the ant population in he apartment . he plant some ant motel and spray the room with . a pest killer . max ( v.0 . ) the most I can remember about they significance be from schneider 's class . that bullshit core for major . schneider 's fascination with mystical geometry make he a bit of a quack ... but ... then again , look at kepler . he be really into pythagoras . the leader of a ancient sect which believe the entire universe could be represent by number . pythagoras ' great contribution be the golden ratio , which end up influence art and science for thousand of year , arguably all the way up to today . tight on max write a : b : : b : a + bear he draw it over a copy of Leonardo Da vinci 's famous draw of man 's anatomy . max ( v.0 . ) the golden ratio , if I recall , be this unique relationship between the length and width of a special rectangle call the golden rectangle . tight on max carefully measure out a golden rectangle . the rectangle fit perfectly over Leonardo Da vinci 's man . max ( v.o . ) if you take the width of this rectangle and use it to form a square within the rectangle , the part leave over be a rectangle that have the same ratio as the original rectangle . au can continue squaring the rectangle , over and over again , make the rectangle smaller and smaller to infinity . tight on max squaring rectangle after rectangle . then he draw the golden spiral through the rectangle . max ( v.0 . ) then , if you connect a curve through this rectangle you get the golden spiral . the pythagorean love this shape because they find it everywhere in nature . montage of image the image mirror what Max talk about . we see nautilus shell , sunflowers , plant , ram horn , human fingerprint , the milky way , and DNA strand . max ( v.0 . ) it really be amazing . in the sea , on land , in air , we basic building block DNA and even we home . ext . chinatown - day Max wander through the crowded street of Chinatown . max ( v.o. ) if we be build from spiral , while live within a giant spiral , be it possible that all of human behavior , if it could be quantify , be in the form of a spiral . then , maybe , extension of we behavior like the stock market . maybe even the write of the torah , be infuse with the spiral pattern . dissolve to pan across new euclid we start on the stock ticker and pull out to reveal a leaner , meaner and more exciting machine . max ( v.o. ) Friday , September fifth . Seven twelve . it 's fair to say , I be step out onto a limb . but I be on the edge and that 's where it happen . he hold two wire apart from each other as he contemplate what will connect they . ext . electronic megadump - day Max wander helplessly through the dump . there 's nothing but junk and more junk . ext . public pay phone - day Max eye marcy Dawson 's business card , suspiciously he dial the number . a man answer on the other line . man' voice ( os . ) Three , eight , two . max marcy Dawson . man' voice ( o.s. ) who 's call ? max Max Cohen . man' voice ( o.s. ) hold on . Max be put on hold . he notice a man in a business suit watch he . Max turn away . marcy dawson Mr. Cohen ? I be so happy ... max look what do you want for the chip ? marcy dawson you tech guy . I think you know what we want . max no , I do not . marcy dawson c'mon , Mr. Cohen . we can work together we can both profit from this information . we both need each other to get it , so why not work with we ? max I do not know if I will find anything useful . marcy dawson we be willing to take the risk . max okay . first , I want you to call off the surveillance . marcy dawson ( beat ) done . anything else ? max yeah , I be a very private person . knock on my door and leave the suitcase outside . I do not want to talk to anyone . marcy dawson how do I know you be home ? max I will knock back . marcy dawson Fair enough . int . coffee shop - day Max sit at the counter . the post headline in front of he read market doomed . president in panic , world leader meet . Max flip to the stock quote . he can not believe how far thing have dovetaile . he shake he head in disbelief when a envelope appear in front of he . it belong to lenny meyer . lenny meyer the torah . max what be it ? lenny meyer in Hebrew character and number . max no , what be it ? the two hundred and sixteen digit . lenny meyer I do not know . ( beat ) if you get it , maybe we can figure it out . ( change subject ) can you really find it ? max if the number 's in there , I will find it . ext . max's apartment - dusk Max march into he foyer when he 's suddenly ambush by devi 's boyfriend , farrouhk . farrouhk be a little guy with a big sadistic smile . he grab Max by the collar and slam he against the wall . his fist butt up against Max 's chin . farrouhk there you go , dork . be think about my girlfriend . have not you ? max wha ... farrouhk you want to fuck she , do not you ? max no , no .. farrouhk you call my girlfriend ugly !? why do not you want to fuck she ? you think she 's ugly ? max no , no , I just . it 's that she 's you girl ... farrouhk so you do want to fuck she . you think about fuck she in the mouth , do not you ? max no , no , sir , please . I have never touch devi ... I never will . farrouhk give the fuck genius a Mars bar . stay away , or I will slice off you ball . farrouhk toss Max against the wall . Max whimper off to he apartment . farrouhk have enjoy this and to end he game be give Max a small slap on the butt . inside he apartment Max bolt the front door . at he desk he rip open the envelope lenny meyer give he . he pull out a black disk and eye it expectantly . next door , he hear farrouhk and devi talk . farrouhk ( o.s. ) damn dork . devi ( o.s. ) he 's just a bit unique . farrouhk ( 0.s. ) unique ?! unique ?! he 's a dork ! then , Max carefully slip the disk into euclid 's drive . Hebrew character pop onto euclid 's screen . Max pound in several string of code lightning fast . the Hebrew letter suddenly switch to they numerical counterpart . Max toggle between Hebrew and number a few times—impressed . Max nod . then there 's a knock at the door . max ( to himself ) okay . Max peek through the peephole . two well - dress large man , brad and abe the babe , wait for the signal . max knock and the suit leave . then Max shyly open up he front door and quickly grab the black attaché case in front of he door don a surgical mask and latex glove , Max open the black attaché case . sitting in foam be a tiny but beautiful chip . Max study it with awe . max ( v.o. ) Friday , September fifth ? lot of work to be do . but I be close , so close . today be the day might have cost I my soul , but down the line I will work it out . just keep they in the dark , let they beg . a damn ming Mecca chip . it 's like give a desperate junkie a syringe fill with junk . Defense use they to nun nuclear sub reactor . I ? I be go to dissect the market . Max carefully carry the chip over to the new leaner euclid . he weld it into euclid 's wait wire . max happy birthday , euclid . then he lift he hand to slap the return button , but a sudden wave of fear stop he . he get up and grab a ginseng soda from the fridge he drop eight pill in the can . he calmly take a sip from the soda and place it on the counter . Max can hear devi and farrouhk start to make love . they gentle sound drift through the wall . max ( v.o. ) eighteen thirty . Press return ... Max dart over and smack the return . moment later we see what Max see on the screen be a long string of zero . at the bottom of the screen euclid 's cursor blink , wait for instruction . he smack return again Max get the same empty result . euclid 's cursor blink , wait . Max start to laugh . he laugh and laugh and laugh . max oh God . damn religious freak . ( sarcastic ) the holy torah ... but then he notice he thumb twitching . he rub he scar . max ah God ... his neighbor 's love sound start to get rough . they be have fun . Max almost throw up . the bathroom Max dry heave in the sink . then he force himself to stand in front of the mirror . max too much ... too soon . he grab the gun and try to roll up he sleeve . he can not get it to roll up . suddenly he 's overwhelm by pain . he quickly rip he shirt and fire the gun into he arm . nothing happen . he check the barreluit empty max ohh ... he grab a bottle of medicine but knock they a into the sink . he cut he finger as be grab one of the break bottle . he load the gun and fire the medicine into he arm . a wave of pain and nausea flood in . he grab another bottle and fire it into he arm . then he fire another and another . frustrate he collapse into the mirror . max stop , please , stop . slightly sobbing he examine he scalp pull he hair apart . he see something . max what the ? so he take out a scissors and start remove some hair . meanwhile he neighbor ' lovemake get more intense . they scream carry into Max 's head . Max finish remove a patch of hair from the right side of he head . he have uncover a light scar on he head . he examine it in the mirror . max what be it !? what be it !? then he neighbor ' lovemake turn outright evil . it sound like sodom and gomorrah next door and Max can barely stand it . a jolt of pain surge into he head . he grab he scar as he vomit blood into the sink . he start bang he head against the mirror . he bang he head again and again until the mirror crack ! his neighbor be cumming and they cry of joy be twisted and agonizing . the mathematician look at himself and begin to sob . he reload the gun and fire it right into the scar on he head , where the pain be come from . Max collapse to the ground in complete agony until the bare bulb in the bathroom start blink on and off . suddenly the pain be go . then he hear something . it 's euclid , buzzing with life . he get to he foot and head 's into euclid . the main monitor be scream with number . the light in the room flicker on and off like on a disco dance floor . a filo substance billow out of euclid . and then a number pop onto the screen . Max estimate how many digit be on the screen . max two ... two hundred . that 's it ! that 's it ! Max grab a piece of paper and a pencil . he start write down the number . he mumble each digit as he see it . but then be stop write . power surge ! he stare at the number . something click in he head . his eye go wide . he barely muster a— max oh ... we move closer and closer into the number , deeper and deeper into the screen . until finally a single pixel fill the screen and we be in the blinding white void where we hear several deep peaceful breath . then , a fuse blow and we cut to : black a phone ringing ...once ... twice ... then we hear mrs . ovadia ( o.s. ) he 's alive . his eye be move . devi ( 0.s. ) yes , hello ? fade back into the MAIN room Max 's eye slowly open . devi ( 0.s ) ( on the phone ) he 's busy right now I be sorry . Max be sprawle out in front of euclid . a large amount of blood , from he nose , be semi-dry on he chin and chest . devi hang up the phone . the landlady , Mrs. ovadia , and farrouhk , brandish a crowbar , stand over he . max what happen ? devi you be scream ... mrs . ovadia who tell you you can put extra lock on the door . farrouhk ( to Mrs. ovadia ) shhh ! max ( suddenly jolting up and remember ) the number , the number . Max look at euclid . the screen be blank . he look at the mainframe . it be cover with the filo substance . then be look at the piece of paper he write the number on . only a few dozen number be on the page . the last number be write be barely a scribble . mrs . ovadia you be out , you hear I , you be out . I have have enough of you . look at all this junk . he start recite the number . then Max suddenly realize something . he continue recite the number from memory . max four...zero ... seven ... it 's in my head , it 's in my head . somehow I memorize it . I get it up here ! he point to he head . max but what be it ? Mrs. ovadia start look at all the junk in the room . devi be you okay ? mrs . ovadia what be this stuff ? what do it do ? Max finally realize that all this stranger be in he womb . he flip . max 0ut , out , you have to get out . get out , get out it 's my room ! farrouhk ( to devi ) let 's go . the phone start ringing again . mrs . ovadia that 's it , no way . you be the one out of here , mister . max out ! 0utt the three neighbor retreat to the front door . devi be you okay ? max out ! get out ! Max slam the door in they face . Max rub he chin and look around the room . he start say the number to himself he get more and more excited as he read each digit . int . coffee shop - night Max stir cream into he coffee . then he pull out the Journal . a phone continue to ring . in the cloud of the lancet - percy ad - in the Journal Max write down the two hundred and sixteen digit number . he study it , examine it , draw on it , try to figure out what it be . max ( v.o. ) Saturday ? Dark outside . there be a moment there ... when , I do not know ... when I do not exist . what ? what ? we hear a phone be pick up . the ringing stop . silence , then : marcy dawson ( o.s. ) Max , be that you ? Max ? ( plead ) Max , just talk to I . thing be a bit out of hand down here . people be get desperate . ( suddenly firm ) we have a deal , Max . a deal . talk to we , Max . we hear the sound of a phone hang up . at the coffee counter , Max pop a handful of pill and crumple the paper . int . max's bathroom - later Max stare at he bald head in the mirror . all of he hair have be remove . a fleshy scar sit on he scalp above he right ear . Max ignore the incessantly ringing phone . Max flip through a old neuroscience book . he examine a few illustration and find the part of he brain that 's kill he . max ( v.0 . ) must be a explanation , must be a reason . must . with a thick black marker , he carefully outline the part of he head that be cause the pain . int . max's apartment-later Max sit in he chair stare at the stock market monitor . the phone continue to ring . number drift by . a single beam of sunlight leak through the window and shine on the edge of the screen . walk along the edge in the sunlight be a tiny ant . max bastard . Max get up to squash it . but as he get closer he suddenly feel mercy . he look at the ant in awe . and then , he attention switch to the ticker . max two and a quarter , twelve and a eighth , six and two eighths . Max state the number right before they enter onto the screen . max I know this ... Seven and a quarter . two and a half ...oh ...oh ... Max strain to figure out what be go a . suddenly , he 's overwhelm with fear . max my God . it 's gonna crash , it 's gonna fuck crash . int . sol' apartment - dusk Max charge into the room . sot be look at he go board . sol look up when Max come in . SOL you be early . I be just study we ... ( notice , Max 's head ) what do you do to yourself ? max you lie to I . SOL I think you be go to take a break . max you find the two sixteen number in pi , do not you ? you see it . sol do not respond . max I see it , sol . I do not know what happen , but I know thing . the market be go to crash . it 's go to crash . it have not yet , but I know it will . I see it , sol . what be it , sol ? what 's the number ? sol sigh . he look down at the board and collect himself . SOL you have it ? max it 's in my head ! SOL ( level with Max ) okay , sit down . Max do . SOL I give up before I pinpoint it . but my guess be that certain problem cause computer to get stick in a particular loop . the loop lead to meltdown , but right before they crash they ... they become " aware " of they own structure . the computer have a sense of its own silicon nature and it print out its ingredient . max the computer become conscious ? SOL in some way ... I guess ... max ( to himself ) study the pattern make euclid conscious of itself . before it die it spit out the number that consciousness be the number . SOL no , Max , it 's only a nasty bug . SOL a door in front of a cliff . you be drive yourself over the edge . you need to stop . max stop ? how can I stop ? I be this close . SOL the bug do not only destroy computer . max what be you say ? SOL look what it do to you computer . look what it 's do to you . Max do not respond . SOL it 's kill you . leave it unknown . max ( clarity ) you be afraid of it . that 's why you quit . SOL Max , I get burnt . max c'mon , sol . SOL it cause my stroke . max that 's bullshit . it 's math , number , idea . mathematician be suppose to be out on the edge . you teach I that ! SOL Max , there 's more than math ! there 's a whole world ... max that 's where discovery happen . we have to go out there alone , all alone , no one can accompany we . we have to search the edge . we have to risk it all . but you run from it . you be a coward . SOL Max , it 's death ! Max stand up and scream down at sol . max you can not tell I what it be . you do not know you have retreat to you goldfish , to you book , to you go , but you be not satisfied . sol grab he cane and whacks the go board . SOL get out ! Max , get out ! max I want to understand it . I want to know ! sol swing he cane as Max head for the door . SOL out ! int . subway - port authority - night Max pace on a downtown train as it pull into 42nd Street . through the open door , Max notice a young photographer in jeans and a leather jacket photograph he from the uptown platform . Max be enraged and scream at he . the man duck behind a column , but a few moment later he 's back snap picture . the door start to shut , but Max use he body to get off the train . the photographer see he come and flee . Max follow the man 's movement on he platform . when the young man shoot up the exit stair , Max do so as well . Max catch a glimpse of he foe enter the catacomb head toward Times Square . Max pursue . Max chase he down a looooo passage . but he lose he at a underground five - way fork in the road . one staircase be uptown and queen ... another be Brooklyn ... one other be unlabel . still enraged , Max march forward just then , he catch a glimpse of the photographer exite the station . smash to ext . time square - neon night in the heart of New York , Max spin around search for he foe . his frustration mount until out of the comer of he eye he see a strange reflection . not know what it 's of , he turn around to see the source the reflection be from a giant , brilliant stock ticker - 50 yard long and luminous . Max stare at the quote they be hypnotize and Max be suddenly calm . then , Max have a premonition . he turn and spot the photographer in front of a porn shop on eighth and 42nd . ext . porn shop - 42nd STREET - night Max whacks the photographer against a back - light image of a hustler centerfold . the man scream . max who be you work for ? photographer here , here . the photographer hand Max he wallet . max I do not want you wallet . who send you ? Max grab the kid 's camera . max who the hell send you !? photographer wha ... I be sorry ... max who be you ?! photographer I be ...a... student I have get a assignment for class . the photographer pull out he student id . Max look at it . then he rip out the film -expose it . max leave I alone , damn it . leave I alone . Max hand the man back he camera and leave . ext . max's apartment - night Max head home in a furious state . suddenly , he see two of marcy 's man block he path . it 's Brad and Jake , yet another tough guy , and they do not look happy . Max spin around and see marcy Dawson block he exit . max marcy ? what 's up ? Max retreat . marcy dawson let 's take a ride , Max . max I can not , I get work ... Max look back at the tough guy who be almost on top of he . marcy dawson we have a deal ! now get in the limo ! marcy release a vicious slap that nearly knock Max down . Max whimper . max do not ever hit ... he push marcy aside and dart . ext . CITY street - night Max flee . Jake and Brad charge after he . they be right on he - he have a meter or so on they . he scurries through a construction site and over a footbridge . then , he run into a all - night bodega the tough guy chase after he and he get a bit of a lead in the narrow aisle . he plead with the owner for help - nothing do . Jake head he off and use he body to block the aisle . but Max grab a can of bean and slam it down on the tough guy 's nose . the guy go down and Max shoot out the exit . ext . underneath car - night Max dive under a car and crawl for terror . he see two set of foot nun by . Max start to relax when he notice a pair of heel on the other side of the car . marcy bend down and look at he . marcy dawson enough , Max , c'mon out . max leave I alone . I do not know anything . Max retreat in the opposite direction . suddenly Jake and Brad grab he and drag he out . max hey ! hey ! hey ! they search he , take he wallet , key , everything . marcy look at the guy , who shake they head . she walk over to Max and show Max the front page of the Wall Street Journal . it read , " market crach " marcy dawson you be responsible for this . max I do not do anything . I do not play the market . marcy dawson but we do . marcy pull out a fold , wear piece of paper . she open it . it 's Max 's stock pick that he throw out . part of the number be on the page marcy dawson you have to be careful where you throw out you trash . max how could you do that ? marcy dawson you give we faulty information . you give we the carrot , the right pick , but then you only give we part of the code . max you selfish , irresponsible cretin . how could you be so stupid !? marcy jab Max in he stomach . Max fall to the ground . the tough guy sit on he . marcy dawson c'mon , Max . this be not a game anymore . we be play on a global scale . we use you code . foolish ... I admit . but we can fix thing if we make some careful pick . give we the rest of the code so we can set thing right . max c'mon ! I know who you be . you be not gonna save the world . marcy dawson look , Max ... marcy nod to Jake , who pull out a gun and point it at Max 's head . max my God , what be you do ? marcy dawson information be the private language of Capital . we try to establish a symbiotic relationship but if you choose to compete and enter we niche we be force to comply with the law of nature . Max think for a second . Max think hard . he realize be can not give they the number . max you can not kill I ! marcy dawson c'mon , Max . you do not get it . I do not give a shit about you . I only care about what 's in you fuck head . if you will not help we help yourself , then I will have only one choice . destroy the competition . I will take you out of the game . survival of the fittest , Max . and we have get the gun . Jake cock the gun . Max start to cry . max you bastard ! you stupid bastard ! suddenly , Jake be whacked with a saw - off baseball bat . he smashes into the sidewalk . it be farrouhk , Max 's neighbor , who 's just pull up in he taxicab . max ( spot he savior ) farrouhk ! farroukh threaten marcy and the other tough guy , who retreat in fear . farroubk be afraid as well , so he do not quite leap on they . he just keep swinging the bat . farrouhk he 's sick ! he 's sick ! Max get to he foot and run behind farrouhk . just then a station wagon screech up to the curb . lenny meyer , ephraim , and a bunch of other he burly Jews jump out . lenny meyer Max ! Max look at farrouhk and then he look at lenny . ephraim grab Max and pull he toward the station wagon . max ( to farrouhk ) c'mon ... farrouhk head for he cab . ephraim help Max into the backseat of the wagon and climb in after he . lenny meyer jump into the passenger seat and the gray- bearded yisrael slam on the gas pedal . farrouhk jump into he cab . int . lenny meyer be car - moving - night yisrael yank the steering wheel to the leave , the old station wagon skid around a corner . max farrouhk what about farrouhk !? lenny meyer stay down ! ephraim push Max 's head down . yisrael take another corner sharp . max go back ! lenny meyer he 's okay , he get in he cab . we have be look for you . max what 's go on ? lenny meyer do you have the number ? max what 's go on ? lenny meyer do you have the number ? max yeah , I have it ! lenny meyer you have it . where be it ? you have it write down ? max what be it ? lenny nod to ephraim , who start scan through Max 's pocket . Max resist . the other guy hold he down . max what be you do !? what the hell be you do !? lenny meyer we be not joke around , Max ? where 's the number ? max ( push ephraim away ) it 's not on I . it 's in my head . lenny meyer you memorize it ? do you give it to they ? max who ? lenny meyer who !? that Wall Street bastard . max why do you care ? lenny meyer just answer I ! max screw you ! lenny meyer ( in Hebrew ) hit he ! yisrael screech the car to a halt . he spin around in he seat and look Max in the face . lenny meyer you be deal with something really big now , Max . I do not want to hurt you , so answer I . do you give it to they ? max they have get part of it now get off I ! lenny meyer damn it ! damn it ! they be use it . max use what ? lenny meyer shut up ! max let go ! Max chew into ephraim 's hand which be pin he . ephraim scream and let loose a punch to Max 's jaw . lenny meyer no , do not ! but lenny be late , and Max 's world - as well as ours go black . int . max's apartment - night Max stare suspiciously at the bathroom . he slowly pick up he drill . wield it like a hammer , he carefully advance into the bathroom where he look into the sink . he almost vomit when he see a piece of human brain sit above the drain . ant swarm across its surface . Max become furious . he whacks it with the drill . blood fly up into he face . in a wild rage , he smashes it and punch it . then he drop the drill and use he bare hand to shove it down the drain . scream like a madman , he jam it until it be go . int . basement shul - day a wise -look , bearded hasidic man with benevolent , pierce eye stand tenderly over Max . he wear traditional black clothes . lenny meyer pace nervously in the background . as Max come through , rav cohen speak . rav cohen Max , Max . you be okay I be rabbi Cohen . Cohen like you . I be sorry for what lenny do , he 's be reprimand . it be not we way be you okay ? max yeah , yeah rav cohen everything will be fine , Max . you need to give we the number . do you have it ? max what be it ? lenny meyer ( charge over ) I tell you we do not know max you would not be so flip out if you do not know . what 's happen to I ? lenny meyer give we the number ! max screw you ! rav cohen okay , okay ! lenny , easy ! Max , I will tell you what 's go on . just calm down . ( deep breath , then ) the talmud tell we it begin two thousand year ago , when the Roman destroy the second temple . max what be you ... rav cohen just give I a chance . you will understand everything if you listen . Max take out he pill and start feed himself some . rav cohen the Roman also murder all of we priest - hood—the cohanim—the cohen , and with they death they destroy we great secret . in the center of the great temple be the holy of holy which be the heart of jewish life . this be the earthly residence for we God . the one God . it contain the ark of the tabernacle which store the original ten commandment that God give to mose . only one man could enter this space once a year on the holy day of the year , yom kippur on the Day of atonement , all of Israel would descend upon Jerusalem to witness the High Cohen 's trip into the holy of holy . if the holy man be pure he would reemerge a few moment later and Israel be secure a prosperous year . it mean that we be one yea be closer to the messianic age . closer to the return of the Garden of eden . but if he be impure , he would die instantly and it mean that we be doom . the High Cohen have a single ritual to perform in the holy of holy . he have to intone a single word . rav Cohen take a dramatic pause . Max be anxious to hear the end of the story . max so ? rav cohen that word be the true name of God . max yeah ... rav cohen the true name , which only the cohanim know , be two hundred and sixteen letter long . a long beat . max ( incredulous ) you be tell I that the number in my head be the name of God !? wondrously , Max rub the scar on he head . rav cohen ( Passion building ) yes ... it 's the key into the messianic age . as the Roman burn the temple , the talmud say , the High Cohen walk into the flame . he take he secret to the top of the burn building . the heaven open up and take the key from the priest 's outstretch hand . we have be search for the key ever since . and you may have find it . now let we find out . max that 's what happen . I see god. rav cohen no , no , Max . you be not pure . you can not see God unless you be pure . max it 's more than God ... it 's everything . it 's math and science and nature ... the universe . I see the Universe 's DNA rav cohen you see nothing . max I see everything . rav cohen there 's much more . we can unlock the door with the key . it will show God that we be pure again . he will return we to the Garden . max Garden ? you be not pure . I be the one who have the number rav cohen who do you think you be ? you be a vessel from we God . you be carry a delivery that need to be make to we . max it be give to I . it 's part of I . it 's change I . rav cohen it 's kill you . because you be impure . lenny meyer it will kill you ! max and what will it do to you ? lenny meyer we be pure . give we the number ! max the number be nothing . you know that ! rav cohen we can use it . we can wield it . max it 's just a number . I be sure you have write down every two hundred sixteen number . you have translate all of they . you have intone they all . have not you ? but what 's it get you ? it 's not the number ! it 's the meaning . it 's the syntax . it 's what 's between the number . if you could understand you would . but it 's not for you ! I have get it . I understand it . I be go to see it ! ( whisper to rav Cohen ) rabbi ... I be choose . ext . CITY street - day Max race through the street of New York . he be wide -ey . max ( v.0 . ) suddenly , it 's all there . it all make sense . I can crack it . I can know it . I know what it be . sol know , too . I need to tell he . I need to show he . I need to bring he with I . people fly by . Max in a spiraling whirlwind . ext . sol' apartment - night a pump and excited Max pace the hall as he ring the bell . the door open . but it be not sol . it 's a young , beautiful woman wear a simple black dress . her name be jenny robeson and she be sol 's niece . jenny robeson can I help you ? max ( confused ) sol ? jenny robeson be you a friend ? max what do you mean ? jenny robeson he have a second stroke . max where be he ? Jenny 's eye drop . max no . Max rush into sol 's study . the room be cover with sol 's p , research book . it seem sol have recently come out of retirement . Max look at a few of sol 's book . then he find a piece of paper with sol 's handwrite on it . on the paper be the number . Max slide it into he pocket . Max look at the go board . the piece be arrange in a giant spiral across the board . dissolve to int . max's apartment - day Max sit on he bed stare at sol 's handwritten number . then he notice that he thumb be twitching . he drop sol 's note . max stop it , please ! he dump the content of the bottle of pill into he hand . Max stop as he prepare to shove the pill down he throat . he look at the pill . then he look at euclid around he . he throw the pill and the bottle to the floor . they fall to earth in slow motion . the room rush in on Max and so do the pain . it throw he to the ground and he bashes he head against the floor . max ( courageously ) no. no. I be ready . I be ready ! show I ! Max recite the number and use it to get to he foot . the pain rip apart he voice . Max 's pain and anger transform into violence . he attack euclid furiously . he recite the number with rage in he voice . max Three , seven , two ... he smashes the old computer apart . he toss he step stool through the mainframe . then he go to the window and try to rip off the cardboard cover the glass pane . nothing do , so he yank the entire window wide open . sunlight flood the room and throw Max into the blinding white void where Max look around starry - eye . the pain be go . everything be new to Max - even he hand . the stress lease from he brow and he shoulder sag . Max continue to recite the number his voice become tender and peaceful . as he start to become part of the void , he voice turn into a whisper and he eye start to close . then he hear devi. devi ( o.s. ) max. Max ! be you okay !? oh my God , Max ! her voice reach into the void . devi ( o.s ) Max ! breathe , Max . breathe ! Max look toward she voice . devi ( o.s. ) yes , max. listen to I ... we cut back to ... the MAIN room where devi lean over Max . Max 's eye be open while he continue to recite the number . devi breathe , Max ! breathe . focus . Max turn away from devi and we return to the blinding white void where Max continue to recite the number . devi ( o.s. ) no , Max . no. stay with I Max . stay with I . and then we cut back to the MAIN room where devi grab Max 's palm . Max 's finger wrap around she hand . we return to the blinding white void where Max stop recite the number . he suddenly open he fear fill eye . max where be I ? what be this ? this be wrong , sol. sol ! Max let out a ' SOL ! , and reach out into the void . we match cut back to the MAIN room where Max grab devi and hug she . he gasp for air as he collapse into she arm , sobbing . max sol ! you be right sol ! he be right . devi that 's right Max . that 's right . breathe . breathe . max he be right . I want to breathe . breathe . devi yes , breathe , max. breathe ... Max sob . he hold onto she for dear life and then be realize that devi be not in he arm . he be hold onto himself . then Max notice sol 's note on the ground . he look at the number . he collect himself and catch he breath . int . max's bathroom '' day Max look at sol 's note . he light a match and burn it . next , he prepare something in the sink . we hear the whine of a motor . then it stop , Max look at himself in the mirror , he smile . then he get solemn . he take a deep breath . then we hear the motor again . Max lift up he arm . he 's hold a drill . he place the bit against the math section of he scalp . he apply pressure and drill into he brain . Max collapse as we quickly CUT to ext . CITY playground - day tight on a tree branch gently blow in the wind . Max watch it with peaceful , understanding eye . he wear a hat on he head . he listen to the wind in the tree . just then , Jenna surprise he with she Fisher price calculator on hand . jehna Max , Max ! Max smile at Jenna . he 's glad to see she . jenna can we do one , Max , can we ? Max shrug , not able to say no . jenna how about two hundred and fifty - five time a hundred and eighty - three . Jenna type m the number . Max be about to say " no " to Jenna , but then be decide to give it a shot . Max think , he really think . Jenna press the equal button . jenna I get it ! I get it ! what 's the answer ? max ( smiling and then laugh ) I do not know . I really do not know . what be it , Jenna ? jenna forty -six thousand six hundred and sixty - five . max oh . the tree blow gently in the wind as we slowly fade to white which bring we to the end