the piano lesson screenplay for a film by jane campion producer jan chapman script editor billy mackinnon Maori dialogue and translator selwyn muru ( c ) copyright : Jan chapman production pty Ltd 2 fairlight Street leichhart 2040 nsw Australia 4th draft 1991 develop with the assistance of the Australian Film Commission ---------------------------------------------------------------- sc 1 sc 1 ada ( vo - scs 2 to 7 ) the voice you hear be not my speak voice , but my mind 's voice . I have not speak since I be six year old . no one know why , not even I . my father say it be a dark talent and the day I take it into my head to stop breathe will be my last . today he marry I to a man I have not yet meet . soon my daughter and I shall join he in he own country . my husband say my muteness do not bother he . he write and hark this : God love dumb creature , so why not he ! be good he have God 's patience for silence affect everyone in the end . the strange thing be I do not think myself silent , that be , because of my piano . I shall miss it on the journey . sc 2 ext scottish field near houseday sc 2 a woman in a dark crepe victorian dress sit lean against a tree , she hand cover she face , around she neck she wear a write pad . she cross a field with large bare tree , in the far background stand a 3 storey stone house . sc 3 int scottish house corridor day sc 3 a small girl roller skate down a dimly light corridor . a parlour may look down the hall where the girl have disappear . sc 4 int scottish house drawing roomday sc 4 Three man wear long grey apron be fitting the pack for a piano . on one of the men' arm be a tattoo of a whale in a wild sea . sc 5 ext scottish house ground day sc 5 the girl wear she skate sit on a small black pony . a old man be pull it , but it will not move . ( in the background , another aspect of the grey stone house . ) sc 6 int scottish house flora' bedroom nightsc 6 the woman lift back the sheet from the bottom of the sleep girl 's bed . she be still wear she skate . the woman cut through the lace and remove the boot . one disembody skate roll across the room . sc 7 int scottish house drawing roomnight sc 7 the woman stand at a window light by moonlight . her skin appear luminescently white . she touch the wooden window frame , the curtain , the object on the window sill , she mind abstract , she hand unconsciously perform a farewell . turn from the window she move to a square piano crowded by pack box . in the dim light she begin to play strongly . her face strain , she be utterly involved , unaware other own strange guttural sound that form a eerie accompaniment to the music . a old may in night - dress look in . abruptly the woman stop play . the emotion leave she face , it whiten and seem solid like a wall . CUT to black sc 8 ext underwater beach day sc 8 under water a long boat pass overhead , its oar break the surface . sc 9 ext beach day sc 9 amidst a riotous sea a woman , ada , be carry to shore on the shoulder of five seamen . her large victorian skirt spread across the men' arm and back , on she head a black bonnet , around she neck she pad and pen . we should be forgiven if this woman seem a sacrificial offer as the bay they carry she to be completely uninhabited . a black sand back on to a endless rise of dense native bush . the breaker be chaotic , the man strain to keep they foot , call to each other . seamen hold still you smutt ! blast the boat ! look up ! look up ! Lay to ! Lay to . up with it you buggerer , hold hard ! damn I will not you hold ?! etc . two of the man be black , all be batter , tattooe and tough , some be drunk . behind the woman be she daughter , a girl of ten in Scottish dress . she too be carry on the shoulder of seamen . ada be place on the sand . she look down at she foot sink into the wet sand , then up at the huge confusion of fern and bush in front of she . the sound of sea behind be thunderous . several of the seamen have form a group and be pissing on the sand . her daughter be on all four evidently be sick . but ada 's attention be divert to the seamen who be staggering through the wave with a huge piano shape box . they put it down as soon as they get to 5hore but ada make gesture that they must immediately bring it to higher safer ground . the piano place to she satisfaction she hover near it , one hand in constant touch of it while she daughter grip she free hand . sc 10 ext beach day sc 10 two seamen finish carry the last crate to shore . trunks and box include a open crate with hen be scattered carelessly along the shore . the seamen gather together . after a discussion in which they look between ada and she child and they coaster out on the sea , one of the man approach . behind he the other man keep they eye out to sea or down on the sand . they do not want to be involved . the sight of the woman alone on this beach be too hopeless . seamen it 's a little rough out there . could be they can not get through to you in this weather . maybe they will come over land . ada nod . seamen have you thing for shelter ? ada nod . seamen what thing have you ? ada sign to she daughter . the little girl speak clearly and loudly without emotion . flora she say , " thank you " . puzzle , the man walk off , then turn and come back . seamen do you mother prefer to come on with we to Nelson ? ada sign vigorously to flora . flora she say , no . she say she would rather be boil alive by native than get back in you tub . seamen ( stunne ) you be damn fortune I do not smack you puppy gob , missy . damn lucky . scene 11 deleted sc 12 ext beach day sc 12 ada be shelter behind the crate piano , anxiety etched on she face . flora be asleep at she foot a half eat biscuit in she hand ada have find a gap through the crate so that she might lift the lid and play a few note . the sweetness and comfort of the piano seem only to exaggerate they isolation and hopelessness . 2 - see note suddenly a rush of sea water shoot straight under the raise crate of the piano wetting she shoe . ada stand , push flora onto she foot . she be aghast to see the tide have creep in completely unnotice . they watch three of they box float out to sea . one of the hen have escape the crate and be bob up and down in the wave . scene 13 deleted sc 14 ext beach dusk sc 14 there be just a pink streak leave in the sky . ada and flora shelter inside they make - shift tent , a hoope petticoat secure at the edge with stone . Inside the tent a candle light up they conversation . ada be hand signal a story to flora who lie back watch , nervous and afraid . ada 's whole self be involved in the " tell " , she face be alight with expression , now tender , now sad , now humorous , now soft , while she hand and finger be deat and precise . from outside it be a odd shadow play . flora ( hand signal ) mother ... I be think ada pause . ( speak ) I be not go to call he papa . I be not go to call he anything . I be not even go to look at he . sc 15 ext BUSH on way to beach day sc 15 through a dense bush walk a party of fourteen maori people and two european men . the wetness , closeness and darkness of the bush be such that the air seem green , like at the bottom of a deep sea . two of the maoris share one pair of shoe and all of they be clothed in a mixture of native and european costume . of the european one be small and have a shy manner . he have a half complete Maori tattoo across he cheek . the other be a similar age about 45 and wear a suit , muddy and out of place here in the bush . he stagger , spurt forward then slow to a stop . his hair and face be wet and he skin reflect the green foliage . baine the young man turn and slow . baine be we stop ?... do you want to stop ? the maori voice and laughter be become fainter . baine watch tear between he concern for stewart and the split in they party . 3 - see Notes baine shall we stop ? unable to get a answer baine run after the maoris . baine tai hoa ! I tatari tatou .. , I tutatou I konei . ( wait ! we be stop .. we be stop . ) subtitled stewart take out a comb and drag it daze and zombie like through he wet hair . Inside the darkness of he pocket , he turn over and over a small , wear edge photograph , a smudge of green light allow we to see ada 's tumble face . take it in the heel of he hand he secretly look at it . just as the party return and settle he stare on ahead possess and determine . stewart we must get on . the maoris look at baine bewilder . tame aue tepatupsiarehe ! ( the fairy people , what can you expect ? ) subtitled sc 16 ext beach morningsc 16 it be early morning . the sea be calmer and the tide be again low . the party or two european and fourteen maori men and women come out on to the beach . about half the maori party head straight for the shoreline where a older woman loudly organise a pipi collection . all sort of container be use from flax basket to shirt with knot in they arm . the rest follow stewart and baine over to the box . stewart automatically re-comb he hair , patting it against he forehead , where it stick in a rake pattern . on he head he carefully place a formal top hat , oddly dean compare to he mud splatter suit . the party stop short of the petticoat where a tell - tale foot reveal its occupant . stewart miss mcgrath , alisdair Stewart . you will have to wake yourself . I have get man here to carry you thing . ada and flora struggle up to find themselves confront by a group of man and woman . the maoris stare curiously and comment on the woman . aut he anahera enci ? ( be they angel , they look like angel . ) subtitled a man point at flora 's foot and gesture as if hold one of the little shoe in he hand . Te monohi hoki ! ( so small ! ) subtitled flora be strike by shyness and hide under she mother 's skirt . ada cannot look straight at stewart and stewart also can not look at she . stewart I see you have a good many box , I would like to know what be in each . as ada do not move stewart be puzzle . stewart can - you - hear - I ? ada nod and look up coldly , insulted by he slow loud speak . stewart well that be good , yes that be good , good . stewart smile search ada 's face for some sign of comprehension but be unnerve by she lack of response . he stop smile , and , patting he hair walk to the close box . several of the maori party follow behind stewart while one of they closely and particularly mimic he . stewart what 's in here ? ada point to the write already on the box say " crockery and pot " . stewart ohh , yes so it be , write there , crockery . stewart and this one ? ada write " bedclothes and linen " on the pad around she neck - while she write he take the opportunity to scrutinise she . stewart you be small . I never think you would be small . he walk to another chest stewart what 's here ? she write " clothes " . the maori mimic also pretend to write . finally he come to the piano box . he lift a corner experimentally . stewart what 's in here then , lead ? flora ( gravely ) it 's my mother 's piano . stewart a piano ? the maoris touch the expose leg of the piano . stewart speak to the other european man baine . stewart tell they to carry in pair . that three and that two the black and the red , then the suitcase . stewart hold baine back a moment . stewart what do you think ? stewart nod towards ada . baine think a moment then turn towards ada too . baine she look tired . stewart she 's stunt , that 's one thing . baine walk over to hone a big man and the maorj leader , he stand tall with a great sense of he own importance . ( mana ) baine anei nga pouaka - ko era e toro . I era e raa . ( here be the box , that three and that two . ) unsubtitled hone E hoal hone take a aggressive fight posture towards baine , insulted that baine should suggest he might carry anything . hone do not carry , he be the boss . with great dignity hone retreat , too injure to help . other maoris come up and baine assign they box . ada get worried , the piano be be leave alone . she write on she pad , " the piano ? " she show stewart . stewart oh no , it can not come now . flora it must come . stewart look at flora flora she want it to come . stewart yes and so do I , but there be too few of we here to carry it . too - heavy ada write " I need the piano . " her maori mimic copy she . stewart do you mean you do not want you kitchenware or you clothes ? be that what you mean ? ada sign to flora . flora we can not leave the piano stewart let we not discuss this further . I be very pleased .... stewart slow down as he watch ada again sign to flora , he have the uncomfortable impression he be be interrupt . flora mother want to know if they could come back directly for it ? stewart be shocked , he mouth hang slightly open , pause in mid speech . tahu mimic this mouth drop perfectly . flora after they have take the other thing ? stewart be grow confuse and anxious . his two mimic and they grow audience unnerve he further . pito kei riri a the raho maroke . ( shout loudly at tahu ) ( watch it dry ball be get touchy . ) subtitled stewart nod suspiciously towards the maori speaker not understanding he , the speaker smile and nod back . stewart I suggest you prepare for a difficult journey . the bush will tear clothes and the mud be deep in place . stewart walk away . ada stand beside the piano turn away from the activity . flora pat she hand try to cheer she . down on the beach a fire be light and pipis be prepare for cooking . some of the young man be racing naked into the sea . stewart ( to baine about the maoris ) what be they do ? we do not have time for that . sc 17 exi beach day sc 17 it be some hour later and the carry party be beginning to make they way up into the bush . ada still stand beside she piano . flora want to follow the party . baine come back along the beach , trail by a young Maori boy , kaha . baine Mr. Stewart ask if I might show you to the path . ( ada do not move ) ... May I carry something ? ada turn to baine , she face angry and defiant , she eye full of tear . baine fall back , strike by she show of emotion . ada and flora walk past he toward the bush . sc 18 ext cliff above beach day sc 18 the party thread its way through the bush along the cliff . ada pause at the cliff top to see she piano below on the sand , tiny and desolate . its distance and she love of it suddenly strike she . its music be faint and become loud over the next scene . sc 19 ext BUSH from beach day sc 19 Brown foot squelch through the mud , finally follow by dainty boot cake in dirt . the maori leader of the party have stop . 4 - see note baine work he way to the front . baine aha tenei ? ( what be it ? ) subtitled hone E hinga the koroua rarr B pitama i konci . kare noa Kia hikina the tapu . ( Old man pitama die here . ( point to the spot ) the tapu have not be lift ) unsubtitled stewart struggle up to the front to join baine , he speak over the top of hone . stewart what 's he say ? baine someone die here . it 's tapu . stewart but we come down this way do not we ? I be sure we do . the maori leader continue discuss . 0h pitama eh . hone E tarna heke atu ki ram - tiro he atu . rapuhia mai he huarahi be ! ( go and look , find another track eh ! ) unsubtitled tipi ' cia tupato he ana taniwba ke raro to . ( go easy there 's a ghost down there . ) subtitled hotu ' can , rongo koe i the haunga a tan tutae i the tuatahi . ( you smell he shit first . ) unsubtitled stewart continue over the top of the maori discussion . stewart they want more money . they be try to make two day out of it ? baine no , no they know another track - to the side of this . ada and flora sit watch , out of breath . the bush be dense , claustrophobic and exotic . one of the maori woman sit close to ada apparently not look at she - slowly she draw the scarf that be in ada 's lap into she own . defiantly she put it on . meanwhile another woman make a very dignify attempt to wipe the freckle from flora 's face . sc 20 ext stewart' day sc 20 it be another day and stewart be hut , bleakly set amidst smoking stump be full of squeal , chase and antic . sc 21 int stewart' hut day sc 21 the reverend in frock coat have a wedding dress stick part way up he arm . it be not a normal wedding dress but a backless one use again and again as a photographic prop . Stewart 's aunt morag and she companion nessie be try to pull it off . aunt morag watch you foot ! nessie watch you foot ! ada and flora find the family fun frightening and have take refuge in the bedroom . aunt morag careful ! watch he hand . nessie watch he hand the reverend tickle he sister as she try to get the sleeve off he hand . nessie squeal with excitement . aunt morag stop it ! nessie look towards ada panting with excitement at the fun . aunt morag ( shooing the reverend out ) we will bring out the bride . the two woman now fit the wedding dress on ada . aunt morag lift - you - arm - up - dear . flora sit on the bed sulkily . she lean back and cross she leg . flora my real father be a famous german composer aunt morag ohh the tag be break . flora ( continue ) .... they meet when my mother be a opera singer ... in luxemburg ... the two woman pause to look at flora . ada sign to flora " that's enough ! " flora why ? ada look away , the two woman finish primp the dress . flora cross she arm . flora I want to be in the photograph . sc 22 ext stewart' Hut day sc 22 nessie half hold a umbrella over ada as they make they way to where the camera be setup in front of a chair and a sparse display of three toi-toi . all about the house be muddy , so much so that they must weave they way through on plank and log . a fine veil of rain be fall across the distant bush , the whole valley be shroud in mist . stewart look through the camera at the reverend and the photographer who be pose as the couple , complete with tatty bouquet . stewart notice ada 's arrival and see she as a real bride , he bride , he be struckdumb with pride , even the rough tape at the back or the dress cannot destroy the illusion . stewart beautiful . the umbrella be hold away , the rain pour down . sc 23 int / ext stewart hut bedroom day sc 23 aunt morag have bring a chair into the bedroom and sit knee to knee with flora . aunt morag I think she meet you father in luxemburg . flora well , yes , in Austria where be conduct the Royal orchestra . aunt morag ( frown ) and where do they get marry ? aunt morag check to see if someone be come . flora ( she Scottish accent become thick and expressive ) in a enormous forest , with real fairy as bridesmaid each hold a little elf 's hand . aunt morag sit back , regard flora with obvious disapproval and disappointment . she smooth back she hair . flora no , I tell a lie , it be in a small country church , near the mountain aunt morag be become involved again . she lean forward . aunt morag which mountain be that dear ? flora the alp . aunt morag ohhh I have never be there . ( she lean forward ) flora mother use to sing the song in german and she voice would echo across the valley that be before the accident .... aunt morag oh what happen ? morag look over she shoulder as flora continue to talk , so persuasive be flora 's storytelling that the scene come vividly to life , albeit in flora 's dark pupil . flora one day when my mother and father be sing together in the forest , a great storm blow up out of nowhere . but so passionate be they sing that they do not notice , nor do they stop as the rain begin to fall and when they voice rise for the final bar of the duet a great bolt of lighten come out of the sky and strike my father so that he light up like a torch ... and at the same moment my father be strike dead my mother be strike dumb ! she - never-spoke-another - word . aunt morag ohhh ... dear . not another word from the shock , yes it would be . the story be interrupt by the return of the wedding party who be drip wet , exactly as the couple in the story . aunt morag bustles over to take off the wet wedding gown , she face pucker with tragedy . aunt morag terrible . terrible before she can undo the tie ada pull it from herself so aggressively that the tie and part of the gown come apart . none of this be a concern to ada who be distract with fear for she piano . she cross to the little window and stare anxiously at the fall rain . sc 24 ext beach dusk sc 24 Soft piano music have be play over the previous scene . now it build to strength as sea water swirl high around the piano , small and embattle on the dark rainy beach . sc 23 int stewart' hut bedroom day sc 25 it 's morning of the next day . ada and flora sit amongst tea chest in the bedroom . ada be signing intently to flora . flora sign back , sometimes use word . stewart watch uneasy with they secret communication . as stewart enter the animation be suspend . ada stand and take a step back as if to attention . stewart I shall be go for some day . there be some Maori land I want and may buy very reasonably . ( stewart shuffles ) I be hope you will use the time to settle in , and , in some way we may start again flora and ada look at each other . stewart all right ? ada look at he blankly , then nod . sc 26 ext stewart' day sc 26 ada and flora dress in cloak and bonnet skirt the dense bush try to find a path in . it be not easy , because the bush be so tight . ada 's leg slide in up to she calf in mud . sc 27 ext baine ' day sc 27 ada and flora arrive at baine ' rough hut . it be mid-morn but baine be not yet dress . ada hand he a note . baine look at it blankly . baine I be not able to read . ada sign to flora . flora please take we to the beach where we land . baine I be sorry , I can not do that . ( flora and ada stare evenly at he ) I do not have the time . ( they continue to stare . ) Goodbye sc 28 ext baine ' day sc 28 it be much later when baine emerge from he hut with a saddle over he arm . the two woman be still there . ada look up at he expectantly . flora mirror she expression . baine I - can not - take - you there . I can not do it . he put the saddle over a rail . he continue to saddle up , sneaking glance at they from under the horse and around its side . they watch he closely , not pleadingly , but stubbornly 1 eerily of one mind . sc 29 ext beach day sc 29 the sky be blue with long wisp of cloud . the party of three break onto the long expanse of beach where the piano still stand . it have not be without visitor . there be footprint on the sand and some of the board have be pull back . ada pass baine , walk urgently towards it . soon , ada have remove enough board that she may lift the lid and play the key . emnes stay back . ada take great delight in feel she finger on the key again . her whole composition be alter . she be animated , joyful , excited . down on the wet sand flora do a wild dance of she own invention use a seaweed wig . she finish by roll down the beach in the sand . baine view they with suspicion , yet he be magnetically draw to the spectacle he have never see woman behave with so much abandon . his attention fix on ada 's uninhibit emotional play , and as he watch , he find himself edging irresistibly closer . sc 30 ext beach late after noonsc 30 the shadow be long on the sand when bain 'es collect the board . ada and flora be attempt a duet . ada notice he come towards they with the board , obviously intend that they should leave . her mood darken , she continue play stubbornly even though flora have stop . abruptly she finish . in black spirit she replace she cape and bonnet . baine be strike by this sudden change , he watch she mesmerise as he replace the board . sc 31 ext beach night sc 31 from a helicopter , the camera track along the beach , follow the crash wave line , to find the piano . scene 32 deleted sc 33 ext stewart' hut &amp ; kitchen dusk sc 33 the hut puff smoke out into the valley . the lie of the land trap sound like a shell and the clear high note of a voice echo out . suspicious that ada be sing , stewart approach the house quietly . through the open kitchen door he see that the key of a piano have be etched on the table top . while ada " play " the note flora sing they . stewart put he pack down . ada stand to attention , fold the tablecloth back over the table . 5 , 6 + 7 see note stewart hello , then . flora hello . ada nod . stewart be hand explore the marking on the table . ada watch he hand move under the check cloth . sc 34 int mission house day sc 34 aunt morag , nessie and two maori girl dress in proper victorian costume be kneel around a huge double white sheet , sewing and cut it . the maori girl be part of the mission 's good work . they be dress in european style and while they training be in polite proper domestic behaviour they constantly corrupt it with they demonstrative display of affection , and they clay tobacco pipe to which they be addict . stewart be stand , look on . baine be behind he in the kitchen remove he boot . aunt morag ( look carefully at stewart ) well you stop comb you hair , which be a good thing , it be look over do . ( without pause but refer to the sheet ) you see this be the slit that the head will go through , show he nessie ... they will be dead , the reverend be go to use animal blood , no doubt it will be very dramatic . tea ! ( for nessie rather than to she ) nessie it will be very dramatic . nessie leave to get the tea . heni , the maori girl with a moku tickle mari be back while she sew . they sing the anthem in snatch . it be background to the conversation . stewart ( sit down ) what would you think if someone play a kitchen table like it be a piano ? aunt morag like it be a piano ? stewart it 's strange be not it ? I mean it 's not a piano , it do not make any sound . nessib put stewart be tea down . baine come in with he tea cup dwarf in he big hand . he stand back lean against a wall . aunt morag ( hiss to nessie ) biscuit . ' no , no sound . nessie hustle back to the kitchen . stewart I know she be mute , but now I be think it 's more than that . I be wonder if she 's not brain affect . aunt morag no sound at all ? stewart no , it be a table . aunt morag ( muse ) well , she be very violent with the gown . she tore off a chunk of lace . if have not be there I would have swear she would use she tooth nessie and wipe she foot a it . stewart well it have not yet come to anything . just a concern . aunt morag pat she chest . a calming device . aunt morag oh , yes , yes of course , a concern . stewart there be something to be say for silence aunt morag oh indeed . cotton ' . she hold she needle up for nessie to thread . stewart ( warming ) and with time she will , I be sure , become affectionate . aunt morag certainly , there be nothing so easy to like as a pet and they be quite silent . baine watch quietly on . sc 35 ext stewart' woodchop day sc 35 stewart be at the woodshop cut firewood . he display he virtuosity as a axeman , cut the wood into ever more slender piece , flora be watch and stack the fall timber . she flinch as the axe hit the wood , but scurries in to pick up the timber . baine be stand talk to stewart . baine that 80 acre , that cross the stream , what do you think of they ? stewart on you property ? baine yes baine carry a log across for stewart who talk without pause in he work , stewart good , flatish land with reliable water , why ? I do not have money . what be you about ? baine I would like to make a swap . stewart what for ? baine the piano . stewart the piano on the beach ? ada 's piano ? baine nod . stewart stop , this be serious . stewart it 's not marshy be it ? stewart have walk a few pace away from he wood chop in the direction of the land . baine no . stewart you would have to organise it up here . baine yes , I think that . stewart well baine the music lover , I never would have know . Hidden talent George . baine I will have to get lesson . it would not be much use without they . stewart yes , I suppose you would . baine remain silent . he look away . stewart well ada can play . baine shrug . stewart I have it in a letter she play well . she 's be play since she be 5 or6 . flora have stop stack . she be lie along the top of the wood , lift a leg up and down , watch the man . sc 36 int stewart' kjtchen day sc 36 stewart , flushed with he plan , be pour tea into cup . flora peer at cup level through the steam . ada sit beside she at the table . stewart I have get we some excellent land . baine have take some queer idea to have a piano , and you be to give he lesson . have you teach before ? ada sign to flora . flora what on ? stewart on you piano , that be the swap . ala finger sign , she face furious . stewart what do she say ? flora she say it 's she piano , and she will not have he touch it . he 's a oaf , he can not read , he 's ignorant . stewart he want to improve himself ... and you will be able to play on it ... ( ada be not respond well ) teach he to look after it . ada 's breathe become heavy with anger , she write curiously on she pad . no ! no ! the piano be mine ! it's mine ! stewart regards she note and she passion with suspicion and disdain stewart ( get up ) you can not go on like this , we be a family now , all of we make sacrifice and so will you . you will teach he . I shall see to that ! ada 's emotion be suddenly remove and she view stewart blankly , eerily so . sc 37 ext BUSH from beach day sc 37 the piano be take up through the bush by a group of six to eight maori men . it 's very heavy and awkward and they grunt and struggle with it . him to ake ' nun to ' . ( lift up the back ) unsubtitled tern - tern ! ( ass hole ! ) hei niti niti maan ! ( turn around ) you lick it . ) someone stumble and the back of the piano come crash to the ground thunder out in the bottom end of the scale . people scatter . only one stay who warrior like challenge the piano . sc 38 ext path to baine day sc38 the woman duck low to avoid a branch as stewart lead they to baine be hut . stewart carry the piano stool . the path slope up through a strange , bearded forest where the top of tree be bare and ghost like . stewart I would try child 's tune , nothing more complicated ada be unrepentant , she do not want to teach baine the piano . stewart just be encourage no one expect he to be good . sc 39 int / ext baine ' hut day sc 39 the piano be the only care for item in the rough hut stewart ( lift the lid ) it look good , very nice look thing . well . I wish you luck . the girl be very excited about the lesson . the " girl " look anything but excited . flora shy , play obsessively with a long strand of greasy hair . ada be cold and grim . stewart flora will explain anything ada say . they talk through they finger , you can not believe what they say with just they hand . stewart leave . bajne go to the piano and lift the lid . he look at they . ada sign to flora . flora my mother want to see you hand . hold they out . baine hold out he hand , spread wide as if hold a ball . no , no , like this flora put she neat little finger together , first with they back up then she turn they over . haine do the same only he band be big and coarse . ada sign to flora . baine be shyly keen . flora you have to wash they . baine they be wash . ada sign . flora wash they again . baine the mark do not come out . they be scar and harden skin . ada and flora do not move . humiliate baine take a scrub brush , soap and bucket and go outside . ada can see he from the window . she move to she piano . she want to touch it but she be tear by she feeling , want it , but not own it . she stroke the varnish wood with she hand and softly lift the lid . outside flora stand beside baine point out hit of he hand he should still scrub . furtively she lay she hand on the key . the instrument be horribly out of tune , almost every note be off . she go outside and sign to flora . flora there 's no tune leave in the piano so she can not teach you . the two woman leave . sc40 ext steep BUSH hill day sc40 two man come crash out down a steep bush hill , they be tie to each other . baine , the young and stronger , be try to break they fall by grasp hold of branch and shoot . finally they fall be check . the old man be white haire , the front of he suit splatter with the debris of many meal . he sit up feel about for he glass . he be blind . his eye , though close , wobble and roll baine find the glass one of the lense have go , the other be very dark . the old man fit he handkerchief in the gap . sc 41 ext hugescree day sc 41 baine carry the old man on he back , they cross a huge scree . each of baine ' step dislodge a fall of rock . the crash of stone echoe across the valley . baine and he be but small dot in this giant earth scar scene 42 deleted sc 43 int baine ' hut day sc 43 Inside baine ' hut the old man feel the piano . blind man ah , a broadbent . a fine instrument . I have not come across one here , or in the Islands where I have tune some 200 . yes , they like they pianos there . out of he pocket he take a carefully wrap tuning fork . he unwrap the package , lift the back and lid and start to tune . he sniff the air . baine watch , he sniff close to the key . scent ? and salt of course . he work on . what will you play when it 's tune ? what music do you play ? bain look over at he from the meal he be prepare . baine I can not play . the blind man stop work . blind man you do not play ? baine no , I can not . I be go to learn . the man go back to work somewhat depressed by the futility of the venture . blind man well my dear miss broadbent , tune , but silent . scene 44 deleted scene 45 deleted sc 46 ext baine ' hut morningsc 46 a slash of sunlight fall across the piano . thousands of particle of dust become visible float in the air . baine be at the window in he shirt / night shirt . he notice the dust on the piano and strip off he shirt which he use as a duster . under the shirt he be naked . as he wipe the smooth wood he become aware of he nakedness . his movement become slower until he be no longer clean , but caress the piano . sc 47 ext path to baine ' day sc 47 on the path to baine ' house , ada and flora sit in the bush . ada 's head be bow . her hand hold over she face . flora try to catch the spot of light in she palm as they twinkle through the thick canopy of leave over head . sc 48 ext / int baine ' hut day sc 48 the door open . ada and flora stand in they cloak and bonnet . flora mother say she can not stand to teach piano with it all out or tune . so I be to do scale . ada turn and walk off . flora bustles in . baine watch ada from the window , flora I hope you have scrubbed you hand . flora begin a scale . oh , it 's in tune . she look over at baine who be still gaze out the window . flora what 's out there ? she get up to see what baine be look at . she see she mother and divine baine be look at nothing . flora you have to watch I where I put my finger . flora start again . ada can only hear the piano faintly but move closer as she too hear it 's in tune . as she enter the hut baine pull he finger away from the piano . flora see this and stop too . she look at she mother . flora it 's in tune . ada check the other note . flora stand with she arm fold , a bit sulky and fluff up . flora ( hiss ) I be teach . ada try the piano . she look over at baine then sign to flora . flora she want to see what you can do . baine I would rather not play . I want to listen and learn that way . flora everyone have to practice . baine I just want to listen . ada be a bit nonpluss . she do not want to be listen to anymore than she want to teach . she pull a strand of she hair then sign to flora . flora what do you want to hear ? baiw shrug shyly and lock away out the window . he do not know baine anything . ada be slow to start . unoblige as ever she play scale . but once begin she belligerence fade as she absorption in the music strengthen . sc 49 int stewart' hut / ada' bedroom night sc 49 back at stewart be hut , ada lie dispirite on the bed . flora lie beside she hold ada 's hand . flora tell I about my real father . ada nod and stroke flora 's hair from she face . flora lean back . how do you speak to he ? ada sign to flora who watch in love with all the storey of she mother and unreal father . ada ( subtitle ) I do not need to speak , I could lay thought out in he mind like they be a sheet flora what happen ? why do not you get marry ? ada continue to sign she hand casting odd animal like shadow on the newspaper wall . ada cont . after a while he become frighten and he stop listen . stewart enter they bedroom . flora stop and ada stand against the wall . stewart find the atmosphere curious yet impenetrate . stewart shall I kiss you goodnight ? flora look up at she mother . ada shrug . stewart nod stiffly , and uncomfortably , he leave . sc 50 ext baine ' verandah day sc 50 it 's raining heavily , flora sit on the small verandah outside baine ' hut , she leg stick straight out into the wet . she be oversee a merciless power game with the dog , force it out of the verandah with a stick . sc 51 int baine' hut day sc 51 ada 's play can be hear inside . baine sit back watch ada . her cape on the hook be drip a puddle on to the floor and there be a circle of drip around she skirt hem . she be totally absorb in she piano music as she be on the beach . baine watch . her long white neck , now wet from rain , prove irresistible . he come across the room and kiss she . ada jump up and prepare to leave . baine stand in front of the door . baine do you know how to bargain , nod if you do . she do not move , there 's a way you can have you piano back . do you want it back ? you want it back ? ada eye he suspiciously . baine you see I would like we to make a deal . there 's thing I want to do while you stay . if you let I you can earn it back . what do you think , one visit for every key . ada be tense but she be think about it . she hold up a finger then point to the black of she dress . baine you dress ? ada shake she head . skirt ...? she walk over to she piano and point to a black key . for every black one ? ada turn raise she head , nodd . that 's a lot less , half . baine be count the key . ada start for the front door . all right , all right then , the black key . she sit back at the piano . she play the lowest black key as in number one she take she hand off the piano wait . it 's better that you play . obediently she begin , stop abruptly , indignantly , as he touch she neck . baine play ... keep play . after a moment she settles back to the piano . sc 52 ext baine ' verandah day sc 52 outside flora be cradling the poor confuse dog , ask he what cruel miserable person have send he out into the cold and wet . sc 53 ext riverhole near baine ' day sc 53 baine bathes in a riverhole . he be watch by a gather of Maori , sometimes with great seriousness , at other time with hilarity . they pass between they he clothes , try they on and mimick he . one of the older woman hira crouch close to the bank keep up a steady line of inquiry . her manner be relaxed but focus and persistent . she smoke a pipe - hira I get the good wife for you peini . she pray good . clean . read Bible . you sleep she peini . she chief daughter . baine no , no bible reader . baine continue good humouredly wash . hira why ? we need you pakeha clever . you sleep she . tahu ( a big man dress as a woman ) ( background ) I give she plenty clever . ( gesture sexually ) baine I have a wife . tahu ( camp it up ) I give she clever eb peini . hallelujah ! hira do not answer , he low bear . jun look at he , mongrel . you wife where she ? baine she life she own life in New Jersey , America . hira you have spare wife here peini . you get rnana for that . we chief four wife . baine shake he head amusedly . as he get out of the river hira slap he . I marry white man peini , he a whaler like you . he very good to I . Love I , nurse I . hira touch she own face where baine ' tattoo be . hira who do that ? it not finish , that no good peini . you finish ! several people on the bank be take turn to comb they hair , peer into a tiny piece of mirror . sc 54 ext / int baine ' hut day sc 54 baine ' dog hear ada and flora approach . it take off under the house . flora call the dog . it keep well hide . ada have go on inside and the door be close . flora stand outside the door leave out and lonely . she knock . baine answer . flora ( small voice ) I want to speak to my mother she bury she head in she mother 's skirt . I do not want to be outside , I want to watch . ada sign to flora . I will be very quiet . ada lead she to the door signing to she I will not look at he ! flora be shut out . sc 55 int baine ' hut day sc 55 ada sit at the piano . she be shy and nervous she turn to baine who nod . ada begin to play . bainy keep he head bow , but as the play become more confident he raise he head to watch . he sit at a far corner of the room apparently enjoy the whole vision or this woman at she piano . after some time baine , affect by the music , take he chair to a closer position and from a opposite angle . ada glance up as she feel he pass behind she . he seem satisfied to watch . his attention finally focus on she neck as it bend further or closer to the piano . again he shift he chair , take it round the back and to the other side of the piano . as he move ada watch warily . from this position be do not try to touch she , but watch , enjoy she finger move on the key and the small detail of motion on she face . twice he close he eye and breathes deeply baine be experience a unpractise sense of appreciation and lust . when he eye be close , ada glance at he with curiosity and suspicion . sc 56 int school hall day sc 56 flora stand on a kitchen chair . aunt morag and nessie have pause from fitting flora 's bodice and wire angel wing . they be attempt to learn the hand gesture as flora sign : " I shall listen hard to rehearsal , because I live too far away to go often . " aunt morag ( suspiciously ) which sign be the word rehearsal ? flora deftly demonstrate . aunt morag I can not imagine a fate worse than be dumb . turn around . nessie to be deaf ? aunt morag oh yes , dear too - terrible ! awful ! " ' flora actually , to tell you the whole truth , mama say most people speak rubbish and it 's not worth the listen . aunt morag and nessie exchange look . aunt morag ( stiffly ) well , that be a strong opinion . flora yes , it 's unholy . sc 57 int baine ' hut day sc 57 ada be quick to remove a use plate and cup leave on top of the piano . baine be sit next to the window , he elbow on the sill , he head turn away . baine lift you skirt , ada stop play . she turn to he . thinks about it then slowly lift she skirt a little to show she boot . lift it higher . ada pull the skirt up fractionally so the top other boot be expose . bainy nod ada start to play again , not so confidently as before . baine move close , he go down on he knee to watch she foot on the pedal . baine Higher . ada do not hear . lift it higher . she stop and lift she skirt to she knee . she look at baine with ill-disguised contempt . baine be enthralled with she leg , or what he can now see of they . he move back to watch they from behind . he 's lie on the ground , head propped on he arm . ada 's slim stockinge calve work the pedal , one of the stocking have a small hole through which she white skin show sc 58 ext mission house ground dusk sc 58 heni hold stewart be horse near a wooden gate . its wet coat steam in he night air , make the whole horse glow . heni talk softly to it in Maori . sc 59 int mission house night sc 59 Inside the reverend be closely watch by stewart , aunt morag and nessie as he cut out the shape of a axe from a piece of marble cardboard . a lamplight flicker warm tone across they face while the rest of the room be dark give it a conspiratorial air . reverend nessie , you hand out ... out here , please . nessie oh , no use Mr Stewart , I can not act . reverend nessie , please . nessie hesitatingly put she arm out towards he and the reverend chop away in the air two foot in front other , nessie look at aunt morag puzzle . reverend look you be be attack ! the reverend point to the opposite rise - paper wall , where he shadow and paper axe now look very real as they loom large above the crouching nessie chopping into she . nessie squeal , as do mary . reverend and with the blood ... it will be a good effect : sc 60 int baine ' hut day sc 60 ada 's finger play the fourth black key from the leave hand side , denote lesson four . baine undo you dress . this part , ( he indicate the top ) I want to see you arm . ada be take unawares . she sit a moment unsure if she want to cooperate , then slowly she staff to undo she button . ada pull she arm out of the tight sleeve . underneath she wear a wear - in bodice . her arm be so white they seem transparent . a delicate network of blue-green vein crisscross up the soft underpart of she arm . a dark growth of hair in she armpit suggest a shadowy depth . the back of she hand , normally white , be quite tan in comparison . baine play . baine draw he chair close . gently he place he hand on the soft underpart of she forearm . ada stiffen and pull away . he grip the arm . two key . ada continue to play . slowly he move he hand higher towards she shoulder . clearly unnerve she change the music to something brisk , almost comical . baine feel suddenly ridiculous , he mood break . he take he hand away and move back to the window injure . ada be victorious , she be pleased to have win herself a respite . sc 61 ext stewart' woodchop day sc 61 stewart be at the woodchop talk to aunt morag and nessie . mary and heni , aunt morag be Maori girl lie sprawle out under a tree . aunt morag I hardly need to give one to you , but there you be anyway . nessie have be sorting through a basket of invitation , find stewart' she hand it to aunt morag who hand it to stewart . do not be late . you will see there be two time and since you be accompany a performer , you will need to make the earlier time stewart have stop listen , he be watch ada and flora pick they way through the fall log to baine path . stewart wait . the two woman stop . there be a japanese sense of deferment to stewart stewart how be the lesson go ? ada nod enthusiastically . he 's get on all right ? ada nod again good . aunt morag that be good , yes . as ada walk on aunt morag lean towards stewart . she seem quiete down . be she more affectionate ? stewart look after they unable to answer . aunt morag ah well , slowly , slowly sc 62 int baine ' hut day sc 62 baine secure a chair against the door while ada be remove she dress top . she sit at the piano hugging herself against the chill . as baine pass be knock the jacket off the chair back . he pick it up and take it across to she seat by the window . baine nod and ada begin to play . baine finger the still warm jacket 1 he lift it up and smell it . ada turn around and stop play suddenly appal by he odd sensual pleasure take . she hold out she hand for the jacket , she expression stern and censorious . she indicate he should return it to the chair back . baine ignore she . ada stand and come over to baine . she pull the jacket from he hand and replace it across the chair back , but as she turn to sit , baine be beside she . he pull the shoulder of she bodice down , expose she shoulder and some of she breast . ada immediately stand , but bmne be much stronger and man-handle she across to the bed . ada struggle seriously , this be much , much more than she be expect . baine ada , four key . ada hold up five finger and mouth ' five ' . I just want to lie . ada shake she head vigorously and again mouth five ' . all right , all right five . ada no longer struggle . she be stiff and still . baine intoxicate by the smell and presence of she skin become soft and gentle . he kiss and touch she with feel and affection . then suddenly aware of she stillness he too become still . he pull himself up to see whether she face betray she feeling . ada seize this opportunity to return to the uncertain sanctuary of she piano . from the bed , baine watch she run a hand noiselessly over the polished ivory key , a gesture betray affection never afforded to he . baine get up . he shut the piano lid force ada to remove she hand . ada immediately stand and dress , mark hurtfully baine ' ownership of she piano . sc 63 ext stewart' hut sunsetsc 63 a golden evening . stewart in he best shirt and trousers prepare the horse and cart . sc 64 int stewart' hut ada 's bedroom sunsetsc 64 Inside flora be in she finish angel costume , she sing softly to herself while ada undoe the long strand of plait and separate they to comb . flora the Holly and the ivy ... stewart come in to put on he jacket , but the collar be all tuck in . ada automatically adjust it for he , settling it around he neck . her touch , mean practically , strangely affect he . in a impassion impasse , mean gallantly , he try to kiss ada 's finger tip . the gesture falter as ada , surprised , jump back . sc 65 ext school hall dusk sc 65 people be arrive at the school hall . one family be be ferried through the mud in a wheelbarrow . 10 see Notes sc 66 int school hall night sc 66 some people be already seat in the hall . several other angel have arrive , and they like flora be ushere backstage . sc 67 int school hall backstage night sc 67 backstage , the Sunday School teacher be gather the child together , remind they of the order of song , check they hair , etc . the local dramatic society be also prepare themselves . one of the woman be peeping through a hole in a make - shift curtain to watch the townspeople seating themselves . woman they be bring in extra seat ! despite this , there would still be only a maximum of forty people . 10 or so of they maoris in they best european dress . another woman oh God , do not pin my hair too high Alfred ! still another yes , I too , do it about here ... ( she show Alfred ) two of the woman be put a little c4ouring on each of the angel while two other angel be be smack for put they white glove hand in the bucket of blood . sc 68 int school hall night sc 68 everyone be chat at each other 's seat , except the maoiri guest who wait solemnly . aunt morag be organise the placement of the new seat . baine arrive . man one look who 's here , the musical mr baine what will we have tonight George , " twinkle , twinkle ? " baine smile and blink , the teasing continue as baine scan the room for ada . two of the maori party share one pair of shoe so that only one may be in the hall at a time , while the other wait barefoot outside . another man ' Mary have a little lamb ' or a polka , come on George what 's it to be ? aunt morag hustle over to bainy and push he in front of she towards nessie and the piano . aunt morag Mr. baine , do come and turn page baine look wildly about for rescue . baine I can not read music , I have just begin . baine back off from nessie whose face drop in disappointment . he have spot ada and be eager to take a seat near she . he take the seat next to ada but one . he sit smile and blink . the teasing continue , behind he . stewart ( turn ) lot of fool . come on , move up . ada put she hand on the seat and shake she head indicate that she be save it for flora . baine be rebuffe and look across at ada who ignore he . the main light be put out and everyone return to they place . in the dark stewart shyly take ada 's hand in he . baine watch stewart squeezing she hand and quite out of control stand and leave accompany by a chorus of eshhhhhhhhhhhhhn . satisfied , ada watch he go . the child file on with they candle , they stand in a group sing with great seriousness , but strike with shyness they voice be so small as barely to be hear . - sing up billy ! - come on sing out ! one of the smallest promptly pee . a arm reach under the curtain to wipe the stage . sc 69 int school rall &amp ; back stage night sc 69 backstage all be ready for the main dramatic event . there seem to be more peep-hole than curtain as eye press themselves to the little flap . the master of ceremony , the reverend be on stage explain the dramatics . he be wear harlequin tight and romper , he face be dramatically pale . the candle be blow out . reverend and so the young may come upon each and all of bluebeard 's miss wife , they severe head still bleed , they eye still cry . the piano accompaniment be suspenseful while the audience shriek appreciatively . backstage aunt morag provide the drip blood , move between the corpse , she peer at the audience through a peep - hole in the curtain . reverend but who it this ? ( aunt morag look around gasp , fool despite herself ) a loud improvise door slam and heavy footstep . nessie , in costume , freeze . the shadow of bluebeard move clumsily down the cut - out banister and along the corridor . bluebeard I be home early my sweet wife ... where art thou ? the girl scramble for the fall key and rush out of the closet into the silhouette corridor . young wife hello husband , what a surprise ! bluebeard yes wife , a surprise indeed ! so now you know my secret you , the sweetest and youngest or all my wife must be prepare to die . bluebeard pull out a cut - out axe and move towards she . two of the young warrior in chief nihe 's party rise to they foot . auc ! ha aba rarr tenei ? ( hey ! what 's this ) subtitled E nilie , E nihe he kohuru , he kohurn ? ( nihe , nihe be this murder ? ) subtitled nihe wave they down , but they be shake up and only crouch above they seat . the other stare anxiously between nihe and the stage . nihe ( amuse by they ) E the whsnau keite pai-he takaro tenei . ( everything be fine this be just a game ) subtitled bluebeard move closer , the young wife drop to she knee she hand hold up in prayer . young wife no , no wait ! bluebeard I shall not wait . bare you neck . as bluebeard raise he axe again , first one then the other of the young warrior run forward , shouting a fierce war cry and parting the audience , who flee to either side while the corpse come very much to life . Kia hiwara ! kin hiwara ! ( be on the alert ! brace yourself ) pokokohun - whakaputa mai ja koc ! ( coward ! show yourself , come out ! ) subtitled only nihe and he top-hatted daughter remain calmly in they seat . the warrior have bluebeard cornere and whimper a umbrella hold spear- like above he . nihe stomp he stick , he great voice booming out . nihe hoki rnai ! hoki rnai ! ( come back here ! come back here ! ) subtitled sc 70 int school hall back stage night sc 70 backstage the chief and he party be show the theatrical device ; the blood -bucket , the paper axe , the split in the sheet . sc 71 int baine ' hut day sc 71 ada go to the piano , she be upset that baine have again leave a plate on top of it . baine intercept she , step several time between she and the piano . she see the game and stand still . he step aside . she remove the plate , gently , lovingly wiping the surface underneath . there be a sulky irritation in the way baine watch she . baine I have be wait . you be very late . ada start to play , baine watch then look away . baine I do not want you to play . I just want you to sit . ada keep play until she have finish . without look at he she hold up two finger against the piano . baine ( angry ) no , not two key . ada start play again , baine feel powerless . he no longer admire she absorption with the piano , he be jealous of it . baine ( shout ) two key then ! she stop play . there be a insolence or casualness in the way she regards baine . he pull she chair back from the piano . this upset she , as much of she confidence be associate with the instrument . baine kiss she passionately on the mouth . ada pull back , baine persist , he be desperate and romantic . sc 72 ext base of BUSH cover hill day sc 72 stewart , with baine interprete , talk with a group of maoris at the base of a bush cover hill . the maoris sit behind a small representation of the hill mark out with twig on the ground . the atmosphere be tense . maori negotiator ( point to the place ) nga awa kau kau , nga ana koiwi 0 matoti mattia tunpuna ; kei runga katoa i the whenua nei korerongia atu ki to tangata to e peini . ( the bathing water , the cave , that house , the remain of we ancestor be all part of this land . explain it to the man baine . ) subtitled stewart ( mutter to baine across the previous speech ) what do they say ? be they sell ? offer the blanket for half the land . stewart hold up he ten finger and then two more . stewart t-w~e-l-v~e. baine Te , kawnarna paraikete mo the tahi hawlie 0 the whenna uci . ( he will give you twelve blanket for half the land . ) unsubtitled the maoris look carefully at the quality of the blanket , note the depth of the weave and the strength of the wool . they shake they head as they discuss they . stewart ( quietly to baine ) offer the gun . maori negotiator kahore atu he kororo . kahore niaton kote hake whentia . engad mate peak not . ( no more talk , we will not sell the land . I will trade you pig , that be all . ) subtitled he mess up the pattern of twig as he speak . angry maori ( angry to the negotiator ) he aha the pononga 0 the whenus pena kahore he pu hei pupuri ? ( what be the point of own we land if we have no gun to hold it ? ) subtitled the maori negotiator get up to leave as do the other , stewart snatch back he blanket and sulkily shake they out to fold . baine E hoa mar , haria atu rarr takit kia nihe . ( give my regards to Chief nihe . ) maori negotiator ( other join in ) ac ra. Kia ora ! Kia ora ! Te peini . ( yes indeed ! thank you . thank you , peini . ) sc 73ext BUSH at new boundary markersdaysc 73 baine and stewart walk through the bush . stewart laden down with he blanket , red-face and irritable . stewart what do they want it for ? they do not cultivate it , burn it back , anything . how do they even know it 's theirs ? baine stop as he come to a freshly place fence post . stewart wind down he complaint watch baine anxiously . baix walk down to the next one . he touch the freshly split post . ( tentatively ) I think I might as well mark it out . baine yes , why not . stewart ada say you be do well with the piano ? baine keep walk from post to post . stewart I will have to come and hear you play . what do you play . baine nothing just yet stewart no . well I suppose it take time . sc 74ext stewart vegetable patchdaysc 74 ada have cut a good size cabbage in the vegetable patch . she throw it to flora who miss , drop it in a pool of mud , spattering she face and dress . ada smile and flora who be about to cry give the cabbage a big football bett towards she mother . ada 's mouth fall open , but then she too kick it and they begin to dribble the mud cake cabbage towards the hut , all the time signing playful insult . into this arrive stewart . stewart baine can not play a damn thing . be that right he can not play a thing ? we be go to lose that land , the way he be carry on over it . be he musical ? you have get to teach he a song . something simple . flora have she foot on the cabbage , she nudge it off behind she . it roll down the hill . stewart can not help but notice , stewart what 's that ? he follow the cabbage down the hill ' where he scrape some of the mud off . this thing 's be knock to piece . sc 75 int / ext baine ' hut day sc 75 flora be see through baine ' window Inside , ada as ever chart she progress on the black key , eleven . she turn to baine for instruction . baine be not himself , he be sulky and distant . baine do what you like . play what you like . ada be perplex by this turn about of behaviour . a little uncertainly , she set about she play . after a little she too turn to see what baine be do . he 's not there . she be surprised then anxious as she fear the deal may be off when there be flaw so few key to go . she start to play again , but she anxiety prove too great . she stop and listen . she look out the window , where flora be muck about in the yard . she walk to he bedroom , listen , then open the door . baine stand naked look at she . ada be take aback baine I want to lie together without clothes on . how many would that be ? ada hold up ten finger a impossibly high number of key . baine nod . ada be surprised ; she do not expect he to agree . ada check again hold up she hand . baine yes , ten key . hesitantly , she start to undress . she lie on she petticoat , have deem the bed too dirty . baine lie , very still on top of she . a scraping sound be hear . sc 76 ext / int baine ' hut day sc 76 flora be outside walk on stick and log try to make sure she never put she foot on the ground . she look over at the house suddenly aware that the piano play have stop again . she investigate the mystery peeping through the various crack and hole in the loosely build hut . her vision be always only part of body , the venture be one of challenge and curiosity . sc 77 ext native pine forest day sc 77 flora and three small Maori child play amongst some native pine . two maori women smoke and chat nearby . the child rub up and down against the tree trunk kissing and hugging they . the game have a edge of promiscuity to it as they exchange trunk and hug one tree as a group . unseen by the child stewart march towards flora . he pull she off the tree . stewart never behave like that , never any where . you be greatly shame and you have shame that trunk . ( tree ) the maori women keep up a unacknowledged chant . maori women what o'clock say Mr Stewart ? - ge tupeka ? ( get tobacco ? ) - time for puff puff . sc 78 ext native pine forestday sc 7 $ with a bucket of dull soapy water flora begin the task of wash the tree trunk . the maori women laugh and point to they foot meaning she to wash they too . they child be lie in they lap play string game . sc 79 ext native pine forestdusk sc 79 flora be still wash the tree trunk silhouett against the evening sky flora be tearful and sorry for herself . the job have a increase futility as it have begin to rain - stewart be inspect she penance . she follow stpwart about the tree . flora ( sulkily ) I know why Mr. baine can not play the piano . stewart you have miss this bit . flora she never give he a turn . stewart stop and look at she . she just play whatever she please , sometimes she do not play at all . stewart continue through the tree more slowly . stewart and when be the next lesson ? flora tomorrow . flora put she bucket on she head to protect herself from the rain . sc 80 ext path to baine ' day sc 8o the next day be very windy , the top of tree be thrash by fierce gust of wind and some smaller branch crash to the ground . ada 's long dress and cape flap uncontrollably . flora 's smaller cape stand out on end . bird fly in mad wind - batter course , swoop up then strangely draw down . sc 81 ext baine ' day sc 81 ada and flora arrive at baine ' place to see the piano emerge from the hut carry by six maori men , one of whom do nothing but walk beside it " plonking " the key . another group of maoris sit cross -legge on the verandah play draught . panicked ada hurry down the hill to the hut . flora follow behind . sc 82 int baine ' hut day sc 82 Inside the hut , hira , the old woman from the bathing spot , be smoking she pipe . ada enter distraught and indicate what she have see . her face be flushed and whipped by the wind . she be much more expressive than normal . baine I be give the piano back to you . I have have enough . the arrangement be make you a whore and I wretch . I want you to care for I , but you can not . baine sit down on a chair and prepare to eat , somewhat ignore ada . ada be confuse not quite believe the situation . she watch baine for some kind of confirmation . hira ( softly ) George , can I use this comb ? baine nod . ada be still watch . hira scrape the inside of she pipe with the comb . baine it 's yours , leave , go on go ! ada be off balanced by the reversal of attitude , surprised too , that she do not want to go . flora be fast to leave , ada follow to organise and protect she piano on the journey . sc 83 ext baine ' hut &amp ; BUSH day sc 83 as she climb out of the small valley surround baine ' hut , she stop and walk back to look down at baine and he hut , in the exact same manner that she once look at she piano from the cliff - top above the beach . baine be throw the scrap of he meal to he dog , he do not look up . sc 84 ext path to baine ' hut steep hill day sc 84 stewart , on he way to baine , see the piano bearer and ada way below he in the bush . he scramble down a steep slope towards they . stewart ( stiffly from some distance ) stop right there ' . this be not yours what be you do with the piano ? the woman exchange look . flora he 's give it to we . stewart ( out of breath ) hah , you be very cun ada , but I have see through you , I be not go to lose the land this way . wait here ! stewart be off , pound on down through the bush . sc 85ext / int baine ' hut / bedroom day sc 85 hira be sit on the front step of baine ' place , block stewart be easy access . hira George sick , he do not wanna see nobody . you get tupeka for the hira ? stewart go around to a side window in baine ' bedroom . baine be sit on the bed , but lie back as he hear stewart come about the side of the house . stewart open up the window . stewart I do not think you should have give up the piano . I will make sure you be properly teach , with music write on to sheet and ... baine I do not want to learn . stewart you do not want to learn . baine no . stewart and what do this do to we bargain ? I can not afford the piano if you mean I to pay . baine no , no payment . I have give it back . I do not want it . stewart well , I doubt I want it very much myself . baine it be more to you wife that I give it . stewart well , thank you , I expect she will appreciate it . he close the window . so that be agree on ? baine nod . hira have wander stiffly into baine ' room . she sit on the edge of he bed . hira you make big mistake George . in first place you should swap land for wife . now look , she go , you no land , no music box , you get nothing . scene 86 deleted sc87 ext / int stewart' hut day sc 87 at the door of the hut stewart be distribute button to the piano bearer . one squat catch they as they fall . a commotion begin as one of the maoris snatch the whole jar and run off . two of they give chase while the other insist on tobacco . 11 see note Inside the hut ada have lift the top of the piano and be peer in while play note to check tune and damage . stewart be it all right ? be not you go to play something ? ada pull up a chair and seat herself at the piano . she rub she hand and place they lightly on the key , she turn from habit over she leave shoulder where stewart wait cross armed . quickly she remove she hand , stand and gesture flora to play . flora proudly take ~p the seat , she pull she lip in try to control she happiness to say in front of both she mother and stewart . flora what will I play ? she look to ada , who look back through she not concentrate . stewart play a gig . flora ( to ada ) do I know any gig ? stewart play a song then flora start a song , ada walk past they out of the hut , stewart ignore she exit move up to lean on the piano . ada be see through the hut window wander amidst the ghostly , blacken trunk . stewart be attention be draw to ada , he interrupt flora be sing with a sudden outburst . stewart ( exasperate ) why will not she play it ? we have it back , and she just wander off ! flora stop to watch she mother through the window . ada look towards the house as the music stop . stewart keep play ! grimly stewart slap the top of the piano to flora 's play . ada continue to walk , she face dark and puzzle . she stop . her head stiffly , irresistibly , lift and turn in the direction baine ' hut . she peer deep into the bush as if attempt to penetrate a puzzle . she think and walk on . sc 88 int stewart' kitchen day sc 88 the next day ada and she piano face each other across the kitchen . a slit of light fall across the piano highlight it 's rosey walnut wood . ada 's expression be critical and distant . take a cloth she begin to clean and polish the piano . her finger hold down one of the key and we glimpse a old inscription on its side , a small heart , and a arrow . put the cloth aside she sit at the piano to begin play . she start with wholehearted feel , she eye close , but before long she be surprised by a move reflection across the piano and she ' start ' , glance over she shoulder . she stop and begin again . but once more a reflex have she glance across she leave shoulder and she pause in she play . disquiete she start again and again she look away . she stop , confuse , unable to go on , unable to getup , one hand on the lid and one on the piano key . sc 89 ext path to baine ' day sc 89 ada carry she cape and bonnet hurry through the narrow bush path to baine ' hut , flora have a fist of she skirt and be pull back . ada turn on flora and snatch the skirt out of the girl 's hand . ada sign to she and continue on . flora why ? why can not I ? ada sign again . flora ( crossing she arm ) I sha not practise and I don't care ! but ada do not wait to listen . flora walk back through the bush mutter childish expletive to herself . stewart and he two maori helper come out of the bush towards she . flora squeal with fright . stewart ( look up the hill ) where 's you mother ? where have she go ? flora pause petulant and grumpy . flora to hell ! flora race off as fast as she can , enliven by she wickedness . stewart clamber back up the path . he just glimpsis the distant figure of ada nervously turn , she skirt fly as she hurry up the bush path the wind bother the top of the tree , set they groan , rub they branch against each other . sc 90 int baine ' hut day sc 90 ada enter baine ' hut , she be breathless 1 announce she presence by simply be there , stand there . baine come through from the bedroom . see ada he be aloof , suspicious and he blink become pronounce . baine so what bring you here ? do you leave something ? I have not find anything . ada do not respond , finally she look at baine and she look have a vulnerability and frankness that take he off guard . do he know something ? ada shake she head . the piano be not harme ? it arrive safely ? would you like to sit ? I be go to sit . ada do not sit . she stand immobilise . baine attempt to maintain he casual charade ) he pour a tea . he turn to she about to speak , but stop unmanned by a new fragility to she strength . he blink rapidly baine ada , I be unhappy because I want you , because my mind have seize on you and think of nothing else . this be how I suffer , I be sick with long . I do not eat , I do not sleep . if you do not want I , if you have come with no feel for I , then go ! baine walk roughly towards the door and open it , he softness turn suddenly cruel . go! go now ! leave ! ada be stung by he change of tune , she take a step towards he and eye fill with tear of anger hit he hard across the face . baine ' nose begin to bleed yet he face slowly light up as if she have speak word of love . ada be flushed , shocked , the two face each other at this very moment of profound awareness of each other , profoundly equal . with each new breath , with every moment that they eye remain lock together the promise of intimacy be confirm and reconfirm and detailed until like sleepwalker who do not know how they come to wake where they do , they be stand next to each other and beginning to kiss each other , the lip , the cheek , the nose . there be nothing practise about they tenderness , only they feeling and emotion guide they instinct . baine ' face crumple with the exquisite pain of he pleasure , ada cradle he head to she chest . baine struggle through she dress anxious to touch she skin . sc 91 ext / int baine ' hut day sc 91 outside stewart survey the hut suspiciously . baine ' dog growl as he climb on to the small verandah . carefully stewart peer through some loosely slatted board . there be sound inside which be worry he . by stand on the seat he have find a spyhole where he can see ada and baine kissing , undress he reel back angry , but just as we might expect he to burst through , he step up to look again ; the fatal second look , the look for curiosity . he watch baine bare - chest undress ada , she button burst , ada laugh , baine touch she under she skirt - anywhere , he take himself under she dress pull down she stocking . stewart watch , step down to peer lower as baine bury into ada 's skirt . he do not seem to notice the dog lick he hand . suddenly he pull he hand away and look at it , wet with dog saliva , he wipe it on the board and continue watch as if mesmerise . sc 92 int baine ' bedroom day sc 92 Inside baine ' small bedroom the raw dark board contrast with the softness , whiteness of baine ' and ada 's body , the long black strand of ada 's hair stick to she cheek and wrap around she neck . her face be flushed and she eye be bright . baine roll he face across she chest , gently , slowly savour the flavour of she body . drunkenly they continue they sex slowly , slowly . ada 's breath turn to low murmur ; this small sound be extraordinarily move to baine whose face swoon with joy . baine what ? what ? whisper .... sc 93 int baine ' bedroom&amp ; under housedaysc 93 as ada dress , baine sit on he bed watch . he be unhappy , thoughtful . baine now you be go I be miserable , why be that ? ( he catch she hand and draw she to hint ) ada I need to know , what will you do ? will you come again ? ada be distract , collect she button from the floor , concerned at the time past , worried to dress and return . the camera crane down and down to find stewart wedge under the loose wooden floor slat . he can not hear clearly , but ada 's hand reach for each button be only inch away . one fall through a slat on to stewart' neck and on down he shirt collar . as she stand he roll out . baine wait ! I do not know what you be think . ( gently , teasingly ) do this mean something to you ? hey ? ( stroke a strand of hair behind she ear ) I already miss you . ada , do you love I ? ada consider this question . clearly she do not know , the question be more complex to she than to he , then as if by way of answer she kiss he strongly and sexually . baine pull away confuse . ada finish dress . baine come up behind she to help with the button . baine ( anxiously ) come tomorrow . if you be serious , come tomorrow . ada turn and kiss he passionately , with the new bear enthusiasm of someone who have just discover they appetite for sex . then as quickly as she begin , she take she hood and cape and go to leave . baine tomorrow ? she nod and be go . sc 94 int stewart' hut ada' bedroomnightsc 94 flora and ada be both in they white nightgown . flora stand behind ada on a chair try to sort out the knot that have matte at the back of ada 's head . ada shake she head from side to side playfully , make the difficult job impossible . flora stay still ! it 's the very worst knot . flora try to hold she mother 's head still but ada 's high spirit be unstoppable and she hair fly out from side to side flick flora in the face . flora mama stop it ! flora start to giggle and retaliate fling she own hair from side to side . the two woman be twirling in the small bedroom they hair fly about they , flora be shriek with the fun , then stop dizzy and sick . ada continue flick flora as she twirl . flora stop it I feel sick ! but ada do not stop , she dark hair whirl about she , as giddy and disorientate , she knock against the wall sc 95 int stewart' hut night sc 95 next door stewart sit on he bed listen , he hair wet and neatly comb . he have a journal of press botanical specimen beside he . hear flora squealing he go to the kitchen and stand back in the shadow , watch ada frenetic , whirling through the part open door . 80 sc 96 int stewart' hut ada' bedroomdawnsc 96 daylight flood the room as ada secure the pin at the back of she hair . sc 97 ext path to baine ' daysc 97 Music build and play throughout . ) the sky be dark and the wind be balloon ada 's cape , wrapping it up high around she . the tree top be sway furiously . Inside the bush it be dark and ada hurry up through the path . she be out or breath and glance behind she as if to guard against follower , when directly in front of she stewart step out onto she path . ada stop short . the look on he face be unlike any expression she have yet see . his eye do not look at she , but all about she in a way more animal than human . she lower she eye and call he bluff walk steadily past he . but stewart take she arm and spin she back , pull she close and blind to all protest kiss she . ada struggle furiously . his grip falter and she step back stare at he , then run off down the hill , but stewart be on top of she clasp she skirt , pull she towards he hand over hand , she slip and fall to the ground . stewart be upon she , lift she dress , touch she leg , ada go quite still , which throw stewart long enough for she to scramble away , yet again stewart catch she and again they roll on the ground , stewart touch and kissing she , ada turn herself this way and that to avoid it . there be a cat and mouse quality to they mute struggle finally break by flora call up the path , distraught and in tear , she angel wing have twisted about she waist . flora ( top of her lung ) mumma ! mumma ! they be play you piano ! stewart allow ada to get up and the two woman go back down the path towards home . the distant sound of the piano key thumping . sc 98 int stewart' hut day sc 98 at the piano and with solemn dignity sit a maori woman . she be wear a top hat and a long black dress , beside she stand the maori who abscond with the button , most of which he have attach to he jacket . she play loudly with two close fist , she companion listen gravely , placidly , blink at the crash , two other listen from the doorway , one with he band over he head . sc 99 int / ext stewart1s hut day sc 99 flora and ada stand in the hut while fierce hammer can be hear outside . stewart be board over the window , barricade they in . flora join in the spirit of be exercise gaily point out any slat stewart have miss . flora here papa ! ada 's face pale in the diminish light . exasperate by the threaten incarceration she shake she head with anguish and move to the piano lift the lid and play several bar brutally and strongly . she pass on to the bedroom , where she pick up the small hand mirror and look at she face pucker with frustration . she touch she face and neck tenderly , then throw herself on the bed , face to the wall , she hand over she ear . flora stand over she mother . flora you should not have go up there , should you ? I do not like it and nor do papa . mama , we can play card together . ada roll over , she eye close she push she face and body against the mattress . the movement be sensual and remove . flora stop deal the card on to the bed and watch she mother puzzle . sc 100int stewart' hut night sc 100 it be night and ada be walk in the dark , ghostly in she white nightgown . she sit at she piano and begin to play loudly and strongly . her hair be loose and she seem half - asleep . flora and stewart wake to the loud play and fumble they way to the kitchen . stewart carry a light candle . ada continue she play flora pass a hand in front of ada 's face . flora she be asleep , look . one night she be find in she nightgown on the road to London . grandpa say she foot be cut and bleed so badly she could not walk for a week . the two watch ada , mesmerise by she compulsive play . 12 see note sc 101ext stream near stewarts'day sc 101 stewart stand guard while ada and flora wash they clothes in the stream . flora be take the lead , soap up the clothes , she pass the garment to she mother to rinse . ada be distract and as she take the clothes , she just as soon let they go and they float off down the stream past stewart who try to catch they but can not . two maori boy continue the chase , enjoy the fun , think it a great adventure . stewart you be let the clothes float off ... they be float off . ada stare off into the distance rock lightly back and forth as she crouch on a stone . her dress unhitch float down the stream behind she . 12 . see note flora mama ! look out ! flora wade across to grasp yet another garment ada have let drift off . sc 102ext stewart' day sc 102 on the way back to the barricade hut flora swing between ada and stewart . flora one , two , three one , two , three ada glance around at the bush . flora beam enjoy a feel of familyness of which she be now the boss . the two woman go ahead into the hut which stewart shut and secure with a beam . sc 103int stewart' hut ada' bedroqomnight sc 103 it be night . ada be toss in the small bed beside flora , she hair wound across she face , she make low moan sound as she push she face and body up against the sleep flora . her movement and moan increase until she wake suddenly sit bolt upright . sc 104int stewart' kitchen &amp ; bedroomnight sc 104 ada walk through the kitchen , small slither of moonlight lighting she path . she walk past the piano into stewart be room who have go to sleep with he candle still alight . ada look , then slowly she hand hover above he before lightly touch he face . his eye open , he look towards ada anxious and surprised , but as ada continue , he reserve break and he be captive to he own sensation . she pull down the sheet and stroke he neck , shoulder , chest , he reach out towards she . stewart ada ! but ada scowl and pull away roughly , stewart lie back anxious not to break the spell and when he be still ada continue to caress he chest . his eye well with tear and he look up into she face like a child after a bad dream , fearful and trust . ada continue like a nurse spread ointment on a wound , tenderly and attentively she stroke down towards he belly . stewart be skin goose bump and be shudder . he put he hand on hers to still it 1 she slide hers out and continue stroking . he look at she pleadingly and childlike , she stop and kiss the soft skin of he belly , stewart groan clutching the mattress . ada seem remove from stewart as if she have a separate curiosity of she own . sc 105int stewart' kitchen day sc 105 next day aunt morag stand circle in stewart be small darken house . flora and ada sit quietly together aunt morag ohhh , it 's so dark , it 's like a dank cave . nessie yes , like a cave . aunt morag ohh no , it make my skin creep ! stewart come into the house with some log , aunt morag follow he across to the fire . aunt morag alisdair , be it because of we play ? have the native aggress you ? she continue follow he to the door . I have to say you have do the wrong thing here , you see you have put the latch on the outside . when you close the door , ( and she dose it ) it will be the macna that lock you in , you see ? with the latch on that side you be quite trap . nessie ( nodd she head in imitation ) ... you be quite trap . aunt morag walk inside and continue to the table where she basket full of clothes and packet of food have be leave . she lift it from the table and begin to spread the cloth . aunt morag we have just come from George bane ' and they have take he over . it be no wonder he be leave , he have get in too deep with the native . they sit on he floor as proud as king , but without a shred of manners . nessie ( in unison ) ... without a shred of manners . nessie and aunt morag be unpack parcel of cake and biscuit on plate put they about the table . aunt morag he be quite alter , as if they have be try some native witchcraft on he . well tomorrow or the day after he will be go . stewart baine be pack up ? aunt morag well he have nothing to pack , but he be leave . and it be just as well ; nessie have foolishly grow a affection for he ... we have have some tear at this mention nessle 's face crumple and tear again begin to flow . aunt morag ( very firmly ) stop it ! stop ! nessie remarkably obey , blink she face back to shape . ada attempt to disguise she agitation , she move to the piano and stroke it , she begin to play . I be quite frighten of the way back , we must leave in good light . will we be safe ? stewart ( want they go ) if you leave soon , yes , I be sure of it . stewart and morag watch ada at the piano . her play develop until she be fully absorb . aunt morag be intrigue despite herself sc 106ext busy road to missionday sc 106 on the edge of the bush beside the dirt road to town aunt morag attempt a discrete toilet stop . nessie keep guard hold up the cape while one of they maori charge hold up another . aunt morag you know I be think of the piano . she do not play the piano as we do nessie . the cape begin to droop as nessie listen . up ! up ! no she be a strange creature and she say be strange like a mood that pass into you . you can not teach that nessie , one may like to learn but that could not be teach . nessie again let the cape droop . up ! you play be plain and true and that be what I like . to have a sound creep inside you be not all pleasant a flutter sound in the bush . what be that ? nessie ( frighten ) ohhhhhh ! mary / heni ( slow , relaxed ) a pid-geon auntie . the party finish and hurry a little spook on the road to town . sc 107int stewart' room night sc 107 it be night . ada enter the room , stewart look at she shyly . stewart I have be hope you would come . ada stroke he brow . stewart close he eye , breathe heavily relieved . ada stroke the nape of he neck and on down he back . stewart be face pucker , he eye fill with tear . she stroke so softly , the tenderness be shocking to he . gently she pull he under - garment down , expose he buttock . stewart grab nervously at they , haul they up with he hand . ada unclench he fist and once more , slowly pull they down . she begin to stroke he buttock , stewart be painfully eroticise , painfully vulnerable , he begin to weep , the intimacy and soft - ness unman he and he be helpless . stewart sit up hunching over himself , retreate stewart I want to touch you why can not I touch you ? do you like I ? slowly he raise he head to look at ada . she look back move by he helplessness , but distance as if it have nothing to do with she . do you ? ada do not respond . stewart slump into disappointment and despair . why ? why not ?! sc 108int stewart' kitchen day sc 108 the next morning , ada , flora and stewart sit together in the small dark hut . flora preens a miniature landscape of moss and tiny branch all pile on a dinner plate . a slit of sunlight fall across the top small branch give it a magical glow . flora 's small dirty finger push in another ' tree ' , she look up happily flora this be go to be Adam 's tree and then I be go to make a serpent to live here , with a very long tongue . ( she poke she tongue out and waggle it ) . stewart read , he glance at ada who be glum and lifeless . sc 109int stewart' hut day sc 109 ada and flora wake to sunlight stream in on they face , more and more of it as stewart rip the board from the window flora run about in nightgown and boot happy to be in the sunlight . ada wind she hair into a bun . stewart walk inside , he pack food and fencing equipment stewart ( clear he throat ) we must both get on . I have decide to trust you to stay here . you will not see baine ? ( ada nod ) good , good . perhaps with more try you will come to like I ? sc 110ext stewart' day sc 110 ada hang out wash restlessly scan the bushline . a tiny stewart walk along the crest of the hill , eventually drop out of sight . sc 111int stewart' hut day sc 111 Inside the hut ada be pace , anguish and frustrated . impulsively she pick up a knife from the kitchen table , open the back of the piano and cut one of the key loose . carefully she engrave on the side in victorian handscript . dear GEORGE , you have my heart . ada mcgrath . sc 112ext stewart' day sc 112 under the sheet flora have construct a doll ' clothes line on which she hang small strip of cloth ada hand she the key wrap and tie in white cotton . ada sign . her black shadow behind the sheet recall the macabre play . no ! the little girl continue defiantly with she miniature wash . ada rip the wash line up and fling it aside . flora be shocked , stunne . she take the key and walk off she turn and shout . flora we be not suppose to visit he ' . ada signal go ! sc 113ext path to baine ' at fencedaysc 113 at the junction of the path to baine ' hut be the beginning of stewart be boundary fence . at this place flora have pause . she look back to see if she mother be watch ; she 's not - flora turn sharply right so that she now follow alongside stewart' boundary fence and - away from baine ' hut . sc 114ext hill with fence day sc 114 the fence appear and disappear behind hill . flora too dip behind the hill to reappear on the other side . she sing a brisk song to herself . flora the grand old Duke of York . he have ten thousand man etc . sc 115ext valley with foxglove &amp ; fencedaysc 115 she pause in one of the valley , stifle by clump or tall , mauve foxglove . sc 116ext complete fence on hillday sc 116 the fence line seem endless as the tired flow4 trudge up yet another hill but from there , she can see where the fence finish , half way up the crest of the next hill and at this point be stewart , drive in a new fence post . he be watch by mana and he friend who squat pass a pipe between themselves . mana strum tirelessly on he button . flora mumma want I to give this to Mr. baine . she hold out the cotton cover piano key . stewart look up . I think maybe it be not a proper thing to do . stewart keep work , hammer the post into the earth . shall I open it ? stewart no !! he stop and take the key , suspicious and uncomfortable . he slowly unwrap it and turn it over read it . squeeze the key in he fist , stewart stagger off in a daze , he return , pick up he open pack spilling the nail . finally he drop the pack and the key ) and leave with only he axe . flora follow confuse . the maoris waste no time investigate the booty . mana press the piano key repeatedly . mana knare e wainta ! kaare e wajata ! ( no sing , no sing ) sc 117ext stewart' day sc 117 the sky be dark and rain be fall heavily as stewart stride fast towards the hut , he axe swinging in he hand . flora be far behind he , she angelwing sodden . sc 118int stewart' hut day sc 118 stewart burst into the hut , he wet hair be splatter against he forehead . he face be white . ada look up from she book , move she hand from the table . stewart swing he axe hard . it slice into the table , split a section off she book . ada push she chair back . stewart ( exasperate ) why ? why ? I trust you ! he pull the axe out of the table and swing it at the piano . why ? ada run forward to restrain he , but it sink deep into the wood . the strike piano let ont a strange resonant moan . I trust you , do you hear ? I trust you . I could love you . he take she by the wrist . why do you do this ? why do you make I hurt you ? do you bear ? why have you do it ? we could be happy stewart shake she violently . you have make I angry . speak !! sc 119ext stewart' hut &amp ; woodchopday sc 119 he pull she out of the hut , past the now terrify flora . you shall answer for this . speak or not you shall answer for it ! he drag she out through the mud , towards the wood chop . it be raining hard . ada see where they be head and suddenly she be very scared . she buck and struggle , but stewart be infinitely stronger . at the wood chop she break free and crawl away through the woodchip and mud . but axe in hand he grasp she by the neck of she dregs , then she hair , and pull she backwards towards the cut block . there , he take she right hand and hold it in place with he boot , so that only ada 's index finger show , ada 's head be hold twisted between the wood chop and stewart be leg . stewart ( anguish ) do you love he ? do you ?! be it he you love ? ada blink rigid with fear . the rain be drive down . flora no , she say noooooo !!! the axe fall . ada 's face buckle in pain . blood squirt onto flora 's white pinafore , she angel wing be splatter in mud . flora ( scream ) mother !! ada stand . she look faint , she finger be pulsing blood , she shake she hand then see the blood she put it behind she back shocked . she watch flora , concerned and confuse . uncontrollably she whole body start to shake and as if by reflex ada begin to walk . flora trot parallel to she . flora mama ! ada keep walk blindly like she be depend on it . her face be ashen , she eye fearful as she walk unseeingly straight into a large tree stump . she sink into the mud . stewart wrap the finger in a white handkerchief and give it to flora who back away from he terrify . flora ( quietly ) mama . stewart take this to baine . tell he if he ever try to see she again I will take off another and another and another ! the figure seem tiny amidst the rain drench skeleton forest . scene 12o deleted * sc 121ext maori PA day sc 121 the formal farewell be over and hira and baine finish shaking hand and press nose with she people . hira hold he arm , she be sad and tearful . he place he hat on she head affectionately and slip she a much appreciate tin of tobacco . a soft rain begin to fall . baine and hira make they way past the meeting House and the low sleep house to the pa entrance where he horse wait , hira I worry for we peini . pakeha cun like wind , knock you over , yet you not see it . some they say , how can pakeha get we land if we will not sell it ? " a crowd of child run beside they , dog scurry off and pig be kick out of the way , they owner protest loudly . some hold mat over they head to protect themselves from the rain , one have a batter umbrella . hira they wrong peini . we need gun to hold it . baine mount he heavily laden horse . mana push forward to say he farewell , but be abruptly shove aside , evidently unpopular with the other . baine glance over and see the piano key the man have fashioned into a earring . hira ( angrily ) I worried feini . what 's gonna happen you , you go home , but where we go ? we get nowhere to go . hira 's voice rise as baine let go of she arm and ride through the group towards mana . he take the piano key in he hand , mana pull back . mana ( in macit ) it be mine . I find it . baine turn it over and find the write on it . baine ( urgently ) homni ' ci au . ( I want this . ) subtitled mana ( sulky ) ncrr ! naaku . it 's mine . I find it baine he aha to hiahia ? ask for it ? tobacco ? ( what do you want ? ) subtitled hira ( still angry ) gun , ask for he gun ! maya rub he nail up and down he button while he consider what he will have . other - nga rarahe ( the glass ) - wana putu - Te whitiki , gettem ehoal ( the belt ) unsubtitled sc 122ext maori PA day sc 122 outside the pa wall near the kumera garden , hira hold baine ' saddle bag . it be raining hard as he ride out , hatless , shoeless and gunless , but clutching to he chest ada 's engrave key . hira go peini ... haere atu e peini . baine I will be back . sc 123ext school day sc 123 baine cross through the pony paddock of the one room colonial school hall , school house . he have a piece off flax knotted around he waist to bold up he trousers . in the paddock be five very shabby look ride ' . one huge old wagon horse , build to carry a whole family , down to a tiny sour look Shetland . the girl have long , stain , once white pinafore and everyone wear boot that seem too big , except the little boy who have the front cut off he hoot so he toe can hang out . four little girl play a sedate game of skip rope , use a bush vine . baine watch , notice in particular a little girl of about 9 with a bock . the boy and some of the wilder girl play bullrush . note scene 123 replace scene 124 and 125 delete scene 124 and 125 sc 126ext gentle strekm day sc 126 the girl with the book go off sit by a little stream . baine follow and sit beside she . baine can you read ? the little girl immediately close the book and walk off . the girl keep walk , before she turn about to watch he from a safe distance . another little girl drop down from a tree . tree girl I can . baine you can read ? ( she be very small . ) tree girl yes ... lot of thing . the skip group of girl join they . big sister she can not read , she 's my sister , I ought to know . be that sweet ? tree girl I can read ! big sister she can not . baine hold out the packet to the little girl . do not give she one . baine do anyway . big sister she can not read . the little girl throw the lolly paper away , which one of the other girl pick up and sniff , she hand it to the other . mmm caramel baine can you read ? he hold out the piano key big sister take it with great authority , she friend crowd behind she . she frown at the write . she turn it over . big sister running write , we have not do that yet . reading girl myrtle can read it , she mother teach she . the key be snatch from big sister and give to myrtle , the girl with the book . the other crowd around . myrtle ( frown ) D e a be G e of be g e the child look over at baine to see if this be right so far . you ( in unison ) ... have big sister that 's " my " . myrtle its not a m big sister yes it be . myrtle &amp ; big sister dear - George - you - have - my myrtle heart ? ( she pull a face as if it do not make sense ) ada mcgrath . big sister it do not make sense . the little girl read it again together . myrtle turn the key over matter of factly to see if there be more write . myrtle that 's all they all look up at he . baine say it again , just you . everyone turn and listen to myrtle myrtle dear George you have my heart , ada mcgrath . she give a little " be that all ? " gesture . baine you say it . ( he point to big sister , who have a crazy deep voice . ) big sister dear George you have my heart , ada mcgrath . another little girl spontaneously recite the message . and so do another . through all this baine keep he bead down shaking it in disbelief and shy happiness . he start to laugh with relief and pleasure . the little girl think it be something funny in the line and continue to repeat it , which each then appear to give baine fresh pleasure . meanwhile the smallest of the girl be quietly help herself to the sweet . scene 127 deleted scene 128 deleted sc 129ext baine '' dusk sc 129 baint ride up to he house in the evening light he be silly with happiness . hira come run out to meet he hira peini , peini , liddle gel . I see she come up here , scream , scream . blood on she . look bad ... very bad baine jump off he horse and stride into he hut . sc 130int baine ' hut dusk sc 130 Inside he find flora crouching in a corner , she face be white , tear stain and splatter with mud . her angel wing be squash behind she and blood stain . on see baine she cry with renew pain and relief baine what have happen ? hush , hush , what be it ? flora thrust the wrap finger at baine . he take the blood soak object and unwrap it . the finger unravel into he hand , he reel back groan , choke about to be sick . flora ( yell ) he say you be not to see she or he will chop she up ! baine ( angry , horrify ) what happen ? but flora can not speak . she burst into loud sob . baine kneel in front of she shaking she . tell I ! tell I ! baine stop shaking she , she scramble away and out the door . baine chase after she . sc 131ext baine dusk sc 131 flora scream as he catch she . baine quiet down ! shhh ! where be she ? flora ( whimper ) he chop it off baine Jesus ! I will kill he ! I will kill he . what do she tell he ? ( shaking she ) what ? hira put she down peirn she be liddle . hira take the quivering flora in she arm . there girl . there baine notice the blood on flora be dress , he touch it , she shy away . sc 132ext steward hut night sc 132 stewart walk outside he hut disconsolate . sc 133int stewart' hut night sc 133 stewart enter ada 's room with a lamp . he put it down beside she on the table . he study she pale face and dry lip . ada 's eye flicker open . stewart ( speak to he foot ) I lose my temper . I be sorry . stewart look at ada . stewart you break my trust , you push I hard , to hard . ( he sigh ) you can not send love to he you can not do it . even to think on it make I angry , very angry ada open she eye and look at stewart . it be evident she hear nothing and have understand nothing , she be struggle with pain . her face grimace and she groan . stewart I mean to love you . I clipped you wing , that be all . stewart sing two line of a English love ballad to ada . stewart we shall be together , you will see it will be better ... her forehead be damp with fever . she thrashes at the blanket . stewart pull they off to cool she . he feel she brow . stewart ( whisper ) ... my love bird . her nightgown be damp with sweat and cling to she body . stewart reach out to adjust she gown , he hand touch she leg and he hold it there , feel a tingle of pleasure , that grow and build the longer he hand remain . stewart ohhhhh my love his hand begin to move further and further up she leg , nudging the nightgown higher and higher . he look at she face . she be close - eye , unconscious . stewart be face crinkle into a pain expression and all he control melt into a drive to hold and extend this moment . he bring he mouth to she leg and begin to kiss she knee , she thigh . a new think occur to he , a terrible think , but as he have phrase the think to himself , he cannot resist it . he glance at she face still fevere and unconscious . quietly , stealthily , he begin to undo he belt buckle . he bend across she to gently separate she leg . as he move he body over she , he look towards she and to he shame and horror she be look directly back at he , she eye perfectly on he , perfectly focus . quietly stewart move back and pull down she gown , all the time keep he eye on she . stewart you be feel better ? ada 's lip move slightly and stewart turn suddenly as if he have hear something . slowly he turn back to ada . stewart look at ada intently , move closer to she bed , closer to ada he eye lock on hers . stewart what ...? the sound of he own voice make he blink . he watch she as if listen to she speak in a voice that be so faint , and distant , that only with great concentration and perseverance can he make it out . as he watch she he face transform ; he eye fill , he lip soften and he eyebrow take on the exact expression of she own . the kerosene lamp burn fitfully , flutter a light pulse across they face . stewart move closer to ada . outside a wind bang the iron roof and rub branch against each other make a high - pitch see-saw sound . he lean closer still . sc 134ext stewart night sc 134 stewart carry a candle in a glass box make he way through ghostly tree stump . in he other arm he have he gun . sc 135ext / int baine ' night sc 135 at baine ' hut stewart step over the curl figure of hira sleep on the verandah and walk through the hut towards the bedroom where a light candle flicker . sc 136int baine ' bedroomnight sc 136 in the bed lie flora wrap in a blanket with baine beside she , axe in hand , both fast asleep . stewart nudge baine awake with the butt of he rifle prodding he under the chin . baine wake rudely with a start , freeze by the sight of stewart and he rifle . stewart put that away , on the floor . baine obey , careful not to disturb the sleep child . stewart sit near the bed on a box , rest he gun across he knee , he face be glow , he look closely at baine , examine he . stewart I look at you , at you face . I have have that face in my head hat it . but now I be here see it ... it 's nothing , you blink , you have you mark , you look at I through you eye , yes . you be even scared of I stewart laugh . stewart look at you ! baine watch he stiffly , disconcert , unable to read stewart be strange mood . stewart stare back at he . stewart ( softly ) have ada ever speak to you ? baine you mean in sign ? stewart no , word . you have never hear word ? baine no , not word . stewart nod . stewart never think you hear word ? baine shake he head . stewart ( slowly ) she have speak to I . I hear she voice . there be no sound , but I beard it here ( he press he forehead with a palm of he hand ) . her voice be there in my head . I watch she lip , they do not make the word , yet the harder I listen the clearer I hear she , as clear as I hear you , as dear as I hear my own voice . baine ( try to understand ) speak word ? stewart no , but she word be in my head . ( he look at baine and pause ) I know what you think , that it 's a trick , that I be make it up . no , the word I hear , be she word . baine ( suspiciously ) what be they ? stewart look up at the ceiling as if recite something he have learn by heart and mean to repeat exactly as he hear it . stewart she say , " I have to go , let I go , let baine take I away , let he try and save I . I be frighten of my will , of what it might do it be so strange and strong " . baine recover himself eye stewart angrily . baine you punish she wrongly , it be I , my fault . stewart do not answer . finally be look up , he eye full with tear . stewart understand I . I be here for she , for she I wonder that I do not wake , that I be not asleep to be here talk with you . I love she . but what be the use ? she do not care for I . I wish she go . I wish you go . I want to wake and find it be a dream , that be what I want . I want to believe I be not this man . I want my self back ; the one I know . flora move and turn in she sleep . the two man watch . her brow frown then smoothes . her eyelid roll as she eye dart back and forth in dream . sc 137ext stream near baines'day sc 137 hira wash out the mud from flora 's dress and angel wing in a bush stream . sc 138int / ext stewart' day sc 138 ada 's trunk be deliver outside stewart be hut by aunt morag and she girl . ada be lead from stewart be hut by nessie . she wear a black dress and she arm be tie in a white sling . the light outside make she blink . nessie smoothes she hair behind she shoulder . flora timidly peep at she mother from behind baine . sc 139ext BUSH on way to beachday sc 139 the piano be carry on ahead while in the secrecy of the bush baine kiss ada passionately . she look back at he worried . sc 140 ext stewart' htjt day sc 140 stewart be fencing he new land . suddenly be look off in to the far distance . sc 141ext beach day sc 141 on the beach ada sit look out to sea while flora plait she hair in one thick braid behind she back . she place the bonnet carefully on top at the sea edge in front of they the piano be be load on the canoe . sc 142ext beach day sc 142 hira and baine be next to each other by the canoe . hira be look at ada , hira I worry for you . baine no , I love she , we will be a family . I have she piano . I will mend it , she will get better . hira I miss you . sc 143ext at sea / beach day sc 143 the sea be choppy and the piano be difficult to steady in the canoe . baine help the rigging of the piano , thick rope end coil under the woman 's foot . hira be leave on the shore with one child and two other maori people . tear run openly down she big sad face as she sing she farewell to baine . hira he rimu teretere koc ete . peini eeeii , tere ' ci tawhiti ' ci paniamao eeeii he waka teretere he waka teretere . ko koe ka tere ' ci tua whakuere eeeii . you be like seaweed drift in the sea baine . drift far away , drift far beyond the horizon a canoe glide hither , a canoe glide thither but you though will journey on and eventually be beyond the veil ~ ) unsubtitled ( by selwyn mum ) maroi oarsmen tarinaharawa - alanel tahuri be . ( it 's too heavy - the canoe will tip over . ) subtitled baine keite pail kaare e titahataha aria . ( it 's all right ! look it 's nicely balanced . ) subtitled another oarsman ( shrugge ) te-hau - jua- kahake the pupuhi . ( the wind be already strong . ) another oarsman leave it - its too heavy . baine no , she need it , she must have it . scene 144 be now combined with scene 143 scene 144 deleted sc 145ext at sea / beachday sc 145 the canoe have paddle away from the shore . flora lean over the edge of the canoe , she mouth open , she hair hold back by baine . flora I can not baine rub she back . flora straighten up . I can not . they retake they seat , flora 's back to the piano , while baine sit next to ada . he tenderly take she good hand . ada remove hers and sign to flora who look at she mother then baine amaze . baine what do she say ? flora ( puzzle ) she say , throw the piano overboard . baine ( to ada ) it 's quite safe , they be manage ... ada sign again . baine ( cautiously ) what ? flora she say , throw it overboard . she do not want it . she say it 's spoiled baine I have the key here , look , I will have it mend ... ada mime directly to baine , " push it over " . her determination be increase . maori oarsman ae! peja. turakina ' . bushit ? peja the kawheha kite moana . ( yeah she 's right push it over , push the coffin in the water . ) subtitled baine ( softly , urgently ) please , ada , you will regret it . it 's you piano , I want you to have it . but ada do not listen , she be adamant and begin to untie the rope . flora ( panic ) she do not want it ! the canoe be unbalance as ada struggle with the rope . baine all right . sit down , sit down . ada sit , pleased . her eye glow and she face be now alive . baine speak to the maoris who stop paddle and together they loosen the rope secure the piano to the canoe . as they maneuver the piano to the edge ada jock into the water . she put she hand into the sea and move it back and forth . the piano be carefully lower and with a heave topple over . as the piano splashes into the sea , the loose rope speed they way after it . ada watch they snake past she foot and then out of a fatal curiosity , odd and undiscipline , she step into a loop . the rope tighten and grip she foot so that she be snatch into the sea , and pull by the piano down through the cold water . sc 146int sea near beach day sc 146 bubbles tumble from she mouth . down she fall , on and on . she eye be open , she clothes twist about she . the maoris diving after she cannot reach she in this depth . ada begin to struggle . she kick at the rope , but it hold tight around she boot . she kick hard again and then with she other foot , lever herself free from she shoe . the piano and she shoe continue they fall while ada float above , suspend in the deep water , then suddenly she body awake and fight , struggle upwards to the surface . sc 147 ext at sea beach day sc 147 as ada break the surface she voice over begin : ada ( voice over ) what a death ! what a chance ! what a surprise ! my will have choose life !? still it have have I spook and many other besides ! ada cough and spluttering be pull on to the canoe . she be wrap in jacket and blanket . sc 148int sea near beach day sc 148 underwater we see the canoe bottom , its oar dip the surface sc 149int ada' nelson drawing room dusk sc 149 ada ( voice over ) I teach piano now in Nelson . George have fashioned I a metal finger tip , I be quite the town freak which satisfy ! I be learn to speak . my sound be still so bad I be ashamed . I practice only when I be alone and it be dark . ada 's hand move across the piano key , she metal finger shine in the dull light . dissolve to : sc 150int ada' nelson drawing room night sc 150 ada pace up and down the small draw room . there be no light on only a dim blue evening wash . over she head she have a dark cloth , she voice make low guttural sound as it repeat the vowel . dissolve to : sc 151int sea bed near beach day sc 151 ada ( voice over ) at night ! I think of my piano in its ocean grave , and sometimes of myself float above it . down there everything be so still and silent that it lull I to sleep . it be a weird lullaby and so it be ; it be mine . ada 's piano on the seab , its lid fall away . above float ada , she hair and arm stretch out in a gesture of surrender , she body slowly turn on the end of the rope . the seaweed 's rust coloured frond reach out to touch she . there be a silence where hath be no SOUND there be a silence where no SOUND may be in the cold grave , under the deep deep sea . ( Hood ) note and extra dialogue 1 . sc 10 seaman' discussion the wind and the low manner of they speak make it impossible to hear the exact nature of the discussion . -' tis a dead shore , a dead shore - leave she here , it 's what she want . - a pox on you ! - ay very nice , leave she and be lynched for the pleasure . - do what you like , I be off this shore etc . 2 . sc 12 art department note ada 's finger be see inside the dark crate sounding a few note 3 . sc 15 translation note ( i ) with the maori language dialogue of baine and the maori people , the general scheme be that only when necessary to sense or humour will subtitle translation be give . however for the benfit of its reader this script will translate everything note what will and will not be subtitle . ( ii ) extra maori dialogue sc 15 awe ! ( what wag that ? ) - he kehua ? ( be it a ghost ) unsubtitled ( iii ) many of the maoris have cough , run nose and sore . ( they have no immunity to european disease . ) ( iv ) maori name men tntame vitohotu honepara tipikahu ( boy ) women taiani 4 . sc 19 ( i ) background dialogue for beginning of scene he ahu the rarurarti ( what happen ? ) subtitled I konei tonu , ka moe the koroua nei . ( he just decide to go to sleep ) subtitled ( ii ) background dialogue for end of scene taiho . kei muri pea inga rakan nei . auc ! tino matatoru konei . I haere ake ano a ki runga . ( hold on maybe behind this clump . gee the undergrowth be thick here . I will come up again . ) unsubtitled kahore not huarahi - kahorene tutae . ( no track , no shit ) unsubtitled 5 . sc 29 ada 's piano piece duration approximately 90 see . 6 . sc 30 duet 20 - 30 see 7 . sc 33flora 's sing 20 see 8 . sc 34heni / mary phrasing of National anthem heni /mary get safe ah gayshy quin Long hf a gayshy quin oat shayf a quin shendab wikitoria har - py en a clohria Long to rain ourush get safe ah quin 9 . sc 37 translation note : who be it that rumble within ? be it ruaumoko , be it ruaurnoko ? jab , smash , jab , smash jab , smash , jab , smash the taniwha , the taniwba . that be within ... he! unsubtitled 10 . sc 65 the mud around the School Hall be so deep that a labyrinth of plank be setup to avoid it . 11 . sc 87 extra dialogue maori piano carrier tahi patene ruapuri patene tekan patene ornatekau pwari patene ( one button , two bloody button . ten button , twenty bloody button . ) ' cia whai tarau ano rarr monga patene ! ( we need pants for the button eh ! ) he patene the kai , he patene the kai a popo ka tiko patene ahan patene mar nga tangata katoa . ( button for food , button for food . button for everybody . by tomorrow I will be shitting button . ) 12 . sc 100 approximately 60 sec. of ada 's piano play .