dark angel Pilot by James cameron and Charles H. eglee second draft October 18 , 1999 fade in : ext . mountain - night a full moon rise over a white blankete expanse of meadow freshly dust with powder . in the distance , a dark wall of pine rise into the crisp , blue-black night . the landscape be serene , tranquil , need only airborne reindeer to elevate it to Christmas card status . suddenly a young girl , eight or nine year old , race into frame , long lens stack , run for all she 's worth . her hair be close - cropped , a military buzz . she wear only a nightgown , no shoe . her bare foot blast through the snow as young max power across the open meadow . a sungun xenon spotlight move across the ground like a death ray , search leave and right among the tree . angle on a snow cover meadow as the xenon beam sweep the tree nearby . it pass on and the sound of the chopper fade . out of the treeline burst the run figure . long lens , whip panning with Max as she run . hear the sound of she breathe , deep and regular , like a horse . she run like a machine , no stumbling , no waste motion . her breath trail behind she in the frigid mountain air . closer now , we see she nightgown be actually a hospital gown . max ( v.o. ) the escape be not my idea . I mean , escape to what ? we do not know there be anything else . Max reach the treeline just as the xenon spot sweep over again . it slashes bright light through the branch , then move away . she look up , take deep , control breath , then run . ext . mountain , nearby - night a pack of snowmobile be slashing through the tree , they engine whining , ride by black - clad soldier wear nightvision goggle and carry rifle . ext . snowscape - night Max run through a thicket of tree into a clear . behind log and tree trunk , several other child be conceal . she join they wordlessly , exchange hand signal with the oldest boy , zack . there be eight of they , all about Max 's age , except for two older boy . they have the same severe haircut . like Max , they be not dress for the cold but they do not seem affect by it . we may notice that they all have a curious look mark on the back of they neck ... a bar-code . another child make it to the rally point ... a girl , jondy . she join Max and they clasp hand . the child look across the meadow , hope to see more come , but jondy be the last . they hear distant pop of gunfire . the sound of the snowmobile grow steadily louder . Zack point at he wrist , a imaginary watch , and make a slashing sigh with he hand . out of time . with vigorous hand signal he separate the child into escape- and - evade team , two to a team . Max and jondy be pair . the child 's manner be clipped , military and much older than they year . max ( v.o. ) it be Zack who say we have to leave . so I guess he save my life ... and I never even get the chance to thank he . the kid nod perfunctorily to Zack and head off , run through the tree in they team of two . Max indicate she do not want to leave Zack alone but he reiterate the order with sharp hand signal . finally , jondy pull Max by the arm , leave Zack , who scan the forest with bright , feral eye . ext . build - night Black -clad guard drag a struggle child who 's be recapture toward a impose building , some sort of research facility . somewhere a alarm wail . a figure , silhouett by the light of a approach humvee . the man raise a walkie with one hand , keep the other bury in he pocket . Security chief donald lydecker , 30 , scan the dark forest as he speak into the walkie . lydecker this be lydecker . I want you to capture if you can . but if any of they make it to the perimeter , you be to terminate . be that understand ? voice ( on radio ) confirm , Sir , you be give a order ten-oh-six . though it be more question than confirmation . lydecker I will take responsibility . if they reach the outer fence ... shoot to kill . lydecker jump into the humvee as it pull up next to he . they roar off into the wood . ext . wood - night Max and jondy sprint through the tree . they reach a chainlink fence top with barber wire . jondy climb a nearby tree , run out along a limb . she leap out into space , plant she hand on the top row of the wire and do a gymnast 's vault over it , into a perfect dismount in the snow . Max follow . angle through nightvision scope ... the thermal signature of the two girl at the fence look like luminous ghost in a green landscape . tight on a trooper , scope to he eye , move he finger to the trigger of he rifle . wham ! he be tackle from the side by a blur shape . he hit the ground and struggle to raise the weapon ... seem to go into slow motion as -- whap ! Zack knock the weapon cartwheel out of he hand with a sweeping roundhouse kick , then swing a hunk of break branch like a louisville slugger . the trooper drop and stay down . at the fence Max land in a snowdrift on the far side , then spin around in a crouch as headlight hit she . for a split second she pupil flash with a green glow like a cat 's eye . through the chainlink fence she see black figure surround Zack , silhouett by the headlight of arrive snowmobile . in slow motion one of the trooper fire a tazer at Zack . move in real time ( and thus much faster than the scene around he , which remain in slo - mo ) Zack duck the fly tazer dart . it embed in a soldier behind he who be jump - start by the 150,000 volt . Zack smashes the tazer - fire guy with the log and leap toward another when -- five trooper fire tazer simultaneously and -- Zack duck and spin , dodging , but -- one of the dart connect and he light up , convulse as -- two more trooper run up and fire at close range and -- Zack go down , make spasmodic snow angel . Max stare in horror as Zack be set upon by the human wolf . jondy grab she and yank she away . they sprint across a clear and over a freeze pond toward the shelter wood beyond . the xenon searchlight rake the tree near they . we hear snowmobile converge . Max , trail jondy by a few foot , drop suddenly as the ice beneath she give way . jondy go back to pull she out , lie on the ice and reach out . Max grab jondy 's hand , but as she pull herself up out of the hole , the edge break away and Max fall back . jondy look up at the sound of snowmobile , and the xenon spotlight rake through the wood toward they . max go on ... go ! jondy no . we stick together . max go , jondy . I will find you . with that , Max take a big gulp of air and disappear under the water . jondy Max ... but she 's go . jondy look up to see soldier run toward the fence . some of they kneel , raise they rifle . jondy sprint for the wood . the xenon spotlight find she . kapow ! pow ! pow ! snow explode around she as the bullet whiz by . she make the treeline as bark be blast off the tree next to she . jondy run on , into the black wood . Humvees smash through the fence , follow by snowmobile and run man . one of the Humvees stop next to the pond , lydecker jump out . he be meet by a lieutenant . lieutenant we have get seven so far ... three wounded , two kill . and my man be take a helluva beat . lydecker just get they , Lieutenant . it 's you ass if one of they make it to the outside . lieutenant realistically , Sir , it 's ten degree out here . how far can this kid get ? lydecker find they . lydecker light a cigarette , hold it in one bare hand . the hand which flick the lighter be sheathed in a tight black leather glove . he get into the humvee and go . push in on the ice where lydecker have be stand . back -lit by the eerie , blue-green glow of the sungun refracted through the water we see -- max underwater , she face press against the ice look upward , very much alive , eye wide with fear -- dissolve to : the same pair of eye pull back to find Max , now a girl of eighteen . her brown eye be pierce , she dark hair alive in the wind frame she beautiful face . max ( v.o. ) sometimes it seem like it happen to someone else . like maybe it be a story I hear ... the hardest part be not know ... if any of they make it . if I know for sure I be the only one leave , it would be worse . at least now I can make up life for they ... like maybe jondy 's a fashion photographer ... or a architect . the truth be they would just be like I ... live on the run , always look over you shoulder . as we continue pulling back we see that she be seat atop one tower of the Golden Gate Bridge , the city of San Francisco glimmer in the background . how she get up there , we have no clue . max ( v.o. ) hope be for loser . it 's a con job people trip behind until they finally get a grip on the cold hard truth ... but still I ...hope they be out there , somewhere ... some of they . and that they be okay . off max stare into the night . smash CUT to : MAIN title int . max's crib - day ( day one ) extreme close up on max , present day , she eye shut tight , flinching from the inner concussion of -- flash cut grainy , black and white image see in extreme close up , with a almost abstract expressionist quality : a line of child , head shaven , salute . small foot in boot march in unison . there be only a roaring , rush sound , and a kind of word - babble of distort , amplify command ... PA speaker , megaphone . max in the present , hug herself and tremble as the image play through she head . flash cut ... Young Max on a treadmill , wire and tape up with every kind of sense device and electrode , a tube tape in she mouth , run with intense concentration . tight on a pupil scan by a laser . electrode be attach to a scalp . a needle rise against a surgical light . tight cut of abstract figure in medical smock ... no face . a instructor stand against a large screen , gesture with a pointer to a tactical diagram make up of organize box and acronym . tracking along bright young face , take it in . tight on graphic : duty , discipline , teamwork . long lens stack of kid march in row in a tile hallway , wear grey pajama-like fatigue , the bar-code tattoo on the back of they neck visible as they strut past . stack of kid do push-up . kid punch in unison in a martial drill . Young Max and another girl in fierce hand - to-hand combat training . Max 's face be a mask of ferocity as she attack . she punch hard and -- bang ! a bathroom mirror slam shut . int . bathroom - day Max , in color and present day , look at herself , then glance down at she hand , which be shaking with a tremor . she clenches it into a fist and then bend to splash cold water on she face . she uncap some pill , pop two in she mouth . girl voice ( o.c . ) it suck . max what suck ? as she start brush she tooth . wide , show Max 's apartment and she roommate , kendra , who be wear a long T-shirt and a hungover look , sip coffee . we see that the apartment be a unfinish building , a luxury high - rise in the make until the day construction simply stop . the wall be tape drywall , spray - paint with colorful undulate graffiti by somebody 's old boyfriend . this be where Max and kendra have be crash for the last several month . dominate the room be Max 's baby ... she bike : a ugly but fast messenger bicycle ... and a much faster rice- burner motorcycle with a race faring . kendra I come home , it 's three a.m. , you be still out . I feel like I get hit by a cement truck and you be up for a hour bounce around . that by definition suck . Max swishes some bottled water and spit , wiping she mouth with the back of she hand . max I make you coffee . that oughta help you cope with the injustice of the world a little . kendra thanks , it 's start to kick in . ( another sip ) I feel almost human . max yeah , I too . she study herself in the mirror , she expression enigmatic . max almost . CUT to : int . corridor - day Max wheel she bike out of the apartment which have no door , only a piece of plywood which she slide across the open . Max have a big glaze jelly donut in she mouth , which she will eat throughout the follow scene . the corridor be light by sunlight leak in from outside . no utility . no rent . no problem . as she make she way along the corridor we hear music and somewhere a tv blare the news . she pass a young chinese woman do tai chi in a splash of sunlight from a window . Max stop at a doorway . max knock , knock . Inside be Theo , 30 , he wife jacinda , and they little boy , omar . jacinda be put first grade read book into a knapsack for Omar , who be dawdle with he breakfast . theo sit on the edge of the bed , hunch and pale . max hi guy . ( to theo ) let 's roll , hotshot . theo look longingly at he bicycle , lean against the wall . he cough . jacinda flash a worried look at Max . Theo gotta take a personal day . whatever it be I get , I be bitin ' it bad . he hug himself , shiver visibly . max it 's payday , need I to pick up you check ? Theo you be the best , maxie . jacinda come on , little bit , you be gonna be late for school . Three more bite . omar two more . jacinda but big one . ( to Max ) everything 's a negotiation . Max wink at Omar , who wink back . CUT to : ext . max's build - day Max squeeze out through a chain - link gate which be loosely chain shut . behind she loom the unfinish building . the ground floor be board up with plywood commandeer during the night by some street artist for a mural of a anime - style boy wear shade , collar up , blow a puff of smoke into the open mouth of a beautiful , full - lipped , wickedly make - up anime - style girl . Max hop on she bike and take off with powerful stroke down the street . ext . STREET - day tight on max's legs as she pump the pedal of she bike , muscle flex under cafe au lait skin . close on max breathe in a regular , easy rhythm as she power up a long hill . we get the sense that she be not work even close to capacity . nevertheless , she be fly , gracefully weaving among the car and foot-traffic . wide as Max pump she bike through the street bustling with activity . a normal day in the city two decade from now . thing have change by the year 2020 , but in subtle way . the skyline be the same , not transformed by gleam megastructure . there be no jetson fly vehicle glitter among the high-rise . it be a city freeze in time , stop dead in the track of progress . but it be far from a desert place . on the contrary , the street be more alive than ever . Max bunny - hop a curb , side -skid around a tight corner and barrel down a split - lane between a bunch of sluggishly move car , mostly older model from around the turn of the century , the last time people could afford to buy anything . they be primer and hold together with tape and wire . many of they have be retrofitted with alcohol fuel tank . among this beater run the micromini commuter car which come later -- little plastic piece of crap which look almost like kid ' toy , power by motorcycle engine . there be delivery boy on scooter , and big , new , hybrid - power suv 's with class - 2 armor and tinted window drive by gangster and they street muscle . as always , gangster be the only one prosper in hard time . a lot of people use bicycle as they primary form of transportation -- housewive , secretary , businessman . the bike messenger , like Max , hate they more than the car , because they clog the sidewalk and lane between traffic with they slow wobble . at major intersection , National Guard armored personnel carrier and Humvees squat ominously . there be checkpoint throughout the city , with sand - bag guard station . the bored - look soldier stand around smoking , they assault rifle sling casually . they flirt with secretary on they way to work , and talk to pass school kid . occasionally , they pull a car out of the line and shake the driver down , go through the trunk and pull he possession out onto the sidewalk . it 's bullshit , third - world martial law go stale . a way of life . just part of the landscape . Max brake to a stop at a sand - bag checkpoint . she flash the plastic id clipped to she vest to a young soldier , along with a too-big smile . max jam pony Messenger . he smile back and wave she through , check she out as she go . young soldier have a good one . woman and man stand listlessly in endless line outside store , wait they turn to buy from the paltry selection on the half - empty shelf . max ( v.o. ) they use to say one nuclear bomb can ruin you whole day . it be sort of a joke until the June morning that terrorist bozo whacked we with a electromagnetic pulse from eighty mile up ... you always hear people yappin ' on how it be all different before the pulse ... land of milk and honey , blah blah blah , with plenty of food and job and thing actually work . I be too young to remember so ... whatever . cop in heavy riot armor walk through the crowd and cruise the traffic in patrol car which have be retrofitted with polycarbonate shield over the window and kevlar armor panel over the door . among that walk with purpose be tide of homeless . the high unemployment cause by the economic collapse have lead to a homeless population not see since the great Depression almost a century before . they live in makeshift colony under freeway overpass , in abandon car and parking structure . they have be live there for year , some with a lot of creature comfort -- putt - putt generator run tv set , that sort of thing . max ( v.o. ) thing I do not get be why they call it a depression . I mean , everyone 's break but they be not really all that depressed ... life go on . rack focus from Max as she pass to a young mother , who life in a gut car , send the kid off to catch the school bus . CUT to : int . jam pony x- PRESS - day a overhead fluorescent flicker . this be the nerve center of jam pony X - PRESS , San Francisco 's oldest messenger service , found sometime in the early year of the 21st century . the crew of messenger , mostly in they 20' , of various ethnicity , include sketchy , druid , a.k.a. , et al . they drink coffee and half - watch a ancient tv hang from the ceiling while they wait for assignment . herbal thought , 30' , full - dress rastaman , stone ( it be 9:15 already ) , bum tobacco and roll papers from sketchy as he make he case to a very piss boss , normal , 40' , beefy , so -name because he 's always piss off . herbal nobody there to sign for it , mon . what 's a bruddah s'pose to do , ride around all day with the damn package ? normal so you just decide to return it to the sender . or , in this case , the sender 's wife . herbal like de prophet say , " only the unrighteous husband send expensive gift - wrap underpant to another woman . " normal head behind the shipping counter which be cluttere with pack slip , mailing tube , etc . normal which be none of you business ... or mine . herbal ( nod assent ) it concern only jah . but , in this case , I be the instrument of the most High . normal yeah , well around here , I be the most High ... from now on , before you do anything , call in for instruction . in b.g. pick up and stay with Max , who enter on she bike , ignore the sign which read : you bike be to ride not to bring inside . normal 's reaction suggest this be a habit he 's give up try to break she of . he shove a package at herbal just to get rid of he . normal this be a hot run . beat it . ( to Max ) you be late . max I be on call . ( indicate she pager ) normal I want you on call here . max what 's the difference if I be on call here or deploy in the field . normal more like deploy in bed asleep . max I do not sleep ... theo ask I to pick up he check . normal and theo can not pick up he own check because ?... max he 's sick . normal for a change . max how ' bout you do not break my sneaker on this . the guy be seriously not well . Max just look at he . finally , normal relent , reach into a drawer , hand she a pay envelope . normal you tell theo he 's not in tomorrow he can start look for another job . max I do not know how to break this to you , normal , we be all look for another job . Max cross to a row of locker where she home girl , original cindy , Black , 22 , dress in leather , stiletto nail , ghetto fabulous , slam she locker shut , piss off . Max regards she a beat then -- max Morning , Sunshine ... original cindy caught some son-of -a-bitch steal my bike . use a car jack to blow out my U lock and bent a bunch of spoke . so now I gotta get my wheel fix . max at least he do not swing with you ride . original cindy no , but I break a nail give he a cranium crack and that just sort of wreck you day , know what I be say ? she look over as natalie , clean cut , 20 , arrive , cross to she boyfriend sketchy and present he with a box of cookie and a kiss . original cindy now , why can not I find a girlfriend like that ? bring he lunch everyday , thoughtful , sweet , leg from here to there -- max straight . original cindy shame , wastin ' a girl like that on a guy , but what be you gonna do ? sketchy approach , proffering the box of cookie . sketchy homemade . Natalie baked they for we anniversary . the big one - oh . as Max dive in . max the big one - oh ? natalie we go on we first date ten month ago tonight . original cindy congratulation . original Cindy and Max exchange a look , then original Cindy head off , pass a -- tv screen as the regular programming turn to snow , replace after a moment by the pixelate image of the pirate cyber-journalist know to the mass as " eye only . " as someone crank up the volume , pan around the face in the room who listen in rapt attention . eye only ( on screen ) do not attempt to adjust you set . this be a video free America bulletin . the cable hack will last exactly sixty second . it can not be trace , it cannot be stop , and it be the only free voice leave in this city ... sketchy eye only ) be this guy for real ? ( on screen ) there be certain man who move through the world with max impunity . they action , no ( bored skepticism ) matter how vile , be immune who know ... from consequence . Edgar sonrisa be such a man . you have see he smile at political druid fund -raiser , sit at the he ever be wrong Mayor 's table drink about anything ? champagne . he own shopping center , a truck company and the large medical max supply company in San you ask I , he 's on the Francisco . he also run drug hustle same as everyone and gun up and down the west else . coast . he 's very publicly , very obviously dirty . but he have never be arrest ... someone shush she . never indicted . journalist who have attempt to expose he have be gun down in druid the street . they blood be do not mean he 's not the ink of we modern news . tell the truth . that who have oppose he have vanish ... all of that be about to change ... max do not mean he be . Max turn and head off . herbal just hope jah 's look out for he ass ' cause he 's mess with the brimstone , bruddah . off which -- CUT to : ext . intersection - day Max and sketchy be stop at a light together . Max practice balance she bike at a dead stop , seem to defy gravity , stay upright without a foot on the ground . sketchy Major negativity head this - a-way . off sketchy 's nod Max glance up at -- max's Pov six clean - cut , young kid walk abreast on the sidewalk -- a little too clean-cut ... they be straight edge kide , the american equivalent to Islamic fundamentalist , only with buzz cut , wife - beater T 's , tat , chuk , etc . they shove aggressively through the crowd . ahead of they , two teenager be make out on a bus bench , lip-locked and oblivious . the straight edger grab they and start beat the shit out of they . nobody intervene . sketchy someone oughta drop a little science on this straight edge idiot . Max 's expression be stony , she eye cold . max not my problem ... or yours . the light change and Max be go . sketchy hesitates , then go after she . Max stroke along in high gear , rocketing between the car . sketchy can barely keep up . about three storey up , a police hoverdrone scan the street below as it glide between the building with a annoying whine . it look like a flatten fly donut , two foot across , paint PD blue- and - white , with a ducted rotor in the middle . it be bristle with antennae and camera -- visible range and infrared . as it sail across some of the lower rooftop , we see a lot of jerry - rig solar panel where people be try to cope with the constant brown - out and blackout . hear the drine overhead , Max pull she ball - cap down a little lower . she do not want to wind up on the surveillance monitor at headquarters . max catch you back at the wall . sketchy later . sketchy wave , peel off at a intersection to go south . Max power on . she pass through the stall of a street market where all manner of junk and homegrown produce be hawk . the economy be half barter this day . stall owner loudly hawk expire can goods , military mre , backyard carrot , surplus parachute silk , ammo , or flour bulk out with spirulina from the government tank farm . Max smoke down the hill between the stall . she put two finger to she lip and whistle shrilly . ahead , a stall owner , BEN , look up to see she come and fire a tomato toward she as she pass . across forty foot of crowded street , at a full clip , Max catch the tomato with one hand , call -- max hit you back later . the stall owner turn to he wife and chuckle . BEN never see she miss . CUT to : ext . high -rise district - day Max pull up in front of a building in the old financial district . she hop off and pull a pin in the frame of she bike , fold it double . then she heft it onto she shoulder and walk into -- int . lobby - day Max walk up to the guard at the desk behind a mesh-steel cage . max Delivery ...1906 . guard no bike in the elevator . wordlessly , Max jam it at he , all attitude , then lock it to the cage and walk toward the elevator . int . elevator - day Max ride up in a glass elevator with a good view of the high-rise district in b.g . the inside of the elevator glass be scar with graffiti . max ( v.o. ) this be s'pose to be the financial district , back before the bank close . America really think they have it dial in -- money hangin ' out the ass . but it be all just a bunch of one and zero in a computer someplace . so when that bomb go ka - blooey and the electromagnetic pulse turn all the one and zero into plain ol ' zero , everyone 's like " no way . " now America 's just another break ex-super power look for a handout and wonder why . int . 19 th floor lobby - day Max hand the envelope to a secretary who sign the receipt . Max 's eye rove the room , alert . scan . int . 19 th floor corridor - day Max exit the suite and pause by the window at the end of the corridor . something catch she eye . close - up of max she eye scan . max's Pov the building next door , another high - rise a few floor short . it appear to be abandon but Max 's attention focus on the tenth floor balcony where several security camera track slowly back and forth . she see movement ... a human figure ... behind the dark glass of one of the window . Max walk back along the corridor . she look around and , with no - one in sight , duck through the emergency stairwell door . int . stairwell - day Max move fluidly down the stair , she body - English transformed into something feral ... catlike . CUT to : ext . build - STREET level - day the steel fire door open and Max emerge . she look alertly up and down the load dock at the back of the building , then open she fanny pack and take out a small roll of pack tape , which she use to compress the latch . she go back inside , close the door , which now be not lock . CUT to : int . lobby - day Max emerge from the elevator and claim she bike from the guard station . max later . the guard buzze she out and she cross the lobby , keep she head tilt slightly down so she hat bill block she face from the surveillance camera . CUT to : ext . the wall - day the gather place for bike messenger from all over the city . this be where they hang out , play hacky - sack , smoke cigarettes , score dope , etc . Max glide up to sketchy who be sit cross - legge atop the wall . max 's up . sketchy nod across the street where a suv , a gangster ride with tinted window , be park outside a chinese restaurant . a mob enforcer stand guard outside the door . Inside , we see another gangster hold the owner 's hand over a fry-o- lator full of boil canola oil . the enforcer bark he demand . we can not quite make out the word but it 's clear what 's go down . the restaurant owner , a asian man in he 50' , plead for mercy while he terrify wife , unable to take it anymore , rush to retrieve a wad of cash from a cabinet . outside on the sidewalk , a uniform cop walk past . the commotion inside draw he attention , but see the enforcer guard the door , who nod , the cop hurry on . sketchy fog City 's finest . Max look at she watch , then -- max quitting time . grab a cold one ? sketchy I gotta meet Natalie for dinner . max right , the big one - oh . sketchy but I will take a rain check ... he smile and pedal off . stay with he . but as soon as he round the corner , he stop at a pay phone , look to make sure the coast be clear , then dial . after a beat , into the phone -- sketchy can I talk to Natalie ? ( then ) you be not go to believe this . I be walkin ' out the door and my idiot boss stick I with a delivery way the hell out in the East Bay somewhere . so I be not gonna be able to make dinner ... I know it 's not fair ... I begge , I plead , I piss , I moan , but I gotta do what I gotta do ... we will do something special , I promise ... I love you too . mousetrap . kiss . he hang up , lock he bike to a pole , bolt up the step of a townhouse across the street and ring the doorbell . after a moment lydia meyerson , late 40' , appear at the door . sketchy sorry I be late but -- she silence he , plant a big wet one on he mouth . off sketchy in the arm of another woman , as the door close -- fade out . end of act I act ii fade in : int . zeitgeist bar - night ( day one ) the city 's bike messenger hang . lamar , long , stringy hair , big gut , bigger mouth , work the bar . a big -screen tv dominate the room , play a continuous loop of car , motorcycle , and truck crash . seat at the bar along with several of they pal , include druid , Max munch nacho while original Cindy collect bet from assort on - looker , then to druid - - original cindy you in ? druid cough up some bill . original Cindy look around . original cindy who else ? as lamar approach with drink . lamar what 's the action ? original cindy Max can repeat a fourteen-digit phone number by listen to the beep tone . lamar ( not impressed ) yeah ... original cindy on speed dial . ( see he 's intrigue ) buy - in 's ten . lamar pull out a bill and push it at original Cindy , who look around . original cindy last chance ... ( no taker ) okay . let 's do it . the bar fall quiet . all eye be on Max as lamar put the telephone on the bar , hit the speaker button . the sound of the dial tone seem to fill the room . Max , all concentration , close she eye . a beat , then lamar hit the speed dial button and we hear a rapid-fire series of beep tone . Max open she eye as the camera push in on she , then equally rapid-fire -- max seven-nine-six - five-seven- three-eight -one- four-two-four-six-nine-five . druid look at the phone 's display , see she 's correct , then frustrated and amaze -- druid how would you do that ? Max coolly extend a open palm and collect she winning . man' voice ( o.c. ) I will have a beer ... since you be buy . Max turn , see darren mckennen , early 20' , too good look , she ex , judge from the lukewarm response . max I be not . she pocket the cash . darren how're ya doin ' , Max . original cindy you mean until you show up ? darren ( ignore she ) you be not still piss ? max why would I be piss ? darren it be a complicated situation which could have be misconstrue , cause you to maybe take offense . original cindy ' Cause you go out the back door and nail she girlfriend ? who would take offense to that ? darren Justine be not a unwilling participant . a observation that busy he zero rhythm with the woman . darren do you know why I go after Justine ? original cindy she be there ... darren try to have a relationship with you , Max , be like stand in a fog bank . you know you be in the middle of something only you have absolutely no idea where you be . original cindy and when the fog lift , there 's Darren with he head under Justine 's skirt . darren ( annoyed ) could you give we a moment . original Cindy move off , then to Max -- darren I be crazy about you ... be crazy about you . but you keep everyone at arm 's length like there 's some great big dark something go on that -- I do not know ... it 's just that the more I try to get close to you , the more you pull away . max I be really glad we be have this conversation . you be right . I be angry at you . but talk about it -- the scale have fall from my eye and I see now that it be all my fault . can you ever forgive I ? darren I see the perimeter defense system be still fully intact ... at least I try . he go . original Cindy drift back . original cindy crap all over everything and everyone and then want mommy to forgive he . max ( shrug ) what guy do . ( to lamar be : nacho ) ' nother order . original cindy you be way more philosophical than I could ever be . max I just do not go in with any expectation . just then Natalie approach look around the room for she boyfriend . natalie you guy see sketchy ? max think he be have dinner with you . natalie he have to bail at the last minute on accounta some emergency run . think maybe he stop by here on the way home . original cindy have not see he . but if we do -- natalie hope he 's okay . original cindy he probably just get stick in traffic or something . Natalie nod , move off continue she search . Max consider this a moment . max that 's odd ... original cindy what ? but Max shrug it off , divert by the arrival of the nacho and be onto she next think as she dive in . max tell I the truth . be I a female fog bank ? original cindy you be not seriously buy into Darren 's nonsense . max ( without conviction ) no . original cindy he be just try to blame you ' cause he 's a slut . max ( want to believe this ) yeah . original cindy Hell yeah . there 's not the slight grain of truth in anything that idiot be say . you be a totally down - ass female and a straight - up friend who happen to be a little ... max a little what ? original cindy you know what I be say . max if I know what you be say , I would not be ask . original cindy how long you and I know each other ? max a long time . original cindy Long enough for you to pretty much read I like a book , right ? max because you be probably my close friend in the whole world . original cindy and back at ya . only there 's a part of you that 's ... I do not know -- max a fog bank . original cindy more like a mystery ... which be not bad . it 's just kinduv ... mysterious ... Max 's pager go off , she check the number . max gotta go . original cindy where ? max it 's a secret . Max head off , original Cindy watch she go . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Max haul ass through the sparse traffic on she rice- burner motorcycle . she slow in the neon glare of a row of ratty storefront . she turn in at a laundromat , hopping the curb and drive she motorcycle right through the open door . int . laundromat - night Max purr the bike to the back of the place , bath in a fluorescent glare which make she skin cyan and pallid . a heavyset woman of indeterminate age watch she warily , but do not break rhythm as she fold clothes . Max jump off and kickstand the bike . she walk through a door in the back into -- int . corridor / office - night a short , dingy corridor lead to the light - up office of a laundromat manager , dan vogelsang , who also run a private detective business out of the place . Max push the door open and walk in , catch vogelsa mid-bite in a meatball sandwich . vogelsang I ask you to keep that thing outside . max you do . vogelsang you drive away business roarin ' in like that . max yeah , do kinda break the elegant atmosphere you get goin ' on here . vogelsang you get a punk - ass mouth on you , kid . max my name 's not kid . it 's client . as in the person who pay for you opulent lifestyle . now , you get something for I or not ? vogelsang right here someplace . he go through some pile of printout , then pull one out . vogelsang I get a hit on the car . a oh-five tahoe , blue , with Wyoming tag ... agt349 ... it be not easy ' cause you be off in one of the number . max sorry , I be seven at the time . flash CUT as headlight flash into the lens , silhouett Young Max run across the road , barefoot on a icy highway . she freeze in the light as the car skid up to she . reverse close -up as she stand panting , wreathe in she own breath , she hair matte with ice . she look terrify ... back to present Max coolly scan the printout . max who 's this guy ? this be not who we be look for ... she name be Hannah . vogelsang he get the car in a trade for he old pick - up and some food ... no bill of sale or nothing . it be right after the pulse so all the dmv record be wipe . so we do not get anything on the seller . except I actually manage to find this guy , six hour on the phone ... say thank you . max thank you . vogelsang he say he get it from a woman . do not remember she name but she fit the description you give like a glove . flash CUT - tight on middle - aged woman throw open the door to a blue suv . the woman , hannah , be dress in a medical uniform , like a nurse or lab technician . she look anxiously back down the road as if she be be follow , then yell -- hannah get in ! hurry , come on ! Young Max hesitates , clearly not know if she can trust the woman 's intention . finally , she bare foot slap the freeze asphalt as she run toward the car . back to present Max be leaf through vogelsa 's note . vogelsang guy say he make the trade in gillette , Wyoming sometime in the fall of oh-nine . max then what ? vogelsang then what ? that 's it . that 's all I get . max nothing on Hannah ? vogelsang a nuclear airburst wipe out every record of every kind in every computer east of the Rockies , and you want I to find some woman you meet when you be seven , whose last name you do not even know ... maybe if you could give I something more on she ... anything you can remember , some detail ... flash CUT - young max crouch under the dash of the tahoe . Light and shadow play across she eye as she look up at the driver . young max's Pov Hannah , see from below . her face be hit by flash red and blue light . a siren wail past , go the opposite direction . Hannah anxiously watch it recede in the rearview . she look down at the child curl up on the floor , manage a smile , then reach down and put a comforting hand on she head . max she be a nurse . she must have live near there , somewhere , near the ... ( she pause ) ... the clinic . there must be some registry of nurse or medical technician or whatever for Wyoming . vogelsang only a last name would be nice . or the nearest town to this ... clinic . Max glance away . the hopelessness of she quest hang in the air . max what about the other kid ? you get anything on they ? vogelsang they do not exactly have a search engine for find a bunch of kid with bar - code on they neck , which be something I be not even go to ask about -- max you be gonna run through the law enforcement database for a match on identify mark . vogelsang nothing so far from arrest , hospital admission or coroner . this kind of search ... it 's heavy spadework . I be gonna need -- max more money ... like I be shocked to hear you say that . CUT to : ext . alley - night - sequence of tight cut max's bike tire slide to a stop . the wheel lock clack as they close . extreme close - up of max take off she black glass . a distant car headlight sweep she and Max 's pupil glow for a split second with a green retinal reflection , like that of a cat . wider as Max look up into the night shadow of a alley between high -rise . she step off the bike in one lithe , perfectly - balanced move . she be wear skin-tight black pants , black rubber - sole high - top , a black leather jacket and black glove . she be a silhouette in the darkness . she heft a black nylon gear bag over one shoulder . tight on door latch the one Max tape over earlier in the day , as she pull the door open . int . stairwell - night Max enter the dark emergency stair like a inky shadow . she bound up the stair with the fluidity of a cat . ext . roof - night - macro on door latch as it be quickly tape over . wider as Max emerge through the roof door and disable the roof security camera with a piece of black tape over the lens . she cross to the edge overlook the alley . the street be twenty - two storey down . nearby be the high -rise she study earlier in the day . her target be a narrow roof form by a setback in the facade of the next building ... one hundred foot below she and eight foot away horizontally . tight on the gear bag as it be unzip . Max 's glove hand yank out a large bundle of black nylon rope . click ! as a carabiner be snap around a steel pipe . tight on max's feet as she step up onto the parapet . down angle as Max stand at the edge of a 250 foot drop then dive headfirst out into the emptiness . several angle on max as she plummet down the face of the building . she add arm pressure to the belay around she waist , then invert with a snap , drop foot - first now , the rope make a sssshhhh ! sound across she leather jacket . Max now build lateral speed across the face of the glass high -rise . she reach the bottom of the arc , the rope stretch , take the shock , and she lateral speed wipe the world into a blur . Max arc upward , start to slow . as she flash above the parapet of the target rooftop , she release the belay and let the rope slide through she arm , drop onto the rooftop with a soft thump . tight on skylight as Max jimmy the latch and lift the cover . CUT to : int . luxury apartment foyer - night the apartment be spacious , with uptown architectural touch . a cattail of black rope drop down , tickle the travertine floor . Max slide quietly to the floor and freeze in a crouch . listen . nothing . she go to work , pad silently through the apartment . she open drawer , look inside cabinet , pick up object and examine they . int . another room - night Max enter silently , heft a small porcelain figurine , 17th century venetian . she slip it into she bag . a pair of small , gold dolphin follow . Max hear something , go to investigate -- int . study - night a man talk . stroke on a computer keyboard . the wall be bath in a blur crt glow as Max slip the door open a few inch and look into the room . max's Pov a man sit at a bank of computer monitor , half a dozen screen , rack of computer gear and peripheral of all description . the room be dark , except for the glow of the screen and power light winking on the equipment . haphazard heaps of papers , photo , file , and printout be pile everywhere on expensive antique table and couch . the man , logan cale , be speak directly into a video camera . logan eye only can not be buy or threaten . and through the eye only informant net , a truth -speaker have come forward . Max can not see Logan 's face directly because he back be turn , but she can see he in one of the monitor -- tight close - up of logan late 20' with intense , almost haggard , yet strikingly handsome feature . his eye blaze with intelligence and he project a fierce energy as he speak . logan the testimony of one fearless witness will soon lead to a indictment of Edgar sonrisa for multiple count of murder . Max register surprise as she realize who this guy be -- the pirate cyber- journalist " eye only , " in the flesh . logan ( on video ) the drug cortodiazapine be expensive , in short supply and much seek after as a cancer treatment . it be ship to veteran ' clinic to treat the balkan War syndrome , a disease which be otherwise fatal . Logan scroll back through the video he have just digitize and hit a key command which process the image through a mask filter . pixelation blur the contour of he face , leave only the intense eye clear . he watch it to check that the effect be complete . logan ( on video ) sonrisa have be replace the federal drug shipment with sugar pill , sell the real cortodiazapine on the canadian black market for two thousand dollar a bottle . what fuel the demand ? the belief that cortodiazapine could slow the effect of aging when take in large dose . Max back out the door and stop as she see something . on a table just inside the room , be a statue , a egypto-deco affair of gold and onyx depict a creature half - female , half -cat . it 's illuminate from above by a single pin-point of light . Max just look at it , utterly transfix . logan ( on video ) there be no hard scientific evidence to support this claim . but that do not stop Edgar sonrisa from peddle this drug to the few wealthy , privileged foreigner who can afford to pay any price for vanity 's sake . see Logan 's engross in he work , Max move toward the statue , snag it and back out of the room . logan ( on video ) Edgar sonrisa get richer while combat vet expose to the genetically - engineered bio-war agent go untreated . all over this city , they be repaid for defend this country by be allow to waste away and die ... a slow , agonizing death ... CUT to : int . apartment hallway - night Max stuff the statue in she bag and head back out . int . foyer - night a security guard , peter , have find the rope . he flick he maglite up to the open skylight and he eye go wide . he unholster he 'mm , scan and listen around he . he cross to the alarm panel near the door and punch in the silent alarm code . angle on foyer and corridor as Max approach . the guard be scan in the shadow , he gun sweeping the room as he move forward ... and Max be move down the hall toward he on a collision course . she can not see he approach the corner from the other side , but we can . tight on max as she sense something on a level you and I never could ... a sound , a vibration ... the guard 's body heat perhaps . over the guard as he approach the corner . he pop around the wall and aim he gun down the hall . reverse angle the corridor be empty . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Max back away from the close door and quickly cross the room as quietly as she can . she reach the door to a adjoin room . int . adjoining room - night Max slip through the door quietly , but suddenly stop . lit only by a nightlight , a woman be lie on a bed with a young girl of about 10 , have just tuck she into bed . this be lauren braganza and she daughter sophy . lauren look up , lock eye with Max . lauren oh my God ! in here ! in here ! max shhh ! do not do that ! int . study - night Logan hear the cry , shove aside a pile of papers and grab a pump shotgun . he chamber a round . int . hallway - night the security guard break into a run , head for the bedroom . int . bedroom - night lauren grab a lamp and hurl it with all she strength at Max . in slow motion the lamp tumble end over end . the guard fling open the door , sweeping he gun toward Max , all in slow motion ... except Max , who be move much faster , though normal to we eye , whereas everyone and everything else appear as if underwater . Max easily duck the lamp , which be just shatter against the wall as the guard take aim with a two-hand grip . the room go dark as the lightbulb explode . Max move sideways before the guard can pull the trigger . blam ! the room strobe with the shot but the bullet go where Max be , not where she be now ... halfway to the guard , move like a freight train . blam ! a second shot ... but Max have see the intention and jink again . the bullet carve the air next to she . she reach the guy and get a hand on the gun , yanking it down and around in a sweeping roundhouse which twist it out of he hand . this guy be big , 6'3 " and 250 lbs. , mostly muscle , except for that paunch . Max follow through with a footsweep takedown and drop onto the guy hard with he arm twisted behind he back . Max unload the pistol , slide out the magazine and jack out the chamber round . she throw the gun one way and the mag the other . back to normal speed , the guard struggle to move but Max drop onto he knee first again , knock the wind out of he for awhile . Max look up at the terrify mother and the cry little girl . max sorry . she bolt out the door into -- int . hall - night Max sprint down the hall . suddenly , Logan appear in front of she with the shotgun levele at she . it have a build - in , mini-xenon light and it be blind she nightvision , make it hard to see exactly where he be aim . she be at a momentary disadvantage . logan put it down . Max set she bag gently on the floor . Logan call to lauren -- logan ( eye rivete on Max ) lauren ... be you okay ? lauren we be alright . logan ( to the guard ) Peter ... max if he 's the side of beef with the walkie- talkie , he 's okay but he will be awhile . Logan see the statue peek out of the open bag . logan you be a thief ? max girl 's gotta make a live . logan ( relieved , even amused ) thank God . max first time I ever hear that . logan I be expect someone else . max ( off the shotgun ) guess it be not the pizza delivery guy . logan you be lucky . I almost pull the trigger . lauren be hang back in the bedroom doorway with she cry daughter . max I be sorry if I catch you at a bad time . logan we be just a little tense right now ... ( to lauren ) it 's okay . they withdraw , then to Max be : the statue -- logan you have good taste . french , 1920 's , attribute to chitarus . max whoever that be . logan so , what , you like it because it be shiny ? max no , because it 's the egyptian goddess bast . logan who be ... max the goddess who comprehend all goddess , eye of ra , protector , avenger , and destroyer , giver of life , who life forever ... I could keep go . Logan just look at she , fascinate . then , Peter emerge from the bedroom , hold he rib . he fumble out he handcuffs and head for Max . logan stay back , Peter . too late . Max move like lightning , grab Peter 's wrist as he reach for she , yanking he off balance and get he in a sharply painful come - along hold with one hand bent up behind he back . Max have maneuver he between she and the shotgun , trumping Logan 's hold over she . max look , I would love to hang and discuss art but I gotta get go . she march Peter backwards into the live room , control the big bodyguard with the thumb-hold and keep he between she and Logan . peter aaaah ! aaaah ! easy , my wrist be gonna snap ! max that could happen . ( to Logan ) by the way , I love you show . at that moment there be a thunder crash at the front door . Max 's head snap around as a squad of private security cop wear ballistic armor haul back and pound the door again with a steel batter ram . int . foyer - night k-wham ! the door be blast open and a phalanx of heavily armed rent -a- cop spill inside , they flashlight sweeping the apartment . slow motion as they raise they weapon toward Max . but Max be move like grease lightning , as she bolt away from Peter , who find himself suddenly handcuff to a heavy , wringht - iron table . slo - mo as the security squad , move like they be submerge , try to track she . she run like a black blur . Logan yell for they to stop , he word distend -- logan nooo ! waaaiiit ! Max cross she arm over she face and hit the window at a full run . the glass explode outward in a diamond shower . Max disappear into the night , like she be never there . the cop do not even get a shot off . real time as Logan run to the window and look down -- ext . build - night - logan' Pov he catch a glimpse of Max leaping from balcony to balcony , down the face of the building , ninety foot below . she vanish into the shadow at street level . on logan watch in fascinate awe as the curtain blow out around he in the night wind . fade out . end of act ii act III fade in : int . genedyne lab flashback dreamlike , stroboscopic image of military regimentation . as before , drain of color . kid at attention in long lens stack . one of the child , a boy with blonde hair , pitch forward onto the floor , wrack by a seizure . superfast intercut int . max's crib - day ( day two ) tight on Max 's hand yanking off a bottle cap , slapping pill into she mouth . wide as she slam she back into the bathroom corner , hugging herself as she slide to the floor . flashback tight on the other kid , reacting only with they eye , not break rank as the convulse blonde boy be drag away by uniform orderly . some of the kid turn to watch and the drill instructor charge forward , yell . on max in the present , wrack by spasm . her body shake with muscle tremor as she clenches into a ball , eye shut , in she own world of pain and memory . monochrome flashback a high , wide shot of the barrack ... kid in row of steel bunk . all the bed be fill except one . Young Max , lie in the night shadow , stare at the empty bed . she look down at she own hand with a look of fear , watch it shake . she stuff it under the sheet . on young max as she walk down the hall in grey boxer and T - shirt . the corridor be dark but light spill through a door ahead . she approach slowly , hearing tech sound and a low , murmured dialogue . the high - pitch sound of a medical see . max's Pov inside the room . in a pool of halogen light , the blonde boy lie naked on a stainless steel table surround by doctor and med-tech . we do not see exactly what they be do , but we hear the bone see and we know it 's a autopsy . by Young Max 's expression of horror , it be clear she think they have kill he and be dissect he like a frog . stand silhouett between Max and the pool of light be a man in a suit , not in medical green . he turn and pick up a cup of coffee off a steel cart with one black glove hand ... lydecker . Max back away , then turn and run along the corridor ... trip and sprawl ... get up and run on . close on max , in the present ... open she eye . the morning light be painful to she as she get unsteadily to she foot . she lean over the sink and pour water over she head from a plastic jug . Max head out into -- int . live room - day Max emerge and be stop in she track by the sight of -- her motorcycle the handlebar of which be drape with kendra 's collection of thong panty hang there to dry . after a beat , Max cross to she bike , and remove the confection as she speak -- max kendra ... this be a motorcycle . it 's sole reason for be be to go fast . very fast . it be not put on this earth for you to use as a clothesline . I love you as a roommate and a friend , but , make no mistake , I love my motorcycle more . don't-touch-the -bike , okay ? as she toss the handful of panty at the sleep form huddle under a blanket across the room , the form shift , then sit up revealing -- Darren , one arm wrap around kendra , who 's snuggle next to he , still asleep . warren what time be it ? he blink the sleep from he eye , then , after a beat , recognize Max -- darren what be you do here ? max I live here ... guess I do not have to ask what you be do here . darren you be roommate ? kendra ( stir awake ) some of we be try to sleep . darren you do not tell I you live with she . kendra you know each other ? max he 's a mistake I make about six month before you do . but do not feel bad . Justine make the same mistake , along with Renee , jada , tia , brooke - - kendra ( recoil from Darren ) yech ... darren nothing happen between I and tia . kendra leave . now . darren can I say something in my defense ? kendra no. max everybody down . as a aerial police drine hover just outside the window , Max dive for the floor . darren what be it ? max Police drine . Max watch as the drine float past the window , its tv camera sweeping the interior . finally , it sail off but before anyone can register relief , hear the squawk of a police loudspeaker outside the hallway . max it 's a sweep . ( get up ) c'mon . darren what ? where be we go ? as Max and kendra haul Darren to he foot , he grab a hat or a magazine or something , to cover he nakedness as they propel he toward the window . darren lemme put some clothes on . max no time . as Max open the window . kendra move it . darren where ? max out there . darren no way . max unless you wanna end up in jail , let I and kendra handle the cop . as they bundle he out onto the ledge -- darren but I be afraid of -- max do not look down . Max slam the window shut , close the blind , and the two girl crack up . kendra what a creep . max and for all he cattin ' around , not much of a stick man either . but the hilarity be short - live when they hear the footfall out in the hallway of a police platoon sweeping the building . cop ( o.c . ) all unauthorize individual vacate the premise or face immediate arrest . suddenly , the makeshift door be kick in and a cop in full riot gear enter . he lift the visor of he helmet , revealing the square - jaw game face of lieutenant walter clarke . clarke lady ... Max suddenly relax . max Morning , walter . what 's the good word ? clarke just do my part to keep the homeless problem from get out of hand . max coffee ? clarke read my mind ... ( as she pour he a cup ) you have not see anyone trespasp around here ? max gosh , no . Max throw a look at kendra , who retrieve a envelope and hand it over to the cop with obvious irritation . the cop take out the cash , count it , then reach for he walkie- talkie . clarke seventh floor be vacant and secure . ( pocket the money ) have a nice day . he go . kendra turn to Max . kendra what 's with you ? every week this scumbag put the squeeze on we and every week you roll out the welcome wagon like he 's family . max ( shrug ) just think maybe he would like a little coffee with he saliva . kendra you do not ... max every week . she make a hawk sound and the two girl crack up . off which -- CUT to : ext . build - day Darren cool he heel , along with everything else , out on the ledge . darren Max ? kendra ? Darren look up as a police hoverdrone float toward he . CUT to : darren full screen on a tv monitor . darren c'mon guy ... pull back to reveal another monitor , and another , and finally , a entire wall of surveillance screen , half - watch by a couple of bored tech in a underground police bunker somewhere . CUT to : int . hallway - day Max wheel she bike down the corridor head for work . jacinda crack the door and peer out . max it 's cool . jacinda open the door . Max fish in she jacket . max before I forget , theo 's check . I get in late last night and do not want to bother you . she hand the check to jacinda , who manage a smile which only momentarily conceal the concern evident in she face . jacinda thanks . max how 's he feel ? jacinda take he to the hospital again . they give he some medicine but he say it 's not help . max you know how it be . you or I get sick , life go on . a guy get the sniffles and the world 's come to a end . jacinda nod , want to believe it 's nothing serious , then -- Theo ( o.c. ) that you , Max ? Max enter -- int . theo's apartment - day theo lie on a mat on the floor , too weak to prop himself up . his breathe be labor . max play hooky again ? Theo feel like the dog 's dinner . max probably a touch of what 's go around . Theo I know what I get , Max . they put I back on that drug they be give the other vet . only the guy do that cable hack say the stuff 's no good . Max see that the fear in he eye be real , then cover -- max do not believe everything you hear on tv . Theo what if he 's on the level ? max here 's the dealio on eye only . he 's probably some wack rich dude sit around in a trick - ass apartment , bored stupid . so he get off on scarin ' the poop outta folk like you -- I gotta go . Theo tell everybody hey . max you can tell them yourself tomorrow . Max turn to go . as she pass jacinda -- int . hallway - day jacinda be zipping up Omar 's jacket . max like I say , guy be the weaker sex . CUT to : int . logan' apartment - study - day at he computer console , Logan fast - forward through a video surveillance tape from the previous day , freezing on Max as she approach the adjacent building with a delivery . he blow up the image until Max 's face fill the screen , she eye look right into the surveillance camera , right at he . he study the picture for a long contemplative moment . Peter enter in b.g. , look over at he boss . peter glad you be get you money 's worth outta that tape . have to grease the guard a hundred for it . but Logan do not even hear he . he 's utterly lose in the image of Max onscreen . then -- peter you tryin ' to i.d. the perp , or a new girlfriend ? Logan snap out of it , then -- logan if I would just get my ass kick by a size five , I might be inclined to mind my own business . off which -- CUT to : ext . the wall - day Max pass the time between run play hacky - sack with another messenger , who 's show off . as she make a tough return -- max like that ? messenger not bad for a beginner . the other messenger be watch the volley as sketchy ride up , out of breath , a worried look on he face , hop the curb and skid to a stop next to Max . max hey , sketchy -- sketchy we gotta talk . max what 's up ? she spin and do a no-look return with she heel . the other messenger make the save , register surprise at Max 's dexterity . sketchy snag the bag in mid-air with one hand . sketchy it 's kinda important . CUT to : ext . alley - day walk and talk as sketchy lay it out for Max . max you blow off you girlfriend last night , even though it be the big one - oh . I would be piss off too if I be she . sketchy not half as piss as she 's gonna be when she find out why I blow she off ... I need you help , Max . Max just look at he . sketchy can not meet she gaze , then -- sketchy see , I have more or less be see this other person . a beat , then coolly -- max I do not see how you cheating on Natalie involve I . sketchy I know what you be think . but the truth be , this other person be not someone I be in love with . as a matter of fact , after what she just do , she 's not even someone I like much . so in a technical sense , I be not sure you could call I and she cheating ... officially . max do guy actually believe they lame , self - serve excuse ? sketchy Max -- max or do you think we be just so grateful to have one of you idiot we will look the other way , which be arrogant and condescending . sketchy lame , self -serve , arrogant ... guilty as charge . max you leave out condescending . sketchy but there 's another side -- max here it come . the part where the guy turn everything around . sketchy I be the victim here . max ( sarcastic ) really ? sketchy hear I out . this person I have be see be a jam pony client who happen to be marry -- max and you be a sympathetic ear . sketchy exactly . max then a sympathetic mouth , then a sympathetic -- sketchy she have I follow the other day and find out about Natalie . now , this person 's demand I blow she off or she will do it for I by tell nat about we . max do this person have a name ? sketchy lydia . max and lydia tell Natalie the truth make you a victim in what way ? sketchy I be a toy to she . max a toy ? sketchy she 's as much as say so . but she do not want to share she toy with anyone else ... it 's just a ego thing with she . max fight fire with fire . threaten to go to she husband . sketchy who either do not care , or could have I kill . either way , Natalie 's still gonna find out . max what happen if you level with she ? sketchy even if she do not dump I , which be unlikely , she would never be able to trust I again . max and why should she ? sketchy look Max , I make a terrible mistake . one I will never , ever make again . Natalie and I be soulmate . I know that now . she 's the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with . I guess it take the think of lose she for I to understand that . after a beat , Max heave a sigh , then -- max what be it you want I to do ? CUT to : int . jam pony x- PRESS - day Logan enter , look around at the motley assortment of messenger , then cross to the dispatch counter where normal bark out a order . normal pick - up at four-eleven Montgomery go to Pacific Heights . he toss a package to herbal think . logan ( to normal ) I be look for a lady who work here . normal lady would be elsewhere . he flash the picture of Max lift from the surveillance video . logan know where I can find she ? normal you do not want to . logan but she do work here ? normal she may be easy on the eye but she 's trouble , trust I . ( call out ) hot run to two - oh- two sansomme . logan I need to talk to she . normal can not help you . Logan pull out a bill , extend it to he . logan how ' bout she name and address ? normal eye the money , then pocket it . normal Max something . I get no clue where she stay . logan any idea when she will be back ? normal none . logan I will wait . Logan plunk himself down in a chair to wait . normal see he 's determine , then -- normal she hang out after work at a place call Zeitgeist . CUT to : int . zeitgeist - night as Max and original Cindy play a game of eightball -- original cindy you be actually gonna bail sketchy out . max yeah , ' cause maybe he 's learn he lesson . original cindy unlikely . max and because he 's my friend . original cindy Friends do not help other friend cheat . max and because I actually kinda feel sorry for guy sometimes . original cindy please ... max they be prisoner to they gene . original cindy so be dog . max they do not have a lot of move part . original cindy only one I can think of . max besides , think of the drama I be spare Natalie . original cindy I say hang the bastard out to dry , let she see he for the heel he be , then maybe she will step to the all - girl team and let mama-licious ease she pain . max but , of course , there 's nothing self - serve in that scenario . Max look up , see Logan at the bar talk to lamar , who point in she direction . as Logan cross to she -- max ( to Logan ) so this guy walk into a bar and say ... logan we do not get a chance to finish we conversation the other night . by way of introduction , without take she eye off Logan -- max original Cindy , say hi to my good friend -- logan Logan cale . original cindy hey . but Max and Logan just stand there look at each other . max sorry about you window . logan can we go somewhere and talk ? sense that it 's time to make herself scarce , original Cindy look at she watch -- original cindy woop , xena 's on . she split . Max and Logan look into one another 's eye , transfix . max lemme get my coat . logan the one you be wear ? finally , Max break they gaze , look down , see she 's in fact wear it . max right . they head out . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Max and Logan walk in silence for a moment , a easy affinity between they . after a moment -- max how would you find I ? logan be not that hard . max be I s'pose to be flatter by all the attention ? logan now you know who I be , where I live . I figure I better find out who I be deal with in case you be look to hurt I . max so now you track I down . what d'ya think ? logan too early to tell . max how do Mrs. eye only like be marry to a guy on everybody 's hit list ? logan lauren 's not my wife . max girlfriend ? logan one of my source . her husband be murder by Edgar sonrisa . max what 's you shot in all this ? be a famous , anonymous , underground , pirate , cyber - journalist can not be much of a payday . logan fortunately , my need be meet in that department . max so , what , you just like the sound of you own voice ? logan look around at all this ... ( gesture at the city around they ) built by people who get up every morning and work hard try to make a better life . then the bomb happen and everyone get scared . they blink and before they know it they would give away the store to a bunch of thug who be happy to take it off they hand . overnight the government , the police , everything intend to protect the people have be turn against they . max you miss the good ol ' day . even though there be still poor people who die from disease when they do not have to . and rich people spend obscene amount of money redecorate they house to match the cat . that good ol ' day ? logan people have a choice , even if they take it for grant . and now they do not . max so what be you gonna do about it ? logan something . max personally , I be more interested in go fast on my motorcycle or climb the tran american building with my pal . instead of give myself a headache over stuff I can not do anything about . logan you accept the way thing be , you be a active participant in make it worse . max be the social study class over for today ? logan yeah ... they walk in silence for a beat , then -- logan that be a pretty extraordinary display of athleticism the other night . in fact , a little too extraordinary . you wanna tell I how -- but he look up at she and she 's go . as the camera pull back , Logan be all alone on a empty street , look for Max , who seem to have vanish into thin air . fade out . end of act III act iv fade in : int . jam pony x- PRESS - day ( day 3 ) Morning . messenger drink coffee and eat donut as they wait for they assignment . Max , at she locker , confer with sketchy -- sketchy so you be straight on how this be gonna go down . max you set up on lydia . when she 's on she way over to the apartment you give I the head up . I answer the door and pretend to be Natalie . sketchy she tell you how I have be -- max --a philander pig . sketchy but you explain that you be a compassionate and understanding person who can find it in you heart to forgive I . max or , I dissolve into a angry , hysterical wreck who never want to see you lie ass again , which be probably what would really happen . sketchy I just do not want Natalie to ever find out . she deserve better . max how would you get she out of town ? sketchy convince she she need to visit she mom in San mateo . max and we be sure lydia 's gonna make she move ? sketchy she come by the apartment once already . fortunately , I would disconnect the doorbell as a precaution ... lydia 's not gonna back off until she get she pound of flesh . max I will give it my best shot . sketchy Max , what do I do to deserve a friend like you ? max you do not . she get up and head out , pass normal , who shove a package at she . normal fourteen -thirteen market . get a signature , then take it to this address ... by the way , that guy who be in here sniff after you yesterday call twice already . max tell he I take the day off ' cause I be not feel so hot . she walk away . normal ( be : the package ) what about this ? max I be take the rest of the day off ' cause I be not feel so hot . off normal 's exasperation -- CUT to : ext . STREET - day lydia mount the step , ring the doorbell . max ( o.c . ) who be it ? lydia a friend of you fiance 's . max ( o.c. ) what do you want ? lydia to set the record straight about where he be the other night when he say he be work late . after a long silence she 's buzze in . as lydia enter -- CUT to : int . apartment - day as Max open the door , we see that she hair be pull back in a bow . her leather jacket , jeans and boot have give way to one of Natalie 's floral print dress . lydia enter , look around at the modest surroundings , smirk -- max who be you ? lydia my name 's lydia . and it seem you and I have a lot in common . max you say you know where my fiance be the other night . lydia with I , where he 's be after work , three , sometimes four night a week for the last two month ... we have what you might call a intimate relationship . max how do I know you be tell the truth ? lydia he be sleep in a T-shirt lately ? ( off Max 's reaction which confirm this ) that 's so you will not see the fingernail mark on he back . ( flash a set of long , red nail ) Bet you do not know you boyfriend find a little pain exciting . he do not either ... at first . max look , I do not know what you want -- lydia I think it be important for you to know the fact . max and so should you . sketchy tell I I could expect a visit from you . I know all about how you threaten he . that if he do not break it off with I , you would save he the trouble . lydia oh ? max well , it 's over between you and he . we be get marry next month . lydia how sweet . stand by you man , even after what he do . you be a very understanding person . max Big part of loving someone 's be able to forgive they . lydia you be also a fool . max I think you should go now . lydia not before we get something straight you prissy little bitch . I decide when I be do with you boyfriend . not he , and certainly not you . unless maybe you want to find out just how sharp this nail really be . she go for Max 's face with a handful of flame red fingernails . but Max catch she hand . max this be not a place you wanna go . lydia let go of my hand . Max do . lydia compose herself a beat , then take a swing at Max , who easily step aside , then catch lydia by the arm and flip she onto she back on the floor . max I be work very hard to respect my elder here but do not push you luck . lydia get up , grab a floor lamp and , in slo - mo , swing it like a truncheon at Max , who easily duck it at normal speed . Max , feed up now , be on she in a instant . still in slo -mo , lydia 's expression register horror as Max collar she , then back to normal speed , drag she to the window and hang she upside down by the ankle three storey above the pavement below . lydia help ... lemme go ... no , do not let I go ... help ... max now , here 's how it 's gonna be , lydia . you be gonna take you threat and you acrylic nail , and you be gonna go home and figure out you marriage , instead of try to make other people feel as miserable as you do , understand ? lydia okay , okay . Max let go with one hand , hold the woman 's full weight with the other . lydia scream . max say the word , " I understand . " lydia I understand . max and if I ever catch you come near my man again ... off lydia , upside down , she skirt around she shoulder -- CUT to : int . sketchy' apartment - day twenty minute later . present be Max and a triumphant sketchy . sketchy you rock , max. ( jabbing a finger at she ) you ... rock ... max easy sketchy . sketchy no , I be serious . that psycho get exactly what she deserve ... yes . max lydia may not have be one of humanity 's finer specimen but -- sketchy she 's toxic ... monster in bed , but toxic . max ( continue she think ) you would be make a mistake to come away from this think she 's the villain in the piece ... you be . sketchy she be the one -- max none of this would have happen if you have exercise even a smidgen of good judgement or self - restraint , which you do not . sketchy true , but -- max ( cut he off ) you be try to have it both way and you be be completely selfish . and if I ever find out you be go out the back door on Natalie again , you be the one who 's gonna be hang by you ankle three storey up . understand ? sketchy okay , okay , okay -- max say the word , " I understand . " a beat , then -- sketchy I understand . CUT to : int . vogelsang's office - night vogelsa sit at he computer , a half - empty glass of booze next to the keyboard . the phone ring , he answer . vogelsang yeah ... who 's this ? ... oh , hey Phyllis , do not recognize you voice ... what 's up ? ... the usual , do some work for a client . thinks one of he bartender 's get he hand in the till . kid work three day a week for tip , just drop forty large on a new ride ... tonight ? ... I really can not ... of course I want to see you but -- from the sudden change in he demeanor we can only imagine the word picture Phyllis be painting . then , serious now -- vogelsang what be you wear ? ... the red one ? ... see you in a few . vogelsa hang up , finish off the glass , click off he computer , grab he briefcase and head into -- int . laundromat - night desert . vogelsa head for the front door . he tap the wash machine lid shut , one by one as he go . he hit the light and head out the door , lock it as he address a kid just arrive with a basket of laundry . vogelsang we be close . sorry . vogelsa lock the door and go . angle on a row of oversize industrial dryer . after a beat , the door of one of they be kick open . then , in the darkness we watch as a human form , clad all in black , climb out of he hide place , then go to another dryer , open it and take out a black bag of gear and head for vogelsa 's office . ext . STREET - night vogelsa arrive at he car , a 20 - year- old beater with a alcohol tank retrofitted on the hood . he pat himself down look for the car key , mutter a curse , then head back toward the laundromat . int . vogelsang's office - night as the intruder rifle drawer , etc . he hear something , freeze . int . laundromat - night vogelsa unlock the door , enter and pad toward he office , bang into the now open door of the industrial dryer . vogelsang ( under he breath ) damnit ... he continue into -- int . vogelsang's office - night he reach for the light switch but be jump from behind by the intruder , who take he out with a couple of quick chop . vogelsa hit the ground hard . the intruder rifle he pocket , empty he wallet , then grab he bag of gear and split . off vogelsa , out cold as the sound of footstep recede in the b.g . CUT to : int . max's crib - night Max enter , call -- max kendra ... anybody home ? but no one be . Max peel off she leather jacket , drop it on the floor . she kick off one boot , then the other , then peel off she black turtleneck revealing a tank top underneath , dive onto she futon and sigh . not out of fatigue , more like the weight of the world weigh on she tonight . she lie there a beat , then sense something . call it a vibration , intuition . she sit up suddenly and be very still , like a deer in the forest listen for a predator 's approach , then she turn and look behind she and see -- the gold statue on the milk crate bookshelf against the wall . Max get up , cross to the statue , pick it up and look at it a long moment try to run the math . then , impetuously she head out of the room collect she just doffed clothes as she go . fade out . end of act iv act V fade in : int . logan' apartment - foyer - night ( day three ) the luxurious apartment , subdued lighting . a beat , then -- thwump ! max drop into frame landing in a crouch . she see -- int . dine room - night Logan , stand in the dining room , just lighting a candle at the long table . there be two place setting . he look at she , then blow out the match . logan ever notice how cat always seem to turn up around dinner time ? max ( icy ) I will not be stay . logan I be not a half bad cook . the tastefully array table suggest this be a understatement . max like follow I around and pester the people I work with be not bad enough , but break into my apartment -- logan it be open . max you get a lotta nerve . logan I ? you be the one who try to rip off this piece . max completely different situation . I steal thing in order to sell they . for money . it 's call commerce . but some stranger sneaking into a girl 's bedroom be ... bent . logan bent ? max bent . logan you make it sound I paw through you priceless collection of underwear . max how do I know you do not ? logan so see my hand off , I leave you a present . max be I s'pose to be grateful ? logan that would be appropriate , yes . max how be I s'pose to ever sleep there again know some pervo 's probably touch everything I own ? logan you be that nervous , you be welcome to stay here . Max feign complete revulsion at the think as Peter the security guard enter in a rush , draw he gun menacingly , some ace wrapping on he wrist and a bandage on the bridge of he nose . max whoa there , tex ! we have be through all this . logan it 's alright , Peter , we be fine . max we be not fine . Peter lower the gun but continue to watch Max suspiciously . peter this be a tactical exposure which I go on record as not like . logan noted ... Peter , do I a favor and look in on lauren and sophy . Peter grudgingly exit and Max causally circle the table . she idly kick the plywood which have be fastened over the window she break last time she be here . logan look , if I make you nervous or uncomfortable or creepe you out -- max yes on all count . logan I be sorry . it be not my intention . but I have to see you . max you would think a guy who 's take on the job of save the world would have a few more important thing to do than traipse around after some girl . logan I have not be able to get you off my mind . max you need to get out more . logan c'mere , I want to show you something . put a hand on each shoulder , he steer she over to a ornate mirror hang above the sideboard . max gold leaf , art nouveau , french , early nineteen hundred ... I could probably fence this for three or four grand . logan no , I mean this . he point to she reflection in the mirror . logan probably the most singularly beautiful face I have ever see . Max be catch off guard , even a little embarrassed . max expensive gift , surprise late - night visit , over - the- top flattery ... you always come on this strong ? logan only when I meet someone I have to know everything about . he brushes the air off the nape of she neck and lean in . Max do not resist . max what be you do ? Logan see the bar code on she neck . logan and now I think I know pretty much everything . he abruptly pull away , leave Max stand there confuse by the interruption . logan suppose I could help you locate the other one . max the other one ? logan the other one like you ... max ( blankly ) you lose I . logan c'mon , Max . first I watch you dive headfirst out the window fifteen storey up like you be Rocky the fly squirrel . then , I find this in you apartment . he pull a vial of pill out of he pocket . Max register outrage . logan l-triptophane ... a neurotransmitter sometimes use in homeopathy to control seizure . then the lightbulb go off . max you do go through my stuff . as Logan turn and head into -- int . study - night Max follow as Logan begin type information on the computer keyboard . logan I get a anonymous report a couple year ago from a guy who say he be a lab tech at a covert genetics lab in the Wyoming mountain ... a file label manticore fill the computer screen . max I do not know what kind of game you be play here but I be out because you be a whack - job . logan he be work on something call Project manticore , which be use recombinant DNA to produce a superior human ... a warrior ... a advanced infantry soldier . max not that I do not enjoy a good urban legend now and then but what do any of this have to do with I ? logan the bar code on you neck , Max . I know who you be and I know who you be run from . the revelation freeze Max in she track . after a beat , she suddenly bolt but Logan catch she , look into she face . logan there be a couple of dozen of this transgenic kid . and in oh-nine , a few month before the pulse , six of they escape . the struggle go out of she when she hear this . max six ? the emotion be plainly evident in she eye . logan you be one of that kid , Max . off which -- CUT to : int . bedroom - night lauren sit on the bed read " goodnight Moon " to sophy . lauren goodnight bear . goodnight chair . goodnight kitten . goodnight mitten . goodnight clock . and goodnight sock . goodnight little house . and goodnight -- sophy I do not want to move away . lauren I know , honey , but just think how exite it will be -- new house , new school , new friend -- sophy but why can not we stay here ? lauren because we can not . there 's nothing here for we anymore . sophy be we in some kind of trouble ? lauren no ... sophy then how come last night I hear you talk to Logan and you be cry ? a beat , then -- lauren what make you cry ? sophy if I be sad , or tired , or sometimes when I be angry or when somebody 's be mean to I . lauren pretty much the same reason I be cry . but thing will be better when we move to a new place . sophy then I be gonna do what you do to make I feel better when I be sad . sophy take the book . sophy I be go to read you a story ... and goodnight mouse . goodnight camel . and goodnight brush . goodnight nobody . and goodnight mush -- CUT to : int . live room - night Logan listen as Max relate the specifics of she history . max we get separate right away . I never know how many make it . logan how well do you remember the lab ? max I remember fine . I just do not understand what be go on . they never tell we anything except what to do . it take I a long time afterwards to figure thing out . logan how much do you know ? max I know they make I . even get the label on my neck to prove it . logan the technical term for you be " chimera " ... max yeah ... a make - up creature . like in mythology ... with the head of a lion , the body of a goat and the tail of ... logan a girl . max you basic hodge-podge . logan hardly ... Max acknowledge the compliment with a brief glance , then look out the window at the city light . max Christmas be a snap when you get no parent or relative , just a bunch of gene sequence from probably twenty different people . logan like extra virgin olive oil , the best of the best . max ( then , turn from the window ) you say you could help . logan I need to find this technician , or anyone else who know about Project manticore . they would have use surrogate mother to carry you after the in-vitro work ... if I can track down one of they . max what 's in it for you ? logan you help . max I already do not like the sound of this . logan the woman you meet , lauren . she supervise worker remove cortodiazapine from gel cap by hand and replace it with powder sugar . the real drug be ship out of the country . the placebo be distribute to County VA Hospital and six veteran ' clinic in the area . max that 's low , but this effect I how exactly ? logan she 's prepare to testify that she be instruct to do this by one of Edgar sonrisa 's manager . you know who sonrisa be ? max yeah , I catch you hack . he 's Satan 's lap dog , or something . logan so , you know the length he will go to keep she from go public ... I be turn lauren over to canadian law enforcement tomorrow . they will put she in witness protection , but if you be with she the risk of she safety go way down . max I do not make it this far by attract a lot of attention . logan she 's put she life on the line , and she faith in I . max they want I ... bad . or at least they do not want I grab up by the chinese or whoever . best case , I wind up back in that facility . more likely , it 's a long drive out in the country , if you know what I mean . Logan see the fear in she eye . a flash of the scared six - year - old through the stony poise of the woman . max they have lose track of I and I plan to keep it that way . logan you be a soldier , Max . that 's what you be put here for . but soldier need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up . max that 's deep . but before you lecture I about the meaning of life maybe you oughta get one ...ta to . then , she leap up and grab the comb of the skylight . she pike sharply , like a gymnast , and pull herself up through the open . and , just like that , she 's go . CUT to : ext . sidewalk newsstand - night Max pick up a newspaper , look around , tuck the gold statue in it , hand it to the proprietor , inga marchand , 28 , tough , cool , sexy , despite she prosthetic leg . inga take the newspaper , check out the statue , she eye widen . inga where would you clip this ? max I do not . it be a present from a guy . inga must think you be pretty special lay this on you . max think so . turned out he want I for something else though . inga same old story . ( then hand back the statue ) not interested . max ( shrug ) think I would let you have first crack ... later . she stand to go but inga stop she . we get the sense this be all part of the dance , then -- inga what be you look for ? max a grand . inga which mean I gotta fence it for two . who 's get that kinda scrilla lie around , this be the worst of the time . max ( shrug ) I be not mad at you ... inga I will give you seventy - five buck for it . max ( nod , then ) later . as she head off , inga relent , pull out a wad . this be as practice as a japanese tea ceremony . inga I should not do this . ( as she count out the money ) but I get a client lookin ' to score some fire power . maybe you will keep you eye open for I . max I do not get involved with gun . inga I will make it worth you while . max ( firm ) it 's a rule . inga hand the money to Max , reach for the statue . but without count the cash , Max yank back the merchandise . max you be light a deuce . inga ( smile ) be I ? then she count out two more bill . inga so Max , what do you do with all you money ? max I get overhead ... she go . CUT to : ext . laundromat - night Max pull up on she motorcycle . a sign say close . Max dismount , knock on the door but it 's open . she venture in . int . laundromat - night she transit the corridor into -- int . vogelsang's office - night the place be trash . vogelsa sport a mouse under one eye . max what happen ? he look up at Max , put a finger to he swollen lip to silence she , then by way of explanation scrawl on a pad as he speak -- vogelsang walk in on some hump ransack the place . disgruntle former client , or someone I be look into try to see what I get . or it coulda be you garden variety junkie boost . who know ? as he hold up the pad -- insert room bugged . Max nod understanding . max as long as you be okay . vogelsang I will live ... regard you case ... I be afraid I have come up with some bad news on you fiance . lemme get the file . he motion Max toward the back door -- vogelsang if you need to freshen up , bathroom 's over there . Max pick up the cue . max please . as vogelsa steer she outside into -- ext . alley - night vogelsa 's demeanor instantly change . vogelsang I do not know what you story be and I do not want to . max here 's you money . she hand it to he but he do not take it . vogelsang whoever toss this place want you . and I be look to stay outta the line of fire . max how 's this about I ? vogelsang they lift my wallet to make it look like a robbery . but there 's a bug in my computer keyboard , a tap on the phone and a mike in the light fixture . max like you say , maybe somebody 's tracking one of you investigation . vogelsang hardware 's too sophisticated . it 's gotta be the government . and why do I think they be look for you ? max you be crazy . vogelsang I be you , I take that money and get outta town while you can . he head back into -- int . laundromat - night resuming he cover story . vogelsang you fiance have four previous wife . his m.o. be to clean them out and take off . ( sotto ) which be what you oughta do . max bastard ... it 's unclear whether she 's speak in character or venting on vogelsa for bail . vogelsang I be sorry I could not come up with something more positive . max you and I both . she go . ext . laundromat - night as Max get on she motorcycle and head off , she put she collar up , pull she hat down , glance at the two man in a park car who watch she closely as she pass . as one of the man raise a camera and click off several frame , Max look away and we -- CUT to : int . max's build - night Max emerge from the stairwell into the darken corridor . Omar run toward she wave a flashlight , make the sound of gunfire and explosion as he wage a five - year - old 's war -- omar blam - blam - blam , you be dead . as Max try to wrest the flashlight out of he hand , annoyed -- max turn that off , Omar , before you get the cop on we . jacinda emerge from she apartment , call in monotone -- jacinda come on , Omar , it 's time to go to sleep . she scoops up the child , turn off the flashlight but not before the beam illuminate she face . her eye be red , she cheek tear-streaked . max be you okay ? jacinda just nod . Omar wriggle out of she arm , run into the apartment shoot at a imagine adversary . max what 's wrong ? a beat , then -- jacinda I take theo to the hospital tonight ... he could not walk so I borrow some money and we take a cab but ... her chest begin to heave and she break down in sob . jacinda ...he do not make it ... he 's dead . oh my God ... oh my God ... Max go to she and take she in she arm . off Max , comforting the stricken woman . fade out . end of act V act VI fade in : int . max's crib - day ( day four ) close on max grimace , torture by another seizure . monochrome flashback ( genedyne ) in the barrack , the kid surround Young Max , who be sprawle on the floor convulse . they look up in fear as the door bang open and a group of guard and orderly come in . the kid be order out of the way , but they do not want to give Max up , not after what happen to the blonde-haire boy . on max in the present , fumble to open she pill . she dump out a handful , scatter some . she pound they into she mouth . flashback continue as the kid be pull out of the way , protest . the orderly , yell , grab Max , but -- Zack push one of the orderly and the guy fly back and guard rush in with stun baton raise . a girl spring on one from behind and , quick as a flash , she yank he gun out of it 's holster and -- blam ! she put a round into the ceiling , then pull down on the guard . scream at they she wave the gun in a arc and -- they fall back , leave Eva crouch over Max with the gun . the kid join rank without hesitation ... they eye fierce . the guard and orderly fall back through the door and the kid start to barricade it with steel bunk frame . max , in the present convulse on the bathroom floor . her muscle be lock in a tetanic rigor . one fist shoot out and shatter the tank of the toilet . ceramic shard and water pour over she . she pull into a fetal position , shaking violently , as she ride it out . her head rap against the flood tile floor . flashback the kid , lead by Zack be run through a service hall in the lab complex . jondy and Eva be pull a stumbling Max along . they round a corner and light blast suddenly into they eye . Eva release Max , who fall to she knee . Eva fire rapidly at the light . bam ! bam ! bam ! a figure step into the light and fire back with one swift move . Eva be slam backward and slide in a crumpled heap across the floor . the pistol skitter and come to rest right in front of Max . the silhouette materialize out of the light ... lydecker . outside the lab the window explode outward as the kid crash through the glass in a suicide charge , drop twenty foot to the know below . they hit and roll , and come up sprinting . jondy pull Max with she as they pelt for the treeline . on young max run . she pound through the snow , toward camera , until she be just a rhythmic blur and -- max , in the present hunch against the bathroom wall , she tremor subside . the shudder have be replace by sob . tear stream down she face as she chest pitch , and she shudder with a pain of the soul the pill can not touch . CUT to : int . jam pony - day Max arrive for the day , cross to dispatch , a sober expression on she face , pass sketchy who offer -- sketchy f.y.i ... normal 's a grumpy muffin this morning . normal ( snarl to Max ) Nice of you to join we . Max do not respond . he shove a package at she . normal hot run to 842 beulah , corner of Haight ... and you can tell you pal theo he just get he worthless ass fire . not that he care but the wife and kid might . max ( simply ) theo 's dead . a revelation which freeze the room . normal just hang there , not know what to say . Max take the package out of he hand , go . but she attention be divert by a news bulletin on tv . angle on tv news anchor ( on monitor ) two man be dead , and another critically wounded after a shoot - out near the Superior Court Building today . a police air-remote unit capture this dramatic footage at 9:47 this morning , after automatically home on the sound of gunfire . a monochromatic aerial shot of the downtown area . it be a feed from the police hoverdrone , and the image be overlaid with some alphanumeric data like the target video from a jet fighter weapon system . the image slew suddenly in a whip pan as the robot react to the first shot fire . it stabilize and zoom in on a dark suburban which be ramming a car and try to force it to the curb . a second suburban pull out of a alley and block the car 's path . the car skid to a stop . it be all see from almost directly overhead , like a football play . the door of the suburban fly open and four gunman pile out , wear ski-mask and carry machine pistol . they converge on the car , fire . the car 's window erupt with white starburst , the weapon smoke and flash , but no sound accompany the image . two bodyguard leap from the car , fire at the gunman . they be wear heavy kevlar vest , as be the attacker . a back door of the car open and a man emerge , yanking a child out onto the street . he shield she with he body as he start to run . the image jerk and slew as the aerial robot circle the scene . tight on max ... as it dawns on she what she be see . a woman have emerge from the back of the car , obviously scream and try to reach the child . one of the body guard shove she and appear to be yell at she to run . he be shot by one of the attacker and drop like a puppet with the string cut . the woman turn and sprint for she life . the man try to shield the little girl do not get far before one of the gunman run up behind he and hose he with a machine pistol . the man drop , cover the girl . tight close - up of max reacting to this , and to the certain dread that she know who the victim of the attack be . the remain bodyguard be lay down a wither field of fire , and one of the attacker fall . another be pin down behind the hood of the nearest suburban . the bodyguard be hit repeatedly and go down shoot , crumpling against the side of the car . the shot whip dizzily and steady ... show one of the mask killer , who seem to be in charge , calmly point and yell . one of the other grab the little girl and they walk back to the suburban . the one in charge help with wounded gunman into they vehicle . whip pan , a long blur , then the run woman again . dodging between car , almost get hit by one . she make it to a intersection and sprint to a bus stop where she leap onto a bus just as the door be close . as the bus pull away from the curb , the gunman run into frame and stop , obviously out of breath . he turn and wait calmly as one of the suburban pull up . before he get in , he look up , directly at the camera . he point to the other to indicate the surveillance robot , then raise he gun and aim carefully . a flash at the muzzle -- the image tilt crazily and start to spin . sketchy that be extreme ! do you see that one guy -- max shut-up ... sketchy and herbal look at Max , puzzle by she intensity . the driver license picture of the two man appear on the screen . the one on the leave be Peter , the bodyguard Max tussle with at Logan 's place . the other man be Logan cale . int . a office - day present be the two field operative see earlier post outside the laundromat , sandoval and dochnovich , be debrief by a man seat behind a desk . he 's silhouett against white - hot slat of California sun fight through partially close venetian blind . from the black glove hand sorting through a stack of grainy 8 X 10 surveillance photo , we know this be lydecker . sandoval we be set up on vogelsa thirty - six hour and so far , nothing . dochnovich a few customer complaint -- the dryer eat my money , rinse cycle 's not long enough , that kind of thing . sandoval and three or four p.i. client . strictly run of the mill . I do not think this guy can help we . the black glove sift through a pile of photograph take at vogelsa 's , hold the one of Max a moment before casting it aside . then , lydecker stand , pace -- lydecker ( muse aloud ) twenty - three computer hit from one detective . he browse Wyoming dmv record from ten year ago , employment file on health care personnel work in the gillette area around the same time . then he search prison record for unidentified male and female approximately eighteen to twenty year old . and you want I to believe it 's happenstance ? dochnovich since the pulse there have be how many thousand miss person search . this be probably one of they . sandoval and nothing in that search or we surveillance connect he with manticore . lydecker cross to a wall display a row of i.d. photograph of young kid with military haircut . we recognize Zack , jondy ... and Young Max . lydecker study the photo a long moment , shake he head . lydecker no . he 's try to track down this kid ... and we be not go to do anything to get in he way . CUT to : int . hospital supply room - night close on a window , be jimmied from the outside . it slowly slide open , revealing Max hang upsidedow . she reach in , grasp the window casement with each hand to steady herself , then gracefully somersault into the room , landing on both foot . she go to the door , open it a crack , peer out , then head into -- int . hospital corridor - night dimly light , dingy , Moscow General , circa 1999 . Max make she way down the corridor , pass a couple of corpse- laden gurney wait to be take to the morgue whenever somebody get around to it . she peer into a couple of hospital room at patient be warehouse more than heal . finally , she see what she 's look for and head into -- int . hospital room - night she approach a bed where Logan lie unconscious , hook up to monitor , bandage , i.v. 's run , etc . Max just look at he a beat , a dispassionate expression on she face , then without emotion -- max sure look like you piss off the wrong folk . she pull open the drawer to the bedside table , take out he wallet , go through it , but it 's empty . max ( shrug ) nurse beat I to it . she flop into a chair , put she foot up on the hospital bed , then opine wisely -- max coulda tell ya . you take a header into the deep end when the pool 's empty , you be gonna go splat . Law of gravity . and even Jesus Christ himself have to obey the law of gravity . for awhile anyway . well , better you than I . she hear something out in the hall , get to she foot , then press herself flat against the wall . through the doorway we see a orderly approach carry a tray of med . he slow as he pass Logan 's room , casting a long look at Logan 's comatose form , then continue on . after a moment , Max continue -- max the one I feel sorry for be that poor woman with the kid . she shoulda tell ya to stick it like I do . but she buy you crap about " doin ' what 's right " ... dumb bitch . as Max cross to the window , lift a slat of the venetian blind and peer out into the night -- max and just so you know , I do not feel the slight guilt about not watchin ' she back . that 's on you , hotshot . one hundred percent . max's Pov in she night vision she see a figure move furtively on the roof across the street . she watch as the figure remove a rifle from its case , then screw on a scope . she can make out the feature of a not unattractive man in he late 20' . Max turn away , then nonchalantly walk over to Logan 's bed and begin to maneuver it toward the door . max I probably oughta let them just finish the job . least then you will not get more innocent people whacked on accounta you ambition ... on the other hand -- as she wheel he out into -- int . hospital corridor - night max you do lay that statue on I . she yank the toe-tag off one of the corpse and maneuver its gurney into Logan 's room . max which I be able to fence for a coupla buck -- int . hospital room - night Max wheel in the gurney , position it where Logan 's bed have be , then quickly scoot back out into -- int . hospital corridor - night max be wantin ' to buy myself a new motorcycle . and duck into a room across the hall just as a gunman step out of the stairwell , spray Logan 's room with machine gun fire , then vanish back into the stairwell . after a beat , Max re-emerges into the hall . then , address Logan -- max think about step up to a harley ... you take care . as Max head for the exit past we orderly , who come run at the sound of all the commotion -- CUT to : int . logan' apartment - night dark. empty . then a SOUND as Max navigate through the darkness to Logan 's computer console -- command central for he information network . Max take a seat , log on , access Logan 's myriad data file . s-o-n-r-i-s-a , e-d-g-a-r a file come up on screen . Max click on -- employees / associate and begin scrolling through the file of mug shot of sonrisa 's enforcer , lieutenant , etc . -- a generally loathsome crew -- max make I wanna take a shower . then -- max bingo ... on screen be the face of the shooter , cold , merciless . Max look up at a sound come from down the hall . she listen a moment , then after a beat she push away from the console and go to investigate . hear the creak of a floorboard , she snag a vase off the mantle , raise it like a truncheon and continue into -- int . hallway - night Max negotiate the darkness , she back against the wall . suddenly , a figure lunge at she . Max duck , catch the assailant by the throat , pin he to the wall , about to deliver a cranium crack with the vase when she recognize lauren . max damn ... be you alright ? lauren they take my daughter . max I know . lauren I could not get to she . it all happen so fast . Logan have she , and I see he fall ... then Peter tell I to run . and then he ... and I remember so clearly , think it 's I they want . if I run , maybe they will come after I . maybe they will not think about she ... so I run ... lauren dissolves in tear . after a beat -- max they will not hurt she . lauren want desperately to believe she but can not . Max press reassurance . max you daughter 's the only leverage they have to keep you quiet . lauren can you help I get she back ? max look , I would really like to ... Max can not muster the courage to venture a " but " as she look into the woman 's implore eye . max ... so I will . off which -- CUT to : int . study - night back at the computer console . Max indicate to lauren the mug shot on the screen . max the shooter who try to finish off Logan ... Works for sonrisa , surprise , surprise . ( read ) bruno anselmo . bear 1990 , serve in Iraq , dishonorable discharge , armed robbery , assault , assault with a deadly weapon , arson , attempt rape -- you basic renaissance dirt bag . but lauren be too absorb by worry to pay attention . lauren if I give myself up in exchange for sophy , would you make sure she 's okay ? max we be not go that route . sonrisa 's not someone you make deal with . lauren what else can we do ? max like I say -- this be not my regular line of work so I be make it up as I go . off Max -- CUT to : ext . sonrisa's estate - pacific height - night a limo pull up to the gate of a extravagant , fade victorian manor . the window go down and the steroid case stand guard address the driver . driver Mayor steckler to see mister sonrisa . the guard shine a flashlight into the limousine , look inside warily at mayor leopold steckler , who squint into the blind beam of light . after a beat -- steroid case I will need to search the trunk . the driver pop the latch and the steroid case move to the rear of the car . in b.g. a bus rumble past . pick up and stay with the bus as Max , atop the vehicle , come into view as she get to she foot . the bus continue down the block and Max somersault from the roof of the bus over the ten foot wall surround sonrisa 's estate onto -- int . ground - night where Max land and roll onto she foot in a low crouch . Security be tight as assort armed personnel patrol the perimeter of the fade victorian palazzo , where a party be underway . Max make she way across the grounds but freeze as a mobile robotic security drine roll across the grass towards she , sweeping the area with laser beam to detect intruder , much as a lighthouse scour the seascape with its beacon . Max dive to the ground just as the laser rake where she have be stand . she roll out of the way as another beam sweep the ground . she bolt toward the house , leap and grab a tree limb , swinging herself upward like a acrobat , barely clear another beam . Max scale the tree , then jump onto a balcony and disappear into a open window . int . mansion hallway - night as Max climb into a upstairs hallway , make she way to a bedroom , poke she head in , see it 's empty , then continue down the hall . in b.g. hear the sound of the party downstairs . Max stop at the sound of voice and approach footstep , then dive into -- int . bathroom - night where a bleach - blonde , late 20' , in a little red dress and fuck - I pump ( a look which , like cockroach and cher have survive the apocalypse ) stand at the sink readying a syringe . without look up -- blonde it 's not what it look like . I be diabetic . the blonde look up , see Max , who look out of place in boot , jeans , and black leather jacket . blonde who be you ? max bruno 's girlfriend . blonde oh , yeah ? max yeah . blonde but see tonight wife and girlfriend be not invite . max no ? blonde no ... Cause tonight the girl be here in a more or less professional capacity . all of they work for I , and you do not ... let 's go . the blonde start to move Max toward the door . max okay , okay . I can explain ... you ever have to do something you really do not want to ? blonde how I make my live , what 's you point ? max this . Max haul off and catch the blonde across the jaw with a roundhouse that lay she out cold . CUT to : int . mansion hallway - night Max emerge wear the red dress , shoe , and the little work girl purse sling over one shoulder . go room to room , Max resume she search for the miss girl . int . sonrisa's mansion - night Max head down the staircase to the main floor where the party be in full swing . Young woman mingle with sonrisa 's croney , yes -men , puppet , etc . Max try to look nonchalant as she navigate the room . she notice surveillance camera place discreetly around the room . as Max lean against the bar for a moment , one of the other girl , a slightly drunk redhead , eye she appraisingly , nodd approval . redhead girl , you work that dress . Max smile and then edge toward the other wing of the house in order to resume she search . as she approach the corridor , a hand catch she by the arm . voice ( o.c . ) do not rush off . the hand belong to the hitman , bruno anselmo . bruno Mr. sonrisa see you on the camera . he want you to come see he . max I be on a break . bruno guess again . as bruno catch she by the elbow and steer she upstairs . fade out . end of act VI act VII fade in : int . mansion study - night ( day four ) Max be ushere in as a poker game between edgar sonrisa and two other man be end . a couple of escort sit with sonrisa 's buddy , one of whom be the mayor , but he be alone . behind he be a array of surveillance monitor , with view of the house and grounds . sonrisa fan he hand on the table . sonrisa the only thing better than four queen be ... ( off Max 's entrance ) ... five . over here next to I ... for luck . Max saunter over , and all eye be on she . max yeah , I can see to it you win streak continue . sonrisa I will bet you can . ( indicate chair next to he ) sit. she do not . max not right now . sonrisa ( amused , intrigue ) not right now ? okay , when ? max right after you change you wardrobe , you personality and drop about thirty pound . sonrisa quite a mouth on a girl so young ... ( grab she wrist ) ... but my guess be talk be not what it do best . max only way you be ever gonna find out be reincarnation ... fact be , you be gonna pay I , and I be gonna provide you with a service . sonrisa I actually know how this work . max you be gonna pay I fifty thousand dollar ... sonrisa laugh hugely at the joke . max and I be gonna give you lauren braganza . sonrisa stop in mid-laugh . his eye go flinty . sonrisa ( to other ) give we a minute . ( escort and poker player hesitate ) out ! they leave , except bruno . when the door close , he pull he pistol and train it on she . sonrisa check she . bruno slam she in the middle of the back and Max 's hand slap , palm - down on the table . he hold the gun on she , then slide he free hand down she body , he finger knead the sheer dress , search . close - up of max as bruno search she out of frame . Max seem utterly unperturb by what be obviously a intimate search . sonrisa who be you ? max what , you gonna put I on you Christmas card list ? bruno search she purse , pull out the syringe , hold it up for he boss to see . sonrisa ( shrug ) why I always use condom . bruno put the work back in she purse . bruno no wire . max now that that 's out of the way ... you want the woman , here 's how it work . you pull fifty large out of you mattress or wherever , and I make a call to bring she in . bruno grab she brutally by the hair , yanking she head back . bruno or we can work on you face with a pair of plier for a couple of hour and you tell we where she be . max or we could go another way ' cause you boss seem to like my face just the way it be . sonrisa be fascinate now by this impudent creature . he nod to bruno who release she . max the plan be I call she cell number to okay a meet at a certain location . sonrisa consider this a moment . max look , you be a player ... I be bring you this on a plate , and my fee be just the normal cost of do business . sonrisa ( to bruno ) pull the cash . bruno I do not like this -- sonrisa get it . bruno cross the room to a floor safe behind the bar . sonrisa so , how do you get the woman to come to I ? max I tell she it 's just business to you , that all you want be a reasonable solution to this . you give she daughter back , she agree to leave the country . I play the guarantor , drive she down to Mexico tonight , and put she on a train to Brazil or wherever . sonrisa and she buy that ? max I have sincere eye . bruno come back with a handful of ten thousand dollar packet of hundred . sonrisa make the call . max she 's gonna need to know that she little girl 's alright . sonrisa she 's get my word . max she 's gonna want to hear for herself . Max hit the button on the speaker phone on sonrisa 's desk and we hear a dial tone . max ( dial ) look , we gotta keep the momentum up here , not give she a chance to think . if she hear she kid 's voice ... lauren ( v.o. ) hello ... max hang on , lauren . we be conference in sophy . Max gesture toward the box that it 's he move . sonrisa consider for a second , then go to the phone , press the conference button . we hear another dial tone as sonrisa hit a speed dial button . close on max she back to the phone , concentrate as she memorize the rapid-fire series of beep tone . 5-7-5-0-8-1-8-3-2-0-3-4 - 6 - 1 , then -- man' voice ( v.o. ) yeah ? sonrisa put the kid on . as sonrisa hit the conference button , connect call -- CUT to : int . warehouse - night it 's one of sonrisa 's man , he arm bandage after sustain a gunshot wound during the attack . also present be five more of sonrisa 's man who have go to the mattress in the wake of the gun battle . the man proffer the phone to sophy , who hesitantly take it , then -- sophy hello ... intercut int . logan' apartment - night lauren pace , overwrought , talk on a cell phone . lauren sophy ? be you okay ? sophy mommy , where be you ? lauren do not worry , I be come to get you . sophy when ? lauren soon , baby . sophy mommy , I be scared . lauren there 's nothing to be afraid of . everything 's go to be alright . int . sonrisa's office - night as sonrisa reach over and tap the disconnect button -- lauren ( v.o. ) I love y-- dial tone . sonrisa take the money from bruno and put it in front of Max , but he rest he hand on top of it . max ( indicate the money ) can you put that in a bag or something ? sonrisa you get it when I get she . max okay ...idea . compromise , right ? bruno here come with I . he hold the money until mommy show up , then we close escrow . what you do with she after I be go do not keep I awake night . sonrisa consider this a moment , then put the money in a manila envelope , toss it to bruno . sonrisa ( to Max ) you better hope you be as smart as you think you be . Max just smile and steer she pump toward the door , bruno in tow . only as she be walk out do we see what they do not ... Max breathes a huge sigh of relief that the play work and she 's make it this far . CUT to : ext . motel parking lot - night a car pull in , bruno at the wheel . he survey what clearly be a hot bunk house . bruno look , that thing about the plier , I be just do what the man pay I to do . ya know ? comin ' off hard . max yeah , sure , I understand . Max bang out of the car and head toward the motel room , fishing for the key . bruno draw the sig from he waistband as he follow she into the room . int . motel room - night Max turn on the light and bruno scan the dingy room . pistol at low -ready , bruno quickly cross to the bathroom and check it , behind the door and shower curtain , and then look in the tiny closet . bruno I never woulda do it . probably not , anyway . I mean , I actually think you be pretty cool . max yeah ? bruno sit on the bed . he smile . smooth the crummy comforter with one hand . bruno you be attractive , you be smart . stand on you own two foot , know what I mean ? and you get a wick sense of humor . man , you really zinge the boss a couple time , it be all I could do -- max ( brightly ) sooo ... whattya think ? maybe after I betray the woman who trust I and you take she and she daughter out and execute they ... we could go on a date . play a little miniature golf or somethin' . bruno 's eye narrow . he get it . bruno man , you get a bad attitude . max I like to keep it professional , that 's all . bruno start screwing a big sound suppressor onto the barrel of he sig . bruno Fine . so call she . get she over here . max actually , that 's not gonna be necessary . bruno what ? max that 's not why we be here . bruno what the hell be you talkin ' about ? call she . he throw the room phone toward she forcefully . Max catch it , and rest it in she lap . max geez , you be so stupid the word special come to mind . they recruit you off the short bus ? bruno raise the pistol , he body rigid with anger . bruno call the skank now or I start redecorate . max you have not figure this out yet , have you ? you walk in here think you be gonna cap she then cap I and take the money back to you boss with you tail wag ... but see it 's really the other way around . you think I be the whack , when actually you be the whack . bruno glance around , feel danger all around he . this be get weird . max see what you do not know be you be already in the last two minute of you life . bruno you be in the last two second , you do not cut the crap . keeping the gun train on she , he cross to the front window and look out between drape and window frame . no movement in the parking lot . he flip off the light . max sonrisa have no choice but to call I in , ' cause you lack the professional edge , bruno . any real pro would have pop I already , the second he see this thing go sideways , and you be still stand there figure out what to do . it 's pathetic . bruno , enraged , straighten he arm to fire at she , but -- he go into slow motion and -- Max be blur sideways as the bullet rip a hole in the air where she just be and -- bruno , as if underwater , try to re-aim , but -- Max be on he , twist he arm until the gun be wrench free . max see. pathetic . she bitch -slap he backhand , then hand the gun back to he . max come on , you be not even try . bruno look at she stunne for a second . then he whip the gun up -- but he decelerate in slow motion as -- Max leap past he and -- the silence gun cough pfft ! pfft ! pfft ! try to track she , but -- she land behind bruno and catch he gun arm as he spin toward she , wrenching he arm behind he back and painfully extract the gun a second time . she toss it on the floor . then she spin he away from she , stop he at arm 's length ... a unwilling dance partner . max bruno , bruno , bruno . be that all you have get ? she yank hard , fling he across the bed into the nightstand . he come up like a gutshot bear , eye full of fury , and lunge at she -- Max drop he with one sweeping kick . max the man be right , you be a liability . Max pull a lamp off the dresser and start hog-ty he with the cord . max you can hardly blame he , the way you have be take care of business ... or should I say , not take care of it . bruno ( face down in the carpet ) what be you talkin ' about ? max I be hire to do a piece of work , my mark go down and stay down . you 's make it to the hospital where you then gotta go finish the job . only the cop get the whole thing on video tape . bruno that 's a lotta crap . max Security camera get you come outta the stairwell , weapon in you hand , go to room one - oh- four and grease the patient . it 's embarrassing to the professional community , be what it be . bruno how come I never hearda you before ? max I be outta Portland . sonrisa do not want local talent . she pick up the money off the bed and hold it in front of he nose . max this be what you life 's worth , bruno . bruno but the boss know I always be loyal . max he 's get exposure . he see you starin ' at fifteen to life , there 's a chance you could roll over , cop a plea , who know ? man 's figure the odd ... and he can not take a chance . Max reach down , unbuckle he pants and pull they down . max ass like you , I can see why he 's worried you will punk . bruno what the hell be you do ? max ( be : tattoo on he ass ) who 's Camille ? bruno none of you business . max this will not hurt . triple dose of insulin , you will go into a coma , couple minute you will stop breathe and on a busy night , the coroner will probably mistake it for a o.d. plus , it 's way classier than blowin ' you brain out . Max turn away , retrieve the insulin and work from the hooker 's purse , then dose up the syringe . she keep one eye in the mirror to watch bruno , who be eyeing the gun lie near he on the floor . he wriggle free and make he move as Max turn toward he . bruno come up with the gun and Max feign surprise , leaping for the door . bruno stagger , fall , he pants around he knee , hand tie . he struggle back up , cranking off a round as Max bolt out into -- ext . motel parking lot - night Max sprint across the parking lot , bruno in pursuit , still struggle with he trousers . he squeeze off another round which Max duck as she head for the motel swim pool . Max look back as bruno fire again . Max spin , howl in pain as if hit , and fall backward into the pool , she inert form sink in the black water . bruno walk up to confirm the kill . cinch up he pants , he sit on the diving board , pistol loose in one hand as he eye Max 's body at the bottom of the deep end . he light up a cigarette , he hand shaking . he take a drag and sit . fade out . end of act VII act VIII fade in : ext . motel - night ( day four ) bruno finish he smoke , look at Max 's inert form at the bottom of the pool as he work himself up , sputtering under he breath . bruno double-cross sonuvabitch think I would roll on he ... I be gonna do a helluva lot more than that . he angrily throw the cigarette into the water , then cross the parking lot to he car , get in and drive off . after a beat , Max surface . see the coast be clear , she glide to the edge of the pool , pull herself out and run back into -- int . motel room - night Max race in , frantically dial the phone . after a beat -- max this be you punk - ass client ... intercut : int . vogelsang's office - night vogelsa , he ear to the phone -- max ( v.o. ) I need a favor ... I need you to trace a number for I . vogelsang sure you wanna be havin ' this conversation over the phone ? max ( v.o. ) just do it ... five -seven-five - oh - eight ... flashcut Max memorize the beep tone in sonrisa 's office . max ( v.o. ) ...one - eight - three -two-zero . as vogelsa tap the number into he computer . vogelsang whoa ... whoa ... slow down ... three - two - what be it ? CUT to : int . surveillance van - night lydecker hover over a technician monitoring the phone call . he listen intently , he eye flash with excitement . max ( v.o. ) Zero ... c'mon , Dan I do not have all day . vogelsang ( v.o. ) get a pencil ? max ( v.o. ) just give it to I . I will remember . vogelsang ( v.o. ) one-seven-four-nine-five natoma . max ( v.o. ) I be on my way . as lydecker fly into action . CUT to : int . vogelsang's office - night vogelsang you best bet 's probably to take fremont to the second light -- but the phone click in the p.i. 's ear as Max hang up . int . motel room - night as Max race out the door . CUT to : ext . alley - night Max , change now into she signature midnight - creep outfit , cruise she motorcycle quietly to a stop in the shadow . she dismount , she manner alert and wary . ext . warehouse build - night boom down off a sign read " natoma Street . " a dark figure emerge from a alley and move quickly across the street . moving with max as she cross to a deeply shadow door of the warehouse . she scan the empty street , look up at the building around she . there be nobody in sight . Max pull out she pick tool and go to work on the lock , all the while listen and scan around she . car headlight from two block away sweep across she . she turn toward it and -- close up on max we briefly see she eye light up with the green cat retina reflection . the sound of the car fade , and she turn back to she work . nightvision the street be bright as day and lurid green . it be from high up , and definitely not Max 's Pov , because Max be a small figure completely visible hunch in the doorway , work on the lock . she get the door open and slip stealthily inside . tight on scope as it be lower , revealing lydecker . lydecker I want a full perimeter seal . and nobody go in until I say . wider , show that lydecker be address the leader of a contingent of black - clad federal tactical ops officer who be crouch along the roof parapet wall of a building across the street from the warehouse . tac leader it 's one girl . why do not we just take she when she walk out the door ? lydecker listen to I carefully . when you have the street lock off in front and back , plus the alley on both side , and when you have a man on every door , window , airvent , mail slot and rathole around this building , you come back and tell I you be ready . okey -dokey ? tac leader yes sir . he turn away , speak rapidly into he walkie and -- in the STREET below , three unmark black van pull up quickly . tight on booted feet hit the pavement . wider as squad of tac -op team member pour out and run on silent soft - sole shoe to position around the building . various angle as the tac-ops squad deploy with hand signal , move like well coordinate ninjas . they be anonymous in they black fatigue , ballistic vest and gasmasks . they carry submachine gun , and they utility harness be dress with flash - bang and gas grenade . int . warehouse - night Max move silently through the aisle of stack pack case . she peer around the corner at the office block of the warehouse , which be a island of fluorescent light in the dark gallery . Inside , sonrisa 's man be loung around . as if sense something , she peer into the darkness behind she , then turn and study sonrisa 's man . int . office - night the muscle squad be watch two fighter beat the crap out of each other on HBO . none of they be more than a few foot from a machine gun or a shotgun . lead thug get in there you mutt ! hit them again . you pussy ! in a darken officer next door , sophy lie awake on a bed , she tiny wrist handcuff to the frame . she have be cry , but she be out of tear . ext . warehouse - night Dark figure move in the shadow . climb quietly up fire escape . move rapidly to take up position at window and load door . on the roof above , tac - ops guy hustle into position and scan the area with nightvision scope . it 's like a high tech version of the end of butch cassidy . we follow a lone tac trooper as he cat-step along a second floor landing . he move up on a filthy window and peer into the black open where the glass have be smashed out . he flip down he nightvision , attach to a band above he gasmask , and scan the interior . nightvision Pov of the warehouse interior . we see the office area , and sonrisa 's man inside . the green nightvision pan , sweeping the aisle of the warehouse for a glimpse of Max . suddenly the image go dark . angle on the tac trooper from inside the window . a hand be block he goggle . Max 's hand . she be just inside the window , press up against the wall , black on black in the shadow . the trooper whip he goggle up to look and -- wham ! she rap the guy head sideways into the brick windowframe , then grab he fast and yank he inside . Max ease he to the balcony floor , look around . she wait in the darkness to see if anyone have hear , then turn she attention to the fall tac -op trooper . int . warehouse - night the kidnap team be into the fight . lead thug go! go ! aw jeeeez , do you see that ? you be a waste 'a clothes , you punk . I give up . ext . warehouse - night close -up lydecker as he speak into the microphone -- lydecker standby . full breach on my count . Three , two -- int . warehouse - night ka-blam ! the door be blast inward by squad with steel batter ram . blam ! blam ! blam ! Three flash - bang go off , blind sonrisa 's man in the office . tac guy pour into the building from all direction . tac - ops leader yell at the top of he lung -- tac leader Federal officer ! on the floor ! now ! but sonrisa 's man be serious hardass . shotgun , pistol and machine gun come up and -- all of a sudden the tac guy be face a phalanx of heavy iron . Way more than they bargain for . tac leader Drop you weapon ! now ! lead thug no ! you drop yours ! tac leader drop the weapon !!! lead thug why not you come and get them !! int . officer adjacent - night a tac -op officer cross rapidly in a crouch -run to sophy and unlatch the handcuffs . sophy be scoop up off the bed , just as -- baddabam !! all hell break loose in the next room . Flying glass , hunk of explode plaster and flash of gunfire pursue the dark figure run out of the office with the little girl tightly cradle . tight cut of gangster fire . the tac guy blast back . one fire round from a rotary gas grenade launcher kachunk ! kachunk ! shout and pandemonium in the swirl tear gas , light by flash of gunfire and flash - bang grenade . we hear the tac- ops guy yell at the gangster , the gangster yell at the tac guy . running figure in the smoke . tracking back with a single tac team member who emerge from the roiling gas carry sophy . we move in , and see Max 's eye behind the gas-mask . sophy be cough from the gas . the camera whip and follows as Max stride toward the open door . ext . warehouse - night more tac -op man be run toward the fight , head in the door as Max emerge . they do not look twice at she . tracking with max as she walk away from the door . reverse , her Pov in slow motion as a figure stand right in front of she turn . it be the man who kill she sister Eva , who shot she right in front of Max at the genedyne lab all that year ago ... lydecker . close - up of max she eye full of a sudden , unreason fear . she be about to pass this man who have haunt she seizure - dream for eleven year , and time seem to dilate infinitely . lydecker look right at she , seem to look right into she eye , into she soul . then he glance down at the cough little girl , and turn he attention toward the building . he do not even see she . Max walk on , unchallenge , out of frame . int . warehouse - night the tac-ops team close in on the remain gangster . the lead thug , kneel behind a desk amongst shattered glass and plaster , throw out he empty Mac ten , still yell belligerently . lead thug alright ! alright ! alright ! jeeezz !! a crowd of black figure swarm over he , slamm he into the ground . ext . warehouse - night close - up of lydecker now in real time . see from behind , he black glove hand hold up he walkie-talkie . lydecker tac - one , what 's you status ? do you have she or not ? tac leader ( v.o. ) negative . we do not have the subject . repeat , we do not have the subject . lydecker turn slowly , toward camera ... look in the direction Max go . his eye narrow with a dawn realization . we hear Max 's motorcycle revving quickly through the gear as it scream off into the night . CUT to : ext . sonrisa's mansion - night bruno 's car pull up to the main gate . he address the guard -- bruno need to see the boss . guard he do not wanna be disturb . bruno it 's kinda important . guard ( shrug ) sorry . bruno nod , resign , put the car in reverse , turn around as if back up , then suddenly grab the guard by the shirt collar , pull he into the car and close the electric window on he neck . the car screech backward , drag the guard into the middle of the street . bruno punch he in the face , then open the window and the guard collapse in a heap , unconscious . then bruno blithely shift gear and drive onto the grounds of the estate . CUT to : int . mansion study - night throughout the follow , on the bank of monitor in b.g. see bruno , move monitor to monitor as he make he way from the front door , through the house toward sonrisa 's study . meanwhile , the redhead , she hair pull back in a long braid , sit in a chair , roll she head languidly as sonrisa stand behind she rub she neck with one hand , a snifter of brandy in the other . close on redhead as sonrisa set down he drink . redhead right there ... oooh , that feel good . and then there 's a sound -- a distinct snip . the girl sit up with a start , look at horror at sonrisa , a pair of scissors in one hand , she braid in the other . sonrisa I like you better this way . CUT to : int . hallway outside study - night bruno stop at the door , grab he weapon , then reach for the door knob . CUT to : ext . mansion - night Max be on she motorcycle , sophy on the back . as the motorcycle glide past the mansion , see two flash of blue light in a upstairs window accompany by the sharp report of gunfire . as Max and sophy head off into the night -- dissolve to : ext . STREET - night close on a traffic light as it turn red . pan down to Max and sophy as they motorcycle roll to a stop at a intersection adjacent to Logan 's building . sophy see something , clamber off the bike and run toward she mother , who 's exite Logan 's building down the block . sophy mommie ... lauren look up , see she little girl and race toward she with outstretch arm . lauren sophy ... from a remove that be both emotional and physical , Max watch as the mother scoops she child up into she arm and just hold she , tear stream down she face . after a long moment , lauren look over to Max , offer a simple -- lauren thank you ... but Max have take off down the street , pop a wheelie for a block or so before she disappear into the night . off lauren and sophy as we -- dissolve to : int . jam pony x- PRESS - day ( day five ) close on tv footage of sonrisa 's mansion tape off as a crime scene . reporter ( v.o. ) businessman Edgar sonrisa be cut down in a hail of gunfire at he Pacific Heights mansion late last night . pick up and stay with a messenger who enter with a box tuck under one arm . he cross through the throng of employee get they morning assignment from normal at dispatch . reporter ( v.o. ) eyewitness identify the assailant as thirty - two year old bruno anselmo who die at the scene when bodyguard for the repute crime boss return fire . Police be investigate . messenger Delivery for jam pony . need a signature . normal sign the form . messenger that will be a hundred twenty seven dollar . normal for what ? messenger C -o- D. ( off the form ) from ratterman 's mortuary . normal you be mistaken -- messenger no ... ( check the form ) thelonius argentary at this address . a.k.a . that 's theo in there ? a.k.a. reach for the box . messenger not until I get my money . all eye fall on normal who grow uncomfortable under the gaze . normal what be you lookin ' at I for ? I be not he next of kin . anyway , I do not get that kind of cash lyin ' around . herbal theo ride for this place a long time , man . with that herbal think pick up a waste basket , dump it 's content on the floor , toss a wad of bill into it and pass it along . follow the waste basket as it go hand to hand . pan across the somber face of sketchy , druid , a.k.a. , Three -sixty and finally Max , each one contribute whatever 's in they pocket . normal finally relent , fish for some cash and reach toward the basket . but herbal think catch he arm . herbal keep you money , mon . we can take care of we own . Max hand the basket to the messenger , take the box of ash . max I will make sure this get to he family . she go . sketchy gonna miss theo . druid ( nod ) a righteous dude . after a beat -- sketchy so , who get he bike ? off which -- dissolve to : two month later int . logan' apartment - day Logan in a wheelchair at he computer console , as he finish pixelate he next computer hack to obscure he identity . logan ( v.o. ) this have be a video free America bulletin via the eye only informant Net ... peace . he sense something and turn he wheelchair to see Max . max see you be back and still rock the boat . logan somebody 's get to . he just look at she , then after a beat -- max I would have come sooner , but ... I do not ... how're you doin ' ? logan not in any pain ... the good and bad news of a blow out spinal cord . max I be sorry . logan my mother use to say the universe be right on schedule . everything happen like it 's suppose to . max you believe that ? logan I have never be much for try to understand why bad thing happen , I just know they do . so the job 's to figure out how to deal with the consequence . which you do ... you take that sonuvabitch out . max ( modest ) well , not I personally . logan on accounta you , sonrisa do not get to buy off the jury , or kill the judge . he 's go . once and for all . it be war , Max , and you win . max that 's what soldier do , right ? Logan hand Max a box . max what 's this ? logan open it . she open the box , pull out the egyptian statue . logan it turn up on the black market . one of my source think I might be interested . max ( clearly move ) I do not know what to say . logan deed , not word . I need you help . as he wheel himself over to he computer -- logan forty -seven people drown last night off the coast of Vancouver after pay smuggler twenty thousand apiece to get into Canada so they could get work in order to eat . only they get march overboard at gunpoint instead . max look , thank you for this but -- he hit a button on he computer keyboard , scrolling through photograph of young girl . logan this girl , kidnap during the last month and sell overseas to the high bidder . the oldest be twelve . the youngest about the same age you be when you escape . max and I feel real bad about all that but it do not mean I need to get involved . logan you be involved . by be alive you be involved . max we be quote Mom again . logan maybe we get screw outta live in a time when we could sit in a cafe , sip we latte wear two thousand dollar wrist watch while we plan we next vacation . but the world get a whole lot meaner all of a sudden . be not s'pose to , but it do . and it 's back to the law of the jungle . you get you predator and you get you victim . max and you still think you can do something to change that . logan with you help . max civilization as we know it be unravel before we eye . but Logan and Max , with a song in they heart be gonna march into battle to keep that from happen . logan and whether you want to believe it or not , you already fire the first shot . ( then ) on another matter , Federal correction use to keep record on distinguishing mark -- scar , tattoo . I do a search and come up with this . he hand she a picture of a bar-code on a man 's neck . then a mug shot -- insert on the photo a handsome kid , late teens . Max study it , she eye well up with tear . logan that be take nine year ago ... i.d. would as Michael hanover . sentence to 18 month in the state Penn at rawlins , Wyoming for armed robbery . he escape from custody after 4 day . have not be see or hear from since . max Zack ... he make it ... he 's alive ... off Max -- dissolve to : ext . golden gate bridge - night once again seat atop one of the tower of the Golden Gate Bridge , the city of San Francisco glimmer in the background . Max be lose in think , then after a beat -- max ( v.o. ) I know it ... I always know he be out there somewhere ... after a long beat , she sigh , then -- max ( v.o. ) meanwhile , I get Logan on my ass about this people and all they problem and how screw up the world be and how we gotta go out there and turn the mother around ... like I even care . then Max turn , look off into the night sky , she dark eye flash , she hair alive in the wind as we -- fade to black . the end