pineapple express written by judd apatow , Seth rogen &amp ; Evan Goldberg November 28 , 2006 ext . farmland - dawn in black and white , a black 1930s cadillac speed down the only visible road amidst endless plain of farmland . the road curve sharply ahead - the car accelerate . ignoring the turn , the caddy drive directly off the road and through a massive field of emptiness . the car abruptly stop in the middle of the vacant field . general brat ( 58 , a patch cover one of he eye ) and agent black suit ( a agent in a black suit ) step out of the car . although there be clearly nothing in sight for mile , the General scan he surroundings with concern . title card up : the past agent Black suit crouch down and pull open a metal hatch in the ground . both man walk down the hatch and into the earth . int . underground facility - moment later they descend a metal staircase and walk with great urgency down a narrow corridor . the hallway spill into a hauntingly huge metal room with a lone scientist stand in the middle . the scientist immediately begin lead they across the room . general brat when do it start ? scientist at 05:00 . we be seven minute in . int . observation lab - continuous the three man enter a large room divide by a one - way mirror . on they side , numerous scientist , utilize several archaic device , be busy at work monitoring the subject on the other side of the mirror . the subject : private miller ( 22 , naive and dutiful ) sit at a small table with a microphone on it . Miller raise he hand , revealing a smolder joint . 2 he take a long and awkward hit from the joint and burst into a cough fit . the scientist begin to scribble profusely as they device blink manically . General brat and agent Black suit exchange a concerned look . the General light a cigarette as the scientist step up to a small microphone in the corner . scientist ( into microphone ) private Miller , we be now go to ask you several question . how do you feel ? his voice boom through large speaker on Miller 's side of the room . Miller lean towards the microphone . private miller uh , I feel a little queer sir . but ... it 's good . good queer . ( beat ) sir. good queer , sir. the scientist scribble madly . one of they mumble into General brat 's ear . private miller ( cont 'd ) but ...uh... even though I feel queer , Sir , I should mention that I be also feel quite gay ... so , a little queer , but mostly gay . scientist private Miller . when you think of you superior , what emotion do you feel ? private miller ( hold out the joint ) this go out ... sir. scientist we will send someone in . now answer the question . a door open beside private Miller and a agent step out wear a intricate uniform that resemble a old fashioned diving suit , a air hose lead out the door that he come from . he slowly walk toward the private , who look at he in shock . scientist ( cont 'd ) ( o.s ) ( through speaker ) private Miller ? answer the question . 3 private miller oh ...um ... what be the question again ? the agent in the strange suit reach the private and hold a lighter up to the joint . scientist ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) what be you emotion towards you superior ? Miller pull at the joint until it be light again . the agent exit the room . private miller cough cough Fucking shit . ( beat ) well , now that I think of it , it 's strange that they be call my vsuperior ' . do that make I they `inferior ' ? I mean , that 's pretty fuck up . General brat scowl . general brat ( curtly to the scientist ) I have see enough . shut it down . bury the hatch , sell the land , and dispose of he . this never happen . instantly , the scientist start pack up they equipment . stare at Miller , General brat grab a red phone and dial . two Agents in the scuba-like suit emerge from behind Miller and start aggressively drag he away . private miller ( freaking out ) hey ! what the ... what be you guy do ! let go of I ! ( desperately look at the mirror ) Sir !!! Sir !!! help I !!! general ( into phone ) this be General brat . we have reach a final conclusion on item 9 . ( beat ) illegal . he hang up the phone . 4 CUT to black . title card up : the present int . dale' car - continuous dale denton ( late 20 , out of shape , slightly unkempt ) look out of place in he black suit as he drive he sit in he cluttere and wear old lady car . he smoke a joint while listen to talk radio . talk radio dj well , let 's look at the fact . financially , coin be better because they be cheaper , and environmentally , forget - about - it , coin win hand down . for that just join we , we be with caller Dale Denton discuss if America should lose the paper dollar bill . we see that Dale have a wireless ear piece in . dale of course not ! who want a pocket full of coin ? seriously . weigh down you pants , clang around . with all this unnecessary new security everywhere , we will be set off alarm leave and right ! talk radio dj we certainly do , Mr. Denton . crude , but to the point . next caller ! Dale put away he phone and pull up in front of a nice house . ext . front door - moment later Dale , wear a name tag that read " garth " , hold a clip board and wear a greenpeace hat , knock repeatedly on the door . a woman cautiously answer the door . woman um , I do not order a pizza . dale Excuse I , miss ? be you Sandra danby 5 woman uh... yea - Dale shove a envelope into she hand . dale sorry , miss , but you have fail to show up to you divorce proceedings 4 time under court order . you have be serve . woman oh great ! thanks a lot asshole ! Real clever ! go fuck yourself ! Dale dash back to he car as the upset woman start to open the envelope . int . dale' car - soon after Dale be drive and smoking a joint . he look at he check list - it be a list of people he serve that day . he 's only get a few leave . he listen to a different talk radio dj while play music from a tiny ipod boom box that sit in he passenger seat . talk radio dj 2 ... forget about Area 51 , roswell sighting , atlantis and the boogie man , let 's talk about real threat , threat to we home and security ... dale fuckin ' eh. his ipod start play hot steppa by ini kamoze . dale ( cont 'd ) Nice ! hot steppa ! Dale turn down the talk radio and puff away at he joint ; he enthusiastically dance in he car while sing along . dale ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) you think you know , chico / I know what bo , do not know / touch they up and go - uh oh ! / chi-chi-ch -chang !!! 6 int . office build - later Dale , wear a Zerox hat , walk into the building . secretary can I help you ? dale just here to check out some unit . the secretary nod and go back to she work . Dale casually waltze down the office hall look at the name on the door . he glance down at he clipboard , it read : walter tandum . he find the office and knock on the door . walter ( o.s. ) come in . Dale enter to see walter , a 40 year old accountant , seat at he desk . walter ( cont 'd ) oh ! hey there . be you here to fix the fax machine ? dale nope . Dale drop a blue envelope on walter 's desk . dale ( cont 'd ) you owe american Express $ 4068 dollar . sorry , but you have be serve . Dale turn and walk away . as he do , he notice a small kitchen . he enter and be delighted at the array of snack and beverage . he help himself . int . dale' car - later Dale be park at a look - out enjoy the food , smoking weed and have he ear piece in . radio dj 3 what give you the right to say that ? dale everything ! they should be able to collect garbage twice a week . why not ? ( more ) 7 dale ( cont 'd ) as a tax payer , can not I say that ? come get my garbage a bit more ! be that so f- ing crazy ? I be not ask for free beer Tuesday 's or anything . and the whole city would be more aesthetically pleasing and smell better . and do not pretend you can not smell it . ever be to New York ? great place , smell like piss , though . ( take a hit and start cough ) twice a week , cough might fix that . ( start cough harder ) hold on one sec . ext . hospital - later Dale get out of he car , follow by some plume of smoke , and go to he trunk . he chuckle as he take out a lab coat and walk towards the hospital . int . hospital - soon after Dale , look very professional in he lab coat , rush to reception . dale I need Dr. terrence , immediately . receptionist of course . one moment . the receptionist immediately pick up the phone . int . hospital - moment later dr . terrence run towards reception , where Dale be still wait . dr . terrence ( to Dale ) hi there , I do not think we have meet , I be - dale Dr. Edgar terrence . you be the guy who repeatedly refuse to take care of the monkey tree that spill onto you neighbor property . and now , because of that , you have be serve . 8 int . dale' car - later Dale hit a pipe . it be clear he strongly disagree with what the dj be say . talk radio dj ... stay in you own country . five simple word . and stay the hell out of mine ! I be not a racist , per se , but I be not some hippy tree humper . we see he ear piece and hear that he be on hold . dale let I through , damnit . ext . HOTEL - valet Dale , wear a chauffeur hat , stand by the main entrance hold a sign that read : josh corber . a man walk out of the hotel and , see the sign , approach Dale . corber my name 's corber . dale you be joshua Aaron corber ? corber ( overjoy ) get out of town ! clarice do this , do not she ? I be just tell she before I leave how I have never be in a limo . can you believe it ? 35 and I have never be in a limo . man ! it 's not stretch , be it ? Dale hand he a blue envelope . dale sorry , but you have be serve . Dale walk away . corber open the envelope and read it . corber ah fuck ! ( read more ) fuck ! you fuck asshole !!! fuck ! 9 Dale completely ignore corber as he dump the sign and walk out of the airport . then , a huge smile come across he face . he have notice a nearby Burger King . dale ( excited ) hey ! Nice . New chicken fries . he happily walk toward the food . int - dale' car - day Dale sit in he car outside a high school . a array of Burger King wrapper surround he as he roll a joint with the last of he weed on top of a batman comic . he light the joint and turn on the radio . radio dj ...3:09 in the pm and we - Dale turn off the radio , take one last haul , and then snub out the joint . he then pull out a small leather kit and sift through it 's content : handi-wipe , hand sanitizer , a little vial of cologne , visine , mouthwash and breath mint . Dale vigorously wipe he hand , face , and mouth with wet nap and then start futilely attempt to put visine in he blaze red eye . frustrate , he squirt visine all over he finger tip and simply rub they into he eye . he use the mouthwash , chew up a mint , dab on some cologne , and then get out of the car . ext . high school - continuous Dale walk towards the school . angie Dale ! Dale turn to see he attractive 19 year old girlfriend , angie anderson , walk towards he with she group of friend . she kiss he . angie ( cont 'd ) mmm. minty . angie' male friend yo Dale . `sup . 10 dale hey kyle. ( to Angie ) so , should we head back to my place and finish up the trilogy ? matrix : Revolution . whose it gonna be , Angie ? man or machine ? angie of course . but can we just head to my locker first ? I leave some stuff by mistake . dale sure . int . high school - soon after Dale and Angie walk hand in hand towards the locker . angie so , be you go to come over for dinner tomorrow , `cause my parent be beginning to think I make you up . dale well , yeah , I really want to meet they . tomorrow , tomorrow , tomorrow ... let I think . angie you do not have to feel weird about it . they know how old you be and they be fine with it . they just want to meet you and see that you be a cool guy and that I be not dating you just because you be older . dale of course . I know that . it 's just ... tomorrow 's tight . I have get a whole bunch of case that I can finish tomorrow . it 's probably go to take I into the night . angie fuck . well , then you have to just come over sometime this week or something , okay ? ` Cause it 's get weird for they . 11 dale I will . I promise . I be not try to avoid this , for real , I have just be crazy busy . teacher hello ? can I help you ? Dale and Angie turn to see a teacher , a guy about the same age as Dale . dale pardon ? teacher you can not just waltz in here and hit on the student . get out now before I - angie Mr. Edwards , he 's my boyfriend . Mr. Edwards look at Dale , then shoot Angie a confuse look . mr. edward this be you boyfriend ? how old be you , 30 ? dale 24 . mr. edward and you be dating a 18 year old ? angie I be 19 . I move here from Morocco . Dale do not know what to make of Mr. Edwards comment and look . mr. edward alright , well this school be for student and faculty only . Friends can not just stop by . dale dude , you may be a teacher here , but we be about the same age , so do not get all high and mighty . it 's not that weird . frankly , it 's natural . 12 mr. edward well , in that case , get off school property or I be call the Police liaison officer . Angie , no offense to you , but if this guy 's dating someone you age , it 's because nobody he age will date he . then , four handsome and fit student walk by . handsome student hey Angie . you be hilarious in drama today . Angie smile at the guy . Dale do not like how all this be go down . dale I will wait in the car . int . dale' car - moment later Dale and Angie sit in the park car make out . angie so , do you want to get some food ? dale no ... actually I can not . I have to go serve a guy . angie now ? dale yeah . it suck . I be sorry . we can hang out later though . you can come over . angie we will see if Neo be truly the one . they share a long kiss , and Angie get out of the car . Dale watch she walk away , then whip out he cell phone and hit speed dial . saul ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) yo ? 13 dale yo. it 's Dale . mind if I come by and pick up some shit ? int . saul' apartment - later saul silver be construct a cross - shape joint ( two joint that intersect one another ) . pot and paraphernalia be scattered all over the coffee table . a large " scarface " movie poster hang on the wall . there be a knock at the door and Dale enter . dale what 's up , saul . saul ( unpleasantly surprised ) what the fuck ?!? dale what ? saul I do not buzz you in . how the monkey do you get in here ? dale whoa ... sorry , man . someone just let I in . I - saul that 's fuck up , man ! this building be fill with fuckin ' asshole . what else be the buzzer for ? fuck . dale I will buzz next time , man . I be real sorry . I be just not familiar with you , uh ... protocol yet . saul hey , stuff you sorry 's i n a sack , bro . we be always cool . it 's that fuckin ' jaggoff . dale um ...sure . Dale awkwardly sit down on the other side of the couch . 14 saul brass tacs . I have get this new bud . unfortunately , it 's a few more bone , but fortunately , it 's hand down the dopest fuckin ' shit I ever smoke . and I have smoke some dope fuckin ' shit . dale better than that Blue oyster weed ? saul dude. seriously . it 's like if that Blue oyster shit and the afghan kush I get have a baby , and meanwhile , the craziest Northern light and that red- ass espresso snowflake have a baby , and then by some miracle that baby meet , and fuck - then this would be the shit they would birth . saul pull out a big bag of weed . he place it on the coffee table as though it be he child . he pull out a large bud . saul ( cont 'd ) smell it . Dale take the weed and look at it . it look spectacular . Bright red hair and large crystal , huge purple and blue leave - just spectacular ! Dale smell it and be take aback . dale what be this ? it 's spectacular . saul it 's call pineapple Express . my guy Red tell I it 's when this Hawaiian flood take special dirt to the weed or some shit . it 's pretty scientific . and I be the only guy in the whole city who have it . and , its only ten bone more for a quarter . dale so...can I get a quarter ? saul no doubt . just let I grab my scale . saul walk into another room . Dale look around anxiously ; he clearly want to go . 15 a moment later , saul come back into the room and sit down . Dale notice that he do not bring anything back from the other room . saul notice Dale look at he strangely . saul ( cont 'd ) what 's with the look ? what ? dale where 's the scale ? saul oh shit ! the scale . be right back . saul hustle into the other room . saul ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( from other room ) you know what 's weird ? how sometimes , you brain just choose to like , not keep thing in it , you know ? ( beat ) Fucking scale . ( beat ) shit . where be it ? Dale check he watch and then look at the door ; suddenly , something catch he eye - it 's the cross - joint saul be construct . dale Holy shit ! what the fuck be this thing ? saul come back in and put a small electronic scale on the coffee table . saul ( nonchalantly ) ah , the cross-joint . you have never see one of this ? not surprising . they be , like , the apex of the vortex of joint engineering . NASA build the first one in the eighty . saul chuckle at he joke as he place some weed on the scale . dale you can actually smoke that contraption ? saul put Dale 's weed in a baggie . 16 saul you light all three end at the same time , then , you smoke it as it resonate the main section , create a " trifecta " of smoking power . it 's like , three time as powerful as a normal joint . Dale hand saul some money and saul give he he weed . Dale linger for a moment . dale well , be careful with that thing . Dale get up and head to the door . saul dude ... you wanna smoke this thing with I ? Dale turn around . he clearly want to smoke it , but he try to play it cool . saul ( cont 'd ) I can not even light it on my own . Dale sit back down on the couch , giddy as a schoolgirl . dale ( excited ) wow . so like , uh ... so like , so like what do I do ? saul gather three lighter from the coffee table . saul alright . firstly you light this two end . then I will light the tip , make the trifecta complete . be you ready ? Dale nod and they light the joint . saul toke hard ; plume of smoke fill the air as he burst into a coughing fit . dale Holy ... Dale take the joint and hit it , explode into a cough fit . saul it 's ...uh , it 's good to cough . cough it open the cough capillary ... get you twenty - five percent higher . ( more ) 17 saul ( cont 'd ) and that , combine with the pineapple weed , and the cross-joint cough you be a good thirty to forty time higher . I do not know the exact math , but , pff , you be pretty fuck go - show . you know what I mean ? saul take a toke . Dale cough harder and harder . he seem like he might throw up . saul ( cont 'd ) it 's crazy . the better the weed , the more I wish I could think of how to explain what 's so good about it , but the ... uh , the better it be , the less shit I can think of in total , you know ? saul pass Dale the joint , obliviously drop ash all over he suit . slightly agitate , Dale brushes it off . saul ( cont 'd ) okay , so , like , you have be buy from I for , like , a few month now and I really gotta ask . ( beat ) what 's with the suit ? dale I be a process server . saul you`re a servant ? like , a butler . dale no , process server . saul look confuse . dale ( cont 'd ) I be hire to give people papers they do not want . it 's pretty much the easiest job on earth . saul Nice , man . where would you get that job ? Dale take a big hit from the joint . dale well ...uh , I get a totally useless degree two year ago , then I do nothing for a year , then my dad get so feed up he hook I up . 18 they both revel in the think . dale ( cont 'd ) I get it pretty sweet , though . today ? I smoke like five joint , give out some piece of paper , and I eat some Burger King - saul hey man , do you get that new chicken fries ? Dale pass the join to saul . dale yeah man . I would get on that shit . they be fuck mind blow . so , then I hot - box my car and then ... get some action from my girlfriend . saul laugh at this . saul do she smoke pot ? dale a little . she 's in high school . saul that 's fuckin ' sweet ! ilegal love ! you be like Jerry Lee Lewis . I just read he biography . dale no , no . she 's 19 . saul ( dissappoint ) oh . it 's still cool I guess . dale yeah , it 's awesome , although I think she 's get old enough where she 's realize I do not do much . and this high school guy this day . they be all roid out and go to Harvard . even on my best day , I look like a fat , dumb piece of shit next to they . saul whatever , man . it sound like you get it pretty good . I wish I have a job that easy . fuck . 19 dale dude ... you have get , like , the actual easiest job in the world . saul hey ! you be right , man . I never think of it like that . dale you can actually do whatever the hell you want . you get to sleep all day and people come buy weed at night . Dale pass saul the joint . saul that 's totally true . except tomorrow . thanks to that bitch daylight savings , I gotta go change my grandma 's clock forward at 7am . or 8 be . I seriously can not figure it out . dale sorry to hear that . saul pass Dale the joint . saul yo , so , like , what have this people do that you go after ? dale let 's see ... tonight I be go after - Dale pull a blue envelope out of he pocket . dale ( cont 'd ) Ted Jones . he forget to pay he - saul dude ! my guy , Red , get he weed from a Ted Jones . he 's , like , # 1 supplier in town . maybe it 's he ! dale I doubt that , man . there 's probably a lot of Ted jonese 's out there . saul yeah , but not like this one , man ! he 's what I want to be one day . he 's like the " Jesus of weed " . so ... I guess he 's like jah . or scarface . 20 saul point to he scarface poster . the joint end . after a few moment it seem as though they ability to have a conversation burnt out with the joint . they sit in awkward silence . Dale get up . dale well saul , that be crazy . thanks . saul no worry dude , peace . they slap each other five and Dale exit . saul turn on the tv . save by the Bell be on . it make saul chuckle . int . dale' car - night Dale cruise down side street and locate Ted 's house . it be a large well - to - do home . have difficulty , Dale park in between two car across the street . he turn off the engine and start smoking a joint . suddenly - flash ! two head light appear up the street . Holy shit ! it 's a cop car ! he sit still , hold the joint between he leg as the cop car drive past and ... park a few car down ! the female cop walk up the block - toward dale' car ! dale oh shit on I . fortunately , the cop cross the street and walk towards Ted 's house . confused , Dale watch as she be let in . Dale wait a moment and then re-light the joint . he try to see into Ted 's house as he take a massive toke . bang ! a silence shatter blast come from Ted 's house . Dale hold the toke in and try to keep quiet as he focus on the large front window . suddenly , the drape be tear down by a asian man as he fall forward and crash through the front window ! Dale watch in horror as a large grey - haire man and the female cop step forward and shoot the asian man ! blam ! blam ! blood splatter ! Dale start coughing uncontrollably ! he start the car and , in a panicked fit , try to pull out . crash !!! he smashes directly into the car in front of he ! he flick the roach out onto the grass and slam the car in reverse - crunch !!! he back into the car behind he ! still hack he lung out , Dale drive away ! 21 the grey -haire man and the female cop sprint out of the house in time to see Dale 's distant tail light vanish into the darkness . something catch the grey-haire man 's eye - a trail of smoke rise from the grass . he lower he blood -stain hand and pick up ... dale' roach ! he bring it to he nose and sniff , then rip open the paper and examine the weed closely . ted pineapple Express . int . saul be apartment - moment later saul be lay on he couch watch save by the Bell , laugh so hard that he 's cry . saul ha ! ha ! ha! screech . suddenly , the buzzer sound repeatedly . saul ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) Fucking hell . he grudgingly walk to the intercom and press talk . saul ( cont 'd ) hello ? he press listen . dale ( o.c. ) ( through intercom ) ... I in ! let I in ! let I in ! let I in ! it 's Dale ! let m -- saul casually press the talk button . saul ( annoyingly casual ) Denton ? Dale Denton ? he smile to himself , then press listen . dale ( o.c. ) ( through intercom ) ... the love of shit , let I in ! pleeea - annoy , saul buzze he in and unlock the door . 22 saul ( to himself ) ... fuck , do not smoke that shit if you can not handle it . a moment later , Dale , completely freaking out , burst through the door and slam it shut . saul ( cont 'd ) ( startle ) dude , whoa . what the fuck be - dale he fuck kill he , man ! saul be quiet , man , I get neighbor - dale ( quietly ) he kill he ! saul ( loud ) somebody kill somebody ?!? dale yeah , man ! I can not believe it . a cop ! a lady , and a guy . saul somebody kill a cop , a lady and a guy ? dale no ! a guy ! saul a cop kill a guy ? dale no ! a cop and a guy kill another guy ! the lady and the guy ... no , a fuck woman , a police woman , and a old guy , shot a guy , a young guy , in the fuck window at Ted 's house ! saul be the guy Ted ? dale which guy ? 23 saul I do not know , the old guy who shot the guy ? dale I do not fuck know . he be this big , old , grey haire guy with a gun , and he fuck take he , and he shot he ! right there in the fuck window ! bam ! saul I hear Ted 's get grey hair ! dale and they see I ! they see I see they shoot the guy ! saul jump to he foot . saul what !?! they see you ?!? why the fuck do you come here ? do they follow you ?!? saul dash to the window and peek out . saul ( cont 'd ) do they follow you here !?! dale no ! I panicked . I be have a cough fit , I crash , I crash into a car . fuck , two car . they must have hear at least . they know someone be there . saul but they do not know it 's you ? dale no . I do not think so . no. saul so ... they be not come here ? Dale shake he head , on the verge of tear . saul shrug , sit back down , then pick up he joint and re-lite it . saul ( cont 'd ) cool . so , what 's you game - plan ? you gonna call the cop ? Cause if you do , I would appreciate it if you leave my shit out of this shit . 24 dale I be not call the cop - one of they be a cop . they could all be cop ! saul do you see any blood ? be it sick ? dale yeah . I see some blood . saul I wonder who the guy he shot be ? dale I do not know , who do drug dealer kill ? it be probably another drug dealer . he be asian . be there asian drug dealer . saul Hell yeah , man . the korean team up with , like , the vietnamese or some shit . they be crazy mother fucker . number two in town . ( beat ) heh . Ted 's cappin ' the competition . yo , you want some of this ? saul pass Dale the joint . Dale take the joint and frantically smoke as he pace . saul ( cont 'd ) so , like , exactly what be the sequence of happening ? dale I be sit across from Ted 's smoking a massive joint of that weed you sell I - saul oh , the pineapple Express . it 's so rare it 's almost a shame to smoke it , like kill a unicorn ... with , like , a bomb . dale when I throw it ...out ... the window ... Dale stop pace and stare at saul . he then look down at the joint of pineapple weed . saul notice wheel turn in Dale 's head . saul what ? 25 Dale continue stare at the joint . dale this weed be actually that rare ? saul ( proudly ) yeah , it 's like , " the rarest " . dale so , you be actually the only guy in town with this weed ? saul fuckin ' rights , I be . Red tell I he be give I a " exclusive sneak preview " . dale and be I the only guy you give it to ? saul yeah . so , we be the only guy . dale but , like , another dealer , could not identify it , the pineapple weed ? like , if they find a roach of it , right ? saul think for a moment . saul I could . why ? dale ( panic ) we should go , we should not be here ! we should go ! saul no ... seriously , why ? dale I leave a roach of this weed in front of Ted 's house ! saul so what ? I leave roach all over fuck town . 26 dale no , listen - they could find the roach and say , " this be pineapple weed , saul 's the only guy in town who have pineapple weed , therefore he must have witness the murder or know who do - let 's go kill he . " finally , saul understand . saul mother of fuck ! he spring to he foot and bolt for the door . saul ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! Dale grab saul and stop he . dale wait ! saul why !?! let go of I ! let 's get the fuck out of here ! dale saul , wait ! grab anything we might need , like you weed and money and stuff . saul grab he bag of weed and shove it in he backpack . they run for the door . dale ( cont 'd ) be you sure you be not forget anything ? saul yes ! come on ! int . saul' apartment hallway - moment later saul and Dale run to the elevator and frantically press the button , terrify for they life . saul fuck ! I forget something ! saul run back to he apartment , leave Dale alone and frighten . saul burst back out of he apartment hold he cell . 27 saul ( cont 'd ) dude , I be so scared go back , I think there be gonna be guy there , and then you would be go , and there be this music in my head - dale we will take the stair , it will be faster . they scramble towards the distant stairwell . almost at the door , they hear the ding of the elevator arrive . dale ( cont 'd ) go back ! go back ! they dash back to the elevator . Dale shove he arm between the door and they hop in . saul rapidly press the lobby button as the door shut . they be both on the verge of hyperventilate . dale ( cont 'd ) okay , man . we gotta try to relax . saul why ?!? dale we do not want to draw attention . saul ( freaking out ) whose attention !?! you think they could be down there ? in the lobby ? right now !?! dale I do not know ! who know ? just try to be cool . ding the elevator suddenly stop on the second floor . dale ( cont 'd ) saul oh my god !!! ahhh !!! the door OPEN ! there 's no one there . the door close . saul what the fuck be that ? dale that be bad - calm ! calm ! calm ! the elevator stop at the lobby and the door open , they step out , bump into two rough look guy . 28 dale ( cont 'd ) oh. pardon . Dale and saul quickly leave as the biker enter the elevator . int . saul be apartment - moment later the rough look guy , budlofsky and matheson , kick in saul 's door and dash into the room , gun draw . matheson spot a smolder joint in the ashtray . matheson look . budlofsky whip out he cell and hit speed dial . budlofsky Ted ? he 's go , but he be just here . I think he know we be come . int . dale' car - continuous Dale peel out of he spot and down the road . dale okay , what do you know about Ted ? saul what ? Ted ? nothing . for all I know he 's tracking we with space satellite right now ! he 's get grey hair , that 's all I know . saul check behind they . saul ( cont 'd ) let 's go to you place . dale no way ! what if they do see my license plate !?! saul okay , so let 's get to a hotel , or a motel , or a holiday Inn . dale well , how much money do we have ? 29 saul all I have get be the seventy - five you give I . dale that 's it !?! saul well , how much money do you have ? while Dale get out he wallet , saul open Dale 's change tray . it 's full of roach . dale uh... nine buck . saul well , shut up then ! I have get more than you ! dale Fine . forget the hotel . a tense beat . saul I wish we could just go nowhere . dale okay ... where 's nowhere ? ext . forest - continuous the car be park on a small dirt path in the moon - light wood . Dale pace back and forth as saul walk over . dale so what do we know ? nothing . we may or may not be follow because we do not even know if he find the roach or not . and , we could just be completely crazy . but , the question be this : even if he find the roach , how could he know where you be ? saul ( thrilled ) he could not . Cause I be in the wood . it 's impossible ! unless he 's , like , hang on the bottom of the car or some shit , but I mean - 30 dale no , what I mean be , if Ted find the roach and identify the weed , how could he connect it to you ? saul there 's no way . he could only find out from Red . dale who be this Red guy ? saul Red 's pretty much a middleman between Ted and guy like I . and we be mad fuck tight . one time he convinced some girl he know to give I a hand - job within , like , five minute of I meeting she . dale but let 's say someone call ask who he sell this pineapple weed to , he will say you , because ... why would not he ? saul fuck that . that 's bullshit . he would have call I if that happen . a hand - job , Dale ! imagine if I would get you a hand job by now ! dale yeah , but saul , he 's a fuck drug dealer . saul so ? I be a fuckin ' drug dealer . what , you do not trust I then ? saul stare at Dale , who do not know how to respond . dale um ...i... call he . yeah , sure , call he . saul thank you ! please , saul pat Dale on the back . dale you be right . you be . I be just be paranoid . sorry , dude . 31 saul take he cell phone out and press speed dial . we hear someone pick up . red ( o.s. ) ( through phone ) ow ! hello ? saul yo , Red . you okay man ? red ( o.s. ) saul ! oh. I , uh ... stubbed my toe . Red sound nervous . saul dude , watch the toe . wear shoe in the house . but Red , I gotta get straight to brass tacs , I need a favor . red ( o.s. ) sure man , anything . I be Red . saul you sure as fuck be , buddy . so , you know how you give I some of that pineapple express stuff ? do not tell anyone you give it to I . red ( o.s. ) sure man , no problem . Red swear it , hombre . saul so , can I come on over now ? Dale wave he hand in front of saul 's face . dale ( louldy whisper ) no ! we should do it tomorrow ! saul ( cover phone , talk to Dale ) I be in the middle of a convo , man . let 's just go and get this shit over with . dale come on , man . tomorrow . I be scared shitless . I want to think thing through before I do anything . let 's go in the morning . please . 32 saul look around the dark forest . saul yeah ...okay . less scary shit happen in the day . Dale nod . saul ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) Red ? red ( o.s. ) ( talk to someone else ) - I can hear he talk to someone , so - yo! saul ? so , you be gonna come by in the morning ? saul yeah , right after I see my grandma . red ( o.s. ) sure , you grandma 's retirement home - ow ! fuckin ' stupid god -damn toe . I , uh , be that the one on granville and 41st . saul yeah man . I have only get one . so , we will be chillin ' by noon . saul give Dale the thumb up . red ( o.s. ) well , cool brother . noon it be . saul we should definitely hit up the casino again sometime . red ( o.s. ) for sure . we should definitely hit up the casino . saul hang up the cell . saul Nice . now let 's do some fuck stone cold chill . I will role a jigga , on the house . 33 int . red' apartment - MAIN room - continuous red , 30 , stalky and short , sit between the budlofsky and matheson budlofsky why be not he come now ? what do you say ? red ( incredibly afraid ) I do not say shit , man ! there be another guy there and he say tomorrow ! matheson why do he mention the casino ? the asian run the casinos . be saul asian ? red no , man ! this worry the thug . matheson this might be more than we think . budlofsky than you think . I think it would be more than you do . I will call Ted . ext . forest - continuous saul I always like smoking weed in the forest . saul light a joint and start smoking . he pass it to Dale . Dale puff . they look around at they expansive , dark surroundings and immediately become overwhelm with paranoia . saul notice a shoot star zip across the sky as Dale take out he cell phone . dale I be go to go call Angie . make up some bull shit . as Dale dial , saul , paranoid from the pot , look at he cell phone . he take another hit , and then look up to the sky again . he look back at Dale 's phone . Dale start to walk off . 34 saul Dale ... wait ! saul snub out the joint and run over to Dale . saul ( cont 'd ) yeah , the phone ... I mean , I do not know how this shit work , but ... can cop ... you say they might be cop ... could they triangulate we phone or trace `em or some shit like that ? I do not know . I feel like I have see that . Dale stare at saul , then flip open he phone - beep saul ( cont 'd ) I mean , shit Dale , maybe they can trace they when we be not even on they ! Dale take a hit as he look up to the sky . just then , a loud rumbling noise be hear . dale what the fuck be that ?! the rumbling get louder . dale ( cont 'd ) be we on fuck " lose " ?! what the hell be that ?! saul it 's they !!! the noise build to a deafen crescendo as the guy dive behind a tree stump . a moment later , a jumbo jet buzze overhead , head towards the nearby airport . Dale and saul pop up . saul ( cont 'd ) Holy fuck . that be close . dale ( clutching cell phone ) you know what ? you be right . we should just get rid of they . we should just smash `em . Dale look at he phone , which be a new , expensive razor . dale ( cont 'd ) fuck . I just buy this thing . maybe I can just take the battery out ? 35 saul no! smash it ! Dale sigh , then smashes he phone on a rock . saul look at Dale , then hurl he phone into the wood as hard as he can , send it sailing into the forest . saul ( cont 'd ) shit ! dale what the fuck be that ?! Dale toss the joint aside . saul fuck ! I be try to throw it at that tree ! dale what tree ? saul that one . saul point out a group of tree about 30 foot away . saul ( cont 'd ) it be a cheap piece of shit . come free with the plan . it must have smashed when it land . dale who the fuck know ?!? I do not know !! why could not you have just smashed it on a rock like a normal person ? saul I be try to smash it ! how often do a guy smash thing ? I be rusty . fuck . dale do you at least see where it land ? saul over there , somewhere . wait ! we could call it ! dale with what ? I just smashed my phone ! they look into the scary dark depth of the wood . both of they be clearly terrify . 36 saul man , it 's not like they get mcguyver workin ' on the case . I bet they can not even triangulate it . dale well , then you should not have say anything , cause now you have convinced I that they can ! saul Fine ! Fine . let 's just find the stupid thing and get back to do what we be doin ' . horrify , they cautiously inch into the forest . dale do you see it ? saul dude , this be the scariest place I have ever be in my life . they nervously walk on . saul ( cont 'd ) you ever see that movie where all the people be in the wood and they slowly get kill ? dale the " Blair witch Project . " saul no ... shit . that one 's way scarier than the one I be think of . mine have Arnold shwartzenegger in it . now I be think of the fuck Blair witch . they inch forward , nervous . dale ( whisper ) stop ! they both freeze . saul ( whisper ) what - 37 dale ( whisper ) sshh ! saul ( whisper ) what be - dale ( whisper ) sshh ! can you hear that ? saul ( whisper ) what ? dale ( whisper ) just listen . saul listen . saul ( whisper ) I literally hear nothing . ( gasp ) wait ... suddenly , saul sprint off into the darkness ! dale saul !!! Dale look in horror as saul vanish amongst the tree . saul ( o.s. ) ( scream in pain ) arghhh !!! Dale hear a loud thud . scare for he life , he sprint in the opposite direction ! he weave in between the tree , avoid some rock and tree root , stumble on some loose dirt , then slam half he body against a tree and fall hard . angle on : saul saul get up , cover in dirt . pant , he look around the forest and see no one . he think he hear something and sprint off ! wham ! he trip on a tree root and slam into the ground . 38 angle on : dale Dale stumble to he foot while futilely try to wipe the dirt off he suit . dale shit . saul hear Dale and whip around , break a twig - crack Dale look towards the noise , then sprint off . saul hear someone and bolt in the opposite direction . like chicken with they head cut off , they both scramble through the wood try to evade they imaginary enemy . Dale spot he car ! he jump in and slam the door shut . he 's about to turn the ignition , but stop . pant and wheeze , he sink into he seat . bam ! something slam into the car . dale ( cont 'd ) aaaaahhhhhhh !!! Dale see saul banging against the passenger side door . saul ( muffle through the window ) let I in ! let I in ! Dale unlock the car and saul jump in . saul ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! go ! dale be there anyone even out there ?!? saul I do not know ! dale if you do not know then why the hell do you run like that ?!? saul I do not know ! I be freaking out , man ! let 's just go ! 39 dale no ! we be not go anywhere ! saul but there could be something out there ! dale there 's nothing out there , that 's why we be here . God , man , you scared the fuck shit out of I . saul well , I be not get out of the car . I be stay in the car . a moment of silence . they both look around . there be clearly nothing out there . Dale turn on the car . talk radio come on . radio dj - white accent wall would go nice with a dark color room , say a burnt sienna , but do not forget ... saul talk radio ? you fuckin ' joshin ' I ? why do not we just shoot ourselves in the nut ? dale shut up , okay ? it 's my car . saul Fine . well , I be go to smoke a joint before I go to sleep , and do not worry about it , even though you be be a dick , it 's on the house . dale do not do I any fuck favor . I get my own . saul thanks to I ! dale shut up . Dale and saul start roll separate joint . 40 int . dale' car - the next day Dale slowly wake up . he stretch , and then shake saul . dale saul . saul . get up . wake up . saul open he eye and realize where he be . saul fuck I . dale what 's the time ? saul ( groggy ) it 's too early . saul bring he wrist up close to he eye . saul ( cont 'd ) it 's ... saul stare at he watch , confuse . saul ( cont 'd ) this can not be right . dale what do it say ? saul it say , uh ... saul look outside towards the sun . saul ( cont 'd ) it could not be three in the morning , could it ? dale it 's three o'clock !?! we be suppose to be there at noon ! saul ( excited ) wait ! my grandma 's clock ! it 's daylight savings ! ( beat ) fuck ! no ! they go forward a hour ! dammit - 41 dale it 's four o'fuck clock ?! saul - I do not go to my grandma 's ! fuck ! and we have gotta call Red . dale ( angry ) how ? Dale dig in he pocket for the key . saul we will find a pay pho ... fuck ! his number be in my phone ! Dale notice the key be in the ignition . dale you remember where he life , right ? saul yes , I remember . what the hell be that suppose to mean ? be you insinuate I be forgetful ? that 's right , I know the word insinuate . dale let 's just get out of here . he turn the key . nothing . he try again . nothing . dale ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? come on . he try twice more , but nothing happen . dale ( cont 'd ) ( piss off ) I think the battery 's dead . saul be you fuck serious ? he try again . dale it 's dead . saul it 's dead ? 42 Dale shoot saul a angry look . saul ( cont 'd ) what the fuck happen ? how do this happen ? dale how ? we fall asleep ! saul yeah . with you stupid talk radio . no surprise , that stuff , like , make to put people to sleep . frustrate , Dale try to gather he thought . dale we gotta ... let 's just ... we will walk . we will walk to a road and hitchhike to Red 's . saul for real ? Dale open he door and hop out . dale yeah , " for real " . we will be late , but we will get there . then we can fix this insane situation . montage : - Dale and saul walk down a seemingly unused forest road , each smoking they own joint . - saul point out a giant caterpillar crawl on a leaf . Dale be gross out . saul poke the caterpillar and then blow weed smoke onto it . dale ( cont 'd ) stop fuck around , man . come on . leave that thing alone . - they emerge at the highway and try to hitch a ride . - Dale notice saul have he thumb stick out of he zipper . saul it 's like , my thumb be my cock ! Dale do not laugh . 43 - bore and tired , they wait . saul light a joint . Dale notice . saul shift he body away from Dale . just then , a eighteen wheeler slow for they . saul snub out the freshly light joint and put it in he pocket . ext . red' house - later Dale and saul get out of the eighteen wheeler . saul ( to the driver ) thanks a fuck ton , sharid . saul shut the door and he and Dale run towards Red 's house - a small , dilapidate place in a rundown part of town . exhausted , Dale and saul reach Red 's door . saul knock . dale so , what 's this guy like ? saul I do not know . he 's short ... and stout . so he 's like a tea pot . hehe . dale well , do you think he will be there ? saul I do not know , I mean , we be only ... eight hour late . ( beat ) that 's actually pretty late . red ( o.s. ) ( through door ) who be it ? saul Red ! it 's saul . open up . Red open the door . he have a split lip and have clearly be crying . he try to act normal . Dale immediately suspect something be up . red ( sniffle ) who 's this guy ? dale Dale . Nice to meet you . 44 Red usher they in and shut the door . red Dale who ? dale I think it 's better if you do not know my last - saul ( oblivious ) Dale Denton . he 's with I . no worry . Red notice they dirty clothes . red ( to saul ) what happen to you clothes ? where would you call I from , man ? Dale notice Red quivering as he light a cigarette and become increasingly suspicious . saul we be in the forest lay low . think . dale uh , Red ... what ...uh , be you lip okay ? saul finally notice Red 's dishevel appearance . saul whoa ! dude , have you be cry ? red what ? oh , I uh ... ( feel he split lip ) ... I get a cold sore , I have never get one before . I start cry . saul a cold sore ? be that fuck herpes ? red ...uh , yeah , man . saul ewwww ! that 's sick , man . do you know how many joint we have share ? I tell you , man . this be from that time you eat the lollypop straight from the stripper sna - 45 dale saul . ask he . saul ( to Dale ) okay , Captain demando . can you just chill out , maybe ? so , Red . I gotta ask - red okay , first of all , stop . what 's this all about ? that 's what I want to know . saul alright . well , Dale 's a servant for protest lawyer , and - dale whoa , whoa ! saul , I do not think ... well , Red , I do not mean to be rude but I do not think we should tell you any more than you need to know . red fuck that , Dale . this be my house , I deserve to know . saul dude ! let 's just tell he . it be he house . dale look . Red , I just do not want to pull you into the shit we be in . it 's just trouble . saul do not be weird about this . if he want trouble , it 's he right to have it . red whoa ! whoa ! I do not want trouble . dale that 's why we only need to clarify one thing - nobody 's call about saul or the pineapple express or anything like that ? red no one . nada . 46 saul awesome ! look at that ! everything 's fine . we have a crazy night in the wood , which I assume we can both put behind we like grow up , and now we can use Red 's giant bong to get super- duper high . Dale do not seem convinced . saul pick up Red 's huge bong and start to pack a bit of Red 's weed into it . red alright , well , wick . make yourselves at home . I be just go to use the ol ' telephone -o . saul sit down and pick up a lighter as Red walk towards the phone . Dale watch Red , suspicious of he odd behavior . Red begin to dial ... smack ! Dale knock the phone out of Red 's hand . red ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ! saul jump up . Dale snatch the phone and back up . dale I be sorry ! I be sorry ! saul Dale ! what the fuck be you do ? dale ( to saul ) we can not let he call anyone ! he 's act weird ! red fuck you man - this be my house ! dale I be sorry . I just , I do not think I can - saul Dale ! you fuck nut . you be stone and paranoid . just chill the shit out , guy ! ( to Red ) I be sorry , Red . I should not have bring this guy over here , he 's a total lunatic . without warning , Red grab a large ashtray fill with cigarette butt and whip it at Dale . bam ! it smashes he in the head !!! 47 dale ( in pain ) aaahhh ! ash explode everywhere as Dale drop the phone and clutches he head . saul Holy cock ! Red approach the cower Dale . saul intercede . saul ( cont 'd ) dude ! he 's sorry ! wait ! Red punch saul in the face ! saul scream and drop to the ground . saul ( cont 'd ) why !?!?! Dale snatch the phone and scurries into the bathroom , slamm the door behind he . int . red' bathroom - continuous disorient , Dale scan the small bathroom . saul and Red can be hear fight outside . saul ( o.s. ) dude , we be friend , what the fuck be wrong with you ? ow ! dude ! be you fuck off that shit again !?! ow ! red ( o.s. ) I have to ! they will kill I !!! please do not fight ! a loud crash be hear from the other room . saul aaahhhhhh !!! Dale throw the phone in the toilet bowl and smack down the seat . he run back to help saul . int . red' apartment - continuous Red be beat the shit out of saul . 48 saul why , man !?! why ! red i'm sorry !!! saul manage to stand up when Red boot he in the ball ! he shriek and stumble backwards . Dale dash into the room and leap onto Red 's back . Red wobble forward , then start running backward . he trip on he coffee table and crash Dale through it , landing on top of he . Red get up , sprint into the bathroom and lock the door . with great effort , Dale and saul manage to get up . dale he 's go for the phone ! bathroom ! int . red' apartment / bathroom - continuous frantically search for the phone , Red flip the toilet seat up and grab it . he begin to dial as Dale and saul sprint down the hall . just as Red be about to finish dial , Dale and saul crash into the bathroom door ! they knock it completely off it 's hinge , slamming it directly into Red ! the phone fly into the bathtub . dale ( point at the phone ) saul !!! phone !!! saul jump into the bathtub and begin stomping the phone . Dale continuously slam he body against the door in a attempt to keep Red pin down . saul what the fuck Red !?! what the fuck be go on !?! red I do not know !!! they be go to kill I !!! saul you do not stub you toe , do you ? Red stop struggle and try to catch he breath . Dale kneel on top of the door , keep he pin . dale now tell we - 49 red they be gonna come back and kill I !!! in a impressive show of strength , Red shove the door off he , knock Dale aside . he run . int . red' apartment - continuous saul chase Red and tackle he into a wall . Dale follow second later , and notice Red 's large glass bong . he look back to see saul get pummelle . saul dale ! help ! Dale grab the bong and swing around - crash !!! it shatter on the back of Red 's head . Red fall to the ground moan , blood drip from he head . Dale and saul stand over he , out of breath , bruise and batter . saul ( cont 'd ) Red , you motherfucker . Dale , lose in think , start to seriously freak out . dale it 's happen ! it 's actually happen ! he know my name ! Red know my name ! saul we should beat it out of he sellout brain . you be a shitty friend , Red ! fuck the casino ! go alone ! dale this be fuck , what do we do now , he know my name !?! saul he know my name too ! dale well what do we do ? he 's gonna tell they ! saul we be not gonna have to kill he , be we ? I do not think I could do that . Dale stare at the almost motionless Red . 50 saul ( cont 'd ) maybe we could talk he into kill himself , or , like , make he promise not to tell . dale well , we have to find out what he know . red ( in great pain ) I do not know anything ... you break my bong ... Dale , try to act tough , grab Red by the collar . dale tell we everything . now ! Red look to saul for sympathy . saul do not look at I , you sellout bastard . now start talk ! red I can not ... I do not know anything . Dale pull saul aside . saul what do we do ? he 's not gonna talk . dale I think we beat it out of he . saul for real ? dale okay . Red . here 's the deal : if you do not tell we everything , we be go to beat you up . red do not beat I up ! saul , dude , I be Red ! saul you be Red . now you be no one to I . dale you have get five second , okay ? ready ? five , four - 51 Dale raise he fist . red please do not . dale Three , two ...one ! Red cringe as Dale softly " punch " he gut . it do not hurt he . red that do not hurt . saul you do not even hurt he ! hit he hard , man . like , fuck hit he ! Dale take a deep breathe and raise he fist . red wait ! i...i ... Dale grab a pot plant . red ( cont 'd ) no ! Dale swing the plant back to strike Red . the pot fly off the plant and Dale smashes the dirt cover root of the plant against Red 's face . red ( cont 'd ) ow ! fuck , man ! stop it . listen ...two ... two guy come here , they ... they be here when you call - saul seriously ? dale who be they ? Dale raise he fist . red they work for ted. budlofsky and matheson . fuckin ' crazy weird guy . they be here all day , but you guy do not show . they say they would kill I if I do not bring you to they , they say I would - 52 dale how many cop do he have in he ...uh , payroll , or whatever ? red I know there 's this lady cop . he could have more , I do not know . he 's get pretty crazy connection . he 's also get a cool - ass hideout . it 's crazy man . Dale and saul exchange very worried look . red ( cont 'd ) listen , I - Dale swing the plant upwards , prepare to strike Red again . dale who 's he competition ? red the asian ! dale asian ? which asian ? Indians be technically asian . red the ... the korean , I think . everyone just call they the asian . Dale and saul exchange a even more worried look . saul what else ? red I swear to god that 's all I know ... I swear ... dale alright . we should ... tie he up and ... and get the fuck out of here . saul I make a gravity bong here once . I know where he duct tape be . saul run off . Dale put on saul 's backpack and look at the batter Red moan on the floor . 53 saul ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's tape this piece of shit up . Dale pull Red 's hand behind he back . saul be pick at the tape . saul ( cont 'd ) I can not find the edge . dale what ? saul I can not find the , oh ... wait ... saul rip open the duct tape . he quickly bind Red 's hand and foot . suddenly , there 's a knock at the door . they stop , silent . knock . knock . knock . Red start thrashing and try to scream . saul ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) shit . they be actually here to kill he . dale ( whisper ) what do we do ? saul ( whisper ) I do not know . knock ! knock ! dale ( whisper ) fuck . oh , man . frozen in terror , they do not know what to do . red ( whisper ) guy , guy ... listen to I - knock ! knock ! knock ! red ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I be fuckin ' sorry . okay ? I fuck up . I be a son-of - a-bitch . I forget bros before hoe , even though this guy be not hoe . you know what I mean . but I can fix this . ( more ) 54 red ( cont 'd ) I know this guy , it 's cool . just head out the back , I will stall `em . wo not tell `em nothing . you can count on I ! saul thanks , Red . Red frantically try to wriggle out of he bond while saul lead Dale out the back door . suddenly , the door be kicked open ! budlofsky and matheson enter , gun draw . they see Red . red Dale Denton ! it be saul and some dude name Dale Denton ! they just run out the back ! ext . alley - continuous Dale and saul run like hell . saul spot a dumpster . saul in here ! saul jump into the dumpster . dale no. I have get to get to a phone ! saul we should hide ! dale but , if Red tell Ted 's guy my name , then they will go to my apartment and find out about Angie ! saul I think we should stay ! dale why ?! saul because I be in the dumpster already ! shit ! Fine ! saul hop out of the dumpster and follow Dale . int . red' apartment - continuous budlofsky dash back into the apartment . 55 budlofsky they be long go . matheson stand over top of Red , talk to Ted on the phone . ted ( o.s. ) find out what he know . matheson Red , you gonna tell we anything helpful ? red I just do , matheson . fuckin ' Dale Denton 's the other guy name . he be with saul , they kick my ass . what more do you want ? matheson you hear that ? ted ask if either of they be asian . matheson hey . what skin color be this guy ? red what ? um ... white , they be both white . I think Denton might be a Jew , but I could not really tell . matheson you hear that , Ted ? ted ( o.s. ) Dale Denton . not asian . alright . kill Red . matheson pull out a gun and shoot Red in the gut . red ( clutching he bleed gut ) oh fuck ... you shot I , you motherfucker ! fuckin ' matheson ... fuck you ! you have eat dinner here , man ! taco ! and now I be gonna fuckin ' die from this , probably . get the fuck out of my house ! 56 int . ted' live room - continuous ted ( the big grey-haire guy ) put he portable phone back in its charge . ted fuck . the live room window be cover by black sheet . worker be busy scrubbing blood stain off the floor and wall . the dead asian man lie on top of bubble - wrap in the corner . Ted walk into the kitchen where carol brazier ( female cop from the murder , in full uniform , mid-30s ) be play with she gun . ted ( cont 'd ) Carol , there 's another name to run . Dale Denton . carol do he have something to do with we friend in there ? ted if the asian have the ball to send a assassin right into my home , we can not be too cautious . the boy say Denton and saul be caucasian . maybe after they assassin fail , they hire this outside guy Denton to finish the job . ( ponder ) also , the boy say that saul mention " go to the casino . " carol " go to the casino " ? I do not like that . Carol holster she gun . CUT to : ext . ted' house - STREET - continuous Inside a escalade with tinted window sit two frightening look asian man . they have earphone on and a eavesdropp tool aim at Ted 's house . they hear every word . one of they write down info in Korean . 57 carol ( o.s. ) ( through one of the asian mens ear piece ) I will be back in a hour with everything there be on Dale Denton . he will be dead by the time we make we pick - up tomorrow . ext . STREET - day Dale and saul be still run and be unbelievably exhaust . saul ( gasp and wheeze ) but my parent live in Canada . you do not think they be go to go to Canada , do you ? how would they get a canadian phone book even ? dale ( gasp and wheeze ) all I know be Angie 's new number be on my fridge and they could see that , so I have to get to she . saul my grandma life here . they would not go after she , would they ? she 's get a different last name . belogus . Dale hail a cab . int . dale' apartment - continuous Dale 's apartment door burst open . budlofsky and matheson enter , gun draw . they start search the apartment . budlofsky press a button on the answering machine . answering machine ( Dale 's voice ) " cough it 's Dale . I be probably at work , maybe we will talk later . beep " matheson walk to the fridge and yank off a note . matheson budlofsky ! budlofsky look at the note : " - memorize Angie 's New cell : 366-3666 - go get weed - " 58 ext . outside angie' house - soon after Dale and saul get out of the cab in a pleasant neighborhood . saul begrudgingly pay the driver . they walk towards Angie 's house . dale dude , stay here . I will be back in a minute . saul hell no ! I do not want to be alone ! I want to go with you ! dale saul , just watch my back . I will literally be five minute . please . saul Fine . but hurry . Dale run up to the front door and frantically knock . Angie answer the door . int . angie' house - continuous Dale dash in . dale Angie ! Angie open the door with a smile , the phone in hand . her attention be towards the phone conversation she be have . Dale enter she apartment . int . angie' apartment - continuous angie it 's Dale ! you come . Dale freeze in horror : angie' parent ( shannon and ROBERT ) be pleasantly eat at the dining room table . shannon hi , Dale . Nice to meet you , sit down and have some couscous . can I get you a drink ? Robert see that Dale be dirty , dishevelled , bruise and batter . 59 ROBERT what the hell happen to you ? angie Dale ? what happen to you ? Robert and Shannon exchange worried look . dale nothing , I be in the wood and ... ( turn to Angie 's parent ) ... hi , I be Dale . uh ... it 's nice to finally meet you both ... I apologize for my appearance . Robert , Charlotte - shannon ( not amused ) Shannon . dale yes ! Shannon . I have hear a lot about both of you . Dale walk to Robert and extend he dirty , bloody hand . dale ( cont 'd ) very nice thing . Robert smugly decline Dale 's hand shake . angie you be in the wood ? dale ( at a loss for word ) alright , now , here 's what 's happen - I have be thrust into a kind of , ah ... situation . so , uh , if we could all just start to evacuate ... Dale start gather all they jacket and shoe . dale ( cont 'd ) ... that would be really , really good right now . I will answer all you - angie be this a joke ? ROBERT what be this Angie ? 60 shannon I think it be a joke . dale ( deep breath ) listen . there be people after we and they could come here . I will tell you anything you want , just please , let 's go ! ROBERT he 's serious ? dale yes , I be serious . Super serious ! we have to get the " F " out of here ! the Anderson 's stare at he dumbfounded . Robert get up and stand tall . ROBERT get the hell out of my house . dale okay , Mr. Anderson , look , here 's the deal - I see a crooked cop kill a guy while I be work ... this morning . the cop shot the guy then see my car drive off , and I think they might have see my license plate and , so , I ditch my car ... in the wood , so ... they stare at Dale as though he be crazy . ext . angie' house - continuous saul see a car near . he see budlofsky and matheson be in it . saul no fuck way . he run like hell towards Angie 's . int . angie' house - continuous Angie and she parent try to make sense of what Dale be say . angie who be this people ? why be they - 61 dale I think they drug dealer . angie ( on the verge of tear ) why ? dale well , it 's complicated . see , the ...uh ... it do not matter right now , we just have to get out of here . angie let 's go to the police ! dale no , they be the police ! ROBERT I be get my gun . shannon Robert ! no ! ROBERT we buy it for a reason ! Robert run up the stair to he bedroom . suddenly , saul burst through the front door in a panicked frenzy . saul ( completely out of breath ) you ... huff ... Angie ? Dale ! it 's happen ! angie eeehhhh !!! Angie grab a fork off the table and stab it into saul 's shoulder . saul arggg !!! angie ( freaking out ) Dale , it 's one of the drug dealer !!! saul no ! I be Dale 's dealer , I be S - 62 dale Angie ! stop ! it 's saul ! shannon what do you do , Angie ?! saul yank the fork out and toss it on the ground . saul ow !! fuck. now I be gonna need a tetanus shot ! they fuckin ' kill . fuck ! angie saul ? Dale , who be - saul Dale , they be come ! then - Robert appear at the top of the stair with he gun . he see saul bleed and scream . blam ! he fire at saul ! ext . angie' house - continuous budlofsky and matheson be walk towards the front door when they hear the gunshot and dive behind some bush . budlofsky fuck ! what the hell ? matheson get out you fuck gun ! budlofsky what the fuck be go on ? bang ! blast through the front door and almost hit they ! int . angie' house - continuous everyone be in shock . saul frantically pat himself down to see if he get hit . dale stop ! stop ! he 's with I ! saul Holy fuck ! Holy fuck ! Holy fuck ! Holy fuck ! 63 angie dad , put the gun down ! shannon Robert , what 's go on ? ROBERT just nobody move , okay ? except Shannon and Angie . so , you two do not move ! shannon oh my god . dale Sir , please , he 's my friend , he 's help I , he 's - saul stop shoot , man ! I be Dale 's dealer Dale look at the pandemonium as everyone try to be hear . dale guy ! please ! we have to get out of here . Robert , Angie ... Mrs. Anderson - saul ( whisper to Dale ) it 's Shannon . dale I know ! look , we have to get out of here . I be sure everything be go to be fine but better safe than ... not . shannon be this ... for real - dale yes . terribly real . Dale and saul lead Angie and she parent towards the back door . ext . angie' house - continuous budlofsky and matheson be now at the front door . they have each get a gun draw and be prepare to burst in . budlofsky be load he bullet cartridge . 64 matheson ready ? budlofsky no . one sec . budlofsky put in the last few bullet . matheson hurry the fuck up . budlofsky chill out , man . you be nag be not help . budlofsky cock he gun and nod at matheson . int . angie' apartment - continuous bam ! they kick open the door and run into she house . no one be there . budlofsky cautiously walk over to the table and touch the food . it 's still warm . matheson bend down and pick up a bloody fork . matheson ew ! it 's a bloody fork ! what be this people do ? int . garage - continuous Dale , Angie , she parent , and saul burst into the garage . Robert be fumble with the key . he manage to open the car . saul pull up he shirt to look at the stab wound . saul fuck . look at that . fuckin ' mashed potato in my wound . ROBERT baby ! get in the car quick . Angie , in the car ! the anderson get in the car . angie Dale - get in the car ! ROBERT ( to Dale ) you stay the fuck away from my family ! 65 angie shut up dad ! dale ( glance at Robert ) I ... I think it would be best if I do not go with you . I do not want to put you in any more danger . angie what be you go to do ? what should we do ? ROBERT Angie , get in the car ! dale alright , baby . here 's the plan - go to the holiday Inn downtown and use a fake name . something like ... ( look around , focus on Robert 's car ) car ...lyle . angie carlyle ? ( beat ) I ... I have so many question . I just ... how can this be happen ? where ... where be you go ? dale I have to stop this . I do not know how , but do not worry . I will keep you safe . ( beat ) but still , watch you back . you never know where they might be , whoever they be . Angie get in the car . Dale peck she on the lip . dale ( cont 'd ) I love you . beat . angie uh ... thanks . Angie get in the car . Dale peck she on the lip . 66 dale um ... you be welcome . and nice to meet you guy . she shut she door and the Anderson 's pull out . Dale watch they depart with great concern . saul why be not we in that car ? dale let 's run , man ! run ! they start to sprint . saul huff huff where be we run ? dale somewhere we can think . int . ted' house - continuous Ted and Carol be in mid-discussion , and rather distraught at that . behind they two henchmen take the dead asian man 's body out the back door . carol a fork ? ted a bloody fork . in he girlfriend house . and the blood be fresh . carol maybe he kill she , to protect himself . ted or maybe it 's the asian fuck with we . what the fuck be go on ! ( a frustrated beat ) any luck with the cell phone ? carol they smashed one and leave the other one in the wood to distract we . take we a hour to find it . and we find Denton 's car , which be fill with all this strange disguise . this guy be for real . Ted slam he fist on a table . he ponder . 67 ted I want to talk to the asian . get I Cheung 's number . now . intercut with : int . cheung mansion - moment later Cheung , the leader of the asian , have a lavish mansion which be cover in ornate decoration and expensive merchandise . it be immaculately clean and organize . several armed man with earpiece stand in strategic location throughout the house . Cheung be read a Korean book alone in he study . the phone ring and he pick it up . cheung ( in Korean ) hello ? ted Cheung . it 's Ted . Cheung sit up , shocked to have he opponent call he . he snap he finger and two guard run in . he cover the phone . cheung ( in Korean ) record this conversation . he uncover the receiver . cheung ( cont 'd ) ( perfect English ) Ted . this be surprising . what would you like ? ted Cheung , I want you to call off you man Denton . I do not know what he be , a scout , assassin , and frankly I do not care . I just want he go . I want he dead . if you do this , I will consider it a peace offer , otherwise , you be ask for war . and just in case you forget , I be number one , and there 's a reason for that . you have get 24 hour to reply . we stay on Cheung . he hail another guard . 68 cheung Ted Jones be slip . we assassin fail to kill he , but it do rattle he confidence . it 's earlier than plan , but we should strike now , while he be confuse . let it be know - he turn to a picture of the asian Ted kill earlier . cheung ( cont 'd ) - li- young death will not be in vain . ext . park - night Dale and saul be sit in the branch of a tree . fast food wrapper lie scattered . saul be roll a joint . saul Victory joint complete . here ya go . saul pass it to Dale , who light it . Dale take another puff and start to seriously relax . a smile creep across he face as he pass the joint to saul . dale " tell we what you know ! " how fuckin ' ball be that ? saul take a puff . saul like , really ball . dale and I think I fight pretty well , do not you ? you know , for my first time . we be like tango and Cash , man . saul or scarface ! dale boom ! knocked the door right off it 's hinge ! saul pass the joint to Dale . saul and you probably save Angie , which be fuck pimp . 69 dale I probably could not have do it without you . thanks , man . it be fuck pimp . saul we be in this together , right ? so , ya know . saul pass the joint to Dale . dale thanks , man . ( beat ) you know , my last dealer be a total dick . you be by far the coolest dealer I have ever have . saul ( sincerely ) wow . thanks , man . I seriously appreciate that . dale yeah ... like , the time before last time , I totally have weed . I just kind of want to chill with you . saul ( over -joy ) really ? that 's awesome , man . that mean a lot to I , `cause , like , plenty of dude come in to buy and pretend to be all buddy - buddy with I , but in my head I be always , like , " you do not like I , you like my drug , so fuck you , buddy ! " you know ? and just so you know , I totally could have light that cross-joint on my own . I would just have to use candle , but , like , I have never smoke one of that with anyone before . Dale pass saul the joint . dale so , do you think we should leave town ? we could just get on a bus and go , right ? saul we only have , like , fifty buck . I do not think that could even pay for one ticket . saul rub the roach out in the dirt . 70 dale what about you sack ? saul rub he ball again . saul oh man . it 's still fuck kill I . dale ( laugh ) no dude , you sack of weed . can not we sell some ? saul of course . that 's my bread and butter . we just have to go to a highschool . it 's the easiest market . Chester A. Arthur be like , a block a way . dale no way , man . I be not go to sell to kid . saul why ? they be gonna get it from somewhere . I mean , we get it from guy like we . dale well , then not kid at that school . saul well , there 's a bunch of private one nearby , but they be into way crazier shit than weed - dale I can not do it , man . I be not go to a high school be there anywhere else we could go ? saul ( think , then - ) we could go to crackhead Park . dale what 's that ? saul it 's a park . really close , actually . full of crackhead . they smoke weed too , though . 71 ext . crackhead park - night there be several tarp - house set up , garbage all over , and crazy / dangerous homeless people milling about the park . a derange look homeless man walk over to another one and start pissing on he leg . they begin fist fight . suddenly , a half eat hamburger hit Dale in the face and a bag lady come up to saul and start poke he . saul hey , stop it . stop it . you wanna buy some weed , or , like , what ? the bag lady run off . saul ( cont 'd ) see , that 's the problem around here . target demographic have a real , uh , fickle attention span . you gotta wow `em . ( beat ) hey ! who want some weed !?! dale fuck this place . CUT to : ext . high school - lunchtime - the next day at the same high school Angie go to , Dale and saul walk up to four thirteen year old student . ( desmond , walt , ack and blake ) saul yo. `sup . you guy want some chronic ? ext . alley behind a convienance store - moment later Dale and the four kid all laugh hysterically as saul march around pretend to be godzilla , blast weed smoke out of he nose and mouth as though it be fire . saul pass ack the joint . he take a puff and start cough . dale ( very stone ) man , this be great . 72 ack cough cough what 's it call again ? walt pineapple express . they say it , like , eight time , you fuck `tard . ack oh , so sorry if I - blake come on , man . puff , puff , pass . saul you know , I go here for a year . kicked I out for have a swiss army knife . everyone have a swiss army knife ! dale I get like , thirty for my bar mitzvah . desmond my bar mitzvah suck . ack I touch jessica lubell 's tit at you bar mitzvah . dale you touch a tit when you be twelve ? walt lubell ? be you joke ? that be the finest tat in the grade ! ack fuck that , dude . Angie in 12th grade have , like , the sweetest tit ever . dale hey ! walt what ? you know she ? dale yeah . she 's my girlfriend . desmond whoa . you be that dude . you lucky fucker . 73 dale ( proud ) yeah . she 's pretty sweet . saul and we be all high , that 's hilarious . blake pass the joint to Dale . saul ( cont 'd ) alright gentleman , it 's time for I to teach you some business . brass tacs - this be the best weed you have ever smoke , agree ? the kid all nod in agreement . saul ( cont 'd ) so I be gonna make this simple . how much do you get between you ? blake a hundred and seventy eight . saul pull out he impressive bag of weed . the kid gasp . saul alright . you gimme all you money , you can each take two handfuls of weed . that treat ya right ? the kid cheer as desmond take two big handfuls . desmond that 's fuck awesome ! saul I know . keep it on the down low . they pay Dale and take they weed . happy as hell , they run off , stuff handful of weed into they pocket . ack ( to Walt ) Jason will never believe this ... until I show he all this weed ! Dale hold the un-lit joint as saul take the pot and the money . saul and we , my good man , be officially scott fuckin ' free . 74 dale there be still people try to kill we . saul but at least now we can afford to run . I be gonna go buy some celebration snack . let 's have we a little mardi-gras fiesta . saul laugh as he put on he backpack and walk around the corner . Dale re-light the remain roach and casually smoke . he blow some smoke ring , cough a bit , stretch ; for a few moment , look completely relaxed , but then - a cop car screech to a halt right in front of Dale ! a female police liaison officer ( who be not Carol ) get out of the car . Dale freeze in horror . police liaison do not move ! she walk towards Dale . he seem prepare to run , but she place she hand on a can of pepper spray . police liaison ( cont 'd ) do not move ! this stuff hurt . what 's in you hand ? dale . I be sorry , ma'am . it 's weed . I will get rid of it right away , I be just smoking this . I ... I think it be decriminalize . or something . for medical purpose . I have epilepsy . police liaison selling pot to my student be not " decriminalize . " I be the liaison officer for this school and I just catch four student show off handfuls of marijuana to they friend . they tell I they get it back here . put you hand up . she cuff Dale 's hand behind he ! dale wait ! I be not sell anything ! all I have be this little joint . Police liaison take the large joint out of Dale 's hand . 75 police liaison you call this little ? she throw it on the ground and smear it around with she foot . dale I do not even have any money ! how do I sell weed if I do not have any money ?!? I be just smoking it . I swear . please . she pat he down , find only he wallet . the Police liaison see he only have nine dollar . she pull out he driver' license . police liaison it 's possible you be tell the truth . I be go to run a check and if it turn out you do not have any prior and all you have get be this small amount of marijuana , I will let you go with a fine . take a seat . she walk towards she car as Dale sit on the ground . angle on : saul saul merrily turn into the alley hold two red slurpee , when he jump back in terror ! he see the cop car up the alley . he duck back behind the corner . saul they get Dale . oh fuck , oh fuck , oh fuck ... angle on : Dale and the Police liaison she look at she car computer . the screen read : dale denton : outstanding warrant - double hit and run . she look back at Dale and type into she computer . int . carol be cop car - continuous we see Carol ( who be in fact Ted 's evil accomplice ) speed down the road . her police computer beep . she look at the screen . carol ( smile ) Denton . 76 ext . alley - continuous the Police liaison stuff Dale in the back of she squad car . dale what be this for ? what do that thing tell you ? what do I do ? police liaison hit and run , Mr. Denton . a double , actually . you hit two park car two night ago . a look of crippling horror come across Dale 's face as she throw he in the back seat and slam he door shut . angle on : saul he peak down the alley and see Dale in the back of the car and the female Police liaison get in the front . saul the lady cop . she 's gonna kill he . the car slowly make a three point turn . int . cop car - continuous dale you do not understand ! you have to let I go ! dirty cop be gonna kill I ! please ! the Police liaison ignore Dale . dale ( cont 'd ) this ... this lady cop , and this guy budlofsky and matheson , they all work for Ted Jones , and - police liaison ( suddenly interested ) Ted Jones ? dale yeah . with grey-hair . tell I you know what I be talk about . he life near Evergreen Heights . he - 77 police liaison be you tell I you see Ted Jones and a police office shoot someone ? dale yeah . a asian someone . the Police liaison ponder as she finish she three point turn and drive toward the exit of the alley . police liaison stay calm , do as you tell , I will get you down to the station . dale ( ecstatic ) yes mar 'am . ext . alley - continuous saul peek out and see the approach cop car . he look at the two red slurpe and think , then suddenly jump out and throws himself onto the hood of the cop car ! the Police liaison and Dale see a body slam against the car and red liquid splatter everywhere , cover the windshield . they scream . wham ! in the impact , we clearly see saul 's ball get rocked on the car ! the Police liaison slam on the brake , cause Dale to smash into the metal cage . police liaison oh my god ! be that blood ? oh my god ! she put the car in park . as the Police liaison get out of she car , saul can be see crawl around the back of the vehicle , clutching he testicles . the frighten Police liaison look at the windshield . she notice the two slurpee cup on the ground and quickly turn around . she see saul jump into the driver seat . saul see a shotgun beside the passenger seat . the Police liaison reach for she gun ! dale no ! what be you do !?! 78 saul save you . hold on , amigo . tango and Cash ! police liaison freeze mister ! do not even ... saul slam the car into reverse ! he speed backwards up the alley as the Police liaison run after they - gun drawn ! dale no ! she be go to help we ! saul ( in pain ) oh ...my ball ... I seriously think I pop one ... suddenly , Carol ( the cop from Ted 's house ) whip she cop car into the alley ! wham !!! it smashes into the rear of they car ! Dale turn around and establish eye contact with the stunne Carol . dale ( horrify ) it's her ! the lady cop ! saul slam down the gas ! through the slurpee cover window saul see the Police liaison rush towards they . saul ( motion at the Police liaison ) then who 's that ? the Police liaison raise she gun . saul ( cont 'd ) dale noooo !!! aaaah !!! blam ! she fire and the bullet punch through the windshield ! the Police liaison dive to the side as they zoom past she ! they burst out of the alley . a moment later , Carol follow , in hot pursuit . I /e. dale a saul' stolen cop car - continuous the car weave through traffic . saul the slurpee ! I can not see ! 79 dale turn on the wiper ! saul mindlessly start grasp at switch in the car . he finally turn on the wiper , which wipe away the slurpee and reveal that the window be so badly crack he still can not see through it . Carol 's car emerge right behind they . saul dude , I seriously can not see ! dale kick out the window ! be not that what they do ? saul I do not know . okay . saul , with great effort , keep one foot on the pedal and , with all he might , kick he other leg through the front window . his leg punch straight through the glass , but he can not pull it back in ! saul ( cont 'd ) oh fuck ! shit ! dale get it out of there ! suddenly , they car get jerk to the side . saul ah ! ah ! my leg ! Carol be ramming they from behind . dale ( hysterical ) she 's follow we ! she 's gain on we ! saul her car 's better ! saul yank at he leg and manage to wriggle it out of the hole . he begin to accelerate and realize he can see where he 's go through the hole . saul ( cont 'd ) ha ! I can see ! through my leg hole ! saul bump over the curb and cut through a large park . Carol be right behind they . 80 dale do something ! saul think hard , then buckle he seat belt . saul hold on . I have get a idea . Dale do what little he can to brace himself . saul slam on the break . Carol see saul screeching to a halt and slam on she break . she grunt and whip out she gun . both car come to a full stop beside one another . she open fire - blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! - bullet rip through the steal cruiser . shatter glass fly everywhere . Dale and saul desperately duck for cover . saul hit the gas and the bullet riddled car take off . Carol follow . dale what the fuck be that ?!?!? saul pop back up and begin steering again . saul oh shit , man ! I be sorry ! I think she would keep go . the car bump back on to a main road . Carol follow , siren blaring . dale turn on the siren ! saul 's hand flail around , grasp everything . he feel the shotgun and accidentally pull the trigger - boom ! the blast blow through the roof of the car and hit a overhead traffic light - shredd it to piece ! saul dale jesus !!! shit ! Carol fly into the intersection on a collision course with saul and Dale . crunch ! a car smashes into the side of the Carol 's cruiser . as Dale and saul speed off , Carol emerge from the smoking wreckage , a look of hate in she eye . 81 ext . quiet residential STREET - moment later the steal cruiser screech to a halt and saul hop out . saul run ! he start run up the block at top speed . Dale , still handcuff in the back of the cruiser , start thrashing and scream . dale saul ! saul ! I be lock in ! Dale continue to scream as saul obliviously bolt to the end of the block and just keep go . dale ( cont 'd ) you dumb fuck fuck !!! help I !!! Dale sit in the car , helpless . he have a look of utter disbelief on he face . after a moment of silence he start wildly kick the door window . he soon give up . just then , Dale notice saul , over a block away , run back towards the steal car . saul soon arrive , completely out of breath , and open the door . saul so ... huff ... huff ...fuckin ' sorry ... huff ...forgot ... Dale flop out of the car and onto the grass . saul try to help he to he foot , but Dale pull away . dale do not touch I , you asshole ! Dale wiggle to he foot run for it . saul follow . int . hardware store - day Dale and saul enter the hardware store , walk very close together so that no one see Dale be handcuff . they receive a few odd look as they search and locate what they be look for : saw . saul quickly find a sturdy look hack -saw . 82 saul okay , only one way to do this , hard and fast . Bend over . Dale get on he knee and bend over , press he face up against the wall . saul begin to manically hack away at the cuff . dale ow ! ow ! hurry ! saul I be ! suddenly , saul see a store clerk come and shove the see underneath Dale 's suit jacket . dale which see do you like most ? saul the brown one nice , but the metallic one seem more ... they watch the clerk walk off and immediately return to saw the handcuffs . CUT to : ext . hardware store - soon after Dale stretch he arm . the handcuffs be still on he hand , but no longer attach . dale ( relieved ) okay , I be go to go call Angie . be right back . saul a thank you would be nice ! ext . pay phone - moment later Dale be on the phone . dale could I have the , uh , carlyle room , please ? intercut with : 83 int . HOTEL room - continuous Angie be watch tv alone in a hotel room . the phone ring and she pick it up . angie Dale ? dale Angie ! thank god you be okay ! angie I be fine . how be you ? be you okay ? dale I be great . I be fine . I miss you . so , here 's the plan , babe . I be go to leave town and contact a government official or something . from somewhere safe . I know this shit be all fuck up and I just can not apologize enough . angie Dale . I have realize some problem and - dale I know there 's a problem ! that 's the thing , that 's why I - angie Dale , shut up and listen . people be try to kill you , and I ! Dale , drug dealer be try to kill I , because of you ! it 's fuck over , man . be you kid I ? for god sake ... dale Angie , no ! no ! do not you get it ? I be throw into this situation , I have no control , but I be deal with it . this kind of thing happen , you know - angie no ! it doesn " t! ( beat ) you be immature , Dale ! I be six year young and I be say this ! and the fact that you think you be some kind of fuck genius just make it a hundred time more infuriate ! 84 dale what ? you be tell I you think I be a dumb guy ? angie you be not how you think you be Dale , and it 's pathetic . call I when I can go home . Angie hang up . ext . pay phone - continuous as Dale walk out of he phone booth , we see that saul be on the phone in the next booth and be also smoking from a pipe . saul alrghit , I will see you soon . and I be sorry again about the clock . ( beat ) ha ! what a douche bag . ( beat ) yeah , love you too . saul hang up and exit the phone booth . saul ( cont 'd ) yo , so before we go on the lamb I gotta go see my grandma , okay ? she be worried `cause I do not show up to help with the lock . but before that I have get to smoke another bowl . dale be you joke ? you be actually gonna smoke marijuana ? saul why not ? dale how can you smoke marijuana after what we just go through ? that clearly happen because we be smoking marijuana . saul no . it happen because that fuck kid do not keep that shit on the down low . which be weird , `cause they really seem like cool kid . 85 dale if you have not notice , we be not very functional when we be stone , saul . saul when I save you with that slurpee I be stone . what do you gotta say to that ? maybe the pot be what give I the creative capacity to come up with such a great plan ! the Beatles be high ! dale you do not save I ! she be go to protect we , and now we be want for all sort of crazy shit ! saul light he bowl . dale ( cont 'd ) Fine . smoke marijuana . but you know how " scarface " end . face down , dead , in you own fuckin ' water fountain . saul for one thing , I be do deal pot . mostly , because I do not know where I would get it now , but still . and " b " , fuck you , man . you can not judge I . we be exactly the same , and this whole thing 's you fuck fault . you be the one who drop the roach ! dale it 's not my fault ! Dale point at saul 's bowl . dale ( cont 'd ) it 's marijuana 's fault ! saul stop call it marijuana ! dale grow up , you fuck two year old . saul see ! this be why you be a douche bag , Denton . because you think you be better than other , but you be just a dumb pothead burnout , same as I . 86 dale maybe I be a pothead burnout , but at least I be not the dumbest most annoying guy in the world . the only reason I ever buy weed from you be because you be shit be so good , not because you be cool . saul but you say you buy when you already have a few time , just to hang out ? dale bullshit ! I just like ... like have lot of different kind of weed at once . saul take out he wad of cash and throw half of it at Dale . saul here . buy yourself a good last meal . he throw fifty more cent at the shocked Dale . saul ( cont 'd ) Super size it , bitch . saul walk off . dale saul ! I be sorry , man ! I do not mean all that ! saul ! a sad Dale start pick up the money . int . ted' house - continuous Carol , who be a little bruise up from the car crash , sit with Ted . they be both furious . carol guy drive like a mother - fucker . it be amazing . ted this be not good . we should have this under control . we have not hear shit from the asian . get this lunatic after we . shit . Carol check she watch . 87 carol we should probably get to the farm . music up : the end by the door - saul get on a bus and sit down , sad and deject . - Dale sit against the phone booth , cry like a baby . he bury he hand in he pocket and pull out he baggy of weed . he hurl it away . he get up to retrieve it . - saul be in a really shitty fast food restaurant , nearly cry as he eat he burger and fries . - Dale stare at a joint in he hand , think for a moment , and then , cry profusely , light it and start smoking . a solitary tear roll down he cheek and drip directly onto the tip of the joint , put it out . Dale hear the sizzle and look at the joint . he continue cry . he put the joint down , beside three large roach . - walk down the street , saul see the Point grey retirement Home . - Dale feverishly look through the phone book . he find what he 's look for : belogus . - saul , hide behind a bush across the street , survey the retirement home . see the coast be clear , he walk towards the entrance . as saul enter the building , budlofksy and matheson pull up . int . retirement home - continuous saul casually walk into the lobby . the elderly resident of the retirement home be milling around the massive common room . elderly woman ( o.s. ) solly ? saul turn and see a elderly woman . saul hey ! Mrs. mendelson ! saul peer over she shoulder and see budlofsky and matheson walk in ! 88 saul ( cont 'd ) holy shit !!! saul run for it , and they chase after he . he maneuver through the elderly like a pylon course , the thug right on he ass . he burst into another room . int . caffeteria - continuous he tear through the room , fill with old people eat . budlofsky and matheson pursue he . int . hallway - continuous as saul run through the hall , budlofksy and matheson appear . matheson eat it ! matheson whip out he gun and fire - blam ! the bullet whizze past saul and two elderly man , who do not even flinch , and then shatter a distant window . saul turn the corner and - bam ! he slam into someone , send the person crash to the ground . injured person ow ! shit ...ow , ow , ow ! saul look , terrify he 's hurt a old person , but see it be a young male nurse . he run for it and see a open door with chatter come from inside . he run into - int . tea room - continuous a dead end ! several startle old women look up from they majong . one of they instantly recognize saul - mrs . corber solly Silver ?!? saul Mrs. corber ! you gotta hide I ! the budlofsky and matheson burst into the room . saul look around , see a teapot and grab it . he hurl it at matheson and nail he in the face . the tea pot shatter and hot water pour all over he face and hand . 89 matheson ahh !!! fuck !!! budlofsky grab saul and knee he in the ball . saul ( wheeze ) nooo !!! budlofsky yeah ! budlofsky punch saul in the face . CUT to black ext . point grey retirement home - continuous Dale hustle towards the entrance of the building when he see several police car park outside , they light flash . he see a bunch of old people gather on the front lawn . do he best to avoid the cop , he join the cluster of elderly . old woman oh , god this be terrible . poor faye . poor , poor faye . dale hey , uh , what 's go on here ? old man it just happen . dale what do ? old woman faye belogus ' grandson be kidnap from right inside the building . we all see it . they fight in the majo room and hurt the new nurse , stefan . Dale be terrify . dale uh ... thanks . old man if I be there , I would have kick a ass . 90 Dale look , circle of people comforting a cry old woman , clearly faye belogus . he walk over . dale Mrs. belogus . I would not worry , saul 's go to be fine . Dale walk off , determine . int . the barn - soon after saul wake up but can not see anything . from he Pov we see tape get rip off he eye and mouth . saul arrggghhh !!! saul see a budlofsky wield a knife . he struggle and realize that he arm and leg be bound . saul close he eye , assume he 's about to die . saul ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to himself ) fuck . I regret everything . budlofsky cut the tape away from saul 's leg . budlofsky get up . saul get up and hop out of the car . he look around and see that he be in a large barn . saul notice six thug talk as they move brick of weed and cocaine into a van . matheson appear and look at saul with smolder hatred . saul see that he face and neck be burnt from the tea and the break shard of pot cut he cheek . saul oh fuck . that look painful . matheson walk over , lower to one knee , and punch he straight in the ball . saul ( cont 'd ) eeehh !!! matheson whip out he gun and shove it in saul 's mouth . budlofsky tap matheson on the shoulder . 91 budlofsky do not . Ted want he . matheson Fine . matheson look at the wheeze saul , curl over by he foot , and punch he in the back of the head . matheson poke saul in the back with he gun , ushere he towards the corner of the barn . they come to a old trap door . matheson open the hatch and they descend . int . underground facility - continuous saul be lead along a narrow tunnel . as they reach the end , saul 's eye go wide . he enter the same massive metal room that the government use in the 30 ( at the beginning of the movie ) ... only now it be rather wear down , and fill with hundred of huge marijuana plant . saul ( breath - take ) El dorado . matheson urge saul through the dense forest of weed , pass several of Ted 's thug , the hum of the giant grow light fill the air . saul ( cont 'd ) dude , look at all this weed . matheson shut the fuck up and keep move . as matheson usher saul through the foliage , saul notice a strange suit that resemble a old fashioned scuba diving uniform ( the one from the 1930s intro ) hang on a wall . saul what the hell be that ? they arrive at a door . matheson open it and shove saul in , cause he to almost trip . saul ( cont 'd ) ow . it be the same room private Miller be in . matheson shut the door . 92 int . red' house - continuous bam ! Dale kick open Red 's door and dash into Red 's , ready for anything . dale hello ? anyone here ? Red ? Dale start look around . he hear music and then see he 's step in a pool of blood . dale ( cont 'd ) oh my god . Dale follow the music into the bathroom . int . red' bathroom - continuous Dale enter and be shocked to see Red lie on the floor , clenching he bloody gut with one hand and a joint and beer in the other . the music be come from a small boom box . red ( a little out of it ) what ? who the fuck ! Red turn toward Dale and pick up a kitchen knife with he bloody hand . red ( cont 'd ) stay the fuck back , Denton ! I do not do shit ! I will gut ya if I have to , tool ya once , tool ya again ! dale ( utterly shocked ) I ...what ? I be not here to fight , man , I - red good , man . I be fuckin ' tired . Red drop the knife and then take a puff of he joint and a sip of he beer . red ( cont 'd ) I be dyin ' , Denton . fuckin ' shot . right here - ( he point at he wound ) ( more ) 93 red ( cont 'd ) I be have a little go away party and I do not remember invite you , cocksucker . so I be gonna ask you to leave . in my die moment , I do not want some asshole I barely know around . dale go to the hospital , man ! be you crazy . you do not have to die . red yes I do ! what ? I go to the hospital , I be gonna end up in but that do not matter `cause once Ted find out , which he will , I be dead wherever I be . I be fuck through and through . now if you would be willing to give a die man he wish , could ya run on into the other room and pop in disc two of tu pac " all eyez on I " . I want to listen to it while I die . dale you do not have to die . red will you stop say that , I have except it , man . I be at peace . cough Red take a hit and cough . it clearly bring terrible pain to he bullet wound . dale Red , I need you to tell I where Ted 's base be . he take saul , and I can not bail on he . I be go to get he back . Red stare intensely at Dale . red fuckin eh , amigo . Red heroic-ish - ly rise from the floor . he hobble over to the hall and open a cabinet on the wall . Dale look in and see several hand gun inside . red ( cont 'd ) blaze of glory , motherfucker . int / ext . red' car - night Dale and Red be in Red 's car , a ford fiesta , drive through the countryside . Dale stop the car 100 yard from the barn . 94 red this be awesome ! we be so gonna show that motherfucker . think they can kill I ? fuck no , you can not ! not how I roll . Red get out and walk to the driver side . Dale get out , gun in hand . Red get in the driver seat . dale what be you do ? red so , this be the backside of the farm . if you stay low in the grass you should be fine . if someone be shoot at you with a automatic weapon , zig zag . it make you harder to hit . dale you be not come to help ? red fuck no ! I have be shot . by this guy . I be in shock before , but the air on the drive clear my mind , I should get to the hospital . you see reservoir dog , right ? I get shot in the best spot possible . I could have a long and fruitful life ahead of I . full of possibility . go get `em , slugger . dale but how do I get out of here if I rescue saul ? red I have no idea . I be sure it will not be that hard . kill some dude and take he car , or just take it or whatever . good luck , amigo ! Red drive off . Dale take a deep breath , clenches he gun , and start cautiously move towards the barn . he check to make sure he safety be off and he 's ready to fight . Dale sneak up on the building and pear in between two board . he see budlofsky supervise as the thug load the van . 95 int . barn - continuous budlofsky be about to light a cigarette , when suddenly Dale do a jump role into the burn and then quickly scamper to he foot and put a gun to thug 1 's head . dale I will blow he fuckin ' brain out if you do not - blam ! budlofsky shoot thug 1 in the chest . dale ( cont 'd ) oh my god . Dale drop he gun and put he hand up . thug 2 what the fuck be that , budlofsky ? budlofsky have not you see " speed " ? " shoot the hostage " . thug 2 in the leg , you fuck moron ! budlofsky point he gun at thug 2 . budlofsky still work . two of the thug grab Dale and punch he several time . budlofsky ( cont 'd ) throw he in with the other guy , and everyone stay alert . Jared , go watch outside . this be fuck up . something go down . the thug start bring Dale towards the hatch . suddenly one of they motion for the other to stop , feel something on Dale 's back . thug 3 I think he 's get a gun . budlofsky what ? thug 3 lift up Dale 's shirt , revealing that he have tape a gun to he back . 96 budlofsky ( cont 'd ) you be kid I , right ? die hard ? dale I have to try . the thug bring he down the trap door . thug 3 ( o.s. ) hey ! he 's get another one tape to he stomach ! thug 4 ( o.s. ) and he leg ! int . observation lab - continuous saul be sit against the wall with he hand bound and a look of complete defeat . suddenly , the door open and Dale be toss in by budlofsky . saul Dale !?! what the fuck ? do you rat I out , you shitty bastard ? that what happen ? dale no ! I come here to save you ! saul to save I ? ha ! that 's rich ! you be catch , too . and now I have to die with some asshole . dale saul , I deserve that , because I fuck you . you be right , this whole thing my fault , and they only way I can make it up to you be by rescue you , and that 's why I be here . to save my friend . saul tell ya what , Dale . you actually save I and I will consider forgive you for this mad shit . dale good . ` Cause I will . 97 saul oh really ? what , you forget to tell I you shoot laser out of you eye , or you get some kind of secret blowtorch strapped to you dick ? we be not gonna escape , Dale , we be loser , and sinner , and after we die , we be gonna go to hell ! dale we be not loser ! we do that car chase . that be all you , man ! you get away from the cop . I have watch , like , nine billion hour of world wildest police chase and I have never see a guy get away . not once ! but you do it . you do the impossible . suddenly , they both hear someone come . the door open . matheson poke he head , and gun , in . matheson we can hear you out there , and it 's annoying . shut the fuck up . he look Dale and saul up and down , then shut the door . Dale sit down and think , but be disturb by he belt buckle , which be digging into he gut . dale ( whisper ) perfect ! now rub you wrist against my belt ! my belt buckle will cut the tape . do it ! this be it ! saul be hesitant , but awkwardly get in position anyway . dale ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) hurry ! in a unavoidably sexual - look motion , saul begin to gyrate against Dale 's belt buckle . dale ( cont 'd ) ( hushed ) yes ! yes ! you know what this be call , saul ? this be call save you . int . barn - continuous the barn door slide open . Ted and Carol walk in . 98 ted you have they ? budlofsky get they downstairs . carol where do you find they ? budlofsky we find saul at he grandmother 's and Dale Denton bust in here like a madman , armed to the tooth , and - budlofsky look over at the man he shot . budlofsky ( cont 'd ) yeah , he just plugge Frank and then I disarm he . we get `em both hole up downstairs . ted he shot Frank ? jesus. fuckin ' Frank . carol who the fuck be this Dale Denton ? ext . barn - continuous five asian man lay on they stomach in the tree line dress in black and armed with machine gun . one of they stare through a pair of night -vision binocular while utilize a listen device . we see he view of Ted and hear what he hear . ted well , we will torture this two bastard and find out everything they know . what about the shipment ? ready to move out ? budlofsky we will be good to in 10 minute or so . the asian leader nod and do some hand signal to he man . the acknowledge they understand . he hold up a flashlight and flash three time . from the oppose side of the barn two other flashlight blink back . they all get up and start to slowly move towards the barn . 99 int . observation lab - continuous Dale and saul be still " humping " away . dale this be not work . turn around . I be use my mouth . Dale drop to he knee and start gnaw at the tape on saul 's hand . suddenly , they hear approach footstep . saul ( whisper ) someone 's come ! dale ( whisper ) yo - if I cough , I be go to make a move , if I cough twice , you take the lead . get it ? saul ( whisper ) what ? no ! what if you actually cough ? Dale stand up just as matheson walk in , gun draw . Dale look at saul and notice that he 's manage to free he hand . Dale cough twice . saul shoot he a worried look and shake he head . matheson notice . saul cough twice . Dale shoot he a confuse look . saul motion at he and cough twice more . matheson hey man , whatever you be do , I get it , okay ? so just stop it , alright ? just cut it - dale charge directly at matheson !!! blam ! matheson shoot at Dale 's head ! Dale fall to the ground , speck of blood hit saul as he dive forward , tackling matheson into the wall ! the matheson 's gun slide across the room , hit Dale 's motionless body . saul scramble for the gun and grab it . matheson get to he foot . saul turn and - blam ! he shoot matheson in the gut . 100 matheson ( cont 'd ) aaahhhhh !!! saul Holy shit , man ! I be sorry ! matheson writhes in pain . matheson aaahhhhh !!! argh !!! you shot I ! i've never be shot ! help ! help ! aaaaahhhhh !!! saul turn to see Dale lie face down . int . barn - continuous Ted and Carol talk as budlofsky and the thug silently stand by . Ted be hold a large hunt knife . ted have anyone see my bigger knife ? ( beat ) do you guy hear that ? suddenly , there be a explosion and a hole be blow in the barn wall . budlofsky be blast back and badly tear up . budlofsky arg ... asian assassin start pour into the barn . one of they see the wounded budlofsky and blast he away with a machine gun . ted budlofsky !!! asian assassin 1 ( subtitle in Korean ) war be upon you !!! rata -tat-tat !!! everyone open fire ! int . underground storage room - continuous matheson moan and groan behind saul , who be stare at Dale 's motionless body . horrify , he flip Dale over ... he 's alive ! the top of he leave ear have be blow off ! 101 saul Dale ? you be alive ! dale what happen ? saul analyze Dale 's wound . saul they get you ear . behind saul , matheson try to stand up , but immediately fall back down . dale ( difficulty hearing ) my what ? saul here . get up . saul help Dale stand up , freeing he hand . Dale feel he ear . dale ( in pain ) aahhhh !!! my ear !!! Dale turn to the injure matheson . dale ( cont 'd ) you kill my ear !!! matheson ( to saul ) you shot I .. saul ( to matheson ) well , you kneed my ball ! dale you shot he ? Dale notice saul be hold a gun . dale ( cont 'd ) whoa . Dale turn to matheson , who have stop move . 102 dale ( cont 'd ) uh... stay there . they walk out the door and cautiously enter the forest of weed . int . barn - continuous the asian riddle the barn with bullet as they scream at Ted and he man in Korean . the remain thug scamper about , return fire to the asian . Ted and Carol hide behind a vehicle . carol on three . Ted nod . carol ( cont 'd ) one , two , three ! Carol and Ted pop up and unload they gun , hit several of they assailant . they watch in horror as several more creep in through the hole the escalade make . carol ( cont 'd ) you go down . I will take care of this . Ted nod as Carol step out from behind she cover and nail several assassin . rat-a-tat-tat !!! Carol be shot several time in the chest ! she lurch backwards , but do not fall . her bullet proof vest have take the bullet . carol ( cont 'd ) arggg !!! Carol continue fire and kill another attacker as Ted run for the trap door . int . giant underground grow room - continuous Dale and saul slowly make they way through the dense marijuana foliage . saul look at all this fuck weed , man . where the hell be we ? be this some underground weed city we do not know about ? 103 saul suddenly grab Dale and pull he down . saul ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what 's that noise ? dale ( whisper ) I do not know ! that guy just blow half my fuck ear off ! saul ( point across the room ) there 's some dude in here . I see they when I get drag down . and there 's some kind of super - suit or something . dale be they armed ? saul ( whisper ) I do not think so . blam ! blam ! blam ! Dale and saul both scramble along a row of weed planet as bullet ricochet all around they . they continue run and then stop . dale I can not hear they . saul spot a air vent in the middle of the room . saul you could boost I up ! we will sneak out . blam ! blam ! they be be shot at again . dale shoot back ! saul really ? dale yes ! saul hesitantly take aim and pull the trigger . blam ! blam ! blam ! dale ( cont 'd ) now run ! 104 they run and turn several corner when saul suddenly trip over a dead thug . saul dale ah !!! whoa !!! dale ( cont 'd ) Nice . you get he . Dale pick up the thug 's machine gun . suddenly , a thug appear behind saul . thug 7 lance ? Holy fuck ! you son -of - Dale shoot right over saul 's shoulder and nail the thug several time . dale Holy shit . I kill he . saul about time you kill somebody . you be the one whose suppose to be save I , and I `ve kill two bad guy already . saul look to the vent in the middle of the room . Dale look at the pipe , size up saul and himself , and take a deep breath . dale you will never be able to pull I up , but I will boost you up there and you just fuck run for it , man . saul what ? no fuck way , Dale . what about you ? Dale cock he gun . dale do not worry about I . saul whoa . that be awesome . saul tuck the gun in he belt and awkwardly climb atop Dale 's shoulder and tear the vent off . saul ( cont 'd ) you be a good man , Dale Denton . 105 saul lift himself in . suddenly , Dale see Ted enter the room and immediately go for he gun . dale hold on ! saul wha - Dale walk out from under saul , raise he gun , and unload - rata - tat -tat !!! Ted duck as the plant around he be tear asunder . Dale run out of ammo . blam ! blam ! blam ! Ted shoot at saul , who narrowly avoid the gunfire as he pull himself into the vent . Ted redirect he attention to Dale , who be run through the bush . Ted blast off a few shot before Dale vanish into the foliage . ted Denton !!! int . vent - continuous saul wiggle he way through the vent . he turn a corner and - saul ahhh !!! there be a skeleton wedge in the vent . a grate lead out be directly above the corpse . saul squeamishly crawl over the skeleton . saul ( cont 'd ) ew. Gross , man . a fuckin ' dead guy . he spot dog tag around it 's neck as he crawl by . they read : private greg B. Miller . ext . OPEN field - continuous thirty foot from the barn there be a air vent stick out of the ground . the top fly off and saul emerge . he flop onto the ground , then immediately scamper to he and pull out he gun . saul look to the open road to freedom , then back at the barn . saul fuck ... 106 int . giant underground grow room - continuous Dale frantically run through the row of plant , when suddenly he see the strange scuba suit out of the corner of he eye and swing he gun at it , nearly open fire . dale ( whisper ) oh god . Dale slow down to catch he breath , stare at the strange scuba suit . then , he get a idea . angle on : Ted , quietly walk through the room Ted raise he gun as he spin around a corner . ted where be you , you son-of - a-bitch ? Ted turn another corner and see the strange scuba suit . he start to walk past it , when he stop himself . he creep back and look at it , suspicious . he walk closer , breathe as quietly as he can , he gun clench tightly . he slowly reach he hand out to lift the face-hatch . he gently take hold of the latch and be about to open it , when - Dale jump out from behind he and swing a FIRE extinguisher at Ted 's face - slam !!! Ted drop he gun as he fall to the floor . dale ha ! Ted leap upwards and uppercut Dale hard !!! ext . barn - continuous saul inch towards the barn , hearing a melee of gunfire and scream as he near it . he cautiously peer in and watch as Carol shoot a assassin in the chest then spin around and shoot at another assassin who desperately run with a metal briefcase handcuff to he wrist . Carol hit he several time ; he lurch over and fall through the trap door . she smile and drop she empty gun . saul watch Carol as she head towards the trap door . he take a deep breath and charge into the barn , unleash a barrage of bullet at she ! blam blam blam ! click . 107 click . click . none of the bullet hit she . she turn and see saul , who drop he empty gun . saul fuck tha po-lice . they both scream in rage and charge , fist fly as they collide . Carol whip saul around by he collar and hurl he to the ground . she run up and kick he in the gut , time and time again . carol I be a fuck cop , you moron . saul aaaaaaarrrrggggghhh !!! saul leap to he foot and punch Carol in the face . he punch she again . she reach for she mace , so saul kick she in the groin and grab it for himself , then spray she in the face . slam ! he punch she in the face . int . underground facility - continuous Ted and Dale be square off . both be bloody lipped and bruise . Dale continuously shuck and jive on the spot as they talk . dale you can not fuck take I . I be young . virile . Prime of my life . you be old . Old and die . ted I do not know who you be , Denton , or why you be try to ruin my life , but you be fuckin ' dead ! Ted rip off he shirt , revealing dozen of fearsome tattoo and scar . Dale quickly pick a grow light up off the ground . Ted do the same . the hum of the grow light be hear as the two man walk in a circle , square off . ted ( cont 'd ) dale aaaaaahhhhhh !!!! aaaaaahhhhhh !!!! they both swing and they grow light collide , send shard of glass everywhere . 108 both receive several small cut . the immediately charge at each other and be soon grapple on the ground . int . barn - continuous Carol writhes on the ground as saul run towards she with a plank of wood . smash ! he shatter it over she head . Carol drop , unconscious . saul drop to he knee , exhaust . saul crazy huff huff , psycho bitch ... matheson ( o.s. ) hey saul ! saul turn around to see matheson clutching he bleed gut with one hand and a load gun with the other . matheson ( cont 'd ) I owe you one . in the gut . then the ball , and then the - crash !!! Red 's car smashes through the side of the barn and slam into matheson , pulverize he !!! it lurch to a stop directly on top of the hatch lead underground . Red step out of the car . red ( to matheson 's corpse ) you just get kill by a Ford fiesta motherfucker !!! how you like I now !?! saul r... Red ? red saul ! `sup ! dude , I and that Dale guy be rescue you . and get revenge on that whose shot we in the gut . blam ! Red get shot in the gut and drop ! saul red !!! saul spin around to see Carol stand behind he , a machine gun aim . saul ( cont 'd ) oh no ... 109 carol oh yeah ! int . underground facility - continuous Ted and Dale grapple violently on the ground . his gut jiggle as he lunge forward , punch Dale in the throat ! Dale fall to he knee , gasp for air . Ted kick he in the head and pick up he gun . angle on : a asian assassin barely alive , the asian assassin with the briefcase drag himself down the corridor and enter the grow room . he open the briefcase and we see that it be a bomb . the assassin insert a key . Ted stand over Dale , aim the gun to he head , and - ka - boom !!! the briefcase explode !!!. flame sweep over the room as Dale roll for cover . Ted get blast back . int . barn - continuous saul try to be brave as Carol take final aim . carol now prepare to eat shit and die - kaboom !!! the explosion burst up from the hatch with incredible force . saul and Carol get blow back as Red 's Ford fiesta be send fly up in the air . the flame car land directly on Carol and explode . the entire barn be now engulf in flame . int . underground facility - continuous the air thick with weed smoke , Dale slowly rise to he foot . he see Ted slump against the wall , dead , partially aflame . Dale walk over to Ted 's body and take the gun out of he hand . dale sorry , Ted ... he pull a small blue envelope out of he pocket and drop it on Ted . dale ( cont 'd ) ... but you have be serve . 110 Dale turn to see the exit block by a wall of fire . the air be thick with smoke and he can barely breath . Dale look around desperately . he spot the FIRE extinguisher . he look at the flame . he take a deep breath , pick up the fire extinguisher , hurl it with all he might at the fire , and then quickly whip out he gun and shoot at it ! blam ! blam ! blam ! he hit the extinguisher and it explode , blast out the fire in the hallway towards the barn . Dale run like hell . as he bolt down the hallway , the flame rush back in and chase after he . int . barn - continuous the barn start to buckle , when Dale suddenly leap out of the trap door , flame lick he heel . cough profusely , Dale stand in the barn , then realize he pants be on fire . dale Holy fuck ! Holy fuck ! aaaahhhh !!! Dale wriggle out of he pants and kick they away . dale ( cont 'd ) ow. ah. ow. okay ... cough cough he start to walk out of the barn when he suddenly trip over someone . dale ( cont 'd ) saul ! he grab one of the unconscious saul 's foot and start to drag he out of the barn . just a they exit , the barn collapse in on itself , crumble into a massive heap of burn wood . Dale pull saul onto the grass . saul start cough . dale ( cont 'd ) saul ! cough cough you be okay ! saul ( confuse ) cough cough what the fuck happen ? dale we ... cough ...we do it . we beat they . we win . 111 saul no fuck way . seriously ? ( point at the fire ) how do that happen ? dale I have absolutely no idea . saul they be fight asian dude , man . dale asian dude ? so , okay ... maybe this be revenge for that asian dude I see Ted kill . saul so we be , like , in a drug war . that 's cool . dale what 's cool be that you come back for I man . you do , right ? you be not just capture again , be you ? saul Hell no ! I be scott-free . but how the hell be I go to leave you there after you come to save I ? fuck that . they take a few deep breathes and each cough a bunch . suddenly , they see something move in the rubble . red emerge , lightly crisped with he clothes on fire . he role around in the dirt try to put himself out . red motherfucker . motherfucker . Light I on fire ? kill my fiesta ? fucker . dale Red ? you okay ? Red pat out the flame and stand up , all char and cover in dirt . red fuck yeah , I be fine . I be Red . you be makin ' I feel like a break record . now can we get the fuck out of this shit hole . they all stand up . Red put he arm around Dale and saul for support . they start to hobble towards the forest . 112 saul what should we do now ? can we go home ? dale I have gotta get downtown , try and win Angie back . saul tell she you cut off you ear for she , like that crazy artist . ( beat ) but , seriously dude , you joke right ? she will never take you back , ever . just grow up and date a woman you own age . dale do you think we should have look for the ear ? they probably could have be - attach it , eh ? I mean , this ear thing kind of fuck suck . red oh my god , they blow you ear off , man ! fuck that 's gross . can you dude switch side ? I do not want to look at it . saul do not worry , man . look at evander holyfield , he look totally normal . and plus , I see this thing on the Discovery Channel , they can actually grow ear , like , in a petri dish , or even on the side of a mouse . and you only need half of one . it will be a fuckin ' cinch . dale I just realize I have 100 % lose my job by now . I have not call in for day . saul who fuckin ' care ? I think you want to be a talk radio dude anyways ? and , like , I never say anything , but you do have the voice . like , when I do not know what you do , I kind of think you might have be do cartoon voice , you know , like that shrek shit , and that 's why you wear a suit . red you do have a good talk radio voice . I love that shit , too . I ... wait , say something again ? 113 dale what ? why ? red you be that dude whose always call kstar about havin ' two garbage day . I totally agree with you , man . I work out of my house , and it 's , like , one of my main concern , garbage pile up . dale saul , what be you go to do ? saul work at a bong shop . red I be still sell weed . fuck you guy . they walk together in silence , delighted at they new prospect . after a brief moment , saul suddenly seem afraid . he start nervously look back towards the barn . saul do you hear something ? Dale motion at he wounded ear . dale all I hear be ringing . saul dude , I be kind of freakin ' out . like ... I do not know ... like , there might be someone out there . I mean ... how do we know we get they all ? red what the fuck be you guy talkin ' about ? I do not hear shit . Dale start get nervous , but try to hide it . dale well ... the barn do collapse in a ball of fire , and we probably each inhale about ten pound of weed smoke , so ... it 's just , you know - Dale suddenly look over he shoulder , but see nothing . 114 dale ( cont 'd ) ...a little paranoia . saul grab Dale . saul ( whisper ) stop ! they freeze . red ( whisper ) be you guy fuckin ' with I ? dale ( whisper ) what - saul red ( whisper ) ( whisper ) sshh ! sshh ! dale ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what be - saul ( whisper ) sshh ! can you hear that ? dale ( whisper ) what ? red ( whisper ) oh fuck . I be freakin ' out . saul ( whisper ) just listen . Dale listen intently . dale ( whisper ) I literally only hear ringing . they stand in silence . red fuck this noise ! 115 Red push himself off Dale and saul and run into the darkness . dale I be follow he . saul wait ! I too ! with the barn 's flame remain the only light in sight , Dale and saul run off into the endless , dark country side . and as enchant music fill the air , we humbly ... fade to black . the end