fade in : ext . caribbean sea - day a gray , impenetrable wall of fog . from somewhere come the faint SOUND of a little girl be voice , sing , slow tempo , almost under she breath . young elizabeth ( o.s. ) yo , ho , yo , ho , a pirate 's life for I yo , ho , yo , ho , it 's a pirate 's life for I ... suddenly a massive ship emerge from the grey , the wing Victory maidenhead loom . it 's a british dreadnought , the h.m.s. dauntless . formidable , frightening , twenty - five gun port on a side , and rail gun to boot . ext . h.m.s. dauntless - forecastle - day elizabeth swann , strawberry blond hair , stand at the bow railing , gaze at the seas , still sing -- elizabeth ... drink up I hearties , yo , ho ... joshamee gibb , who be bear old , skin a dark leather , clutches she shoulder , startling she . gibb ( sotto ) quiet , missy ! curse pirate sail this water . you want to call them down on we ? Elizabeth stare wide - eye at he . norrington Mr. Gibbs . norrington , a dash young man , Royal navy to the core , glare sternly at Gibbs . stand besides he be governor weatherby swan , a man of obvious high station , brass button on he thick blue jacket . he be Elizabeth 's father . norrington ( cont 'd ) that will do . gibb she be sing about pirate . bad luck to sing about pirate , with we mire in this unnatural fog -- mark my word . norrington consider they mark . on you way . gibb ' aye , Captain . ( as he move off ) bad luck to have a woman on board , too . even a mini'ture one . he return to he deck -swabbing duty , surreptitiously take a quick swig from flask . elizabeth I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate . norrington think again , miss swan . vile and dissolute creature , the lot of they . I intend to see to it that any man who sail under a pirate flag , or wear a pirate brand , get what he deserve : a short drop and a sudden stop . Elizabeth do not know what 'a short drop and a sudden stop ' mean . Gibbs helpfully mime : a man be hang . swan Captain norrington ... I appreciate you fervor , but I be concerned about the effect this subject will have on my daughter . norrington my apology , Governor . elizabeth actually , I find it all fascinating . swan and that 's what concern I . Elizabeth , dear ... we will be landing in Port Royal very soon , and beginning we new life . would not it be wonderful if we comport ourselves as befit we class and station ? elizabeth yes , father . chastise , she turn away , to look out over the bow rail . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) I still think it would be exciting to meet a pirate ... the fog still hem in the ship ; very little of the sea be visible -- -- but suddenly , a figure come into view . a young boy , will turner , float on he back in the otherwise empty water . there be nothing to show where he come from , or how he come to be there . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) look ! a boy ! in the water ! norrington and swann spot he -- norrington man overboard ! elizabeth Boy overboard ! norrington fetch a hook ! haul he out of there ! Quick movement and activity on the deck . sailor use a boathook to snag the boy he the pass . norrington and swann haul he aboard , and lay he on the deck . Elizabeth sidle in for a closer look . norrington ( cont 'd ) he 's still breathe . swan where do he come from ? gibb Mary mother of God ... attention be turn away from the boy -- the sea be no longer empty . wreckage from a ship litter the water ... along with the body of its crew . what be leave of the ship 's hull burn , a rag british flag hang limply from the stern . the h.m.s. dauntless slip silently through it all . the scene call for hushed voice . swan what happen here ? norrington a explosion in the powder magazine . merchant vessel run heavily armed . gibb lot of good it do they ... ( off swan 's look ) everyone 's think it ! I be just say it ! Pirates ! swan there be no proof of that . it could have be a accident . Captain , this man be protection . if there be even the slight chance one of that poor devil be still alive , we cannot abandon they ! norrington of course not , Governor . ( to the crew ) come about and strike the sail ! unlash the boat ! gunnery crew ... jacket off the cannon ! ( to swann ) hope for the best ... prepare for the worst . ( to two sailor ) move the boy aft . we will need the deck clear . they lift the boy . swann pull Elizabeth away from the rail , away from the hideous scene in the water . swan Elizabeth , I want you to accompany the boy . he 's in you charge now . you will watch over he ? Elizabeth nod gravely . swann hurry away to help unstow the longboat . the sailor lay the boy gently on the poop deck , behind the wheel , then hurry off . Elizabeth kneel down besides the boy . his good look be not lose on she . she reach out , gently brushes the blond hair from he eye -- suddenly , he grab she wrist , awake now . Elizabeth be startle , but they eye lock . she take he hand in hers . elizabeth my name be Elizabeth swann . will will Turner . elizabeth I be watch over you , will . he clutches she hand , then slip back into unconsciousness . his movement have open the collar of he shirt ; Elizabeth see he wear a chain around he neck . she tug it free , revealing -- a gold medallion . one side be blank . she turn it over -- a skull gaze up at she . vaguely Aztec in design , but to she eye , it mean one thing only : elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you be a pirate . she glance back at the crew . see norrington , give order , move toward she . she look back at will -- come to a quick decision . take the medallion from around he neck . hide it under she coat . norrington arrive . norrington do he speak ? elizabeth his name be will Turner -- that 's all I find out . norrington very good . norrington hurry off . Elizabeth steal away to the stern of the ship . examine she prize -- the gold medallion . a wisp of wind , and she look up -- out over the sea , move through the fog , silent as a ghost , be a large sailing ship , a schooner -- it have black sail . Elizabeth stare , too frighten to move , or cry out . the ship be obscure by the fog it as it pass -- but not the mizzen - top ... and there hang the frightening skull and crossbone of the jolly Roger . Elizabeth look from it to the medallion -- the skull on the flag be the same as the one on the medallion . fog surround and close in on the black ship -- except for the black flag . as Elizabeth watch , the skull appear to turn and grin at she -- Elizabeth shut she eye tight -- EIGHT year later int . governor's mansion - elizabeth' bedroom -- and then snap open again , startle wide with fear . but this be no longer twelve - year- old Elizabeth stand on the stern of the dauntless ; this be twenty - year - old Elizabeth , lie in bed in the dark . she remain motionless ( be the image we just see a nightmare , or a jumble childhood memory ? ) Elizabeth slowly look as far out the corner of she eye as possible without move . might there be someone in the room with she , loom over she ? she turn , ready for anything . she be alone . Elizabeth sit up , turn up the flame on a oil lamp besides the canopy bed . she carry the lamp across the room to a dress table , sit down . she pull one of the small drawer all the way out , reach into a space beneath it and remove -- the medallion . she have keep it all this time . it have not lose its luster -- or its sense of menace . she gaze at it as she absently return the draw to its place -- a booming knock on the door ; Elizabeth jump up , startle knock over she chair . swann ( o.s. ) Elizabeth ? be everything all right ? be you decent ? elizabeth yes -- yes . she put the medallion on , throw on a dress gown as swann enter , carry a large box . a uniform may , estrella , follow . swann still abed at this hour ? it 's a beautiful day ! estrella pull back the heavy curtain , revealing : beneath a blue sky lie the bucolic town of port royal , build on a natural harbor . on a bluff at the mouth of the harbor stand fort charle , its stone parapet line with cannon . swann ( cont 'd ) I have a gift for you . he open the box , and display for she a gorgeous velvet dress . she let out a admire gasp . elizabeth it 's -- beautiful . May I inquire as to the occasion ? swann be a occasion necessary for a father to dote upon he daughter with gift ? Elizabeth happily take it , disappear behind a screen - off dress area . estrella follow , carry the box . swann ( cont 'd ) although ... I do think you could wear it to the ceremony today . elizabeth ( o.s. ) ceremony ? swann Captain norrington 's promotion ceremony . Elizabeth peek around the screen . elizabeth I know it . swann or , rather , commodore norrington ... a fine gentleman , do not you think ? ( no answer ) he fancy you , you know . behind the screen , Elizabeth gasp . swann ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth ? how 's it come ? on elizabeth -- she hold she hair and the medallion ( still around she neck ) out of the way as the may cinch she into a corset over she slip . estrella have she foot in Elizabeth 's back as she pull the lace tight . elizabeth difficult ... to say . swann ( o.s. ) I be tell that dress be the very latest fashion in London . elizabeth ( hold she breath ) woman in London must have learn to not breath . estrella be finish . Elizabeth take a breath -- and wince . a butler appear in the doorway of the room . butler Governor ? a caller be here for you . int . governor's mansion - foyer - day the caller , dress in rough clothing , stand in the foyer , look very out of place , and know it . he hold a long presentation case . he polish the toe of he boot on the back of he calve , but it do not help . swann ah , Mr. Turner ! it 's good to see you again ! the caller turn -- it be will turner . handsome , with a watchful demeanor that give he weight beyond he year . will good day , sir . ( hold out the case ) I have you order . swann hurry to he , open the case . Inside be a beautiful dress sword and scabbard . swann take it out reverently . will ( cont 'd ) will ( cont 'd ) the blade be fold steel . that 's gold filigree laid into the handle . if I may - he take the sword from swann , and balance it on one finger at the point where the blade meet the guard . will ( cont 'd ) perfectly balanced . the tang be nearly the full width of the blade .. swann impressive . .. very impressive . commodore norrington will be pleased , I be sure . do pass my compliment on to you master . will 's face fall . clearly , the work be he , and he be proud of it . with practice ease , he flip the sword around , catch it by the hilt and return it to the case . will ( bow slightly ) I shall . a craftsman be always pleased to hear he work be appreciate -- he stop speak abruptly , stare past swann - Elizabeth stand on the stair . grant , the dress may be painful to wear , but holy smoke ! swann Elizabeth ! you look stun ! will try to speak , but can not . he give up , smile to himself , and simply nod emphatically . elizabeth will ! it 's so good to see you ! her hand go to the chain around she throat ( the medallion be hide in the bodice of she dress ) . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I dreamt about you last night . will react with surprise : " really ? swann Elizabeth , this be hardly appropriate - elizabeth ( ignore she father ) about the day we meet . do you remember ? will I could never forget it , miss swann . elizabeth will , how many time must I ask you to call I ' Elizabeth ' ? will at least once more , miss swann . as always . Elizabeth be disappointed and a little hurt by he response . swann well say ! there 's a boy who understand propriety . now , we must be go . swann take the case from will , open the door for Elizabeth . Elizabeth straighten she back , gather she skirt and stride past will . elizabeth good day , Mr. Turner . ext . governor's mansion - day swann follow Elizabeth out the door . will good day . he watch as she be help aboard a carriage by the driver . will ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) Elizabeth . in the carriage : swann glower at he daughter . swann dear , I do hope you demonstrate a bit more decorum in front of commodore norrington . after all , it be only through he effort that Port Royal have become at all civilized . ext . port royal - harbor - day the skeletal remain of four pirate , still clad in buccaneer rag , hang from gallow erect on a rocky promontory . there be a fifth , unoccupy gallow , bear a sign : pirate - ye be warned . the top of a billow sail pass regally in front of they . on the landward face of the sail , apparently high in the rigging , be a man for whom the term ' swashbuckle rogue ' be coin : Captain jack sparrow . he gaze keen - eye at the display as they pass . raise a tankard in salute . suddenly , something below catch he attention . he jump from the rigging - -- and that 's when we see that he be ship be not a impose three - master , but just a small fishing dory with a single sail , plow through the water -- the jolly mon . and it leak . which be why he have the tankard : to bail . Jack step back to the tiller , and use a single sheet to control the sail , and the jolly mon come around the promontory , the whole of Port Royal laid out before he . the huge british dreadnought , h.m.s. dauntless dominate the bay . but Jack 's attention be on a different ship : the h.m.s. Interceptor , a small sleek vessel with rail gun and a mortar in the middle of the main deck . it be tie up at the navy landing , at the base of the cliff below Fort Charles . ext . port royal - dock - day smoothly and with no waste movement , Jack haul down the sail , stow it , guide the dory alongside a dock . the harbormaster , a long ledger tuck under he arm , be there to catch a line and help Jack tie up . harbormaster if you be out roll scupper in this tub , you be either incredibly brave or incredibly stupid . jack it 's remarkable how often that two trait coincide . he start up the dock , strapping on he sword belt ; besides the scabbard , it also carry a compass , pistol and small powder horn . the harbormaster cut he off . harbormaster it 's a shilling for the dock space , and you be go to have to give I you name . jack what do you say to three shilling , and we forget the name ? he toss three shilling onto the ledger . the harbormaster consider , then shut the ledger on the coin , step aside . harbormaster welcome to Port Royal , Mr. Smith . Jack give he a half - salute as he go past . look across the water toward the Interceptor -- and smile . above the Interceptor , among the parapet of Fort Charles , a ceremony be underway - ext . fort charle - day with choreograph precision , swann remove the sword and scabbard from the presentation case , hold by a uniform navy man . he slide the sword into the scabbard , hold it out vertically to norrington , in full dress uniform . norrington grasp the scabbard above swann 's hand , and swann let go . norrington draw the sword , flourish the sword , and snap the blade up in front of he face . swann step forward , pin a medal to norrington 's jacket , step back . norrington nod , turn smartly and nod to he fellow officer , turn again and nod to the audience - dignitary , merchant , plantation owner , they family . another flourish , and he return the sword to its scabbard . the silence be break by loud applause . backslapp from the navy man . in the audience , Elizabeth do not look so good , out beneath the hot sun . she applaud briefly , then wince . discreetly try to adjust the corset through the material of the dress , then resume clap , try to hide she discomfort . ext . port royal - navy dock - day two sailor on sentry duty , murtogg and mullroy , take advantage of what little shade there be on the dock . but when Jack saunter up , they be immediately on alert . murtogg this dock be off-limit to civilian . jack sorry , I do not know . Music drift down from Fort Charles . Jack look up , shield he eye . jack ( cont 'd ) some sort of to - do up at the fort , eh ? you two be not invite ? murtogg no ... someone have to make sure this dock stay off-limit to civilian . jack this must be some important boat . mullroy ship . jack ship . murtogg Captain norrington 's make it he flagship . he will use it to hunt down the last dregs of piracy on the Spanish Lake . mullroy commodore . murtogg right . commodore norrington . jack that 's a fine goal , I be sure ... but it seem to I a ship like that -- ( indicate the dauntless ) -- make this one here just a wee superfluous . murtogg oh , the dauntless be the power in this water , true enough -- but there 's no ship that can match the Interceptor for speed . jack that so ? I have hear of one , suppose to be fast , nigh uncatchable ... the Black Pearl ? mullroy scoff at the name . mullr0y there 's no real ship as can match the Interceptor . murtogg the Black Pearl be a real ship . mullroy no , it 's not . murtogg yes it be . I have see it . mullr0y you have see it ? murtogg yes . mullroy you have see the Black Pearl ? murtogg yes . mullr0 y you have not see it . murtogg yes , I have . mullr0y you have see a ship with black sail that 's crewe by the damned and captain by a man so evil that hell itself spat he back out ? murtogg ... no . mullroy no . murtogg but I have see a ship with black sail . mullr0y oh , and no ship that 's not crewe by the damned and captain by a man so evil hell itself spat he back out could possibly have black sail and therefore could not possibly be any ship other than the Black Pearl . be that what you be say ? murtogg ... no . mullr0y ( turn back to Jack ) like I say , there 's no real ship as can match -- hey ! but Jack 's not there . murtogg and mullroy look around , spot - Jack stand at the wheel of the Interceptor , casually examine the mechanism . mullroy ( cont 'd ) you ! Jack look over in exaggeratedly innocent surprise . the sailor hurry toward the gangplank . mullroy ( cont 'd ) get away from there ! you do not have permission to be aboard there ! Jack spread he hand in apology . jack I be sorry . it 's just such a pretty boat . ship . the sailor study he suspiciously . murtogg what 's you name ? jack Smith . mullr0y what 's you business in Port Royal , ' Mr. Smith ' ? murtogg and no lie ! jack none ? very well . you have rumble I . I confess : I intend to commandeer one of this ship , pick up a crew in tortuga , and go out on the account , do a little honest pirate . murtogg I say , no lie . mullr0y I think he 's tell the truth . murtogg he 's not tell the truth . mullroy he may be . murtogg if he be tell the truth he would not have tell we . jack unless , of course , he know you would not believe the truth if he tell it to you . murtogg and mullroy consider that point -- ext . fort charle - day Elizabeth , pale and perspire , fan herself weakly , oblivious to the music and chatter . norrington May I have a moment ? he extend he arm . she take it . he walk she away from the party , toward the parapet . a rather too long of a silence as norrington work up he courage . norrington ( cont 'd ) ( a burst ) you look lovely . Elizabeth . Elizabeth frown , unable to focus . norrington mistake she expression as disapproval . norrington ( cont 'd ) I apologize if I seem forward -- but I must speak my mind . norrington ( cont 'd ) ( work up he confidence to do so ) this promotion confirm that I have accomplish the goal I set for myself in my career . but it also cast into sharp relief that which I have not achieve . the thing all man most require : a marriage to a fine woman . ( beat ) you have become a fine woman , Elizabeth . elizabeth I can not breathe . norrington ( smile ) I be a bit nervous , myself -- Elizabeth lose she balance , stumble away from norrington . she reach a hand out to the parapet to steady herself , but it slide off - -- and then she vanish over the wall . go . norrington ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth ! . ext . port royal - navy dock - day Jack react , push murtogg aside to see - Elizabeth plummet from the top of the cliff . it seem to take she a long time to reach the sea -- Elizabeth hit the water , narrowly miss the sharp rock . a wave break , and then she be wash out away from the cliff , struggle feebly . at the fort , norrington look down -- norrington elizabeth ! he leap to the top of the parapet , prepare to dive -- a lieutenant , gillette catch he arm . gillette the rock , sir ! it 's a miracle she miss they ! norrington shake off he arm , look down -- and realize gillette be right . he jump down and run -- ext . port royal - navy dock - day Jack , murtogg and mullroy be still in shock from the sight . jack be not you go to save she ? mullr0y I can not swim . murtogg shake he head -- neither do he . jack ( roll he eye ) sailor . above where Elizabeth struggle in the water . norrington and several other man pick they way down the cliff . they be too far away to get to she in time . Jack scowl . he have no choice -- and it piss he off . jack ( cont 'd ) Fine . he pull a pistol from he sword belt , hand it to murtogg ; then hand the belt to mullroy . jack ( cont 'd ) do not lose this . and then he dive into the water , swim toward Elizabeth . Elizabeth struggle to keep above water , gasp for air '- then a swell roll over she , and she be submerge - underwater , Elizabeth drift down , unconscious . the current turn she , and the medallion slip loose from she bodice . the medallion turn slowly , until the skull be fully visible . a shaft of filter sunlight hit it , and it glint - ext . port royal - various - day fort charle : the british flag fly , blow from a offshore breeze . suddenly the wind die , and the flag go limp . on the dock : Wood and metal fitting on line bang against mast . the wind die , and there be silence . on the edge of town : a caribe woman feed cluck chicken , frown when they all suddenly go quiet ... in the village : a weather vane move slightly in the wind . the wind stop , and all be still . and then ... ... the weather vane turn , and hold steady -- the wind have pick up again , but now blow . from the sea toward the land . l ) on the beach : a old salt pull a rope line , pause . turn and gaze to the sky , frown . the mangy hound at he side start barking incessantly - on the dock : the line bang against the other side of the mast , the wind far stronger now . fort charle : the british flag fly in the opposite direction , snap in the new onshore breeze . ext . port royal - cliffside - day norrington rush down , intent on the climb . Beyond he , past the rocky point , far out to sea , fog gather - ext . port royal - ocean - day underwater : the medallion hang below Elizabeth 's unmove form - - and then Jack be there . he wrap a arm around she and make for the surface . on the surface , Jack swim toward the dock , struggle . it be .: far more difficult than it should be . he stop stroking , and they submerge . underwater : Jack realize that it be Elizabeth 's heavy velvet dress that be weigh they down . he pull at the button on the back , and they give way . he skin she out of the dress , and kick away from it . the dress fall like a cloud into darkness - on the surface : Jack swim with Elizabeth , much more quickly . at the dock , murtogg and mullroy be there to help haul Elizabeth out of the water . Jack climb up , exhaust . Elizabeth be on she back ; murtogg hold she arm above she head , pump they . mullroy put he cheek to she nose and mouth . mullroy not breathe . murtogg look down ; it seem hopeless . Jack step up , draw murtogg 's knife from its sheath . jack move . he push past mullroy , kneel over Elizabeth , raise the knife -- murtogg be shocked - Jack slit the corset down the middle , yank it away . Elizabeth remain still . and then -- she cough up water and gasp , choke on she first full breath . Jack be relieved . mullroy I never would have think of that . jack clearly , you have never be to Singapore . Jack flip the knife and hand it hilt - first to murtogg - and that 's when he spot - the medallion . Jack catch it up in he " hand . jack ( cont 'd ) where do you get this ? before Elizabeth can answer , the blade of a sword be at Jack 's throat -- norrington 's new ceremonial sword , in fact , look bright and sharp . norrington on you foot . it look bad -- Jack stand over Elizabeth , most of she clothes go . he get to he foot . the rest of Elizabeth 's erstwhile rescuer reach the scene , include swann . swann Elizabeth ! be you all right ? he strip off he jacket , drape it around she . elizabeth yes -- yes , I be fine -- commodore norrington , do you intend to kill my rescuer ? norrington look at Jack . Jack nod as best he can with a blade beneath he chin . norrington sheathes he sword , and extend he hand . norrington I believe thanks be in order . Jack take norrington 's hand gingerly . they shake - -- and norrington tighten he grip , yank Jack 's arm toward he , then tear back the sleeve of Jack 's shirt - -- expose a brand on Jack 's inner wrist : a large ' p . ' norrington ( cont 'd ) have a brush - up with the East India Trading company , do you ... pirate ? the other react in shock , but the sailor be well - train -- in a instant , half a dozen pistol be aim at Jack . he stand there , still hold the corset . norrington ( cont 'd ) keep you gun on he , man . gillette , fetch some iron . norrington notice something else -- below the ' p ' brand be a tattoo : a small bird in flight across water . norrington ( cont 'd ) well , well ... Jack sparrow , be not it ? jack Captain Jack sparrow . if you please . norrington look out at the bay . norrington I do not see you ship -- Captain . murtogg he say he would come to commandeer one . mullroy ( to murtogg ) I tell you he be tell the truth . ( curry favor ) this be he , sir . he hold out Jack 's pistol and belt . norrington take the pistol , examine it , note the powder horn on Jack 's belt . norrington ( to Jack ) extra powder , but no additional shot . Jack shrug . norrington unhook the compass from the belt , open it . he frown at the read . move the compass this way and that , keep it parallel to the ground . norrington ( cont 'd ) it do not bear true . Jack look away , a bit embarrassed . norrington return the compass to the belt . draw the sword half from the scabbard . norrington ( cont 'd ) I half - expect it to be make of wood . he slide it back into the scabbard , hand it to mullroy . norrington ( cont 'd ) take stock : you have get a pistol with only one shot , a compass that do not point north ... and no ship . you be without a doubt the worst pirate I have ever hear of . jack ah , but you have hear of I . gillette return with shackle , approach Jack . norrington carefully , lieutenant . Elizabeth step forward . swann 's jacket slip off she . she be unconcern , but he be intent on put it back on she . elizabeth commodore , I must protest . pirate or not , this man save my life . norrington one good deed be not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness . gillette snap the manacle close on Jack 's wrist . jack but it seem to be enough to condemn he . norrington ( smile ) indeed . now that Jack be safely chain , norrington nod to he man . all but one stow they weapon , and two step forward - jack finally . lightn -quick , he snap the corset around the hand and wrist of the man hold the pistol and yank . the pistol sail into the water . before anyone can react to that , Jack have the manacle chain wrap around Elizabeth 's throat . pistol be draw again , but now Elizabeth serve as a shield . norrington raise a caution hand to he man . jack ( cont 'd ) ( back away , toward land ) commodore norrington ... my pistol and belt , please . norrington hesitates , ball he fist in frustration . jack ( cont 'd ) commodore ! mullroy hand the pistol and belt to norrington . norrington hold they out to Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth -- it be Elizabeth ? Elizabeth be more angry than frighten . elizabeth miss swann . jack miss swann , if you will be so kind ? she take the belt and pistol from norrington -- Jack 's quick than she be , and take the pistol from she . he jerk she around so she be face he , belly to belly . jack ( cont 'd ) now , if you will be very kind ? she figure out what he want : put the belt on he . elizabeth ( as she work ) you be despicable . jack I save you life ; now you have save mine . we be square . done . he turn she again , and then back up until he bump against the cargo gantry . jack ( cont 'd ) gentleman . .. m ' lady . .. you will always remember this as the day you almost catch Captain Jack sparrow . he shove Elizabeth away , grab a rope and pull free a belay pin -- a counterweight drop and Jack be lift up to the middle of the gantry , where he grab a second rope - pistol fire -- and miss . Jack swing out , out , out , away and around from the gantry . norrington have hold he shot . with careful aim , he track Jack 's trajectory - Jack drop from the rope even as norrington fire . his shot tear the rope - -- as Jack plummet past one of the gantry 's guy line , he snap the length of manacle chain over the line and grab hold of the far loop -- slide down the line - -- drop to the deck of a ship . he run , leaping to another ship , then out of sight - norrington on he heel ! gillette , bring a squad down from the fort ! ( to Elizabeth ) Elizabeth , be you - elizabeth yes , I be all right , I be fine ! go capture he . norrington 's take aback by she ire , and wisely hurry away . swann drape he coat around Elizabeth . swann here , dear ... you should wear this . Elizabeth shiver , find suddenly that she be cold . glance out at the bay - -- where a thick fog move across the top of the water . she take the jacket . elizabeth thank you , Father ... and let that be the last of you fashion advice , please . but she accept he comforting embrace . ext . port royal - town - alley - day the fog creep through , casting a eerie twilight pall . a armed search party move along the street . they glance down a alley - on the far side be another search party . the man nod to each other , continue on . a moment , and then Jack drop from he hide place beneath the eave of a building . he still wear the manacle . across the street be a shop with barn door , a pass - through door set in the middle . above be a sign with a black anvil . int . blacksmith's forge - day Jack slip in through the door , take a look around : no window . the forge be dark , light by lantern . work - in - progress be scattered about : wagon wheel , wringht iron gate , pipe -- even a cannon with a crack in it . but every tool be in place ; the workbench be tidy and neat . Jack be startle by a noise : mister brown , in a blacksmith 's apron , snore in the corner , cradling a bottle . Jack give he a hard poke . another . Brown snort , turn away . satisfied , Jack sheathes he sword , take a short - handle sledge from its place on the wall . move to the glow coke furnace in the middle of the room . slowly ... he hold he right hand over the furnace , the chain down in the ember . the chain begin to glow . Jack sweat , grimace at the pain - move quickly , he wrap the chain around the nose of a anvil , bring the sledge down with a fast , hard stroke on the glow link . one shatter . Jack drop the sledge , plunge he manacle hand in a bucket of water . steam billow . Jack pull he hand out , flexe it . blister form beneath the manacle -- but he hand be free . the SOUND of the latch on the door -- Jack dive for cover . will enter the forge , shut the door behind he . spot the drunken mister Brown in the corner . will right where I leave you . something catch he eye : a empty peg on the wall . the sledge lie beside the anvil . will ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) not where I leave you . he move casually toward the sledge . then grab for it -- but the flat of a sword blade slap he hand . will jump back . Jack stand there , sword levele at will . he back will up , toward the door . will glare at he . will ( cont ' D ) ( voice low and tight ) you be the one they be hunt . the pirate . Jack acknowledge it with a tip of he head ... then frown , regards will . jack you look familiar ... have I ever threaten you before ? will I have make a point of avoid familiarity with pirate . jack ah . then it would be a shame to put a black mark on you record . so if you will excuse I ... beside the door be a grindstone , a sword rest in the hone guide . before Jack can react , will have it in hand . jack ( cont 'd ) do you think this be wise , boy ? cross blade with a pirate ? will you threaten miss swann . jack only a little . in response , will assume a en garde position . Jack appraise he , unhappy to see will know what he 's do . Jack attack . the two man stand in one place , trading feint , thrust and parry with lightning speed , almost impossible to follow . will have no trouble match Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) you know what you be do , I will give you that ... excellent form ... but how 's you footwork ? if I step here - he take a step around a imaginary circle . will step the other way , maintain he relationship to Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) very good ! and if I step again , you step again . . . ( continue to step around the circle ) and so we circle , circle , like dog we circle . . . they be now exactly opposite they initial position . jack ( cont 'd ) ta ! Jack turn and head for the door , now directly behind he . will register angry surprise -- and then with a vicious overhand motion , he throw he sword - -- the sword bury itself into the door , just above the latch , barely miss Jack . Jack register it , then pull on the latch , but it will not move up -- the sword be in the way . Jack rattles the latch . tug on the sword a few time -- it be really stick in there . Jack mouth a curse , but when he turn back to will , he 's smile . jack ( cont ' D ) that 's a good trick . except , once again , you be between I and the way out . ( point he sword at the back door ) and now you have no weapon . eye on Jack , will simply pick up a new sword from a anvil . Jack slump in dismay -- but then leap forward . will and Jack duel . they blade flash and ring . suddenly , Jack swing the chain still manacle to he leave hand at will 's head . will duck it , come up wide - eye . then Jack 's chain smashes across will 's sword , disarming he . will quickly pick up another sword . Jack become aware that the entire room be fill with blade weapon : sword , knife , board axe in various stage of completion . jack ( cont 'd ) who make all this ? will I do . and I practice with they . at least three hour a day . jack you need to find yourself a girl . ( will set he jaw ) or maybe the reason you practice three hour a day be you have find one -- but can not get she ? a direct hit -- and will coil even more tightly with anger . will no . I practice three hour a day so that when I meet a pirate ... I can kill he . he explode : kick a rack , cause a sword to fall into he hand ; use he foot to bring he drop sword into the air , catch it -- and attack Jack , both blade flash . Jack parry with sword and chain . Jack 's chain wrap around will 's sword ; will twist the handle of he guard through a link , and stab the sword up into the ceiling - so Jack 's manacle leave arm be now suspend from the ceiling . not good . he parry use one hand , twist and dodging around the furnace - Jack compress the bellow , blow a shower of SPARKS into will 's face . Jack grab the chain , hoist himself up , kick with he foot , knock will back . Jack use he full weight , yank the sword from the ceiling . hurl a wooden mallet at will , then a second , hit will on the wrist . will drop he sword , fall down , get up - Jack 's pistol be aim directly between will 's eye . will step back , directly in front of the back exit . glare , rub he wrist gingerly . will ( cont 'd ) you cheat . jack ( smile ; what do you expect ? ) pirate . Jack step forward . will step back , fully block the door . jack ( cont 'd ) move away . will no . jack move ! will no . I can not just step aside and let you escape . Jack cock the pistol . will stare back . the stand - off last for a long moment . jack you be lucky , boy -- this shot 's not mean for you . Jack uncock the pistol . will be surprised , reassess Jack - suddenly , mister Brown slam he bottle against Jack 's skull . Jack crumple to the ground . the front and back door smash open , and sailor fill the room . norrington push forward , see Jack on the ground . norrington excellent work , mister Brown . you have aid in the capture of a dangerous fugitive . brown just do my civic duty . Jack groan . norrington stand over he , smile . norrington I believe you will always remember this as the day Captain Jack sparrow almost escape . norrington 's man haul Jack away . will watch they go . Brown look at he bottle -- break . brown that ratter break my bottle . ext . port royal - night the thick fog blanket the entire bay now , and the town . the only structure visible be Fort Charles , high on the bluff , like a tall ship sailing a sea of grey . above the Fort be a clear black sky sprinkle with star . a waxing moon shine , give both Fort and fog a eerie glow . angle - fort charle , just below the stone parapet of the fort , visible briefly deep in the fog , like a shark fin slice through the water : the topmast of a ship , black sail billow . Flying from the mast be a flag with white Aztec skull . the Black Pearl have come to Port Royal . int . governor's mansion - elizabeth' bedroom - night a may remove a bed warmer from the fireplace , slide it between the sheet at the end of Elizabeth 's bed . elizabeth Nice and toasty . thank you , estrellia . the may nod , exit . Elizabeth open a book , begin read , toy absently with the medallion chain around she neck . the lamp flame begin to diminish . Elizabeth try to turn it up . no good . the flame go out , and the room be black . int . blacksmith's forge - night will , shirtless , wear a leather apron , heat a iron ingot at the furnace , hammer it flat -- he stop . his attention be draw to the window . he open the shutter and peer out -- nothing but fog . almost without notice , he reach for a board axe hang on the wall . take it down ; it have a satisfy weight in he hand . int . cell block - night close on : a mutt of a dog , hold a ring of key in he mouth . Three seedy - look prisoner try to coax the dog to they cell door . one hold a loop of rope ; another waggle a bone . the dog just sit and cock its head . prisoner come here , boy ... want a nice , juicy bone ? in a adjoin cell , Jack lie on a pile of straw . jack you can keep do that forever , that dog 's never go to move . prisoner Excuse we if we be not resign ourselves to the gallow just yet . ext . fort charle - parapete - night a noose hang from a gallow in the courtyard . norrington and swann walk along the far wall . swann have my daughter give you a answer yet ? norrington no . she have not . swann well , she have a taxing day ... ghastly weather tonight . norrington bleak . very bleak . from the distance , there be a boom - swann what be that ? -- and then the whistle of a income ball -- norrington cannon fire ! he tackle swann as the wall of the parapet explode -- int . cell block - night Jack sit up . there be more boom - jack I know that gun ! he peer out through the bar of the window . the other prisoner crowd around they window as well . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's the Black Pearl . prisoner ( frighten ) the Black Pearl ? I have hear storey ... she 's be preying on ship and settlement for near ten year ... and never leave any survivor . jack there be a lot of storey about the Black Pearl . ext . port royal - harbor - night the Black Pearl still cannot be see -- but the fog light up around she with each boom of she gun . she 's fire on both side now , hammer both the fort and the town . ext . port royal - town - night street , building , dock and ship shatter and explode beneath the onslaught . villager panic , run for cover , dodge fly debris as best they can . if this be not hell on earth , then it 's about to be -- -- long boat emerge out of the fog , carry armed pirate . they swarm from the boat , strike down , villager indiscriminately and set fire . int . blacksmith's forge - night will slip the board axe into he belt at the small of he back . he put a dirk in he belt , then a second and a third . he pick up a second axe and a sword . will slide back the door of the forge -- a woman run past , chase by a one -armed pirate wear a yellow bandeau . will backhand the axe square into he chest , a deadly blow . will head out , up the street -- ext . fort charle - parapete - night the moon be obscure by smoke rise from the burn gallow and wooden roof . cannon fire continue to rain down , but the fort 's own cannon now return fire . norrington Governor ! barricade yourself in my office ! ( swann hesitates ) that 's a order ! swann turn to go -- but find himself face - to- face with a pirate -- koehler , a handsome blond man with gold earring . Beyond koehler , more pirate come up over the far wall . koehler grin and raise a cutlass - -- norrington 's sword block koehler 's slash . norrington ( cont 'd ) they have flanke we ! Men ! sword and pistol ! the battle be join -- int . governor's mansion - elizabeth for S bedroom - night Elizabeth look out a window at the scene below : even through the fog , multiple fire be visible , and ship burn in the harbor . shout and cry of pain . cannon fire echoes . she notice movement directly below she window : two shadowy figure , approach the house -- pirate . Elizabeth bolt from she room -- int . second floor hallway - night she reach the railing overlook the foyer , and cry out , just as the butler open the door -- too late ; there be the boom of a gun , and the butler crumple . Elizabeth duck down in horror , peer through the baluster . the pirate scan the foyer , search . the leader be pintel , a sallow - look pirate with a bald head . suddenly pintel look up , and lock eye with Elizabeth . how could he know she be there ? pintel up there ! the pirate rush for the stair . Elizabeth scramble back into the nearest room -- int . sitting room - night Elizabeth shut the door , lock it , listen as the pirate pound up the stair -- estrella miss Elizabeth ? Elizabeth jump . estrella be right behind she , terrify . they whisper : estrella ( cont 'd ) be they come to kidnap you , miss ? the daughter of the governor would be very valuable . Elizabeth realize she 's right . there be the slam of a body against the door . elizabeth listen , estrella -- they have not see you . hide , and first chance , run for the fort . estrella nod . another slam at the door -- it give a bit - - Elizabeth shove estrella into the corner , between a tall wardrobe and the wall . dash for the side door . when the door smashes inward , it slam into the wardrobe , and the may can not be see . the pirate run in -- spot the open side door , and run for it -- int . elizabeth' bedroom - night pintel be the first through , and get the pan of the bed warmer in the face for he trouble -- he stagger back , hold he nose -- int . sitiing room - night estrella break cover , run for the hall , unnotice . int . elizabeth' bedroom - night -- Elizabeth swing the bed warmer at the second pirate , but he catch it by the handle -- Elizabeth can not jerk it free , so she wrench it over -- the pan lid swing down , banging the second pirate -- hot coal spill on he head , sizzling . Elizabeth dash for the hallway stair - int . second floor hallway / foyer - continuous - night the pirate burst from the bedroom -- pintel go for the stair , but the second pirate vault the handrail -- estrella register the butler 's body , but continue out the still - open front door at a dead run . Elizabeth follow -- the second pirate land between Elizabeth and the front door . his face be burned , he hair smolder -- he reach - - Elizabeth pull up short , run the other way -- pintel , on the stair , grab she by the hair -- Elizabeth do not slow -- she spin , grab pintel 's arm with both hand and pull he hard , belly - first , into the cap of the newel post -- he let go of she hair -- Elizabeth keep go int . dine room - night Elizabeth slam the double door shut , throw the bolt . the interior shutter be close over the window . above the fireplace be two cross sword . Elizabeth climb on the firebox ; she grab one of the sword by the hilt and pull -- but it will not come free . both sword be securely attach to the wall . damn ! a smash from the door -- the pirate be relentless - on the table be a platter with fruit , cheese and bread . Elizabeth grab the knife from the platter - like any bread knife , it have a round point . Elizabeth jab it into she palm -- it 's useless as a weapon . double damn ! the blade of a board axe breach the door -- the pirate will be through soon -- Elizabeth look around - int . first floor hallway - night the door give way ; the pirate charge through - int . dine room - continuous - night empty . Elizabeth nowhere to be see . pintel and smolder pirate search , under the table , behind drapery . pintel we know you be here , poppet . come out and we promise we will not hurt you . smolder pirate give he look -- he want to hurt she plenty . pintel shake he head : ' do not worry , I be lie . ' pintel ( cont 'd ) we will find you , poppet ... you have get something of ours , and it call to we ! int . dumbwaiter - night Elizabeth hide in the dumbwaiter box , wrap around the double pulley rope that go through the center . pintel ( o.s. ) the gold call to we ! Elizabeth register that -- she pull out the medallion , rub the gold with she thumb . this be they objective . Light spill into the- box through gap in the top as the door above be sly open -- Elizabeth look up through the gap - pintel leer down at she . pintel ( cont 'd ) hello , poppet . Elizabeth work the rope to lower the box . pintel pull the other way ; he 's stronger , and the box rise . Elizabeth try to stop it -- wrap she leave forearm through the rope and let it jam against the top of the box . Elizabeth gasp at the pain , but the box stop . she saw at the rope with the bread knife . smolder pirate help pull the rope , crush Elizabeth 's forearm . tear of pain on she face , she keep saw - the rope part , and the dumbwaiter box plummet - int . kitchen - night from behind the door of the dumbwaiter come a crash , and a cloud of dust . the door slide open , and Elizabeth clamber out . her head be cut , she be streak with dirt , and can barely stand . she lean over the table , try to recover . the sound of run footstep get louder ... elizabeth please , no ... Elizabeth touch the chain of the medallion ... and a desperate idea occur to she . the pirate burst through the door . Elizabeth back away , hold the bread knife out to ward they off . they come around either side of the table , stalking she - elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( gasp it out ) par. .. parlay ! pintel can not believe he ear . pintel what ? elizabeth parlay ! I invoke the right of parlay ! accord to " the code of the Brethren , set down by the pirate Morgan and bartholomew , you must take I to you Captain ! pintel I know the code . elizabeth if a adversary demand parley , you can do they no harm until the parlay be complete . pintel it would appear , so do you . smoldering pirate to blaze with the code ! he step forward , dirk draw -- pintel stop he . pintel she want to be take to the Captain , and she will go without a fuss . he look to Elizabeth : ' right ? ' Elizabeth nod . pintel ( cont 'd ) we must honor the code . smolder pirate concede the point , sheath he dirk . he grab Elizabeth roughly by the arm - ext . port royal - STREET - night will race along , momentarily free of the pirate . he spot the Governor 's mansion in the distance . there be figure move away from it -- Elizabeth , force by the two pirate . will hurry forward - suddenly a pirate jump out from the shadow , slashes ; will defend himself . the pirate have one arm and wear a yellow bandana . will hesitates -- do not he already kill this guy ? the hesitation be just enough for another pirate , swinging a flame torch , to slam will in the head from behind . will crumple . the pirate light a second torch , hand it to one-arm ; they hoot with delight and head off , set fire as they go . on the ground , will do not move . int . fort charle - cell block - night the wall of the cell explode inward . Jack pull himself out from under rubble . moonlight spill in through the gape hole create by the cannon ball . Beyond it : freedom . but it be center on the other cell . the part of Jack 's cell that be go be too small for a man to slip through . prisioner praise be ! he and the other two scramble through . prisoner ( cont 'd ) ( back to Jack ) my sympathy , friend - - you have no manner of luck at all ! the three descend the rock beyond , disappear from view . Jack be alone . cannon fire continue , occasional hit shaking the fort . the dog cower under a long bench , key ring still in he mouth . Jack sigh -- resign , he pick up the bone from the other cell , and try coax the dog forward . jack it 's all right , doggie ... come here , boy . come here , spot. Rover . fido ? to he surprise , the dog crawl out from under the bench . Jack continue to coax he closer . the key ring be nearly within Jack 's reach -- suddenly , the dog 's attention go to the door into the cell block . he bristle , growls . he back away from the door , whining . jack ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , boy ? the dog bolt , through the bar , into the cell , then out through the breach wall -- take the key with he . the door to the cell block burst open . a pair of pirate step in : koehler and twigg . twigg this be not the armory . he turn to go , but koehler have spot Jack . koehler ( dutch accent ) well , well ... look what we have here , twigg . it 's. Captain sparrow . twigg huh . last time I see you , you be all alone on a god-forsaken island , shrink into the distance . I would hear you would get off , but I do not believe it . koehler do you sprout little wing and flyaway ? twigg his fortune be not improve much . the two laugh . Jack do not . he step forward , close to the bar . this put he in a spill of moonlight . he be tight with fury . jack worry about you own fortune . the lowest circle of hell be reserve for betrayer ... and mutineer . koehler and twigg do not like hearing that . koehler lash out , grab Jack by the throat through the bar . Jack clutches the pirate 's wrist , look down - where they enter the moonlight , koehler 's wrist and hand be skeletal . Jack 's eye go wide -- he be hold a skeleton arm . jack ( cont ' D ) you be curse . koehler sneer , shove Jack backwards , hard . now out of the moonlight , he hand be normal . Jack stare , realize - jack ( cont 'd ) the storey be true . koehler usher twigg toward the door . look back . koehler you know nothing of hell . and then they be go . ext . port royal - night amid the thunder of cannon fire , a longboat slip through the fog . Elizabeth sit in the prow . column of water from cannon ball geyser up around the boat . the fog part . Elizabeth look up to see -- the Black Pearl , a tall galleon , its black sail loom high above she . at the bow be a ornately carve figurehead of a beautiful woman , arm hold high , a small bird take wing from she outstretch hand . the longboat make for a pair of line dangle from a winch . ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - night lit by lantern ; no moon be visible beneath the fog . smoke hang heavy above the deck . Elizabeth 's longboat be raise above the deck rail -- pirate spot she , and stare . one polite fellow step forward to offer he hand . she take it and step down . she huddle , self - conscious in she nightgown and dress robe . bosun I do not know we be take captive . pintel she 's invoke the right of parlay ... with Captain barbossa . on the poop deck -- a impose figure in silhouette stand by the wheel , too far away to have hear pintel 's word . but he head turn at the mention of he name . the silhouett figure move toward the stair . a cloud of smoke obscure he -- and then , as if he skip the stair , he stride out of the smoke on the main deck - this be barbossa . despite the bright color of clothing , definitely not a man you would want to meet in a dark alley -- or anywhere , for that matter . Elizabeth , more terrify than ever , can not look away from he eye . but she muster she courage - elizabeth I be here to -- the bosun slap she . bosun you will speak when speak to ! his wrist be grab -- painfully -- by barbossa . barbossa and you will not lay a hand on that under the protection of parlay ! bosun aye , sir . barbossa release he . turn to Elizabeth , smile -- it show both silver and gold tooth . barbossa my apology , miss . as you be say , before you be so rudely interrupt ? elizabeth Captain barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostility against Port Royal . barbossa be both impressed and amused . barbossa there be a lot of long word in there , miss , and we be not but humble pirate . what be it you want ? elizabeth I want you to leave . and never come back . barbossa and the pirate laugh . barbossa I be disincline to acquiesce to you request . ( helpfully ) means ' no . ' elizabeth very well . she quickly slip the medallion off , dart to the side rail , dangle it over the side of the ship . the pirate go quiet . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I will drop it ! barbossa my hold be burst with swag . that bit of shine matter to I ... why ? elizabeth because it 's what you be search for . you have be search for it for year . I recognize this ship . I see it eight year ago , when we make the crossing from England . barbossa ( interested ) do you , now ? Elizabeth glare at he . she 's get nowhere . elizabeth Fine . I suppose if this be worthless , there 's no reason to keep it . she flip the medallion up , off she finger - barbossa no ! she catch it by the chain , smile at he triumphantly . barbossa ( cont 'd ) you have a name , missy ? elizabeth Elizabeth - ( stop herself from say " swann " ; then : ) turner. ( embroider ) I be a may in the governor 's household . ( curtsy ) barbossa react to the name Turner : it confirm what he have suspect . the other pirate surreptitiously exchange glance and nod . barbossa you have get sand , for a may . elizabeth ( curtsy again ) thank you , sir . barbossa and how do a may come to own a trinket such as that ? a family heirloom , perhaps ? elizabeth of course . ( offended ) I do not steal it , if that 's what you mean . barbossa no , no , nothing like that . ( come to a decision ) very well . you hand that over , we will put you town to we rudder and not 'er return . elizabeth can I trust you ? barbossa it 's you who invoke the parlay ! believe I , miss , you would best hand it over , now ... or this be the last friendly word you will hear ! Elizabeth hesitates , but she have no choice . she hold out the medallion . he grab it , clutches it in he fist like hope . elizabeth we bargain . . ? barbossa grin devilishly -- but then nod to the bosun . bosun still the gun , and stow them ! signal the man , set the flag , and make good to clear port ! for the first time since the attack begin , the booming of the gun cease . Elizabeth be surprised -- and relieved . the pirate hustle to follow order . barbossa turn away . elizabeth wait ! you must return I to shore ! accord to the rule of the order of the Brethren - barbossa wheel on she . barbossa first . you return to shore be not part of we negotiation nor we agreement , and so I ' must ' do nothing . secondly : you must be a pirate for the pirate 's code to apply . and you be not . and thirdly ... the code be more what you would call guideline than actual rule . ( grin gold and silver ) welcome aboard the Black Pearl , miss Turner . Elizabeth stare in speechless terror - ext . port royal - harbor - pre-dawn as the Black Pearl turn out to sea , Elizabeth be lead back along the deck to the captain 's cabin . the fog start to dissipate , turn to a light mist ; through it , the Black Pearl make for the scarlet glow of dawn . ext . port royal - STREET - pre-dawn will come to , still where he fall , get to he foot . he take in the devastation of Port Royal : the harbor be dot with burn and sink ship ; building be raze and still smolder . the aftermath of hell on earth . will turn , and run for the Governor 's mansion . int . governor's mansion - morning will race past the smashed door , into the foyer . call out : will miss swann ! Elizabeth ! a terrible silence answer he . he spot a overturn chair , fall bookshelf - int . fort charle - norrington's office - morning will burst in , still armed with sword and board axe . will they have take she ! they have take Elizabeth ! a group stare at he : swann , norrington , and gillette among other , gather around a map . the map be so large it drape over the Governor 's desk , the far end support by a chair . norrington we be aware of the situation . will we have to hunt they down -- and save she ! swann 's worry have make he short - tempere . swann where do you propose we start ? if you have any information that concern my daughter , then share it ! if anyone do , tell I ! ( will be silent ) leave , Mr. Turner . murtogg have remember something . he venture it warily : murtogg that Jack sparrow ... he talk about the Black Pearl . mullroy mentioned it , be more what he do . murtogg still -- will we can ask he where it be -- maybe he can lead we to it ! swann that pirate try to kill my daughter . we could never trust a word he say ! will we could strike a bargain - norrington no . the pirate who invade this fort leave sparrow lock in he cell . ergo , he be not they ally , and therefore of no value . ( through with will ) we will determine they most likely course , and launch a search mission that sail with the tide . will slam the board axe into the desk , through the map . will that 's not good enough . this be Elizabeth 's life ! norrington be quick to react ; he throw a strong arm across will 's back , and guide he roughly to the door . norrington Mr. Turner , this be not the time for rash action . ( low ) do not make the mistake of think you be the only man here who love Elizabeth . ( firm ) now , go home . he open the door , and then turn away . will watch he walk back to the desk . will 's face set in resolve , and he leave . int . fort charle - jail cell - morning Jack strain , try to budge one of the bar . even with the damage from the cannon ball , it will not move . he hear the sound of the door latch - the door open , and will slip in . look around . Jack lounge on the floor of he cell , apparently relaxed and unconcern . will march straight up to the bar . will be you familiar with that ship ? the Black Pearl ? jack somewhat . will where do it make berth ? jack surely you have hear the storey ? the Black Pearl sail from the dread isla de mureta ... a island that can not be find -- except by that who already know where it be . will the ship 's real enough . so its anchorage must be a real place . where be it ? jack why ask I ? will because you be a pirate . jack and you want to turn pirate yourself ? will never. ( beat ) they take miss swann . jack ( he be right ) so it be that you find a girl . well , if you be intend to brave all and hasten to she rescue and so win fair lady 's heart , you will have to do it alone . I see no profit in it for I . will slam he fist against the bar in frustration . Jack be surprised at the outburst . will think ... make a decision . will I can get you out of here . jack how ? the key 's run off . will ( examine the cell ) I help build this cell . that be hook -and -ring hinge . the proper application of strength , the door will lift free . just call for the right lever and fulcrum . . . Jack watch will as he speak , and it dawns on he -- will be the spitting image of someone he 's know in the past . jack you name be Turner . will give he a puzzle look . will yes. will Turner . Jack grin . jack will Turner ... ( he stand ) I will tell you what , Mr. Turner . I have change my mind . you spring I from this cell , and on pain of death , I will you to the Black Pearl . ( stick out he hand ) do we have a accord ? will give he a suspicious look . the deal seem too good . Jack keep he hand out , still smile . will shake it . will agreed . jack agreed ! will look around , figure out what he need . he make a chair he fulcrum , and lever the long bench under the door . pushes down -- it 's hard work -- but the cell door rise , and then fall forward , crashing down on the bench and chair . Jack be impressed . he step out of the cell . will someone will have hear that . hurry . will head for the door . Jack search the desk , cupboard . jack not without my effect . will we need to go ! Jack find he pistol , sword belt , and compass . strap on the belt , check the shot in he pistol . will ( cont 'd ) why be you bother with that ? jack my business , will . as for you business - one question , or there 's no use go . ( join will at the door ) this girl -- what do she mean to you ? how far be you willing to go to save she ? will ( no hesitation ) I would die for she . jack good . ext . port royal - dock - morning the jolly mon , four inch of water in the bottom , squat low in the water , heele to one side , creak on its line . jack ( o.s. ) ah , now there 's a lovely sight ! Jack hop down into the boat . prepare to make way . jack ( cont 'd ) I know the harbormaster would not report she . honest man be slave to they conscience , and there 's no predict them . but you can always trust a dishonest man to stay that way ... Jack notice that will be stand , freeze on the dock , stare at the boat in dismay . jack ( cont 'd ) come aboard . will I have not set foot off dry land I be twelve , when the ship I be on explode . ( regards the boat ) it 's be a sound policy . jack no worry there . she 's far more likely to rot out from under we . will steel himself , step into the boat as if its go to capsize with the slight movement . Jack hoist the sail . jack ( cont 'd ) besides , we be about to better we prospect considerably . he nod toward the h.m.s. dauntless , loom in the harbor . will whiteknuckle the gunwale . will we be go to steal a ship ? that ship ? jack commandeer . we be go to commandeer a ship . nautical term . will it 's still against the law . jack so 's break a man out of jail . face it , will : you may say you will never be a pirate , but you be off to a rip-roaring start . ( smile ) my advice -- smile and enjoy it . ext . port royal - morning the jolly mon bob its way across the bay , dwarf against the h.m.s. dauntless . will hold a stay line with iron fist . will this be either crazy , or brilliant . jack remarkable how often that two trait coincide . the jolly man near the rudder of the much larger ship - ext . H. M. S. dauntless - MAIN deck - morning there 's be a breakdown in discipline ; about a dozen navy sailor be gather together on the main deck , play dice . murtogg and mullroy among they . suddenly , Jack and will jump out , into the open - brandish pistol . jack everybody stay calm . we be take over the ship ! will ( a beat ) aye ! avast ! Jack give he a look , shake he head : do not do that . the sailor all look at they -- and then burst out laughing . they grin , shake they head . Jack stand there , grin with they -- but he gun be still level . the Lieutenant , gillette , step forward . gillette you be serious about this . Jack move he pistol across , point it at gillette . jack Dead serious . gillette you understand this ship cannot be crewe by only two man . you will never make it out of the bay . jack we will see about that . more guffaw from the crew . a couple sailor move forward , hand on sword -- gillette hold up a hand . gillette Sir , I will not see any of my man kill or wounded in this foolish enterprise . jack Fine by I . we bring you a nice little boat , so you can all get back to shore , safe and sound . gillette ( a curt nod ) agreed . you have the momentary advantage , sir . but I will see you smile from the yard arm sir . jack as likely as not. ( call ) will , short up the anchor , we have get ourselves a ship ! ext . dauntless - stern - morning sailor make they way down a rope ladder , crowd onto the jolly mon . will push hard against the windlass , to no avail ... the anchor be too heavy for one man . Jack notice . jack a little help ? gillette shrug , gesture to murtogg and mullroy . the three man throw they weight into the windlass , and it turn . Jack 's pistol be on they the whole time . murtogg I can not believe he 's do this . the windless turn , bring mullroy into view . mullroy you do not believe he be tell the truth , either . the windless turn some more , and there 's gillette . gillette ( over he shoulder , to will ) do you have any idea , boy , what you be do ? another quarter turn - will no . ext . dauntless - forecastle - day Jack and will crank a capstan , raise the forward jib sail . it luff and billow out . the huge ship inch forward slowly , pull by just the one sail . Jack grin . jack lookee there , mate ! we be underway ! ext . port royal - dock - day norrington move along , concentrate on a manifest . alongside he be governor swann , who glance over - see the tiny jolly mon head toward they , riding low in the water , overload with sailor . Beyond that , the dauntless sail -- albeit slowly -- for open water . swann commodore -- norrington a moment . swann but -- norrington please . swann dammit , man , it appear someone be steal you ship ! norrington glance out at the bay . sure enough , the dauntless be on the move . norrington take a brass telescope from he belt , open it , train it on -- the main deck . he pick out will - norrington rash , Turner , too rash . -- then spot Jack , at the wheel . lower the telescope . norrington ( cont 'd ) that be , without doubt , the worst pirate I have ever see . ext . h . M. S. dauntless - day out in the open sea , Jack lean on the wheel , relaxed ; not much sailing to do with a follow wind . will look back - will they be come ! he point : the sail of the Interceptor fill out , and the ship cut through the water toward they - ext . h.m.s. interceptor - day norrington 's smaller ship quickly come alongside the slowmove dauntless . its deck appear empty . grappling hook be throw , and sailor draw the two ship together . norrington 's man swarm across . norrington search every cabin , every hold , down to the bilge ! pull back , away from the dauntless , and past the railing of the Interceptor , where a single sentry stand watch -- and we find a soak Jack and will as they climb up over the side of the smaller ship , unseen . Jack tackle the sentry from behind , cover hi1rmouth . jack can you swim ? ( the man struggle ) can. you. swim ? Jack remove he hand . sentry of course , sir . like a fish . I grow up summer live in dover , with my uncle - jack good . Jack lift the man up , throw he overboard . quickly unty the rope to the grapple hook . will crank the capstan bar , raise the foresail - ext . h . M. S. dauntless - day norrington emerge from a gangway -- and see he other ship move away . norrington sailor ! back to the Interceptor ! but the distance be already too great . one brave sailor try to swing across on a rope , errol - Flynn style , but fall short with a splash . Jack wave , and shout across the distance - jack thank you , commodore , for get we ship ready to make way ! we would have have a hard time of it by ourselves ! norrington seethes , but he order to gillette be measure : norrington raise the sail . gillette the wind be quarter from astern ... by the time we be underway , we will never catch they . norrington we need only to come about , to put they in range of the long nine . gillette look surprised at the order -- but relay it . gillette hand ! come about ! jacket off the cannon ! ( to norrington ) we be to fire on we own ship ? norrington better to see it at the bottom of the sea than in the hand of a pirate . the steersman turn the wheel . the dauntless ' course do not change one whit . steersman Captain , there 's a problem . the steersman spin the wheel . it go round and round , with no sign of slow . steersman ( cont 'd ) he 's disabled the rudder chain , sir . norrington so it would seem . the Interceptor dwindle with distance . gillette watch it go , with some degree of admiration . gillette he 's get to be the best pirate I have ever see . norrington reach out , stop the spin ship 's wheel . norrington so it would seem . the Interceptor make for the horizon line . a slow dissolve and with the time passage , the ship be go ; the sky turn a deep twilight blue - ext . caribbean sea - evening -- with the fat white moon riding just above the horizon . suddenly , the edge of a black sail cut into the foreground , accompany by the roar of the wind and the SNAP of canvas - int . black pearl - captain be cabin - evening Elizabeth stalk the cabin . pintel enter , carry a black silk dress . pintel you will be dining with the Captain , and he request you wear this . elizabeth tell the captain that I be disincline to acquiesce to he request . pintel ( happy ) he say you say that ! he also say if that be the case , you will be dining with the crew , and you will be naked . angry , Elizabeth hold out she hand . pintel 's grin fade . pintel ( cont 'd ) ( hand it over ) Fine . he exit , pout . Elizabeth examine the dress - int . black pearl - captain be cabin - night barbossa enter , follow by pirate carry trays of food , wine , table set , etc . Elizabeth stand at the small table in the dress -- lovely . barbossa maid or not , it fit you . elizabeth dare I ask the fate of its previous owner ? barbossa now , none of that . please dig in . the table be set . Elizabeth sit , cut a tiny piece of meat , eat it daintily . barbossa ( cont 'd ) no need to stand on ceremony , and no call to impress anyone . you must be hungry . Elizabeth drop the pretense : she 's starve , and begin to eat like it . barbossa watch she intently . barbossa ( cont 'd ) try the wine . Elizabeth do , a huge swig ; she tear off a hunk of bread , devour it . barbossa ( cont 'd ) and the apple -- one of that next . she start to bite into the apple -- stop . she be suddenly aware of barbossa 's gaze -- and that he be not eat . elizabeth it 's poison ! she shove she plate away -- and take the opportunity to palm she knife . barbossa laugh . barbossa oh , there would be no sense in kill you , miss Turner . elizabeth then why be not you eat ? barbossa would that I could . he produce the medallion , let it dangle from he finger . barbossa ( cont 'd ) do you not know what this be , then ? elizabeth it 's a pirate medallion . barbossa it 's a piece of the treasure of isla de muerta . Elizabeth give a infinitesimal shrug , intrigue despite herself . barbossa ( cont ' D ) ah , so you do not know as much as you pretend . back when cortes be cut a great bloody swath through the New World , a high priest give . he all the gold they have , with one condition : that he spare the people 's life . of course , cortes be cortes , he do not . ( nod ) he would have make a great pirate , that one . barbossa stand , move to a shelf . put a key to a medium - size polished wooden box -- the Captain 's chest . open it . barbossa ( cont 'd ) so the priest , with he die breath , call on the power of the blood of he people , and put on the gold a curse . if anyone take so much as a single piece , as he be compel by greed , by greed he would be consume . Inside the chest be chart , some gold , a sextant -- and a few page of a mayan codex , piece of tree bark inscribe with mayan glyph . barbossa remove they carefully , set they on the table . pour over they . barbossa ( cont 'd ) within a day of leave port for Spain , the treasure ship carry the gold ... something go wrong . the ship run aground , every man aboard dead , save one . he survive long enough to hide the gold ashore . ( beat ) over time , the dark magic of the curse seepe into the place , make it a curse island . a island of death . isla de muerta . he look up . Elizabeth have be rapt , involved in the story - but feign a dismissive attitude . elizabeth that 's all very interesting , but I hardly believe in ghost storey any more . barbossa be angry . he stand , sweep the food off the table . barbossa you idiot girl ! it 's no make - believe ! my crew and I , we find the gold , and we do more than take one piece , we take it all . Rich man we be and we spend it and trade it and give it away in exchange for drink and food and pleasant company . but we find out : the drink could not sate we , and the food turn to ash in we mouth , and no amount of pleasant company could ease we torment . ( regains he composure ) we be curse man , miss Turner , condemn , to be forever consume by we own greed . gold call to ub , always , and we be drive , always , to find more , and add it to the treasure . barbossa pick up the priceless codex . crushes they in he fist . barbossa ( cont 'd ) there be but one way to remove the curse . all of the scattered piece of the treasure must be restore in full , and the blood repaid . ( he throw the page aside ) we have recover every piece -- save for this . ( hold up the medallion ) and as for the blood ... that 's what we have you for . ( pleasant , finally get to he point ) and that 's why there 's no sense in kill you . yet . Elizabeth stare at he , horrify . use the toe of he boot , barbossa flip a apple up off the floor , catch it , extend it to Elizabeth . barbossa ( cont 'd ) Apple ? Elizabeth slowly reach for the apple -- and then come up out of she chair , try to run around barbossa_ they struggle briefly , and then suddenly he shove she away - Elizabeth 's steal knife be bury in barbossa 's chest , to the hilt -- barbossa be completely unaffected . he open he shirt to get a better look at the knife , pull it out with little effort . there be blood on the blade , but none anywhere else . barbossa ( cont 'd ) I be curious -- after kill I , what be it you be plan to do next ? Elizabeth back away , whirl and barrel out the door - ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - night -- Elizabeth come to dead stop . she stare , she jaw work , try to scream but unable to - the pirate crew work at they station , coiling line , navigate the ship , swabbing deck -- but where the moonlight fall across they body , they be nauqht but skeleton . . Elizabeth turn away from the sight - barbossa stand just inside the doorway , out of the moonlight . he grab she roughly by the shoulder and jerk she back around -- Elizabeth shut she eye - barbossa look ! ( shake she ) look ! the moonlight show we for what we really be ! we be not among the live and so we cannot die - he spin she back around to face he -- he lean forward , put he face in the moonlight , turn it into a gleam skull with gold and silver tooth - barbossa ( cont 'd ) -- but neither be we dead ! we have all the desire of the live , but cannot satisfy they ! ten year I have be parched of thirst , and unable to quench it ! ten year , I have be starve to death -- and have not die ! ( raise he hand ) barbossa ( cont 'd ) and I have not feel anything for ten year ... not the wind on my face , nor the spray of the sea ... ( reach toward Elizabeth ) ... nor the flesh of a woman ... Elizabeth flinch away from the skeletal hand . it drop away -- he take a bottle of wine from the open case beside the cabin door , uncork it with he tooth , raise it - barbossa ( cont 'd ) you would best start believe in ghost storey , miss Turner . because now you be in one . he tilt the bottle and drink -- it run over he jaw , through he rib cage , drench he clothes . Elizabeth dart around he , back into the cabin , and shut the door . barbossa hurl the bottle away . int . black pearl - captain be cabin - night Elizabeth huddle in the far corner of the cabin , terrify . ext . caribbean sea - day the Interceptor cut across the wave . Jack at the wheel ; will tighten a line , move back astern . ext . interceptor - MAIN deck - day will sharpen he sword with a whetstone : shhhk -- shhhk ... jack for a man whose make a industry of avoid boat , you be a quick study . will I work passage from England as a cabin boy . ( a attempt at guile ) after my mother pass , I come out here ... look for my father . jack be that so ? will my father . William Turner ? Jack say nothing . will have lose the patience for guile . will ( cont ' D ) I be not a simpleton . at the jail - - it be only after you learn my name that you agree to help . ( a smile ) since that 's what I want , I do not press the matter . but now - {an accusation } you know my father . Jack consider he reply -- settles on ' truth . ' jack I know he . probably one of the few who know he as William Turner . most everyone just call he Bill , or ' bootstrap ' Bill . will ' bootstrap ? ' jack good man . good pirate . and clever - " - I never meet anyone with as clever a mind and hand as he . when you be puzzle out that cell door , it be like see he twin . will ( angry ) that 's not true . jack I swear , you look just like he . will it 's not true that my father be a pirate . jack figure you would not want to hear it . will he be a merchant marine ! he be a respectable man who obey the law , and follow the rule -- jack ( laugh ) you think you father be the only man who ever live the Glasgow life , tell folk one thing , and then go off to do another ? there 's quite a few who come here , hope to amass enough swag to ease the burden of respectable life . and they be all ' merchant marine . ' will my father do not think of my mother - he family -- as a burden . jack sure -- because he could always go pirate . will my father -- be not -- a pirate ! will 's sword be out , levell at Jack . Jack give he a disbely look , sigh . jack put it away , will . it 's not worth get beat again . will you do not beat I . you ignore the rule of engagement . in a fair fight , I would kill you . jack then that 's not much incentive for I to fight fair , be it ? he kick a lever on a wench . the sail boom whip around and slam will in the chest -- sweeping he off the ship . his sword clatter onto the deck . will dangle above the water . Jack slip a loop of rope around the wheel to hold the course . pick up the sword -- and poke at will with it . will hand - over-hand away from the blade , to the end of the boom . jack ( cont ' D ) as long as you be just hang there , pay attention . must , should , do , do not , shall , shall not -- that be just suggestion . there be only two absolute rule . ( tick they off on he finger ) jack ( cont 'd ) what a man can do . and what a man can I t do . will look away , not interested . jack ( cont 'd ) for instance : you can accept that you father be a pirate and still a good man ... or you can not . now I , I can sail this ship to tortuga , by myself . . . ( will look alarmed ) but I can not just let you drow . Jack swing the boom back in . will drop to the deck . Jack hold the hilt of the sword out . will take it . glare at Jack , consider what he will do next . Jack watch he coolly . will turn and stride to he spot on the deck , sit down , and resume sharpen he sword : shhhk -- shhhk -- shhhk ... Jack breathes silent sigh of relief . notice he hand be shaking -- he take the wheel . will tortuga ? jack oh -- do I forget to mention that ? ext . tortuga - day a dank and dirty port , where the tide seem to have sweep together the scum of the Caribbean -- pirate , privateer , prostitute , thief , and drunkard . with its cantere , rotting dock , weatherbeaten building , and odd assortment of livestock run free -- a donkey , chicken , etc . -- it be far less civilized than Port Royal . Jack and will move through the crowd . a redheaded woman turn she head -- she have notice Jack . jack we need a crew . we can manage the ship between island , but the open sea , that 's another matter - suddenly the redhead slap Jack , hard . satisfied , she turn and stride off . will ignore she . will just do it quickly . jack ( rub he jaw ) do not worry . I have already get my quartermaster -- there ! Jack lead will toward a pub : the faithful bride , the emblem over the door a politically incorrect painting of a smile woman hold a bouquet in she chain - and - manacle hand . Jack pull open the door ; will go inside pass a pretty asian woman come out -- she see Jack and immediately slap he , cursing something in chinese . Jack back away - int . the faithful bride - day Jack close the door on the woman , join will . they take in the place -- it be populate with a slightly higher class of scum . Jack spot a bartender , smile , move forward - -- and be suddenly decked by a waitress . this be anamaria , tall , strong , tough ; she do not spill a drink off she tray . anamaria you steal my boat . jack anamaria ! have you see Gibbs ? I need to put together - she slap he again . will shake he head , head for the bar . Jack get up . jack ( cont 'd ) borrow . borrow you boat . ( off she look ) without permission . anamaria charge ; Jack back away , put a table between they . she chase he around the table , still carry the tray . anamaria my dory . the jolly mon . where be it ? jack safe ! at Port Royal . with the Royal navy . anamaria that boat be my livelihood ! jack you will get it back . or one better . anamaria ( a threat ) I will . away from they , a patron call for he food . anamaria scowl at Jack , move away -- come back for . one more slap ! will Jack ! over here ! at the bar , will have speak to the bartender . Jack arrive , rub he chin . will ( cont 'd ) he know Gibbs . the bartender nod ' yes . ' then nod ' out back . ' then produce a water bucket from behind the bar . Jack and will exchange a look , - and Jack take the bucket . ext . the faithful bride - rear - day a drunken man lay in the mud , have a friendly conversation with two pig . he wear a old tatter navy jacket . a sudden spray of water splashes across he face , revealing : this be old joshamee gibb ( the man who tell pirate storey to Elizabeth when she be a child ) . he sputter and roar : gibb curse you for breathe , you slack - jaw idiot ( recognize Jack ) mother 's love , Jack , you know better than to wake a man when he 's sleep . it 's bad luck ! jack well , fortunately , I know how to counter it . the man who do the waking busy the man who be sleep a drink , and the man who be sleep it drink it while listen to a proposition . gibb aye , that will about do it . Jack help Gibbs to he foot -- and then Gibbs be hit with a second wave of water . will stand there with the bucket . gibb ( cont 'd ) blast it , I be already awake ! will I know . that be for the smell . int . the faithful bride - day Jack and Gibbs sit at a table in the shadow , a single candle illumine they , speak in hushed voice . will be away from they , at the door , hand on sword , keep a look - out . a tankard be set down . Gibbs lift it to take a swig - jack just the one . Gibbs pause . he take a dainty sip . gibb make it_ast , then . now , what 's the nature of this venture of yours ? jack first -- have you find I a crew ? gibb oh , there 's a hard tale , Jack . most of the decent pirate in town will not sail with you -- seem to think you be a jinx . jack now where , I wonder , would they have get that idea ? Gibbs evade answer by take a long sip . Jack lean forward . Gibbs lean forward . jack ( cont 'd ) I be go after the Black Pearl . Gibbs straighten up like he 's be hit . he stare . he reach for the drink as if to down it -- but then set it back down . he lean forward again . Jack have not move . gibb say again ? jack ilm go after the Black Pearl . I know where its go to be , and I be go to take it . gibb Jack , it 's a fool 's errand : you have hear the tale they tell about the Pearl . jack aye , and that 's why I know where it 's go to be , and that 's why I know what barbossa be up to . all I need be a crew . gibb ( shake he head ) a fool 's errand . jack not if the fool have something barbossa want . something he need . gibb and you have get that , have you ? angle on : Jack , as he smile enigmatically , and shift he eye ' -- behind he , will , still on guard , glare a sailor away from the table . jack back there , guard the door be the son of old bootstrap Bill Turner . Gibbs ' eye widen over the edge of the tankard . peer at will . then smile , with more miss tooth than good one . gibb well , lookee there . I will allow you may be onto something , Jack . ( consider , nod ) there 's bound to be sailor on this rock crazy as you . I will find some man . Gibbs downs the drink , slam the tankard on the table . will react to the sound , draw both sword and dagger , kick over a table for cover , and whirl on anyone who move . gibb ( cont 'd ) kid 's a bit of a stick , be not he ? jack that he be . ext . tortuga - dock - later - day on the dock , a dishevel , motley and weatherbeaten group of about a dozen swab stand in a rag line - up . gibb feast you eye , cap and . all of them good sea-fare man , faithful hand before the mast , every one worth he salt -- ( sotto , make he point ) -- and crazy , to boot . Jack hold up a hand -- enough . he move down the line , Gibbs at he side . then he notice anamaria in line , dress like a man , he raise a eyebrow . anamaria you owe I a boat . Jack nod , continue . one sailor be quite fat , another thin and sickly . Jack be not happy with he choice . he stop in front of cotton , a short sailor with a large , colorful parrot on he shoulder . Jack raise a eyebrow . gibb cotton here be mute , sir . poor devil have he tongue cut out -- cotton open he mouth to show this -- Jack grimace . gibb ( cont 'd ) -- so he go and train the parrot to do the talk for he , nobody know how . nobody know the parrot 's name , neither , so we just call it ' cotton 's parrot . ' Jack decide to test this . jack Mr. cotton . do you have the courage and fortitude to follow order and stay true , in the face danger , and almost certain death ? cotton lift the parrot off he shoulder , raise it -- cotton' parrot wind in you sail ! wind in you sail ! gibb mostly , that seem to mean ' yes . ' cotton nod vigorously , lower the parrot , and it go silent . Jack shake he head . step back . jack that go for the rest of you ! danger and near certain death . ( turn away ) for we be to sail for the isla de muerta , to rescue the daughter of Governor swann . a equal share of the reward shall be - Jack hear movement , look back -- several potential crew member back away in fright ; first one , then another , turn and run , follow by more . soon just a half dozen be leave , include cotton ( with parrot ) -- and anamaria . will shut up , before you lose they all ! jack this be the only one worth have . ( glance at the sky ) and we be go to need they - ext . H. M. S. interceptor - day a flash of lighten and the crack of thunder . the canvas of every sail be stretch taut . the ship rock as it drop into the valley of huge swell , climb up the other side . on board , the new crew member scurry about they task , pull line and trimming sail . excellent sailor , it take everything they have to keep the ship afloat . anamaria be at the helm . Gibbs stagger along the deck . gibb that fool will have we lose the canvas , and the mast besides ! on Jack , a roaring wind blow back he hair , eye intent on they course . Gibbs climb the tilt deck toward he . gibb ( cont 'd ) werd best drop canvas , sirl jack she can hold a bit longer . the wind pick up , howling . Jack smile . gibb ( shout ) what 's in you head to put you in such a fine mood ? jack ( shout ) we be catch up ! Jack turn back to the sea , enjoy himself . Gibbs stare at he like he 's a crazy man . ' int . black pearl - captain be cabin - day the sound of rain pound down on the deck above - - then suddenly stop . Elizabeth move to the stern window , look out at the roll sea below -- no escape there . she hear the sound of a vqice call , gaze up , wonder - ext . black pearl - crow ' S nest - day High on the main mast , twigg cup he hand to he face , call down : twigg isla de muerta ! isla de muerta , off the port bow ! on deck , barbossa move to the rail . the storm cloud be break up . on the horizon be a dark , ominous shape : isla do muerta . mostly sheer unfriendly cliff that shoot straight into the water . it be surround by a slate grey sea . barbossa grasp the rail with both hand , he expression a mixture of loathing and fear . jacoby approach , hesitant . jacoby order , Captain ? barbossa bring she in , not too close . I will not brave the reef , not until high tide . we lay anchor before dark . jacoby nod , back away . barbossa continue to stare - barbossa ( cont 'd ) ... that be , if it first do not sink back down to hell from where it come . ext . caribbean sea - day the Interceptor , on open water , glorious , she white sail set wing - to- wing . ext . h.m.s. interceptor - day close on : Jack 's compass , cradle in both hand . Jack lean over and study it -- almost like he 's praying . on the compass -- the face show old - fashioned rise petal style direction marker below a quivering indicator that settles on -- southeast . jack bear three point starboard . anamaria turn the wheel , adjust course . the ship lean into the new direction . Jack look down - on the compass -- where the indicator spin , reverse , settles on -- northeast . jack ( cont 'd ) six point port ! anamaria frown , but follow the order , turn the wheel back , and the ship respond . will work on deck , coiling a rope -- but he watch Jack and anamaria , clearly not happy . Gibbs hobble up . gibb Left hand - rope be coiled against the sun , or it 's bad luck ! ( twirl a finger ) anty-clockwise . Gibbs take over the task . the ship shift course again . will have have enough . will how do we expect to find a island no one can find -- with a compass that do not work ? gibb now , lad , just because it do not point north do not mean it do not work . ( voice low ) that compass give bearing to the isla de muerta , wherever it may lie . will really ? ( move closer ) so ... what 's the story on the pistol ? Gibbs settles in , happy to have a willing listener . gibb I will tell lee . now , Jack sparrow have a honest streak in he , and that 's where the whole problem start . this be when he be Captain of the Black Pearl - will what ? he never tell I that . gibb ah -- he 's learn , then . Plays thing more close to the vest . see , Jack be a cartographer , back in Old England . somehow I he come by the money to commission the Pearl . hire himself a crew , promise each man a equal share . ( lower he voice ) so , they be forty day out , and the first mate say , everything 's a equal share , that should mean the location of the island , too . so Jack give up the bearing . ( shake he head ) that night , there be mutiny . Gibbs voice be a whisper , now , so will have to lean closer . gibb ( cont 'd ) Jack give hisself up for the sake of he loyal crewmen . he be maroon on a island , leave there to die . will how do he get off the island ? jack ( loud ) I do not ! will and Gibbs jump . Jack be right there beside they . jack ( cont 'd ) my body 's still there , rotting away , and I be but a ghost ! will and Gibbs be not sure what to make of that . Jack laugh . gibb how do you get off the island ? jack ah , that 's a dark and unpleasant tale , best leave untold . he start off . will wait -- what about the pistol ? jack the pistol . when a pirate be maroon , will , he 's give a pistol with a single shot . no good for hunt , or survive , really . but after three week of starvation and thirst -- the option of that pistol begin to look good . Jack let this sink in . he pull out the pistol , raise it . jack ( cont 'd ) but I survive . and I still have that single shot . it 's mean for one man . my mutinous first mate - will barbossa . Jack shoot a glance at will -- nod , and move away . ext . isla do muerta - cave entrance - evening on barbossa , face upturn . no expression in he eye . around he a group of pirate , Elizabeth among they , stand as still as stone , in front of a dark cave open . they face look upward , they total lack of movement disconcert . above the cave , on a hillock , the pirate koehler gaze out toward the horizon . slowly he transform , head - to-toe , from pirate to skeleton - the moon have climb free of the storm cloud , rise large . and full on the horizon . the skeleton turn - koehler moonrise , Captain ! first night of full . barbossa hah ! ( to the pirate ) be mindful of pit and crevass . stay together . he take a torch . move into the cave . the pirate follow . int . isla do muerte - cave - night the group keep together under the firelight . the path lead between boulder on a slope downhill . from the echoe and shadow , it 's clear the cave system must be huge . Elizabeth glance over -- the torch illumine cavern off to the side -- and just the edge of a mound of coin . clearly there be more , but the rest be lose in darkness . twigg , gaze upward in wonder , move a few foot away from the group . barbossa grab he as he near a chasm . barbossa careful , mate . fall down there , you would die and miss judgement Day -- for not even the Lord himself will come look for you here . barbossa let go , and move on , descend down , twist and turn , but always down - ext . h.m.s. interceptor - night cotton pull a sail line , look out -- see something . he lift the parrot off he shoulder , stroke it along the back . cotton' parrot land ho ! land ho ! land ho ! land ho ! indeed , the faint outline of isla de muerta be in the distance on the port side . will stand , excited , jump onto the rigging for a better look . but anamaria , at the helm , stare at cotton , and the parrot . anamaria how do he do that ? jack they will be anchore on the lee side . haul you wind , and keep to the weather of the island - int . isla do muerte - cave - night flicker torchlight . Pirates stoop low to enter a cavern - -- and reveal be the spectacular treasure of isla de muerta : overflow , chest of coin , gold and silver ingot , jewelry , object d' art , jade and ivory , brightly color silk , furniture , jewel and pearl ; mirror and sword - anything and everything of value that might be carry by ship , be here . the pirate move through , Elizabeth can not help but gaze in wonder . elizabeth the curse drive you to gather this ? barbossa ( o.s . ) aye . and not a bit of it any use to we , only hoard . but it will drive we no longer . Elizabeth pause , stare at herself in a jewel - encrust mirror -- and then be push along by the pirate . ext . isla do muerte - lagoon - night the Interceptor lie at anchor in the distance . closer , Jack and will row away from the larger vessel in a small longboat , toward the rocky shore . the rush of a waterfall grow louder . will look : ahead of they be a black cave mouth , right at water level . will what 's that ? jack depend . will on what ? jack on whether the storey be all true . if they be , that 's a waterfall that spill over at high tide , with a short drop to a underground lagoon . if not - by now , the move water tug on the longboat , and they be suck in -- jack ( cont 'd ) -- well , too late . the boat rush forward , plunge into the darkness - int . cave - underwater lagoon - night -- the longboat take a harrowing drop over a short waterfall ... but then land safely in a gorgeous underwater lagoon , float lazily toward a sandy shore . jack chalk one up for the storey . will leap out into the water , pull the boat ashore - int . cave - bed cavern - night the pirate group reach the end of a small chamber of mostly jewel and pearl pile around a large bed - int . cave - MAIN cavern - night -- and then emerge into the large cavern of all , also cramme with treasure , include several mountain of gold coin that reach the ceiling . treasure everywhere - except for one spot in the center . a hole in the ceiling let in a column of moonlight , which illumine : a stone chest , lid push back , decorate with carve Aztec glyph , fill with gold coin identical to will 's medallion . a sharp stone knife lie on top . in front of it , bury in the sand be a skeleton -- and this one do not look like it 's go to move ever again , judge by the sword in its back . a crab scurries away from it as the group approach . barbossa here we stand before the curse treasure of cortez himself . won by blood , it demand blood in return . all eye turn -- onto Elizabeth . pintle take the stone knife from the chest , approach she . Elizabeth shrink back , but be hold by two other pirate . pintel grin . grab she by the wrist . she turn she head away , shut she eye . pintle raise the knife ... ... and then very carefully , daintily , use just the sharp tip of the knife to just prick ! Elizabeth 's finger . one tiny red drop of blood appear , and drip down onto the medallion . Elizabeth open she eye , surprised . pintel what do you expect ? we be all gentleman here , right and proper . the pirate laugh . barbossa take the medallion , grin at Elizabeth . barbossa you know the first thing I be go to do after the curse be lift ? ( grin ) eat a whole bushel of apple . barbossa approach the chest , shine in the beam of moonlight . barbossa ( cont 'd ) what be begin by blood , let blood now end ! he toss the gold medallion onto the other . the pirate tense , wait , expectant . a long beat . they all look at each other , look at themselves . nothing happen . koehler do it work ? deadeye I do not feel no different . jacoby how do we tell ? barbossa frown , draw he pistol , and shoot the pirate next to he -- jacoby -- square in the chest . jacoby react in shock , grab he chest ... but do not die . koehler you be not dead . jacoby no. ( realize ) he shot I ! twigg it do not work ! the curse be still upon we ! barbossa search he mind for a answer ... turn to Elizabeth . barbossa you. maid . you father . what be he name ?! ( grab she roughly ) be you father William Turner ?! Elizabeth take time to smile before answer : elizabeth no . the pirate cry out in alarm . barbossa gather himself , get he rage under steely control . barbossa where 's he child ? the child that sail from England eight year ago , the child who be the real owner of that medallion , the child in whose vein flow the blood of William Turner ?! where ? barbossa slap she hard across the face , send she sprawling . jacoby ( to pintel ) you bring we the wrong person ! pintel she have the medallion ! she 's the right age . she say she name be Turner ! twigg ( to barbossa ) you bring we here for nothing ? barbossa whirl on he -- barbossa if you have sail with Morgan for ten year like I have , you would know not to question I ! Elizabeth sit up , watch the pirate argue , for a moment unnotice . suddenly , a scabbard come down , right above she . startle , Elizabeth look up -- -- will be at the top of a mound of coin , reach down with he scabbard for she to grab onto . Elizabeth quickly lean forward , take the bloody medallion from the pile . reaches back , grab the scabbard . will pull she up - barbossa ( cont 'd ) if any coward here dare challenge I , let he speak ! any more talk , I will chain ye to a cannon and send ye to the watery depth ! a sound catch he attention -- coin fall . he look up , see will and Elizabeth at the top of the treasure stack . atop the stack , will grab a large shield , fling they forward -- the two ride down the mountain of coin on the far side , slide through a small open - int . isla do muerte - SMALL cavern - night behind they , loose coin from they slide come down in a avalanche , sealing the entrance . Elizabeth jump up , silver platter in hand , ready to swing - Jack catch she before she can do any damage . they recognize each other . elizabeth you ?! jack me! elizabeth you be in league with barbossa ! jack no , I be -- rescue you . Elizabeth can not comprehend that one . elizabeth you ?! will gain he foot in the rubble . will miss swann ! we be here to rescue you ! ( sound of pursuit , approach ) it 's go badly ! jack this way ! they race off , toward a bit of moonlight - ext . isla do muerte - night the three climb up a dark crevasse that lead out onto the island . will take Elizabeth 's hand , help she . will I be glad we get here in time . elizabeth truthfully -- you be a bit late . jack the trick be not get here , it 's get away . as if on cue , they hear the yell of pirate , come closer . they take off - ext . isla do muerte - clearing - night the three race through the rock , the sound of pursuit close behind . suddenly Jack stop . elizabeth come on ! jack no . this will not work . ( a quick decision ) I will stay behind , and fight they . you go on . will and Elizabeth stare at he . will no . jack I will lead they away . the sound be closer . jack ( cont 'd ) go to the opposite end of the island , and signal the ship . I will keep them busy . will be you sure ? Jack -- this be not something you have to do . jack I be sure . when you have lead the kind of life I have , there be debt that must be pay . maybe I can balance the scale a little . will nod , hesitates ... give Jack he sword - - now Jack have two , ..one for each hand . Elizabeth give he a quick kiss . will and Elizabeth race away , and be go . Jack watch they for a moment , turn to face the pirate . he stick the two sword in the ground , cross . leans casually against a rock . a group of pirate round a corner , cutlass draw , ready to fight -- but Jack raise he hand . jack ( cont 'd ) I invoke the right of parlay , accord to the code of the Brethren , set down by the pirate Morgan and bartholomew ... ext . isla do muerte - night Jack stand before barbossa , surround by pirate . Jack have a wide smile on he face -- and barbossa do not like it . barbossa I be inclined to kill you now , Jack sparrow , without so much as a word , if you do not lose that grin from you face . Jack 's smile remain . barbossa put a hand to he cutlass - jack the woman 's blood do not work , do it ? barbossa hesitates . jack ( cont 'd ) I know who 's blood you need , to end the curse . barbossa say the name , or I slit you throat . jack no you will not . barbossa nod . pintel step forward , put a blade to Jack 's throat . Jack 's smile widen . pintel now ? barbossa ( nods ) now. ( pintel grin ) no , do not kill he . surprise , pintel lower he cutlass . Jack 's expression have not change . barbossa ( cont 'd ) allow I the humor of listen to you term . jack simple . I have something you want more than anything . the way to free you from the curse of the treasure . you have something I want -- more than anything . barbossa the Pearl ? ( laugh ) oh , that 's fine . and just how do you expect this to work ? jack you give I the Pearl . then I tell you who you need . barbossa stare at he , incredulous . barbossa that 's you offer ? you , sailing away nice and pretty with the Black Pearl , and all I have be a name ? jack that 's right . barbossa I be suppose to ... trust you ? the pirate laugh . jack I be a man of my word . the pirate laugh louder . jack ( cont ' D ) you see , I have get this honest streak in I -- in its own way , a sort of curse . oh , and there 's the fact that you have no choice . barbossa I will torture it out of you . jack you leave I on a desert island -- what worse can you do ? Jack be still smile , intentionally smug now . barbossa see he option dwindling , begin to pace . barbossa blast you ! I will throw you in prison . jack wait as long as you like . barbossa you be set I up for a double cross , you with the ship , and I with nothing more than you word ! jack let 's say I tell you the wrong person . what would you do ? barbossa track you down and - he see where Jack be head . jack and if I tell you the truth , you become mortal , and you will not come near I because you know I would kill you . barbossa hesitates . the pirate be amaze at how the tide have turn ; barbossa have go past consider the idea , and might even do it . barbossa Jack , I do not trust you , and that 's a fact . never trust a smile man , you can lay to that . jack see , that 's where we be different . I trust you ... to do what it take to get what you want . barbossa you be play this as close to the edge as any man , I will give you that . ( decide , smile ) we might just have to sign article , you and i. Jack , you be a pirate at heart , that 's certain . Jack nod . barbossa ( cont 'd ) pintel ... set sail . if this fool plan be to work , we will need the medallion , and that mean catch the ship which bring them here . Jack be catch completely off guard . for the first time , he smile fade . jack what -- you do not have the medallion ? barbossa that fool woman take it . you be careful around she , Jack -- she 's pretty enough , she will steal you heart -- but pure evil inside . jack I will watch my back . barbossa bosun ! set up Mr. sparrow 's quarter , nice and fine ... in the brig . ( to Jack , a smile ) meaning no disrespect , of course . Jack nod , and be take away . barbossa stare after he , not hide he mistrust . ext . interceptor - day at full sail , head out to sea . Gibbs glance at Elizabeth and will , talk alone on the forecastle -- shake he head . gibb two woman on board ? a man do not have to be superstitious to know that 's trouble . Elizabeth hold the medallion , and finish she tale : elizabeth ... you be in danger ... so I take the medallion . and I have keep it ever since . they think I be you , that they need my blood . and it do not work . she hand he the medallion . will why would my father send this to I ? elizabeth to keep it away from they ? no pirate would sail to London , for fear of execution dock . will if I have know - elizabeth ( anticipate he ) -- then we never would have meet . will nod . they hold each other 's gaze a moment . will turn away first , lean on the rail . look out to sea , back the direction they come . will I can not believe he would make such a sacrifice for we . elizabeth I guess you can never truly know someone else 's heart . will glance at she , and nod . at the helm , Gibbs peer forward , scan the horizon . there be a tiny island in front of they . gibb shift you head , steer clear of that island . Fifteen degree starboard . on the aft deck , cotton concentrate on he work , secure a halyard . suddenly cotton 's parrot flap its wing , take off , land on the starboard bulwark , squawk - cotton' parrot Dead man tell no tale ! Dead man tell no tale ! Dead man tell no tale ! cotton look up - on the horizon , follow : black sail . Gibbs and anamaria appear , and see the ship . anamaria can we outrun they ? gibb not a chance . make for the reef . ext . caribbean ocean - day mile of blue water . the Interceptor tack , leave a long white wake . the Black Pearl match it -- gain . ext . black pearl - day barbossa and pintel eye the Interceptor , two hound chase the fox . pintel what 's he do ? be he go to run she aground ? ext . interceptor - day the Black Pearl be now close behind the Interceptor -- and the Interceptor be head for the island . gibb Drop the forward anchor ! a sailor at the stern of the ship pull a release , and the ship 's anchor race down into the water , the metal chain jump and twist on deck . the chain stop , and the sailor lock it - ext . caribbean sea - day with its forward momentum and the anchor down , the Interceptor to turn quickly , pivote around the anchor . ext . black pearl - day barbossa and pintel watch as the huge ship bring its cannon to bear right in front of they . barbossa all hand ! prepare to come about ! but for now , the Interceptor have the advantage , and take it : its cannon boom , and cannonballs rain down . int . black pearl - brig - day Jack see what he can out the porthole . in the cell with he be twigg , act as a guard . jack do not hit my ship ! I mean , kill the lie scoundrel - ( to twigg ) I be a little conflict , here . twigg just stare . ext . interceptor - day Elizabeth watch as the Black Pearl come about -- and then there be the low , loud rumble of two dozen cannon fire as one . the Interceptor be hit . a barrage of shot follow ; most find they mark . sailor dive for cover , leave they cannon ; clearly they be overmatch . ext . black pearl - port side - day barbossa laugh . barbossa Strike you color , you bloody cockroach ! ext . interceptor - day another round of fire ; barbossa show no mercy . anamaria look like they mean to send we under . gibb there -- she 's raise the jolly Roger , upside down . anamaria , Gibbs , cotton , even Elizabeth -- all know what this mean . will do not . he look to Gibbs for a explanation : gibb ( cont ' D ) it 's a signal . if we resist , it will not just be death . there will be torture as well . will we be not go to just surrender ! gibb that we be . the Black Pearl fire again , a double - ball shot with a chain connect the two . it hit the main mast dead ani a cracking , splinting sound as it break , fall to the deck . barbossa move he ship alongside , prepare to board . will we can at least fight -- we might be able to kill a few - gibb will -- it will go worse for we -- for Elizabeth , especially -- if we fight . will stare -- and nod . but he expression be still defiant . the deck slant ; the ship be sink . pirate swarm across on rope , and take control of the Interceptor . ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - day the top mast of the h.m.s. Interceptor sink into the smooth ' crystal water of the Caribbean - -- as will and Elizabeth , hold by pirate , be bring before barbossa -- and see that Jack stand beside he , manacle . Gibbs , anamaria and cotton and the other crewmember huddle together . barbossa 's wrath fall on Elizabeth . barbossa welcome back , miss . last time on board , you play I right clever , make pretend and all . I hope you stay this time be more pleasant . boy , show she some hospitality ! he shove she into a group of pirate ; they yell they approval . she be push from one to another . this goad will to action . he head - butt the pirate behind he , grab a pistol , wave it at the pirate . will she go free ! will leap onto the ship 's rail . he steady himself with a hand on the rigging . point the pistol at barbossa . barbossa what 's in you head , boy ? will she. goes. free. barbossa you have get one shot -- and we can not die . will you can not . I can . he lean out over the ocean . elizabeth no ! Jack push forward . jack will -- do not do anything stupid ! do not say anything stupid - will my name be will Turner , the son of bootstrap Bill Turner . his blood run in my vein . ( raise the gun to he head ) you need my blood . and on my word I will pull this trigger , and sink all the way down to davy Jones ' locker ! pintel squint at will ; the pirate murmur surprise . twigg it 's true - he 's the spittin ' image of old bootstrap . even talk the same ! Jack drop he head . barbossa grin at he . barbossa look like you be back to have nothing to offer . pintel and hers get Old Bill 's courage . a curse on he , and you ! barbossa step forward . barbossa enough of that ! ( to will ) name you term . will Elizabeth go free ! barbossa we get that part . anything else ? will and Jack . and the crew . free and unharme . I for you agree ... then ... I will remain with you . barbossa consider ; he crew wait . finally - barbossa agreed . you have my word , as a gentleman of fortune - elizabeth will -- you can not trust he . will you must swear by the Holy Bible . barbossa eh ? you have my word , then -- on the good Book , I do swear , and the Lord spare my worthless soul . barbossa cross himself , as do many of he man . will lower the gun ... step down -- the pirate surround he . they snatch away the pistol . barbossa ( cont 'd ) boatswain ! take you captive belowdeck . chain they in the galley , and teach them how to row . Gibbs , anamaria , cotton and the rest be lead away under guard . barbossa look out to sea , toward the islet . barbossa ( cont 'd ) hah . look there . that 's the very same island we make Jack governor of on we last trip . ( nod " ) when you sail the open sea as long as I , you learn to trust the sign fate send you way . gibb ( deject ) amen to that ... barbossa Jack , Elizabeth ... I be a man of my word and you be to be set free , right quick . ( loudly ) Men , break out the plank ! a cheer go up from the pirate . will realize what barbossa intend to do , struggle with he captor . will no ! you give you word ! barbossa quiet , boy , or you will lose you tongue . that as know I know I would not cross my word , and bring down bad luck on the ship . ( nod ) I agree to set they free . I do not say when . .. nor where . ext . caribbean sea - day the Black Pearl lie at anchor , closer now to the islet . ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - day Jack , wrist still bound , stand in the classic ' walk the plank ' pose . Elizabeth be next in line . Pirates crowd the ship 's rail to watch . jack it 's pure evil to make a Captain walk the plank of he own ship , twice in one lifetime . no good can come of it . barbossa now , Jack . that reef be less than a league distant . it 's a square deal all around , and you can not hope for better . jack someone need to cut this bond , then . barbossa smile , show a pistol . point it at Jack . barbossa you would best take a swim , Jack . jack the last time you do this , you leave I a pistol , with one shot . the pirate mutter agreement . pintel that 's proper , sir , accord to the code . barbossa by the power , you be right ! ( turn around ) where 's Jack 's pistol ? who 's get it ? bring it forward ! jack a gentleman might give we two pistol , see as there be two of we , this time . a pirate hand Jack 's pistol to barbossa . barbossa tell you what . I will give you one pistol , and let you be the gentleman , a ' shoot the lady , and starve to death yourself ! ( grin ) that be , presume you be not both drownd . the pirate laugh . barbossa toss Jack the pistol -- but over he head , and down into the water with a splash . barbossa ( contid ) so how do you get off that island , anyway ? jack you can go to you grave not know . barbossa that 's fair . Jack glare at barbossa . then he 's prodd with a cutlass , take a step out . reaches the end of the plank -- step off . Jack plunge down into the water . appear on the surface , floundering , struggle to stay afloat . will and Elizabeth exchange helpless look ; there be nothing they can do . barbossa ( cont 'd ) the lady 's next . but first , I will be want that dress back , if you please . Elizabeth hesitates ... then strip it off , leave she in a silk slip . she throw it at he . elizabeth here -- it will go well with you black heart ! barbossa indicate the plank . elizabeth ( cont ' D ) I will not walk into the ocean . you will have to throw I in ! barbossa raise a eyebrow , grin , nod . barbossa have at she , lad ! the pirate rush to comply . lift she up , toss she over the rail -- with a scream she fall -- ext . caribbean sea - underwater - day we follow Elizabeth amid foam and bubbles as she plunge down through the water . Blue and clear , with streak of sunlight cut down ; bright coral and tropical fish , and a lovely young woman in a silk dress . .. if it be not for the mortal danger , the scene could be describe as gorgeous . Elizabeth spot Jack , below she now , sink , struggle . she swim down ... unty he bond . Elizabeth start for the surface . inexplicably , Jack swim the other way , further down into the depth . ext . caribbean sea - day Elizabeth break the surface , look around . and then , finally Jack appear , suck in air . he show what he go after : he pistol . he tuck it into he shirt . elizabeth you go back for that ? we need to head for the reef ! she start swim . Jack hesitates . the Black Pearl be already underway ; he stare at it . jack that 's the second time I have have to watch that man sail away with my ship . he turn away , and swim after Elizabeth . ext . islet - beach - day close on : the surf line . Elizabeth 's foot leave print in the sand ... and then meet up with match footprint she make earlier , go in the same direction . she have walk all the way around the island . jack ( o.s. ) not all that big , be it ? Jack lay on the beach . he have dismantle he pistol ; the part , ball and powder dry on he scarf . elizabeth have it change since the last time you be here ? jack the tree be taller . Jack check to see if the pistol part be dry ; they be . he set about re-assembling and load he pistol . elizabeth I hope you have no intention of use that . Jack have finish put he pistol back together . he shove it in he belt , walk off . jack not yet . ask I again in a few week . Elizabeth can not believe it . elizabeth Captain sparrow ! we have to get off this island -- immediately ! jack do not be think I be not already work on it . he climb up toward a clump of palm tree . dig for something beneath the sand . he find it : a large iron ring . elizabeth what be that ? be there a boat under there ? Jack heave the trap door up and over , revealing a pit . Inside be barrel and bottle of rum ... all cover with dust and cobweb , long abandon . Jack 's face fall . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) what ? what 's wrong ? how will this help we get off the island ? jack it will not . it will not , and so we will not . he jump down into the pit , crack open a bottle of rum , . take a swig . elizabeth but ... you do it before ! last time - jack last time , I be here a grand total of three day . last time , the rumrunner who use this island as a cache come by , and I barter passage off . jack ( cont 'd ) but from the look of this , they have long be 'out of business , and so that will not be happen again . ( take another swig ) we probably have you friend norrington to thank for that . elizabeth so that 's it ? that 's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack sparrow ? you spend three day on the beach drink rum ? jack welcome to the Caribbean , love . he gather up a few bottle , head for the beach . jack ( cont 'd ) you should look at we contretemp this way : we have get shade tree , thank the Lord . we have get some food on the tree , thank the Lord again . and we have get rum , praise the Lord . we can stay alive a month , maybe more . keep a weather eye open for pass ship , and we chance be fair . elizabeth a month ? will do not have a month ! we have get to do something to help he ! jack you be right . ( hoist the bottle ) here 's luck to you , will Turner . he drink -- and defiantly return Elizabeth 's angry gaze . but then turn away , sit down . jack ( cont 'd ) do not be think I be happy about this , Elizabeth . but I see no use in wail and gnash my tooth over that which I can do nothing about . elizabeth not when you can drink instead , at least . Jack toss she a bottle . jack try it . it go down rough , but it go down - - and the second swig go down easier . Elizabeth consider . come to a decision . she unseal the bottle , take a swig . they sit in silence for a bit . elizabeth and you will call I miss swann . Jack toast she : you get it . Elizabeth study she bottle ... give Jack a sidelong glance . back to she bottle ... elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) drink up I hearties , yo ho ... jack what ? what be that ? ( Elizabeth smile ) something funny , miss swann ? share . please , elizabeth nothing ... it 's nothing . just ... I be remind of a song I learn as a child . a song about pirate . jack I know a lot of song about pirate , but none I would teach a child . let 's hear it . elizabeth oh , no ... it 's silly . back in England we do not know a thing about pirate , really . they seem so romantic and dare - Jack like the way that sound . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( look at he ) that be before I meet one , of course . jack now I must hear this song . a authentic pirate song . have at it . elizabeth well , perhaps ... with a bit more to drink , I might ... jack more to drink ! he gather two more bottle , toss one to she . she drop she half - finish bottle to catch it . open it , take a sip . jack ( cont 'd ) well ? Elizabeth clear she throat , begin to sing self - consciously , become stronger as she go on . elizabeth we pillage , we plunder , we rifle , we loot , drink up I hearties , yo ho . she gesture for he to drink . he do . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we kidnap and ravage and we do not give a hoot , drink up I hearties , yo ho - ext . islet - beach - later - night the middle of the night . a fire blaze . Jack and Elizabeth be roaring drunk , arm in arm , sing the song all the way up to the star -- jack / elizabeth yo ho , yo ho , a pirate 's life for I ! yo ho , yo ho , it 's a pirate life for I ! jack I love this song ! ( sing ) yo ho , yo ho , a pirate 's life for I ! we be beggar and blighter , not 'er do well cad , drink up I hearties , yo ho ! ( give it a touch of irish ballad ) aye but we be love by we mum and we dad . drink up I hearties , yo ho ! they hoist they bottle , but only Jack drink . he drain the bottle , then toss it away . jack ( cont 'd ) when I get the Black Pearl back , I be go to teach it to the whole crew , and we will sing it all the time ! elizabeth you will be positively the most fearsome pirate to sail the Spanish Main . Elizabeth salute the idea with she bottle . Jack do not have a bottle to salute back . she hand he hers . he drink , then settles shakily to the ground . Elizabeth sit beside he . jack not just the Spanish Main . the whole ocean . .. the whole world . wherever we want to go , we go . that 's what a ship be , you know . not just a keel and a hull and a deck and sail . that 's what a ship need ... but what a ship be -- what the Black Pearl really - be ... be freedom . Elizabeth lay she head on he shoulder . elizabeth Jack , it must be so terrible for you , to be trap here on this island , all over again . jack ah , well ... the company be better than last time . and the scenery have definitely improve . elizabeth ( coy ) Mr. sparrow ! I be not sure I have have enough rum to allow that kind of talk . jack we have get a few bottle leave ... and we have yet to tap the keg . Elizabeth shrug with a sleight -- but promise -- smile . she pick up the empty bottle from the ground , hold it up . elizabeth to freedom . jack to the Black Pearl . they tap the bottle together . Elizabeth feign a drink as he chug . he tap he bottle against she again . she laugh , feign another drink - ext . islet - beach - morning close on -- jack face , dead asleep , lie in the sunlight . his nose twitches . a bit of smoke drift by . his nose twitches again . his eye open . Jack groans and sit up . he rub he head , look over - -- all of the foliage in the middle of the island be on FIRE . smoke rise high up into the clear blue sky . Jack leap to he foot . he see Elizabeth , as she pour out the last of the rum , dowsing a scrub brush at the base of a palm tree . it go up in flame . she roll the barrel forward -- it start to burn merrily . Jack can not believe he eye . jack what be you do ? you have burn we food , the shade -- the rum ! elizabeth yes , the rum be go . she wipe she hand together . one of the rum barrel in the fire explode . jack why ? elizabeth one , because it be a vile drink that turn even the most respectable man into scoundrel . two - she point to the sky . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) that signal be over a thousand foot high , which mean it can be see for two hundred league in every direction . the entire Royal navy be out to sea look for I -- do you think there be even a chance they could mass it ? jack you -- you burn up the island , for a one - time chance at be spot ? elizabeth exactly . Elizabeth turn toward the sea . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) just you wait , Captain . in a hour , maybe two , keep a ' weather eye open ' and you will be see white sail on that horizon ! she sit down , determine . shield she eye , scan the water , wait , search . Jack be speechless . he throw up he hand , stalk up the sand dune , just to get away from she . ext . islet - leeward shore - day at the crest of the dune , Jack stop -- and stare , incredulous . we come around to see what he be look at - past Jack , anchore the other side of the island , white sail glorious against the turquoise water , be the h.m.s. dauntless . a longboat be already be row toward they . Jack shake he head . jack they will be no live with she after this . ext . h.m.s. dauntless - MAIN deck - day norrington give Elizabeth a hand disembark from the raise long boat . norrington Elizabeth , I be " relieved you be safe . ( be : Jack ) clap he in iron . and behind he back this time . elizabetii commodore , you can not do that ! norrington you be speak up for he again ? elizabeth he can locate isla de muerta -- but I doubt he will be willing to help we from the brig . jack ( she 's right ) we have time to get to know each other . norrington we be bound for Port Royal , not isla de muerta . elizabeth no . the pirate have take will - norrington you father be frantic with worry . we mission be to rescue you and return home . that be what we shall do . Mr. Turner 's fate be regrettable . but so be he decision to engage in piracy . elizabeth commodore , please ! jack norrington , think about it ... the Black Pearl , its captain and crew ... the last pirate threat in the Caribbean . how can you pass that up ? norrington by remember that I serve other , not only myself . elizabeth commodore , I beg you -- please do this ... for I . as a wedding gift . norrington I be to understand that you will accept my marriage proposal on the condition I rescue Mr. Turner ? elizabeth not as a condition -- a request . norrington consider . to gillette : norrington free mister sparrow , and prepare to come about . he will give you we head . gillette unlock Jack 's manacle . Jack raise a eyebrow . jack congratulation , sir . Crew man lead Jack toward the bridge . sailor go about they task , and the ship begin its slow turn . norrington Elizabeth , I hereby withdraw my proposal . elizabeth what ? norrington I know now where you heart truly lie . Elizabeth look at norrington , see he in a new light . elizabeth and now I know ... where yours do , as well . they gaze at each other for a moment . norrington look away . norrington you may seclude yourself in my cabin . I be afraid we do not have any lady ' clothing aboard . elizabeth then I can wear man 's clothing . norrington that would hardly be proper . elizabeth well , I be not go to stay hide in a some cabin , 80 I suppose it 's go to be heaving bosom and bare ankle for the remainder of the voyage ! norrington be exasperate , but then can not help but grin - this be exactly why he love she . she grin back at he - she 's not go to change . norrington murtogg , take we guest below , and find she some trousers , and a shirt . Elizabeth smile , allow herself to be escort away . norrington watch she go ... then turn he gaze to the sea . int . the black pearl - brig - day pintel enter the cell . it appear empty -- but that 's because will be hang from the rafter , try to shove up the ceiling plank with he leg . pintel that be not go to work . that 's the gun deck above yea will drop lightly to the deck . suddenly : will what happen to William Turner ? pintel ah , William Turner . stupid blighter . he throw in with we after we relieved Jack sparrow of he captaincy , but turn out , it never sit well with he - particularly after we find cortes ' treasure , and its peculiar condition . he think we deserve to be curse , for leave ol ' Jack to the fate we do . that 's why he send off a piece of the treasure -- to you , as it be : so it would never be recover , and so curse we_ remain . will and then he run . and he 's hide out someplace where you have not be able to find he . pintel that 's a nice think , to be sure , and I wager you da wish he would think it hisself . but , no . see , what he would do , _ do not sit too well with Captain barbossa ... so he chain a cannon to he leg and dumped he over . will react with shock at the account of he father 's fate . pintel ( cont 'd ) yep , last I see of bootstrap Bill , be he face look up , as he sink down to the crush black oblivion of davy Jones ' locker . ( sigh ) it be only after , we find out we need he blood to solve the curse . that 's what you call ironic . barbossa appear behind pintel , flanke by several other pirate . he regards will for a moment , then : barbossa bring he . ext . H. m.. s.. dauntless - MAIN deck - evening Jack go to the rail and wait , pretend to look out at the sea . Elizabeth , dress in sailor 's clothes to excellent effect , join he . elizabeth you do not tell commodore norrington everything . jack nor do you , I notice . elizabeth he might delay the rescue ... and that would be too late . jack exactly . elizabeth this man will be face a enemy that seemingly can not be kill . jack I have a plan . if it succeed , then any battle will be decidedly brief ... and one-side . elizabeth what 's you plan ? lookout ( o.s. ) land ho ! isla de muerta lay dark and menace on the horizon . norrington Elizabeth -- below deck . I will not compromise you safety .. she start to speak ; he turn away .. norrington ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant , escort Elizabeth to my quarter , and make sure she stay there . norrington gaze through he spyglass , at the island . Jack watch with some amusement as Elizabeth be escort away . norrington ( cont 'd ) I do not like the situation , mister sparrow . the island be riddled with cave . I will not put my man at a disadvantage . jack funny , I be think along that line . how about you let I go in alone , and while you be set up a ambush , I will trick the pirate out to you . norrington you would do that ? jack they leave I strand . twice . what have you get to lose ? norrington ( look at he ) nothing I would not be please to be rid of . jack ( smile ) I know you would listen to reason ! ext . isla do muerta - cave entrance - evening torch be light . barbossa lead will , guard by pintel and a band of pirate , into the cave . ext . h.m.s. dauntless - MAIN deck - night a long boat be prepare to be lower over the side . Jack wrap he pistol securely in a oilskin pouch . jack that chart I draw up ' 11 get you past the reef . if you be steersman 's good enough , that be . norrington I will be at the wheel myself . jack I will slip in , talk they into to come out , and you will be free to blow holy high heaven the whole lot of they . the crewmen release the line , and the boat drop - int . isla do muerta - cave - night the pirate group move deeper into the cave . will move along unwillingly . pintel no reason to fret . it 's just a prick of the finger and a few drop of blood . barbossa Turner blood do not flow pure in he vein . ( grin ) best play it safe , and spill it all . pintel I guess there be a reason to fret . ext . isla do muerte - night the dauntless drift into the lagoon . norrington and he man prepare to go ashore . h int . isla do muerta - cave - night lit by torchlight . will notice : a crack run between the floor and the wall of the cave , widen into a ravine . barbossa careful , now . you could fall in and still be wonder and when you will hit dirt . will make a decision . he intentionally stumble . pintel shove he forward -- will continue forward , grab the pirate in front of he , swing he into the wall of the cave . catch the pirate 's torch , and use it to ward off the other . will you deserve to be curse -- and remain curse ! he step to one side -- and drop into the ravine . the wall of the ravine become a loose gravel slope ; will hit it , and tumble down , disappear into black . barbossa blast he ! a pox on he , and he father , and the whole damnable line ! fan out ! find he ! int . dauntless - captain quarter - night Elizabeth look out the Captain 's small porthole -- see boat laden with navy man head for shore . she turn away from the porthole , wishing there be something she could do . suddenly there be a flutter at the window -- cotton 's parrot be there . cotton' parrot drink up I hearties yo ho ! drink up I hearties yo ho ! the bird flutter off ; Elizabeth race to the porthole , and then to the stern window to see it flyaway . she look down -- and there , fastened to the stern of the ship , be a small rowboat . int . isla demuerta - cave - night will race forward , turn this way and that . he see a light ahead , head for it , turn a corner - -- and run straight into Jack . jack do you have any idea where you be go ? will Jack ! jack do not talk . this cave magnify sound . just follow I . ext . isla do muerta - the beach - night norrington and man land on the beach , and spread out . they silently take up position around the main cave entrance . int . cave - night Jack lead will out of a narrow passage -- and stop , stare . will be a few step behind . will be you certain this be the right way ? jack it 's the right way . will join he -- and see what Jack be stare at : treasure pile on treasure , sparkling , glow , seemingly endless . at the center be the moonlit clear , and the stone Aztec chest . barbossa thank you , Jack sparrow . the jump -- barbossa be stand right behind they , flanke by he man . the trio whirl to run - - more pirate emerge from hide . nearly the entire crew of the Black Pearl be there . the pirate grab will and Jack . will struggle , but Jack do not fight at all . barbossa ( cont 'd ) you could not have lead he back more directly if you know exactly where you be go . he laugh , and move toward the stone chest . the pirate follow , drag will and Jack with they . will you do know where you be go ! you do lead we directly to they ! ( Jack 's silence confirm it ) why ? Jack look away -- as will be manhandle toward the chest . barbo8sa step up to he ( become skeletal in the moonlight ) and put the medallion around will 's neck . he pick up the stone knife . barbossa what be begin by blood , let blood now end ! he raise the knife to will 's throat - jack you do not want to be do that . barbossa pretend to think about he word . barbossa no , I really think I do . jack ( shrug ) all right then . that make barbossa pause . he step out of the moonlight . barbossa why do not I want to do this ? jack because , right about now , the h.m.s. dauntless be lie in wait in the harbor . will Jack ! jack - - and its gun and crew will cut you and you man to piece the moment you step outside this cave . a buzz of apprehension sweep through the pirate . pintel do you believe he ? barbossa no. ( indicate will ) but he I believe . he be genuinely angry . jack you have no hope of survive norrington 's attack ... that be , if you be mortal . barbossa what be you suggest ? Jack shake off the hand hold he , stroll toward barbossa , will , and the chest of coin . jack simple . do not kill the boy yet . wait for a more opportune moment . will glare , listen to every word he say . Jack scoops up a handful of coin from the chest . jack ( cont 'd ) ( drop the coin one - by - one back into the chest ) like after you have kill ... every ... last ... one ... of norrington 's man . barbossa I can not help wonder , Jack , why you be be so helpful and all ? last time you do that , it do not end 80 well for you . jack the situation have change . barbossa that so ? jack aye . see , after you be do with the Royal navy , you will have a bit of a problem : the h.m.s. dauntless . there you will be , with two lovely ship on you hand , and what to do ? of course you will decide you deserve the bigger one , and who 's to argue ? the dauntless a first - rate ship -of -line , and with it , you can rule the seas . ( beat ) but if you be Captain of the dauntless , who 's leave for the Black Pearl ? Jack smile and spread he hand : I . jack ( cont 'd ) I sail for you as part of you fleet , I give you fifteen percent of my plunder , and you get to introduce yourself at tea party and brothel as ' commodore barbossa . ' ( stick out he hand ) do we have a accord ? barbossa lick he lip . it 's tempting ... jack ( cont 'd ) now , you can take care of the dauntless , right ? barbossa Men ! be you up for it ? the pirate yell to the affirmative . barbossa ( cont 'd ) Mr. pintel , select five man to stay here . take the rest of the man out ... not through the cave . Jack 's expression falter ; this he have not plan for . jack there 's ... another exit ? barbossa aye , for we there be . ext . lagoon - underwater - night moonlight shine down into the shallow water , brighten coral , sparkling over the ripple sand floor . suddenly all the fish scatter . briefly , the water be empty . and then figure appear in the distance , seem to waver in the shifting current . they scuffle forward , kick up cloud of sand -- the figure resolve into the skeleton pirate , move silently across the lagoon floor , sword glint . the tatter of they clothing drift in the water . they skull head be fix in a endless grin . the lead pirate glide forward - and stop next to a huge iron anchor -- twice he ' height , even bury halfway into the sand . a heavy chain with barrel - size link climb up toward the surface - a shadow fall across the lead pirate -- he transform , and we see that it be pintel . he look up - above , the heavy chain lead to the giant bottom hull of the h.m.s. dauntless , silhouett by moonlight . the huge shift drift , again spilling moonlight below - and the pirate gather around the anchor be once again skeleton , stare with upturn face . the pintel -skeleton put a knife between he tooth , start to crawl up the iron ring . other pirate crowd forward , and soon the anchor-chain be cluster with skeleton - ext . lagoon - night Elizabeth have the small boat out , and row away from the dauntless , look ahead over she shoulder . cotton 's parrot be nowhere to be see . in the distance , pintel break the surface near the dauntless , intent on climb the anchor ; he look over - just as Elizabeth round the point , and rock obscure the small longboat from view . more skeleton - pirate appear , and pintel continue he climb . ext . lagoon - dauntless - night two sailor , alert and vigilant , stare out toward shore . the island reveal nothing but blackness . there be a scurrying sound -- bone scraping against wood - and the sailor jump . they listen , intently -- nothing . tall sailor ship rat . Big one . short sailor ( nod ) hate that thing . they turn back toward the island , continue they vigil . a long pause . short sailor ( cont 'd ) taste all right , though . tall sailor that they do . from behind , the two sailor at the rail be well - light by a lantern . suddenly shadow appear , skeleton , climb up the sailor 's back . - move closer and then the skeleton appear , reach -- the two sailor be grab from behind - ext . dauntless - side - night two body be toss out over the rail , hit the water with a splash . ext . dauntless - side - night pintel look down into the water , satisfied . put away he knife . notice , pull out a long piece of seaweed from he rib cage . toss it . turn to the other . pintel be quick , now . train the starboard gun on the beach , and set you aim . wait for my signal , we do not want to spook they . the pirate hurry to comply - ext . lagoon - black pearl - night Elizabeth round the point further , and see : the Black Pearl , anchore in the neighbor cove . a fleck of color - cotton 's parrot , as it dart in through a porthole . Elizabeth slow she effort , silently approach the ship . ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - night four pirate -- who really ought to be keep watch - instead have gather wine bottle and rum cast into a pile , along apple , biscuit -- all the food on the ship . they act out a mock -feast , in anticipation of the curse be lift . a skinny skeleton offer two bottle big boned skeleton . skinny which would you prefer first , good sir -rum , or wine ? big - bone I believe I will have a spot o' rum , if you do not mind , and thank'ee kind sir ! they burst out laugh -- a hideous sound that wheeze through they bone . behind they , unnotice , Elizabeth peek cautiously around a corner . she pick she moment and sneak past quickly , down a gangway , disappear into the blackness of the ship . ext . isla do muerta - beach - night gillette crouch , run low behind a line of rock . he report to norrington : gillette all the man in place , sir . ready to fire . norrington wait for my order -- what the blaze be that ? it 's the sound of cannon fire -- come from the dauntless . cannonballs hit the shore ; man cry out in anguish . norrington ( cont 'd ) Men ! take cover ! the sailor scramble to find refuge - int . isla do muerta - MAIN cavern - night will , guard by pirate , glare at Jack . will you have be plan this from the beginning . since you learn my name . Jack take the opportunity to move toward he . jack oh , please -- do I really seem that clever ? before will can answer , Jack smoothly slip the sword from a pirate 's scabbard -- toss it to will , who catch it despite he surprise . jack ( cont 'd ) use it well . he draw he own sword -- and clobber the pirate . barbossa and the other pirate stare in shock - barbossa confound it , Jack -- I be actually beginning to like you ! sword be draw , and the Pirates attack . Jack and will take on multiple opponent , each with he own style : will parry , glissade and disarm with lightning fast and perfect form , while Jack use he blade , fist , acrobatics and anything within reach to survive . ext . isla do muerta - beach - night the sailor charge . the moon emerge from behind a cloud - suddenly army of skeleton pirate rise up from the sea , and charge the stunne sailor -- several man be strike down - norrington steady , man ! remember -- we be the navy ! the sailor recover they nerve , and engage the enemy . it 's a full on battle , Royal navy against skeleton Pirates - the navy man be drive back , surround - suddenly there be a massive boom of cannon fire . norrington , in the midst of a swordfight , try to see - norrington ( cont 'd ) what be happen out there ? ext . lagoon - night it 's the Black Pearl , manned by Gibbs , anamaria and cotton , and captain by Elizabeth , come around the point , cannon blaze . ext . h.m. S. dauntless - night the pirate on the ship be catch by surprise , try to turn they cannon to this new foe - ext . isla do muerta - beach - night gillette see the Black Pearl fire on the dauntless . gillette they be on we side ! take heart , man ! the Royal navy stand they ground and fight - int . cave - MAIN chamber - night only two pirate leave : barbossa and jacoby . jacoby round on will ; barbossa face off against Jack . barbossa just so you know , Jack -- I do not think you be that clever . I think you be a fool . a mortal fool . jack remarkable how often that two trait coincide . Jack drive he back , make barbossa laugh . barbossa you can not beat I , Jack . to prove he point , he drop he own sword -- and catch Jack 's sword with both hand . Jack can not free it . barbossa twist the sword from Jack 's grip , reverse it - - - and drive the sword into jack chest . will battle jacoby , see it -- he smashes jacoby in the jaw , crumpling he will Jack ! Jack stare down at the sword jutting from he chest . he take a few step backward , toward the Aztec gold -- when he step into the moonlight , jack become skeletal . jack well , be not that interesting . skeleton Jack pull the sword from he chest . he pull something from he pocket : one of the Aztec coin . jack ( cont ' D ) they be so pretty , I just could not resist steal one . it 's a curse , I guess . barbossa grab up he sword , and rush Jack . both man be in moonlight now , two skeleton in pitch battle . barbossa so what now , Jack sparrow ? be we to be two immortal , lock in epic battle until the trumpet of judgment Day ? jack or you could surrender . he shove barbossa back , out of the moonlight . barbossa stalk the room , he attention focus on Jack . barbossa or I could chain you to a cannonball and drop you in the deep part of the ocean , where you can contemplate you folly forever . barbossa charge - a shot ring out - Jack stand out of the moonlight , flesh and blood again , hold he smoking pistol , still aim at barbossa . barbossa ( cont 'd ) hah . ten year you carry that pistol , and you end up waste you shot . will he do not waste it . will stand over the Aztec chest , hold a bloody sword , he leave hand in a fist . he open the fist - -- the medallion , blood cover it , drop from he hand , revealing the cut in he palm . barbossa stare , then look down at he chest . blood blossom on he shirt around the bullet hole . it spread quickly . barbossa clutches he chest , he face register pain for the first time in year . barbossa fall heavily to the ground , dead . Jack blow the smoke from the barrel of he pistol ... toss it away . ext . isla do muerta - beach - night murtogg fire a pistol at a pirate . the pirate be hit , scream in pain , and crumple to the ground . mullroy run through another with he sword . the pirate react to the sight , and quickly realize they peril . they set they weapon down in surrender . ext . isla do muerta - lagoon - night the Black Pearl come alongside the dauntless , and Jack 's crew swarm across , overwhelming the pirate . the sailor on the beach see it , and cheer . int . isla do muerte - cave - MAIN cavern - night will wrap a cloth around he palm ; Jack join he near the chest . will well , you be the worst pirate I have ever hear of . ( smile ) you be a man who can be trust , who can be count on , and who can it betray he friend . what kind of pirate be that ? jack ( admit it ) the worst . ( beat ) on the other hand , maybe I be a man who can not pass up a chance for revenge against the black - heart bastard who steal my ship and leave I to die in the middle of the ocean -- twice ! -- and who know how to get what he want . now that 's a great pirate . Jack cut he palm , grip the coin he steal above the chest ... and then hesitates . will look at he ... Jack release the coin . it land in the chest beside the other bloody coin . suddenly , the lid of the chest , all on its own , slam shut . Elizabeth stare at it . will let 's get out of here . ext . isla do muerta - beach - night - later Jack , will , and norrington gather together on the beach . Elizabeth call out : elizabeth you be all right ! the three man turn as one . a awkward moment -- which of they do she mean ? Elizabeth race across the sand , toward they -- and straight to will . she throw she arm around he neck in a hug . will miss swann -- be you wear trousers ? and how do you get off the island ? Elizabeth can not believe that 's what he notice . indignant , she step away from he . elizabeth yes , I be wear trousers . and as for how we get off the island -- ah , that 's a grand adventure , but now be not the time to talk about it . she reach a hand behind he neck , decisively kiss he . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) there . and do not you dare tell I that be not a proper kiss ! will Elizabeth , I think it do not matter - that we be of a different class - elizabeth it do not ! will -- but that be not a proper kiss . pure consternation on Elizabeth 's face - will ( cont 'd ) this be a proper kiss . will sweep she in he arm , lean she back , and kiss she long and well - Jack put a hand on norrington 's shoulder . jack tough luck . I be root for you . ext . port royal - fort charle - day Close on : will 's face , stoic , stare forward . he stand straight and unmove . around he be member of the Royal navy , stand before for a group of witness from town . it be the courtyard on the top of Fort Charles . a trial be underway -- with will as the defendant . norrington ... and though I do say so with regret , the law be clear . the penalty for piracy be death by hang . in the crowd , Elizabeth squeeze the hand of she father , swann . she let go as swann stand . swann by you leave , I wish to speak on behalf of the boy . ( a glance at Elizabeth ) it be clear that this deed be perform out of a sincere desire to do good , at great personal risk . it seem to I , that in the rare occasion where the right course be commit a act of piracy , then a act of piracy be the right course ! ( cheer of approval ) so in my capacity as Governor , I intend to grant a pardon to -- gillette Sir ! all eye turn . gillette stand at the top of a stairway . gillette ( cont 'd ) Jack and he crew have escape ! ( gasp from the crowd ) there be no damage to the cell ... they must have be set free . will and Elizabeth exchange look . you ? not I , you ? no , not I either ! swann notice something the parapet , point - swann the Black Pearl ! people rush to the parapet . sure enough , below in the bay be the distinctive black sail of the Pearl . the ship cut through the water very close to the point - -- where the gallow of the pirate be . suddenly Jack appear , on the point ; he swing off the one empty gallow , across and down onto the ship 's rigging as it pass . gillette Sir ! shall I break out the cannon ? norrington I do not think that will be necessary . norrington raise he hand ... twirl a key on he finger . norrington ( cont 'd ) a day 's head start . that 's all he get . will , Elizabeth and swann look out toward ocean - ext . black pearl - stern deck - day Jack monkey down the rigging . anamaria be at the wheel . anamaria Captain sparrow -- the Black Pearl be yours ! Jack run a hand lovingly along the rail , then take the wheel . it feel good -- right -- in he hand . he enjoy it , and then shift to ' Captain ' mode . jack anamaria , trim the mainsail ! anamaria aye , aye , sir ! jack Mr. Gibbs , organize a clean detail - you and cotton . I want every inch of the Pearl spic-and - span and ship -shape ! Gibbs actually stomp the deck , execute a salute . Jack stand at the wheel : he 's get he ship back , and all be right with the world . he begin to unconsciously hum : " yo , ho , yo , ho , a pirate 's life for I ... " he realize what he 's do and smile , the orchestra take over as the Black Pearl sail for unchart water ... and we fade up large word in script : the end fade out and credit roll