pirate of the caribbean : calypso' FURY screenplay by Ted Elliott & Terry rossio Green revision ( January 31 , 2006 ) here be a late production draft of pirate of the caribbean : at world' end . you will notice a different title , calypso 's fury . this title be never in serious contention , simply a work title , until marketing deadline force the eventual title to be determine . Terry rossio February , 2014 ©2014 Terry rossio & Ted Elliott * wordplay '' http://www.wordplayer.com Pirates of the Caribbean calypso 's fury screenplay by Ted Elliott and Terry rossio Green revision January 31 , 2006 500 501 502 503 504 white revision 7- 4-07 1 . black fade up : shackle feet . chain drag along the ground . pirate , lead to they final reward -- the gallow . footstep climb the wooden step . a air of expectancy . tilt up to reveal -- ext . fort - day a pirate cabin boy stand on the gallow . a noose be fitte around he neck . among the pirate in line , a tune begin , hummed low . then the cabin Boy begin to sing , low and waver , focus only on the song and not that who have come see he hang -- cabin boy ( 0.s. ) yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colour high ... heave ho , thief and beggar , never shall we die ... the cabin Boy close he eye -- in the blackness , a silver coin fall , tumble slowly . it be a silver piece of EIGHT , irregular , golden light glint off its rough surface -- cabin boy the king and he man steal the queen from she bed and bound she in she bone ... back to scene : as a pirate wait join in , sing low : pirate the seas be ours and by the power where we will -- we will roam ... in the crowd stand sir cutler beckett among officer of the east india trading company . he frown at the wait prisoner , as more pick up the song : prisoner yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colour high ... heave ho , thief and beggar , never say we die ... beckett give a nod . a wood - squeak , thunk as the gallow trap - door open -- in darkness , the silver piece of EIGHT tumble and turn ... 500 501 502 503 504 505 506 507 508 white revision 7-4-07 2 . at the gallow , the line of Pirates watch with dread and fascination as the young man dance he final dance . another pirate be lead to the noose -- old man ( 0.s. ) some man have die and some be alive and other sail on the sea -- with the key to the cage ... and the devil to pay ... we lay to fiddler 's Green ! at the gallow , another squeak , thunk and cry as the hapless pirate fall to he doom -- all pirate yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colour high -- heave ho , thieve and beggar , never shall we die ... a lever pull . another pirate swing . a rope tighten . another pirate hang . faster and faster . beckett smile . a dozen pirate now dangle at the end of they rope -- anda final pirate drop down , boot close in frame -- the silver piece of EIGHT land on a table , spin and wobble to a stop . teague , pirate Lord of madagascar , stare out a window , the weight of ill news in he eye . behind he , on a table , lie the Silver piece of eight , next to a candle , a open envelope , and letter teague 's hand pick up the coin , clutches it -- and the candle goe out -- CUT to black a pause , then ... a woman' voice out of the darkness ... elizabeth ( 0.s. ) the bell have be raise from its watery grave ... do you hear its sepulchral tone ? a small boat emerge out of the gloom . Elizabeth move it with a long pole through a maze of pylon . we be -- ext . singapore - harbor - night junk cramme together around ramshackle dock . criss -crossing shadow from hang lamp . under the dock , Elizabeth move past raise platform , see : a old lady crouch , gut fish ... a artisan blow glass 505 506 507 508 white revision 7-4-07 3. over a coal FIRE ... a laughing boy outside a firework shed light a pinwheel ; it spin , spark fly -- the shadow of a monkey race past . Elizabeth 's apprehension grow . it 's all weird , surreal . she keep sing -- elizabeth ( 0.s. ) a call to all , pay heed the squall -- 509 ext . singapore - dock - night 509 on the dock , Elizabeth tie the bow line . elizabeth -- and turn you sail toward home ! yo ho , haul together -- east india company men , include mercer , approach . she be - tie the line as they pass . then resume the song . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) raise the color high ! heave ho -- huang ( 0.s. ) -- thief and beggar , never say we die . three guard appear out of the darkness of a huge sewer pipe . they leader be tai huang . huang ( cont 'd ) a dangerous song to be sing , for any who be ignorant of its meaning . particularly a woman . particularly a woman alone . barbossa ( 0.s. ) what make you think she 's alone ? the Guards turn . barbossa stand behind they , smile . huang you protect she ? elizabeth what make you think I need protection ? huang should not have turn away : she knife be at he throat . barbossa you master be expect we . ( to Elizabeth ) and a unexpected death would cast a slight pall on we meeting . 510 511 512 513 white revision 7- 4-07 4 . Elizabeth lower the knife . huang you be Captain barbossa . barbossa aye . and she be Elizabeth swann . and Sao Feng have promise we safe passage . huang for as long as it suit he . huang turn to lead they away -- stop , hold up a hand . East India company agent go past . huang gesture ' follow I ' and lead they toward the huge sewer pipe -- ext . singapore - bridge - night the East India company Agents keep a look out . drop down to the water below -- in the water , a dozen or so coconut float lazily with the current . and then one rise up -- the top of pintel 's head . other rise out of the water -- coconut shell wear like helmet by gibb , ragetti , cotton and marty . they carry oilskin bundle , take out large rasp , wait , poise to file through the bar of a metal grate -- on the agent : as they hear wheel squeaking , turn to see : tia dalma , push a cart carry bird cage with twitter canary ; potion , bottle and bag of flour . cotton 's parrot perches atop ; jack the monkey turn the crank of a organ -- beneath the dock -- Gibbs and he crew begin filing through the grate , the noise cover by the music -- ext . singapore - bath house - night as huang lead barbossa and Elizabeth toward the door of a low -slung , decrepit bath house . the two confer in whisper : elizabeth have we hear anything from will ? barbossa the whelp be more than capable of take care of himself . but you , in the presence of Sao Feng , you will be want to show a bit more diffidence than be you custom . elizabeth he 's that terrifying , be he ? 510 511 512 513 514 515 516 517 white revision 7-4-07 5 . barbossa he 's much like myself , absent my merciful nature and sense of fair play . huang rap out a signal on the door . a slit open , eye scan he , the slit close , the door open -- ext . singapore - under the dock - night 514 pintel and ragetti keep filing -- until suddenly the music stop . ragetti file one stroke too many , oop -- on the dock , one of the Agents regards the monkey , hold it up 515 with the tip of he sword . the other poke at the cart . agent ( to tia dalma ) you can not be here . tia dalma lift she face -- they see she be blind . tia dalma you mother always know it be you who throw the linen down the well . but she forgive you for it . agent how do you know that ? tia dalma the canary . she grin a black - tooth smile . the Agents jump back . Jack the monkey go back to grind , the music pick up -- below , pintel and ragetti return to saw -- 516 int . bath house vestibule - night 517 huang stop , bar barbossa and Elizabeth 's way . huang no weapon . remove they , please . barbossa of course . barbossa and Elizabeth lose they sword , pistol . huang hold up a hand to stop Elizabeth . he gesture to she coat . huang do you you think because she be a woman , we would not suspect she of treachery ? 518 519 white revision 7-4-07 6 . barbossa when you put it that way ... huang remove , please . Elizabeth strip off she coat . huang take it , and reveal two sword in hide scabbard in the lining . again , they start past -- huang stop Elizabeth . again . smile . huang ( cont 'd ) remove . please . Elizabeth look indignant -- int . bath house - night on elizabeth , self - conscious in a short robe and nothing else . she and barbossa follow a dragon tattooed half - naked pirate into the bath house . they move past alga - cover tub and leaky , rusted pipe . Elizabeth note : all of the man have the same dragon tattoo . sao feng step out of a tub ; two attendant -- lian and park ( in corset - like outfit ) -- dress he in full pirate garb . Sao Feng do not acknowledge barbossa and Elizabeth 's presence . barbossa get it ; he must speak first . barbossa Captain Sao Feng . thank you for granting I this audience . sao feng Captain barbossa ! welcome to Singapore . ( to a guard ) more steam . the Guard bang on the wall twice -- int . boiler room - night two short attendant work the boiler and bellow system that feed steam to the bathhouse above . Gibbs crawl out of a tunnel , follow by pintel , ragetti , cotton ... and then marty , who do not have to crawl . they see the attendant smile at each other -- no problem -- a huge attendant come into view . Problem . ragetti move to crawl back into the tunnel . Gibbs grab he collar -- gibb ( sotto ) none of that . ( more ) 518 519 white revision 7-4-07 7 . gibb ( cont 'd ) if thing do not go the way we want , then we be the only chance we have it will not go as bad as we expect . 520 int . bath house - night 520 steam issue from the pipe . Sao Feng lean over a vent , wave it into he face . sao feng I understand that you have a request to make of I ..? barbossa and a proposal to make to you . I have a venture underway , and I find myself in need of a ship and a crew . sao feng and you consider I worthy of such a honor ? a ship and crew ... ( a chuckle ) huh . that 's a odd coincidence . elizabeth because you happen to have a ship and a crew you do not need ? barbossa give she a warning glance . sao feng no . because earlier this day , not far from here , a thief break into my most revere uncle 's temple , and try to make off with this ... Sao Feng cross to a wizen old man , who clutches ancient chart to he chest . Sao Feng try to take they -- but the Old man really do not want to let they go . a look from Sao Feng , and the man release they . sao feng ( cont 'd ) navigational chart . the route to the farthest Gate . ( barbossa 's smile falter slightly ) would not it be amazing if this venture of yours take you to the world beyond this one ? barbossa it would strain credulity , at that . white revision 7-4-07 8 . Sao Feng gaze at he levelly . he nod to two guard near one of the bath . the Guards haul a figure out of the tank -- it 's william turner . he gasp for breath . Sao Feng grab he by the hair , display he face to Elizabeth and barbossa . sao feng this be the thief . be he face familiar to you ? both play it cool : neither have ever see he before . Sao Feng study they , shrug -- and pick up a huge fid -- sao feng ( cont 'd ) no ? then I guess he have no further need for it . he prepare to stab will with the fid -- Elizabeth tense -- Sao Feng spot the tell . his pleasant demeanor be go . sao feng ( cont 'd ) you come into my city , you seek my indulgence and largesse , and you betray my hospitality ? you betray I ? barbossa Sao Feng , I assure you , I have no idea -- sao feng -- that he would get catch . Sao Feng stare . barbossa shrug : yeah , okay . sao feng ( cont 'd ) you intend to attempt a voyage to davy Jones ' locker . and I can not help but wonder : why ? barbossa toss something to Sao Feng , who catch it -- a silver piece of EIGHT . Sao Feng examine it . sao feng ( cont 'd ) a piece of eight . ( look up at barbossa ) it 's true , then ? barbossa aye . the time be upon we . we must convene the Brethren Court . he bang twice on the wall . no steam . sao feng more steam ! white revision 7- 4-07 9 . 521 int . boiler room - night 521 marty sit atop the huge attendant , tightening a knot . cotton puzzle out the boiler mechanism . Gibbs , pintel and ragetti move out of the room , further under the bathhouse -- 522 int . bath house - night 522 Sao Feng lean over a vent , breathes in the soothing steam . sao feng the Court have not meet in my lifetime . barbossa nor mine . Sao Feng toy with a Captain 's knot pendant at he neck . sao feng and when last it do , my father tell I , it end ... badly . barbossa but the time before that , it produce the code , which have serve we well and it be the very first meeting what give we no less than rule of the sea herself , do not it ? and now that rule be be challenge . sao feng the East India Trading company . barbossa ( nod ) Lord cutler beckett be a pox on we all . 523 int . beneath the bath house - night 523 oilskin bundle be unroll : sword , pistol and grenade . the pirate place the grenade in the floor joist . ragetti 's attention be draw to a knothole . he peek through . get a better angle with he wooden eye . it catch pintel 's attention . ragetti point up , mouth " Elizabeth ! " 524 int . bath house - night 524 sao feng there be a price on all we head it be true . it seem the only way a pirate can turn a profit anymore ... ( he regards will ) . be by betray other pirate . ( more ) white revision 7-4-07 10 . sao feng ( cont 'd ) ( back to barbossa ) but pirate be either Captain or crew , and nine squabbling captain try to chart a course be eight captain too many . against the company , what value be the Brethren Court ? what can any of we do ? elizabeth you can fight . she realize she say that out loud . all eye on she . 525 int . beneath the bath house - night 525 pintel shove ragetti aside , peer through the knothole -- 526 int . bath house - night 526 Elizabeth step forward : elizabeth you be Sao Feng , the pirate Lord of Singapore . you command in the Age of piracy , where bold captain sail free water , where wave be not measure in foot but increment of fear , and that who pass the test become legend . a huge dragon tattoo guy step forward to put a hand on Elizabeth 's shoulder . she shrug he off , continue : elizabeth ( cont 'd ) would you have that era come to a end on you watch ? 527 int . beneath the bath house - night 527 pintel flinch at the sight , give ragetti a dismay look : what be you smoking , dude ? 528 int . bath house - night 528 elizabeth but here you be : you ship crowd the harbor , rotting on they line , while you cower in you bath water Sao Feng regards she , make a circle around she sao feng Elizabeth swann ... there be more to you than meet the eye , be not there ? and the eye do not go want . white revision 7-4-07 11 . he smile charmingly at she -- she can not help but smile back sao feng ( cont 'd ) ( to barbossa ) but I can not help but notice you have fail to answer my question . what be it you seek in davy Jones ' locker ? will Jack sparrow . Sao Feng freeze . the room go dead still , too . will ( cont 'd ) he 's one of the pirate lord . Park , one of the twin , giggle at the name -- stop smile when Sao Feng glare at she . lian hide she own smile . Sao Feng work to hide he rage . sao feng the only reason I would want Jack sparrow return from the realm of the dead be so I can send he back myself . barbossa exactly why we prefer he name go unmention . under this : Sao Feng spot : the dragon tattoo of one of he Guards be melting -- steng . sao feng so you admit you have deceive I . barbossa Jack sparrow hold one of the nine piece of eight ! he fail pass it along to a successor before he die . and so we must go and fetch he back -- Sao Feng catch huang 's eye , direct he toward steng sao feng weapon ! Sao Feng 's man ( and woman ) produce weapon from beneath the water in the tub -- 529 int . crawl space - beneath the bath house 529 Gibbs and the other exchange a glance -- it 's go bad -- 530 531 532 white revision 7- 4-07 12 . int . bath house - night 530 barbossa and Elizabeth be suddenly at the center of a ring of weapon point at they . barbossa I assure you we intention be strictly honorable -- he have he hand spread wide -- and then , suddenly , sword be push up through the floor board ... and barbossa find himself hold a sword in each hand . crap . Elizabeth have two sword ; she toss one across the room to will . Sao Feng hold the point of the fid to steng 's face . sao feng Drop you weapon , or I kill you man ! barbossa frown . confused look from barbossa to will to elizbeth . back to Sao feng. barbossa shrug . barbossa kill he . he 's not we man . will if he 's not with you , and not we ... who be he with ? the question be answer as suddenly east india trading company agent storm in -- crashing through window -- instantly , the Pirates turn back - to- back to face this new threat . Sao Feng spin away from steng to fight . will grab another sword from below and wade into the battle -- int . crawl space - beneath the bath house 531 pintel and ragetti light a fuse , to a grenade attach to one of the joist -- explosion -- int . bath house - night 532 the bath house be rocked , and half the floorboard drop down , make a ramp . Gibbs , marty , cotton , pintel and ragetti rush in , fire pistol , join the fight -- as mercer stride in with a phalanx of soldier . lian attack he with a sword ; he fire at she , kill she point blank -- Park pull a steel chopstick out of she hair , set out for vengeance . Pirates flee and scatter -- 533 534 535 white revision 7-4-07 13 . ext . singapore - dock - various - night 533 we heroes flee down ramp , up ladder , swing on rope . East India Trading company agent fire pistol , engage with sword -- amid the fight , a stack of crate be knock over . pintel push steng out of the way , save he . steng grin he thanks -- then suddenly slashes at pintel , who jump back . pintel hey ! you be a pirate ! steng slashes , pintel fall backwards over a rail -- Elizabeth and barbossa , cotton and marty take on a array of East India Trading company agent -- Agents crouch behind the push-cart of tia dalma . the canary fly 534 away from it , through open door of they cage . the Agents realize something be wrong , and run -- just as the cart explode -- on a platform , a wall collapse and mercer be knock back , into 535 the shadow . he pull a steel chopstick out of one shoulder then the other . look up and see -- will come around a bamboo scrim -- where Sao Feng grab he . he put a knife to will 's throat . Fighting , gunfire explosion can be see past they , through the scrim . sao feng odd coincidence , be not it ? the East India Trading company find I the day you show up in Singapore . will it be coincidence only . will twist away , flash he own knife ; Sao Feng block it . mercer , unseen , grin and draw he pistol , aim -- will ( cont 'd ) you want to cut a deal with beckett ? you need what I offer . on mercer , ready to fire -- but hesitates . sao feng you cross barbossa , you be willing to cross Jack sparrow -- why should I expect any better ? 536 537 538 white revision 7-4-07 14 . will they be in the way of what I want . you be help I get it . Sao Feng accept this logic , but have a final point : sao feng you betray I , and I will slit you throat . will then we have a understanding . they each lower they knife . Sao Feng hand will the chart . on the dock , Jack the monkey light a rocket . the rocket shoot 536 across the water , into the firework shed . explosion , and the shed tilt over , splashes -- on the platform , barbossa and Elizabeth arrive , see will , hold 537 the chart , stand with tai huang . barbossa you have the chart ! will and better . ( indicate huang ) a ship and a crew . elizabeth where 's Sao Feng ? will he will cover we escape -- then meet we at shipwreck cove . huang this way . be quick . barbossa nod ; he and will follow tai huang away , follow by Elizabeth , pintel , ragetti , cotton . on mercer , still hide . he recede back into the shadow . ext . hai peng - deck - night 538 the chinese junk sail out of the harbor . the night sky glow from fire burn in Singapore . barbossa confront will . barbossa you be not suppose to get catch . will it work out the way I want . 539 540 541 white revision 7-4-07 15 . he move away -- past , Elizabeth who look out from the rail -- there be dozen of ship cluster on shore . Beyond they , the glow of Singapore as it burn . elizabeth there 's no place leave for he to cower . do you think he will honor the call ? tia dalma step up behind she tia dalma I can not say . there be something on the seas that even the most staunch and bloodthirsty pirate have come to fear -- ext . caribbean sea - day 539 the dutchman surface . cannon port open . cannon FIRE -- rapid , no time for reloading -- pirate ship be hit broadside . they cannon return fire . the dutchman 's cannon go silent . smoke drift from the barrel , become ... ext . caribbean sea - day - later 540 . smoke that the Flying dutchman sail through regally , smoke issue from burn wreckage . it sail past , revealing : in the distance , the endeavour ride majestic on the horizon -- int . endeavour - captain be cabin - day 541 a map of the world ; ship model represent squadron . several officer pore over it . a piece of EIGHT spin on a desktop ; a hand slam down on it : beckett 's . he pick it up , examine it . the Dead man 's chest be on the desk as well . beckett a piece of eight . nine of they , you say ? mercer we new friend in Singapore be very specific , sir : nine piece of eight . beckett what be the significance of that , I wonder ? white revision 7-4-07 16 . mercer do it matter ? there 's nothing can hold against the armada , ( tap finger on chest ) not with the Flying dutchman at the lead . beckett nothing we know of . do we friend happen to mention where the Brethren Court be meeting ? mercer he be mum on that , sir . beckett then he understand the value of information . speak of ... best keep all this to ourselves . he glance across the room , where swann sit at a table , signing order , one after another . beckett ( cont 'd ) we can not have anyone run off to Singapore , can we ? ah , Admiral ! now - Admiral norrington have enter the cabin . norrington you summon I , Lord beckett ? beckett yes . something there that better suit you new station . he nod to a long wooden box on a sideboard . norrington think he recognize it , open it . Inside be he sword . a glance back at beckett , who nod . norrington lift the sword , consider what it mean . under this : beckett ( cont 'd ) the Brethren know they face extinction . all that 's leave be for they to decide where they will make they final stand . on swann - a clerk set a sheaf of document before he . swann not more requisition order . clerk no , sir . execution . 542 543 544 white revision 7-4-07 17 . swann be distress by that ; briefly , he make eye contact with norrington . both man quickly look away . swann pick up he quill , resume he distasteful task grove enter , salute beckett . grove the attack be end , sir ext . endeavour - day 542 Governor swann stare out at section of blast hull , float barrel , and body . beckett and norrington arrive , gaze out at the carnage . norrington appall . beckett raise he spyglass . beckett bloody hell . there 's nothing leave . ( to norrington ) prepare to lower the boat . fetch the chest . swann want to turn away , but force himself to look -- int . flying dutchman - captain be cabin - day 543 Music play . Jones gaze at the locket with the picture of hang from the pipe organ . he lift it gently ... a tear form in he eye . Jones touch a knuckle to the tear -- and be stunne by its presence , by he own emotion . he know the cause , glance toward the deck -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - day 544 the Dead man 's chest be bring over the rail , guard by marine , include murtogg and mullroy , and lead by norrington . norrington take in the ship , the crewmen , not happy to be there . he note the fear in he man . norrington steady , man . we stand aboard a seagoing vessel , no more and no less . you will comport yourself as marine . murtogg put a hand on a rail , snatch it back , disgust . mullroy oh , now , it 's not all that bad . a little bit of elbow grease , be all she need . white revision 7-4-07 18 . murtogg we set the grease on fire ? mullroy and get away as fast as we can . murtogg it 's a two - part plan . mullroy that 's how you know it 's a good one . Jones stride up , but keep he distance from the chest . jone go , the lot of you -- and take that with you ! I will not have that infernal thing on my ship ! beckett oh . I be sorry to hear that . because I will . because it seem to be the only way to ensure this ship do as direct by the company . Jones grip the ship 's rail with he claw . beckett nod , indicate norrington should continue away with the chest . jone the dutchman sail as its Captain command . beckett and the Captain be to sail it as command . this be no longer you world , Jones . the immaterial have become ... immaterial . I would have think you would learn that when I order you to kill you pet . swann step forward . swann do you give that ship opportunity to surrender ? jone we let they see we . methink that opportunity enough . swann my daughter could have be aboard one of they ! that alone be cause to exercise restraint ! 545 white revision 7-4-07 19 . beckett we need prisoner to interrogate . which work best when they be alive . jone I be exterminate pirate . as command by the company . ( to swann ) and you daughter be dead . pull under with the Black Pearl -- by my pet . do Lord beckett not tell you that ? swann be take aback with shock -- then whirl and run for the cabin . beckett give Jones a dark look , follow -- int . flying dutchman - cabin - day 545 the chest be set in place . the key insert into the lock by norrington . he open the chest ; the beat heart be inside . swann come into the cabin , purposeful . the marine immediately point they rifle at the heart . swann grab one of they bayonet , intend to plunge it into the heart -- norrington grab he wrist . norrington Governor ! swann do you know ? do you ? he do not know what he 's talk about . swann ( cont 'd ) she 's dead ! Elizabeth be dead ! norrington be stunne . swann break down . norrington jerk he head to the marine : leave . they do . swann regains he purpose -- swann ( cont 'd ) let I go ! let I do this ! jone ( 0.s. ) let he go . Jones be in the doorway . swann stay back ! I will kill you ! white revision 7-4-07 20 . jone and be you prepare for what come after ? when I carve that traitorous vessel from my body , I cast upon it a terrible geis . if you stab my heart . then yours will take its place . the import of that be not lose on swann and norrington . jone ( cont 'd ) the crew be not bound to I , they be bound to the dutchman ... and the dutchman must have a captain . will ye serve ? swann hesitates -- beckett and mercer arrive in time to hear the end of Jones ' speech . beckett be none too pleased . beckett Governor ! you daughter be still alive . mercer saw she myself , in Singapore . that 's news to Jones ; he snap a angry look at beckett . beckett wave he off . swann you be all liar ! beckett no. Jones be merely cruel . but perhaps I be guilty of sin by omission . for which I apologize . norrington Governor ... weatherby ... there 's still hope . swann search he face -- he , at least , be sincere . norrington ( cont 'd ) I have hope . the anger drain from swann 's face . he release the bayonet to norrington . to beckett : swann we association be end . norrington escort he out , past beckett -- he give beckett a narrow look : he do not like what he just hear . 546 547 548 white revision 7-4-07 21 . beckett you be dismiss , Captain . Jones give he the same narrow look , exit . beckett contemplate he option as he shut the chest softly . mercer he 's a sly one , that Jones . who 's go to kill he , if they become he ? beckett consider that ; not good . beckett I can order Admiral norrington 's silence . he will obey ; it 's what he do . mercer and the governor ? beckett consider ; he be genuinely regretful . beckett yes. well . every man should have a secret he carry to he grave . ext . hai peng - deck - dusk 546 will make a line fast -- notice a speck of water on the back of he hand . look up -- many snowflakes be fall down onto the ship . ext . between world - ice passage - dusk 547 the Hai peng sail into a freeze glacial landscape . ext . hai peng - deck - dusk 548 the monkey , shiver . ragetti , shiver . pintel , shiver . tia dalma stand nearby , not shiver . pintel no one say anything about cold . ragetti I be sure there 's good reason for we suffer . pintel why do not the obeah woman just bring back Jack the way she bring back barbossa ? 549 white revision 7-4-07 22 . tia dalma because barbossa be only dead . he do not know she be stand there . tia dalma ( cont 'd ) Jack sparrow be take body and soul , to a place not of death , but punishment . the worst fate a person can conjure for himself , stretch on forever ... that 's what await in davy Jones ' locker . she move away . ragetti I know there be a good reason . close on : the map , as will move the circle within circle of 549 the chart . in the center , a draw of a ship rotate . will ( to huang ) nothing here be set . it can not be as accurate as modern chart . huang no . but it lead to more place . will stare after huang as he move away . will 's focus move to one of the inscribe poem . he frown . will " over the edge , back , over again , sunrise set , flash of green . " do you care to interpret , barbossa ? barbossa ever gaze upon the green flash , mister Gibbs ? gibb I reckon I have see my share . ( to will ) happens on rare occasion , at the last glimpse of sunset , a green flash shoot up into the sky . some go they whole life and never see it . some claim to have see it who be not . some say -- pintel -- it signal when a soul come back to this world from the dead ! ( Gibbs glare at he ) sorry . 550 white revision 7-4-07 23 . pintel slink away , join ragetti . ragetti do not they get it ? it 's a riddle . riddle be fun . " over the edge , back , over again -- " pintel riddle be not fun ! the way it always go be some poor bloke end up dead , but just beforehand he realize no , I be not suppose to listen to the siren , I be not suppose to take the pot ' gold , but by then it 's too late and he die in a horrible and ofttime ironical manner , and in this case , you and I be the poor bloke ! by the time pintel be do with he rant , all on deck be stare at he . barbossa grin . barbossa see , mister Turner ? we will finda way . it 's not get to the land of the dead be the problem -- it 's get back ! ext . hai peng - deck - night 550 Elizabeth stand beneath a lantern at the rail . she stare out at the dark sea . the iceberg be go . will join she the ocean before they be a mirror , star above and below . a silence between will and Elizabeth . finally : will how long do we continue not talk ? in fact Elizabeth do not want to talk . but -- elizabeth once we rescue Jack , everything will be fine . there be many way to intrepret that word and will run through they all . finally conclude : will then we will rescue Jack Elizabeth nod , step back from the rail -- turn and leave . will lean forward , arm on the rail ... and notice : Far away , a line of white mist stretch to infinity . 551 552 white revision 7-4-07 24 . will ( cont 'd ) barbossa ! ahead ! barbossa aye , this be the water I know . we be good and lose now . elizabeth lose ? barbossa for certain you have to be lose , to find a place as can not be find . elseways everyone would know where it be , aye ? barbossa laugh . Gibbs look over the rail -- gibb we be gain speed ... will to station ! all hand ! to station ! the ship gather more speed , and the SOUND of raging water be hear . will ( cont 'd ) rudder full ! hard a-port ! Gather way and keep she trim ! Pirates scramble to comply -- barbossa stride forward . barbossa belay that ! let she run straight and true ! will climb the rigging , look out -- will hard a-port ! from above , we see the Hai peng as it fight the pull of the 551 current , turn -- but not sharp enough pull back and reveal : a endlessly long waterfall where the ocean itself flow over and down into nothingness the edge of the world . ext . deck hai peng - night 552 tia dalma appear on deck . unlike that around she , she be calm and serene . she toss she crab claw down onto a barrel head . leans over they , murmur a incantation . 553 554 555 556 white revision 7-4-07 25 . tia dalma malfaiteur en tombeau , crochir 1'esplanade , dan 1 ' fond d ' 1 ' eau ! she repeat the phrase , faster and then slower . move the claw around in a intricate , repeat pattern -- the roar be now deafening . will wrestle the wheel . Elizabeth whirl to barbossa as he pull himself to he foot . elizabeth you have doom we all . barbossa do not be so unkind ! ye may not survive to pass this way again -- and this be the last friendly word ye will hear from above , the Hai peng continue to turn , fight to escape . near sideways now to the edge . the hull of the Hai peng stick out into the air ... and then the entire ship tilt over and topples down -- Elizabeth scream ... barbossa laugh ... all the Pirates cry out as the ship plummet down into -- blackness . and silence . then singing and laughter . various pirate voice , distant , eerie ... " yo ho yo ho a pirate 's life for I ... " and just as quickly as they come , the voice fade ... fade up : a white hot SUN burn in a cloudless blue sky . ext . black pearl - day a loose sail flap in the wind . the sail be pull aside to reveal captain jack sparrow . he make it fast , call up : jack boatswain ! haul the halyard , slacken brace ! pan up to -- surprise ! -- jack sparrow , a second one , in the rigging . Jack wave and call down : jack ( boatswain ) ( cont 'd ) aye , Captain ! slacken brace , man make all ! how do she lie ? on deck , a sailor turn : jack sparrow again . 553 554 555 556 white revision 7-4-07 26 . jack ( cont 'd ) a fair wind and a follow sea ! Captain Jack nod . in good spirit , he move along the deck -- then stop and look down . there be a problem . jack ( captain ) ( cont 'd ) mister sparrow , come here . jack ( boatswain ) ( cont 'd ) aye , Captain ! Jack drop down from the rigging . Captain Jack 's demeanor be rigid , with a gaze that could wither Captain bly . jack ( captain ) ( cont 'd ) what say ye about the condition of the knot on this bow line ? jack ( boatswain ) ( cont 'd ) it be proper to my eye , sir . as he speak , Captain Jack tug on the line and it unravel . jack ( captain ) ( cont 'd ) proper ? it be neither proper nor suitable , sir ! it be not acceptable nor adequate . it be , in obvious fact , a abomination . another Jack step forward -- earnest , well - meaning . jack ( honest ) ( cont 'd ) begging you pardon , sir . perhaps if you give the man another chance -- jack ( captain ) ( cont 'd ) it 's that sort of think that get we into this mess . Jack pull a pistol and shoot honest Jack , who go stumbling backwards , over the rail . Jack turn back -- close on Jack 's face , close enough to see the spittle fly : jack ( cont 'd ) you have cause we to lose speed and therefore time . precious time , which can not be recover once lose . do you understand ? aye , Captain . do you now ? pull back to see that there be no one speak to Jack , and he speak to no one . he carry both side of the argument . madness in he eye . 557 white revision 7-4-07 27 . jack ( cont 'd ) it will have to be redone . all of it . all of it ! and let this serve as a lesson to the lot of you ! pull back more . we see the true state of the Black Pearl . sail flat . no crew . no movement . no other Jack sparrow . the Black Pearl sit alone in a vast desert . with Jack sparrow , alone , rave on the deck jack ( cont 'd ) it 's the doldrum , sir , it have the entire crew on edge -- Stow it ! I have no sympathy for any of you feculent maggot -- ( step up onto rail ) -- and no more patience to pretend otherwise ! he step off the rail -- on the wrong side . ext . davy jone locker - black pearl - day 557 Jack drop down into the sand next to the Black Pearl . pick up a rope and pull -- he foot dig into the sand ; he go nowhere . the rope angle up behind he to the ship . he 's try to pull it , to no avail . he slump down . jack no wind . nearby be several smooth round stone . Jack pick one up and fling it , skip it across the sand . Jack sit down . look over . weirdly , the stone come roll back . the stone rock back and forth , a egg hatching . crack appear . the stone transform into a_crab . the crab turn toward Jack . click , like it 's laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) perfect . what would my torment be without unusual crab here to mock I . Jack grab a handful of sand and fling it . the crab flinch back . Jack collapse . the crab scuttle forward , look at Jack . scuttles sideways look at the ship . the crab move away to the pile of stone . Jack sit with he head lower to he knee , alone in the dune of the vast desert . white revision 7- 4-07 28 . 558 ext . davy jone ' locker - desert - later 558 Jack lay on he back in the sand . baking in the sun . a shadow move over he . Jack open he eye , blink . angle - above jack , the prow of the Black Pearl . move . Jack stand up , see -- the Black Pearl drift , float across the sand , carry on the back of a thousand chitter crab . jack interesting . 559 ext . davy jone ' locker - water - day 559 the Hai peng crew stumble out of the surf , bedraggle and * exhaust . pintel and ragetti still carry the ship plank they clinge to for safety . ragetti * I hate boat . * pintel * really ? so , no more waxing all poetic * " bout how you run away to sea and how you 's only truly happiest at sea -- ragetti * I still love the sea , it 's boat * that can not be trust . Gibbs take in the utter desolation . * gibb this be truly a god-forsaken place . elizabeth I do not see Jack . I do not see anyone . marty not a soul . barbossa he be here . davy Jones never once give up that what he 's take will ( at barbossa ) and do it matter ? we be trap here , by you do . no different than Jack . tia dalma witty Jack be closer than you think . all eye turn to tia dalma . a dozen crab appear , move * over the sand , scuttling sideways up onto she . 560 561 white revision 7-4-07 29 .* she balance they on she arm , coo to they like pet . behind she -- jack sparrow appear in the sky , at the bow of the Black Pearl , riding over the desert sand , toward the water , carry on the back of ten thousand chitter crab . gibb slap I thrice and hand I to my momma ! it 's Jack ! Elizabeth , Gibbs , and will see Jack and grin -- even barbossa have to smile . the ship splashes down -- ext . davy jone locker - shore - later Jack sloshes toward they , the Pearl behind he . Gibbs step forward , arm wide , a grin on he face -- jack ( sharp ) mister Gibbs . Gibbs snap to attention . gibb aye , Captain ! jack I think so . I expect you can account for you action ? gibb ( 0.s. ) ( lose ) Sir ? jack there have be a perpetual and virulent lack of discipline upon my vessel ! why ? why be that ? gibb Sir -- you be in davy Jones locker jack I know that . I know where I be and do not think I do not . barbossa Jack sparrow . Jack freeze at the voice , turn . Crew member step back to reveal : barbossa . Jack recognize barbossa . jack ah ... hector . it 's be too long . 560 * 561 white revision 7-4-07 30 .* barbossa ( 0.s. ) yes , Isle de muerta , remember ? you shot I ! jack I do not. ( see tia dalma ) ) tia dalma , out and about ! you add a agreeable sense of the macabre to any delirium . will he think we be a hallucination ? jack ah , William . tell I , have you come because you need my help to save a certain distress damsel ? I mean , damsel in distress ? ( weigh it briefly ) either one . will no . jack then you would not be here , so you can not be here , q.e.d , you be not really here . elizabeth Jack . Jack see she for the first time . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) this be real . we be here . Jack look at she steadily . fear , mistrust , recognition and realization . he turn away . Gibbs join he . jack the locker you say . gibb aye . Jack nod -- he get it now . elizabeth we have come to rescue you ! jack have you now ? that 's a good one . very kind of you . ( more ) * ee eh white revision 7-4-07 31 . jack ( cont 'd ) but it would seem as I possess a ship , and you do not , you be the one in need of rescue and I be not sure as I be in the mood . barbossa ( indicate the Pearl ) I see my ship , right there . Jack squint , search , bob up on he toe , lean side to side as if he can not find barbossa 's ship . jack can not spot it . must be a tiny little thing hide somewhere behind the Pearl . barbossa and Jack be about to go at it -- will step between . will Jack , listen . cutler beckett have the heart of davy Jones . he control the Flying dutchman . elizabeth he 's take over the seas . tia dalma the song have be sung . the Brethren Court be call . jack I leave you folk alone for just a minute , and look what happen . gibb aye , Jack . the world need you back something fierce . will and you need a crew . Jack look -- will , barbossa , pintel , Elizabeth and tia dalma be line up . he step back , go down the line -- jack why should I sail with any of you ? four of you have try to kill I in the past . ( he get to Elizabeth ) one of you succeed . will be startle . Jack notice . ( it 's news to all of they of course . ) white revision 7-4-07 32 . jack ( cont 'd ) she have not tell you ? then you will have lot to talk about while you be here . ( to tia dalma ) as for you -- tia dalma oh , do not tell I you do not enjoy it at the time . jack that 's fair . all right , you be in . ( to ragetti ) I do not need you . ( to Gibbs ) Gibbs , you get another chance . marty . cotton , all right . and cotton 's parrot , I 'ma little iffy , but all right , you be a team -- Jack come to tai huang . jack ( cont 'd ) and you be ? huang tai huang . this be my man . jack where do you allegiance lie ? huang with the high bidder jack I have a ship . tai huang that make you the high bidder . Jack , satisfied , gesture for they to get on board . jack weigh anchor ! all hand ! stand by to make way ! he pull out he compass . glance down : the needle hold steady . Jack smile , move he hand -- the needle do not move . no matter how he fiddle , the needle be freeze in place barbossa ( 0.s. ) ja-ack . Jack turn . barbossa hold up the ancient chart . white revision 7-4-07 33 . barbossa ( cont 'd ) which way you go , Jack ? 562 ext . black pearl - deck - day 562 barbossa call out order . Jack shadow he , and repeat the order a half - second behind , a little louder barbossa trim that sail ! slack windward brace and sheet ! haul that pennant line ! jack trim that sail ! slack windward brace and sheet ! haul that pennant line ! barbossa what be you do ? jack the Captain give order on a ship . barbossa the Captain be give order . jack my ship , that make I Captain . barbossa they be my chart ! pintel Stow it , the both of you , and that 's a order ! understand ? Jack and barbossa stare at pintel , too incredulous to respond . pintel put he hand up and back away -- pintel ( cont 'd ) sorry ! just , with the Captain issue in doubt and all , think I would throw my name in for consideration -- sorry . ragetti I would vote for you . Jack step up to the rail , and ceremoniously pull out a telescope , the way a Captain would do it . barbossa step up beside he . smirk ... pull out a much longer telescope . Jack stare at it , deflate . will step past they , search the deck for Elizabeth -- 563 564 565 white revision 7-4-07 34 . int . black pearl - below deck - day 563 will look , find Elizabeth , sit alone . will you leave Jack to the kraken . she look up . she 's be cry -- but she be relieved . elizabeth he 's rescue now . it 's do with . will do not agree . look away . she stand -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) will , I have no choice ! will you choose not to tell I . elizabeth I could not . it be not you burden to bear . he catch she arm , pull she around to face he . will but I do bear it . do not I ? I just do not know what it be . I think elizabeth you think I love he . she try to move past he . he block she way . she try to push he aside . he push she back , against the hull . will if you make you choice alone , how can I trust you ? she meet he gaze . elizabeth you can not . he look away from she . she duck beneath he arm and go . ext . black pearl - night 564 sail the darkness between world . int . black pearl - captain be cabin - night 565 the cabin be still rip to shred from the encounter with the Flying dutchman , the kraken . barbossa inspect the damage . 566 567 white revision 7-4-07 35 . barbossa I see you neglect to care for my ship . jack what , this ? just ventilate . clear out the stench of the previous owner you know . think of put in french door , actually . feel the cross breeze ? Gibbs stick he head in . gibb head , Captain ? on the word ' Captain ' both Jack and barbossa turn . jack two degree starboard -- barbossa I be Captain of the starboard side ! two degree starboard . the Captain will now take the helm . gibb ( salute twice ) aye , sirs. ext . black pearl - deck - night 566 Gibbs exit , follow by Jack and barbossa . each of they split to opposite stair , Jack to port , barbossa starboard . they come together at the wheel , with a nervous cotton in between . Jack adjust the wheel . barbossa adjust it back . on the stern deck , ragetti surreptitiously ready a fishing 567 pole . move to the railing , look down . drop the line -- in the water , a pale body hurry past , face up , eye close , hand cross over its chest . ragetti let out a cry , jump back . he edge back to the rail -- a stream of body flow past underwater . Old , young , man and woman , at different depth and move at different speed . pintel have join ragetti , watch over the side . pintel eerie . downright macabre . 568 white revision 7-4-07 36 . ragetti ( muse ) I wonder what would happen if you drop a cannonball on one of ‘em . they look at each other -- let 's find out ! pintel pick up a cannonball , turn -- tia dalma be there , fix they both with stern look . frightened , pintel drop the cannon ball . pintel be disrespectful , it would . tia dalma ( look out to sea ) they should be in the care of davy Jones . that be the duty he be charge with by the goddess calypso : to ferry that who die at sea to the other side . and every ten year , he could come ashore , to be with she who love he truly . but he have become a monster . ragetti he be not always all tentacle -y ? tia dalma no , he be a man , once . poor unfortunate soul ... now they must find they own way . ragetti nod , spot something ahead : a small boat , come toward they , light by a lantern 's glow . ragetti now it 's boat come . ext . black pearl - forward deck - night 568 will and Elizabeth join tia dalma at the rail . Far away other boat can be see , they own lantern light . Gibbs arrive at the rail , load a rifle , lift it to aim -- will stop he . will no . they be not a threat to we . be I right ? he look to tia dalma for confirmation . tia dalma we be but ghost to they . they heed we not . white revision 7-4-07 37 . barbossa best just let they be . Gibbs lower the rifle but keep it ready . the boat move past , a eerie , surreal sight . Elizabeth look at the nearest boat , peer closer . recognize the passenger elizabeth my father ! we have make it back ( to swann ) Father , here ! look here ! Jack put a consol hand on Elizabeth 's shoulder . jack Elizabeth . we be not back yet . he look she in the eye . Elizabeth stare at he -- and realization dawns . her next cry be one of anguish : elizabeth Father ! in the boat , weatherby swann glance over . his lantern light half he face , leave the rest in shadow . swann Elizabeth ! ( concern ) be you dead ? elizabeth no ... swann nod at that . Elizabeth have to move along the rail of the Pearl , toward the stern , to keep pace with he . swann I think I be . elizabeth no . you can not be . swann ( have trouble recalling ) there be a chest , you see ... how odd . at the time , it seem so important . elizabeth come abroad ! ( to the other ) ) someone -- cast a line ! ( to swann ) come back with we ! white revision 7-4-07 38 . crewmen prepare a line , too slowly for Elizabeth . she grab it from they , cast it out . it land neatly in swann 's boat but he make no move toward it . swann and a heart , and if you stab the heart ... you would have to sail forever . that 's how it work . stab the heart and take he place . the dutchman must have a Captain . silly thing to die for . will make note of that . Jack make note as well . glance at tia dalma . but tia dalma be focus only on will . she whisper , just loud enough for will to hear -- tia dalma a touch of destiny ... due to the action of the two vessel pass , the rope begin to slip toward the edge of the boat . elizabeth take the line ! swann ( suddenly ; this be important ) Elizabeth . she give he she full attention . swann ( cont 'd ) when I would reprimand you to obey rule , it be because I do not want you to ever be unhappy . but I should have recognize in you willfulness ... you courage . I be proud of you Elizabeth . the line be about to slip from swann 's boat . elizabeth the line ! catch the line ! the end of the fall into the water elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Father ! his boat be near the aft of the Pearl . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) come back with we ! please ! I will not let you go ! 569 570 white revision 7-4-07 39 . tia dalma she must not leave the ship ! Elizabeth climb the rail . will get there slightly ahead of Jack to haul she back . swann I will give you love to you mother , then , shall I ? Elizabeth stare after he . watch , helpless . Light of the boat 's lantern be swallow up by the darkness . Elizabeth turn toward will , into he arm . he confront she . but he eye drift toward tia dalma . will be there a way ? tia dalma ( shake she head ' no ' ) he be at peace . ext . davy jone locker - sunset 569 a orange sun hover over a dark horizon ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - sunset 570 no wind . no movement . the crew lay about the deck -- parched with thirst , no energy . pintel tilt a water barrel over he head , crack lip wait , wait -- nothing . pintel no water . why be all but the rum go ? Gibbs let a final drop fall from a bottle to he lip -- gibb rum 's go too . tia dalma and will be at the rail . Elizabeth sit alone withdraw . will watch she . tia dalma if we can not escape this doldrum before night , I fear we will sail on trackless seas , under starless sky , doom to roam the reach between world ... forever . gibb with no water , forever look to be arrive a mite soon . white revision 7-4-07 40 . ragetti , hand over he eye , chase the monkey past . Jack notice ragetti 's eye as it roll on top of the chart . will ( be : barbossa ) why do not he do something ? ( read ) " over the edge , back , over again , sunrise set , flash of green . " on jack : gaze at the chart , where roll ragetti 's eye . gibb ( 0.s. ) there 's no sense to it . sunrise do not set . will ( 0.s. ) and the green flash happen at sunset not sunrise . gibb ( 0.s. ) over the edge ... drive I bloody well over the edge . they fade into the background as Jack watch ragetti 's eye , roll back and forth , idly play with the ring of the chart . chinese character line up to read : up be down . jack up be down . that 's maddeningly unhelpful . why be this thing never clear ? 571 close on : Jack 's hair , a jungle of giant dreadlock , as a small jack-on - Jack 's - shoulder push through . jack left stab the heart . Jack jump , shocked and unsettle .. jack what ? a second small Jack be on Jack 's right shoulder . jack right do not stab the heart . jack come again ? jack right the dutchman must have a Captain . 571 white revision 7-4-07 41 . jack that 's even more than less than unhelpful . jack left sail the seas for eternity . jack I love the sea . jack left but what about port ? jack I prefer rum . rum 's good . jack left make port . jack right where we can get rum . and salty wench . once every ten year . jack left what do he say ? jack once every ten year . jack left ten year be a long time . jack even longer , give the deficit of rum . jack right and salty wench . jack left but eternity be longer still . jack right ( to Jack ) and how will you spend it ? Dead , or not ? jack left the immortal Captain Jack sparrow .. jack oooh I like that . jack right come sunset , it will not matter . 572 white revision 7-4-07 42 . on the map , as Jack notice : as the draw of the ship spin 572 upside down , ray of a sunset be create . and Jack know -- jack not sun - set . sun-down . and rise . up ! he stand . point . jack ( cont 'd ) over there ! what 's that ? I do not know ! what do you think ? gibb where ? Jack move over to the railing at port . everyone follow ... the ship tilt that way a little . Jack turn , suddenly race to the starboard side . jack there , it move ! suddenly . it 's very fast . everyone follow -- what be he up to ? the ship tilt that way some ; the eyeball roll . Elizabeth can not help but notice the activity . Jack suddenly seem to see something on back the port side -- jack ( cont 'd ) thar ! over thar he run to port . Elizabeth follow everyone else to the rail . the ship rock back . elizabeth what be it ? jack it 's not here ! he run across again , everyone follow , and the ship tilt more . barbossa approach the map -- see up be down , the upside down ship , the sunset . pick up the roll eye . a glare at ragetti -- and barbossa hand back the eye , go back to study the chart . pintel he 's rock the ship . gibb ( run past ) we be rock the ship ! 573 574 575 white revision 7-4-07 43. and , suddenly , barbossa get it : barbossa aye , he 's onto it . all hand together time it with the swell ! barbossa move to the hold -- int . black pearl - below deck - cargo hold - sunset barbossa loose the cannon ! unstow the cargo ! let it shift ! cargo be cut loose ; crate , bottle , barrel roll -- ext . black pearl - sunset cotton spin the wheel -- from above , the ship turn sideways to the swell . the ship tilt over . pintel suddenly figure it out -- pintel he 's rock the ship ! ragetti already have a rope ready . ragetti we tie each other to the mast , upside down , so we will be right side up when the boat flip ! pintel think about it . thinks about it . thinks about it -- will get to the rail as the ship tilt near horizontal , look out . the sun sink into the sea , a small orange flame leave -- the Black Pearl tilt the other way -- jack and now up , be down ! the Black Pearl rock completely over into the water . wave fill the sail and cause the ship to continue to roll -- camera move around the rolling ship , past the surface -- underwater , chain , cannon , small object fall down toward the depth . Jack , will , Elizabeth , barbossa hold on . Gibbs lose he grip , float past -- marty grab he . pintel and ragetti , tie to the mast , look at each other , hold they breath , cheek bulg . underwater , the chart float past -- will grab they -- -- camera spin , so the black pearl be right side up -- 573 574 575 576 577 white revision 7-4-07 44 . on the horizon , the flash of GREEN shoot up ! 576 and suddenly -- thwump ! ext . black pearl - sunrise 577 all of the water fall with a giant splash . the object fall , people fall , the parrot fall , slamming onto the deck . the water wash away , and the Black Pearl bob on the sea . Gibbs still hold he breath , unsure , turn red ... finally have to let it out . take a deep breath -- gibb bless sweet westerly ! we be back he wet he finger , lift it . Jack open he fist , force himself to look -- no black spot . pintel and ragetti hang upside down , tie to the mast . pintel this be you idea , and the fact that I go along do not make you any less stupid . ragetti well it do not make you no more smart , neither . pintel yes it do , my lack of instigate stupid idea make I smarter by omission . next to pintel 's head , cotton 's parrot shake off water and ruffle its feather . Elizabeth gaze at the horizon . elizabeth it 's a sunrise . will look out and see the sun rise above the water . a brief moment of celebration as everyone grin at each other -- then everybody instantly draw they pistol at once , and point they at each other -- will at barbossa . barbossa at jack. Gibbs at barbossa . Elizabeth at Jack . Jack at will , draw a second pistol , at barbossa . barbossa draw a second pistol , at Gibbs . Elizabeth pick up a second pistol , point it at barbossa . white revision 7- 4-07 45 . it 's a moment everyone have be prepare for . a beat -- and then everybody laugh . they can not help but grin , lower they pistol . suddenly the laughter stop and the pistol be raise again . pintel and ragetti work to get free . pintel get untied , we need we pistol ! hurry ! ragetti who would we point at ? barbossa all right , then . the Brethren Court be a-gather at shipwreck cove . Jack , you and I be go there , and there 's no argue the point . jack I be argue the point . if there 's pirate a-gather , I be a-point my ship the other a-way . elizabeth the pirate be gather to fight beckett . and you be a pirate . she swing she second pistol toward Jack . Jack stop aim at will , aim at she . will aim at Jack , draw a second pistol to cover barbossa . will fight or not , you be not run . barbossa if we do not stand together , they will hunt we down , one by one , ' till there 's none leave but you . jack then I 'il be the last pirate . at least then there will be only one of I . barbossa aye , and you will be fight Jones alone . how do that figure into you plan ? jack still work on it . but I be not go back to the locker , barbossa . Count on that . 578 579 white revision 7-4-07 46 . Jack fire he pistol -- ' click . ' barbossa and will and Elizabeth fire -- more ' click . ' pintel and ragetti arrive with they pistol as the other check they own . gibb wet powder . will we have other issue to deal with . we can get back to shoot each other later . they move away . pintel and ragetti test they own pistol -- click . pintel wait . we can still use them as club ! he demonstrate , use the pistol to hammer the air . ragetti do the same -- but actually hit pintel . ragetti sorry. ( regards pistol - club ) effective , though . ext . black pearl 578 close on : the chart will indicate on the chart to Jack and barbossa . will there 's a fresh water spring on this island , where we can resupply . jack you lead the shore party . I will stay with the ship . barbossa I will not be leave my ship in you command . will and he will not be leave he ship in you command , and here 's a a idea . you both go , and leave the ship in my command . ( off they look ) temporarily . promise . at the rail 579 barbossa step up , pull out he telescope . Jack arrive next to he . 580 white revision 7-4-07 47 . barbossa a uneasy alliance ? barbossa open he scope , look through . jack a unholy one . Jack open he own telescope , until it be long as barbossa 's . then open it further , until it be much longer . it droops at the end . barbossa look at he . he smile . barbossa snap he telescope close . ext . black sand beach - day 580 pintel and ragetti crawl out of the surf as the other boat land . Jack and barbossa step onto the sand , spot something . the rest of the pirate see it , too . pintel criminey ! Jack and barbossa walk toward it . pintel and ragetti hustle past they toward -- the kraken . it lie dead on the shore . pintel find a driftwood stick , poke it . ragetti careful ! pintel ahh , not so tough now , be you ? stupid fish ! serve you right ! Jack approach the kraken almost reverently . ragetti hello ! I bet folk would pay a shilling to see this ! and a second shilling for a sketch of them sit atop ! pintel kraken slayer ! we could carve mini'ture kraken out of coconut and sell that , too ! we could give ' ema slice as a souvenir . ragetti or fry ! for lunch . pintel I wonder which of the part be edible ? Jack stare into the huge eye of the beast , he image reflect back . barbossa appear behind he . 581 582 white revision 7-4-07 48 . barbossa still think of run , Jack ? think you can outrun the world ? the problem of be the last of anything : by and by , there be none leave at all . jack sometimes thing come back . we be live proof , mate . barbossa aye , but that 's a gamble with long odd , be not it ? there 's no guarantee of come back . but pass on -- that 's dead certain . Jack contemplate that one . barbossa regards the beast . barbossa ( cont 'd ) the world use to be a bigger place . jack it 's still the same size . there 's just less in it . ( reluctant ) summon the Brethren Court , be it ? barbossa we only hope . jack that 's sad commentary , in and of itself . int . black sand beach - well - day 581 marty stoops to drink -- jump back with a shout . a body lie dead in the water , face down . barbossa sample a handful of water , spit it out . barbossa poison . foul by the body . the body be turn over -- steng , the betrayer in Singapore . the wooden fid have be drive through he eye . pintel hey , I know he ! there 's a shout from outside -- ext . black sand beach - day 582 they rush outside . ragetti yell something , but word be lose . he point -- 583 white revision 7-4-07 49 . out past the reef float the Black Pearl -- and next to it , a chinese fight ship , the empress . Jack and barbossa stare . there be a loud click ! they eye go sideways to find -- tai huang hold a pistol on they , back by he man . jack ( point ) he 's the Captain . ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - later 583 the landing party climb on deck . chinese pirate -- too many to fight -- have take over the Pearl . they have stripped the crew of they weapon , shackle they together Elizabeth be hold by two guard . one of they rub a swell eye , the other have a bloody lip . Jack and barbossa spot Sao Feng at the same time . Jack recognize he , and try to be inconspicuous behind barbossa . barbossa Sao Feng . you show up here , 'tis truly a remarkable coincidence . sao feng fortune smile upon that prepare to meet its gaze . ( move toward Jack ) Jack sparrow . you pay I great insult , once . he slug Jack in the jaw . Jack stagger , he knee buckle -- but he keep he foot . hold up a hand to Sao Feng to wait , search for he hat . find , set it back on he head . jack so now we can call it square . sao feng hardly . will stride up -- he spot Elizabeth in chain -- will she 's not part of the bargain . release she . barbossa and what bargain be that ? white revision 7-4-07 50 . sao feng ( to he man ) you hear Captain Turner . release she . jack Captain Turner ? gibb aye , the perfidious rotter leda mutiny against we . jack it 's always the quiet one . Elizabeth , unchain now , eye will warily . elizabeth why do not you tell I you be plan this ? will it be my burden to bear . barbossa the only way a pirate can make a profit , this day , be by betray other pirate . sao feng I can live with that ... as long as I be not the other pirate . jack but you have no acrimony toward mutineer ? sao feng he do not mutiny against I , do he ? will I need the Pearl . that 's the only reason I come on this voyage . jack he need the Pearl -- ( to Elizabeth ) -- and you feel guilty -- ( to barbossa ) -- and you and you Brethren Court . do not anyone come to save I just because they miss I ? Gibbs , marty and cotton raise they hand -- pintel and ragetti see , and follow they lead . 584 white revision 7-4-07 51 . jack ( cont 'd ) ( point ) I be stand over there with they . Sao Feng grab he arm . sao feng I be sorry , Jack , but there 's a old friend who want to see you first . jack I be not certain I can survive any more visit from old friend . sao feng here be we chance to find out . he nod he head toward a spot over Jack 's shoulder -- rounding the island be the endeavour . Jack be yank roughly away by Sao Feng 's man . int . endeavour - captain be cabin - day 584 Jack have be escort into the room . beckett signal he guard to leave without turn . he stand at the window , peer out at the Black Pearl . Jack 's effect be on the table -- include the compass . so be a decanter and two glass of sherry . Jack search the room surreptitiously under the follow : beckett remarkable . the last I see of that ship , she be on fire , a blacken hulk sink beneath the wave . jack thank you for that memory . beckett we have a deal . I contract you to deliver cargo on my behalf . you choose to liberate it . Jack glance toward he right wrist . jack people be not cargo , mate . beckett and you incur a heavy debt to raise she back up , do not you ? it 's not here , Jack . white revision 7-4-07 52 . he turn . Jack assume a air of question innocence . jack what be not ? beckett the heart of davy Jones . be safely aboard the Flying dutchman , and so unavailable for use as leverage to satisfy you debt to the good captain . Jack clock that . jack by my reckoning , that account 's be settle . beckett by you death . and , yet , here you be . jack Close you eye and pretend it 's all a bad dream . that 's how I get by . beckett 's control lapse momentarily ; he say something he 's want to say for a long time . beckett you good deed cost I much , Jack ! jack and you spare I any possibility of end up as anything other than what I be . and for that , I thank you . he pick up a couple of the model ship from the table , pretend to " sail " they . jack ( cont 'd ) will someone be in soon to draw you a bath ? beckett take they from Jack , put they back in they place . beckett it would be nice if all of we could be on holiday year ' round , but someone must ensure that the world turn properly . ( look over he " world " ) people be what they love , Jack , and what they love be cargo . ( more ) white revision 7-4-07 53 . beckett ( cont 'd ) they love spice , and linen , silk plantain ... and as long as it arrive on time and in sufficient supply , they be content to be nothing more than figure in a ledger . you be a smart man ; you know I be right . jack if you be offer I a seat on the board , I be neither deprave enough nor drunk enough to accept . beckett hand one of the glass of sherry to Jack , who 's a bit surprised . beckett toast he . beckett then perhaps you will consider a different arrangement . one that require nothing from you but information . Jack have spot the piece of eight on beckett 's desk . jack regard the Brethren Court , no doubt . in exchange for fair compensation ? Square my debt with Jones , guarantee my freedom ? beckett of course . it 's just good business . jack be I in a divulgatory mood , what might I divulge ? beckett everything . where be they meeting ? who be the pirate lord ? what be the purpose of the nine piece of eight ? jack I think I would prefer to maintain my monopoly on that answer . it 's just good business . beckett you have not change . enjoy the gallow . jack I have be . once you have take in the view , there 's not much else to it . ( more ) 585 white revision 7-4-07 54 . jack ( cont 'd ) now , far be it for I to give advice to you , but if I be I and you be you and we each have the same lack of trust in the other , imagine you be I . you would propose that rather than you tell I where the Brethren Court be meeting , you lead I there instead , whereupon you could serve up to I the pirate lord , the nine piece of eight , and the whole of the Brethren Court on a silver platter . and you be I , I would likely accept such a offer . beckett on a silver platter ? jack with a frilly linen napkin and a spicy banana on the side . ext . black pearl - deck - day 585 Sao Feng 's man guard barbossa , will , Elizabeth and the rest of barbossa 's crew . they all wear shackle . mercer and a crew of sailor fan out on the ship . the sailor begin preparation to sail . one try to take the wheel from huang . Sao Feng and will intercept mercer sao feng my man be crew enough . mercer company ship , company crew . will ( to Sao Feng ) you agree , the Black Pearl be to be mine . sao feng and so it be . Sao Feng gesture . one of he man punch will from behind in the kidney , knock the wind of out of he . two other shackle he arm . will be haul away . Sao Feng turn to mercer . sao feng ( cont 'd ) beckett agree , the Black Pearl be to be mine . white revision 7-4-07 55 . mercer and so it be . ( smile ) Lord beckett would not give up the one ship as might prove a match for the dutchman , would he ? Sao Feng look around . the sailor outnumber he man , and all be armed , watch for trouble . Sao Feng nod sharply to he man at the wheel -- he step aside for the sailor mercer give Sao Feng a half - salute and amble away . barbossa sidle up next to Sao Feng . barbossa shame they be not bound to honor the code of the Brethren . be not it ? of course , honor 's a hard thing to come by , nowadays . sao feng there be no honor to remain with the lose side . leave it for the win side ... that 's just good business . barbossa the lose side , say you . sao feng they have the dutchman . and what do the Brethren have ? he see Sao Feng be consider he word . he lean close . barbossa we have ... calypso . soa Feng be surprised ; unbidden , he eye cut toward Elizabeth -- barbossa clock it -- then Sao Feng adopt a skeptical mein . sao feng calypso . a old legend . barbossa no , the goddess herself , bound in human form ... fury or favor , you not be know ... but when the mood strike she , and its she favor she bestow upon a lucky sailor ... well , you have hear : legendary . barbossa and Sao Feng exchange know smirk . white revision 7-4-07 56 . barbossa ( cont 'd ) there be a time when the seas be untamed , the world a rougher place , and a sailor make he own fate . ( beat ) I aim to bring it back . and for that , I need the Brethren Court . barbossa tap the knot pendant Sao Feng wear . barbossa ( cont 'd ) all the court . sao feng what be you propose ? barbossa what be you accept ? sao feng the girl . elizabeth what ? will we give you Elizabeth in exchange for help we escape ? Sao Feng nod -- it seem a reasonable price to he . barbossa no. no . out of the question . sao feng it be not a question . Elizabeth have be think it through . elizabeth done . will what ? ( to Sao Feng ) not do . elizabeth you have put we in this strait . if this frees we , then ... ( again , to Sao Feng ) done . will no. white revision 7-4-07 57 . elizabeth my choice . my choice alone . will Elizabeth , they be pirate . elizabeth I have have more than enough experience deal with pirate . she say it pointedly , imply she 's have more than enough of deal with one pirate in particular : he . sao feng I be pleased -- he reach out to take she arm , but she yank it out of he grasp , hold up a warning finger : ah-ah sao feng ( cont 'd ) my apology . I know I must earn you favor . Elizabeth be a bit surprised by he respect , but she 's willing to take it . elizabeth that 's right . you do . barbossa then we have a accord ? sao feng agreed . they shake . gibb now if we only have a plan . 586 int . endeavour - captain be cabin - day 586 jack you can keep barbossa . the belligerent homunculus and he friend with the wooden eye , both . and Turner . especially Turner . if he be twin you could have all three of ‘em . beckett note that , suspicion behind he eye . beckett and what become of miss swann ? jack what interest be she to you ? white revision 7-4-07 58 . beckett give Jack a know smile . jack ( cont 'd ) the rest go with I aboard the Pearl , and I will lead you to shipwreck cove . a fair deal , do not you think ? Jack extend he hand . beckett smile at it . beckett Jack , I just recall : I have this wonderful compass that point to whatever I want . so for what do I need you ? jack point to the thing you want most and that 's not the Brethren Court be it ? beckett no ? then what be , Jack ? jack me. ( long beat ) Dead . he gesture to the compass : try it . beckett open the compass . from he reaction , it point to Jack . Jack scuttle sideways . from beckett 's reaction , the needle follow he . beckett damn . he fling the compass to Jack . then realize : beckett ( cont 'd ) although , it occur : if I get what I want most , then would not what I want second most become the thing I want most ? if I kill you , I can find ... shipwreck cove , be it ? on my own . cut out the middleman , as it be ... literally . jack with I kill , then you will arrive at the cove , find it 's a stronghold , nigh impregnable , able to withstand blockade for year , and you will be wishing , oh , if only there be someone who you have not kill inside to ensure that the pirate come outside . 587 588 589 white revision 7-4-07 59 . beckett and you can accomplish this ? jack you may kill I , but you may never insult I . who be I ? ( beat ) I be Captain Jack sparrow , mate . do we have a accord ? he nod , indicate he still - extend hand . beckett hesitates -- the ship be rocked by cannon FIRE . beckett fall forward . Jack grab he hand , shake it -- jack ( cont 'd ) done ! -- scoops up he effect and head for the door ext . endeavour - MAIN deck - day 587 Jack appear on deck , beckett trail . body be litter , the aftermath of fight . beckett look out -- the Empress sail off , already distant . cannon FIRE and gunshot from the Black Pearl -- on the black pearl , the last of beckett 's man be cut down . mercer 588 be drive back , somersault off the stern -- -- splashes into the water . on the endeavour - Jack stare at the Pearl . search for a way 589 across . he shove a gunner away from a cannon , kick away the brace , flip the cannon over , face into the ship . beckett turn , look -- Jack wrap a rope around the cannon wheel , a burn fuse lighter in hand . beckett you be mad . jack oh thank goodness . because if I be in fact not live some wretch fever dream , I doubt this will work . Jack light the cannon -- beckett dive out of the way as it fire -- the ball hit the mast behind he , crack it . the recoil shove the cannon violently back ; it smashes through the rail -- and plummet -- Jack hang on as the rope pull he upwards and out , fly across -- 590 591 592 593 white revision 7-4-07 60 . ext . black pearl - deck - day 590 barbossa follow 's Jack 's trajectory . wince at a series of horrible crashing sound . pushes forward , see : a rip sail . splinter barrel . tangled rope . spill tar and scattered gunpowder . the aftermath of what have to be a terrible landing . pan up to reveal : Jack sparrow , stand on the aft railing , unhurt , ina relaxed pose . he smile . jack tell I you do not miss I . barbossa turn away in disgust . Jack hop down , come face - to-face with will . jack ( cont 'd ) send this piss -yellow traitor to the brig . will be drag away -- on the endeavour , officer grove step up to beckett . 591 grove which ship do we follow ? beckett signal the dutchman . we follow the Pearl -- how soon can we have the ship ready to pursue ? behind they , the break mast crack and fall , the sail plummete . grove stare off at the Pearl in open admiration . grove do you think he plan it all out , or just make it up as he go along ? ext . caribbean sea - evening 592 a spectacular storm front on the horizon . the chinese junk empress sail to avoid it -- int . empress - captain be cabin - night 593 hanging silk and pillow , light by candlelight , attend by three chinese maiden . Elizabeth turn as Sao Feng enter . he stare in open admiration . she be stun in a traditional chinese gown . final adjustment be make by the maiden . he recite a verse of the poem to Zhang 's Dancing : white revision 7-4-07 61 . sao feng Young willow shoot . touch , brush , the water . of the garden pool . Sao Feng dismiss the maiden . he offer she wine . elizabeth I admit , this be not how I expect to be treat . sao feng no other treatment would be worthy of you ... calypso . Elizabeth freeze with the glass at she lip . elizabeth Excuse I ? sao feng not the name you fancy , I imagine , out of the many that you have ... but it be what we call you . elizabeth we be who ? sao feng whom . elizabeth who . Sao Feng consider it , shrug . sao feng we of the Brethren Court and we predecessor , who conceal you in this form . you forgiveness . I lie . who imprison you -- oh . " who . " you be right . elizabeth goddess . sao feng you confirm it ? elizabeth confirm what ? you have tell I nothing . sao feng the Brethren Court -- not I , the first Brethren Court , who ... whom ( more ) white revision 7-4-07 62 . sao feng ( cont 'd ) . whose decision I would have oppose ... they bound you in human form , so that rule of the seas would belong to man , and not elizabeth me. sao feng but one such as you should never be anything less than what you be . elizabeth pretty speech from a captor . but word whisper through prison bar lose they charm . sao feng can I be blame for my effort ? all man be draw to the sea . perilous though it may be . elizabeth some man offer desire as justification for they crime . sao feng I offer simply my desire . elizabeth a item of such small value . and in return ? sao feng I would have you gift , should you choose to give they . elizabeth and if I choose not ? sao feng then I will take you fury . he lean in -- kiss she . she push he back in the distance , there be a muffle distant explosion -- income projectile -- a sudden crash . outside , there be shout and scream , cannon fire and pistol shot . Elizabeth duck down as lead ball slam into the hull -- Elizabeth glance through the porthole -- smoke and flash of explosion , she only make out the ship be under attack a second cannon ball hit blast through the hull . 594 white revision 7-4-07 63. Sao Feng lie on the deck , bloody , a long sharp shard of wood bury in he chest . elizabeth Sao Feng ? sao feng here . please . Sao Feng remove the rope knot pendant he wear . sao feng ( cont 'd ) the Captain 's knot . take it . ( she hesitates ) so you will be free ! take it ! I must pass it on to the next Brethren Lord . elizabeth I ? sao feng go in my place to shipwreck cove . she take the pendant . tai huang burst through the door sound of fight follow he into the cabin -- tai huang Captain ! the ship be take ! we cannot -- he pull up short , take in the scene . Sao Feng , mortally wounded , bleed , whisper something low to Elizabeth , who listen intently . sao feng calypso ... he die in Elizabeth 's arm . tai huang what do he tell you ? she hold up the pendant , now hang around she neck elizabeth he make I Captain . ext . empress - MAIN deck - night 594 Elizabeth step onto the deck -- litter with body , cannon smoke hang in the air . sail rip to shred . moan from injure sailor . huang follow behind she . -- the Flying dutchman , with its contingent of encrust crewmen . Elizabeth watch as they continue to swarm onto the ship , round up terrify sailor . smoke on deck part -- white revision 7-4-07 64 . and there be commodore norrington , stride forward , surveying the damage . he lift he eye -- and see Elizabeth . elizabeth James ? norrington Elizabeth ! he embrace she . she endure it . norrington ( cont 'd ) I hear you be dead ! elizabeth and I mourn you . he self - consciously straighten he uniform jacket . norrington you father will be overjoy to know you be well . elizabeth my father be dead . norrington no , he 's not . he return to England . elizabeth Lord beckett tell you that ? norrington pale davy Jones step past they , question a line up of sailor . davy jone who among you do you name as Captain ? huang point quickly at Elizabeth -- huang Captain ! her ! other sailor quickly chime in , point . norrington look at Elizabeth , surprised . norrington tow the ship . take the sailor to the brig . davy jone you hear the Admiral ! 595 white revision 7-4-07 65 . norrington the Captain may have my quarter . elizabeth no thank you , sir . I prefer to remain with my crew . she move to follow she crew , be lead away . norrington Elizabeth , I swear -- I do not know . elizabeth know what ? which side you choose ? now you do . int . flying dutchman - brig - night 595 Crew member of the Empress be lock in various cell . jimmy legs close the bar on Elizabeth , alone . a think hit she -- she ask tentatively : elizabeth bootstrap ? Jimmy leg just laugh , and move away . he pass clacker who mop the deck . Elizabeth call to he , softly : elizabeth ( cont 'd ) bootstrap ? Bill Turner ? clacker grunt and turn he back . Elizabeth give up , slump down in the cell . next to she , eye in the ship 's hull OPEN . bootstrap you know my name . Elizabeth jump . look . she be not alone . bootstrap bill be there . a barely human form , seemingly part of the ship . elizabeth I know you son . will Turner . bootstrap William ! he 's all right ? ( she nod ) he make it ! he 's alive . hah ! and now he 's send you to tell I that he 's come to get I . he promise . God 's wound , he 's on he way ! elizabeth yes . will be alive , and -- he want to help you . white revision 7-4-07 66 . there be hope in he eye -- then a think suddenly hit . hope vanish . despair cloud he feature . bootstrap no . he can not come . he will not come . elizabeth I do not know how , but he will try , I be sure . you be ... he father bootstrap look slyly at she bootstrap I know you . he speak of you . Elizabeth . elizabeth yes . bootstrap he can not save I . he will not . because of you . elizabeth I ? bootstrap you be Elizabeth . bootstrap fall silent . Elizabeth wait , then prompt he . elizabeth yes . I be Elizabeth . bootstrap if Jones be slain ... he who slay he take he place . Captain . forever every man before the mast know that , Elizabeth ! the dutchman must have a Captain . Elizabeth put it together . elizabeth I see -- bootstrap if he save I ... he lose you . elizabeth yes . bootstrap he will not pick I . I would not pick I . the dutchman must have a Captain . 596 597 white revision 7-4-07 67 . elizabeth you say that . bootstrap nod , slowly fade back into the ship . bootstrap tell he -- do not come ! tell he -- stay away ! can you tell he ? it 's too late . I be part of the ship . the crew . bootstrap 's eye close , he become utterly still . Elizabeth reach out a hand to comfort he . suddenly he eye open . bootstrap ( cont 'd ) you know my name . ( Elizabeth frown ) you know my name ! elizabeth yes . I know you son . bootstrap William ! he 's alive ? bootstrap stare , wait for the answer . Elizabeth nod . bootstrap ( cont 'd ) he will come for I . he promise . you will see . bootstrap fade back into the hull . Elizabeth regards he with horror ... and pity . ext . endeavour - command deck - day 596 Lieutenant greitzer scan the horizon with a spyglass . beckett look the opposite direction , out to sea . on the horizon , a blur of movement . the faint , raucous cry of bird can be hear . beckett be thoughtful . beckett Glass . through the spyglass , a spin tower of seagull rise over some float object -- ext . caribbean sea - day 597 gull circle , fill the sky . they cry much louder . in the water , a dead body . bloat and pale . it be one of beckett 's man , kill in the Black Pearl 's escape , lash to two barrel . a seagull peck at the man 's ear , fly away with the prize , pursue by other -- 598 599 white revision 7-4-07 68 . ext . endeavour - command deck - day 598 the body be haul onto the deck . beckett remove a rum bottle -- with a note inside . he fish the paper out , unroll it -- on it be the symbol of the East India Trading company . greitzer spot something . greitzer sir. beckett look up . on the edge of the horizon , faint and nearly out of sight -- another whirling tower of seagull . beckett like bread crumb . ghastly . ( be : the note ) and we be mean to follow . greitzer a betrayer among they ? or a trap ? beckett a gambit . by a skilled opponent . ( smile ) adjust course , Lieutenant . greitzer be surprised , but nod . beckett ( cont 'd ) we can only hope to reach we destination ... before they run out of body . ext . black pearl - forecastle - night 599 will tie a body to a barrel . he 's work almost automatically . he use he knife to cut a rope -- pause . gaze at it . the anguish be apparent . jack ( 0.s. ) you escape the brig even quick than I expect . will whirl , ready for attacker -- Jack lounge on the rail above the forecastle . how long have he be there ? jack ( cont 'd ) hold on , William . do you notice anything ? or , rather , do you not notice anything ? or , rather , do you notice something that be not there to be notice ? white revision 7-4-07 69 . will you have not raise a alarm . jack that 's odd , be not it ? he drop down to the forecastle , look over will 's handiwork jack ( cont 'd ) but not so odd as this . you come up with this all on you lonesome ? will I say to myself , think like Jack . jack and this be what you arrive at ? lead beckett to shipwreck cove so as to win he trust and accomplish you own end ? it 's like you do not know I at all . will think like Jack , but do what 's right . jack and how do you dearly beloved feel about you plan ? will return to he work without answer . jack ( cont 'd ) ah . you have not see fit to trust she with it . will I be lose she , Jack . every step I make for my father ... be a step away from Elizabeth . jack if you choose to lock you heart away , you will lose she for certain . but if I might offer a exceedingly simple solution : do not save you father . will I have to . I can not turn my back on he . jack " can not " be a matter of fact . ( more ) white revision 7-4-07 70 . jack ( cont 'd ) you can if you want , but you will not -- and that make it a choice . will consider he word , unable to disagree . jack ( cont 'd ) that 's what life be , boyo : choice . out of all the thing you can do , what will you do ? will be now at a loss ... slump . just where Jack want he : jack ( cont 'd ) if I might lend a machete to you intellectual thicket : avoid the choice altogether . Change the fact . let someone else dispatch Jones . will who ? ( Jack indicate : " I " ) you ? jack death have a way of reshuffling one 's priority . I slip aboard the dutchman , I find the heart and stab the beat thing . you father go free from he debt , and you be free to be with you charming murderess . will and you bind yourself to the dutchman -- forever . jack no , I be free forever . free to sail the seas , beyond the edge of he map , free from death itself . Crew aboard the dutchman be one thing but Captain ? sign I up . will you have to do the job . you have to ferry soul to the next world or end up just like Jones . Jack consider what that might be like , puppeteer he beard braid like tentacles . shudder . jack I do not have the face for tentacles . ( more ) 600 601 602 white revision 7-4-07 71 . jack ( cont 'd ) then I will take on the obligation and not quite be completely free ... but immortal have to count for something . now , here . he hand will he compass . will what 's this for ? jack think like I . it will come to you . will puzzle -- then realize exactly what Jack be go to do just a half - a-second too late -- and Jack shove he over the side . ext . caribbean sea - night 600 will hit the water . he surface . the barrel ( with body ) splashes down beside he , narrowly miss he . will haul himself atop . jack ( lean out ) give my regards to davy Jones ! he smile broadly , wave , disappear . will I hate he . ext . caribbean sea - night 601 amid calm seas , the Empress be tow by the dutchman . other ship in the group be dark outline against the sky . ext . flying dutchman - brig - night 602 Elizabeth 's eye open at the sound of she jail door open . norrington be there . norrington be quiet . this way . hurry . Sao Feng 's crew member look to Elizabeth . she nod , and they move past . elizabeth what be you do ? norrington choose a side . 603 white revision 7-4-07 72 . she follow he . the cell door hang open . bootstrap Bill appear , stare at the open . he push it open further ... shuffles through . ext . flying dutchman - stern balcony - night 603 norrington lead Elizabeth and she crew to the tow rope . like rat on a line , crew member crawl across to the Empress . norrington one at a time . quickly now . ( to Elizabeth ) do not go to shipwreck cove . beckett know of the meeting of the Brethren . I fear there be a traitor among they . elizabeth it be too late to earn my forgiveness . norrington I do not ask it . I have nothing to do with you father 's death . but that do not absolve I of my other sin . Elizabeth look at he -- and finally believe he . elizabeth come with we . norrington want to come . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) James . come with I . norrington really want to . nearly all of the chinese crew member be across . Elizabeth implore he . then there be a sound from the deck -- a figure shuffles toward they . bootstrap ( 0.s. ) who go there ? the moment be break . a linger look -- and then norrington draw he sword , turn . Elizabeth stand beside he . norrington go ! I will follow . elizabeth you be lie . norrington we destiny have be entwine Elizabeth . but never join . norrington give in -- and kiss she . he break the kiss -- white revision 7- 4-07 73 . norrington ( cont 'd ) go ! now ! he shove she away . turn . the figure grab a pike for a weapon . step out of the dark . it be bootstrap Bill . norrington ( cont 'd ) back to you station , sailor . Elizabeth , upside down , crawl along the line . bootstrap see she . something be not right . not quite sure what . bootstrap no one leave the ship . norrington stand down . that 's a order bootstrap part of the crew . part of the ship . bootstrap stare , like he 's try to figure it all out . norrington steady , man . something snap in bootstrap . bootstrap all hand ! all hand ! prisoner escape , all hand ! norrington race toward bootstrap . norrington belay that ! bootstrap shut up . too late . the SOUND of run footstep approach . crewmen appear -- Elizabeth , hang upside down , be halfway across . she see he be in trouble . elizabeth James ! she start back toward he -- norrington draw he pistol , aim upwards , fire -- -- hit the tow line , sever half the strand . the other strand quickly strain and SNAP -- Elizabeth swing down and away , splashes into the water , as the empress drift free . she hang on , pull hand over hand -- 604 white revision 7-4-07 74 . norrington spin back -- and be run through , stab by bootstrap Bill . norrington cry out in pain -- near the empress , Elizabeth grab a rope , dangle near the hull . as the two ship part , as she disappear into darkness she look back in time to see -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) no ! jame ! -- norrington collapse to the deck . bootstrap stand over he ... do not understand what he have do . crewmen appear , crowd the deck , stare . clacker the Admiral 's dead . the Admiral 's dead ! the phrase echoe through the crewmen . davy Jones appear -- clacker ( cont 'd ) to the Captain 's cabin ! aye ! crewmen race away , past Jones , past bootstrap , knock he back . bootstrap still do not understand . Jones lean down . jone James norrington ... do you fear death ? do you fear judgment on the other side ? norrington suddenly lurch upwards , thrust he sword into Jones ' shoulder . Jones frown , unaffected , unhurt . norrington stare ... then collapse , dead . jone ( cont 'd ) I take that as a -- ' no . ' Jones pull norrington 's sword out of he shoulder . regards the blade with genuine appreciation jone ( cont 'd ) Nice sword . he slashes it through the air -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - night 604 crewmen rush pell - mell along the deck amid shout of ' the Admiral 's dead !' 'to the Captain 's cabin ! ' they rush the door and burst in -- 605 606 607 white revision 7-4-07 75 . int . flying dutchman - captain be cabin - night 605 Pirates crowd in and before they be a tableau : the chest be open . murtogg and mullroy , tremble , and several other soldier have they rifle point directly at the heart . and behind they stand -- mercer . next to he be a small cannon . the Pirates pull up short . they part as davy Jones enter . Jones be scared . jone Close it . close it . Jones nod . mercer close the chest , lock it with a key on a chain . he tilt the cannon into place -- point squarely at the chest . mercer nothing have change . Jones watch as mercer put the chain around he neck . ext . black pearl - deck - day 606 Jack and Gibbs on the aft deck . cotton at the wheel . gibb look alive and keep a careful eye ! not for nothing it 's call shipwreck Island , where lie shipwreck cove and shipwreck City ! jack you know , for all that pirate be clever clog capable of the most underhanded and duplicitous think ... we be a unimaginative lot when it come to name thing . gibb aye . on the forward deck , tia dalma find barbossa . 607 tia dalma barbossa , why you not give the order to man the gun ? all the Brethren be gather in this place . you can force they do as you want ! barbossa what I want be not to act the fool , and what you be suggest be nought but fool 's folly . tia dalma caress barbossa 's cheek seductively . white revision 7-4-07 76 . tia dalma if you no longer want my favor , barbossa , then perhaps I should be call a different captain to my cause . witty Jack would not turn down the promise to survive the come storm , I think . barbossa I do not renege on a bargain once strike , but we agree to end only ; the mean be mine to decide . tia dalma catch he wrist . she squeeze , and he forearm and hand become decaye , skeletal -- dead . tia dalma caution , barbossa . do not forget it be by my power you be return from the dead ... or what it mean if you fail I . she move away , but he catch she arm and pull she close . barbossa and do not you forget why you have to bring I back , and why I could not leave Jack to he well - deserve fate , and why I could not give Sao Feng a second smile in he throat to match that ineffably smug one he wear on he face . it take nine pirate lord to bind you , calypso -- and it take no less than nine to set you free . ' til then , I will not be take command from you , nor risk you reach accord with someone else ! Mr. pintel ! Mr. ragetti ! take this ... fishwife to the brig ! pintel and ragetti hurry to comply . pintel right this way , missus Fish . 608 on the aft deck , the exchange have not escape Jack . 608 jack step out , Mr. cotton . ( he take the wheel ) there 's some dangerous cross tide ahead that will prove a trick to navigate . 609 610 611 612 613 white revision 7-4-07 77 . ext . shipwreck island - dusk the Black Pearl sail straight at the cliff , as if it will run aground . but reveal amid the rock be a huge sea tunnel -- int . devil' throat - dusk the Black Pearl sail through . Gibbs glance over the side . gibb deep enough for the ship 's draw . I would never have believe it . jack if you know how many die make it deep enough -- you would believe . they sail toward a distant light . the ship pass outside -- ext . shipwreck cove - shipwreck CITY - dusk from above , shipwreck Island be hollow , with a round water cove . in the center be shipwreck City , construct of break , derelict ship . moor around the city -- pirate ship , of all type , from all over the world . pull back to find pintel , ragetti and Jack as they stare out . pintel look at they all ! barbossa there 's not be a gather like this in we lifetime . jack and I owe all of they money . ext . caribbean sea - night squawk seagull circle above the endeavour , diving down to the barrel on deck . the Flying dutchman be moor alongside . int . endeavour - captain be cabin - night the door be open by grove , who step out of the way ( quickly ) to let a angry Jones pass . jone I can not be summon like some mongrel pup . beckett apparently , you can . I believe you know each other . 609 610 611 612 613 white revision 7-4-07 78 . he gesture to : will , who hold a teacup and saucer . he nod to Jones . jone come to join my crew again , master Turner ? will not yours . his. ( suddenly ' remember ' ) Jack sparrow send he regards . beckett be surprised by that -- just as will intend . jone sparrow ? will ( to beckett ) you do not tell he Jack be rescue from the locker ? along with the Black Pearl ? ( " tsk , tsk " ) Jones absorb this , turn he ire on beckett . jone what else have you keep from I ? beckett there be another issue ( point toward will ) far more troubling . ( to Jones ) you be familiar with a person call " calypso " ? Jones try for a measure response , but be not quite successful . jone not a person . a heathen god . who delight in cursing man with they wildest dream , and then revealing they to be hollow and nought but ash . the world be well - rid of she . will not quite so well , actually . ( sip he tea ) the Brethren Court intend to release she . jone no . they cannot ! ( more ) white revision 7-4-07 79 . jone ( cont 'd ) the first court promise to keep she imprison forever ! that be we agreement ! beckett you agreement ? jone I tell they how to bind she . she could not be trust . she give I no choice . will clock that ; the word be familiar -- jone ( cont 'd ) ( to beckett ) we must act before they release she -- and will realize : will you love she . Jones snap a look at he . will ( cont 'd ) she 's the one . and then you betrayed she . jone he pretend to love I . she betrayed be '' will and after which betrayal do you cut out you heart , I wonder ? Jones hurl the table out of the way , slap away will 's tea cup , get right in he face . jone do not test I ! will ( be : he tea ) I be not finish with that . ( down to business ) you will free my father . ( stand ; to beckett ) and you will guarantee Elizabeth 's safety , and my own . will consider that briefly , shrug : sure , make sense . 614 white revision 7-4-07 80 . beckett you term be steep , Mr. Turner . we will expect fair value in return . jone there be only one price I will accept : calypso . murdered . will calypso be aboard the Black Pearl . Jack have sail the Black Pearl to shipwreck cove . beckett -- with you no longer aboard it . how do you propose to lead we there ? will hold up Jack 's compass . will what be it you want most ? int . shipwreck CITY - brethren court - night 614 on jack as he stab he sword into a globe , join seven other sword . he flinch at the boom ! boom ! of barbossa hammer the table top with a cannon ball . barbossa as he who issue summon , I convene this , the fourth Brethren Court . you piece of eight , my fellow captain . a abandoned hull , curve spar of a wreck ship , like the rib of some prehistoric beast . pirate lord sit at the table , they lieutenant behind they . with Jack and barbossa be : ammand the corsair , the scourge of the barbary Coast ; villanueva , a taciturn Spaniard , capitaine chevalle , a aristocratic frenchman ; gentleman jocard , slave turn pirate ; mistress ching , a blind chinese woman ; and a serene and priestly - look hindu , SRI sumbhajee flanke by the two biggest , nastiest - look guy you have ever see : akshay and pusan . the lord toss they piece of eight into a wooden bowl which contain a Queen of spade : a snuff box . the neck of a bottle , with cork still in . a pair of spectacle . etc . pintel that be not piece of eight . that be just piece of junk . white revision 7-4-07 81 . gibb aye , the original plan call for nine piece of eight to bind calypso , but when the first Court meet , the Brethren be to a one skint -broke . pintel so change the name . gibb what , to nine piece of whatever we happen to have in we pocket at the time ? oh , yes , that sound real pirate-y . barbossa ( hold out he hand ) Mr. ragetti , if you will ? ragetti I keep it safe , like you say when you give it to I . barbossa aye , you have , but now I need it back . ragetti hesitates . barbossa hold he hand under ragetti 's eye , give he a slap on the back of he head -- the eye fall into he hand . barbossa drop the eye into the bowl . mistress ching we be miss two . by the sound of it . villanueva sparrow . Jack reach for the coin circlet on he headband , consider . barbossa take note of the gesture -- Jack drop he hand . jack we be still short one pirate Lord . I be content to wait until Sao Feng join we . elizabeth ( 0.s. ) Sao Feng be dead . Elizabeth stand in the doorway , with huang behind she . she start in ; huang touch she shoulder , gesture to the globe . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) before he die , he name I captain of the Empress , and pass he lordship onto I . white revision 7- 4-07 82 . she stab she sword into the globe . jack Captain ? Captain ? they be just give the title away now . sumbhajee make a small gesture to ashay . akshay Sri sambhajee inquiry , by whose hand do Sao Feng perish ? jack hers , I will wager . elizabeth will you never forgive I ? ( answer the question ) he fall to the Flying dutchman . a uproar of concern , overlapping dialogue -- chevalle ching Le monster des the plague ship -- profondeure ! vallenueva iechelo en infierno ! -- end with this line , which must be clearly hear : ammand with the dutchman against we , there be no hope ! elizabeth listen ! listen to I ! we location have be betrayed . Jones , under the command of Lord beckett -- they be on they way here . jocard who be this betrayer ? barbossa not likely anyone among we . Elizabeth realize -- elizabeth ( to Jack ) where 's will ? jack ( shrug ) not among we . white revision 7-4-07 83 . barbossa and it matter not how they find we ! the question be , what will we do now that they have ? elizabeth we fight . the other pirate laugh , dismissive . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) good man have already give they life to this cause ! akshay ( play to the other pirate ) and so what matter the life of a few bad one , quip Sri sumbhajee . more laughter . elizabeth they die in defiance of the company . that 's my measure of good . that silence they . Jack regards Elizabeth , calculate . mistress ching shipwreck cove be a fortress , a well - supply fortress . there be no need to fight , if they can not get to we . other of the Court give that consideration . barbossa there be a third course . ( gather they by eye ) in another age -- at this very spot ! -- the first Brethren Court capture the Sea goddess , and bound she in she bone . that be a mistake . barbossa ( cont 'd ) we tame the seas for ourselves , aye , yet open the door for beckett and he ilk . better be the day when mastery of seas come not through bargain strike with eldritch creature , but by the sweat of a man 's brow and the strength of he back alone . and you all know this be true ! they do . the pirate lord be silent white revision 7-4-07 84 . barbossa ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... free calypso . akshay he have lose he sense , declare Sri sumbhajee ! ammand she be a barathrum ! lady ... we must . and then erupt -- chevalle démence ! ching ( in chinese ) no good can come of this ! villanueva jocard ella es nuestra diosa ! do not let he speak any further ! ammand shoot he ! jocard cut out he tongue ! jack shoot he and then cut out he tongue ! and then shoot he tongue . and trim that scraggly beard . huang Sao Feng would have agree with barbossa . elizabeth Sao Feng 's judgment in matter calypso should not be trust , even if he be here . the last be direct primarily to huang . huang take she point , step back . villanueva Nonetheless , I would have agree with Sao Feng . jocard calypso be we enemy then , she will be we enemy now . chevalle and she mood 's not likely improve , n'est pas ? villanueva pull out he pistol , slam it on the table . 6150 white revision 7-4-07 85 . villanueva I would still agree with Sao Feng . chevalle you threaten I ? villanueva I silence you ! he lift the pistol -- but chevalle punch he , send he sprawling into other pirate , the pistol fire -- ching ammand vézu ! no ! a pox upon thee ! jocard akshay coward ! feathermerchant ! Sri sumbhajee decry you all ! -- which initiate a push , shove , yell melee that break out in a full - blow brawl -- elizabeth this be madness . jack this be politics . elizabeth and , meanwhile , we enemy be bear down upon we . barbossa if they not be here already . int . black pearl - brig - night 6150 on tia dalma' locket , open , play its tune . she shut it . but the tune continue . she look to the shadow beyond the bar ... jone emerge , he own locket in he hand , open . tia dalma my sweet captain ... you have come for I at last . jone you be expect I ? tia dalma Long ago . it have be torture , trap in but this single form , condemn to exist on land , cut off from the sea , from all that I love ... from you . white revision 7-4-07 86 . jone no . ten year I devote to the duty you charge to I , ten year I look after that who die at sea ... and , finally , when the time come I could be with you again ... you be not there . why be not you there ? tia dalma it be my nature . I may have be there the next time . would you love I if I be anything but what I be ? jone I do not love you . his word sting she . tia dalma many thing you be , davy Jones ... but never cruel . you have corrupt you purpose , and so yourself she reach a hand out through the bar , toward he chest -- tia dalma ( cont 'd ) ... and you hide away what should always have be mine . she touch he chest , where he heart should be -- and he be revealed now , the man he once be . he reach back through the bar , to caress she face ... jone . calypso ... tia dalma I will be free . and when I be , I would give you my heart ... and we would be together , always . he trace he hand down the contour of she face ... tia dalma ( cont 'd ) . if only you have a heart to give . she remove he hand from she chest ; and now the hand that be at she throat be he claw . tia dalma ( cont 'd ) why do you come ? Jones remove he claw from she neck , pull it back -- it " ting " against the bar of the cell , trap inside . 6160 white revision 7-4-07 87 . Jones concentrate , shudder -- and push himself through the bar , into the cell with tia dalma jone and what fate do you have plan for you captor ? tia dalma the Brethren Court , all of they , the last thing they will learn in this life ... be how cruel I can be . Jones nod . he step away from she , toward the shadow . tia dalma ( cont 'd ) and what of you fate , davy Jones ? he pause . turn he head toward she without turn from the shadow : jone my heart will always belong to you . she smile , open she locket -- the tune resume . Jones vanish into the shadow . int . shipwreck cove - brethren court - night 6160 the brawl still in full force . Elizabeth sit in she chair , head rest on she fist , exasperate . barbossa bang the cannonballs , try to regain order , step up on the table . barbossa it be the first Court what imprison calypso ! we shall be the one to set she free ! and , in she gratitude , she will see fit to grant we boon ! jack or at least grant ‘em to the one of we who summon the rest of we and connive all of we to set she free . barbossa shoot he a glare . the other pirate eye barbossa suspiciously . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's not impossible . be it so improbable ? barbossa if you have a better alternative please , share . white revision 7-4-07 88 . jack cuttlefish . nasty little bugger . Pen them up together , and they will devour each other without a second think . so , yes , we could hole up here , well - provision and well - armed , and half of we will be dead within the month , and half of the other half dead the month after that . the pirate lord can not argue with that . aye ! jack ( cont 'd ) or , we can release calypso , and we can pray she will be in a merciful mood . but can we pretend that she be anything other than a woman scorn , like which fury hell hath no ? no , we cannot . res ipso loquitur tabula in naufragi , we be leave with only one option . I agree with -- ( get it out ) Captain swann : we must fight . barbossa you have always run away from a fight ! jack slander and calumny ! I have only ever embrace that oldest , noblest of all pirate tradition . my fellow mariner and shellback , I submit that here , now , that be what we all must do . we must fight to run away ! gibb jocard here , here ! mistress ching and what be target of this fight eh ? elizabeth Lord cutler beckett . chevalle beckett be nought but a cog . kill he , another take he place . like Jones , the East India Trading company be immortal . it have no body to kick nor soul to damn . 617 white revision 7-4-07 89 . jack ah , but Jones do have a body , do not he ? such as it be . jocard yes ! and should we kick it hard enough and long enough ... ammand if the dutchman have no captain what matter the dutchman ? barbossa see the sentiment of the room beginning to sway -- he bang the cannon ball for attention . barbossa as per the code ... a act of war and this be exactly that , can only be declare by the pirate King . jack you make that up . barbossa do I now ? I call on Captain teague , keeper of the code ! barbossa grin at Jack 's " oh , crap , not he " expression . sumbhajee make another small gesture ; ashay interpret : akshay Sri sumbhajee proclaim this be folly . we be not beholden to that ancient , outdated set of law ! hang the code ! be we not free to -- a pistol shot ring out -- and akshay stiffen , fall over . 617 everyone look over -- except Jack behind he stand captain teague in a doorway , gunslinger pose , smoke still rise from he pistol . teague the code be the law . Hand on the butt of a second pistol , he stare at sumbhajee . sumbhajee gesture to pusan to step into ashay 's place . pusan look nervous as sambhajee gesture again -- and then greatly relieved . pusan Sri sambhajee explain that a great misunderstanding have occur , and ( more ) white revision 7-4-07 90 . pusan ( cont 'd ) aver that indeed the code be the Law . Jack stand between teague and the table . teague you be in my way , boy . Jack turn to look at he ... then step aside as two pirate carry a lock manuscript into the room -- the code . pintel ( with awe , to ragetti ) the code ! ragetti ( with awe , to pintel ) as set forth by Morgan and bartholomew ! teague whistle -- and the prison dog run into the room , key ring in he mouth . pintel and ragetti recognize he -- pintel that can not be the same pooch , can it ? teague ( to pintel & ragetti ) Sea turtles , mate . teague take the key , unlock , open the book . page through , lick he finger . teague ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) . compensation ... leave leg , above knee ... shoot custom agent ... rum drink ... ah . reaches a page . read it . look up . teague ( cont 'd ) barbossa be right . he go to shut the book . Jack stop he , read the passage himself . teague consider shoot he . jack " it be the duty of the King to declare war , parley with share adversary , co-ordinate force ... Fancy that . white revision 7-4-07 91 . teague retire to a chair at the back of the court , begin strumm a mandolin . chevalle there 's not be a King since the first court , and that 's not likely to change . elizabeth why not ? gibb see , the king be elect by popular vote -- barbossa ( smug ) -- and each pirate only ever vote for hisself . Jack know he 's go to put in a pin in barbossa 's balloon . jack I call for a vote ! barbossa be dismay . ammand ( raise hand ) I vote for ammand the corsair chevalle capitaine chevalle , the penniless frenchman . pusan Sri sumbhajee declare for Sri sumbhajee . mistress ching mistress ching . jocard gentleman jocard . elizabeth Elizabeth swann . barbossa barbossa . vallenueva vallenueva . jack Elizabeth swann . white revision 7-4-07 92 . barboosa know he 's be fox . Elizabeth be shocked , but quick on the uptake . elizabeth done . cries of outrage from the Pirates . jocard mistress ching not do ! outrageous ! ( bu xiang hua ) villanueva pusan not acceptable ! not if Sri sumbhajee be not acceptable ! king , none should be ! ammand chevalle explain yourself , this will not stand ! sparrow ! jack ah . be I to understand , then , that we will not keep to code ? splang ! one of teague 's mandolin string break . Jack know teague 's get he back on this . the lord exchange glance . mistress ching very well . what say you , Captain swann , King of the Brethren Court ? Elizabeth gaze take in all the pirate lord . she stand make she pronouncement . elizabeth prepare every vessel that can float . at dawn , we be at war . a beat , as the pirate contemplate this . sumbhajee ( high -pitch voice ) and so we shall go to war ! jocard War ! the pirate rise up and vow war ! slap each other on the back . start to exit the meeting . barbossa glower at Jack . Jack smile victoriously back bargossa nod to pintel and ragetti . ragetti slip the bowl behind he back , pintel walk close behind to cover the theft -- Jack , he back turn to the proceedings , close he eye . the betrayal of all time be in place . 618 619 white revision 7-4-07 93. gibb there 's more beneath the waterline here then you be let on . Jack open he eye , wide , innocent . gibb ( cont 'd ) you use to have a honest streak , let a man know where he stand with you . but I can not figure this at all . jack and where do that honest streak end I up ? Dead . gibb Jack -- jack Mr. Gibbs . you have a ship to ready for battle , do not you ? Gibbs be take aback . Fine , if that 's how he want it : gibb aye-aye , Captain . he go . Jack notice teague , watch he . jack what ? you have see it all . and survive . that 's the trick , be not it ? to survive . teague it 's not just about live forever , Jackie . the trick be , live with yourself forever . he take a shrunken head from he belt , offer it to Jack . odd . Jack take it . teague nod to he , and leave he to he thought . ext . black pearl - command deck - morning shipwreck island in the background ... pan to reveal the Black Pearl as it join the Empress , and the collect pirate ship , ready for battle . Pirates sharpen sword , clamber over the ship , make ready for sea . on deck , marty peer ahead , into fog-shroude water -- out of the fog , a single ship appear , the endeavour . 618 619 620 621 622 623 white revision 7-4-07 94 . ext . black pearl - morning 620 marty raise the alarm -- marty the enemy be here ! let 's take them ! blood-curdling scream as pirate yell they approval -- aye ! strong , loud , confident -- more ship appear ... more ship ... even more ship . with each 621 ship reveal , the yell of the pirate grow less certain . fog clear -- revealing the huge armada of the East India Trading company . every manner of ship , hundred of they , poise and ready for battle -- in the sea ahead , the Flying dutchman rise up through the water 622 to lead the East India Trading company fleet . on the endeavour , beckett lower he spyglass . grove stand next to he . beckett well play again , Jack . and what 's you next move ? on the black pearl : silence . cotton 's parrot swoops down wheel past , flap -flap -flapping its wing , get the hell out of there , head back toward the island .. all eye turn to Jack -- eye belong to angry pirate all armed -- what the hell do we do now , sparrow ? jack parlay ? ext . caribbean sea - sandbar - day 623 a sparkling white strip of sand . Jack , Elizabeth and barbossa walk away from a longboat beach on one side , toward a second longboat on the other side . the threesome draw near to three other : beckett , davy Jones and will . they regard each other in silence . barbossa ( to will ) you be the cur that lead this wolf to we door . beckett do not blame Turner . he be but the tool of you betrayal . white revision 7-4-07 95 . beckett ( cont 'd ) if you wish to see its grand architect -- look to you leave . Elizabeth , barbossa , Jack the monkey -- look over at Jack . Jack look to he leave , too . jack I ? my hand be clean in this . figuratively . will my action be my own , to my own purpose . Jack have nothing to do with it . jack there ! listen to the tool . elizabeth will , I have be aboard the dutchman I understand the burden you bear but I fear that cause be lose . will no cause be lose if there be but one fool leave to fight for it . will 's eye shift toward Jack . Elizabeth clock it -- glance at Jack . calculate . beckett if Turner be not act on you behalf , then how do he come to give I this ? beckett hold up Jack 's compass . that convince barbossa . beckett ( cont 'd ) you make a deal with I , Jack , to deliver the pirate -- and here they be . do not be bashful ; step up and claim you reward . he toss the compass ; Jack catch it . barbossa and what reward do such chicanery fetch this day ? beckett her . ( will be shocked ) when the cannon smoke clear and the brethren slaughter , off he sail on the Pearl , Elizabeth in he arm white revision 7- 4-07 96 . beckett ( cont 'd ) and the blame dead square upon he rival . there be a moment of silence as this settles in . jack even if that be my plan -- and I be not admit to anything -- there 's not a tinker 's chance of it come off anymore . ( to Elizabeth ) be there ? beckett there never be . jone you debt to I must still be satisfied . one hundred year in servitude aboard the dutchman ... as a start . Elizabeth react to the mention of the dutchman -- she realize what Jack be after . a glance at will . will give the slight indication : yes . jack that debt be pay . ( to Elizabeth ) with some help . jone you escape . jack / jone a technicality . elizabeth there 's no better end for Jack sparrow than bilge rat aboard the Flying dutchman . I propose a exchange . will leave with we ... and you can have Jack . will done. jack not do . beckett done . white revision 7-4-07 97 . jack Elizabeth , love , you be condemn I . again . barbossa Jack be one of the nine pirate lord . you have no right ! elizabeth King . barbossa frown , realize : Jack be up to something . Jack doff he hat . jack as you command , you nib . he start to cross to beckett -- barbossa grab Jack 's shoulder and whirl he around even as he draw he sword . barbossa blaggar ! Jack evade , but not quite -- Jack 's circlet coin drop to the sand . Jack the monkey scurries to pick up the coin . Jack raise he eye to barbossa . the two man regard each other barbossa ( cont 'd ) if you have something to say , I might be say something as well . jack first to the finish , then . will and Jack complete the cross . Jones shove Jack down . jone do you fear death ? jack you have no idea . beckett advise you ' Brethren ' : you can fight and all of you will die . or you can not fight , in which case only most of you will die . elizabeth you murder my father beckett he choose he own fate . 624 white revision 7-4-07 98 . elizabeth and you have choose yours . we will fight ... and surely you will die . beckett so be it . Elizabeth and will turn away . Jack the monkey drop the coin into barbossa 's hand . barbossa contemplate it , close he fist , follow . still tense , with they back expose : will " King ? " elizabeth of the Brethren Court . courtesy of Jack . will be impressed . will maybe he really do know what he 's do . int . flying dutchman - brig - day 624 Jack be throw into the cell , the door slam shut . he look out through the bar as maccus move past . jack right ( 0.s. ) bravo ! Jack turn he head -- pan over -- jack -right lean against the bar . jack right ( cont 'd ) you have arrive aboard the Flying dutchman as per the overall scheme . jack left ( 0.s. ) oh , yes , bravo ! reveal : another Jack to he leave . jack left ( cont 'd ) except for this little sojourn in the brig , it 's utter clockwork . jack right but we have get momentum on we side ! a FOURTH jack open he eye -- this one be well on he way to become part of the dutchman , like wyvern . he pull away from the wall , expose he brain . white revision 7- 4-07 99 . wyvern jack stab the heart ! all three other jack look over at he . wyvern jack ( cont 'd ) step foot ashore but once every ten year . but if you be in the brig then who 's to stab the heart ? jack left it do seem to put immortality a bit out of reach . jack right poppycock . jack poppycock ? jack left he 's never say ' poppycock . jack I have never even think ' poppycock . ' jack right just then you do . jack I do not -- all three suddenly clutch they head and yell in pain . they look over at wyvern Jack -- he 's get he brain in he hand . he squeeze it again ; again , all three clutch they head and yell in pain . jack left should he be do that ? jack right that can not be good for we ! wyvern Jack squeezy again -- jack stop it ! stop ! you be give I a terrible headache -- and that remind he of something : jack ( cont 'd ) the whelp . 625 626 627 white revision 7-4-07 100 . ext . black pearl - day 625 will , Elizabeth , barbossa climb aboard . elizabeth we will need the Black Pearl to serve as we flagship , and lead the attack barbossa will we , now ? will spot : tia dalma , be lead onto deck by pintel and several of the chinese pirate . she be manacle , and bound with heavy rope . will know what it mean -- will barbossa , you can not release she . barbossa can not I , now ? suddenly chinese pirate surround he and Elizabeth , restrain they . barbossa give pintel and ragetti a approve nod . they drag tia dalma to the mast . elizabeth we have get to give Jack a chance ! barbossa apology , you highness . but 'tis certain the world we know end today , and I will not be let the like of cutler beckett say what come next -- and I will not be pin my hope on Jack sparrow , either . too long have my fate not be in my own hand . no longer ! he wrap he fist around the Captain 's knot Elizabeth wear -- then tear it free -- ext . endeavour - day 626 beckett return to the command deck -- beckett they have choose oblivion . ready the fleet . ext . black pearl - day 627 sail raise up and the Black Pearl leap forward . 628 white revision 7-4-07 101 . ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - day 628 ragetti present the bowl with the piece of eight to barbossa , who put in the Captain 's knot . suddenly the wind die . they look up . all the sail be flat . all the ship be stop . elizabeth be there a incantation ? barbossa ( remember ) aye , the item bring together do . have to be perform over water we luck out there . item burn . and some person must speak the word , " calypso , I release you from you human bond . " pintel be that it ? barbossa " twas say it must be speak softly , as if to a lover . barbossa grab Gibbs ' rum bottle , smashes it over the pile . shove the punk into the pile -- barbossa ( cont 'd ) calypso , I release you from you human bond ! all look at tia dalma as the item smolder . nothing else happen . pintel be that it ? ragetti you do not say it right ! everyone stare at ragetti . even ragetti would stare at ragetti if he could ; he 's surprised he speak up . ragetti ( cont 'd ) ( defensive ) you have to say it right . ragetti step up to tia dalma . say softly and with genuine love of the sea -- white revision 7- 4-07 102 . ragetti ( cont 'd ) calypso , I release you from you human bond . the punk in the bowl burst into flame , the flame lick upward in a twist column -- and then its go . the piece of eight decay , they age overtake they -- tia dalma gasp . she sag . the manacle on she hand become pitte with corrosion , fragile with rust . she shudder , and they break , fall to the deck . will struggle forward -- will tia dalma ! calypso ! ( she raise she eye ) when the Brethren Court first imprison you ... who be it that tell they how ? who be it that betrayed you ? tia dalma name he . will davy Jones . her eye shoot toward the Flying dutchman , rage building behind they . and then -- 629 tia dalma_ start to transform . her eye change color , she hair 629 ripple with no wind . she rise up ... Crew member try to restrain she . ropes pull through they hand -- then rope snap . the deck buckle under he weight as she grow tenfold in size , a harryhausen vision amid the sail . barbossa kneel ; other follow suit . barbossa calypso . I come before you as but a servant , humble and contrite . I have fulfil my vow , and now ask you favor . spare my self , my ship , my crew -- but unleash you fury upon that who dare pretend themselves you master , or mine ! calypso barely take notice of he ... long enough to say a single word that boom out over the deck -- calypso fool ! 630 white revision 7-4-07 103 . barbossa 's eye go wide -- he long - odd gamble do not pay off -- then , suddenly , she collapse , crash down to the deck in the 630 form of ten thousand crab -- crab everywhere , a torrent run across the deck , toss pirate aside . crab flow out over the side of the ship and calypso be go . silence . will be that it ? pintel why , she 's no help at all ! ( to barbossa ) what now ? the wind pick up again , cause the sail to shudder -- barbossa nothing . we final hope have fail we . one of the pirate 's hat be take by the wind ; it spiral up and around the mast . Elizabeth watch it elizabeth it 's not over will overhear she . will hope be not lose . there 's still a fight to be have . gibb there 's a armada array against we . we have get no chance of winnin ' . elizabeth ( still watch the wind ) only a fool 's chance ... barbossa revenge will not bring you father back miss swann -- -- it 's like a slap in the face to Elizabeth -- barbossa ( cont 'd ) -- and it 's not something I be intend to die for . Elizabeth realize : nothing can bring she father back white revision 7-4-07 104 . elizabeth you be right . ( beat ) then what shall we all die for ? she step up onto the rail of the ship . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( to the crew ) listen to I ! the Brethren will still be look here , to we , to the Black Pearl , to lead . what will they see ? frightened bilge rat aboard a derelict ship ? no . they will see free man . and freedom ! and what the enemy will see be the flash of we cannon . they will hear the ring of we sword . and they will know what we can do -- ( to barbossa ) -- by the sweat of we brow and the strength of we back -- ( to all ) -- and the courage of we heart . she cast a gaze around the deck , meeting the eye of several crewmen , end on will . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hoist the colour . will nod , repeat it : low , resolve . will hoist the colour . gibb hoist the colour . pintel hoist the colour it 's pick up by the crew , a murmur as they move with purpose to they station , past and around barbossa . one begin to sing softly " yo ho , all hand , hoist the colour high ... " gibb we have get the wind on we side , boy , and that 's all we need ! Elizabeth , still on the rail , turn to where the Empress lay , shout across to tai huang : elizabeth hoist the colour ! 631 632 633 634 635 white revision 7-4-07 105 . on all the pirate ship , flag be raised . different style , black on white , red on black . most with the skull and crossbone , or sword . the ship surge forward -- crew member start to sing , they voice rise together in triumph ... pirate yo , ho , haul together , hoist the color high ... heave ho , thief and beggar , never say we die ! will target the Flying dutchman . we be the only ship that can catch she ext . endeavour - deck - day on the endeavour , beckett sip tea . Officer grove approach . grove we have a favorable wind , sir beckett look up , notice . utterly casual . beckett so we do . signal Jones . " no quarter . " that should brighten he day . ext . endeavour - deck - day a signalman wave flag , as see from the dutchman -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - day on the upper deck , mercer scream out : mercer to arm ! we will give no quarter ! the crew answer , huzzah ! davy Jones turn away , as the wind rise , he look up into the sky ... he hand move toward he chest jone calypso . ext . black pearl - deck - day Cloud above begin to rotate , form a storm disk in the sky -- lighten strike down at sea -- in the caribbean sea , a giant whirlpool begin to turn slowly . sheet of rain begin to fall -- 631 632 633 634 635 636 637 638 639 white revision 7-4-07 106 . ext . caribbean sea - day 636 from above -- the two formation converge , the Black Pearl outpace the pirate fleet , the dutchman outpace the Armada . between they the sea continue to swirl ... ext . black pearl - deck - day 637 Gibbs stare at the sea with a practice eye -- gibb maelstrom ! Saints preserve we ! a moment as they all take stock of the dire situation . elizabeth Captain barbossa ! barbossa look up ( he be contemplate he now - mortal hand ) -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I need you at the helm . barbossa aye , that be true ! ( take the wheel from cotton ) brace the yard ! set the stay sail and turn she windward ! ship of the armada and the fleet turn away . the black pearl also 638 turn . but the flying dutchman and the black pearl be catch - ext . flying dutchman - command deck - day 639 mercer spin the wheel of the dutchman , try to evade the swirl maelstrom . mercer veer off ! jone shall not harm we ! full -bore , and into the abyss . mercer be you mad ? jone hah ! be you afraid to get wet ? ( order to crew ) stand on ! Jones wrestle the wheel from mercer . he spin the wheel -- take the dutchman over the edge , into the swirl maelstrom -- 640 641 642 643 white revision 7-4-07 107 . the Flying dutchman use the inner , faster move water to 640 cut in behind the Black Pearl . ext . black pearl - command deck - day 641 will spot the dutchman 's strategy . will she 's on we stern and gain ! barbossa more speed ! angle yard to port ! ext . flying dutchman - command deck - day 642 the dutchman lay in behind the Black Pearl -- davy jone bow cannon , Fire ! the forward cannon of the dutchman fire , hit the Black Pearl from behind -- ext . black pearl deck - day 643 cannon ball fly at they from the stern , one of they take off a steering wheel pin . will take we out ! before they overbear we ! barbossa nay , further in ! and cut across to faster water ! Elizabeth and will race down to the main deck -- elizabeth prepare to broadside ! gibb Captain the gun ! bear-a-hand ! will pause , look across to the dutchman : they be go to fire on the ship he father and Jack be on . pintel and ragetti race below deck to the gun as -- barbossa cut the Black Pearl down into the whirlpool to evade the aft cannon fire -- white revision 7- 4-07 108 . 644 ext . ocean - day 644 the Flying dutchman and the Black Pearl spin broadside to each other -- the other ship fade into the mist and rain telephone pole spin in the background . 645 int . flying dutchman - below deck - day 645 maacus and Jimmy leg ready a cannon as the Black Pearl come into range -- 646 int . black pearl - below deck - day 646 prepping the cannon . pintel and ragetti aim . Beyond they , the Flying dutchman come into view -- Gibbs come down the gangway -- gibb hold till we lay board - and -board ! 647 ext . black pearl - deck - day 647 barbossa bring the Pearl around . barbossa Fire ! 648 ext . flying dutchman - day 648 mercer ( a order to the crew ) Main battery at ready ! davy Jones point he claw -- davy jone Fire ! 649 cannon FIRE thunder as the two ship battle across the abyss -- 649 on the pearl , two crewman race the length of the deck as cannonballs scream past , shot end on barbossa , who laugh -- barbossa hah ! it be too late to alter course now , matey ! 650 int . flying dutchman - brig - day 650 the jack be rock by cannon fire . Jack be in action tear out the bench , lever it against the brig door jack -- think like the whelp think like the whelp think like the whelp -- white revision 7- 4-07 109 . jack right jack left half -barrel hinge ! never work jack right leverage ! Jack shove down on the bench ; the brig door fall open . jack wish we luck , boy . we might need it . he move past the bar . the jack watch he go . jack right I miss he already . jack left he will be back . wyvern jack nobody move ! ( the jack turn ) dropped my brain . 651 ext . flying dutchman - deck - day 651 mercer be flanke by two guard , Jones at he side . mercer rake them ! keep up the barrage ! prepare to board ! a cannonball whistle toward they -- jone and keep you head about you . Jones push mercer aside as the cannon ball crash and take out the two guard . mercer look gratefully at Jones ; the look turn to horror as Jones ' tentacle beard wrap around mercer 's neck mercer choke ; move around to show Jones ' face as mercer 's neck snap . mercer fall to the ground -- held up briefly by the chain , with the key , hold by Jones ' beard -- the chain snap and mercer fall . 652 int . flying dutchman - captain be cabin - day 652 Jack enter on a title deck . murtogg and mullroy , very twitchy , swing the cannon toward he . 653 white revision 7-4-07 110 . mullroy halt there , or we will shoot ! Jack stop . jack good one . I just come to see my effect . admirable though it be why be you here when you could be somewhere else ? murtogg someone have to stay and guard the chest . mullroy no question , there 's be a breakdown in military discipline aboard this vessel . murtogg I blame the fish people . mullroy oh , so fish people , by dint of be fish people , automatically be not as discipline as non-fish people ? murtogg seem contributory , be all I be suggest . Jack , meanwhile , have approach the chest and now he pick it up and sneak off as they be argue . mullroy it be true that if there be no fish people there would be no reason to guard the chest . murtogg if there be no chest , there would be nothing to guard . at that moment they both look down to see the chest be go . ext . flying dutchman - MAIN deck - day 653 Jack sparrow appear from the Captain 's cabin , carry the chest . he circle around , stop -- -- ahead of he be Jones , come down the step . Jack see Jones have the key -- Jones see Jack have the chest . 654 655 656 white revision 7-4-07 111 . jone lookee , boy ! a lose bird . a lose bird that never learn to fly ! crewman laugh and surge forward . jack ( look for a escape route ) to my great regret . ( a-ha ! find one ! ) but it 's never too late , he ? Jack sheathes he sword , tip he hat -- jack ( cont 'd ) and now , anon , adieu . grab a sail , loosen the bottom tie . the sail , partially free , fill with wind , and carry Jack to the upper rigging . ext . flying dutchman - yardarm - day 654 Jack land , impressed with himself . inch along , look up -- and suddenly Jones be there . he draw he sword . jone the chest . Hand it over . Jack draw he own sword . jack I can set you free , Jones . jone have you never love , Jack ? my freedom be forfeit long ago . Jones leap at Jack , sword clash -- ext . caribbean sea - whirlpool - day 655 the two ship be draw closer in a ever-tighten circle . the giant mast of the two ship tilt toward -- close enough for attacker to swing on rope , cross from ship to ship -- ext . dutchman and pearl - mast - day 656 cannon fire blast the Pearl . soldier from the Flying dutchman swarm across , attack will and Elizabeth . will take advantage of a short break in the action ( near capstan ) will Elizabeth ! dying for something , that 's the easy part . what be we go to live for ? white revision 7-4-07 112 . Elizabeth give he a " you have get to be kid " look , and then more attacker be upon they . elizabeth right now be not the best time ! they fight around opposite side of the capstan , come together : will ( with a chuckle in he voice ) right now may be the only time ! I love you ! they be separate again , and then will catch she hand : will ( cont 'd ) I have make my choice . what 's yours ? her eye never leave he ; she decide : elizabeth barbossa ! will 's a bit surprised at that answer but then it become clear , even as attacker separate they again : elizabeth ( cont 'd ) marry we ! on the deck above , barbossa fight off several crewmen . barbossa I be a little busy at the moment . Elizabeth and will fight on opposite side of the deck : will barbossa ! now ! barbossa Fine , then ! he climb atop the binnacle cabinet as they come back together -- now 's the time to begin the ceremony . barbossa ( cont 'd ) dearly beloved and other , we be gather here -- he 's beset by attacker ; so be they . as they fight down the length of the deck , will figure , screw it : 657 white revision 7-4-07 113. will Elizabeth swann , do you take I to be you husband ? elizabeth I do . will great ! elizabeth will Turner , do you take I to be you wife ? in sickness and health ? with health be the less likely ? will I do . on the wheel deck , barbossa still want he big moment : barbossa as Captain , I pronounce you ... ( more attacker ) you may kiss -- kiss the -- just kiss ! will catch Elizabeth , they nearly kiss -- but then they be separate again . they fight they way back together -- they kiss , SOUND drop away destiny . the sound of battle return . a loud explosion -- ext . dutchman - yardarm - day 657 Jack and Jones spar . Jack strip Jones ' sword from he grasp . jone there be nothing you can do with that , without the key . jack I already have the key . for a moment , Jones almost believe he , but then smile display the key at the end of a tentacle . jone no , you do not . Jones display the key at the end of a tentacle on he beard . 658 659 660 661 white revision 7-4-07 114 . jack oh , that key . with he half sword , Jack slice at Jones ' tentacles . black ink spray everywhere . the key fall -- -- land on the deck of the dutchman amid the splatter . still clutch by a writhe tentacle fragment . livid , Jones shove Jack backwards -- Jack slashes down -- he sword be stop by Jones ' claw . Jones squeeze and Jack 's sword be snap in half . ext . caribbean sea - day 658 cotton struggle with the wheel of the Black Pearl -- -- just as the mast of the two ship slam together -- ext . flying dutchman - - deck - day 659 the mast shake and Jack lose he balance , the chest fall -- Jones scream -- jone no !! -- he reach down , save the chest with he tentacle arm . and dangle below , hang on the chest -- be Jack ext . black pearl - deck - day 660 will pull he sword out of a crewman and turn , see Jack 's situation , see he hang -- -- just as murtogg and mullroy swing across , slam into the ship . they crawl up over the railing -- -- and will take they rope , coil it around he arm -- ext . flying dutchman - yardarm - day 661 davy Jones sling Jack up and into the air -- Jack grab onto a line -- Jack smashes into a dutchman crewman swinging on a line ... Jack glance down , notice something -- jack hullo , that 's mine ! Jack grab the pistol from the crewman as he head - butt he off the line . Jack come swinging back around behind Jones , fire the pistol -- 662 663 664 665 666 white revision 7-4-07 115 . Jones be hit ; the chest , fall from he grip -- -- the chest smashing down on haddrass as he try to sit up ; he entire head be force down into he body . the chest tumble free -- -- just as will land on the deck , arrive from the Pearl . he bend to pick up the chest , move away -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - day Jones stride along the deck , move through the fight . a redcoat stoops to pick up Jones ' sword , examine it . Jones take it from he and run he through , never slow -- will glance over he shoulder , then back ahead -- where maacus be right in front of he , block the way . int . black pearl - below deck - day on pintel and ragetti , smirk , stand on either side of a cannon ... they be up to something . reveal Jack -the- monkey crouch inside the barrel . pintel light the fuse -- -- kaboom ! -- the monkey shriek in glee -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - day -- smack ! Jack - the- monkey slam into maacus ; he tear at it try to get it off he face -- ext . flying dutchman - mast - day Jack continue to swing around , look down , see -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - day will move past -- then be suddenly floor by -- bootstrap Bill . the chest slide away . will stand , have only a second to recognize he father -- will it 's I -- -- before bootstrap slashes at he with he sword . will ( cont 'd ) stop ! it 's will ! you son -- will be force to defend himself , but also not harm he father -- leave the chest momentarily free -- Jones arrive at the chest -- 662 663 664 665 666 667 white revision 7-4-07 116 . Jack drop down in front of Jones , pull he sword -- too small from have be cut in half -- jack ( he let out a whimper at the sword ) Jack look , pull a_ bayline pin out of the capstan , use that to block Jones ' attack -- Jack dodge , keep the capstan between they . Jones go straight through the capstan -- Jack spin the capstan turn Jones around to come out the other side -- as will battle bootstrap , give ground -- ext . black pearl - deck - day 667 pintel , ragetti and Gibbs arrive on deck -- -- as barbossa fight with the wheel , strain to keep the two ship apart . he yell down -- barbossa the mast be tangle ! the dutchman be go down , and we with it ! Gibbs crane he neck , stare at the mast , turn -- gibb loose a cannon ! use chain shot -- blast we free ! pintel and ragetti confront clacker . clacker go over the edge , leave pintel hold the iron ball , clinking together . realization , he raise they -- pintel we have get ball ! Elizabeth rush past -- elizabeth free the sail ! target the mast ! she crouch , slashes at the cannon tie-down rope . Gibbs crouch down next to she -- gibb I have get it -- go ! he look over toward the dutchman -- Elizabeth follow he gaze -- she see -- 668 white revision 7-4-07 117 . ext . flying dutchman - deck - day 668 Jack race away -- but Jones leap in front of he , block he . Jack retreat , but Jones slashes he across the face . Jack land hard on the deck Jones laugh , turn , and stride toward the chest -- and Elizabeth swing in , drop down in front of the chest . jone harridan ! you will see no mercy from I ! elizabeth ( raise she sword ) that 's why I bring this . Jones sneer and attack . will look over -- see Elizabeth be jeopardy . Jones wade in , beat Elizabeth backwards -- will slashes at bootstrap , disarm he . grab bootstrap , slam he into the rail . will pull out he knife ... raise it . look like he be go to stab he -- will I will not kill you . I make you a promise . will slam the knife down -- into the railing , through bootstrap 's jacket , pin he there . turn away -- bootstrap look down , stare at the knife . it look familiar he try to remember Jack roll over on deck : right in front of he eye be the tentacle crawl past he , head back to its master -- drag the key . Jack grab it , worm the tentacle away -- look over . the chest be sit right there . Jack smile . Jones backhand Elizabeth with he claw -- and suddenly a sword appear -- right through he chest . davy Jones look over he shoulder -- will be behind he . Jones look down . jone miss . do you forget ? I ama heartless wretch . white revision 7-4-07 118 . Jones bend the sword tip , lock it in place -- then wrench sideways , freeing the sword from will , knock will to the deck . will 's eye shift toward Elizabeth . Jones look from will to Elizabeth -- process they relationship . jone ( cont 'd ) ah. Love . a dreadful bond . will back away -- he have no weapon -- he be helpless . Jones pull the sword through he body , toss it aside . jone ( cont 'd ) yet so easily severe . tell I , William Turner . Jones raise he own sword . jone ( cont 'd ) do you fear death ? suddenly Jones cry out . look over -- jack do you ? Jack stand with the chest open , and Jones still - beat heart in he hand . he squeeze it -- and Jones stagger , clutches at he chest . Jack smile . he 's get it all under control . finally . Jones regains he balance ... take stock of the situation . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's a heady tonic ... ( toss the heart in he hand ) . hold life and death in the palm of you hand . jone you be a cruel man , Jack sparrow . self -serve and dishonest . jack self-serve and dishonest I will give you , but cruel be a matter of perspective , be it not ? jone be it ? davy jone stab will turner . with norrington 's sword . white revision 7-4-07 119 . Elizabeth cry out -- will , lie on deck , look up -- he have be run through by the very sword that he himself forge . Jack stand there with he cut - off sword , hesitates . Elizabeth race toward will . cradle he in she arm . on bootstrap , as he see Elizabeth . a expression of curiosity across he face -- and then , wonder -- and recognition . bootstrap remember . bootstrap William . my son . Jones turn toward Jack . jone take what you want most , Jack . live forever -- bootstrap race across the deck , lay into Jones . attack with rage . Jones be drive aside , overcome , to the railing of the ship . the two man grapple -- Jack look at will , mortally wounded . will stare at the sword stick out of he , look up -- Jack glance across the abyss -- barbossa at the wheel of the Pearl . the ship spin . the point of no return . pintel and ragetti , aim they cannon -- Jack look at the heart . raise he eye to will . to Elizabeth . Elizabeth look to Jack , plead -- elizabeth please . at the rail , Jones twist and gain the upper hand , force bootstrap out over the railing -- jone you will not forestall my judgment -- suddenly Jones claw at he chest , cry out in anguish -- the ship shudder -- Jones let go of bootstrap , look over -- 669 670 671 672 white revision 7-4-07 120 . close on : Jones ' heart have be stab . by Jack 's shorten sword . and will 's hand be on the sword hilt . will Turner have stab the heart of davy Jones . will stand over the slain heart . Dark ink , volume of it spread out onto the deck -- Jones fall onto the rail . he open he eye one last time , stare into the whirling abyss , accept he fate ... jone ( cont 'd ) calypso -- ! davy Jones fall over the rail , plummet down into the sea , at one with calypso at last . on the black pearl , pintel and ragetti shoot they cannon -- on the dutchman , part of the mast be blow away -- on the pearl , barbossa turn the wheel outward , and the Black Pearl fight to get free -- the two ship separate ! the Flying dutchman spin , follow he down , envelop in darkness , the sky faint above -- on the dutchman , Elizabeth hold will in she arm . he appear as though he be go to say something , but do not -- he die . elizabeth will ... bootstrap pull the knife from the rail . he move toward will , as do the other crewmen ... Jack grab Elizabeth , pull she away from will . she struggle briefly , but the grief be overwhelming . Jack escort she through the enclose circle of crewmen . Jimmy leg carry the open chest . bootstrap maccus the dutchman must have the dutchman must have a a Captain . live heart ... crewmen ( murmur ) part of the ship , part of the crew , part of the ship , part of the crew ... 669 670 671 672 white revision 7-4-07 121. bootstrap kneel beside will , pull open he shirt , raise the knife -- Jack have gather the rope of a flap sail -- fire a pistol shot to blast a knot away -- arm around Elizabeth they be lift from the deck by the wind - fill sail -- 673 ext . caribbean sea - day 673 Jack and Elizabeth rise up , stare down as will 's body be obscure from sight by the crewmen . Jack look at Elizabeth who continue to watch the ship grow smaller Jack the monkey have hitched a ride ; even he look mournful . 674 ext . caribbean sea - day 674 the Flying dutchman vanish into the whirlpool . 675 ext . caribbean sea - day 675 Jack and Elizabeth land in the ocean near the Black Pearl -- 676 ext . black pearl - deck - day 676 barbossa , pintel and ragetti watch in horror as the dutchman be pull down , spin , into the depth . Gibbs help pull Elizabeth over the rail , and then Jack . gibb thank heaven , Jack . the armada be still out there , the endeavour be come up hard starboard , and I think it 's time we embrace that oldest noblest of pirate tradition . jack I have never be one for tradition . 677 on the endeavour , beckett stand at the helm , with the Armada be - 677 form behind he . 678 on the pearl , Jack move toward the wheel , shout order : 678 jack Close haul she ! luff the sail and lay she in iron ! barbossa belay that ! we will be a sit duck ! jack belay that belay that ! 679 680 681 682 683 684 white revision 7-4-07 122. pintel , ragetti , marty , Gibbs , cotton , all want to protest , but Jack cut each of they off -- jack ( cont 'd ) belay it ! Stow it ! Stow it , stow it belay , belay , stow ! on the endeavour , beckett see the Black Pearl , sail luffing , helpless . grove what be he wait for ? beckett he expect we to honor we agreement . beckett shrug -- below he , on the gun deck the cannon port OPEN and the cannon emerge -- on the black pearl , its sail flap , Gibbs watch the endeavour move into position against they . gibb do not figure for it to end this way . always picture a angry husband . jack reasonable . on the endeavour , as beckett sail in for the kill -- beckett nothing personal , Jack . it 's just good business . suddenly the flying dutchman appear , up from the depth , sailing alongside the Black Pearl . a clean slate grey , no longer encrust -- on the pearl , Jack grin -- jack full canvas ! barbossa aye full canvas ! on the flying dutchman , william turner step out on deck , a dark avenge anger in he eye , and now in control of the Flying dutchman -- 679 681 * 682 683 * 684 685 686 687 688 689 690 white revision 7-4-07 123. on the black pearl , barbossa spin the wheel -- the dutchman and the Black Pearl split , sail to either side of the endeavour , trapping it in between . on the endeavour , beckett stare in disbelief . grove , next to he , stare out and see they doom . to beckett -- grove order , sir ? ( wait , nervous ) Sir ? ( wait ) Sir -- what do you commmand ? beckett stare across -- at Jack . States Jack sparrow 's question , to himself , with resignation , disgust , amazement : beckett who be i? grove see that beckett have lose it -- turn away . grove abandon ship ! all hand ! abandon ship ! with other crewmen , grove race for the rail -- vault over -- on the dutchman , will FIRE ! on the pearl , jack FIRE ! the dutchman and the black pearl OPEN FIRE . and we see the full fury of this two ship for the first time . cannon blast -- and blast -- and blast -- and blast . a furious broadside -- beckett 's ship be blow away . on the endeavour , beckett step forward , shot landing all around . give he credit , he be fearless in the face of death . a mast fall , beckett do not flinch . the deck give way -- 685 686 * 687 688 689 690 691 692 693 694 white revision 7-4-07 124 . ext . pirate ship - various - day 691 teague raise he fist and shout . villenueva grin . sumbhajee cheer -- in the caribbean sea , beckett fight to stay above water . the 692 East India company flag float down , cover he . a brief struggle beneath it , and the flag flatten on the water on the black pearl , the crew cheer . in the midst be murtogg and 693 mullroy , try to they best to blend in . murtogg aarrgh ! mullroy shiver I timber ! murtogg and mine . that 's do not sound right to pintel and ragetti ; they turn toward the ( ex - ) Marines Jack and Gibbs watch as captain of the other Armada ship see the destruction , turn they sail . marty they be run ! gibb aye , they be terrify to take on the combine might of the dutchman and the Pearl ! jack I have never see a retreat from the other side before . Gibbs , you may fling my hat . Gibbs take Jack 's hat and throw it up into the air -- ext . flying dutchman - deck - day 694 Captain William Turner stand on deck , look out toward the Black Pearl . bootstrap step up beside he . bootstrap order , sir ? will be surprised . will you be no longer bound to the dutchman . you be free . 695 white revision 7-4-07 125 . bootstrap it 's a fine thing . but by my reckoning , I have still get a debt that need be pay . if you will have I . will regards he , a smile fight to break across he face . he gesture toward the wheel : will on the wheel , then , Mr. Turner bootstrap aye , Captain Turner . will 's gaze be draw back to Elizabeth ; bootstrap note it . bootstrap ( cont 'd ) one day ashore , ten year at sea . it 's a steep price to pay for what 's be do . will that depend on the one day . ext . black pearl - day 695 Elizabeth move to a wait longboat , past the crew . barbossa nod to she . gibb you chariot await , you highness . oar be inside . barbossa Mrs. Turner . Jack wait next to the longboat . elizabeth ( a smile ) Jack sparrow . it never would have work out between we . jack you keep tell yourself that . elizabeth thank you . jack every king need a queen . 696 697 white revision 7-4-07 126 . they lean together for a kiss , Jack think better of it ; smile , she turn away -- dissolve to : ext . shipwreck island - beach - day 696 Elizabeth sit down on a rock near the water 's edge , arm wrap around she knee . lose in think . will ( 0.s. ) Elizabeth . she look up -- will be there , stand in the water . she go out to he , into the water . will ( cont 'd ) ten year be a long time ... and I do not expect the world to stop turn . elizabeth I will keep it safe . he gaze into she eye , slowly nod : he have faith . he smile . will you have ruin you dress . she blink back tear . he reach a hand out for she cheek elizabeth will ... ( remember the very first meeting ) will Turner . will Captain ... will Turner . he lean forward to kiss she . they lip meet , softly . she shut she eye as the kiss take she ... close on : elizabeth' eye ... she open they slowly , see : the Flying dutchman , bound for the sunset . will be go . she turn .... reveal , on the shore , be the chest . Elizabeth raise it , hold it close , watch the ship as it get lose in the sun ... dissolve to : ext . tortuga - dock - day 697 Jack come down the ramp with scarlett and gisele he arm . white revision 7-4-07 127 . jack grant , it tend to list to port and have be know on occasion to frighten young woman , but I promise , you will not be disappointed . giselle be that it ? the Black Pearl ? scarlett it 's not very big . Jack glance at a small boat . jack please , love . that be a dingy . my vessel be magnificent and fierce and huge -ish and ... go . why be it go ? giselle spot the Black Pearl , far out to sea . giselle be that it there ? jack yes , there . there it be . why be it there ? ( the girl squint ) it 's much larger up close . scarlett oh , but Jack , you promise I a ride . giselle I be to be give a ride first . scarlett what . you ? giselle better than you . scarlett not what he say . giselle I never ! scarlet I see you ! giselle learn anything ? white revision 7-4-07 128 . scarlett I learn you steal my stay . giselle I never ! scarlett you be wear ‘em ! cat fight ensue . over this : Jack spot Gibbs , doze peacefully on the dock jack Mr. Gibbs . be there any particular reason my ship be go ? gibb ship ? we be on the ship . Jack ! the ship be go ! jack Girls ! will you please ! shut it ! the lady freeze , mid-motion tug each other 's hair . jack ( cont 'd ) listen to I . yes , I lie to you no , I do not love you , of course it make you look fat , I have never be to Brussels , it be pronounce " egregious , " no , I have not meet pizarro but I love he pie , and all of this pale to insignificance in light of the fact that my ship be go ! savvy ? slap ! Jack 's head be snap to the side . slap ! back the other way . the girl storm off . Gibbs look at Jack gibb take what you can . jack give nothing back . it be a farewell . Gibbs head off after the lady . gibb tell I , how much do you know about sea turtles ? Jack turn to gaze out to sea , gaze fix on the horizon . 698 ext . black pearl - MAIN deck - day 698 barbossa enjoy the sun on he face . open he eye -- pintel , ragetti , cotton , marty and other be gather before he . 699 white revision 7-4-07 129 . murtogg and mullroy attempt to look inconspicuous . pintel Sir , some of the man do not feel entirely settle about leave Captain Jack behind -- ragetti again . pintel again . barbossa be that so ? pintel so we be hope , it would make we feel a whole lot better regardin ' we fortune , if we could see that item you tell we about . marty on the chart . pintel with we own eye . ragetti to help put a ease to we burden of guilt , so to speak . barbossa ah . cast you eye over this , then , matey ... there 's more than one way to live forever . barbossa pull out the chart -- the Pirates lean forward . barbossa unroll they -- there be a large hole in the center where the map have be cut out . ext . caribbean sea - day 699 close on : the chart . Jack cautiously rotate the inner circle ... revealing a new map . on it : a draw of a fountain . inscribe on the curve : Ponce de Leon . Jack smile , pull out he compass , open it -- and be shocked to see : the needle point to almost directly behind he . that can not be right . he look around -- and find : a bottle of rum , tuck away behind the seat . he pick it up , check the compass again ; whatever he see make he smile -- 700 white revision 7-4-07 130 . he lean back , pull the cork , take a swig ... begin to hum ... jack ... we be devil and black sheep , really bad egg ... drink up I hearties , yo ho ... and so Jack sparrow leave we the way he arrive , alone , on a small boat , sailing into the sunset -- ext . beach - day 700 fade up on : Elizabeth , light by the light of sunset . elizabeth we be beggar and blighter , not 'er - do - well cad ... son ( 0.s. ) ( just a little behind ) . ne 'er - do - well cad ... she beam down . reveal : Elizabeth stand barefoot on shore , hold the hand of a nine - year -old boy , who sit atop a very familiar chest . elizabeth / son drink up , I ' earty , yo ho ... elizabeth yes , that 's right elizabeth / son aye , but we be love by we mum and we dad -- but she son have break off after " mum , " leave Elizabeth to sing the " and we dad " alone , because he have spot something on the horizon . Elizabeth look where he point -- close on : elizabeth , here eye search . she see something , break into a radiant smile as a GREEN flash light up she feature -- black