piranha by Chuck Russell 10/10/05 fade in : ext . lake havasu - day a garish Jose cuervo ad flash by on the side of a bright yellow hummer as it drive through frame , pull camera into the mid-summer crush of semi-clad , youthful body on main street Lake havasu , Arizona . havasu be a overcrowded blue collar summer paradise at the peak of its three - month -a- year run of prosperity . you can almost smell the sunscreen as heat wave make the crowd on the pavement appear to waver like a mirage in the desert . Main street be a row of tourist trap t-shirt shop , bar coffee shop and cafe . Beyond lie the shimmer expanse of the lake itself . crane shot end as a four wheel drive pick - up pull into foreground . a sign on the side of the truck read '' Patterson bait and dive shop . '' a beautiful golden retriever , baxter bound out of the open truck bed , bark merrily . ted patterson and julie tupper step out of the cab . they be one of that golden couple who have the ease and confidence of two people who be perfect for each other . they be bronze , athletic , early thirty . int . pet store - day a bell mount on the front door jingles merrily as Julie enter with baxter bound close at she heel . the proprietor , nate haskel , be a pleasant , if forgettable , middle - age man , idly surfing the web on he laptop . he rise as they enter . nate hi , Ted . hi , miss tupper . can you believe this heat ? ted pretty miserable , but it 's good for business . nate ( sigh ) not mine . tourist usually do not bring pet ... and they do not think much about take one home . what can I do for you today ? ted we need a bag of dry food and a couple of that rawhide chew . nate you be a lucky dog , baxter . baxter bark in agreement . nate ( gather goods ) so , the big day 's come right up , be not it ? Julie and Ted share a warm glance . julie only three week . ted you try to get I nervous , nate ? nate well , some of we would not mind if you get cold foot . you get the prettiest girl in havasu . julie that 's sweet , nate . nate that 'il be twenty - two thirty - five . ( as Ted pay ) you know , that balinese fight fish should be in next week . ted great. julie ( skeptical ) balinese fight fish ? ted they be beautiful , hon. wait ' till you see ‘em . julie sound like they 'il eat everything else in the tank . nate do not worry , they come with they own environment . ted I hear the sumatras be more aggressive than the balinese . nate maybe so , but I would not recommend they . they be much more sensitive to the ph balance . there 's a website here somewhere ... nate punch up the website on laptop . julie ( take baxter ) you two chat , I have get to get back to the dock . you brother 's the only one mind the store . ted that 's trouble . she give he a quick kiss . julie and do not forget , you have get a dive at one o'clock with that dot com guy . ted ( chuckle ) the great white hunter . how could I forget ? julie just do not let he spear you in that cute tush . Julie pinch Ted 's jeans - clad butt . ted hey , easy ... julie ( wave as she exit ) thanks , nate ! nate oh , anytime , miss tupper . julie julie. ( big smile ) or Mrs. Patterson . nate okay , Mrs. Patterson . CUT to : ext . lake havasu - afternoon a isolate inlet . this be the remote end of havasu ... breathtaking red rock terrain sculpt by time itself . not much have change here in ten thousand year ... camera boom down to reveal Ted stand waist - deep in the water , wear a full wet suit and diving gear . mr. crouse , a slightly pudgy yuppie with a tourist 's sunburn wait beside Ted as he check he spear gun . ted the grouper like to feed in this inlet this time of day . remember it 's all about you approach . mr . crouse cool . I be a human shadow . lead the way . Ted slip on he dive mask , suck in he mouth piece , and submerges with barely a ripple . crouse follow with a awkward splash . as they disappear beneath the surface , camera push past they to the nearby shore ... where a old tire swing be tie off to a oak tree . all be silent and still . beat . then the tire slowly begin to swing . at first , almost imperceptibly . then in a widen arc , as if it hada ghostly rider . the barren branch of the entire tree begin to tremble . rock formation - various the ground begin to shake . several fist-size rock tumble down the slope as we hear the grow rumble of a earthquake . ext . the town of havasu - various cut people in the street react as the tremor hit havasu . a pitcher of beer smashes to the sidewalk at a outdoor cafe . int . pet store dog howl and parrakeet flap in they cage . nate manage to catch a fish bowl just as it tip off a counter top . ext . lake havasu - underwater - same time Patterson and crouse be toss about beneath the surface in a churn backwash of water . the rocky slope at the bottom of the lake shake violently . then a jag crack travel up the slope like a inverse lightning bolt ... and a_twenty foot rift in the floor of the lake crack open . there be a deafen roar of water and both man be violently suck into the rift ... follow by ton of sand and rock . ext . dock - speed boat - same time Julie rise to she foot , screw driver in one greasy hand , spark plug in the other . jacob wyatt be assist she . he 's a tough - as-nail ex- longshoreman in he sixty . the boat they be work on begin banging against the dock 's pylon . Julie grip the gunnel to steady herself . then it 's over as suddenly as it start . int . pet store - same time nate wait a beat , then set the fish bowl safely back down . the parrakeet peep angrily , but settle back in they cage . ext . underwater - same time c.u. ted he struggle to orientate himself in pitch darkness . he 's alive ... but where ? another angle Ted click on a flashlight and the beam reveal a dark move shadow whirling straight towards he . ext . dock - same time Julie rise as the boat steady itself . zack patterson , Ted 's young brother , burst out of the dive shop and cross to Julie . Zack 's a tattooe twenty - year- old with a curious charm about he . zack you okay , Julie ? julie yeah . be that a earthquake ? jacob ( get back to work ) Hell , that be nothing but a hiccup . I have be in a earthquake . marcus ( 20 ) , Zack 's co-worker , join they . marcus let I guess , that one with mose , right ? when he parte the red sea . be not pharaoh after you guy ? Jacob be clearly use to Marcus 's dry humor . jacob as a matter of fact , it be the San Fran quake in ' 89 . Little puss like you would have shit he heart straight into he tighty whity . julie Zack , be you brother still out on that dive ? zack yeah . wonder if he feel anything ... camera push into a close up of Julie as a hint of concern cross she feature . julie try he on the radio , will you ? smash CUT to black image briefly flash against the darkness , like the flicker of lightning . a rumble of thunder accompany each image ; flash # 1 - ext . lake - ted 's boat - sunset Julie frantically inspect Ted 's empty boat , which float adrift . Zack and Jacob tie they boat off to Ted 's . back to black flash # 2 - ext . lake - search boat - night two state own Fish and game boat roar along the shoreline . a grim - face search team scan the darkness with powerful spot light . Julie and Zack ride in the back of the lead boat . back to black flash # 3 - int . ted 's cabin - night Julie , surround by Ted 's family and friend , break down in tear . Zack react with anger and frustration , smashing he glass in the fire place . back to black title fade up - '' three day later '' int . sheriff dobb 's office - late afternoon a cluttere Fish and game Department office . sheriff jim dobb , late fifty , be a seasoned enforcement veteran ; a good man whose simply be at this job too long to believe he 's go to save anybody but himself and he pension . he sit across the desk from Julie tupper , who have learn to believe the same about he . sheriff we have have we resource max out for day now . I can not justify it any longer . julie you be call the search off . sheriff I have no choice . fourth of July be the busy weekend of the year . maybe after the holiday ... julie maybe what ?! he could still be alive out there . sheriff he certainly could . in fact , I have bet money on it . but not in havasu , maybe not even in Arizona . julie what be you talk about ? sheriff look , I do not want to upset you anymore than I have to ... julie it 's a little late for sensitivity . sheriff Ted Patterson be a better diver than any man on my search team . there 's no way he drown in Lake havasu . ( beat ) the truth be , there 's no evidence that there be any kind of accident at all . julie we find he boat adrift ! sheriff which make it seem pretty damn strange that we have not find a body by now . ( pause ) you wedding be suppose to be in two week , correct ? julie what be you get at ? sheriff we have to consider all the possibility . one of they be that Ted simply leave town . julie that 's ridiculous ! sheriff you want to tell I what 's more likely ? alien abduction ? julie how do you explain the businessman Ted be diving with ...? sheriff we still have no record of this '' Mr. crouse . '' none of the hotel have he register . no one 's turn up to inquire about he . julie so , what ... you do not believe I ? sheriff I know this be difficult for you . julie you be difficult for I . sheriff ( ice cold ) we be do for today , miss tupper . julie you be do before you even start , be not you sheriff ? ( rise ) I guess I can not blame you , this be such a busy time of year for you . must be hard to keep up with all that fishing license . Julie storm out and slam the door . ext . parking lot - moment later Jacob be wait for she , stand beside the dive shop pick - he know the story from the look on she face . julie ( enter passenger 's side ) do not ask . 10 . jacob they be just glorify park ranger , Julie . even if dobb want to help , he could not find he own ass with two hand and a flashlight . Julie slide into the passenger seat , the entire weight of the tragedy on she shoulder . julie what do you think happen to he , Jacob ? jacob ( shrug ) anything can happen in the water . anything . I do not care if it 's six foot or sixty . julie ( search for the word ) but Ted be ... he be the best . jacob I know . I teach he . Jacob crank the engine , reach under the seat and hand Julie a coffee thermos . julie coffee 's the last thing I need . jacob it be not coffee . as Jacob pull out , Julie unscrew the cap and sniff . the vapor alone make she eye water . jacob go ahead , it will not make you feel any worse . Julie think it over ... then she take a deep swig . wider - havasu the pick - up swing out and pass by a traffic jam of income tourist . a large red , white and blue banner be strung across main street . it read '' happy Independence Day from Lake havasu City Council . '' 11 . ext . dock - dive shop - next day poster for '' havasu 's fourth of July firework extravaganza '' adorn the building . the dock be busy with a variety of college kid and vacation family . int . dive shop - day taylor billing enter the shop like he own the place . he 's a trust fund kid with a rocker ponytail , streak with beauty salon highlight . he 's accompany by reggie tripp , a frat type with a gym rat physique , Reggie 's girlfriend , sydney ( hot and know it ) and she college roomy camille and j.c . Camille talk on she cell phone as she aimlessly wander about the shop . the girl be pretty , but there 's something special about the quiet one , j.c . Zack notice she right away . zack hi. can I help you guy ? taylor we want to rent tank , regulator , the work . reggie Light gear . just for a little sport diving . zack great . be you certified ? reggie I be a navy seal , man . zack really ? reggie yes , really . zack still gotta know if you be certified . reggie ( get irritate ) I be certified , alright ? 12 . zack then you have get a card ...? reggie I get this . Reggie pull up he sleeve and flexe . there be a impressive navy seal tattoo on he bicep . reggie ( in Zack 's face ) you can read , right ? sydney c’mon Reggie . please do not start . zack ( to girl ) what about you guy ? ever dive before ? j.c . just some snorkeling . but I have like to learn . reggie I can take care of they . I be a instructor too . zack ( sigh ) right . look , if they want to dive , they need to get certified . take about a week . maybe you should do it too , y’know . just to brush up . Taylor intercede , pull out a gucci money clip load with fifty . taylor we be only in town for a couple of day . i’1ll pay double . like a rush fee . zack can not do that . Julie enter from the back of the shop , sense trouble right away . julie what 's go on , Zack ? 13. zack gear rental . I get it . it 's okay . Zack set down a clipboard with a rental form on it . zack if you really want to dive , I can take you guy out myself . as long as I accompany you , one quick lesson and you be good to go . reggie it 's a scam . julie it 's the law . if you do not like it , that 's okay . there 's lot of other thing to do in havasu . reggie ( eye Julie ) why do not you take we out ? julie Zack 's the best . if you like , we also do tour on we glass bottom boat . stay dry and see some spectacular underwater life . reggie that shit 's for tourist . sydney come on , Reggie . do not be a dick . let 's go on the dive . Camille finally finish she phone call . camille screw this , you guy . we can just hangout on the houseboat . j.c. smile at Zack . something 's go on between the two of they . j.c. no. let 's try it . it have be cool . Sydney squeeze Reggie 's arm . sydney c’mon , baby . 14 . reggie ( shrug ) what the hell ... zack best time 's early . like seven a.m . camille gawd . be you serious ? this be suppose to be a vacation . julie he 's right . the lake 'il be calm . good visibility . good dive will take you ' till lunch . we supply sandwich and soda . Taylor lay down he platinum card . taylor can you stock some Coronas ? julie only for after the dive . ( aside , to Zack ) you sure you want to take this guy out ? they seem like a handful . Zack glance up at j.c. and catch she look at he . zack it 'il be okay . julie if they do not shape up during the lesson , promise I you ’1l1 pull the plug . zack you get my word . ext . dive shop - continuous the girl and guy walk to they car . camille I can not believe it . you like that guy . j.c . no way . 15 . camille bullshit . I know you , j.c. j.c . alright , he be cute . so what ? sydney he 's a loser townie , j.c . and if you start hang out with one of the local it make we all look like slut . camille two more week and we be back at school . you can wait ' till then to get revenge on Chad . j.c . I do not want revenge on Chad . sydney of course you do . he dumped you in front of the entire school . camille besides , nothing 's better than revenge sex . that 's 1ll get Chad jealous and he ’1ll want you back . then you get to have great make - up sex . and after that , you 'il finally be over Chad , so you can be the one to dump he . perfect , right ? j.c. Camille ... be you still see that therapist ? camille no . my mom start dating he , so it kinda seem like I be talk to my dad . int . dive shop - continuous Zack watch j.c. through the dive shop window . marcus , Zack 's co-worker , enter lug a pair of tank through the marcus see something you like ? 16 . zack I dunno . marcus they be Arizona State girl , Zack . they be all look for some preppie asshole with a porsche and a trust fund . that be not we . zack true . marcus any word on you brother ? Zack hang he head . marcus he 's gonna turn up , Zack . you do everything you could , so ... zack ( cut he off ) let 's drop it , okay ? marcus okay , okay ... Marcus reach into he back pocket , pull out a flyer ... marcus here . concentrate on this . it 's for a fourth of July party . zack Club Zanzabar ? marcus I make a deal with rodriguez to use the Sand bar . if I turn a profit , I 'il get to do it every Wednesday night . I be a club promoter now , man . zack you can call it what you want . it 's still the Sand bar . the place 's get fleas . marcus I get a d.j. out of Vegas . guy 's smokin’ hot . ( more ) 17 . marcus ( cont would ) the place will be pack and not with that stick up college bitch , either . Zack take a last glance out the window at the girl . they climb into Taylor 's big mercede and peel out . look like fun and money . ext . the lake - sunset the orange rim of the sun dip beneath the horizon line . the exact moment it 's snuffed out like a candle ... nightfall . the water be calm . beat . a turbulence begin just beneath the dark surface ... dozen and dozen of source point swirl about . one split second of activity , then the strange phenomenon be over as if it never happen . ext . trail - night two tourist , a teenage boy and girl , ride along on horseback , pass a joint back and forth . boy let 's stop for awhile . there 's suppose to be a old boathouse a little way up this trail . the girl giggle and pass the joint back . girl okay , but you have to catch I first ! the girl kick she horse in the flank and it take off like a bolt of lightning . the boy wheel around and pursue at a full gallop . boy Amy ! ext . shoreline - night the girl be a hell of a rider . she ride at a full gallop straight toward the lake , laugh wildly . youth plus dope and horse power . always trouble . 18 . the horse plunge straight into the lake . ker-splash ! probably feel good on this hot night . the boy reign he horse in at the shoreline . boy Amy , get back here ! amy come and get I ! with what 's wrong , scared of the water ? she and the horse be now chugge along in deeper water , follow the shoreline . the boy kick he horse 's flank but it spook at the water line , refuse to go in . ext . boathouse - moment later Amy have reach the abandon boathouse . the dilapidate pier be half - submerge in the inlet . a old tire swing hang from a dead tree . the same tire swing where Ted be suck under . now we know exactly where we be ... and it 's nota good place to be . Amy can hear the boy call . boy ( 0.s. ) aaammmmyyyy ! she reign she horse in and pat he on the neck . he stand in the water , up to he shoulder . amy what do you think ? should we go back ...? the horse whinnie deep in its throat . something be spook he . Amy follow the horse 's fearful gaze . amy 's p.o.v . - the water the strange disturbance appear on the moonlit surface . dozen , maybe hundred of churn point of contact . but this time they move with purpose , travel directly at Amy . the entire formation submerges as it race straight at she . the horse rear up in panic . Amy try desperately to reign he in . 19 . amy no , stormy ! angle on the boy he hear the horse frantic whinny and realize something 's deeply wrong . he kick he horse into a gallop along the rocky shoreline . back to amy her horse be clamber for a foothold , still up to its shoulder in the water . Amy be fight to control he with all she might . amy no , stormy , no ! mystery p.o.v . eerie sonar vision scan the horse beneath the surface as it struggle to get it 's foot . the p.o.v. pick up speed , rocketing straight at its intend target . on shore - the boy at a full gallop , somehow know , fear just how bad this could be . he hear Amy scream . amy the water all around she suddenly erupt with blood and bubbles . the horse brays in agony , thrashing violently against a unseen enemy . it collapse into the churn water , take Amy with it . the boy finally gallop up to Amy 's location . he dismount and rush to the edge of the water . but there 's no sign of the horse or Amy . SHOCK CUT the horse break the surface , it 's a live nightmare of raw flesh stripped down to the bone , yet it 's somehow still alive ; it 's eye roll back in agony . Amy be cough water , clutching in blind fear to the saddle horn . 20 . closer - amy she scream hysterically as she horse be literally tear to piece beneath she ... she tumble with it , straight back down into the deadly broiling water . the boy fly out of the darkness on the tire swing ... he grab Amy around the waist and swing to safety as the horse finally collapse beneath the surface . all this have happen without ever revealing a glimpse of the ungodly force that pull the horse under . shoreline the boy and Amy hit the ground hard as they land on the rocky shoreline . he scramble to he foot , hold she tightly . boy Amy , be you okay ? she do not reply . by the vacant look on she blood - splatter face we realize she may never be okay again . boy Amy ?! 1 ! CUT to : ext . dock - morning a beautiful sunlit dawn . Julie detach the gas line froma large , expensive look houseboat . mrs . tunnie , a middle age woman with oversize accessory ( hat , ear ring sunglass ) step up to the rail . mrs . tunnie so sorry to hear about Ted . a terrible tragedy . but he be a real sportsman , be not he ? so he like take that risk . julie ( pause ) it 's still kinda tough to talk about . mrs . tunnie oh , I understand . ( beat ) so , you must be start to think about move on by now ... 21 . julie what ? mrs . tunnie well , now that Ted be go be not you go back to Vegas ? julie I be not from Las Vegas , Mrs. tunnie . I be from l.a . mrs . tunnie really ? I hear you be a show girl or something . julie I be a realtor . mrs . tunnie only dance part time ? julie ( give up ) that 's fifty - six thirty - nine , Mrs. tunnie . mrs. tunnie ( pay ) . so you be go to stay in town after all ? julie yes , actually , I be . Ted 's dad need I to run the dock . mrs . tunnie well , tell he my husband will take this old dock off he hand whenever he 's ready to sell . julie this dock have be in Ted 's family for year . mrs . tunnie that may be so , but you be not . julie Excuse I ? mrs . tunnie you be not part of Ted 's family be you ? not really . ( more ) 22 . mrs . tunnie ( cont would ) and now that Ted 's go , you will not ever be . Joe can not run thing anymore with he heart condition . so ... Julie finally start to get steam . julie you know what , Mrs. tunnie ? there 's only one thing I miss . mrs . tunnie about what ? julie Dancing in Vegas . I miss shaking my bare ass for man like you husband . mrs . tunnie I know it ! where there 's smoke , there 's fire . if you be smart you x11 cut you loss and move on while you can , missy ! ( call to captain ) we be do here , Jose . as the houseboat slowly pull out , Zack step up beside Julie . zack you really dance in Vegas ? julie nope . think I ought to give it a try ? ( Zack grin ) do not answer that . Julie secure the gas line . Jacob step up and take over for she . jacob let I grab that for you , kid . julie thanks , Jacob . jacob do not let that old gas bag get to you . her and she old man have be try to get they hand on this pier for twenty year now . 23 . julie well , they 'il have to wait another twenty as far as I be concerned . jacob that 's my girl . zack I have get to take out that charter . you need anything ? julie I be fine . just keep it simple with that kid , okay ? she toss Zack the boat key . zack no worry . ext . lake - morning the Patterson 's excursion boat , the '' chill pill '' cut across the calm water of havasu with Marcus at the helm . Taylor , Reggie and the girl be loung on the open deck as Zack help they prep for the dive . Zack help j.c. slip on she tank . he adjust the harness . zack too tight ? j.c . no , it 's fine . I do not think air could be this heavy . zack once you be in the water , you will not even know it 's there . j.c . hold on a sec . she adjust a neoprene knee brace . zack bad knee ? j.c . just gotta take care of it . I tore some cartilage swim . 24 . zack what kind of swim ? j.c . I compete for Arizona State . i’1ll be fine as long as I do not push it . zack as far as I be concerned , the whole point of diving be not push it . it 's about go with the flow . I think you be gonna love it . j.c . why do you ? zack what ? j.c . Love it so much . I can see it in you face when you talk about it . zack ( adjust she harness ) I dunno . it 's kind of like fly . no , it 's more like ... a dream of fly . you be weightless , glide through this secret world where all you can hear be you own breathe . and no one else can see what you see . j.c . you must dive alone a lot . zack ... guess I do . Reggie interrupt , drop he tank down with a loud clang ! reggie hey man , this regulator 's fuck up . zack should be okay . I check it this morning . Reggie strain to turn the valve . 25 . reggie well , you do not check this . I can not work with this cheap crap . zack lemme see . Zack turn the valve in the opposite direction Reggie 's be turn it . we instantly hear the hiss of air come through the line . reggie this be different than the gear we train with . zack sure . the seal probably use valve that twist in the wrong direction to like , foil terrorist , right ? Reggie fume . Marcus cut the engine and trip the anchor release . marcus ( over intercom ) lady and gentleman , this be you captain speak . please stow you tray table in they upright position . we have arrive . another angle the boat drift to a stop , revealing a picturesque hide cove . Red rock wall tower above placid water . Zack slip overboard into waist - deep water . zack okay . with we will stop for a quick lesson and still have plenty of dive time before lunch . sydney ( admire view ) ».. not bad . taylor cabo 's nicer . camille this suck . can we try someplace else ? 26 . j.c. ( slip into the water ) C ’mon , cami , it 's beautiful . the water 's perfect . camille ( display phone ) no reception . taylor you just might have to talk to we in person without a.t. & T. involved . Zack plunk the gear down on shore . j.c. notice something . j.c. look at that ... angle on shoreline j.c. hop up into the old tire swing . now we know they have drop anchor right be Ted Patterson disappear . j.c. begin to swing . the old rope creak under she weight . zack hey ! do not do that ! j.c. why not ? zack that thing 's like twenty , thirty year old . I do not want you to fall on you ... um . j.c . my ass ? Taylor wade up onto shore . taylor and a fine ass it be . ( to Zack ) calm down there , aqua Boy . you do not want to pop a stiffy in you speedo . CUT to : 27 . ext . underwater - day havasu do not have the crystal clear water of the Caribbean , but it do have its own unique beauty . the '' atmosphere '' of the water carry breathtaking shaft of light that ripple across the perfect body of j.c. and she girlfriend as they gracefully descend . montage : Zack put the college kid through some of the basic ; flooding they face mask , then learn how to blow they clear without surfacing . '' buddy breathe , '' in which two diver alternate off of one tank . Reggie break rank to play grabass with Sydney . Zack and j.c. glide weightlessly along the incline of the rocky slope . j.c. spread she arm like wing to '' fly '' for Zack . Taylor get Zack 's attention , show he that he regulator be read in the red ( low air time ) . Zack scribbles ona hand - size marker board . it read : '' relax . you be hyperventilate . '' angle j.c. she 's notice something peculiar a short distance ahead . we immediately recognize the rift , the deep crevice that swallow Ted Patterson alive . closer - rift the sand along the rim be slowly , but constantly trickle inward , disappear into the dark void within . it ’sa subtle but weird phenomenon . j.c. glide over for a closer look angle on zack as he turn , realize he 's lose sight of j.c... then he spot she . the rift j.c. swim down towards the rift , gracefully pass through a shaft of rippling light . the second she 's over the open crevice , she 's violently suck down into it . 28 . zack react he drop he hand board and swim with all he might , blaze straight to j.c . the rift j.c. desperately clutches a rocky outcropping as the undertow drag she inside . nothing but a slippery hand hold keep she from be swallow up by the darkness . int . rift - sonar p.o.v . a eerie sonar image of j.c. , as she 's see by something from inside the rift . she appear as a softly strobing silhouette , constantly scan and rescan by radiating sonar wave . a small figure in a vast black limbo . the p.o.v. rush straight up at the struggle j.c . angle on the rift j.c. 's hand slip and she 's jerk inside . but she snag a second hand hold . frantic , she look back over she shoulder , into the darkness . her dive mask be ripped from she face by the relentless current . she slip a few more inch , now blind . sonar p.o.v. rushing straight at j.c. 's foot c.u . - j.c. 's hand White knuckle grip . she hang on ... but the rock give way . ca-runch ! j.c. disappear into the darkness . but Zack 's hand thrust into the rift and grab she forearm . zack he straddle the rift , fight ton of water pressure . he pull all he might ... and j.c. slowly begin to appear , inch by inch . another angle Zack manage to get j.c. past the outer edge of the crevice . the grip of the relentless undertow be suddenly break and Zack and j.c. sling shot away . 29 . Zack take j.c. 's hand and quickly lead she to the surface . CUT to : ext . dock - dive shop - afternoon Julie sip a cup of coffee as she lean against the weathered railing , gaze out at the sparkling reflection of the late afternoon light on the water . as she watch , Julie notice a odd turbulence on the lake 's surface . it 's distant , but still noticeable . Julie slip on she UV sunglass . julie 's p.o.v . the image be cleaner . there be definitely something odd about the disturbance on the surface . wider Julie walk a few foot down the dock and grab a pair of binocular from a tackle box . she scan the water , but be now past the safety railing , perch on the edge of the dock . julie 's p.0.v . - binoculars a water skier , a young girl , be head toward the patch of turbulence . low angle - water a tracking shot from in the water as Julie watch . something be watch she . there be a grow sense of dread about what lie in wait for Julie . Julie gasp as the ski girl cross the odd patch of water and wipe out , disappear in a spray of water . c.u . - julie 's feet Julie , engross in the view through she binocular , step dangerously close to the edge of the dock . binocular - p.o.v. the girl do not surface for one , two , three second ... she empty skis pop up . another angle 30 . Julie slip , lose she balance . a hand shoot out of nowhere , grab Julie 's forearm ... pull she back to safety . wider it 's nate , the pet store owner . Julie recover , still upset by what she 's see . julie nate ... you startle I . nate ( awkward ) oh , sorry ! I , uh ... you almost fall in . Julie glance back at the scene . the ski girl finally surface , laugh . her friend in the boat pick she up . all be perfectly normal . nate I just think I better stop by and service the aquarium . I figure since Ted 's ... well , since he 's not around , I ... julie ( pull herself together ) that 's sweet of you , nate . C ’mon in . int . dive shop - moment later nate and Julie enter . nate I be really very sorry about Ted . julie I have not give up . I will not until I know what happen to he . nate you x11 find he . TI know you will . if there 's anything I can do ... anything . just let I know . 31 . julie of course , nate . nate be leave in a totally awkward state . nate I will ... just , you know , check the ph . the angel fish , they be tricky . julie thank you ... nate okay , then . nate finally turn and hurry off to the safer world of he fish . ext . patterson dock - day the look Glass pull into its sloop . Jacob great they and expertly tie off the tow line . jacob how be the dive ? taylor ( hop off ) great , except for the part where you instructor almost get my friend kill . Marcus guide it into its slip at the Patterson dock . Zack help j.c. step off the boat . she 's still badly shake from the misadventure . zack there 's a emergency ward five minute from here , I can ... j.c . I tell you , Zack . I be okay . zack just to make sure . j.c . this be already embarrassing enough ... really , I be fine . 32 . taylor you be the one who 's get problem , aqua-boy . my dad specialize in injury law . with we be go to own that boat , this dock and every dime you make for the rest of you natural life . sydney Taylor , try not to think about money for five minute , okay ? Reggie confront Zack as he off-load the tank . reggie so that be you '' sweet dive spot ? '' fuckin 's idiot . zack back off man . reggie next time we go out , I run the dive . zack before you get somebody hurt , maybe you friend here oughta know the close you have ever be to the seal be at Marine World . reggie you do not know shit . zack really ? better tell the guy who do you tat that the '' e '' in seal come before the '' a . '' Reggie stop in he track and check the tattoo on he bicep . a shocked look cross he face . reggie what ?! that stupid shit ! be you serious ? zack ( ice cold ) the tattoo 's fine ; but you be no seal . ( beat ) my brother be a seal . you could not shine he shoe . 33 . Zack walk off towards the dive shop , leave Reggie completely flustered . the girl begin to giggle . taylor ( laugh ) oh , man , you be so bust . reggie ( call after Zack ) you be dead meat , trailer trash ! CUT to : int . dive shop - moment later Zack and Marcus stow the dive gear as they discuss the incident with Julie . julie sound like you get catch in some kind of suck hole . when I be a kid we have to watch out for they along the California coast marcus but this be a lake , not the ocean . ( to Zack ) be you even sure what you see down there ? zack the girl almost get kill , okay Marcus ? marcus how do you know that ? if the undertow be that strong it could not be constant . unless it 's just '' the black hole that eternally suck . '' ( pause ) no , wait ... that 's my life . julie ( pause ) you think you could find it again ? zack ( shrug ) it be hard to see when I be right on top of it . I could try . 34 . marcus what 's the point ? just stay away from it . julie the point be ... if it happen to you , it could have happen to Ted . a chill go through every person in the room , as they realize that Julie be right . zack ( softly ) even if it do , he would have never survive this long ... julie I know that . ( beat ) if he be down there , I can not just leave he . we have get to bring he home . Zack begin to choke up . zack yeah ... you be right . nate there could be air . zack what ? nate you never see this rift before that little tremor on Thursday , right ? zack right . which be very weird because we dive there all the time . nate if there 's a strong current , it may be that something large open up . julie if it be one of this lake ... be it possible that it could have a air pocket ? nate oh , I do not know about that ... 35 . phone ring . marcus nate , there 's a call for you . nate no one know I be here . marcus it 's you mother . she say the sheriff 's Department be look for you . nate ( panic ) what ?! tell she ... tell she I be not here . tell she ... zack you in trouble , nate ? nate no . not that I know of ... marcus ( hand he the phone ) go ahead . do not worry , I can hook you up with a good lawyer . nate ( into phone ) hello , mar ? CUT to : ext . houseboat - day camera boom down from the upper deck of the houseboat , where the girl be grease up , catch some ray . someone 's mpe player be plugge into a boom box . reggae / Rap blare . camera endframe on the rail of the lower deck . Reggie sit on a lounge chair , puffing on a Cuban cigar . Taylor appear and set some cold Coronas in the tub of ice beside Reggie . he sit in a lounge beside Reggie . taylor we need to talk . 36 . reggie sure ... about what ? taylor the girl . reggie they be hot , right ? taylor yeah . but I think you say they have want to party . reggie they do . you just gotta get they in the mood . taylor the mood be about a grand a day of my money . which be start to get irritate . tell they if I be look for new buddy , I have have join a softball team . reggie c’mon , man . this be sorority girl . you do not want to freak they out . taylor yeah , I know . but if this keep up , I be go to have to have a funeral for my dick . reggie which one do you like ? taylor j.c. reggie you make she nervous . Camille be more you type . concentrate on Camille . taylor no , j.c . let figure out how to make she un - nervous . Reggie reach into he pocket and pull out a slip of paper ... the Club Zanzibar hand out . 37 . reggie here , check this out . taylor what be it ? reggie a very hot fourth of July party tomorrow night . suppose to get seriously wild . if that do not loosen the girl up , I have get something special that 's 1l chill j.c. out for you . taylor for real ? Reggie reach into he backpack and toss Taylor a small aspirin tin . reggie for emergency use only . two in she margarita and she 's yours . taylor be it safe ? reggie ( shrug ) you be not take ‘em , bro . she be . CUT to : ext . lake - day the deputy sheriff steer the Fish and game Department 's boat . sheriff dobb stand beside Dale , scan the coastline of this rugge end of the lake . nate sit idly behind they . sheriff I be not sure I understand this son . how do you lose a entire horse ? dale I do not know . something just drag it down . ( softly ) I do not know a horse could scream . 38 . nate technically , they do . if you know what to listen for , they also laugh and cry . in fact , a number of mammal do , include dolphin and elephant . sheriff spare we the Discovery Channel b.s. , nate . we be just try to piece together what happen here . you be the only horse expert we get . nate I supply feed for the dude ranch but ... actually , my specialty be tropical fish . sheriff ( irritate ) Fine . do you happen to have a opinion about what this boy have be tell we ? nate well ... it 's awfully shallow here for a healthy horse to drow . might have break a leg and spook . dale that 's not what happen . deputy there 's the boathouse . the deputy slow the engine . the boathouse be clearly abandon , it 's dilapidate pier half - submerge in the water . the familiar tire swing be prominent on the shoreline . dale it be in here somewhere . nate what 's that ? the sheriff follow nate 's gaze . only rock and seaweed be visible beneath the boat . sheriff what ? 39 . nate I be not sure . Circle around ... the deputy swing the boat in a tight 360 . this time he cut the engine and they drift along in silence . nate scan the lake bed . nate right there ... he lean out over the side of the boat to get a better look . sonar p.o.v. from below ... scan nate as he lean out . the sun behind nate flare , obliterate the image . another angle - nate half hide in the shallow , a piece of metal glint in the sunlight ... a stirrup . nate right there . nate slip over the side into waist - deep water . the terrain beneath the water be rough . the rotted wood of the old boathouse 's dilapidate pier make it tricky . sheriff ( to deputy ) for Christ 's sake , Jerry . give he a hand . the deputy slip off he t-shirt and toss it in the boat ... submerges in the shallow water . underwater - simultaneous the deputy grab the stirrup and pull . whatever the strap be attach to , it 's firmly hook up under wooden debris . surface the deputy come up for air , gasp . deputy it 's hang up on something . nate wade over beside the deputy . 40 . ext . underwater - sonar p.o.v. in eerie , softly glow sonar vision , the deputy reach right into camera to get a grip on the stirrup . whatever be watch the deputy , it 's so close that it 's strange he do not see it . another angle the deputy and nate strain against the stubborn stirrup ... suddenly , with the crunch of wood , a large shadowy Mass break free . surface nate tumble backwards into a section of rotted wood . it crumble on impact . crunch-splash ! closer the horsen grisly bone burst to the surface in a cluster around nate ... he scramble to free himself , tangle up in a old net that have snag the remain . the deputy help nate out of the tangle of rancid bone and netting . the sheriff observe from the side of the boat . deputy you alright ? nate Fine ! I be fine . the deputy heave the saddle up into the boat and the man climb back on board . the sheriff grab a small camera from he gear and snap a picture of the bone . sheriff how long ago do you say this happen ? dale last night . sheriff look more like last week . that bone have be stripped clean . the shred saddle look as if it 's be through a wood chipper . 41 . sheriff what the hell could have do this ? nate I have no idea ... the sheriff get a shot of the saddle as the deputy inspect the strap , rip into ribbon of leather . Water pour out of the tear saddle bag ... SHOCK CUT a dark shape explode out of the saddle bag ... right at Dale 's throat . jaw SNAP ! Dale scream as arterial blood spray out in a gruesome arc . the deputy grab the dark , glisten creature and yank it off Dale 's blood - splatter neck . it 's tail whiplash as it fly overboard and disappear beneath the surface . Dale scramble away , grip he throat , but the blood still squirt out with each heartbeat the sheriff grab a towel and press it to the open hole . sheriff sit back ! you have get to lie still . the sheriff apply direct pressure to the shocking wound . sheriff ( to deputy ) get we out of here . the deputy gun the engine . sheriff ( to nate ) you want to tell I what the hell that be ? nate I do not get a very good look , I ... sheriff you say you be a fish expert . find out . and find out soon . nate sit ... and notice the sheriff 's digital camera lie beside he . 42 . the image of the waterlogged saddle be freeze on the view screen . a dark blur have be capture on the lower right edge of the shot ... the creature leaping from the saddle bag . nate take the camera and punch the screen control zooming in on the image . although it 's dark and distort , the creature 's gruesome profile be visible . row of horrid fang and a white , glaring eye be visible within the ghastly blur . CUT to : ext . the sand bar - late afternoon Marcus pull up in front of the Sand bar in he 70 's Shelby cobra . it would be a classic , but it 's more bondo than cobra . as Marcus exit the car , he notice a orange state - sanction pickup park near the bar 's retain wall . two man , state geologist , be check the pylon that support the bar 's outdoor deck that hang over the water . Marcus be immediately concerned . he try to look casual as he saunter over to the pair . marcus hey , guy . what 's go on ? geologist # 1 be you the owner ? marcus ( lie ) I be he partner . geologist # 1 wwe have be spot-check some of the public building since that quake . marcus be not much of a quake , though , be it ? geologist # 1 Three point eight . but the number can be misleading . look like you have some baseline damage on you pylon . 43 . marcus really ? you sure about that ? geologist # 2 the damage might not be structural . we 'il have county engineer out here sometime next week to do a more thorough assessment . in the meantime , you have best keep people off that deck . the geologist fill out a form and hand it to Marcus . geologist # 2 call we if you have any question . marcus I get it . better to be safe than sorry . geologist # 1 exactly . you have a good holiday . marcus you too , sir . thanks . Marcus watch as the geologist return to they truck . he wave at they as they pull out onto the main road . as soon as they be out of sight , Marcus ball up the notice and toss it in a trash can . marcus and you can kiss my sweet irish cheek until Sunday morning . he stuff it in he pocket and slap on of he club flyer on the door in it 's place ; '' Club Zanzabar - Party down on the fourth . '' CUT to : c.u . - ted patterson - day he 's stand in the rear of a speedboat . this be playback of a digital tape . Julie be operate the digital cam , so we can hear she voice , but she 's not in the shot . she 's in the midst of a playful '' interview '' with Ted . julie ( v.0 . - tv ) so , Mr. Patterson , as a famous deep sea diver ... 44 . ted Lake diver . that 's a lake behind I . julie ( v.0 . - tv ) okay , whatever . '' deep lake diver , '' to what do you attribute you great success ? ted I owe it all to the little people . specifically the little five - foot - two girl in the red bikini right here . ( grab off cam at Julie ) now suit up . camera pull back to reveal Julie , curl up on she couch with baxter watch the playback on she tv . julie ( v.0 . - tv ) I tell you I do not do scuba . you guy dive , I x11 make lunch . ted what be you scared of ? julie ( v.0 . - tv ) everything . i’11 be so slow , you x11 end up leave I behind . ted ( suddenly serious ) listen , I will never , ever leave you alone down there , understand ? now go get you gear on ... Ted playfully snap he towel somewhere below the frameline . the camera go cock -ey as Julie shriek with laughter . ext . julie 's cabin - lakefront - night the sound of the playback of Julie 's laughter echoes across the moonlit lake . the swirl turbulence briefly appear on the surface of the water , a larger more define arrowhead of motion ... then all be still again . ext . houseboat - night the houseboat be dock for the night at a remote pier . laughter and music can be hear from inside . 45 . int . houseboat - MAIN cabin - night j.c. be painting she toenail . Camille be chat on she cell phone . Reggie and Sydney begin neck shamelessly on the couch . Taylor enter with a pitcher of margaritas puffing on a joint . taylor hey , we give you two the master so we would not have to watch the miracle of creation . reggie ( mumble ) fuck off ... camille ( into cell phone ) Jackie ? I be lose you ... Camille rise , try to find a '' sweet spot '' for reception . Taylor pour j.c. a margarita and offer she a puff of the joint . j.c. no thanks . Taylor pick up she nail polish bottle and take a whiff . taylor no wonder . you already cop a buzz off of this shit . Camille mime she irritation . camille ( into phone ) sorry , I can not hear you . people be talk in here . taylor that 's we primary form of communication on this planet . I / 'il phone you sometime and explain it Camille exit in disgust . ext . houseboat - night Camille step out onto the pier , search for reception . 46 . Three drunk frat boy be loung on a speedboat dock in the next slip . they try to get Camille to join they as she pass by , but she will not have anything to do with they . she remain focus on she cell phone , pan it like she 's search for gold with a metal detector . another angle pier Camille slip off the pier into warm waist - deep water . e.c.u . - cell phone screen Camille see the phone 's reception bar multiply from zero to three ... camille ( softly ) yess ... she wade further out . underwater p.o.v . - same time in eerie , undulate sonar vision , we see Camille 's lower torso wade out into deeper water . the p.o.v. be distant , but approach fast . camille she 's still casting about for reception ... slow to a stop . underwater p.o.v. as Camille stop walk , she sonar image disappear like a ghost . whatever this '' vision '' be , it only work on move target . wider - pier one of the frat boy have follow Camille to the edge of the dock . he watch she , admire she body ... but then notice something strange . the turbulence flicker across the surface of the water , head straight for she frat boy whey . Camille be still preoccupy , try to get a call out . she remain stand in place , punch she send button . 47 . frat boy ( louder ) hey ! Camille finally look up , irritate at the interruption . frat boy ( softly , intensely ) do not move . Camille recognize the fear in he voice . something be wrong . very wrong . she glance down at the water . vertigo crane shot c.u. of Camille as she look down in horror all around she . camera rapidly boom up until it 's directly overhead , revealing a immense shadow circle Camille beneath the surface . it could be the Loch ness monster ... or hundred of piranha . whatever it be , it completely encircle she . underwater - piranha p.o.v. sonar vision be receive scattershot image ; a section of the uneven lake bottom , a bit of Camille 's calf , a section of the pier 's pylon . as long as she hold still , the target be unclear . e.c.u . - camilleas cell phone the l.e.d. display light up with a message ; incoming call . beat . the phone ring loudly . high angle the shadow ring of piranha instantly respond to the ring and attack Camille ! the water explode all around she as she 's jerk beneath the surface . c.u . - the frat boy watch in stunne disbelief . dissolve to : 48. ext . lake havasu - houseboat - later we see light click off . int . houseboat - live room - late night j.c. be nearly asleep on a fold out bed when Sydney enter . she look exhaust and be carry a pillow and a blanket . sydney Reggie snore like a fuck lion . mind if I crash on the couch ? j.c. no. go ahead . be Camille back yet ? sydney ( shrug ) not that I know of . she must have finally make she love connection . j.c . her what ? sydney look , I love Camille . but she 's the queen of booty call . why do you think she 's always on the phone ? the girl 's quick on delivery than domino 's . j.c . you sure she 's okay ? sydney you 'il see . she 'il probably show up at the party tomorrow with some hot guy . maybe two . j.c . maybe three . sydney great . then I can finally ditch Reggie . I think all that steroid be start to take the lead out of he pencil . the girl giggle and high five . j.c. click off the light . 49 . ext . patterson dock - dawn jacob assist Julie and Zack as they load diving gear into the glass bottom boat , prepare to search for the rift . baxter the dog be excitedly run up and down the dock . voice ( 0.s. ) ahoy , there ! Julie turn . nate march out onto the dock , wear a bad boat hat and carry a overstuff beach tote . baxter bark a joyful greeting and dance around nate as he approach . julie oh no , Zack . you do not . zack not I . he invite himself . nate ( call out ) Morning ! julie ( half -heart ) hi , nate . nate hold up he duffel , stuff full . nate bring my gear . I just think you could use some help . julie it 's sweet of you to offer , but we have no idea if we will find anything . nate ( softly ) he be a good man . I just ... ( awkward ) well , I have like to help , if I can ... julie ( consider ) of course , nate . climb aboard . Jacob grab he duffel , help he board . 50 . zack so how be you big meeting with the sheriff ? nate very strange indeed . he need my advice . zack be he interested in fish ? nate he be now . but I be not so sure I can help he . julie alright , grab a seat , everybody . baxter leap on board just in time as Julie pull the boat out of it 's slip . CUT to : ext . cove - the looking glass - day ker-slash ! Zack drop the anchor overboard . they have reach the remote cove . Julie pass out compact high - beam flashlight . julie you put in the fresh battery ? zack yeah . ( test he light ) this 'il be like look for a needle in a haystack . jacob try this ... Jacob toss Zack a underwater flare from a cardboard box . jacob that 's a hell of a lot brighter than you flashlight ; but they be only good for about fifteen minute . just crack the cap ... and keep it away from you face . 51 . Zack casually inspect he flare , but do a double - take as nate step up from the aft of the boat . nate have don a surprisingly flashy red and yellow wetsuit with a large no fear logo down the arm . nate ( off Zack 's reaction ) what ? it be a gift . Jacob hand nate a flare . nate handle it gingerly . zack something wrong ? nate sorry . it 's just that I be a little claustrophobic , so if we do finda cavern ... julie ( take back the flare ) that 's okay . we do not expect you to go in . nate but I have get you back . zack good to know . ext . underwater - moment later one by one Julie , Zack and Jacob plunge into the water and begin they descent . dissolve to : montage - search for the rift they methodically cover the lake bed ... glide over sand and rock as they seek the rift . dissolve to : ext . sand bar - outdoor deck - late afternoon Marcus be busy make preparation for he party . a waitress , a bus boy and carrie the bartender , be help out . 52 . carrie be a tough , buff biker chick in she late twenty everybody 's favorite bartender . carrie what kind of crowd be we expect ? marcus the kind with cash ... and plenty of it , I hope . rodriguez , the owner , step out onto the deck . rodriguez hey , Marcus , we get a problem . marcus what ? rodriguez you d.j. 's people be here . marcus so what 's the problem ? rodriguez they want to know where to put they gear . we now hear the whining of heavy machinery and two roady appear on a fork lift platform as it rise into frame . a huge stack of amp and a set of spotlight be lift to deck level . in the b.g. , two van and a large generator truck have just begin to unload . camera boom down from Marcus 's stunne reaction ... down past the structure of the deck ... to the pylon that support it above the water . a small chip of plaster fall off the hairline fracture of the center pylon . CUT to : ext . lake - late afternoon baxter be poise at the bow of the boat ... ear perk as he patiently wait for he mistress . the sun be dangerously low on the horizon . 53 . ext . underwater - same time Julie , Zack and Jacob continue they search , glide across the lake bottom . angle on the rift Zack and Jacob glide down and settle beside the rift . Jacob raise a hand , caution Julie back he dig he hand into the lake bottom and release a handful of sand over the rift . it plume out , then be suddenly suck inside by the powerful undertow . the current be on . Julie nod , she understand . Jacob check the rock formation for a solid spot , then unsling a rock hammer from he dive belt and pound a steel piton into the bedrock . Zack do the same . they clip nylon line to the piton and secure they to they dive belt . Jacob show nate how to tend to the coil of line . nate give a exaggerated thumb up . Julie crack off the end of she flare , which ignites its magnesium core . a bright blue incandescent light illuminate they surroundings . she look to Jacob . he crack he flare , move in right behind she . Julie push out over the rift , hold the flare before she ... in a instant she be sweep inside by the powerful current . her nylon line quickly play out . int . rift Julie tumble inside , rip head over heel by the powerful backwash . she slowly regains control and drift to a stop . closer - julie she gaze up in awe at the vista before she , illuminate by the ghostly flicker of she flare . Zack shoot into the cavern right behind she . Jacob 's last 54 . julie 's p.o.v . - underground lake the vast ceiling of the underwater cavern be breathtaking , a sistine Chapel of ancient rock arcing out into darkness . this place may have exist undisturbed for century . Julie glance back at Zack and Jacob , who be equally in awe . all be humble by the sheer size of this place . there be several hollow in the cavern wall , which may or may not be passage . Julie and Zack glide forward , pause at each hollow to briefly illuminate its interior with they flare ... search for any sign of Ted Patterson . another angle as Julie , Zack and Jacob pass by , swarm of piranha be reveal , watch from the shadow within the hollow . they hover just beyond the ring of light from the flare . the ghostly form rise and fall with a eerie grace , stay just out of sight as we heroes slowly swim past . CUT to : ext . lake - the looking glass - same time baxter stand poise at the bow of the boat , wait patiently for he master . nate do not worry , boy . they be okay . nate sit in the bow with he laptop open and scrolling through a site title '' National oceanographic Society '' the program be in the midst of a search title '' Fresh Water Fish - characteristics . '' on the lower quadrant of the screen be a scan of the sheriff 's photo of the mystery fish . nate carefully overlay the blurred image with green reference point that detail the fish 's facial characteristic . a glow grid connect the dot . nate press a button and the program begin to rapidly search hundred of image from the site ... seek a match . CUT to : 55 . int . cavern Zack , Jacob and Julie swim along with they flicker torch hold before they . the cavern have narrow down to a wind tunnel fill with rocky arch and dark hollow . Jacob motion to Julie , show she that they lifeline be nearly play out . as Julie check she line , the light from she flare fall ona a beautiful little seahorse , unlike anything she 's see before . it glow with a soft phosphorescence and its entire body be translucent . its flutter heart and organ all look as if they be make of glass . it circle around they , its delicate fin whirring like hum bird wing . it 's follow by another half - dozen of its kind , all glow like something out of a fairy tale . as Julie watch , the seahorse skim across the sandy floor pass over something metallic in the sand ... something man make . Julie start towards it , but be pull up short as she nylon cord go taut . they have reach the end of they lifeline . she glance back at Zack , then make a decision . Julie unclip she line and continue forward . Zack be obviously concerned . he look back jacob 's p.o.v. they line trail off into the dark murky void . Zack reluctantly unclip he line and follow Julie . another angle - the cavern floor Julie dust the sand away from Ted 's crack dive mask . she glance at Zack . whatever Ted Patterson 's fate be , they be get closer to find out . a ripple run through the swarm of piranhas in they position throughout the hollow . the native be restless , but they still avoid the radiant nimbus of light that encircle the diver . CUT to : 56 . ext . lake - looking glass - sunset baxter begin to whine , pace up and down along the side of the boat . nate be get nervous as well . nate do not worry boy , they 'il be back soon . nate now hear a soft beep tone from he computer , glance back at the screen ... nate ( softly ) damn ... angle on the screen the program flash no match . a question appear on the screen ; '' alternate search . '' nate check the box mark '' scale twelve inch '' to '' any scale . '' the search instantly flash to a match . the gruesome profile of a brazilian freshwater piranha fill the screen . it 's a close match to the photo ... only we fish be twice the size and three time as nasty look . nate ( whisper ) sweet Jesus with a tambourine ... nate click '' more '' and be hit with dozen and dozen of image ... each more gruesome than the next of the vicious species . the tiny , evil eye , disproportionately large fang , the distinctive underbite . a mpeg suddenly appear and begin to playback a jittery black and white film clip ; close - computer screen in the crude image , a ox be lead by brazilian ranch hand into a swiftly flow river . as it step into the water , a time code appear in the corner , count the second . at first , nothing happen . then the ox suddenly collapse into the water . the water around the oxen now churn violently . it 's head break the surface , bray in pain . the moment the time code hit twenty - seven second it freeze . ox bone bob up to the surface , pick clean of flesh . 57 . c.u . - nate he 's thunderstruck as he realize ; flashback nate tangle in the horse 's bone . wider nate rise , nervously pace back and forth . baxter bark , pick up on nate 's indecision and fear . nate glance at the extra oxygen tank . the box of flare . he know he should warn Julie . baxter bark . nate I can not ! I tell they , I can not go in there . they 's 1ll just have to ... nate 's voice trail off . he 's stick between a rock and a hard place of sheer terror ... and the sun be set . int . cavern Zack 's flicker torch reveal a block passage . Dead end . he turn back to Jacob and Julie ... now what ? at that moment , Zack 's torch begin to sputter . Zack fumble for the flashlight clipped to he belt , just as a_swarm of piranha rise up from the hollow behind he . dozen of sightless eye reflect the die light as they rise up out of the darkness . Zack 's flare finally go out . Julie grab Zack 's arm , pull he back . the swarm surge forward in a swirl mass ! Julie hold she flare higher , briefly drive they back , but then she flare begin to sputter icy fear grip Julie as she realize they situation . she turn back , look for any other escape route . julie 's p.o.v. by the last cold - blue flicker of Julie 's light , the cavern wall appear to move . hundred of piranha line the wall . they rustle like leave in the wind , they metallic scale glistening . Julie , Zack and Jacob be completely surround . 58 . then Julie 's flare sputter out . the entire cavern be plunge into pitch black . Zack 's flashlight beam finally flash on , stabbing through the darkness ... it 's too damn narrow and too dim , but it reveal we worst fear ; SHOCK CUT a cloud of piranhas , swirl around they , close in for the kill . they tear into the close target ... Jacob . Zack watch in horror as Jacob be rip to piece before he eye ... still alive and scream as the gleam white bone of he rib cage be stripped bare . the fish go berserk , tail lash and fang snap . Jacob 's blood billow out in a dark cloud as he limb be rip from he torso . the power and speed of they attack be absolutely terrifying . cavern Zack discover he light beam have the effect of a Star Wars '' light saber . '' it repel the fish as it strike they . but Zack be fight a lose battle as the swarm grow around they ... become more aggressive with every heartbeat . Julie 's light beam flash on , as Jacob spin about in panic , catch up in a live twister of piranhas . his blood stir the piranhas into a great frenzy . Julie try to help , but be quickly force to fend off she own attacker . she flash she light in they eye to turn they away . Zack turn and the beam reveal a huge swell of piranha surging straight towards he . Zack backpedal in the darkness and collide with a cavern wall . his flashlight be knock from he grasp and tumble into the darkness below . Zack immediately swim straight down ... try to catch it Julie swim for she life in a blind panic , deeper into the cavern . the swarm split ; half whirl about to pursue Julie , half dive bomb after Zack. 59 . int . drop shaft - same time Zack swim straight down into this natural well of icy water ... and the swarm swoops down right after he . Zack 's flashlight tumble down through the darkness , its beam bounce off the craggy wall . Zack be in a deadly race ... straight to the bottom of this natural well , with the swarm right behind he . int . cavern - bottle neck Julie swim for she life . the pitch black cavern have now narrow into a wind tunnel . Julie 's leg be scrape by the razor sharp wall , leave a trail of blood behind she piranha swarm into the tunnel from both direction . teeth and eye flash up out of pitch blackness , cut off she escape . another angle at the last second , Julie duck into a narrow hollow in the cavern wall . the two swarm collide into one another , just miss Julie . the fish attack each other in they kill frenzy , quickly fill the tunnel with dark blood and bit of flesh . int . narrow passage - julie Julie swim for all she 's worth , head straight up a narrow '' stove pipe '' passage . it grow narrower as it twist and turn ... grow more and more claustrophobic . Julie now hear the eerie SOUND of the swarm approach , the leathery SNAP of tail accompany by a almost subliminal banshee wail . Julie twist about , scraping the narrow wall as she check behind she with she flashlight . julie 's p.o.v. hundred of piranha streak straight up , completely fill the narrow '' stove pipe '' passage . 60 . julie turn back ... and bump straight into a grisly corpse . half a body block she path , a grin skull beneath a dive mask . she instinctively flinch backwards , but the sound of the piranha grow louder and louder . Julie grab the corpse . could this be Ted ? there 's no time to think . the corpse pull free , fall to piece and Julie swim straight through it ! reverse the piranha race straight up through the narrow funnel of rock . julie pure adrenaline empower she . she desperately swim / scramble up the jag wall . julie 's tank slam into solid rock . she 's catch ! the passage be simply too tight to make it through . she slam into the ring of solid rock again and again , but she 's stick like a cork in a bottle . the swarm a live wall of tooth rocket up the rocky chute and tear into the flesh of Julie 's leg ! julie she scream , lose she mouthpiece . the pain be excruciate . she panic , gulp water , only second leave to live . quick cut Julie release she harness . she pull free of she tank ... swim straight up with no oxygen . the piranha in they frenzy , they attack the oxygen tank . we hear the metallic screech as tooth scrape on metal . 61 . julie no choice leave , swim up ... up ... go on thin hope . Long odd . trail blood . lung about to burst . julie 's p.o.v. rising up over jag rock ... the beam of she flashlight catch something strange in the darkness dead ahead . her own reflection swim straight at she . Julie break the surface ! int . cavern - AIR space Julie suck in a lungfull of century - dank air ... and immediately begin cough . she have surface in a AIR pocket somewhere within the cavern . the beam of she flashlight quickly reveal the truth : she have surface in a dead end ... a_rocky cove the size of a coffin . she flash she light back downward . below her tank be solidly wedge in the narrow bottleneck . the swarm 's access be block for the time be . CUT to : ext . sand bar - deck - dusk the place be pack , inside the bar and out , stand room only . Rap / rock blare . Marcus be a nervous wreck . he suck down a shot of tequila and spanks the bar . marcus carrie , hit I ! carrie do not tempt I . this be a mob scene , Marcus ! I should have three back - up work this bar . 62 . marcus that 's why I be lucky to have a pro like you . carrie Nice try . ( toss he a bar towel ) get back here and give I a hand . marcus what ?! ! carrie you hear I , get to work or I be walk . now , Marcus . marcus okay , okay . rodriguez elbow he way to the bar . rodriguez the sheriff 's office just call . we have to clear some of this people or they 'il shut we down . marcus just stall ‘em . firework will start any minute . some of they will leave . we now see a patron turn away from the bar , load down with margaritas ... it 's Taylor . he make he way through the crowd . angle on a tall bar table Taylor deliver the drink to j.c. , Sydney and Reggie . j.c . where 's Camille ? I think you say she have meet we here . sydney do not worry , she can take care of herself . reggie this be a rip-off . I think there be suppose to be firework . 63 . sydney the firework be right here , sweet thang . Taylor slide in beside j.c . the rowdy crowd push in on they from all side . taylor this place be a zoo . I knowa great little restaurant that serve killer barbecue . maybe we should slip out for awhile . j.c. ( be : Reggie and syd ) they look pretty happy here . taylor no , I mean just you and I . angle on the stage basically a wall of giant speaker and a high tech set of turntable . a local d.j. grab the mic . d.j. and now ... from the stone cold heart of Las Vegas , where paradise be a pair of dice . we bring you lil John and the too live Crew . angle on the girl j.c. and Sydney watch as the hard core rap crew take the stage . Taylor take advantage of the distraction ... he drop the small white pill from Reggie 's aspirin tin into j.c. 's drink . angle on the stage lil 's JOHN , a hard core rapper , he bare chest cover with jailhouse tat , take the mic as he d.j. start spin the turntable . the stack of base woofer boom like cannon as lil 's John begin he rap . the crowd move to the beat . angle on pylon - water line 64 . that fracture in the central pylon be no longer '' hairline . '' more plaster flake off as the combination of the dance and the monster subwoofer vibrate the entire deck . CUT to : int . cavern - AIR space Julie be cling to the rock , try to slow she breathe . stay calm to survive . she hear a disturbance in the water beneath she . julie 's p.o.v. a single piranha be squirming through the narrow space between she tank and the passageway . Julie desperately try to climb higher , but it 's impossible on the slippery moss cover rock . trapped . the piranha shoot straight up and break the surface like a leaping trout . Julie throw herself to one side . it 's tooth SNAP as it just miss she . the piranha impact the side of the cavern and careen back into the water . Julie begin to hyperventilate , try desperately to locate the piranha with she flashlight . it could be come at she from any direction . her flashlight beam reveal two more wriggle through . the tank screech against the rock as it become dislodge . the tank drop away into the darkness , and the entire swarm surge straight up at Julie . we now hear the most surprising thing of all ... a voice . barely a whisper . voice this way ... her beam flash upward , revealing a hide shelf on the opposite wall of the narrow air space . Julie snag a slippery hand hold and scramble up as a dozen piranhas leap up at she heel . high angle the rabid piranha fly into the air , snapping at Julie as she roll into the safety of the hide shelf . 65 . angle on shelf Ted Patterson lie wedge in the tiny alcove just a few foot from Julie . he look frighteningly thin and weak , but he 's alive ! julie Ted ! oh my god , Ted ... tear well up in Julie 's eye . from this closer angle , we can see how tough it be for he to muster the energy to speak . ted ( weak whisper ) Julie . how do you ...? julie be you alright ? ted ( cough ) I have be better ... Julie notice he hand be dark with blood and curl into tight fist . julie you hand ... ted I be ... I be try to dig ... stupid . the flesh of Ted 's finger be scrape down to the bone . the rock ceiling above he be cover with bloody claw mark . julie can you move ? ted I do not know . I bust some rib . can not feel my leg . Ted begin cough again ... sound worse this time . Julie cup some water in she hand and bring it to he lip . julie here . try to drink . Ted suck the cool water through blister lip . 66 . julie we have get to get out of here . the fish can be hear splashing just below they . ted that fuck thing ... they be wait for we . Julie 's voice shake with emotion ; the entire experience be catch up with Julie . julie ( softly ) they kill Jacob right in front of I . tore he to piece . I try to help he , but I could not , I ... ted that 's enough . ( pause ) we have get to think . do you see any other way out of here ? julie ( shake she head ) nothing , as far as I can tell . one way in , one way out . ted be anyone else with you ? julie Zack , nate ... we get seperate . ted they x11 never find you in here . you have get to get back to the entrance . julie ( correct he ) we have to get back to the entrance . I be not go without you . CUT to : ext . lake - sunset baxter whine , pace back and forth along the length of the boat . 67 . closer - SUN the last ray of sun dip below the horizon . int . cavern - AIR space Julie pause as she hear a disturbance in the water . she train she light on the pool beneath they . the piranha still circle ... but one by one they dive downward , return to the main cavern . julie what 's happen ? ted nightfall . the swarm leave the cave as soon as the sun set . ( beat ) this be you chance , Julie ... you have get to take it . ext . sand bar deck - night it 's a few margaritas later and Sydney be busy argue with Reggie about he '' lack of commitment . '' Taylor lean close to j.c. as she finish she drink . taylor you ready to go ? j.c . no , I ... j.c. 's head bob as she begin to nod off . j.c. wow ... that be strong . be that a double ? Sydney suddenly jump up from she seat sydney hey you guy , look ! the firework be start . everybody look up as a impressive display of multi-color firework crackle in the early evening sky . the d.j. crank up the music . the crowd rise to they foot . 68 . j.c. stumble as she try to rise . Taylor swoops right in , slinging a arm around she . j.c. ( softly ) I do not feel so good ... taylor I have get you , just relax . j.c. swoon . with she head lean on Taylor 's shoulder they look just like a normal young couple in love . Taylor glance back at Sydney . she 's still watch the firework with Reggie . Taylor pull j.c. closer . taylor c’mon . you need some fresh air he rush she off through the crowd . int . cavern - night Ted 's grow weaker ... can barely speak ted you have get to hurry . go on . take my tank . there 's still air in it julie we be go together . ted I 'il just slow you down . julie remember when you tell I you would never leave I alone down here ? ted ( smile weakly ) .. yeah . julie that work both way . Julie brace herself against the rock and carefully drag Ted into the water beside she . closer 69 . Julie fumble for he oxygen bit and secure it in he mouth . she still have no tank of she own . Ted 's too far go to argue . Julie hyperventilate with quick short breath to fill she lung to capacity , then take one last long gasp and dive straight down , clutching Ted closely to she side . CUT to : int . cavern Julie swim straight down with all she might . she 's force to go through the bottleneck first , then pull Ted after she . her lung already aching . the cavern Julie exit the hollow and peel out into the main cavern , navigate by the narrow beam of she flashlight . still no fish in sight . she make a beeline for the exit ... but hit a rocky wall . closer julie as she realize she 's take a wrong turn . she desperately flash she beam around the unfamiliar rock formation . ext . underwater - rift entrance - same moment nate find the rift and swim straight for it ... but pull back at the last second . closer - nate his eye grow wide and he begin to rapidly hyperventilate . we can see that he claustrophobia be suddenly overwhelming he . nate 's p.o.v . - the rift a classic spielberg push in / zoom out , vertigo of the narrow rift . only a fool would go in that narrow , nightmarish passage . 70 . int . cavern - same time Julie turn , panic stricken , completely disorient in the vast black limbo of the cavern . she give up she last gasp of oxygen ... but still will not take the bit from Ted . she 's suddenly jerk back ... a hand grasp she shoulder it 's Zack , hold she nylon line . Zack take out he oxygen bit and offer it to Julie . she take a desperately need gulp of air . Julie '' buddy breathes '' with Zack as he help she pull Ted towards the cavern exit . SHOCK CUT a pack of piranhas swirl up out of the darkness directly behind they . Julie and Zack make a break for the entrance , drag Ted with they . the passageway be only twenty yard ahead ... the piranhas wheel about and head straight for they victim ... pick up speed . Julie , Zack and Ted be go to reach the entrance at exactly the same time as the swarm . angle on the passageway nate shoot inside , thrust a blazing flare before he . instantly , the pack scatter from the blind light but nate panic , drop the flare . he 's push himself beyond he limit and can barely move . Zack push nate back out the rocky passageway as Julie pull Ted along with she . ext . lake - moment later baxter bark excitedly as oxygen bubbles break the surface . nate appear , then Zack and Julie , support Ted . they cling to the boat 's aluminum ladder . zack . Ted ... be he alive ?! Julie spit out the mouthpiece , gasp . 71 . julie he 's hypothermic . we have get to get he to St. Edwards ! nate ( climb up ) what happen to Jacob ? julie he 's go . CUT to : int . cavern - same time nate 's fall flare sputter out , leave the passageway in darkness again . the swarm quickly regroup . closer - the swarm the swarm 's point man , the alpha fish , be a large , battle scar male with a break fang . he surge forward , lead they through the passageway . the entire swarm fan out behind he as they head into the lake in a search and destroy mode . Alpha Fish react as he hear a low , rhythmic thrum . alpha fish p.o.v. this thrum can actually be see by Alpha Fish ... it appear as a deep , wide ripple in the otherwise even sonar plane of the lake bed . angle on alpha fish he swim upward toward the sound , lead the entire swarm towards the surface . ext . lake havasu - surface camera race along the surface of the lake as the now familiar turbulence appear , the eerie swirl phenomenon that be the sign of the piranha . the shadowy swarm skim along just beneath the surface of the moonlit water . camera boom up to reveal they destination . the party light of the Sand bar 's outdoor deck lie directly in the path of the swarm . 72 . the rhythmic thrum become loud and clear ... it 's the bass line of lil 's John 's rap performance as the fourth of July party heat up . CUT to : ext . sand bar deck - the d.j./ rappers - night lil 's John be on the mic , work the crowd . lil 's JOHN ( chant ) jump on it ! jump on it ! jump on it ! the crowd hoot and hollers , jump in unison to the beat . ext . sand bar - beneath the deck the pylon finally crack wide open . the underside of the deck shake . Dust trickle down . camera boom down to the surface of the water . the pale eye of the approach swarm of piranhas be visible , glow through the dark surface of the water like a parade of ghost . ext . deck - behind the bar carrie be still try to serve a sea of customer . Marcus do he best to back she up . carrie pause , sense something ... carrie hey ... do you feel that ? marcus what ? carrie I dunno . for a sec I think it be another earth quake . CUT to : 73. ext . lake - the looking glass - night the boat fly across the moonlit water with Zack at the wheel . he 's speak on the boat 's shortwave radio . Julie sit with Ted , a blanket pull tightly around he shoulder . zack ( hang up ) there 'il be a ambulance wait for we at the dock . Julie glance at Ted , who nod weakly . julie he 's go to make it . nate how do you two survive in there ? zack they could not stand the light . it be the one thing that back they off . nate ( pause ... think ) Light sensitivity only occur in cave fish , or fish that have evolve in the deep part of the ocean . most of they be nearly blind in the sunlight . zack ... that 's why the attack only happen at night . julie but how could creature like that turn up in havasu ? nate that be not just a cavern , it be a underground lake . zack a what ? nate a large body of water completely cut off from the outside world . maybe for century . ( more ) 74 . nate ( cont would ) they be not uncommon , especially here in Arizona . julie if that 's true , something have to pen it up . oo ted ( softly ) the quake ... they all turn to Ted . he 's fully conscious , but he voice be still weak . ted he lake bed collapse ... we be ury alive . oo nate it would take a environment that be close off for century , for that kind of creature to evolve . julie what kind of creature nate ? what be they ? nate ( pause ) piranhas . zack they be much larger than piranhas . nate but they have all the other attribute . the predatorial fang , the swarm mentality ... ( beat ) if they do evolve in isolation , they could be the progenitor of the entire species . CUT to : ext . pier - night a secluded spot a short distance from the Sand bar spotlight from the party can be see in the b.g. occasional firework continue . 75 . Taylor 's mercede pull down a incline to a stand of weep willow at the end of the pier . the engine and the headlight click off . closer - mercede Taylor lean over to j.c . she be slump in the passenger seat , fade in and out of consciousness . Taylor cautiously run a hand along she bare arm ... caress she . a test to see if she 'il wake up . j.c. moan softly and stir . Taylor get more dare with he caress . leans closer . taylor ( whisper ) feel good , do not it ? you be so beautiful ... the delusional bastard think she 's enjoy this ! he reach across and lower she seat back . it drop down with a clunk . j.c. stir , she eye half open . be she go to wake up ? Taylor slide across the console and lay on top of j.c. taylor ( whisper ) I know what you want ... Taylor nudge she leg apart and kiss she neck . he fumble with the snap of she jeans . j.c. 's eye flash open . she wake up , completely disorient . j.c . what be you ...? Taylor !!! but Taylor be commit to get what he want . taylor hey , do not be a little tease ... Taylor continue to grope she , get forceful . j.c. fight back , rake he face with she nail . 76 . ext . pier Three college boy , jock type , be share a joint as they watch the firework . they react to j.c 's scream . jock # 1 ( rise ) what the hell be that ? int . car j.c. kick and punch Taylor with all she might . taylor you bitch ! Taylor be such a punk , he start to hit she back . he do not notice as he bump the gear shift ... put the car in neutral . ext . car as they struggle , the big mercede slowly roll down a brief incline ... and out onto the short pier angle on college jock they see the car roll straight towards the edge of the pier . jock hey !... hey ! look out ! the mercede the car be slowly lose momentum ... the front wheel go off the edge . int . car j.c. and Taylor both react to the double bump as the front wheel drop . there be a screech of metal on wood as they world tip over towards the water . ext . pier the mercede seesaws , then plunge off the edge of the pier with a huge splash ! 77 . ext . underwater - same time the Alpha Fish turn abruptly at the sound of the splash . the vast formation behind he follow . ext . lake the mercede bob back up and drift out into the lake . int . car Taylor finally realize what 's happen . the water line be already halfway up the window and rise . taylor my car ! you stupid bitch ! ext . underwater the swarm be on the move , wheeling about , swirl towards the sink mercede . shore the jock splash into the water . the car be only a few yard further than the pier . jock # 1 ( to jock # 3 ) get some help . as jock # 3 hurry off , jock # 1 and # 2 wade straight out towards the car . int . mercede the car be quickly sink ; the waterline continue its steady rise up the window . taylor shit ... my dad 's gonna kill I . j.c. try the door , but it 's hold shut by the external pressure of the water . her attempt grow more frantic . 78 . taylor hey , chill out , okay ? the water 's not that deep . the pressure will equalize in a couple of minute . j.c. notice that rush water be quickly fill up the car through the air vent . the two jock appear , up to they chest in the water . j.c. can see they above the split waterline as the car continue to sink . jock # 1 hey ! you okay in there ? taylor fuck off ! we be fine . as j.c. watch , a strange surface turbulence rush at the jock from behind . a swirl shadow darken she view below the surface . the foremost jock be strike by a invisible force so hard he 's spun around ... but he 's still stand , a surprised look on he face . the jock raise he arm above the waterline ... revealing bare , splinter bone stick up from two bloody stump ! the water now explode into churn hell and both jock be pull under . taylor ( gasp ) . what the hell 's happen ? the waterline continue to rise as the mercede sink ... only inch of air space visible along the top of the window . the interior water be three foot deep and rise . angle on window the murky water surround the car be now wash by a deep red ... reduce visibility from bad to zero . j.c. can no longer see anything through the bloody red water it be deathly quiet until ... clack ! clack ! clack ! multiple piranha hit the glass , they deadly tooth mashed against the window , snapping inch from j.c. 's face . she scream . 79 . clack ! clack ! clack ! clack ! clack ! dozen more swim into the glass , literally cover every inch of surface ... camera revolve around j.c. , a terrifying 360 degree view of the nightmarish attack . at the same moment , the interior be rapidly flooding , reach the dash . hundred of snapping mouth fight for position at the window . j.c. scream . taylor shut up !!! I be try to think Taylor stab at a button on the dash ... the sun roof ! it 's still just above the surface of the water , but it do not open . Taylor crank the key in the ignition . the interior light blink on , then instantly short out . taylor shit !!!! he stab the button again ... and the sun roof smoothly whirr open , revealing firework in the starlit sky . taylor ( smile ) yes ! german craftsmanship ... Taylor scramble up out of the sun roof . j.c. hurry after he . ext . lake - same time Taylor and j.c. pull themselves up onto the roof of the sink mercede . the water around they churn with piranhas as the grisly bone of jock # 1 and # 2 bob up to the surface . the shadow of the swarm be immense , swirl around the car on all side . j.c . what be they ?! taylor seriously piss off fish ... they balance on the roof as the slippery blood - darken water inch up on they . Taylor pull open the blade of a pearl - handle penknife . look crazy , but it 's he only defense . 80 . j.c. gaze at the churn water , scared out of she sense . a light appear out on the darkness of the lake . it 's the look Glass ! j.c. a boat ! ( call to boat ) hey , over here ! angle on the looking glass Zack be at the helm . he 's still far away , but he spot they . angle on taylor and j.c . the water wash over they foot ... flood down through the sun roof . taylor shit !!! they be not go to get here in time . the car slowly start to tilt , roll over in the water . j.c. and Taylor balance as best they can . j.c . you think we can swim fast enough ? Taylor get a crazy look in he eye . he suddenly grab j.c. 's wrist and cut deeply across she forearm with the penknife . blood well up . taylor now I only have to swim faster than you . he shove j.c. into the water angle on the looking glass Zack react as he see the young girl throw into the water . zack my god . Zack turn to Julie , who sit in the back of the boat with a blanket wrap around Ted 's shoulder . zack hang on ! Zack slam the throttle forward . nate be throw off he foot and land hard on the deck . 81. angle - the roof of the mercede Taylor dive out as far as he can from the car . the mercede sink from sight with a eruption of bubbles . underwater - j.c. the circle of piranha surge inward , strike at j.c... but j.c. swim under the sink car . piranha p.o.v . - sonar vision j.c. 's silhouette merge with the shape of the car , cause she to disappear as she swim beneath it 's chassis . underwater - car the piranhas 's attack dissolves into confusion as j.c. swim the length of the chassis and come up the other side . closer - alpha fish he wheel about , scan for she . but the formation of fish behind he have break up into a feed frenzy . angle on taylor Taylor swim for he life . he only slow down to make sure the boat see he . taylor ( wave ) please , help !!! j.c. surface a short distance behind he , swim like a qlympic athlete ! Taylor can not believe he eye . he get back into the race , swim for all he 's worth . ext . underwater - alpha fish p.o.v . the piranha 's sonar focus up on two nice loud target splashing away in unison ; j.c. and Taylor . angle on zack he 's astonished to see the turbulence close in on Taylor and j.c. 82 . zack ( to Julie ) take the wheel ! angle on j.c. - underwater she 's swim all out ... then we hear she knee pop as she snap kick . j.c. wince in pain . the looking glass nate take hold of Ted as Julie spring forward and grab the wheel . zack cut it as close to she as you can . julie what be you ...? Zack race to the back of the boat . closer - j.c. she dig into the water fight the pain , power by fear of what 's behind she ... and outrage at the bastard ahead of she she slowly gain on Taylor . Taylor and j.c. be neck and neck . the turbulence be right on top of they , no more than a few foot and close fast . j.c. grab Taylor 's ponytail and jerk back with all she might . Taylor scream like a little girl . j.c. swim right over he . she 's gain a few yard , but the piranha close in for the kill . the turbulence steam roll over Taylor , who 's pull down , shrieking in agony . back on the boat Zack hook a foot in a wide slalom ski in the aft of the boat , grab a coil of tow rope and leap out into the boat 's wake . Zack hit hard , shoot up a wall of spray ... but he hang on and rise up out of the water . Julie bear down on the throttle , head straight for j.c . Zack quickly shoot up over the wake , sail through mid air and land wide of the boat . 83. j.c. she 's swim for all she 's worth , but the churning water roll right over her ! zack leans into the water in a full horizontal . he plow straight into the swarm at full speed . a wall of water explode up . look like a wipe out ! closer then Zack pull free , surfacing with one arm wrap around j.c. , the other still hang onto the tow rope ! he cheat the swarm a split second before it would have stripped j.c. to the bone . the looking glass Julie pull they to safety , then loop the boat around in a u-turn to pick they up . she cut the boat 's engine . nate scramble to the rear of the boat as Zack scramble up the short ladder with j.c . nate pull j.c. in . she collapse to the floor , still wide - eye and panting hard . she grasp she knee in pain . Zack kneel down beside j.c. on the floor of the glass bottom boat . zack ( softly ) take it easy , you be safe now . SHOCK CUT - glass bottom Taylor 's bloody face appear inch from j.c. press up against the glass ... still alive ! he pound he fist on the glass as the piranha rip he flesh from he bone . Zack pull j.c. to the gunnel . when they look back , Taylor 's remain be be drag down into the darkness by the swarm ... go for good . CUT to : 84 . ext . sand bar deck - same time lil 's John be join on stage by the rest of he crew as they hip hop chant reach a crescendo . the crowd jump to the pound beat . ext . sand bar - front entrance rodriguez be do he best to please sheriff dobb . dobb be back up by two of he deputy . dobb we be shutting you down . I want this people out of here , now . rodriguez sheriff , I be sure there must be ... sheriff dobb and he deputy react to a loud off camera screech of rending wood . ext . sand bar - deck angle - pylon the central pylon tear loose and the entire deck finally break free with a terrifying screech of wood and metal . quick cut - party the deck tip down at a gut - wrenching angle send a wave of partygoesr slide across the dance floor ... several hit the rail and flip over into the darkness . angle on bar doorway the sheriff race out and be take by surprise by the sharp angle of the deck . his foot shoot out from under he and he slide straight down into the darkness , past scream patron cling to the wreckage . angle on the water sheriff dobb splashes down in a spray of water . he surface , shocked , gasping for air . sheriff 's p.o.v. dozen of piranha leap up out of the water , tooth flashing . 85 . ext . underwater - taylor 's carcass hundred of piranha fight for the last morsel . Alpha Fish drift up into the foreground , chomping down a bit of Taylor 's flesh . he hear the sound of multiple splashes , and surge forward with deadly purpose . the swarm accelerate like a whirling tornado and stream after he . ext . deck - same time Marcus clutches the bar and hang on as drink slide by he . sydney grab she high bar table , which be bolt to the floor ... but Reggie slide straight down into the tangle of partygoer and slide scream off the deck . he hit the rail at full speed , smashes straight through it . angle on the water Reggie tumble downward and splashes into the water with dozen of other partier . sydney - at the table she scream as a huge crack appear , travel along the deck beneath she foot . the floor under they table be break away . Wood groans as the split grow wider ... then with a deafen roar , the section of deck break away ! master we see it all as half of the party break away . the wood squeal like a huge sequoia go down . pylon crumble . the deck collapse into trash , take dozen of victim with it multiple splashes of people and debris send explosion of spray into the air . reggie surface , sputtering for air just as a half ton of shattered wood swat he like a fly . 86 . ext . water - the looking glass Julie , at the helm , react to the sight of the collapse deck ... the scream of the partygoer . julie oh my god ... Julie watch in stunne disbelief . then she see the turbulence swirl about ... sweeping towards the victim . she hit the gas and veer the boat around . underwater - piranha p.o.v. sonar define dozen of swimmer thrashing in the water as more splash down . alpha fish lead the charge straight at the wide array of victim . the water the piranhas strike ! horrify victim be drag , kick and scream beneath the surface as they water churn with blood . sydney 's table be on the very edge of a sheer drop , tilt at a radical angle . Sydney hang on for dear life as less fortunate tumble by . closer - beneath table two bolt explode off the table 's base . it swing out over the edge as if on a hinge . Sydney cling to the table as it swing down ... and jerk to a halt , hang upside down . she 's whiplash off , scream as she tumble into darkness . moving camera - horror master shot half-skeletal victim thrash in the churn water ( cg and makeup fx ) . a victim who will not give up , drag himself onto shore , cover in lash piranhas . the lower part of he torso be miss ! Sydney break surface in the foreground , scream with half she face tear off . 87 . angle on the looking glass dozen of panicked swimmer grab at the look Glass ... all on one side . they weight threaten to capsize the boat . nate no , no ! do not do that ...! j.c. grab the gunnel for support . Julie gun the engine . but the weight of the swimmer turn the boat in a tight circle ... send it across the wreckage . angle on glass bottom the twisted steel rod of the stump of a pylon scrape along the glass bottom of the boat ... cracking the glass ! angle on the bar it hang at forty - five degree , literally swinging in the wind . Marcus be scared shitless , cling to he swivel chair , one in the row bolt to the bar . he grab a shot of tequila as it slide by , suck it down . carrie what 's happen , Marcus ?! marcus ( freak out ) I do not mean for anybody to get hurt , I ... carrie what ?! you know this would happen ? marcus no , I ... carrie grab he by the collar and pull he across the bar . carrie talk to I , Marcus ! marcus ( start to cry ) the quake ... it bust the pylon somehow . with a ominous groan , the bar tilt further . 88 . carrie what the hell 's in the water ? marcus I do not know , swear to God ... marcus look down one of lil 's John 's powerful spotlight be now point straight down . carrie notice that the shadow of the piranha be avoid the circle of light ... scatter as it swing back and forth . carrie whatever they be , they do not like the light . Marcus now see the look Glass , hang up on wreckage and surround by the mayhem . marcus Holy shit ... Julie ! another angle - water lil 's John and two of he rap crew be strand , cling to a six by six chunk of debris . people be be tear to piece all around they as they makeshift raft tilt / sink . piranhas swarm up the incline , leaping over one another to tear into Rap Crew # 1 and # 2 . they tumble into the churn water , kick and scream . lil 's John hang onto the high tip of the sink wreckage . he pull a 9 mm out of the back of he pants and start blasting away . lil 's JOHN ( freaking ) I eat fish !!! motha fuckin’ fish do not eat I ! and , he 's actually a damn good shot , nail leaping piranha like a skeet shooter . blam ! blam ! blam ! then one snap onto the wrist of he gun hand ! two more strike he throat like arrow and chomp down , tail lash . 89 . lil 's John 's gun finger be still twitching , clicking on empty chamber as a half - dozen piranha strike he bare , tattooe chest . lil 's John finally collapse into the churn water . ext . sand bar - spotlight Marcus stand on carrie 's shoulder , climb the side of the building . marcus c’mon , hurry ! she boost he higher ... Marcus get a hand hold and pull himself up to the powerful spotlight mount on a upper corner of the building . Marcus grab hold and the spotlight flare into camera . ext . water - looking glass Julie gun the engine , but the boat be stick solid . Water seep through the crack in the glass bottom boat . rabid piranhas bump and thrash against it , try to get to they victim . the weaken glass spiderweb further julie Zack ... get Ted ! nate look back ... the entire swarm be now head for they boat . nate there 's nowhere to go ! suddenly the glass bottom burst ! a fountain of piranha spout up onto the deck . the boat be instantly flood with rise water and snapping piranha . Julie drag Ted up on the narrow gunnel as the ship sink . Zack and j.c. scramble up to the high point on the bow , but they be all go down with the ship , no hope in sight julie swim for it ! Zack hold j.c. 's hand as they jump into the water . Julie ease Ted into the water , call to nate. 90 . julie hurry ! nate take a last look behind they . it 's too late . the swarm be almost upon they . they 's 1ll never make it to the shore . Julie plow through the waist - deep water drag Ted ... but turn when she realize that nate be not behind they . julie nate ?! nate grab one of the last waterproof flare in he hand . nate ( to Julie ) go! get out of here ! nate turn back to the rear of the sink boat . Julie have no choice but to continue she race to the shore . nate crack the fuse cap on the flare as he fight he way to the rear of the boat . the bright blue / white flare be nearly blind . a leaping piranha strike nate in the shoulder , rip deep into the flesh . another sink its tooth into he forearm . nate scream as blood gush , but he 's reach he goal ... the big twin engine at the rear of the boat . nate desperately twist off the gas cap . he take a last look at the approach swarm . nate sayonara , you little bastard . nate jam the flare in the open tank just as the swarm reach the boat . ka-thoom ! the half - submerge engine blow in a thunderous ball of fire ... the second engine ignites a split second later . Julie turn back to see the boat rise up out of the water as it 's blow to piece ... fire , spray and fish bit fill the air . the swarm it double back on itself as the fireball erupt . nate have give he life to buy he friend a few precious second . 91 . Julie drag Ted as Zack help j.c. thrash through the water in a race to shore . the swarm regroup and be close in fast ! Julie stumble into a float corpse ... nearly fall with Ted in she arm . zack Julie ! the foremost row of piranhas reach she , leaping up out of the water . suddenly a blinding light pierce the darkness flaring off the water all around they . reverse it 's lil 's John 's spotlight ! Marcus and carrie man the two monster arc light , focus they on we heroes . the swarm scatter , but swirl threateningly just beyond the ring of light . we heroes suddenly have a chance . marcus ( yell ) follow the light ! Julie carry Ted through the waist - deep water . Zack protect j.c. as the angelic shaft of light surround they . piranha thrash a few yard away , angry at lose they meal . ext . bank - continuous a die victim clutches at Julie . she do not pause , but drag Ted straight up the incline , until they be far from harm 's way . ext . shoreline - continuous Zack and j.c. scramble to safety as a fire truck pull up in the b.g . firemen rush to help other still struggle to get out of the water . ext . crest of embankment Julie drop to she knee , exhaust , as she finally reach safety . she carefully ease Ted back onto the soft grass . he look as if he 's close to death . his voice be a barely audible rasp . 92 . ted ...- help I . Julie pull he closer . julie what ... what can I do ? Ted raise he arm , look beyond Julie . she realize he 's point to something behind she . we hear a unsettle electronic hum ... grow louder and louder . Julie turn . julie 's p.o.v. a large trailer be the source of the hum , a heavy - duty gas power generator attach to the back of lil 's John 's equipment truck . it 's the power source for all he light and amp ... park only a few yard away . another angle Julie look from the gennie , back down the embankment . it 's directly in line with the swarm , which be in a feed frenzy on the remain of dozen of victim . ted .. kill they . kill they all . Julie help Ted rise . he lean heavily on she as they make it to the gennie . ext . shoreline - continuous Marcus and carrie hurry down to nate and j.c. firemen tend to victim in the b.g . marcus where 's Julie ? c.u . - generator switch Ted 's finger travel down the row of switch , flick they all to max . we hear the generator 's engine rev loudly in response . the gauge hit red , over a hundred thousand volt . Ted , with great effort , manage to stand on he own two foot . he grab the latch on the trailer hitch , but it will not budge . ted ( to Julie ) ... do it . 93. Julie slam open the trailer hitch . angle on zack as he realize what Julie be about to attempt zack ( softly ) my god ... angle on julie she throw she weight behind the trailer . smoke pour out of the overheate generator . the tire slowly start to roll down the embankment . angle on the survivor everyone 's attention be draw to the huge generator as it crash through the brush , pick up speed . master the generator hit the curb of the retain wall at full speed . do a half - flip , up and over ... beat . there be a deafen clap of thunder and a blind flash of electricity as the half - ton generator hit the surface of the water . a spiderweb of crackling electrical energy dance across the inlet . underwater a_ shuttering electronic pulse rip through the entire swarm . alpha fish Alpha Fish 's eye explode as the arc of power blaze through he the generator it 's a flicker light show as it sink to the bottom of the lake . it short out in a final eruption of fiery bubbles . 94 . the surface beat . one by one , the corpse of the piranha bob to the surface ... dozen ... hundred . the embankment Julie look to Ted , the exuberance of they victory lift she from exhaustion . Ted manage a weary smile . ted it work ... Julie embrace he ; tucking she head into he shoulder . angle on marcus he gingerly pick a smoking piranha carcass up by the tail . marcus check it out ... any of you mother fucker bring tartar sauce ? Marcus take a big crunchy bite out of the piranha 's flank . angle - embankment Julie and Ted appear on the edge of the embankment , gaze down at they handy work . camera boom up from the c.u. of Julie 's haunt , exhaust gaze ... wider over the embankment as Zack run into frame , embrace he brother ... wider as j.c. put a jacket over Julie 's shoulder and firemen step in to help . ambulance and police car finally begin to arrive . end frame reveal the entire inlet , with the fall remain of the deck , dozen of half - eat body ... and hundred of fish carcass float on the calm surface of Lake havasu . fade out .