pirate of the caribbean dead men tell no tale written by Jeff nathanson second draft 5/6/2013 fade in : title card : 1756 -- the great power of the world be at war -- fighting for control of the seas . ext . — OPEN sea . — NORTH atlantic . - day a fierce battle rage in the OPEN sea -- cannon FIRE slam into the side of a french ship ( the courageux ) -- french soldier blown off the deck as more cannonballs rip into her belly -- a french captain ( thurot ) be try to man the wheel as a explosion knock he back . french soldier ( in french ) sir , we're down to six charge -- as the smoke clear the french captain look acrqss at the h.m.s. monarch -- the massive british war ship sailing into frame like a floating skyscraper . the monarch have 100 cannon aimed at the courageux -- ready to FIRE -- the french captain look to he wounded men -- he devastate ship -- and he know it 's over . french captain Strike the color . ext . —- h.m.s. monarch . — sunset the captain of the monarch , captain tom , watch as the french flag be lowered -— — captain tom the surrender have be give . prepare to board ! int . - french ship courageux . - night british soldier have boarded the courageux -- the french wounded and dead dragge to the side . a young british soldier -- henry maddox ( 19 ) -- come up from the hull and yell to he captain -- henry maddox prisoner , sir! civilian . int . — hull of french ship . — continuous below deck a cell be opened , and thirty scare british civilian be released from captivity -- captain tom take they aboard the monarch and give they provision . the last civilian to leave the cage be a young , beautiful woman in her 2ux -- olivia cole . she start to go above deck with the other . > captain tom ( cont ’t - tell we what happen , miss ? olivia my brother and I be sailing aboard the grafton to Hudson Bay when the french run we aground . we have secure work in the Americas -- henry maddox and you brother ? olivia step forward now -- start to cry . maddox hesitate - - then comfort her -- henry maddox ( cont ’d ) you be safe now , miss . on this I promise . olivia will you free the other as well ? captain tom other ? olivia below . int . - bottom hull . - day captain tom walk down into the dark bilge at the bottom of the french ship -- he men leading he -- henry maddox and olivia close behind . olivia I could hear they scream at night , Sir . but then it stop . in the darkest corner of the ship there be four cage -- the stench immediately hitting they all -- captain tom Dead animal ? the cage now illuminated by lantern -- and captain tom sees a glimpse of what be inside . henry maddox no , sir. Witches . four witch in cage . they throat slashed . olivia scare now — — olivia why be they here ? captain tom the french be lose the war -- they people starve . this witch be torture -- force to search for treasure . henry maddox then why be they kill ? captain tom walk toward a huge iron vault that have b&en built into the hull . captain tom perhaps they find what they be look for . the vault door be blown OPEN with gunpowder . as the smoke clear we see a SMALL wooden BOX inside . captain tom take the ancient BOX and slowly open it . inside there be a large yellow diamond -- its color as rich as gold -- its unusual eye shape giving the illusion that the diamond be staring back at he . captain tom ( cont ’d ) the Eye of Poseidon . legend say it once hold its place in the center of the trident . british soldier the trident of Poseidon ? captain tom stare at the eye -- captain tom imagine a navy that could never be defeat . a nation that could never be conquer . to hold the trident be to control more than the sea . it be to control the world . witch the trident exist -- hide where no man can see . one of the witch be alive inside her cage . she 's half dead -- looking up at captain tom -- witch ( cont ’d ) only the Eye can show you the way . the witch move forward in her cage -- look up at tom and smile . witch ( cont 'd ) a storm come for you now . ' tis time , Captain . ' tis time to die . a single shot be fire into the darkness -- the witch be kill in her cage . and captain tom holsters he weapon -- ext . - h.m.s. monarch . - night a heavy STORM lash the monarch , which sail for home through rough seas . captain tom be on deck wath h&3 crew -- wave crashing over the side as they fight the @m™ -r * — first mate we have be blow off course , Sir ! int . — hull of monarch . — continuous down in the hull all of the freed prisoner be riding out the STORM . henry maddox walk toward olivia , who sit alone . he hand her some bread . henry maddox miss -- you should eat something . olivia thank you , Sir . henry maddox Sir ? no , miss , I be no officer . my name be Henry maddox -- Captain 's servant for now . olivia olivia Cole . the ship be rocked by a huge WA 7 olivia ( cont 'd ) Henry , be you not afraid of the storm ? henry maddox I be not scared of anything , miss . they call I '' lucky '' maddox , because not a single man have die since I have come aboard . olivia maybe they be the lucky one . she reach out and take he hand -- look at the scar . olivia ( cont ’d ) this scar be from a sickle . what kind of farm do you come from ? henry maddox we have clover and turnip . and now she show show he her own hand -- which have the same scar . olivia barley and wheat . henry maddox do you miss the harvest ? olivia I dream about it all the time . henry maddox then we dream together . she look down -- realize she 's still holding he hand -—- henry maddox ( cont ’d ) you be not alone , olivia . I x11 protect you . if you like . she lets go of he hand now -- hide a smile . olivia you carry no weapon . henry maddox it 's my first season on the monarch . next month I get my iron . olivia then how could you ever defend I ? henry maddox I tell you . I be lucky . suddenly the ship get rocked by a huge wave -- everyone a bit concerned . ext . - monarch top deck . - night wave batter the ship -- captain tom at the wheel -- captain tom it 's not the wind . it 's the current . she 's pull we in ! first mate into what , Sir ? captain tom into there . through the STORM we see two large rock formation stand guard in the middle of the sea . a thick , heavy fog stand like a door between the two rock -- as lightning flash -- we see a massive body of water lit with a crackling flash -- first mate the devil 's triangle ! captain tom all hand !! now all the soldier on deck furiously working together to try and keep the monarch from sailing into the triangle -— but no matter how hard they try -- the ship be pushed into the fog between the two rock -- the crew watching as the monarch sail in . suddenly everything be calm -- the fog remains thick and ominous . the men uneasy now -- looking down at the water -- which seem to be blood red and bubbling -- steam rising from the surface -— as if they have sailed into the gate of hell -- british soldier ship off the bow ! captain tom that 's no ship . it 's a shipwreck . through the fog and steam a shipwreck appear -- the boat torn apart -- the hull exposed like a gute fish . only this shipwreck be above water -- and somehow it 's not sinking . this be the silent mary -- at first it seem to be drifting -- but then we realize this shipwreck be sailing without sail --— first mate sheas coming right at US !! british soldier scrambling -- captain tom prepare to fight !! and now the ship sail straight through they -- men on deck bracing for impact -- but the impact never come . the soldier terrified now -- watch as the ship sail straight out the other side . first mate Sir ? captain tom prepare the cannon ! int . - hull of monarch . - continuous captain tom come down the stair -- he terrified soldier stand and face he -- captain tom what be you wait for ! ready the gun ! the men don ’t move . noise be heard -— creaking sound . henry maddox stand with olivia in the shadow -- watching . henry maddox olivia , wait here . do not move . dead silence . one of the older soldier step back . old soldier they say to enter this water be to enter the gate of hell . captain tom I all have no talk of that ! more noise now -- as if someone be walking on the deck above they . the lantern go out on there own -- the men clearly horrified -- captain tom ( cont ’d ) take position . the soldier push themselves against the wall -- sweat dripping from there face as they hold there weapon -— looking to the stair and waiting -- the creaking SOUND moving down the MAIN stair -- all eye looking into the darkness -- waiting -- as a shadow appear -— — the soldier ready to FIRE -— as a cat come down the stair -- look at the men and scamper off . the men relieved -- nothing more than a cat -- suddenly a pair of hand come through the wall of the ship - - hand and arm reaching for a soldier and grabbing he throat -- the soldier scream -- firing he weapon straight into another soldier -- more hand coming through now -- we don ’t see any head or body -- just hand and arm coming through the floor -- through the ceiling -- and now hand be everywhere -- grabbing neck to break -- cutting throat -- soldier firing there gun -- shoot each other as bullet pierce the hull -— henry running now -- moving toward olivia who be frozen with fear . he grab her and pull her through the ship -— water pouring into the ship -- hand coming from all direction now as men be thrown violently into the side of the ship -- other getting choked where they stand . captain tom turn to fight -- run right into a sword -- henry pulling olivia toward the back stair . olivia what 's happen !! henry maddox come with I ! ext . — monarch . - night as soldier be attacked all around they , henry and olivia be running to the stern of the monarch . henry glance back - - know they be running out of time --— henry maddox you have to get off the ship ! henry grab the top of a barrel -- throws it into the ocean -— — henry maddox ( cont ’d ) go now . I ’m go to distract they . henry look back -- sees a soldier drop to the deck -- and a man look toward he -- a man with a bullet hole in he head . olivia we have to go together ! ! henry maddox get as far away as you can !! olivia henry -- promise you'll find I ! henry maddox you have my word . and now henry take olivia and throws her off the back of the ship . she land in the water -- grab for the top of the barrel lid and pull herself up -- he watch as she float over the wave -- there eye locked on each other for a beat -— henry turn back to the ship -- the man with the bullet hole be coming toward he -- and henry take off running -- moving quickly across the ship and under the sail as he sprint in a wild blur toward the bow -- where four ghost stand and wait for he -- as he turn back he run straight into four more -- the boy surrounded now -- terrified -- no place to run . ghost the last one . int . - monarch hull . - continuous we see the ghost of captain JOHN brand stand over the wooden BOX -- he back to US -- he face hidden in the shadow . he slowly reach in -- pull out the yellow diamond -- hold '' the eye '' up to the light -- captain brand the Eye have come home . henry maddox be bring downstair by the ghost -- and captain brand slowly walk toward he -- captain brand ( cont ’d ) no need to be afraid , boy . henry glance out a gunner 's window -- sees olivia floating away from the ship -- as captain brand move toward he -- face still hidden -- but we can see he throat have be CUT . he voice be strained and horrifying -- a bloody hanger sword in he hand . captain brand ( cont ’d ) today be you lucky day . I always keep one man alive . behind captain brand we see that all of he dead men have be assembled -- the ghost all line up behind he in the darkness . captain brand ( cont ’d ) one man to tell the tale . title up : dead men tell no tale 10 . int . - saint martin . - day a busy caribbean island -- men in suit and women with parasol . a distinguished crowd have formed in the middle of saint martin -- everyone watching as the mayor stand in front of the royal bank . mayor today we dedicate the Royal Bank of Saint Martin -- the most secure banking institution in the Caribbean . behind the bank -- guard have be knocked cold -- pirate be using rope to pull themselves up toward a SMALL window at the back of the bank -- mayor ( cont 'd ) we new vault be make from crucible steel . she be five inch thick -- stand as tall as any man and weigh a imperial ton . she will never be steal or rob -- the pirate make it through the OPEN window -- inside the bank -- the pirate descend on the massive vault in the CENTER of the room . they tie rope to the bottom of the vault -- quickly move toward a SMALL hole that have be CUT into the back of the bank -- rope be fed through the hole -- while outside the bank -— — gibb and scrum each grab the rope -- quickly move toward horse and carriage -- four team waiting -- mayor ( cont 'd ) the Governor have place he personal gold reserve inside this new branch -- a bank protect by the Royal Guard ! pirate be tying rope to four carriage -- mayor ( cont 'd ) with the open of this bank -- we enter the modern world ! as the bank door OPEN and a band start to play -- the pirate smack there horse -- rope pulled tight from the carriage to the back of the bank -- gibb and scrum at the reins of the lead wagon -- horse inching forward -- straining as the rope pull tight -- inside the bank we see the rope tighten around the vault -- 11 . but the vault doesn ’t move -- gibb she won ’t budge !! we suddenly see jack sparrow stand on the roof of the bank -- pistol in one hand -- a jug of rum in the other as he yell down to the people of saint martin . jack sparrow Excuse I . if I could have you attention for just one moment . the crowd reacting as jack step to the edge of the roof -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) I be wonder if you would not mind help I to rob this bank . ten gun be immediately pointed up at jack -- the royal guard taking position . mayor you be a mile from the sea , pirate ! lower you weapon or you will be shot . jack sparrow be shot will do just fine . jack fire a single shot into the AIR -- the royal guard open FIRE as jack dive back on the roof all of the horse spooked by the gunfire -- four team of horse rearing up now -- pulling hard -- as the vault slide across the floor of the bank -- slam hard into the back door -- mayor what 's happening ! ! jack sparrow we be take the vault . but the vault be too big -- get caught between the iron door -- stuck inside the bank -- horse straining -- pulling with all they 've got -- jack on the roof -- feel the vibration underneath he -- more shot fire -- and jack suddenly realize what 's about to happen -- as wooden corner support shatter around the bank -- 12 . and now the entire build start to move as the bank be pulled into the STREET behind the bank -- people diving out of the way as the bank slide through the middle of town -- pirate at the helm of the wagon -- all of they urging there horse forward -- as the build start to pick up speed -- the royal guard chasing the bank -- start to OPEN FIRE -- the rope tight and pulling the build faster and faster -- mayor they 're steal the bank !! jack tossed around on the roof -- try to stay on he feet - the horse turning a sharp corner -- half the bank crashing into another build -- wall crashing and crumbling as the roof cave in -- and jack drop straight down -- land on top of the vault -- the pirate picking up speed as they pull the bank out of town -- about to ride under a stone bridge cross road -- jack seeing the bridge up ahead -- realize the bank won ’t clear the cross road -- jack sparrow Bridge . bridge !!! the horse speed under the bridge while the bank slam into it -- jack jumping to bridge -- running across as the entire build get stuck in the open -- the vault crashing through the bank wall and popping out the other side -- as jack jump off the back of the bridge and land on top of the vault -- the horse pulling it toward the distant sea . as the royal guard pull up to the bridge -- sees there mangle bank crumbled up inside the open -- blocking the only road out of town . ext . - jack 's ship ( the dying gull ) . - later that day the vault be now sitting in the middle of a very SMALL , dilapidated ship -- a ship which resembles a floating barge . 13 . the sail be torn and the men be jammed together like sardine . nobody move as a fuse be lit and the vault door be blown OPEN . as the smoke clear jack slowly reach in -- pull out a single gold coin . he turn to see he crew staring at he . jack sparrow I tell you robbing a bank would be easy . jack make he way back to the wheel of he ship -- look out at the horizon . pirate # 2 you promise each of we a bar of gold . it 's be month since we have see any spoil , Captain . jack quickly pocket the single gold coin -- jack sparrow be I to be blame for the monetary failure of the man I steal from ? now line up so I may collect you daily tribute . pirate # 2 tribute ? we be starve , Captain . yesterday we eat a rat . jack sparrow it be a very big rat . luckily the ship be overrun with they -- and I charge very little for each . scrum they be quite tasty . pirate # 3 I all pay no tribute ! we will never find treasure on a ship such as this . pirate # 2 I hear the pirate William kidd be look for hand -- have a ship with a hundred cannon . pirate # 3 not to mention he ball -- 18 pound each they say ! jack sparrow well -- it 's not the size that matter . 14 . pirate # 2 we be down to three cannonballs . face it , Captain , you luck have run aground . the men slowly move toward jack with weapon in hand -- gun and knive -- jack sparrow let I remind you all that without I you would all be poor , destitute , unwanted miscreant . gibb Jack , even with you we appear to be poor , destitute , unwanted miscreant . jack sparrow then I guess my secret must be share . pirate # 2 secret ? jack sparrow there 's a treasure in Port Royal that will change we fortune forever . I can not speak its name -- as it have yet to come to I -- but there will soon be jewel stuff in every man 's pocket . and that of you without pocket can shove they somewhere else . pirate # 2 jewel ? jack sparrow diamond ! or my name be not Captain Jack sparrow . the men cheer now -- just as a rat scurry by on deck . jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) that one 's on I . the men rush off as jack turn back to the wheel . gibb step up next to he . gibb Sir , I fear you be about to lose command of this rotting ship . perhaps it 's time to go ashore . jack sparrow ashore ? 15 . gibb just for a year or two . it be a good run , Jack -- but it would seem you luck have turn . this be hard for gibb to say . gib it 's over , Captain . jack hold up the black pearl -- which be still trapped inside the bottle . jack sparrow nothing be over , Mr. Gibbs . all I need be my ship to put thing right . gibb you have spend year try to free the Pearl from she bottle -- rubbed magic oil from cape raye and sorcerer 's salt from pimlico ! you even dance naked in dove 's cove . jack sparrow dove 's cove have nothing to do with the Pearl . I just feel like dance . jack turn to gibb now -— — jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) you say it 's over . I say it 's time to knock on a Red door in Port Royal . gibb a Red door ? no , Jack -- that witch talk to the devil himself . jack sparrow I have no choice , Gibbs . I can not be Captain Jack sparrow without my ship . and I can not have my ship without a witch . ext . - port royal . - kingston harbor . - day a british army wagon roll by full of women -- local '' witch '' rounded up and heading for the jail . soldier on foot trailing the wagon -— — british soldier Witches of Port Royal , by order of Admiral scarfield turn yourselves in . no good will come from hide -- you will be find by the british navy . 16 . the wagon pass by carina smyth ( 29 , beautiful ) as she emerge from between two building . she be hiding in the shadow -- a woman on the run . carina wear a plain white dress -- no glove or hat -—- and quickly move through town until she stop in front of a shop . the sign read : swift 's chart house . and underneath -- no dog , slave or women allowed carina glance in the window -- the place be swimming with map . chart . ship log , all pile floor to ceiling . int . — swift 's chart house . - day carina slowly walk in the front door of the store -- look around like a kid in a candy shop . mr . swift do you not see the sign , miss ? mr . swift ( fat and repellent ) step away from a giant map he’s working on and slowly walk toward her . carina smyth Sir , I require a lens . one strong enough to capture venus . and now swift recognize her -- mr. swift you . they be look for you . you be one of they ! carina smyth no . please -- I can pay you -- carina take out some coin -- sets they on the counter -- mr. swift witch ! there 's a witch in my store !!! as swift rush to the back of he store carina quickly turn toward a shelf -- find a sextant telescope -- not sure where to put it -- end up shove it inside her dress . she be about to leave when she spot a large telescope facing out the window -- she look through the lens for a beat -- then slowly move the telescope a quarter inch to the right -- mr . swift ( cont 'd ) stop !! carina step back as mr. swift come out from the back -- aim a gun at her -- 17 . mr . swift ( cont 'd ) what do you think you be do ? that telescope be make by -- carina smyth Sir Frederick herschel . I know . the gun be shaking in swift 's hand -- he face full of rage . mr . swift no woman have ever touch my herschel . carina smyth with apology , Sir . you celestial fix be slightly off . I move it two degree North . mr . swift you -- you -- what !? carina smyth which mean that map you have almost complete -- I be afraid you will have to start over . swift glance back at he map -- which cover a entire wall . while he’s distracted carina quickly rush past he into the STREET -- mr . swift start over ... ext . - swift 's . - continuous carina rush into the STREET , where several british soldier be waiting for her -- including admiral scarfield . he grab her , place a gun at her head . admiral scarfield carina Smyth -- you will never again cast black magic toward the sky . carina smyth Black magic ? you must be mistaken , Sir . I sew uniform for the haberdasher each day -- the sextant drop from her dress -- shatter to the ground . admiral scarfield I will see you die , witch . put she in the wagon ! carina smyth Sir , please , let I explain ! the men grab carina -- drag her off to the wagon . 18 . ext . - barbossa 's ship ( queen anne 's revenge ) . - day the queen anne be overflowing with spoil -- statue and porcelain bowls -- silk scarve and rug stacked on the deck . barbossa 's men have docked in ST . jame -- the pirate celebrate there latest conquest -- two pirate fight over a pair of candle stick -- another pirate be urinating in a chinese vase -- the men be eating like king and drinking from barrel -- the exact opposite of jack 's ship -- int . — captain 's quarter . - queen anne 's. -— continuous barbossa sit alone at he desk quietly settling account -- a stack of silver coin in front of he to be counted . he quarter be full of stolen good from every corner of the world -- and he can hear the men celebrate on deck -— — barbossa open a drawer to find a feathered pen -- pull out a SMALL portrait of a woman . the painting be creased and cracked -- fit in the palm of he hand . the woman be dark - — haire , beautiful -- clearly a ghost from he past . he look at the portrait for a beat -- then sets it back in the drawer as he door open . pintel Sir , we know you say never to disturb you -- ragetti or to come in without good cause -- pintel or to speak without first ask ourselves if we thought be absolutely necessary -- ragetti like the ship be on fire -- you would want to know that . pintel but it 's not on fire -- that be a example of a necessary think . the two men be suddenly thrown against the wall -—- pinned back from the force of blackbeard 's sword -- which be out and pointed at they -— 19 . barbossa state you business before I OPEN you throat ! ragetti we just come from town , sir. the british be enraged -- round up pirate and witch as they wish . in no time they will find they way to the Queen Anne . pintel it seem one of they ship go miss . the monarch lose to the triangle -- a full crew murder at sea . barbossa and how do they know this ? pintel a survivor , Sir . one man live to tell the tale . and now barbossa look at they -- he wheel spinning . barbossa where be he ? ext . —- port royal . - night the seedy underbelly of port royal have come alive at night -- with derelict , whore and drunk all over the beach . jack and scrum make there way under the dock , move past a series of shack until they see one with a blood red door . they both stop -- clearly nervous -- jack sparrow the red door . do not look so bad , scrum . you go first . scrum Jack , I do not keep company with witch . all of they cover in wart and boil . make I miss my mum . jack sparrow you mother be a witch ? scrum just incredibly ugly . jack sparrow nothing to be afraid of , scrum . except that two-head dog . 20 . a two - head dog be growling at they by the red door -- scrum I be not go in there . even the redcoat be afraid to touch she . let 's escape before it 's too late . suddenly the door to the shack slowly open on its own -- jack sparrow I believe it 's too late to be too late . and jack and scrum stare in at melia -- a young , beautiful naked woman hiding in the shadow by the firelight . her long hair cover her body as she pour a cup of tea from a kettle . melia I have be expect you , Jack sparrow . would you like some tea ? scrum and jack stare in at melia -- a vision of female perfection . scrum I could go for a spot of tea . and scrum lead the way inside . int . - melia 's shack . - night scrum and jack make there way toward melia -- the light from the FIRE casting a glow across her beautiful face and hidden body . jack sparrow I have bring you some gold . jack hold up the one gold coin -- melia pull out a sharp knife and slowly move toward they . she cut her own hand -- lets the blood drip into the pot of boiling water -- which immediately flame up -- scrum on second think -- I 'il pass on the tea . melia each time I cast a spell it cost I a piece of myself . this be the price I pay for step to the other side . the question be -- what price will you pay to be Captain of the Pearl again ? jack sparrow name it and I shall pay it . 21 . melia step closer -- take the knife and cut jack finger . melia you blood . this be the price you agree to pay when you come through my red door . she get close to jack now -- tastes the blood on he finger . jack sparrow might explain why you be not very busy . she look at the pearl -- the ship floating inside the bottle . melia my power be not strong enough . you be the one who will free the Pearl . jack sparrow I ? melia it will be free when you find the trident of Poseidon . jack sparrow hard to find something when you be not look for it . melia but you be -- you just do not know it yet . you will find the map no man can read -- which will lead you inside the Devil 's triangle . this be where the trident lie . scrum Jack -- do she say Devil 's -- jack sparrow time to go ! jack and scrum quickly rushing to leave -- but the door slam shut in front of they . melia you be wise to fear the triangle . Captain brand remain where you leave he . wait 16 year to take the life that take he own . jack turn to her now -- more than a bit concerned . 22. jack sparrow have it be 16 year ? i’11 bet he 's forget all about I -- melia 's pot boiling over now -- and in the seething water they suddenly see what she sees -- two SMALL ship fighting inside the pot -- a battle taking place . melia this be a battle from you past . you sink he ship -- leave he to sink beneath the gate of hell -- imprison in the triangle . and like all who die there , he spirit will not rest until he have he revenge . jack sparrow he will have to wait a bit longer -- as I have no plan to visit . melia you have no choice . if you want to live . in her pot we suddenly see the eye -- the yellow eye staring back at they . melia ( cont 'd ) the dead Captain hold the Eye of Poseidon -- the key to find the trident . and with the trident -- he will finally be free . jack sparrow free ? metaphorically ? melia free to take he revenge on you . you only hope be to find the trident before he do . jack sparrow so let I get this straight . you be say the only way for I to live , be to sail into the one place on earth I be sure to die ? melia the Devil 's triangle be you destiny . jack sparrow sorry -- do not believe in destiny . get in the way of opportunity . she walk 23 . melia there be no escape it . tonight you will be marry , have two child , and kill 46 man in cold blood . scrum go to be a busy night . melia you come here to save a ship , to save you name . but you only hope be to save you life . jack sparrow and if I refuse to chase the ghost of my past ? over -- draw jack 's sword from he belt . melia then brand will use this sword to cut you throat . the door open behind they now . melia ( cont 'd ) you destiny be seal , Jack sparrow . find the trident or die . ext . —- port royal . - night jack and scrum rush out of melia 's shack -- both a bit rattled as they look up at the moon . scrum we never should have go there , Jack . we have to find the map no man can read , which you be already look for -- but just do not know it . jack sparrow if I can not read it , then why would I look for it ? scrum but that naked witch say you throat will be cut by you own sword . do I mention she be naked ? jack draw he sword -- casually toss it into the ocean . jack sparrow Problem solve . 24 . int . - king GEORGE pub . - port royal . - later that night british soldier be searching for someone inside the pub -- rousing drunk and derelict . jack and scrum walk into the king GEORGE -- jack sparrow you see , scrum . my only destiny be a bottle of rum and a warm bed upstairs . that witch be a charlatan , a two bit four-flusher ... scrum Jack -- be that you sword ? a fisherman have CUT OPEN he net and dropped he catch on the bar -- fish flopping everywhere . in the pile of fish we see that jack 's sword have dropped onto the bar . jack sparrow no . must be a fish . a swordfish . the largest of the fish flip its tail and knock the sword onto the floor -- where it 's quickly kicked across the dirt by a drunk -- then kicked by a couple dancing -- the sword eventually landing right at jack ’'s feet . jack slowly bend down to pick it up -- scrum horrified --— scrum that appear to be a double -edge bone and steel cutlass with a slight nick at the tip . jack sparrow no . there be no destiny ! jack quickly open a barrel of rum -- drop the sword inside and then head for the door -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) we will try a different pub ! as he turn to leave jack walk straight into a gun -- the weapon aimed at he head . pig kelly well , if it be not the pirate who steal my ship ! Jack look at pierre '' pig '' kelly and he four large men -- all holding weapon . jack sparrow pig -- I have be look for you . want to give you this gold coin as compensation for borrow the gull. 25 . jack hold up the gold coin -- which pig take . pig kelly you have be sailing on my ship . jack sparrow you have three . and this one 's not much of a ship . one gun , leak in the hull , rat everywhere . scrum which be delicious by the way . pig kelly you ’1ll settle you debt here and now . jack sparrow of course , pig . name you price . pig kelly her name be beatrice . and she 's my daughter . beatrice walk up to they now -- stare at jack . pig kelly ( cont ’d ) she 's a midwife -- no respectable man will have she . you will do just fine . kelly and he men start to laugh . jack sparrow I ' 1l do what ? pig kelly marry she . take she off my hand forever . to clear you debt . beatrice spit on the floor -- smile at jack with yellow teeth . beatrice the honeymoon suite be wait upstairs . jack sparrow remind I of the other option ? pig kelly a bullet in you eye . jack sparrow scrum , go find I a eye patch . pig kelly last chance . 26 . gun cocked -- jack about to be shot -- jack sparrow as a Captain I will officiate the ceremony . how 's next Tuesday ? pig kelly say '' I do '' or die . jack sparrow I be try . have a bit of a midwife crisis . suddenly two horrible child come rushing up to jack -- kide pappa ! pappa ! scrum Jack , you remember the witch say you would be marry with kid ?! jack sparrow I do . pig kelly congratulation ! and now ten british soldier come bursting into the pub -- surround jack and place he under arrest . british soldier Jack sparrow , in the name of the King you be under arrest . you kill 46 man in cold blood aboard the h.m.s. monarch . jack stare at the wife -- the kide -- the soldier . everything the witch say have come true . scrum Jack -- can you find out if she have a sister ? int . - hospital room . - insane asylum . - island port . - day a hospital / insane asylum be full of soldier back from the war -- many injured or unfit to serve . a injured henry maddox lie in a hospital bed staring out the window . he’s looking out to sea -- he eye blank -- the horror of he ordeal still etched across he face . a doctor be taking he pulse -- holding a finger at he neck . suddenly the finger be replaced by a sword -- 27 . henry slowly turn -- stare up at hector barbossa and he crew . they be in full pirate accouterment -- and nurse and doctor be backing away in fear . barbossa it be say one lucky man survive the massacre of the monarch . a Captain 's servant now without he sense find alive at sea -- who tell of murderous ghost fill the ocean with blood . barbossa leans in now -- keep he sword at henry' throat . barbossa ( cont 'd ) I have come to hear the tale . henry maddox nobody believe in ghost storey . barbossa try I . henry maddox there be a diamond on a french ship -- a yellow diamond find by witch -- barbossa a diamond in the shape of a eye ? some say it be the key to unlock the trident . as the legend go . henry maddox they take it aboard the monarch -- and we be attack by man -- dead man lead by a Captain brand . the name clearly register with barbossa . henry maddox ( cont ’d ) will you take I back there , Sir ? barbossa you wish to return ? henry maddox I leave someone alive . her name be olivia -- and I make a promise to find she -- to save she . and that be what I will do . barbossa sorry , boy . I do not sail with redcoat . barbossa turn to leave -— 28 . henry maddox the Eye will be he forever . there be no one to challenge a murderous ghost with a taste for blood . barbossa blood be common currency . maybe he desire something far more valuable . henry maddox what would that be ? barbossa the one thing all dead man seek . revenge . int . - british prison . - port royal . - day jack be be held down by two british soldier as he get beaten by admiral scarfield -- admiral scarfield we believe the massacre of the monarch be the work of pirate . you do not kill my man without pay a heavy debt . jack sparrow how about I marry you daughter ? and now scarfield hit he hard across the jaw -- admiral scarfield a pirate be responsible for butcher that man . which mean a pirate shall die for it . jack sparrow have you consider the work of William kidd ? I hear he ship have over 100 gun -- seem to be have a very good year . admiral scarfield William kidd do not sail in this water . but you do -- jack sparrow what about Red beard ? he 's very tough -- and that beard -- it 's very red . you would get a nice crowd to see he die . admiral scarfield you pirate think you can challenge we ? we be the british navy -- and we control the seas . 29 . jack look up at he now -- jack sparrow no one can control she . the ocean be as free as a pirate -- always will be . admiral scarfield but you be not free . you be guilty of murder and will face a public execution . how would you like to die ? hanging , fire squad , or a new invention -- the guillotine . jack sparrow guillotine . sound french . I love the french . how bad can it be ? int . - prison cell . - day the british command in port royal have filled there jail with witch -- women of all shape and size crammed into cell and waiting to be execute . jack be taken down to the jail by two guard . as he pass by one of the cell he casually say hello to he father -— — who be also waiting to be execute . jack sparrow how be ya , dad ? teague never better , Jackie . what be you in for ? jack sparrow destiny . you ? teague lechery . by the way , if you be get disembowel ask for Victor . jack sparrow excellent tip . what do you know of the Eye of Poseidon ? teague Witches find it . that 's why they have arrest they all -- they want the diamond back . jack sparrow if they be search for the Eye -- they be go after the trident as well . the british grab jack -- try to pull he away . 30 . teague every nation at war be search for the trident , Jackie . but it can never be find -- as it rest in Poseidon 's watery grave . jack sparrow the tomb of posedion ? teague a tomb never to be disturb , Jackie . for no man should hold the sea in he hand . the british pull jack down the hall , and jack yell back to he father . jack sparrow dad -- how do you choose to die ? teague guillotine . sound french . and I love the french . jack be thrown into cell near the front of the prison -- a bunch of cutthroat staring at he . int . — jack ship ( the dying gull ) . - day scrum be facing gibb and the rest of jack crew -- who all seem confuse as they stand on the MAIN deck . pirate # 1 do not make no sense , scrum . why would Jack get marry and not invite any of we ? pirate # 2 maybe he 's ashamed of we . scrum you be not follow -- pirate # 1 and why would he kill 46 man in cold blood ? pirate # 2 on he wedding day no less . scrum the point be -- Jack 's be arrest . pirate # 1 since we do not attend the wedding -- be we oblige to make a offer of gift ? 31 . gibb he 's about to be kill straight away ! we have to do something . pirate # 3 and why would we do that ? seem to I he 's lie to we , fleece and swindle we at every turn . pirate # 2 and when we be go straight . gibb be you forget the diamond ! know Jack he 's probably get he hand on that treasure right now ! pirate # 2 there be no treasure . just another lie from Captain sparrow . gibb aye . but a lie from Jack sparrow always lead to another lie -- a bigger lie -- a lie that on occasion lead to a grain of truth . the men look at gibb now -- gibb ( cont 'd ) so if you be want you share of this lie -- you will have to save he ! int . - jail cell . - day from inside he cell , jack look at the witch directly across from he . they be crammed into there cell -- a charmless and unruly bunch of hag -- with the exception of one near the back wall . carina smyth be furiously writing on the wall -- the cell cover with strange equation -- impossible to understand . jack look at her -- at the number -- as the other witch surround her . witch so what 's this marking on the wall then ? witch # 2 caste spell no doubt . she 's go to free we all from the hangman 's noose ! carina smyth I be no witch . 32 . they all laugh at her -— — witch tell we then -- what be it you be scribbling there ? what be all that number ? carina smyth it 's a equation from Galileo 's diary . I believe it 's part of a map . jack sparrow what kind of map ? carina turn to he -- look across at he with piercing blue eye . carina smyth you would not understand . it 's a map -- jack sparrow -- no man can read . and now carina walk to the bar --— and jack get to he feet -- know he destiny be stand directly across from he -- that she alone can lead he where he need to go . mtherem just one SMALL problem . british soldier open the cell . it 's time to die . ext . - public execution square . - port royal . - day the town square be filled with prisoner waiting to be kill . a crowd of local be cheering , scream , enjoying the spectacle of public execution . close on a terrified pirate locked inside the guillotine , praying to himself . the executioner pull the switch , and the blade come down hard -- the man 's head rolling into a basket . jack stand next to the guillotine watching this with a look of sheer repulsion on he face . jack sparrow so that 's a guillotine ? they drag jack up to the guillotine -- OPEN the lock --— jack sparrow ( cont 'd ) I have change my mind . like to go with fire squad . be there someone I could talk to ... british soldier silence ! 33. jack sparrow the french be obviously sick people . how about a good old - fashioned stone -- get the crowd involved . they shove jack into the guillotine and try to lock he in . jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) there 's quite a bit of blood on there . and a good portion of neck . on the other side of the square carina smyth be stand on the gallow platform -- a noose around her neck . she take carina smyth this will be the last word of carina Smyth . out a piece of paper and begins to read . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) good sir -- I be not a witch and have never practice witchcraft . but I forgive you common dim - wittedness and feeble brain incapable of educate think . in short , most of you have the mind of a goat -- Jack yell out from the guillotine . jack sparrow if I could request a word . be it not common practice for that be execute to be offer a last meal ? carina smyth Sir , I believe I be make a point . if you could just be patient . jack sparrow my head be about to be lopped off -- hence the urgency . carina smyth and my neck be to be break . jack sparrow on occasion the neck do not break . carina smyth what ? jack sparrow I have see man swing for hour -- the life slowly choke out of they . eye bulg , tongue swell -- not pretty . 34 . carina smyth May I finish ! jack sparrow the point be -- it 's entirely possible you still have hour leave to whisper you last word , whereas my head will soon be in this basket stare up at my lifeless body -- which happen to be famish ! carina smyth go ahead and kill he . I x11 wait . jack sparrow I would not hear of it . Witches first . carina smyth I am not a witch ! be you not listening ? jack sparrow hard to listen with the mind of a goat ! admiral scarfield enough ! kill they both !! carina 's hand be tied behind her back -- and jack watch as the executioner step forward . british soldier we now put to death the pirate jack sparrow -— jack sparrow might starve to death first -- british soldier -- and the witch carina smyth . carina smyth not a witch . never be a witch . british soldier on this day before the good people of port royal -- may GOD have mercy on there soul -- at the guillotine the executioner hit the switch -- jack close he eye -- but as the blade drop a explosion rock the town -— the top half of the guillotine have be blown off -- the blade flying into two soldier and cutting they down -- 35 . a cannon have be dragge to the middle of town by jack crew -- exhausted pirate stand behind it -- scrum and gibb quickly reloading as the rest of jack crew draw there sword -- the british have be caught off guard -- scramble for position -- admiral scarfield pirate ! ! the crowd taking cover as the pirate attack -- scrum FIRE !! the cannon firing again -- taking out the soldier from the firing squad -- jack get to he feet -- start to fight the soldier around he -- which be hard to do with he head and hand still in the lock of the guillotine -- carina watching the chaos from the gallow -- try to free herself -- a pirate fighting a british soldier right in front of her -- the two men moving around the drop switch -- exchanging blows -- as a third cannon ball hit the wall of a build -- soldier crushed by falling stone -- — admiral scarfield pull back ! the handful of british start to retreat -- take cover --— as the british soldier be knocked cold right in front of carina -- fall next to the drop switch -- missing it by inches --— until he hand land right on top of it -- and the floor open under her -- carina dropping straight down as she begins to hang -- choking in the square -- jack rushing toward scrum and gibb -- jack sparrow the girl ! FIRE the cannon !! gibb there 's no more cannonballs ! 36 . and jack grab the last prisoner head from the basket -- shove it inside the cannon -- kick the cannon toward carina and the gallow -- jack sparrow FIRE !!! the cannon fire -- the head sailing across the town square and cutting straight through the top of the gallow -- the rope snapping and carina dropping hard to the ground -— slamming her head as sheas knocked cold . the smoke clear -- and now we see a full regiment of british soldier coming down from the MAIN fort -- which be perched high on a hill above the to ! -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) collect the girl , Mr. Gibbs . it 's time to leave Port Royal . ext . - harbor . - day jack , scrum and gibb rush with the rest of the crew to board the dying gull -- the unconscious carina carried onto the ship -— - gibb shove off , boy ! jack sparrow un-lash the boot and bring the draw -- jack at the wheel -- a voice causing he to freeze -- pig kelly you think I be let you take my ship ? again ? jack turn to see pig kelly stand behind he on deck --— gun drawn and aimed at jack ’'s forehead . jack sparrow well , pig , it would appear you have no choice . pig kelly how do you figure ? a gun be now place at kelly 's head . the weapon cocked -- beatrice step away from I husband . beatrice have her own gun out -- aim it at her father . she spit -- and her father can hardly believe what 's happening . 37 . pig kelly this loathsome pirate be try to steal my ship . beatrice he 's already steal I heart . jack take the gun from kelly 's hand as several pirate grab he from behind . jack sparrow thank you , darling . but I really must go now . my best to the child . jack at the wheel -— jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) draw the main ! we be shove off to race the gallow ! as the dying gull head out to sea -- beatrice and pig kelly stand on the dock watching they go --— beatrice i'll be waiting ! pig kelly 's own men approach with gun drawn -- OPEN FIRE on the gull -- as pig motion to another ship in the harbor --— pig kelly ready the Essex ! we will chase she down before the sun set . ext . - jack 's ship . - day jack smile as he look out at the horizon -- happy to be at sea again . scrum next to he -— scrum the crew will not stand for a woman , Jack . scrum motion to carina -- still unconscious on the deck -- jack sparrow she will lead I to the trident . scrum but a woman on board bring nothing but bad luck . and raby . jack sparrow frivolous superstition , Mr. scrum . as you can see , luck be steadfast on my side . 38 . one of the crew member approach jack with a sword . pirate # 1 good news , Captain . I find this in town this morning . it be inside a empty barrel of rum -- the crew member hold up the sword -- hand it to jack . pirate # 1 ( cont ’d ) I believe it 's yours . a double -edge bone and steel cutlass -- jack sparrow yes ! I can see it 's mine ! jack look terrified as he slowly reach out to grab he own sword -- glance at a terrified scrum -- scrum it 's be a pleasure know you . and jack toss the sword into the sea -- int . - barbossa 's ship . - day barbossa be at the wheel of the queen anne 's revenge -- eyeing the sea as he hold blackbeard 's sword . pintel and ragetti approach he -- both a bit hesitant . pintel Sir , not that it 's we place to ask question -- ragetti or to question the answer that you may give to such a question -- pintel which by right -- you need not answer -— ragetti but the man be ask to which port we sail ? see as that british soldier mention the name of a Captain brand . pintel a Captain as dead as any man who dwell at the bottom of the sea . ragetti and he crew -- very dead man one and all . as the tale be tell . 39 . barbossa tell the man we be search for the trident of Poseidon . a treasure so powerful it put all other to shame . ragetti but we ship be full of treasure , sir. barbossa imagine all the warring nation have to bid for they own survival . a King 's ransom the like of which no pirate have ever see ! this be the power of the trident -- the last treasure any man need hold . pintel and ragetti look confuse now . pintel last treasure ? barbossa now be the time to find a tranquil island -- a place to put my leg up . the trident will be the last treasure this hand possess . pintel and this Captain brand ? what should we tell the crew ? barbossa tell they we be about to tap on he door -- see if he 's home . and now we see the outline of the triangle in the distance -- the three border island forming a vision of nautical horror — - dark cloud and fog resting above the water -- barbossa ( cont 'd ) gentlemen -- welcome to the Devil 's triangle ! two large rock formation serve as the entrance -- and barbossa be sailing straight for they -- using blackbeard 's sword to make way . and now barbossa calmly sail he ship straight toward the devil 's triangle -- use he sword to control the wind in he sail -- the crew staring out at the triangle in the distance -- all of they immediately aware of there fate . ext . -— jack 's ship . - day jack take a bucket of water -- throws it on carina -- 40 . carina cough up water -- soaking wet and furious as she get to she foot -- look around at Jack -- the ship -- the crew . all the men staring at her now . she back away from they all -- clearly scare -- carina smyth how do I get here ? where be you take I ? jack sparrow be that the thanks I get for save you neck ? carina smyth you be that pirate -- Jack sparrow . jack sparrow Captain Jack sparrow . carina smyth what do you want with I ? where be my diary ? jack hold up her diary . jack sparrow it 's just a bunch of number . I '’11 be need that map . the map no man can read . carina smyth if you could read it -- then it would not be call the map no man can read . gibb she 's get a point there , Jack . jack sparrow most of the man on this ship can not read -- so that make all map the map no man can read . carina smyth if no one can read it -- then you have no use for it or I . gibb hard to argue there , Jack . jack sparrow I need to free a ship from a bottle . and you have a map -- carina smyth nobody have this map -- as it do not exist -- 41 . jack sparrow then why do it have a name ? carina smyth the name clearly define it as a imperceptible object . scrum I be about to say that . carina smyth then we all agree there be no map ? gibb settle ! jack sparrow you be confusing this poor man ! which be what witch do best ! and now there be dead silence -- the crew looking to jack and stepping back in fear -- pirate # 1 do he say '' witch '' ? pirate # 2 Jack , tell we you do not bring a witch on a ship ? jack sparrow of course not . look at she luminous yellow hair . that round and bountiful -- eye . do she resemble any witch you have see ? carina smyth I be not a witch . jack sparrow you see . not a witch . carina smyth I be a astronomer . pirate # 2 oh , so you make hat ? carina smyth a astronomer contemplate the star . the planet . this be what I be do when they arrest I . I have mapped the solar system . a long beat as they all stare at her --— 42 . crew member # 3 she' a witch ! Jack step in front of she now -- draw he sword and put it at she throat . jack sparrow allow I to simplify this equation . give I that map or I will let they kill you . carina smyth if they kill I you 's 1ll never get the map . gibb excellent bit of reason there , Jack . jack sparrow you be excused , mr. gibb !!! carina smyth you can kidnap I , imprison I , kill I if you wish . but i’1ll never give you what you want ! and now Jack put the sword away . jack sparrow what I want be a cup of tea . Care to join I ? int . - captain quarter . - day carina be stare at she own hand -- can barely keep she eye open . she be clearly drunk -- try desperately to focus . carina smyth what kind of tea do you say it be ? jack sparrow pirate 's tea . family recipe . jack stand behind her spiking her tea with rum . carina smyth it have a funny taste . I can not quite figure it out -- jack sparrow unlike the map no man can read ? which you have solve . she smile now -- drink some more --— 43. carina smyth can you keep a secret , Captain Jack ? jack sparrow why steal secret if you be not go to keep they ? carina smyth there 's a reason the map have never be read by any man . or woman . she lean in close now -- whisper to he . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) the map be write in the star . jack sparrow someone must have a enormous quill . she take out a SMALL black book -- carina smyth Galileo 's diary date back to the first astronomer -- plato himself . the diary be full of celestial binomial -- equation pass down through the century from scholar to scholar -- the last be my father . none of they could figure it out . jack sparrow but you have ? carina smyth once every 243 year the planet venus cross directly in front of orion 's belt -- know as the Three finger of God . this event be know as the Transit of venus . jack sparrow I will drink to that . carina smyth this be the answer to the equation . with a clear sky the star themselves will map the Devil 's triangle . jack sparrow a map that will lead you to the tomb of Poseidon . and the trident inside . carina smyth how could you know about the trident ? jack sparrow you be not the only witch in town . 44 , carina smyth after tonight -- I 'il never be call a witch again ! jack sparrow tonight ? carina smyth as the sun set -- my destiny begin ! and now carina pass out -- she 's face down on the table . jack sparrow I hate destiny . ext . -— devil 's triangle . - day barbossa have blackbeard 's sword in hand -- have deliberately sailed he ship into the heavy fog . and now the waiting begins -- the crew anxiously looking around in a panic . the fog and cloud cast a dark shadow across the ship --— a few crew member sneak down below to hide --— most draw there weapon -- react to every noise -- or gust of wind -- waiting -- as barbossa stand back near the wheel -— — pintel and ragetti accidently bump into each other -- almost shoot / shit themselves -- the ship have become a haunted house -- the men conscious of every creak under there feet -- but there 's no sign of anything . until -—- pintel Captain , be that a ship ? barbossa shipwreck . barbossa stare into the fog -- even he look scare now as the silent mary appear close to they -- barbossa 's crew at the front of the ship be quickly kill -— - captain brand and he very dead men have come aboard . some of barbossa 's men running for there live -- diving off the ship -—- the ghost moving through the ship -- ready to kill anyone and everything -— — captain brand Pirates . kill they all . 45 . captain brand step toward barbossa now -- and we see he ( and he men ) clearly for the first time . the dead men horrifying to look at -- a military unit still in uniform -— all looking as if they 've walked out of hell itself . captain brand move toward barbossa -- and now we see he throat be CUT -- ooze with blood and maggot . brand stop just before he reach barbossa -- look to he left and sees the rock formation -- which serve as the border for the triangle . captain brand ( cont ’d ) you have keep half of you ship outside the triangle . very clever . men be scream in the b.g . -- captrain brand although it do not help the man on this side of the line . barbossa I always bring extra crew just in case . welcome aboard the revenge , Captain brand . captrain brand you know my name . barbossa aye . and I have come for a confluence . brand and he men laugh at this . captrain brand do you hear that , man ? this pirate have come search for we . all you have be you life to bargain with . barbossa I come with a tale . captrain brand and what would this tale be about ? barbossa there be a british Captain . a Captain who have in he command he own brother -- a brother by the name Eric . the two man never far apart . flashback -- we see young captain JOHN brand and he brother eric fighting side by side on a british war ship -- the two men shoot at a spanish galleon --— 46 . suddenly there ship get rocked by cannon FIRE -- the explosion blowing eric overboard --— barbossa ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) while engage in battle with the Spanish , Eric be lose to the sea -- sink beneath the wave . we see captain brand reaching for he brother -- holding he over the side -- but unable to bring he up . through the smoke captain brand sees eric drowning in the deep water -- barbossa ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and so this Captain 's heart be break -- know he would never see he brother again . ext . —- OPEN ocean . - day ( flashback ) a pirate ship sail into frame -- the pirate fishing a man out of the water -- barbossa ( v.o. ) but as fate would have it a pirate ship find the half - dead soldier -- drag Eric from certain death and put he in chain . we see eric on the pirate ship in chain -— — barbossa ( v.o. ) at first they think to hold he for ransom , but then the Captain of this pirate ship see something in he . we see eric try to steal a apple from the ship -- be about to eat it when he be suddenly caught by surprise -- barbossa ( v.o. ) and this Captain decide to train he in the way of the pirate . taught he everything he know -- how to steal and plunder -- how to enjoin a group of knave who refuse all order . eric no longer look like a soldier . he resembles a pirate in dress and appearance -- be handed he own jolly roger flag . barbossa ( v.o. ) he be teach every vile trick this Captain know , until Eric be ready to take on a ship of he own . only now he would be a pirate Captain -- with a pirate name steal he own fortune at sea . 47 . we see eric at the wheel of he own pirate ship -- look to the horizon -- barbossa ( v.o . ) and so it be . until one day when the pirate Eric be attack in full force by the british navy . explosion rocking eric 's ship -- men dead all around -- no chance to survive -- eric brand Strike the color ! lower the flag !! they lower the jolly roger -- but the british ship never stop attacking -- barbossa ( v.o . ) he try to surrender -- but the Captain of the british ship have a loathing for all pirate . he keep fire until he burn the pirate Eric right out of the water . and now we see captain brand on the deck of he own british ship ordering the assault -- barbossa ( v.o . ) you see -- this Captain have no idea he be kill he own brother . murdering the only thing he love . close on captain brand watching the pirate ship sink -- seeing the face of he brother stare across at he -- barbossa ( v.o . ) and upon the realization of what he have do , this Captain soon go into a rage . and he vow revenge on one man . Captain Jack sparrow . the man who turn you brother into a pirate . we see captain brand raise he sword -- lead he ship toward the black pearl --— barbossa ( v.o . ) and so he chase Jack into the water of the Devil 's triangle -- where Jack wait for he in a devilish fog -- spring a trap that would send he to the bottom of the sea . we see the black pearl blowing brand 's ship out of the water - - the british captain looking across at jack as he slowly sink with he men -- take out he own knife and cut he own throat as he goe down . 48 . barbossa and as the Captain sink to the gate of hell -- a spirit with unfinish business rise in he place . back in the triangle -- the ghost of captain brand stare at barbossa -- eyeing he with furious disgust -- captain brand you be on the Pearl ? barbossa aye . I see you die . and soon after I plan a mutiny against Jack sparrow and take the ship as my own . captain brand so my enemy be you enemy ? barbossa more than you could ever know . captain brand captain jack sparrow will pay he debt to I in blood ! name you price , captain ! barbossa the eye. brand take out the diamond eye -- hold it out toward barbossa -- showing it to he . captain brand bring he to I -- and I will give you the Eye . from this moment on -- you have a deal with the dead . barbossa you will pardon I for not shaking on it . int . - dying gull . - sunset carina be passed out on deck -- jack walking her around as he tries to wake her up . most of the crew nervously watching from a distance . jack glance at the setting SUN -- jack sparrow Mr. scrum -- wake she up . scrum step toward carina -- get very close to her -- take a deep breath and then exhales into her face . her eye immediately pop OPEN as she choke from the vile stench . 49 . carina smyth what 's happen ? jack sparrow the sun be down . I believe there 's a map to be find . carina take the telescope from jack 's hand -- begins to monitor the star -- carina smyth it begin . the Transit of venus have -- scrum ship to the aft !! coming right quick !! jack grab he scope back -- sees a ship coming up behind they -- mr. gibb it 's a surprise attack , Jack . jack sparrow pig Kelly have come to collect he debt . which be my neck . she take the scope back from he -- eyeing the star -- carina smyth if I could have a bit of quiet -- mr . gibb he 'il be on we in no time . jack eying the sea -- jack sparrow weapon , Mr. Gibbs ? mr . gibb no cannon -- no ball . we have three musket , one swivel and four barrel of powder . jack sparrow and we be be chase by a fully load shallop with twelve heavy gun . scrum we can not fight she -- and we can not outrun that gun . mr . gibb should we strike the color ? Jack think for a beat -- 50 . jack sparrow no need to surrender . you say it yourself , this be a surprise attack . mr . gibb yes , but this be they surprise , Jack . jack sparrow depend which way you look at it . ext . —- essex . - night pig kelly be at the wheel of the essex -- he and he men preparing to chase jack down -- crew member sir -- there 's smoke coming from the gull ! through the eyeglass -- kelly sees smoke coming from the back of jack 's ship -- pig kelly what 's he do ? ext . -— jack ship . —- continuous barrel of gunpowder have be lit -- be be tossed off that back of the dying gull -- close on four barrel of burning powder floating in the water -- all billowing thick black smoke -- ext . -— kelly 's ship . - continuous through the eyeglass kelly sees a curtain of smoke in front of he -- pig kelly he 's light the powder . kelly at the wheel now -- heading straight for the black smoke --— pig kelly ( cont ’d ) you can run but you can not hide , Jack sparrow ! kelly sail straight into the curtain of black smoke -— everyone blind for a beat as they wait to emerge -— as they come out of the blackness -- they be shocked to see jack 's ship waiting for they on the other side -- pig kelly ( cont ’d ) he lower he sail and drop anchor !! crew member surprise attack !! we 're taking a direct hit ! kelly tries to turn he wheel -- sees jack at the the gull -- the two ship slamming into each other -- the men back from the force of the crash -- 51 . wheel of knocked jack ship piercing the hull of the essex -- a huge hole in pig 's ship as water flow in -— - he look straight across at jack -- who wave -- jack sparrow surprise . pig kelly attack !! grappling hook be thrown -- the two ship now connected -— ext . - dying gull . - continuous kelly and he crew swing across to jack 's ship -- gun out as jack crew fight kelly 's men -- kelly swing onto the deck right in front of jack jack drawing he sword -- then look at it -- have thought -- jack sparrow not exactly sure which side this sword be on . as kelly charge -- and jack run -- carina continue to monitor the sky -- lying flat as the battle take place all around -- carina smyth venus be crossing through the strait of fire toward orion ! right ascension at 101.287 degree , declination -- 16.716 degree . sword and second on her back she start sketching in her black book -- the line from the sky now part of the equation as a map begins to form -- men fighting -- pirate stabbing kelly 's men -- gun firing -- 52 . carina oblivious to it all -- keeping her focus on venus -- creating the map -- a man drop dead next to her -- and she move over a few inches -- continue to draw the map — — carina smyth ( cont ’d ) this be incredible -- venus be move North . the telescope get knocked from her hand -- roll across the deck -- carina crawling toward it -- try to get it back as men fight and die all around her -— — jack cornered by pig kelly now -- who draw he gun and be about to kill he -- carina reaching for the scope -- sees a gun lying on the deck . she pick it up -- sees jack cornered by kelly --— carina fire the gun -- accidentally shoot a pirate who stab one of kelly 's men -- who fall across a rope and cut it with he sword -- the rope free a grappling hook that swing across into kelly -- who be knocked off the side of the ship -- carina drop the gun and goe back to the sky -- kelly men retreating now -- rushing back to there own ship as jack men chase they away -- as carina grab the eyeglass -- quickly lie back down and look to the sky -- finishes the map -- we see kelly 's men quickly sailing away -- jack and he crew cheering there victory -- carina smyth ( cont ’d ) venus have disappear behind orion and the Three finger of God . carina come up on deck -- hold out the map to the men -- a map in the shape of a triangle . everyone turn to her now -- carina smyth ( cont ’d ) I be right -- the map exist ! this be the triangle -- and this be a island inside it -- gibb a island in the Devil 's triangle ? carina smyth a island no man have ever see . 53 . scrum from a map no man can read ? carina smyth this be where we will find the tomb of Poseidon ! jack sparrow carina -- perhaps we should talk in private . carina smyth as be my right -- I will name it the coffin Island -- after the coffin star delphinus . there be a clear passage from the West , Jack -- it be here that we will find the trident ! gentleman -- set sail for the Devil 's triangle -- ext . - OPEN ocean . - morning jack be rowing a longboat -- clearly annoyed as he stare across at carina who be casually studying her map -— — carina smyth so that be a mutiny . I must admit it be rather exciting . all that sword and gun . the larger man hold you down and beat you when you refuse to leave . the smaller man lining up to slap you -- jack sparrow you just cost I the command of two ship . carina smyth two ? jack sparrow one be in a bottle . Long story . carina smyth and you blame I ? the woman you kidnap ? jack sparrow you be the only witch on the ship . carina smyth I be not a witch ! jack sparrow and I be not a Captain ! carina smyth on that we both agree . 54 . jack sparrow in case you have forget , the aforementioned kidnap also include the save of you neck -- carina smyth you do not save I out of courtesy . you seek the trident -- jack sparrow I have no choice . there 's a ghost who dwell in the haunt water of the triangle , a spirit plotting he escape . carina smyth a spirit ? jack sparrow I have to find the trident before he do . carina staring at he -- can ’t help but laugh -- carina smyth ghost ! that be what all of you pirate be afraid of ? ghost !! jack sparrow yes. ghost . and lizard . and quaker . carina smyth I assure you , there be no ghost in the Devil 's triangle or anywhere else . Science do not support it . jack sparrow and if you be wrong ? carina smyth do I not predict the crossing of venus ? jack sparrow you think you be the only one who know anything about venus ? venus be the Roman goddess of love and beauty . carina smyth and who teach you that ? jack sparrow a girl name venus -- carina smyth be she academically inclined ? 55 . jack sparrow more like vertically recline . carina smyth my calculation be precise and true . I be not just a astronomer -- I be also a horologist . jack sparrow no shame in that , dear . we all have to earn a live . carina smyth no. a horologist ! jack sparrow yes . so be venus . although she do not shout it quite as loud as you . I must say you seem very proud ! carina smyth horology be the study of time . jack sparrow she be constantly study she watch . carina smyth time be everything , Captain sparrow . jack sparrow I prefer timing . carina hold up the watch around her neck . carina smyth this chronometer keep the exact time in London . if I make a altitude measurement to a know heavenly body such as the sun -- we will find land . light reflect off the chronometer -- blinding jack . jack sparrow that thing will draw attention where it 's not want . carina smyth East be that way . row ! jack sparrow you be sailing with Captain Jack sparrow . I will find land with this compass . a compass which take I to the exact place I wish to go . jack open he compass -- but it point straight at carina . 56 . jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) Broken . let 's try it you way . int . —- melia 's shack . - day the british break down the door to melia 's shack -- weapon at the ready . admiral scarfield slowly walk in -- look across at melia -- long hair covering her body -- melia Admiral scarfield . do you know the price you pay for come in my door ? admiral scarfield get she dress . british soldier Sir , we have be warn never to touch this one . admiral scarfield she 's come with we . int . - british jail . - port royal . - day scarfield and he man lead melia down to the prison . they push she into the witch 's cell -- which be full of women waiting to be execute . admiral scarfield the wall . read it . the '' witch '' move aside for melia -- clearly they fear her . melia walk toward the back wall , the wall where carina have drawn the equation for the '' map no man can read . '' admiral scarfield ( cont ’d ) read it or die . melia slowly reach up and touch the map -- and suddenly we see a drop of blood on the wall . the drop turn into several bloody line -- line which start to run together and form a image . a image that resembles a trident . the british soldier nervous now -- scarfield walk into the cell -- stare up at the bloody image on the wall . admiral scarfield ( cont ’d ) you will lead we to the trident . or I will kill they all . he motion to the other women -- the cell be filled with '' witch . '' admiral scarfield ( cont ’d ) they destiny be in you hand . 57 . she look to scarfield and slowly nod . admiral scarfield ( cont ’d ) prepare the ship . and the cage . ext . - queen anne 's revenge . - day barbossa be using blackbeard 's sword to push he ship to the limit . as the queen anne move through the water the wood begins to buckle from the sheer force -- crew member hanging on for dear life -- eyeing the beam with caution -- pintel Captain , perhaps you should decrease the demand we be put on the ship ! ragetti it feel as if we be go to break the wind . barbossa the condemn of Port Royal tell we Jack have escape to this water . I know the line he favor to sail . we will hunt he as the day be long . barbossa raise the sword even higher -- the ship go faster -- crew member Captain -- off the bow !! and now barbossa sees a ship in the distance -— -— barbossa run her down !!! ext . - jack 's ship . - the dying gull . - later barbossa and he man have board Jack 's ship . the crew stand down as barbossa step toward they . barbossa where be he , Gibbs ? gibb it be a mutiny . barbossa it always be . gibb we set Jack adrift . with a witch . this get barbossa 's attention . 58 . scrum a witch who pull a map from the star . and now barbossa slowly turn -- look out to sea -— - barbossa Mr. ragetti ! find I the nearest shore . ragetti bring over a map -— — barbossa ( cont 'd ) there be but one island a longboat could reach from this vile ship ! Jack sparrow will be in coronation Bay -- or he will be at the bottom of the sea . and now barbossa sees something else -- he open a satchel and pull out the black pearl in the bottle -— — barbossa ( cont 'd ) gentlemen -- I 'il be take my ship . int . - longboat . - day carina be sweat , suffer from the heat as she read she chronometer -- take note as she try to figure out where they be and where to go . Jack be exhaust -- still row - - but secretly happy that she be lose . jack sparrow it would appear you superlative brain have we lead we astray . this could well be the end . jack take out a SMALL leather flask -- drink from it . carina smyth you have water ! jack sparrow of course not . I be try to survive . jack finishes the rum -- lick the last drop . jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) now I be in trouble . carina smyth you be a abject creature . a befoul pirate . jack sparrow High praise come from a horologist . 59 . carina be reading the map now -- look confuse -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) something wrong with you map ? carina smyth I do not require any help . jack sparrow perhaps I should take a look -- see as Maps be part of my choose vocation . he slide toward her -- very close -- and she tries to move away from he . jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) where do you get that earring ? carina smyth a gift from my father -- a father I never know . jack sparrow a clover be bad luck at sea . he be not a sailor . carina smyth he be a scientist . the earring be leave to I after he die -- along with a love of the star . the most beautiful thing there be . jack sparrow nothing compare with the beauty of the sea . carina smyth do not you ever look up ? jack sparrow only when I be flat on my back . you take you star , and I will take my horizon . carina smyth they be forever connect . a map maker 's sextant calculate the angle between a star and the horizon . so even if they be world apart , they be forever entwine -- the star and the horizon exist as lover . and now jack stare at her -- 60 . jack sparrow Lovers ? as in we be lose at sea and tired of row and I will not say a word ? carina smyth no. Lovers in the tragic sense . as they be destine to never be together . jack sparrow May I say that for someone with such high intellect -- you have we unequivocally lose . carina smyth you be the only one who 's lose , Jack sparrow . jack sparrow I assure you I can smell land when close by -- and I smell nothing -- he sniff the AIR for a beat -- carina smyth land ! right on time . jack look back -- sees a island in the distance . he sniff the AIR again -- then himself -- jack sparrow that might be I . ext . - coronation BAY . - day jack and carina walk through coronation BAY -- a bustling island port that be packed with merchant peddling there ware to sailor , pirate , and trader -- the most vile and vicious looking men ever assembled . carina follows jack through the rough and tumble town . carina smyth we need to find passage into the triangle -- jack sparrow luckily this be a very friendly place . all you have to do be ask that group of man for assistance -- and we shall have ourselves a ship and a crew . carina look over at four men --— carina smyth me? 61 . jack sparrow bad luck for a man of the sea to ask assistance of another sailor without the intercession of a feminine gull . carina smyth then I shall go right away . I be glad I can finally trust you . jack pull her in and give her a kiss -- holding her for a beat . when he pull back she stare at he -- confuse . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) why do you do that ? jack sparrow for luck . carina walk off toward the men -- as jack pull out her map - - which he have stolen from her during the kiss . he quickly turn and run into the first pub he can find -- ext . — coronation BAY . - day carina walk up to the four disgusting trader -- smile at they . carina smyth gentlemen , my name be carina Smyth -- and I be look for a ship and a crew to take I into the Devil 's triangle . or more precisely , the coffin Island -- which I have recently name -- and which have never be see by any man . the men stare at her in stunned disbelief . henry maddox stand in the shadow -- study her with great interest . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) May I also say that I be not a witch . but I do have this map -- she reach for the map -- suddenly realize it 's gone . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) the map ? jack !!! as she move to find jack the men step in front of her -- eye her with menacing smile . trader # 1 before you go , miss . would you mind show we you tooth ? 62 . int . - coronation BAY pub . - day jack be hiding in the bar when he hear -- carina smyth ( v.o. ) help !! somebody help I !! jack glance out the window -- sees carina be dragge off in the middle of the STREET by the four trader . he quickly turn back to the bar -- have a drink . jack sparrow to trust . jack open the map -- tries to read it . keep turning it over in he hand -- not sure which way it goe -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) she 's the only one who can read it . a man' voice cause jack to turn -- gambler ( v.o. ) I ' 1l bet ten piece . gambler # 2 ( v.o. ) and I will raise this here sword -- wash ashore in coronation Bay this morning ... jack hear the word '' sword '' and start to panic -- gambler # 2 ( v.0 . ) this be a fine saber ! a double -edge bone and steel cutlass with a slight nick at the tip -- jack drinking from a bottle now -- fighting with himself not to turn around . but how can he resist ? he stand up and stare down at he sword -- gambler # 2 and what you be look at ? jack casually knock out the two card player as he lift he sword off the table -- jack sparrow destiny ... just as a man walk into the pub -- make a announcement -— man gentlemen -- the auction be about to begin . 63 . ext . - coronation BAY auction . - night torch light up a makeshift platform -- a auctioneer stirring up the large crowd as he auction off two donkey . men be drinking and bidding wildly -- fight breaking out -- we pan off the stage to a line of three women tied together by rope -- each of the women wearing '' fancy '' dress . they be waiting to be auctioned off -- a sign above there head read : wench auction tonight ! carina be at the front of the line , stuffed into a revealing red dress with a heavy hand of make - up applied to her face . the look on her face be pure rage . they pull carina onto the platform and the crowd goe wild . auctioneer first up be this fresh young lass -- come up here darling and turn about -- show we you larboard side . carina turn and kick the auctioneer in the ball . she turn to the crowd of disgusting trader , pirate and sailor . carina smyth let I just say that I forgive you common dim - wittedness and feeble brain incapable of educate -- they quickly put a gag in carina 's mouth as the auctioneer step forward --— auctioneer I will start the bid at one piece of eight -- and with this one I 'il throw in a goat . we see jack making he way through the crowd -- getting right up front where carina can see he . with her eye she tell he to start bidding -- jack reach into he pocket -- which be empty -- jack sparrow this one look of unremarkable stock -- hard to imagine any warmth come off that skin and bone . but ala -- I will bid one and let 's be do with it ! auctioneer I have one piece of eight ! a disgusting man stand next to jack -- hold up two piece of silver . 64 . disgusting trader I will bid two . jack sparrow Three ! disgusting trader four ! ! jack step closer to the bidder -- start steal money from the man 's pocket -- flipping coin to himself as he continue to bid -- jack sparrow five !! disgusting trader six !! with each bid jack be steal money faster and faster -- one hand in the man 's pocket and the other in he jacket -— jack sparrow seven ! ! disgusting trader EIGHT !!! jack sparrow nine ! ! disgusting trader ten ! jack sparrow if you have ten -- then she be yours . show US you coin ! the man reach into he pocket -- which be empty -- disgusting trader now wait a second -- my money be gone ! jack holding up the man 's money -- showing the room he coin . jack sparrow be we to let this man swindle a reputable wench auction such as this ! auctioneer get that cheat out of here ! they remove the fat man next to jack -- start beat he as they pull he out . 65 . auctioneer ( cont ’d ) now the last of the bid be ten ! go once ! go twice ! a voice from the back of the room stop the crowd . pirate twenty !! and let it be do at that . jack hear a pirate' voice off in the darkness -- auctioneer 20 !! sold !! the crowd go wild as a vicious looking pirate move through the crowd -- step up and take the end of carina 's rope . he look up at her and smile with rotting yellow teeth -- pirate you belong to I now . carina be terrified of the pirate -- struggling with her rope as she 's taken off the platform -- yelling through her gag as jack watch her move through the crowd . ext . - dock of coronation BAY . - queen anne 's. - day jack follows the pirate and carina as they head down to the dock -- watch through the darkness as they board a ship . he can see carina in the window of the captain 's quarter -— the lamp be turned off inside the ship -- and jack quickly climb up the side of the ship -- reach up and pull two pirate overboard as he use they to help himself climb onto the MAIN deck --— he sneak along the deck -- move to the side of the captain 's quarter and climb into a window -- int . - captain quarter . - night jack climb into the window of the captain 's quarter -- drop to the floor and sees carina tied to a chair -- still tied and gag -- a match be struck -- the lamp be lit -- and there 's barbossa and he men sitting and waiting for he . barbossa even , Jack . this be the witch you be look for ? barbossa 's men draw weapon -- surround jack from all side . carina look at he -- tries to talk through her gag . 66 . barbossa limp over to jack -- lift up the black pearl in the bottle -- barbossa ( cont 'd ) do you recall why there be mutiny aboard the Pearl all that year ago ? jack sparrow I will take a swag -- do it have something to do with treasure ? barbossa no , we plan to take the ship from you long before cortez . around the time you rescue a british soldier -- he life barely a whisper . jack sparrow Eric the pirate . barbossa this be no pirate . he wear the red coat of a soldier train to kill we kind . but you teach he we way -- pass over you own crew to commission he a ship . jack sparrow you still seem bitter , hector . barbossa not I , Jack . Eric 's brother . Captain brand 's get a yearn to meet you in the flesh . although he will not be wear he . int . - jack 's ship ( dying gull ) . - day gibb be at the wheel of the dying gull -- the crew half asleep on the deck . the men be clearly depressed -- not sure what to do as they stare out at nothing . scrum mutiny seem like a very good idea at the time . pirate # 1 I believe we be catch up in the moment . pirate # 2 you think Jack would consider come back -- pirate # 3 no harm in ask . 67 . mr . gibb he 's probably dead from exposure . or eat by shark . scrum very true . hard not to feel a bit responsible . gibb look out to sea -- eye wide as he sees a massive british war ship coming up very close behind they . gibb scrum , Jack always tell I that if something be to happen , you should be Captain . scrum I ? he say that ? gibb they be Jack 's wish . now go and take the wheel , son -- and take this here hat . the hat of a Captain . scrum take the hat , put it on . scrum this be my proudest moment indeed . gibb you deserve it . crew member ship !!! off the port ! a british gunner ! crew member # 2 she have a hundre gun , captain ! what be you order ? gibb pat scrum on the back . gibb good luck . int . - dying gull . - later the british have boarded the ship by force -- the pirate line up at gun point . scarfield walk down the line . scarfield which of you man be Captain of this vile ship ! scrum step forward , excite . 68 . scrum me. that 's I . scarfield beat he first and longest . int . - british ship . - brig . -—- continuous the Pirates be bring down to the brig of the british ship , be herde toward the brig . a bruise and batter scrum stop when he sees melia locked in a cage -- scrum that be the witch from Port Royal . panic setting in as the pirate be shove into the cell across from the cage . scarfield walk to the cage -- raise he gun -- scarfield the race for the trident be one the british will not lose . tell I where to sail . melia we must find Jack sparrow . ext . —- barbossa 's ship . - queen anne's revenge . - night carina be tied to the mast , looking out at the star . barbossa limp out to her -- remove her gag as he hold up the map . barbossa you will pardon my forward nature , miss , but perhaps you can tell I how Jack sparrow come to hold a map such as this ? carina smyth I draw it . barbossa there be no island in the triangle . carina smyth no island you have ever see . it hide the tomb of Poseidon . barbossa I know a unfinish treasure map when I see one . now who hold the rest of it ? 69 . carina smyth I be not sure . I finish the equation -- do everything right . it should be here . barbossa equation ? carina smyth handed down to I in Galileo 's Diary . a equation no man have ever solve -- barbossa to find a map no man could read ? barbossa stand there now -— barbossa ( cont 'd ) I have hear of such a map . but this can not be it . carina smyth I copy that map from the star , where it be hide for thousand of year . barbossa impossible . no woman can read the star . carina smyth so you believe you know more of the constellation than I ? carina smyth ( cont ’d ) on that I have wager . barbossa I will happily untie you hand -- if you can name one star . carina smyth go on and choose . and barbossa point to a spot in the sky . barbossa that one -- the brightest in the North . she stare at it -- doesn't say a word for a long beat . barbossa ( cont 'd ) I do not think so . he turn to walk away . 70 . carina smyth carina . that be the star carina . barbossa turn back to she now . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) the star which give I my name . barbossa look at the star -- then pull he knife and walk back to she . she close she eye -- wait to be kill -- as he cut the rope to her hand -- then give her the book . barbossa I be a pirate . not a killer . barbossa yank the earring from her ear -- hold it in he hand as he walk into he quarter -- slam the door behind he . int . - barbossa 's quarter . - continuous barbossa walk into he room , open he drawer and look at the SMALL portrait of the woman . he then take out a earring -- a earring that be identical to carina 's. the exact same clover design . we push in on barbossa -- and suddenly it look like he’s see a ghost . int . —- queen anne's revenge . - brig . - night jack be tied to a post with thick chain surrounding he entire body -- only he head exposed . he have a itch on he nose -- be hopelessly try to scratch it when he hear a noise . he quickly look around -- the noise get louder -- something be pushing its way out of large wooden crate -- the lid getting kicked OPEN -- jack sparrow now that 's a big rat . jack watch as henry maddox come out of hiding -- the young stowaway coming out of the crate -- nervously backing up when he sees jack in chain -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) you there , boy ! could you lend I a hand ? henry slowly walk toward jack -- henry maddox I seek no trouble . henry look desperate -- he clothes frayed -- 71 . jack sparrow you be a stowaway on a pirate ship . trouble be all that 's leave . what be you name ? henry maddox Henry maddox . I make my way to coronation Bay to secure passage back to the triangle . jack sparrow back ? henry maddox I be aboard the massacre of the monarch . jack sparrow so you survive Captain brand ? henry maddox as do a girl . I know she less than a day . but I promise she I would find she - - save she . jack sparrow a word of advice , Henry . risking you life for woman in distress be a laborious way to make a live . much better to cause the distress , kidnap the woman , then take a ransom . henry maddox I will rescue she . jack sparrow be as you aspiration be to rescue -- why not start with I ? henry maddox I know not what you have do , sir. jack sparrow it 's not what I have do -- it 's what I be about to do . and that be to squeal like a parrot . stowaway name henry !! stowaway name henry !! henry maddox shhhhhh !! quiet . okay -- I 'il get you out . jack sparrow there must be a key to this chain . henry grab a chipping hammer off the wall . 72 . henry maddox I will not be need any key . int . - barbossa 's ship . - sunrise barbossa look out at carina on the deck of the ship . he put the two earring in he pocket -- walk out to her as the SUN rise before they . in the distance we see the two rock that form the border of the triangle -- carina smyth Mr. barbossa , what will you do with Jack when we get there ? barbossa there 's a price to pay for find thing not mean to be find . carina smyth and Jack 's life be that price ? barbossa I will be trading a eye for a eye . you may have the map -- but I 'il have the key . in the shape of a diamond . carina smyth he 's a fellow pirate , be he not ? barbossa do you desire to find the trident ? carina smyth more than you could know . barbossa to what end , might I ask ? carina smyth I will present it to the King -- hand he he great treasure . and from that day forward my name will be pronounce with high regard . and I 'il never be call a witch again . barbossa so Jack 's life be a reasonable expense . would not you agree ? and now he look at she -- see she concern . carina smyth you have no loyalty . 73 . barbossa a pirate 's life be spend loyal to the sea . carina smyth the sea be not alive , Mr. barbossa . it can not return favor . barbossa nor can any pirate . carina smyth so you feel nothing for any live soul ? barbossa I would be lie to pretend otherwise . int . - queen anne 's revenge . - brig . -— continuous jack watch as henry maddox prepare to strike the chain -- the chipping hammer raised above he head . the lock he’s aiming for be right by jack neck . jack sparrow have you ever defeat a lock before ? henry maddox never . barbossa 's men be coming down the stair into the brig --— jack sparrow this would be a excellent time . henry swing the hammer -- a direct hit against the lock -— -— barbossa 's men at the bottom of the stair -- as henry turn the hammer on they -- quickly take one of they out -- the second pirate drawing he sword -- as jack use he broken chain to flip the pirate onto he back -- knock he cold . he take both of there sword --— toss one to henry -— jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) be you as good with a sword as you be with a hammer ? henry maddox I have never actually have a sword of my own . I be a Captain 's servant -- jack take the sword back from he -- give he the hammer . 74 . jack sparrow follow I . we be take the ship . henry maddox the two of we ? jack sparrow I do it all the time . ext . —- queen anne 's revenge . - sunrise barbossa look determine as he sail toward the boundary of the triangle . the black pearl sit in the bottle next to he . he entire crew stand behind he -- grouped together -- all waiting for the moment they cross over . barbossa there be plenty of room at the bow . the men don ’t move a muscle . the wind pick up on there own now -- the seas starting to churn beneath they -- the current start to pull they in -— -— as a heavy fog roll in and dark cloud form overhead -- carina looking at the darkness all around her -- the day almost turned to night -- as she slowly back up -- carina smyth Mr. barbossa -- be you afraid of ghost ? barbossa only when they be armed . the ship getting closer and closer to the border -- the STORM moving in hard and fast -- wave lashing the revenge as the wind start to blow it toward the triangle -— as a sword be suddenly place at barbossa 's back -- jack stand behind he --— jack sparrow I will be take the Pearl , hector . barbossa I would be careful , Jack . this sword be the only thing that 's keep we from crossing that rock . 75 . jack sparrow rejig the row . we will not be sailing in today . barbossa I have wait a lifetime to hold the trident . and now barbossa take out he sword -- turn to square off with jack -— - barbossa ( cont 'd ) and I be willing to risk the same . jack sparrow then let 's finish this once and for all . the two men circle each other -- about to fight -- as cannon FIRE suddenly rip through the revenge -- men tossed in all direction as jack and barbossa be blown across the ship -- both day for a beat as they look out through the smoke -- and there 's the british war ship coming along side -- jack and barbossa slowly getting to there feet -- barbossa 's sword have be knocked across the deck -- barbossa a british gunner . pintel she 's get a hundred gun , Captain ! barbossa take the wheel , Jack . killing each other will have to wait . more cannon FIRE rip into the queen -- barbossa scream to he crew -- barbossa ( cont 'd ) draw the MAIN !! she'll curse the day she charge the revenge ! ! barbossa raising he sword -- using the wind -- jack go to the wheel -- turning the ship as fast as he can - fighting the current -- more cannon FIRE coming in now -- shot after shot tearing up the revenge -- the pirate crew loading there gun -- 76 . barbossa ( cont 'd ) FIRE at will -- and let that devil feel you sway ! cannon lit -- the pirate firing back now -- explosion tearing through the brig of the essex -- scrum , gibb and the other prisoner knocked back in there cell -— melia 's cage be blown OPEN -- the door broken off . the witch calmly step out -- as if she know this would happen -- both ship exchanging FIRE -- a full scale battle taking place at the edge of the triangle -- metal hook thrown across as the ship be joined -— - as men from both ship swing across -- sword and gun out now as pirate fight with soldier -- jack fighting side by side with barbossa -- who have he blunderbuss out --— carina keeping her eye on the water of the triangle -- the raging STORM pulling the two warring ship across the boundary -- carina looking through the heavy fog in front of they now -- seeing the sudden appearance of the silent mary -- pirate and soldier still engaged in full battle as carina 's terrified scream echoes through the triangle -- carina smyth ship !!!! soldier and pirate see the ghost ship emerging from the fog men who be stabbing and shoot and killing each other be suddenly very distracted -- the fighting coming to a stop as they stand together and watch the ship -- pirate stepping back in fear -- knowing what 's coming as british soldier look confuse . scarfield fight ! I order you to fight !! but the men just stare at the shipwreck coming toward they -— the SOUND of battle stop now -- dead silence taking over -— 77 . as jack stays at the wheel of the revenge --— in the water we see the face of the dead -- ghost staring up at they and then vanishing -- as steam start to rise off the sea -- the water turning red - thick fog surrounding the triangle as the silent mary drift closer -- jack sparrow can not be good . jack eye the pearl in the bottle -- start to move toward it everyone waiting -- weapon at the ready -- a moment of high tension -- on the deck of the british gunner we see one of the heavy cannon slowly turn on its own -- the huge gun now aimed directly at several soldier on the rail -- and then we see other cannon starting to turn as well -- the ghost moving the cannon into position -- we see the soldier 's gun cocked on there own -- sword lifted from the body of dead soldier -- cannon lit by invisible hand , fuse slowly burning down -- we see the anchor of the revenge start to uncoil -- and now slowly rise in the AIR like a snake as it stalk some pirate -- waiting to strike right behind they -- a line of sword silently move together -- still unseen -- cannon on both ship aimed at pirate and soldier -- who have no idea they be about to be attacked from within -— — carina stepping toward jack and barbossa -- carina smyth what 's happen ? barbossa we be to be board now . carina smyth Jack ... but jack be already gone -- tip - toeing behind the mast -— — try to hide -- 78 . as captain brand appear on the front of the revenge . he’s alone on deck -- everyone eyeing he as he look at the british soldier and pirate -- a truly captive audience . captain brand ? so who would like to hear a tale ? brand step forward now -— — captain brand FIRE !! and now cannon FIRE -- ripping into there own ship and men - massive hole blown in both ship as the ghost attack the men with there own weapon -- gun start firing on there own -- shoot the men who be holding they -- sword moving quickly across the deck -- coming at men from all angle -- the heavy anchor swing across the deck and take out five soldier -- knocking they over the side -- captain brand slowly walking toward barbossa -- he dead men walking behind he -- pirate and soldier throwing themselves overboard in fear -— scarfield swing he sword hard at a ghost -- take he head off with one swipe -- and now the headless ghost keep coming at he -- the head laughing on the deck -- scarfield retreat !!! british soldier swinging back to there ship -- but as they swing back there rope be CUT -- the soldier falling into the water where ghost be waiting -- other soldier making it across -- but swinging straight into ghost holding sword --— the men dropping into the water -- where ghost quickly drag they down -- the british ship sinking fast as the battle rage aboard the revenge . henry maddox look across to the silent mary -- 79 . and there 's olivia stand on the deck of the shipwreck . henry can hardly believe it when he sees olivia -- henry maddox olivia !!! olivia henry ! they 're holding I captive !! henry maddox I ’m coming for you !!! henry tries to get to the mary -- but ghost be coming at he from all side and he have no choice but to run -- carina backing up in horror -- turn to run but be blocked by more dead men --— jack hiding behind the mast -- captain brand cease FIRE !!! dead silence now as brand and he men stand before barbossa -— — captain brand ( cont ’d ) do you bring you end ? barbossa slowly nods -- barbossa I ‘’1l be need the diamond . brand place he hanger sword at barbossa 's throat -— brand when he 's dead . and now we push in on captain brand as he survey the ship . captain brand I speak now to the pirate jack sparrow ! show you face !! jack stays hidden behind the mast -- terrified . he peek out to spy on brand -- who have vanished -- pull back and now we see captain brand directly above jack on the mast - - staring down at he . captain brand ( cont ’d ) I have be wait to meet the rover who send I to hell and back . jack backing up now as brand move toward he with he sword . 80 . captain brand ( cont ’d ) the man who teach my brother the way of the pirate . jack sparrow I be of the belief you can not teach the aptitude of piracy . captain brand there be blood on you hand . prepare to wash they at the bottom of the sea . they reach the wheel -- jack backing into it -- jack sparrow as a statement of fact I do save Eric 's life -- captain brand you LED I to slaughter the only brother I know -- turned he against he own !! jack sparrow well , when you put it that way -- captain brand raise he hanger sword to jack -- but he can ’t move he arm . brand quickly look to he left now -- sees the rock boundary of the triangle -- and now we see that jack be steering the ship with he hand behind he -- have move the ship halfway across the line -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) I believe we be no longer in the triangle . as I say -- impossible to teach . for a moment jack have save himself -- everyone watching the sail as a light wind start to blow the revenge backward -- as the ship begins to move jack start desperately blowing with he mouth -- as the ship drift right back over the line -- captain brand grab jack by the throat -- throws he across the ship -- brand men picking up jack -- holding he as brand draw he sword to slit he throat -- carina smyth let he go . 81 . silence now . jack looking at carina -- surprised as she step out of the shadow -- barbossa watching -- sees the way she look at jack -- watching as the ghost drag her before brand --— captain brand and who might this be ? jack sparrow a witch -- or a wench . depend who you ask . captain brand you take the life of someone I love . allow I to return the favor . jack sparrow Love ? wait . just to be clear -- we be not together . carina smyth he kidnap I . jack sparrow and save she life -- carina smyth I believe I be make a point -- captain brand you can die together -- brand lift he sword -- barbossa staring at carina -- reach down and grab he sword -- the wind filling the sail -- the revenge move quickly back over the line -- jack and carina save for the moment -- rushing toward the front of the ship --— brand turning to barbossa -- clearly the deal have change -— captain brand ( cont 'd ) sink it now !! two of brand 's ghost go after carina -- barbossa raise he sword once more as jack throws carina into the water -- the ghost unable to reach her -- go wild with rage -— — the ghost tearing up the ship as cannon FIRE -- explosion tearing through the revenge -— 82 . everyone running toward the front of the ship -- diving into the water -- jack about to jump in the water -- then remembers the pearl -— — goe back for the bottle --— henry maddox have no choice but to dive into the ocean --— the ship sinking as the pirate jump to escape the ghost -— — jack holding the bottle at the front of the ship -—- about to jump off -- but brand grab he -- hold he out over the side -- about to kill he -- and jack reach he hand into brand 's coat -- pull out the diamond -- show it to he . jack sparrow very difficult to teach this . and jack dive backward as far as he can into the sea -- across the line of the triangle -- and brand dive in after he -- but the ghost never splashes down -- walk across the top of the water and start to search for jack -- pulling pirate out one by one -- ghost walking across the water together -- all of they searching for jack -- as a line of FIRE start to rise from the sea -- captain brand lighting the ocean now so that it burn -- stand in the middle of the flame -- captain brand jack sparrow !!! jack dive down -- ghost try to reach he under the sea -— — some crew member getting sucked back into the triangle by the current -- ghost waiting -- unable to cross the line -- — barbossa using he sword to clear the smoke and fog -- and now we see the island that surround the triangle -- just as carina have say . barbossa there ! ! carina and barbossa swimming toward shore -- jack fighting the current -- making he way to the rock as well -- captain brand unable to reach they -- stand in the flame — - trapped in he own watery prison --— 83 . carina and barbossa get to the shore -- pull themselves up with other survivor -- jack surface holding the ship in the bottle -- half the crew have made it out of the water -- including pintel and ragetti -- as jack surface with the black pearl in the bottle . henry maddox look back at the water -- at olivia on the deck of the silent mary as it disappear into the fog -- henry maddox olivia 's alive . I have to save her ! ! he tries to go back into the water , but jack hold he back . carina be shaking -- staring out at the fog -- eye filled with terror -— — barbossa stay on dry land if you wish to live . carina smyth ghost . everywhere . I see they . jack sparrow on a positive note -- I have yet to see a lizard . or a quaker . pintel where be we ? jack sparrow this be the coffin Islands -- as name by the woman who find they . barbossa this must be the burial grounds of Poseidon . and now carina turn to he -- quickly snap out of her fear . carina smyth the trident be here . jack sparrow then lead the way . all the pirate look to jack and barbossa -- stand frozen for a beat . ragetti no woman be go to lead we ? ai not that right , Captain ? 84 . carina look to barbossa -- who pull out the map and hand it to her . he’s about to speak to he men when carina jump in -- carina smyth fall in line ya lazy reprobate ! we're off to the island to find the trident of poseidon ! ! carina start walking -- the men quickly following . and now we pull back and see the coffin island -- as dark and foreboding as the name suggest . everything be dead and dying -- the entire place look like one big cemetery . int . - silent mary . - day scarfield and the british soldier be all soaking wet and line up on the deck of the silent mary . scrum , gibb and most of jack crew be prisoner as well . ghost this be the survivor , sir. coward fished from the sea . captain brand move down the line of soldier -- captain brand welcome aboard the Silent Mary . they all look terrified as they look around the shipwreck -— watch as it sail with its ghostly crew . the sail rise on its own -- the wheel gently turning with no captain -- mop methodically scrubbing the deck -- ghost appear and disappear as they move through the wall and come through the deck walk sideways up the mast or stand on top of the sail -- captain brand ( cont ’d ) Poseidon 's brother hade be charge with protect the tomb . and so he form the triangle -- and enlist the dead to patrol it . lock they in forever . captain brand walk down the line now -- step in front of scarfield . captain brand ( cont ’d ) which be good news for you man -- as you will not be travel far to the gate of hell ! execute they all . ghost moving toward they -- ready to kill the prisoner -- 85 . melia no . we will need they alive for now . melia step toward brand -- calmly stand in front of he . captain brand we ? and why would a witch help a spirit ? melia I have be help you from the beginning . I engage Jack sparrow on this quest , send he to find the map and the trident . I bring this soldier to you now -- so that we destiny would live together . you see , Captain brand -- I have come to make a deal . captain brand Jack sparrow have go ashore -- there be no deal to be make . melia you will bring I the trident . and with it you will have you freedom . and the revenge you seek . captain brand and what of you revenge ? melia to all that who burn witch . there be a storm come . captain brand you forget -- we remain lock to this water ... melia I have the power to change that , Captain . ext . - coffin island . - day the pirate be terrified as they move through the coffin island . everything be dead and dying -- like no island we 've see before . carina march through the thick black forest -- the bone of dead and decaying animal be scatter under dead tree . this be a haunted house that goe on forever -- with strange noise and sound causing everyone to be on alert -— - — 86 . pintel I wonder how she come to name this the coffin Islands . ragetti we be search for the tomb of Poseidon . pintel seem obvious . we see a venus fly -trap plant grab a pirate near the back -- the man lifted and swallowed down by the huge plant . nobody sees this happen -- ragetti the Spanish word for coffin be ataud . I will wager it 's the name of a famous Spanish explorer . a second pirate be taken by a plant in the b.g . -—- pintel she do not look Spanish . the bone of the pirate be spit out by the plant -- and nobody sees a thing . suddenly more venus fly -trap start to attack the men -- scream heard now throughout the forest as the pirate try and grab the legs of the doomed men -- but it all happens so fast there 's nothing to be do . the plant swallow a few men down -- then spit out there bone -- the men horrified -- running for there live as they take cover at the edge of a clearing -- carina smyth stay together . we will rest here . as everyone stop to rest -- barbossa pull jack aside and place a dagger at he throat -- barbossa the diamond , Jack . I see you pocket it . jack lift the diamond from he pocket -- jack sparrow I be confuse , hector . you make a deal with the dead to trade my life for the Eye -- only to save my life from the very dead man who be suppose to take it -- and now you wish to kill I dead all over again . 87 . barbossa take the diamond -— barbossa I never save you life . jack sparrow I see you raise you sword -- barbossa I didn't save you . and let that be the end of it . and Jack look at he -- look to carina -- and he finally realize -- jack sparrow you be in love with she . barbossa stand freeze -- stare at Jack -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) not that it 's my business , but be not she a bit young ? barbossa hold you tongue , Jack . before I cut it out . jack sparrow as one who be recently marry , I can suggest you do not rush into this -- barbossa enough ! ! and now jack grab barbossa 's hand -- turn he wrist over to expose a tattoo of a clover . jack sparrow I have see that clover before . dangle from carina 's ear . bad luck for a sailor . but not a pirate name barbossa . jack staring at hector now -— jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) and there be pirate marking in she diary . clover in shape next to the equation . the question be , how do she end up with a book that be once in the possession of pirate ? barbossa grab he now -- hesitate for a beat -- realize he’s got no choice . barbossa aye . the book be steal by pirate . Pirates who have no way of read it . so when it come to my hand thirty year ago , I pass it down . as it be all I have to offer . jack sparrow pass it down ? barbossa to a three year - old child . the most beautiful child you have ever see . a child I be never to lay eye on again . Jack stare at hector . barbossa ( cont 'd ) she 's my daughter , Jack . carina be name by I , and then leave with nothing but a book steal long ago . jack sparrow and a dead man 's tale of a father she never know ? barbossa lies give to she by she mother so she would never be face with the truth of what I be . and she take to that lie and make they true -- study by herself until she alone could pull a map from the star . and now we both chase the same treasure -- as we destiny allow . jack sparrow you be certain of this , hector ? with all respect , you be one of the most hideous man I have ever meet . there be little resemblance . barbossa her mother be a raven haire beauty -- jack sparrow I know mirror be hard to come by at sea -- so you might not be aware of you own unsightly face -- barbossa she 's my daughter , jack ! and this secret will go to both of our grave . she must never know the truth ! 88 . 89 . jack sparrow sound like a accord be to be strike . barbossa name you price . jack sparrow I only come for the Pearl and my life . barbossa all I wish to hold be the trident . jack sparrow we have a accord . jack and barbossa shake on it -- but barbossa pull he gun and hold it to jack throat . barbossa a small stipulation . I have see the way she eye find you , Jack . you will be stay away from carina -- forever . she must never know the pirate 's life . barbossa walk toward Jack now . barbossa ( cont 'd ) go near my daughter again -- and I 'il kill you where you stand . int . - silent mary . - day melia have CUT her hand -- her blood pooling on the deck -- starting to boil -- the soldier and pirate prisoner watching in horror -- scrum if they offer you tea -- politely decline . melia begins her spell -- chanting as brand look to he dead men -- who have all fallen in line . captain brand Jack sparrow and the trident be wait to be take . ghost soldier Sir , we be chain to this water . captain brand the witch be casting a spell . today we be go ashore . 90 . and now they all look to the prisoner -- who have no idea of what 's about to happen to they . ext . - coffin island . - triangle . - later jack be staying far away from carina now -- walking on he own -- push through some thick brush -- fighting he way through heavy plant -- and there 's carina -- waiting for he . he almost walk right into her -- the two of they inches away -— carina smyth I have be look for you . jack tries to move past her now -- jack sparrow do not want anyone to see we together -- might think we be conspire -- collude -- perspire . carina smyth be something wrong ? jack sparrow we should keep move . this island be alive -- and so be hector . jack still try to move past her -- know barbossa will kill he on sight . but she won ’t let he pass . carina smyth whatever happen , I just want you to know that I be wrong about you , Jack . you save my life three time . jack sparrow I also kidnap you -- induce you sale into slavery . and let 's not forget the tea -- the mutiny -- she move closer to he now --— carina smyth I know I say the horizon and the star be destine to never be together . but now I believe I be wrong . jack sparrow no . not wrong . you be never wrong . have yet to see it -- carina smyth be you say there 's nothing between we ? gl . jack sparrow do I tell you I be marry ? happily -- with two unbearable child . carina smyth I have spend my life look to the star . perhaps I should have be look out to sea . carina grab he now and kiss he -- hold he tight -- and jack be quick to give into it . jack sparrow I will admit , there be something between we . carina smyth the Three finger of God . jack sparrow well , I would say you be exaggerate . carina smyth no , behind you ! that rock line up exactly as the star of orion ! we have find it !! and now jack turn -- sees her moving through a clearing -- and jack be truly relieved to see her go . he turn around -- barbossa be stand right there -- eyeing he suspiciously -— - jack sparrow God 's finger -- shall we , hector ? everyone rushing to see three towering rock structure that rise from the island -- each one hundred of feet in the AIR . carina looking up at they -— — carina smyth orion be call the hunter . the star in the shape of a bow just as that be form . you see it now -- barbossa the question be -- what be they hunt ? jack sparrow they seem to be point at we . pintel there 's a cave ! just behind the rock ! in the distance we see a SMALL cave behind the towering rock . 92 . carina smyth that must be it . come on ! barbossa wait . look to the top . they all look up into the fog -- make out what appear to be a wooden structure twenty feet across -- pintel look as if someone build a house of wood on top of that rock . barbossa it 's not a house . it 's a nest . jack sparrow carina -- do Poseidon have any pet ? and now a massive bird swoops down through the fog -- pick up one of the pirate and sail out of frame -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) this be where I run . the pirate scream as two more massive primeval bird attack -- the scream creature moving fast as everyone run for there live -- the bird have beak like razor blade -- talon the size of dagger -- these be dead winged skeleton descending from the sky -- the giant bird picking off crew member one by one -— pulling they right out of there boot and flying off to the nest at the top of the rock -- we see a pirate dropped into one of the nest -- where several '' baby '' size bird be waiting to eat he -- carina running for her life as one of the massive half - dead bird come flying toward her -- grab her by the shoulder and be about to lift her off the ground -- but jack come running in behind her -- swing he sword -- cut off the bird 's feet as carina fall back to the ground -- the scream bird turn to come back for jack -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) angry bird !! angry bird !! the bird coming after jack now -- beak OPEN as it tries to slice jack in half -- but a gunshot ring out -- and there 's barbossa with he blunderbuss -- 93 . jack grab carina and they take off running for the cave -— the other pirate running for cover as well -- the giant bird descending on they as they run --— two more pirate picked clean as barbossa keep on firing --— the gunshot causing the bird to drop the pirate -- turn back in anger for he -— — but barbossa stand he ground -- take dead AIM as two bird come at he at once -- he put a bullet between the eye of the first --— and the dead bird drop from the sky and land on two pirate -- crushing they -- the second bird about to take out barbossa -- who have fire all he shot -— - the bird reaching for he with he talon -- as jack tackle barbossa to the ground just in time -— -— the bird circle back for they -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) I 'il need to borrow a weapon , hector . barbossa I be out of charge . jack sparrow I have a idea . do not think you 'il like it . the bird diving down at they -- and now we see jack get to he feet holding barbossa 's wooden leg -- jack slamming the wooden leg across the bird 's beak -- the giant creature crashing to the ground -- day for a beat with a injured wing -- jack stand there holding barbossa 's leg -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) this be awkward -- and now the bird be back up -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) run ! ! 94 . barbossa put he leg back on as he and jack rush to the entrance of the cave and dive for cover behind the rock -— the surviving bird circle the entrance -- much too big to enter -- then quickly start to eat the giant dead bird that barbossa shot . int . - cave . - day jack and barbossa enter the cave with the other survivor -- exhaust and out of breath . ragetti what be this place ? carina smyth this be not a place . the map end here . look at the wall . jack and barbossa walk deeper into the cave -- stand in stunned silence as a shimmering light shine across there face . carina step toward the light -- we see that the wall of the massive cave be cover in jewel . million of diamond covering the wall -- stuck in the rock and suspended all around they -- the entire cave bathed in a wondrous light -- jack sparrow diamond . carina smyth that be not diamond . they be star . int . - british ship . - triangle . - day melia be casting her spell , exhausted as she use all of her magic . the british soldier horrified -- as be scrum and gibb . melia nods to captain brand -- who look at he men -- captain brand choose you leg . and now some of the ghost walk toward the prisoner . the men backing up in fear -- as the ghost start to possess the terrified british soldier one by one -- we see they stepping straight into there body two ghost step into gibb and scrum -- who become possessed as well . as each prisoner be possessed , there eye immediately take on the reflection of the ghost . 95 . we see a newly possessed soldier walking -- try out he legs -- while another take a knife and cut he own hand --— feeling the pain and seeing the blood -- captain brand step into the body of admiral scarfield -- and brand eye become scarfield 's -- and a ghost army be create before our eye --— captain brand ( cont ’d ) move out . we be go ashore ! int . - cave . — day carina move toward the wall -- can hardly believe her eye . jack sparrow you be say this be part of the map ? carina smyth we be stand inside it . pintel if we be inside a map , then in theory we could all get fold ? ragetti or roll . that would be bad . pintel how do we read it ? carina smyth it 's not to be read . it 's to be complete . this cave -- this diamond -- it 's the solar system -- the map no man can read . every star exactly in its place . it 's all here -- we be see what God see . pirate # 1 witch ! she 's a witch ! jack sparrow we be past that . pirate # 2 diamond on the wall ! what be we wait for ! a pirate rush to the wall -- tries to pull out a single diamond -- pirate # 2 ( cont ’d ) I will be take this one . 96 . suddenly the ground drop out from under he -- and the pirate drop straight to he death -- scream as he fall into the endless darkness -- carina be move toward the wall -- lose in think -- carina smyth that 's the milky Way , orion 's belt . come across here be -- barbossa carina . Bright enough to navigate during a dead moon . carina look back at barbossa -- carina smyth yes . that be carina . jack sparrow so which star be we look for ? carina smyth the one that 's miss . and it 's right there -- that space on the wall . ragetti what be it then ? carina smyth the third planet from the sun . Earth . we be miss . and now barbossa take the yellow diamond eye from he pocket -- hand it to carina . barbossa try this . she take the diamond and walk toward the wall -- slowly reach up and place the diamond into the carve space . it fit perfectly -- right where the planet earth belong . the light shining across carina 's face now as the entire cave glow yellow -- carina smyth the map be complete . a noise be heard -- a rumbling -- part of the floor falling out as pirate drop straight down -- the back of the cave bursting OPEN -- the back wall starting to crumble to create a open at the back of the cave . they all shield there eye now as the SUN stream through -— 97 . and now they all walk toward the light -- the newly exposed open -- ext . —- tomb of poseidon fortress . - day they all walk out of the cave -- stand in silent awe as they stare across at a massive fortress that protect a ancient tomb . forty foot wall stand in front of they -— barbossa the tomb of Poseidon . jack sparrow one question . any bird ? the entire compound be made of stone and gold -- a treasure fit for the god . carina lead the way toward the fortress -- ext . - island around the triangle . - day the ghost be coming ashore inside there human counterpart — - some of they try to walk on the water and sink straight down -- the possessed men swimming ashore and then moving quickly onto land as they make there way onto the island -— captain brand you man be now vulnerable to gun and sword . and if you flesh and body die -- you be to join its rotten spirt in hell . captain brand look toward the tree -- captain brand ( cont 'd ) move out !! we live again !! int . - tomb of poseidon . - continuous carina lead jack , barbossa and the crew inside the wall of the tomb compound -- move through a second clearing that lead to the ancient gold tomb -- statue and ornamental carving all around it . carina smyth it 's real , be not it ? barbossa you find it , carina . nobody else dare say it be they -- for it bea lie as great as any tell . she look at he now -- jack sparrow shall we take a peek ? 98 . barbossa OPEN it men ! four of barbossa 's pirate all work together to lift the heavy lid -- pulling with all there might to slowly push it aside . they finally get it OPEN -- and there inside , floating in pristine blue water , be the trident of poseidon . the golden spear sparkle , be edged with jewel -- and they all stare down in quiet disbelief . carina slowly reach in and take it out -- hold it in her hand -- know she have finally found it -- her moment of glory broken as the trident begins to shake -— carina smyth what 's happen ? suddenly a noise be heard -- like the clinking of a glass -- everyone looking around to find it -- and jack look down at the satchel pintel be holding -- reach in and take out the black pearl in the bottle -— — jack sparrow the trident control the sea -- the ocean inside the bottle starting to react to the trident - and now the bottle crack and a trickle of water come out -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) my water break ... jack running with the bottle -— - jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) it 's coming !! jack holding the bottle in front of he as he rush by the pirate -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) it 's coming !! the glass begins to shatter -- and now jack 's in the middle of a clearing yelling at some of the pirate who be close by jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) run ! ! the pirate confuse -- but immediately start to run as jack drop the bottle and the glass explode -- 99 . and the black pearl ship start to shake and expand and grow before our eye --— the ship rising quickly as it build and build -- jack diving to escape he growing ship -- and then it 's finally do . the black pearl be lying in the clearing which surround the tomb -- jack staring at it -- walk over -- reach down and pick it up . and now we see the ship be only four feet long . look like something you’d buy in a toy store . jack pick it up -- hold he SMALL ship for a beat -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) perhaps I be wrong . maybe size do matter . the SMALL anchor drop down -- land on he foot . and now jack look around -- almost embarrassed as he hold up he ship . jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) I think she need a little more water . back at the tomb -- carina look at the trident in sheer awe -- until a sword be place at her throat . barbossa now hand it this way . the discovery belong to you . but that trident be mine . barbossa hold he sword on carina -- carina smyth I can see it in you eye -- you will not kill I . barbossa never trust the eye of a pirate . carina smyth then run I through , Captain barbossa . and prove I wrong . barbossa for the last time -- carina smyth what will you do with it ? 100 . barbossa sell it to high bidder . as be my right . carina smyth how could you give up a treasure like this without a think ? can you not see it 's perfect ? what kind of man be you ? barbossa a pirate . never to change . suddenly jack turn -- sees 50 ghost soldier coming over and through the wall of the fortress -- the possessed men scream with voice of the dead -- captain brand / scarfield attack ! the ghost of captain brand leading the charge in scarfield 's body -- captain brand / scarfield ( cont 'd ) you men sailed into hell -- now hell come looking for you ! jack racing through the maze of the fortress -- captain brand / scarfield ( cont 'd ) find the trident . and bring I Jack sparrow !! barbossa sees the ghost attack -- ghost coming toward he -- he look to carina -- who take off running with the trident . barbossa hesitate -- then turn to the ghost who be coming toward he -- barbossa let' show ' em how to bleed ! barbossa draw he sword -- he crew fighting back -- a horrible battle raging around the tomb -- carina race through the side of the compound and into the woood . henry maddox sees her go -- chase after her -- barbossa slicing he way through the possessed men -— as the british soldier ( ghost ) die , we hear the scream of the ghost -- along with the person they possess -- both dying together -- 101 . jack running with the SMALL pearl -- come face to face with gibb and scrum . jack relieved to see they -- jack sparrow Gibbs , scrum -- we will have to fight we way out . the men stare at he -- there ghost eye glaring at jack as they raise there sword -— — jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) you both look a bit pale . be you not well ? a touch of scurvy perhaps ? jack watch in horror as they raise there sword -- scream as they come straight at he -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) I can see you be still upset with I -- jack fighting off gibb and scrum -- try not to kill they - - but try not to get kill as they attempt to CUT he throat -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) very upset !! i've be meaning to discuss you wage !! shall we double they ! ! the ghost fighting hard -- jack chase back through the tomb fortress -- using he sword to protect himself -- manage to CUT scrum 's hand -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) okay -- triple !! final offer ! jack running from they now -— barbossa be fighting side by side with he men -- sword in hand -- cutting through ghost soldier one by one --— as he move to the clearing he sees captain brand / scarfield -- directly in front of he -- and two men immediately begin to circle each other --— captain brand / scarfield we have a deal , Captain barbossa . barbossa it would seem a ghost and a pirate should avoid do business . captain brand / scarfield today I be no ghost . but soon you will be . captain brand open he coat -- revealing scarfield 's pistol . 102 . barbossa 's hand moving toward he blunderbuss -- captain brand / scarfield ( cont 'd ) you will pay for you betrayal . and now barbossa sees carina running across the clearing toward the wood -- he flash back to a moment in time -- a three year -old girl stand in a window holding a SMALL black diary -- a young barbossa watching her as he head to shore -- a waiting ship -- leaving her forever -- barbossa aye . a betrayal it be . the two men draw there gun -- both FIRE at the same time -— — and now we see barbossa drop to the ground -- blood pooling on he shirt -- as a wounded barbossa lie back and stare up at the star -- look straight up at carina -- the brightest STAR in the sky . captain brand walking toward he -- about to FIRE a second shot to kill he -- but suddenly a sword come through brand -- who scream in agony -- turn to see jack sparrow stand behind he -- scarfield stepping back -- touching the blood -- clearly wounded and enraged -- captain brand / scarfield this repugnant flesh do I no good . jack coming at he again -- but brand 's men step in front of he -- fight he off -- ghost soldier she have it , sir !! the trident be getting away ! and now brand look out to the wood -- sees carina in the distance -- he remove jack 's sword -- hold it as he own as he yell to he men -- captain brand / scarfield the trident be on the island ! find the girl ! 103. ext . - coffin island . - day henry madddox and carina be running through the forest -— try to find there way out . the ghost soldier spread out as they CUT through the tree -- looking for carina -- carina smyth this way . hurry ! they turn toward the beach -- see a long boat at the shore . they both rush toward it -- about to make it to the sand -— - only to be CUT off by ghost soldier -- the SMALL army blocking there path . captain brand / scarfield -- clearly injured -- come through the tree and approach carina . he reach down and take the trident from her hand -- hold it up -- the silent mary sail toward the shore -- ghost should we kill they ? and brand look at carina -- captain brand / scarfield I want they to see this . ext . — tomb of poseidon . - day jack rush to barbossa 's side -- help he up . jack sparrow where 's the trident ? barbossa I let she go , Jack . this time I ’1l1 never get she back . int . - silent mary . - day the ghost soldier bring carina and henry on board the silent mary -- place they in the hull -- all of the ghost stepping out from the body they possess -- the live soldier dropping to the deck -- half conscious after the ghost depart -- the ghost step out from scrum and gibb as if they 're stepping out of old coat -- the pirate dropping to the floor -- down in the hull -- 104 . henry look across into the darkness -- sees olivia hiding in fear . olivia Henry -- henry maddox I say I would come back -- we will escape together . olivia please -- you have to go . henry maddox I will not leave you again . from the moment I see you , I know where my destiny lie -- olivia it 's not safe . henry maddox you be forget . I be lucky . captain brand step out of scarfield 's wounded body -- ignore the injured , dying admiral as he take the trident -- step toward the front of the ship next to melia . melia the sea be yours , Captain . take you revenge . captain brand look to the island -- lift the trident now -- and now we see the full power of this ancient spear -- the ocean immediately start to surge -- the water quickly drawing away from the island -- the beach suddenly exposed -- brand raising the trident like a conductor -- as a tidal wave start to form -- the massive wave rising up in front of brand 's ship -- the ghost orchestrate the wave with the trident as he send it toward the island -- the wave growing to a hundre feet as it build and build -- carina watching from the hull -- horrified as she sees what 's about to happen -- captain brand Goodbye , Jack sparrow . and the wave finally crash down on the island -- 105 . water flooding everything -- tree torn from there root as the forest be split OPEN and the raging water spread across the island -- ext . — tomb of poseidon . - day jack hear it coming -- look to barbossa -- and the two men watch as a massive wave come charging toward they -- jack sparrow take cover ! ! jack hold he ship -- rush to barbossa and throws himself on top of he -- and now the water crash over the fortress and swallows up everything in its path -- the wave so strong it completely cover the entire tomb of poseidon -- the tomb broken apart -- stone and gold everywhere as we see it sink in a matter of second -- the entire island underwater now -- nothing be left -- jack and barbossa be gone -- ext . —- silent mary . —- continuous captain brand watch as the island disappear before he eye -- everything gone as the sea rage and a STORM blows in nothing left but water as far as the eye can see -- melia you be free , Captain . the boundary be go . she walk over -- stand with he -— - melia ( cont 'd ) a witch and a ghost shall rule it all . captain brand look to he men -— — captain brand my very dead man -- listen to you Captain . from this moment on , every ship at sea be ours to destroy ! every sailor , pirate and soldier be ours to kill . we will not stop until the ocean of the world turn to blood ! 106 . ext . —- OPEN ocean . - day we push in on a spot in the ocean -- a single bubble pop to the surface -- and then a few more -- quickly we see the water start to churn and bubble -- and suddenly a massive ship be rising up from the depth of the sea . jack and barbossa clinging to the deck of the black pearl as it rise out of the water -- the massive ship now completely restore -- the two men holding onto the deck -- jack clinging to life as he gasp for AIR . several crew member have somehow grabbed onto the ship as well , including pintel and ragetti . jack get to he feet -- look around at the black pearl -— jack sparrow see -- just need a bit more water . jack sees barbossa lying unconscious on deck -- jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) hector ... be you dead ? do not answer that if you be . maybe I should slap you -- always want to slap you -- Jack go to slap he -- but barbossa catch he hand . / barbossa carina ? barbossa lift himself up -- struggle to get to he foot . jack stand next to he -—- the two of they look out at the silent mary in the distance -- watch as the ghost ship head out to sea -- barbossa ( cont 'd ) she 's go , be not she ? jack sparrow the dead take she . and the sea . barbossa I keep make the same mistake , Jack . find thing not mean to be find . suddenly there be a flash of light coming from the silent mary -- a reflection way off in the distance --— barbossa ( cont 'd ) what be that ? 107 . ext . —- silent mary . —- continuous as the silent mary sail toward the boundary -- we see carina on deck -- the sunlight hitting the chronometer around her neck and reflecting across the sea --— ext . - black pearl . - continuous jack sees the reflection in the distance -- know immediately what it be . jack sparrow hector -- she 's alive . barbossa then there be only one question . be this still the fastest ship at sea ? ext . - silent mary . - continuous scrum and gibb slowly wake up from there possession -- see carina sitting next to they . gibb Excuse I , miss , my clothes be all wet -- any idea how that might have happen ? scrum and I seem to be miss my little finger . slice clean off at the tip -- very strange . scrum hold up he bloody hand . carina smyth will you help I escape ? ext . - black pearl . - continuous the black pearl be speed toward the silent mary -—- jack and barbossa stand together as the pearl make her move . int . - silent mary . -— continuous henry maddox be moving through the ship with olivia -- olivia Henry -- wait . henry maddox come with I now . we ’1ll take we chance at sea . he lead her up to the deck -- where captain brand be waiting -- hold jack 's sword in he hand . 108 . captain brand the Captain 's servant . do you come to hear another tale , boy ? brand throws henry a sword -- captain brand ( cont ’d ) take you iron . so you can die like a soldier . henry lift the sword -- hand shaking as she stand in front of the captain -- captain brand laugh -- as do the other ghost on deck . captain brand ( cont ’d ) I be not afraid ! and henry come at he now -- captain brand toying with he as he easily fight he off -- they fight for a beat until henry 's sword be knocked free --— and henry be left stand defenseless against this powerful ghost -- captain brand ( cont ’d ) I ' 1l make this quick . brand come at he -- but olivia jump in front of he -— — henry maddox olivia !! the sword goe into her -— and brand quickly remove it . henry look down -- sees there 's no blood -- henry maddox ( cont ’d ) olivia ? he look at her -- sees that she 's not in pain -- have no reaction to the sword -— olivia I be sorry -- and now he step back from her -- olivia ( cont 'd ) you return for a ghost . and all at once he realize -- she 's be dead all along . olivia ( cont 'd ) I be kill that night at sea . but my last thought be of you . henry turning back as brand raise he sword -- 109 . captain brand now let 's finish this , boy . captain brand about to kill he -- stop when he hear -- ghost soldier ship to the aft !!! brand sees the black pearl charging up from behind -— captain brand sparrow !! int . - silent mary . -— continuous carina be moving through the hull of the silent mary with gibb and scrum --— ghost coming through the wall -- coming at they from all angle as they make there escape -- they run to the stair -- climb up toward the back of the ship -— - and there 's the black pearl sailing along side -- jack swing across from the pearl -- land in front of carina -- SHOCK and disbelief on her face as he hand her the rope -- jack sparrow see -- timing be everything . captain brand charging straight through the mast -—- coming for he with the other ghost -- carina , scrum and gibb grab the rope and swing across toward the pearl -- carina landing in barbossa 's arm -- both of they crashing to the deck -- jack grabbing a rope as well -- but at the last second it get CUT down by a sword -- jack turning around now -- the entire ship of dead men stand in front of he . as they all move toward he -- captain brand no . he 's mine . captain brand step in front of jack now -- jack sparrow I have come for the trident . captain brand then take it ! 110 . and brand bring the trident down into jack shoulder -- stabbing he -- jack step back for a beat -- day as he look around -— — then suddenly regains he swagger -- jack sparrow as I say -- can not teach it . and now we realize -- getting stabbed be exactly what jack wanted -- and jack take off running -- sprint for a second rope and swing around the side of the silent mary -- land hard back on the black pearl -- barbossa using he sword to fill the sail -- brand turning back now -- watching as the pearl sail off -— — captain brand bring this ship alive !! the mary suddenly transform itself -- full sail appear out of nowhere as the ghostly shipwreck transform into a war ship -- the silent mary quickly moving toward the pearl . ext . - black pearl . - moment later the pearl be heading back toward the water of the triangle -— — the speedy ship staying in front of the mary -- jack be on the deck of the pearl -- grab the trident and pull it out of he shoulder . he scream in pain -- hold the bloody spear in he hand -— — carina sees that barbossa be injured -- help he to he feet . as she doe she sees the clover tattoo on he wrist -- stare down at it for a beat -- carina smyth why do you come back for I ? barbossa I come back for the trident . carina smyth you have save I twice . carina eyeing he now as he pull he hand away -- carina smyth ( cont ’d ) if you have something you wish to say to I , say it now before it can never be say again . 111 . barbossa turn he back now -- carina smyth ( cont 'd ) be you the one who leave I Galileo 's Diary ? who leave I a equation to solve ? barbossa I ’m short of men and racing the dead ! no time for the squawk of a insolent woman ! barbossa can ’t look at her -— carina smyth please -- what be I to you ? and for a second it look like barbossa be go to tell her . he turn to her -- but he can 't -- barbossa carina -- what could you be to a pirate ? close on jack -- he 's stare out at the sea -- a familiar look on he face -- the wonder of the ocean clearly in he eye . pintel she 's gaining on US ! carina walking toward jack now -— - carina smyth Jack -- what be you do ? jack eyeing the sea -- the horizon -- jack sparrow no one should control she . jack raise the trident high in the AIR -- and the seas start to OPEN -- the entire ocean splitting apart before our eye -- wall of water hundred of feet high slowly expose the bottom of the sea -- a sight no one have see before -- curtain of water pushing themselves apart as big and SMALL fish drop from the side -- flopping to the sea floor --— towering canyon of coral reefs appear as the water continue to pull apart -- 112 . all the shipwreck of the triangle be revealed at once -- every ship that brand have destroyed -- the darkest corner and below it all -- all of the wreckage there be the golden bottom of the ocean carina and barbossa of the ocean now visible -- at the very bottom of the sea -- amidst tomb of poseidon -- now resting at the staring at OPEN sea in front of they -- the pearl sailing to the edge of what be now a massive waterfall -— — scrum looking down -- turn to jack -— - scrum the backside of water . do not see that every day . carina look at jack -- watch as he grab a rope --— jack sparrow lower I down , hector . carina smyth Jack -- wait . there 's no come back from the bottom of the sea . jack sparrow be this you way of say you have like my hat ? carina smyth you do not have to do this . jack sparrow I have to put it back . carina smyth but the trident be yours -- you have everything now . jack sparrow this be my destiny . to find it and die for it . or something like that . so hard to concentrate when a witch be naked . carina smyth but you do not believe in destiny . then I have jack sparrow get nothing to worry about . 113. suddenly the silent mary sail straight into they -- and captain brand appear on there ship swinging he hanger sword toward jack -- carina smyth jack !!! brand and he men coming toward they -- as carina run at jack -- throws her body into he as the two of they go flying over the side of the pearl and ride a massive wall of water straight down to the bottom of the sea - - a vertical water slide that plunge they into the soft sand at the bottom of the ocean -- they land in a heap at the bottom -- look up at the vertical wall of water -— a sailfish slice through the curtain -- almost poke a hole in jack as it quickly withdraws --— jack and carina to there feet -- look out at the countless shipwreck that be spread across the sea floor . they stare at a school of shark -- on there side in the bright sand -- flapping , drowning in AIR . the lions of the deep reduced to helplessness . carina smyth ( cont ’d ) look there . in the sea wall before they , rise up like a canyon , they see a huge blue whale swim lazily past . like a fish ina tropical aquarium , but on a scale of the pyramid . jack sparrow there it be . in the distance -- through the shipwreck and hill of seaweed -- they see the golden tomb lying in the sand . above they -- the silent mary crest the top of the sea -- and now sail straight down toward they -- the ship completely vertical as captain brand and he men stand on deck -- eyeing jack and carina --— jack sparrow ( cont ’d ) hurry . the trident in jack 's hand as they head for poseidon 's tomb -— — all around they -- looming -- the vertical wall of water -- a towering menace threatening to release . the seas held back but fighting to be free -— — nothing but blue skie overhead . 114 . ext . - black pearl . - continuous barbossa be at the wheel of the black pearl -- stare down over the side -- try to lower a rope -- melia appear behind he now -- she 's come from the silent mary -- she cut the rope in he hand -- swing her dagger toward barbossa -- the injured pirate fighting her off -- melia backing he up -— — melia ' tis time to die . barbossa drawing blackbeard's sword -- try to fend her off -- but her power be too strong now -- melia ( cont 'd ) that sword will not save you -- she 's using her power to push he sword to the side -- leaving barbossa with no weapon . ext . - ocean floor . - continuous jack and carina be racing through the shipwreck -- treasure strewn about -- the cargo of each ship lying untouched at the bottom of the sea . they climb a tall bed of seaweed and slide down the other side -- they rush through the now sunken cave that held the map -- jack stopping for a beat to eye the diamond on the wall -- carina smyth jack -- there ! ! she motion to the golden tomb in front of they -- both look back -- the silent mary be sailing across the sand dune at the bottom of the sea --— ext . - black pearl . - continuous barbossa be backing up from melia . she 's got he cornered now -- be ready to kill he . melia you secret be safe , Captain barbossa . she will never know the truth . Dead Men tell no tale . suddenly a knife be plunged into melia 's back -- and she lets out a horrible scream - — — 115 . henry maddox be behind her -- the kid be holding blackbeard 's sword -- hold it like a soldier -- as she turn and stab he with her dagger -- henry and melia lying side by side on the deck --— henry look up as olivia appear before he . she 's with he -— - holding he -- olivia it 's okay . we ’1ll be together now . suddenly we see agony in henry 's eye -- a agony not from any pain -- henry maddox I be sorry . I can not come with you . henry slowly sit up -- look at her . and now she sees he’s go to live . it 's the witch who have died . olivia I will be wait . she kiss he -- a long kiss that she know will be her last . she then slowly step back -- olivia ( cont 'd ) forever . ext . - ocean floor . - continuous jack and carina be at poseidon 's tomb -- both struggling to push the heavy lid aside --— as captain brand appear before they with jack sword . they stand frozen before brand and he dead men . captain brand this be you sword , Jack sparrow . brand hold jack 's sword in front of he -- captain brand ( cont ’d ) it will cut you throat -- exactly as I cut my own -- jack sparrow this be the part I be hope to avoid . and now brand lift jack 's sword -- just as the witch predicted -- swing it down -- 116 . but at the last second jack raise the trident in front of he -- the sword slicing through the trident -- SPARKS flying as the trident be CUT in half -- we see the ancient scepter drop to the sand -— everything turning dark and gray --— the ground starting to shift -- the sand parting --— and a hole start to OPEN -- as the dead start to crawl out from the bottom of the sea -- all of the dead who be kill by brand in the triangle -- sae ean ns out from the dirt and muck and out of the sailor and soldier alike stand together -- brand and he men now surrounded by these ghost --— ghost who be LED by eric brand -- who now hold the trident . eric you kill this man . sank they ship . they die by you hand and be force through the gate of hell . captain brand Eric -- brother -- we can be together again . we can rule the sea ! eric we will be together . forever . brand and he ghost backing away now -- as the ghost grab they -- pull they back down into the blackness at the bottom of the triangle -- the dead men finishing there own tale as the scream ghost be pulled beneath the sea floor -- sucked down into the gate of hell forever -- captain brand the last to go -— — jack and carina see that the wall of water be starting to buckle all around they -- and then jack notice something in the distance -- jack sparrow there ... 117 . it 's a anchor dropped from the black pearl -- and at the end of the anchor be barbossa -- holding on and swinging with he hand out -- barbossa hurry ! ! the wall of water caving in now -- as jack and carina both run toward a coral reef , jump up and reach for barbossa and the bottom of the anchor -- they both hold on -- the wall collapsing in and the ocean violently coming back together -- as barbossa raise he sword -- use all of its power as the anchor swing up toward the surface -- moving quickly as the sea begins to collapse all around they -— as jack and carina come flying through the hole in the sea -- be thrown to the side of the pearl -- the two of they holding onto the side of the ship -- clinging to the rail -- as they look back down into the hole in the sea -- where barbossa remains at the bottom of the anchor -- the sea have he now -- be surging all around and be starting to pull the anchor down with he -- the black pearl starting to tip over as the sea drag the anchor down -- the ship teeter on the edge -- about to be pulled in -- and barbossa know he have no choice -- remove he pirate hat and with one mighty swing barbossa use blackbeard 's sword to CUT the anchor that he’s holding -- carina smyth no. no !!!! the wall of water caving in on he as he eye remain fix on carina -- and hector barbossa be slowly swallowed up by the sea -- as the black pearl rights itself with a mighty splash -- the fog lifting all around they -- 118 . to reveal a calm and perfect sea --— jack looking down -- slowly reach up and take off he own hat . jack sparrow a pirate 's life . ext . - british port . - day week later the black pearl be docked in a busy port . scrum and gibb be loading the ship -- barking order at henry maddox -- no longer dressed as a soldier . he wear the clothes of a pirate and he carry a sword . scrum Sand the keel and scrape that barnacle , boy ! Captain sparrow will not tolerate any dally ! henry maddox aye , Mr. scrum . gibb move it , lucky . we be prepare to sail with the sun . henry maddox Mr. Gibbs , be it true there be a pound of gold wait for each man ? gibb two pound -- you will see ! at the dock -- carina hold a suitcase -- be preparing to board a waiting coach . jack be stand with her -- jack sparrow what be Oxford ? carina smyth it 's a University . I x11 be the first female astronomy student . assume they believe my story . jack sparrow oh , I think they 'il believe it . carina smyth and how can you be so sure ? jack sparrow maybe this will help . and now jack hand her '' the eye '' -- the yellow diamond sparkling in her hand . carina smyth what kind of pirate give up he treasure ? 119 . and now he open he other hand -- which be full of diamond . jack sparrow who say I have give anything up ? carina smyth I will keep this diamond with the hope that one day you 's 1ll do the right thing . jack sparrow and what might that be ? carina smyth you be a pirate . steal it back . carina get into the coach -- and the horse take off . watch for a beat --— int . - coach . - continuous carina sit in the coach with some very well dressed , dignified looking men . she take out a leather flask a long stiff drink -- offer they the flask -— — carina smyth pirate 's tea , anyone ? the men look horrified as she sit back and smile -— — out the window of the coach -- her clover earring dangling in the SUN . ext . —- black pearl . - day jack -- have look the ship be still docked as jack step on board -- hand all of the diamond to scrum -- jack sparrow as promise , give this diamond to the crew , scrum . scrum aye , sir. gibb walk up to jack -- 120 . gibb good news , Captain . one of the man find this wash ashore in the harbor . how 's that for luck ? gibb be holding jack sword . jack hesitate for a long beat -- then take he sword and put it in he belt -— mr . gibb so where we head , Jack ? jack sparrow we will be follow the star , Mr. Gibbs . wherever they may take we . gibb it 's good to have the Black Pearl back , be it not , Captain ? jack sparrow I have be think , Gibbs . perhaps this ship could use a new name . a name to strike fear into we enemy -- and bring we more treasure than we could imagine . gibb and what name do you have in mind , Sir ? ext . - british harbor . - sunset as the ship sail from the harbor and head out to sea -- we tilt down to see the new name on the back . carve into the aft be a single word -- barbossa ext . - barbossa . - continuous captain jack sparrow be at the wheel of the barbossa -- sailing toward a perfect red sunset . he have he ship -- he crew -- nothing but the ocean and the star in front of he . as he sail off toward the horizon -- the pirate' life continue -- fade out :