pitch black screenplay by David twohy base on material by Ken and Jim wheat revise first draft 3/3/98 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . note also : the hard copy of this script be in the non - preformat font " time new roman " . this have be change to preformatted text for this soft copy . though mention often in the script , the creature in pitch black be seldom see at length ; rather , they be glimpse , they be hear , they be feel . they be , really , the embodiment of you nocturnal fear : a howling coyote that jar you awake ; the painting on the wall that come to life when stare at too long ... the sway of you bed just before the earthquake hit . chimera of the night . the point be make so the reader appreciate that the focus of the finish film will not be on what the creature do , but on what the creature do to reveal the inner nature of the character . for pitch black be , at its heart , a story of humanity and courage -- and lack of the same . David twohy CUT in : int . MAIN cabin a cryo - locker blows OPEN , spitting out ... carolyn fry . she hit the deck of the main cabin : four crew locker in a forward section , countless more in back . but the deck be cant at a sick angle and alarm scream everywhere : the world be die around she . leg wobbly , shiver like a flu victim , fry stumble to the next forward locker . it 's riddled with hole . one dead crewie be see through fracture plexi , body pock and bloody . but in the next cryo-locked ... the captain be struggle awake . fry 's face flood with relief . slap a intercom : fry hear I ? cap and ? some kinda compromise to the hull ... hold for now , but ... goddamn , I be glad you be alive . gotta pull you e-release ... no , red handle , red handle . I will get the warm - up out while -- phfut - phfut -phfut -phfut : particle bore through the cabin , blast open the captain 's chest , shatter plexi , detonating instrument on the opposite wall and leave contrail hissing in the air . fry land on she ass , horrify . suddenly ... another locker blows OPEN . a body fall right on top of fry -- but this one 's still alive . disorient , frantic : owen why do I fall on you ? fry he 's dead . cap and 's dead . Christ , I be look right at he when -- owen I mean , I mean , chrono show we be 22 week out , so gravity be not suppose to kick in for another 19 . I mean , I mean , I mean , why do I fall at all ? fry you hear I ? Captain 's dead . owen too . owen oh , no . not owen , not .... wai ' , wai ' , wait . I be owen . right ? they swap nightmare look , momentarily unsure of they own identity . fry cryo-sleep . swear to God , it slough brain cell . int . nav - BAY - MAIN cabin they stumble into nav-bay . alarm continue . fry grab warm - up suit out of storage , pitch one to owen , check she screen . fry 1550 millibar , drop 20 mb per minute , shit , we be hemorrhage air . somethin ' take a swipe at we . owen just tell I we be still in the shipping lane . just show I all that star , all that bright , beautiful , deep -space .... owen activate a exterior view : a planet rush up at we . that 's why they have gravity . fry Jesus God .... ext . ship - planet' atmosphere - day the ship plows through the upper atmosphere , antennae pylon already disintegrate . int . passage to flight deck heart batter she rib , fry run forward , use hand - hold to steady herself . over a headset : owen ( v.o. ) they train you for this , right ? fry ? fry ? she do not answer . int . flight deck - day fry harness in , start run switch -- but fumble a few time , make mental error . finally she get crash - shutter open to reveal ... cloud strata sweeping up past the windscreen like floor- light on a drop elevator . we be shed big altitude . int . nav - BAY - MAIN cabin owen ... crisis program select number two of this system because it show at least some oxygen and more than 1,500 -- would you shut the fuck up ! ( hammer a button , silences alarm ) -- more than 1,500 - millibar of pressure at surface - level . okay , so maybe the ship do something right for a change .... int . flight deck - day as fry run more switch . int . ship - day as jettison door close around the ship . int . flight deck - day as fry flip up a security - latch -- and thumb the switch below . ext . ship - planet' atmosphere - day multiple shot : explosive bolt rapid - FIRE around the ship 's skin , blow away non-essentials that hinder aerodynamics -- include big deep - space drive . but this last separation put the ship into a dangerous roll . int . flight deck - day out the windscreen , cloud strata roll vertiginously . fry throw actuator ... ext . ship - planet' atmosphere - day and airbrake deploy . she manage to kill the roll . but the ship 's still come in nose-high . int . nav - BAY - MAIN cabin owen ... show no major water body ... maximum terrain , 220 meter over mean surface ... largely cinder and gypsum with some evaporite deposit .... jettison door close behind owen , segregate he from the passenger compartment . it scare he for a new reason . owen fry ? what be you do ? int . flight deck - day fry flip up a new security - latch . intercutting : owen fry ? fry can not get my nose down ... too much load back there .... owen you mean that " load " of passenger ? fry so what , we should both go down too ? out of sheer fuck nobility ? torture silence . fry 's thumb move to the switch that will jettison the passenger cabin . jettison 50 people . int . MAIN cabin selected shot of face inside cryo-locker , among they johns . he 's prime - of - life , badge on display , some kind of cop . shaken awake , he clear condensation to check the locker directly across from he , find ... riddick . small black goggle hide he eye . a metal bit wedge in he mouth lend a perpetual grimace . a read - out admonish " lock - out protocol in effect . absolutely no early release . " int . flight deck - day owen look , fry . company say we be responsible for every one of that -- fry company 's not here , be it ? owen when captain go down , you step up -- whether you like it or not . now they train you for this , so -- fry and there be not a simulate cockroach alive within 50 click of the simulate crash site ! that 's how they train you ! on a fuck simulator ! owen unbuckle from he chair . owen do not touch that switch ! overcome by guilt , fry retract she thumb of mass destruction . but a huge jolt put the thumb right back . fry I be not die for they . she push it . but this time ... ext . ship - planet' atmosphere - day no bolt fire . nothing separate from the ship that scream down through the cloud . int . nav - BAY - MAIN cabin now we see why : owen reopen the jettison door locally -- and block they open . fry owen ! owen 70 second ! you still get 70 second to level this beast out ! int . flight deck - day seethe anger and guilt , fry pop more airbrake , shed more speed , more heat . the ship do level -- but it 's still be pound hellishly . she try to get a stable view out ... the windscreen . we be break through cloud-bottom . there 's just a glimpse of landscape before ... ext . ship - planet' atmosphere - day a airbrake fail . it shear off and pinwheel into ... int . flight deck - day the windscreen . it crack into a thousand spiderweb -- but impossibly it hold . for now . owen ( v.o. ) what the shit be that ? sunlight flare from every fracture edge : it 's like look into burn diamond , and fry can only get a impression of the outside world . now she have to rely on ... a ground - mapp display . 120 meter altitude . and drop . int . cryo - locker - day intercut johns . realizing he 's in some kind of shit-storm , he claw at safety restraint . int . flight deck - day Ground - mapper : 60 meter . collision alarm kick in . out the fracture windscreen , we see a huge dark mass rise up into view . land . 40 meter ...30 ... 20... 10 .... fry brace . impact . the windscreen implode . AIR hurricane in . int . nav - BAY - MAIN cabin impact . chair rip from they mooring . strapped into one , owen slam into the ceiling . int . MAIN cabin - day impact . johns blows out of he locker -- and wish to God he would have stay inside , because just beside he ... the hull be crack open . nightmare shot : a huge section of the cabin tear free ... skitter and crash along the planetfloor behind we ... and disintegrate out of sight . 40 cryo-locker vanish with it . 40 life . int . flight deck - day hammere by wind , fry open she eye experimentally . fry' Pov : a vortex of motion , of speed , of blur debris . but the ship be burrow in . burrow under . fry pivot she chair 180 degree a nanosecond before ... dirt avalanch into the cockpit . it bury camera . blackout int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - day choke yellow dust . ghostly silhouettes be coughing , moaning , calling out to other survivor in English and , surreally , in Arabic . soon we find ... johns . ear run blood . stumble he way to ... riddick 's cryo-locker . empty . johns reach for he holster . go , tear right off he belt . no prisoner and no weapon -- spooky combination . nearby he see ... the light of a cut torch . someone 's use it to open a jamme cryo-locker . the plexi be torch away to reveal ... audrey , 12 year old . unscathed . audrey somethin ' go wrong , huh ? johns search for he pistol . behind he , two chain foot lower into frame -- and then attack , swinging over johns ' head ... get the chain on he neck ... twist hard , use the chain as a choke-collar . johns flick open a baton , swing it up at ... riddick . still in body chain and mouth -bit . cling to a ceiling support . Riding out the baton blow . second from black out , johns strain forward ... forward ... and finally break riddick 's grip on the support . he keep hold of the chain foot so that ... riddick slam headfirst into the deck . johns lay the baton on he neck . johns one chance and you blow it , riddick . never cease to disappoint I . int . flight deck - crash ship - day darkness . a light beam sweep the dusty air of the cockpit . it 's pack with dirt , no sign of life . about to search elsewhere , johns turn back at ... fry ( o.s. ) hey . johns hey , who ? fry ( o.s. ) hey , I . over here . his light find a headrest stick up from the dirt . johns crawl closer , check the other side of the headrest and find she . fry. buried to the gill . johns amazing . I be johns . fry carolyn fry . I would shake hand , but ... he manage a smile and start digging she out . almost dread to ask : fry be there any other , johns ? int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - day johns help fry through the carnage . she 's stunne by it all -- but especially by the blast of sunlight where a hull use to be . realizing she 's in nav-bay , fry start digging like a search dog to uncover ... owen . still strapped to he chair . Metal rod pierce he chest close to the heart . Dead . fry reach out to touch he . owen out , out , out , get it outta I ! she recoil hard . he 's still alive . the other survivor bungle over . ten second of pure chaos : voice pull it out of he ... no , it 's too close to the heart ... you gotta do it , just do it fast .... fry grab the rod . owen do not touch it ! do not touch that switch ! voice you will kill he , I be tellin ' you , shit , just leave it alone ... delirious ... doncha you get some drug for this poor man .... owen do not touch that switch ! fry awright , awright , someone ... there 's anestaphine in the med-lock , that end of the cabin ... next to .... but there be no more " that end . " in exquisite pain , owen scream on . reaction shot of johns , audrey . seldom be human being witness to such raw suffer . fry get away . everybody . the other leave -- except for audrey , stay behind to watch in morbid fascination . johns double back and collar she . leave , they pass ... riddick , cuffed to a bulkhead . his eye , still hide by goggle , track johns and audrey toward daylight . ext . crash ship - day the survivor straggle outside . camera survey new face : zeke and shazza . male -female team of bushwhacker , partner in life . shazza have a tough sexiness . Zeke 's face show aboriginal blood . ( 30 . ) paris . overfed , overgroom . a puff pastry of a man . ( 40s or 5as . ) four male " chrislam " : the pillar-steady imam ( 50ish ) , and three pilgrims , young and excitable ( late - teens ) . ( note : the chrislam represent a union between Christianity and Islam . they have the iconography of Christians yet the physical look of arab Muslims . ) wide shot : all around they be stark and unforgive terrain . the valley floor be relieved only by low hill to one side , spike with earthen spire . scorch down on everything be two sun -- one red , one yellow . paris well . we own little slice of heaven . the chrislam fall to they knee . confusion as they try to orient themselves . imam please ... which way to New Mecca ? we must know the direction in order to pray . North ? South ? East ? West ? nobody know . johns snap open a compass , find the needle sway rudderlessly . the scream inside the ship finally end . int . crash ship - day as fry hold owen , now dead . ext . crash ship - day the four chrislam have devise a way to pray : back together , each face a different compass point . ext . top of crash ship - day fry climb onto the back of the ship . johns Paris , Zeke , shazza , audrey be already here . johns Big talk about a scout party ... fry see the huge smolder scar in the ground behind the ship . one glance confirm that there be no other survivor . johns ( cont 'd ) ... then we see this . paris anyone else have breathe problem ? aside from I ? audrey like I just run , or something .... shazza feel one lung short . all of we . paris well , I tend toward the asthmatic . and with all this dust .... face turn to fry : they be look to she for answer . fry it 's the atmosphere . too much pressure , not enough oxygen . might take a few day to -- zeke so what the bloody hell happen , anyways ? fry somethin ' knock we off-lane . maybe a rogue comet . maybe we will never know . shazza well , I for one , be thoroughly fuck grateful . this beast be not make to land like this . but cripe , you ride it down . ( to other ) C 'mon , you lousy ingrates , only reason we be alive be a'cuzza she . other chime agreement , lay thankful hand on fry 's shoulder . hold on fry , she face betray nothing as they anoint she they savior . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - day break out pressure suit : fry liquid oxygen canister inside . start rip they out . Quick hit only -- try to make it last . audrey well , be someone come for we ? or be we all just gonna die of exposure or dehydration or sunstroke or maybe even something worse ? ( off they look ) hey , you do not have to worry about scare I . shazza we be worried you will scare we . ( ushere she away ) name 's " audrey , " right , love ? and you be goin ' to Taurus Three like we be ? audrey yeah , but ... do we even have enough food to get there ? or will we have to resort to cannibalism ? zeke ( to fry ) I will see ' bout makin ' this air go a bit further , cap and . with you permission , a' course . fry blink . < i > " they actually think I be the captain . " < / i> Zeke and the other get to work . fry find herself stare at another problem . riddick . fry and he ? johns Big evil ? fry we just keep he lock up forever ? johns be my choice . already escape once from the max - slam facility on -- fry I do not need he life story . be he really that dangerous ? johns only around human . riddick have he mouth on the hull , virtually lick the metal . fry move closer -- and now see it sheet down the hull . fry oh , Christ .... they be lose water . suddenly fry be run , snatching up a emergency light , climb wall - rung ... int . machine level - crash ship - day and crawl through dusty superstructure to reach the water cistern . she open a crank -hatch -- and find light invade the interior . her face die . zeke ( v.o. ) ( shouting ) well ? be it just the pump ? fry ask if anyone have anything in cargo ! anything to drink ! int . cargo hold - day oversize door rumble open . fry , johns , and Paris climb into this dark corridor line with cargo container . each container have a access door . paris mine here .... as Paris unlock , johns steady himself , suddenly light -headed . fry s'matter ? johns Little swamp - flu from the conga system . never shook it with all this cryo-sleep . Paris open he container to reveal ... int . paris ' container - cargo hold - day Tiffany chair stack 10 high . bronze eagle lectern . Oriental umbrella . neo-egyptian casting . johns King tut 's tomb .... paris be surprised what this will fetch in the Taurus system . here . this wooten here -- easy , easy . very rare . they open the wooten desk . cubbyhole inside be dusty bottle of sherry . vintage port. glenfiddich . bicardi 151 . fry this be it ? booze ? that 's what you have to drink ? paris ( educate she ) 200 - year- old single - malt scotch be to " booze " as foie gras be to " duck gut . " johns ( crack a bottle ) a toast to whatever he just say . paris I will need a receipt for that . ( to fry ) for all this . fry top of my list . she join johns for a drink . enter , the chrislam watch with both envy and aversion . fry I do not suppose .... imam one of the Christian habit we do not adopt -- perhaps unfortunately . we will have to wait . johns for what ? there be no water . you understand that , do not you ? imam all desert have water , somewhere . God shall lead we there . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - day start on the cut torch , abandon in wreckage . stare at it be ... riddick . with he hand cuffed behind he and around a bulkhead , he can not get near it . or can he ? near the ceiling , the bulkhead be fracture -- a slim spot where maybe chain could pass through . riddick stand . with a gruesome popping , he dislocate both shoulder ... carry he arm overhead ... pass the chain through the break spot ... and bring he arm down in front of he . a body - flex pop he shoulder back into joint . free , he reach for the cut torch . ext . crash ship - day pistol in hand , johns run into a big closeup , eye sweeping . nothing on the horizon . but something lie on the ground nearby . it 's riddick 's mouth - bit . johns like we need another way to die . int . cargo hold - day fast closeup : hand pillaging storage locker , pull out anything that might qualify as a " weapon . " it all get haul back and dumped into ... int . nav BAY - crash ship - day nav-bay . gather , the survivor take inventory : johns have a pistol , shotgun , baton . Zeke and shazza offer up a pick -ax , digging tool , hunt boomerang . imam show a ceremonial blade . Paris straggle in with antique curio . johns what the hell be this ? paris maratha crow-bill war-pick from Northern India . very rare . zeke a ' this ? paris blow -dart hunt stick from papua New guinea . very very rare , since the tribe 's extinct . zeke ' cuz they could not hunt shit with this thing , be my guess . paris well , what 's the need , anyway ? if he 's go , he 's go . why should he bother we ? johns first , because he can only live out there for so long -- he 's gonna come back and take what we get . second , for the sheer thrill of the kill . a beat . they all grab for weapon . ext . crash ship - day johns stand atop the crash ship , scan with a scope . he fixate on ... a blue glow on the horizon . < i > " what the hell be it ? " < / i> Zeke and shazza modify breather unit , add strap and tub and ball - float . the prototype be test on audrey . she suck on the mouthpiece -- and find that it work , supplying oxygen on demand rather than in a constant flow . chrislam convert to traditional bedouin head - gear , readying for travel . fry finish wrapping owen ' body . she look to the yellow sun , low on the horizon . the red sun seem inclined to follow . fry imam . we should leave soon . before nightfall but while it 's cooler . zeke what , you be goin ' off , too ? fry johns be leave you a gun . just do I a favor , huh ? get my crewy bury ? they be good guy who die bad . shazza a'course we will . pilgrim # 1 ( o.s. ) imam ... imam .... ( note : " imam " be pronounce " el-ee -mam . " ) fry and the other round the ship to see ... a blue star flaring into view . it 's rise as the other sun be set . shazza my bloody oath .... audrey Three sun ? zeke ( to fry ) so much for you nightfall . paris so much for my cocktail hour . imam we take this to be a good sign -- a path , a direction from God . johns swing down from the top of the ship . johns a very good sign . ( be : blue sun ) that 's riddick 's direction . you do not wanna be catch in the dark with this guy . fry think you find he restraint over there . toward sunset . johns ( nodd ) which mean he go toward sunrise . ext . planet - day trekk , the chrislam waft incense pot and chant from the koran as they head toward the blue star . johns provide shotgun escort ; fry carry Paris ' second war-pick on a shoulder . silhouett against the alien sky , the scout party be a odd , odd sight . already sun -batter , johns craft a eye-visor out of plexi . fry try to wrap she head like the chrislam . imam help . fry so quiet . you get use to the sound of the ship , then .... imam you know who Muhammad be ? fry some prophet guy ? imam " some prophet guy . " and a city man . but he have to travel to the desert -- where there be quiet -- to hear the word of God . fry you be on a pilgrimage ? to New Mecca ? imam ( nodd ) chrislam teach that once in every lifetime should there be a great hajj -- a great pilgrimage . to know God , better , yes , but to know yourself as well . fry frighten think . imam ( finish wrapping she ) we be all on the same hajj now . fry notice johns scope-locked on something . fry what ? johns ( hand she scope ) tell I it 's not a mirage . scope Pov : Beyond a distant rise , strange branch . fry tree ? ext . crash ship - day Paris have take over as look - out atop the ship . he deal with the heat by erecting a " mist " umbrella : he fill a reservoir with liquor , dial up a regulator . umbrella spar shoot burst of cool alcohol vapor . Paris luxuriate in it . zeke ( o.s. ) comfy up there ? Zeke appear below . he load a scrap-metal sled with tarp , cable , pick -ax . paris amazing how you can do without the essential of life -- so long as you have the luxury . zeke well , just keep you bloody - fuckin ' eye open . do not want that ratbag sneakin ' up on I bloody - fuckin ' arse . he drag the sled toward the spire hill . keeping one eye on Zeke , Paris ease into a chair , lay the war-pick across he lap , pour himself a spot of sherry . as he sip , a blade touch he throat . audrey he would probably get you right here , right under the jaw . and you would never hear he come . that 's how good riddick be . Paris ease the hunt boomerang away . paris now do you run away from you parent ? or do they run away from you ? ext . boneyard overlook - day the scout party approach a rise . the tree loom just beyond . pilgrims allahu akbar ... allahu akbar .... the young pilgrim break into a excited run , anticipate a oasis . but fry hang back , take a harder look at the tree . they do not move in the wind . the pilgrim scramble up the rise -- and go motionless . fry , johns and imam catch up to behold ... the " tree " be actually the dorsal bone of a titanic skeleton , tinted green by lichen . Beyond be a sea of bleach animal bone . impossibly , the bone seem to moan in pain . all tell , it 's like Hell overflow right here . fry be this whole planet dead ? a pilgrim question imam in arabic . imam he ask what could have kill so many great thing ... ext . boneyard - day move into the boneyard : imam some ... communal graveyard , perhaps ... like the elephant of Earth .... fry touch one of the tower bone . it show cut -mark -- almost as if the bone be hack by a sword . < i > " graveyard ? or kill field ? " < / i > johns Long time ago . whatever happen . ext . skull - boneyard - day pilgrim # 1 reach a huge skull lace with baleen - like comb . wind hit the comb make a low harmonic moaning . by move a hand over the comb , the pilgrim can " play " dirgelike music . wanting to show off the trick : pilgrim # 1 ah .... he look for pilgrim # 3 but can not spot he . and when he turn back to the skull -- a face be stare through the comb . but it 's only ... int . skull - boneyard - day pilgrim # 3 , inside the skull . johns enter and chase he out . about to leave , johns notice ... bone-chippings pile on the ground . it could be nothing , but still ... johns double - check shadow , probing with the muzzle of he shotgun . satisfied , johns exit . now boom up to reveal ... riddick . Hidden in a sinus cavity . ext . skull - boneyard - day trail the other , fry pause to change out the o2 on she breather . int . skull - boneyard - day riddick drop to the ground . his arm and hand be now pierce with shard of boneyard ivory -- fashionable little body talon . spot a shadow on the comb , he draw closer . and see fry. alone . ext . skull - boneyard - day johns double back to fry . he take a hit of scotch , offer she some . fry probably make it worse . dehydrate you even more . johns probably right . they drink anyway . move out of the sun , fry lean up against the comb . it bring she within arm 's length of ... int . skull - boneyard - day riddick . he pull a bone-shiv , freshly chisele . johns ( o.s. ) you know , I woulda play road dog for this guy . you could have stay back . pro'bly should have -- because , you know , if we do not find water .... < i > " we may not make it back . " < / i> fry ( o.s. ) no , no , I want to get away . johns ( o.s. ) so I notice . never see a " captain " quite so ready to leave she ship . just as riddick ease he blade toward fry 's neck ... ext . skull - boneyard - day she step away . fry better keep move .... johns what would owen mean ? ' Bout not touch the switch ? fry search he eye , wonder if she can trust he -- and again she lean back on the comb . we can actually see riddick now . they could too , if they would just turn the fuck around ! johns ( cont 'd ) hey . you can tell I , carolyn . fry promise I . swear to I you will not -- johns you see anybody else here ? just between you and I . fry during the landing ... when thing be at they worst ... owen be at he best . he 's the one who would not let the pilot dump the passenger cabin . johns blink , stunne . < i > " be you shittin ' I ? " < / i> int . skull - boneyard - day try again , riddick reach out with he shiv -- and deftly slice off some of fry 's hair . a locket . a souvenir . that 's all he want . fry ( o.s. ) so now you know . johns ( o.s. ) fuck . guess I be more glad to be here than I think . riddick watch they move off -- then look at the scotch bottle , leave behind . it 's still get one good swallow . ext . start of gauntlet - day leave the boneyard , the scout party reach a cleft in the hill . ahead be a canyon . johns hold up . he jump onto a rock , put the scope to a eye . johns ( cont 'd ) do not bite . fry what ? johns think he might be coolin ' it in the boneyard -- could either double - back to the ship or slip in behind we . so I leave the bottle out as bait . scope Pov : panning the boneyard . finding the bottle . it 's still get that one swallow . johns ( cont 'd ) but nah . do not bite . ext . boneyard - day closer on the bottle . only we see that the scotch have be emptied -- and replace with sand . ext . grave site - spire hill - day work under the shade of a tarp , Zeke dig a communal grave . Three wrap corpse wait nearby . he keep a sight - line on ... the crash ship . shazza wave . Zeke wave back . ext . ribcage - the gauntlet - day the scout party transit a narrowing canyon . line with rib bone , it make we feel like we be in the belly of some beast . fry squint at the ridgetop . more of that spire be visible on the canyon rim , loom like silent sentinels . < i > " what be they ? just mineral deposit ? " < / i > pilgrim # 1 captain...captain .... the chrislam have find what appear to be a small desert plant . leathery petal be spread wide , revealing a round stringy core . arabic discussion . Desert fruit ? be it edible ? fry wait , wait , wait .... fry take the " plant , " push the " petal " back down over the core . they all stare . it 's a baseball . imam we be not alone here , yes ? they look ahead , wonder what await they . but johns be look back . johns never think we be . ext . settlement - day high angle : a old weather cock creak in the wind . fry , johns , and the chrislam enter frame far below . pilgrim # 1 assalamoo ahlaykum ! the greet echoes through the settlement , build from stack shipping container . tatter sun - shade flap in the wind . a rusty bike lie on the ground . pilgrim # 2 assalamoo ahlaykum ! johns Long go . whoever they be . they move around a building -- and pull up short . before they loom a moisture - recovery unit , a hulk machine in disrepair . Old jug litter the ground . imam Water ... water there be here .... pilgrims allahu akbar .... imam ( translate ) " God be great , " yes ? johns I be born-again . fry manage a weary smile -- but soon she eye revisit the abandon building . < i > " who be this people ? why do they leave so much behind ? " < / i> int . MAIN room - settlement - day through a window , we see the johns and the chrislam crawl over the moisture - recovery unit , assess repair . pull back to include fry inside the settlement , inspect ... refectory table . place setting out . year of dust . photo on the wall : settler work modest garden . play baseball . pose with child . int . live quarter - settlement - day fry enter a dark room . fry light . no response to she command . she pat around for old - style wall switch . nothing . perceive black - out blind on a window , she throw they open to reveal ... a man stand right outside . johns ( through window ) hey . do not go too far , huh ? fry nod . johns smile , leave . just as she heart settles , something creak behind she . it 's a orrery , a mechanical device that show the motion of the planet around they sun . solar power , the orrery start turn , creaking . one planet seem always to have sunlight . fry no darkness . no light because no darkness .... ext . porch - settlement - day fry reach a porch . it look out over the rear of the settlement and more unforgive terrain . she start back inside -- but something glint at the edge of she vision . fry turn back ... part clothes on a laundry line ... and see the source of the glint . excite hit on she breather . fry vault off the porch -- and start walk as if on magnetic bear . soon she 's run . ext . settlement - day fry ( v.o. ) allahu akbar ! allahu akbar ! johns and the chrislam trade look . ext . skiff - day fry allahu akbar ! fry stop on a groom runway , out of breath . the other catch up . they too marvel at ... the skiff , a light - duty vehicle of hybrid technology -- part bush plane , part space craft . its fabric wing be wind - tear -- but the hull look intact . ext . top of crash ship - day close on caviar be add to toast- point . a scrabbling SOUND stop Paris in mid-bite . he ease out of he rocker , move to the rear edge of the ship and look down on ... a shadow ducking under he . small rock still trickle down a dirt rampart just climb by ... someone . paris this now qualify as the worst fun I have ever have . stop it . no response . ext . crash ship - day war-pick in hand , Paris ease to ground -level . he check the perimeter , look inside the ship . nobody . be he be fuck with ? again ? he hope ? paris audrey ? oh , audrey .... audrey ( o.s. ) what ? Paris spin . the voice come from the cargo hold -- and not where he expect . int . cargo hold - day blade of sunlight stream in through crack in the hull . Paris enter to find shazza and audrey cut open container , search for usable goods . paris tell I that be you . audrey okay , it be I . what would I do now ? paris assail my fragile sense of security , that 's what . shazza what be you goin ' on about ? she 's be right here for the last .... they all see it : sun-blade be momentarily block by something pass outside . someone . shazza ( a quiet probe ) Zeke ? no answer . audrey spring to the other side of hold , put a eye to a crack there . hull - crack Pov : Far away , Zeke finish digging the grave . he start toward the ship . audrey whirl back , mouth a silent alarm : " riddick ! " Paris go bloodless . shazza grab the war-pick out of he freeze hand , move catlike to the main door and poise there , ready to strike . audrey follow with the hunt boomerang . all eye watch as ... the sun -blade , winking off and on , chart riddick 's approach : we feel like we be inside a magician 's sword box , watch the blade shave closer and closer to we . suddenly he appear ... and shazza swing hard . audrey no ! facing they be a total stranger -- burn , half naked , one hand still clutching the emergency - release lever of he cryo-locker . shazza stop one inch short of kill he . total stranger I think ... my God , I think I be the only one who .... he lurch toward shazza , try to embrace she -- and see blood and brain-bit blam-blamming against she . his own . the stranger sink bonelessly to the ground . fast rack to reveal Zeke in the background , pistol levele . he read shazza 's horrify face -- and understand what he 's do . paris oh , Lord .... audrey it be just somebody else . from the crash . he be just .... zeke cripe galore , I think it be he . the murderin ' ratbag . I think he be .... he rush over to check the dead stranger . as he bend down , fast rack again to reveal riddick in the background . he stand 20 pace off , still unseen by the other . his goggle eye covet ... Zeke 's breather . ext . skiff - day fry exit the skiff . fry no juice , look like it 's be laid up for year . but we might be able to adapt -- johns shut up . outside , johns have a ear cocked to the wind . johns ( cont 'd ) sorry . think I hear something . fry like what ? johns like my pistola . ext . grave site - spire hill - day start on the drag-sle carry Corpse # 4 -- the stranger . Zeke reach the grave . the sun - tarp have fall on one side , block the sight - line between ship and grave . Zeke start to unload the body -- but see something he do not notice before : there 's some kind of open at the bottom of the grave . zeke now what the bloody hell .... Zeke hop down into the grave . camera move to reveal riddick hide among the spire . he 's be wait for a chance just like this . ext . grave - day Zeke drop to all four . look into the tunnel . there seem to be some kind of burrow beyond . burrow Pov : stare back at Zeke . Zeke take a handlight off he belt , shine it into the burrow . it 's the last thing he ever do . int . / ext . crash ship - day as more gunshot jar Paris , audrey , shazza . ext . grave - day furious closeup : Zeke fight for he life . pistol blasting . something slashing at he . blood dance on air . ext . crash ship - day shazza sprint across hard - pack , head for ... ext . grave site - spire hill - day the grave . she slap aside the tarp to find ... riddick . bone-shiv in hand , he just stand on the other side of the grave . shazza look down . and scream . ext . spire hill - day camera pursue riddick as he lope through the spire , run from the scene of the crime . he turn a blind corner -- and something nearly blows he head off at close range . he hit ground . a boot step on he neck , keep he there . johns same crap , different planet , huh ? ext . settlement - day suck on they breather , fry and the chrislam make it back to the ship . they find johns beat riddick like a chain dog . johns ... I do not play that ... I do not play that so just try again . c'mon , riddick , tell I a better lie .... fry ease up , ease up . johns ! just tell I what .... she haul he off -- only to have shazza start punch riddick . shazza what would you do with 'im ? you bloody sick animal you , what ' dja do with I Zeke ? ext . grave site - spire hill - day fry and johns stand over the grave . it 's a gory mess -- but no sign of Zeke . johns have riddick 's confiscate shiv . fry he use that ? johns Sir shiv-a-lot . he like to cut . fry so why be not it all bloody ? johns I assume he lick it clean . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - day riddick be back in chain , face pulpy from the beat , listen to sotto voce voice outside . fry enter , look at he hard . fry so where be he ? riddick turn away , revealing a break goggle - lens . the eye beneath be close : for some reason , he will not look at she . fry tell I about the sound . you tell they you hear something right before .... ( no response ) if you do not talk to I , johns will take another crack at it -- at you skull . riddick ' mean the whisper ? fry what whisper ? riddick the one tellin ' I to go for the sweet spot -- just to the leave of the spine , fourth lumbar down . the abdominal aorta . what a gusher . have a cup on he belt , so I use it to catch a little run-off . metallic taste to it , human blood . coppery . but if you cut it with peppermint schnapp , that go away . course , that 's more for winter . summertime , I take mine straight . fry stare . riddick get a black satisfaction from he role as boogeyman : if fear be the only kind of respect he can get , riddick be go to grab some with both hand . fry why do not we try the truth now ? a head - shaking beat , then : riddick all you people be so scared of I -- a ' most day , I would take that as a compliment -- but it be not I you gotta worry about now . fry show I you eye . again he turn away . she strip the goggle off . he sit with lid shut tight , anticipate the pain . fry show I , riddick . imagine a virgin undress in front of someone for the first time . that 's how riddick open he eye , startling we : no irise , just huge black - pool pupil . and from deep within , a jewel- like eyeshine . his eye be as beautiful and unsettle as that of a starve jaguar . fry you do this ? to yourself ? riddick slam doctor . well , we call he " doctor . " fry Heard about it . just never see it . riddick fairly fuckin ' ironic , would not you say ? slamlight 's so dim that you go and get you eyeball take out and shine up -- then you wind up here . Three ass -kick sun . ( replace goggle ) maybe I do do a few people . but not this one . no mar 'am , not this time . fry then where be he ? he 's not in the hole . we look . riddick look deeper . he click he tongue at she . ext . crash ship - day chain looped over one shoulder , fry head back to the grave site . johns , imam , shazza , and audrey keep pace as ... johns I know what happen -- he go off on the guy , bury he on the hill somewhere , and now he 's try to -- fry let 's just be sure . johns I be sure . look , murder aside , riddick belong in the asshole Hall of Fame . he love the jaw -jackin' , love make you afraid , ' cuz that 's all he have . and you be play right into -- fry we be gonna find the body , johns . Christ , you be a cop . why be I tellin ' you this ? we gotta go down and find it . johns well , do not ask I to . fry think you do not believe he story . johns I do not . but that ground look none too stable , and I do not want anyone -- audrey if you be afraid , I will go . he shoot audrey a scowl . fry nobody else be go down but I , okay ? johns ( pull she aside ) hey . bein ' ballsy with you life now do not change what come before -- it 's just stupid . fry what , you think I be doin ' this to prove something ? johns you say it , not I . let 's just not let one bad call lead to another . fry thanks for the tip , johns . < i > " now get outta my way . " < / i> ext . grave - day chain hook to she web belt , fry drop into the grave . she peer into the burrow ... look back up at the halo of face above she ... then slither out of sight . int . burrow - day letting she eye adjust , fry pat around lightly . quickly she find Zeke 's handlight , try it . Broken . ext . grave - site - spire hill - day close on the chain slithering through hand , play out as fry move deeper underground . int . uphill tunnel - day fry make a uphill turn . see a spray of light ahead . worm forward to reach ... int . the lair - day another chamber , wide and just large enough to stand in . shaft of daylight bore down into the room . more old bone litter the floor . fry move into one shaft and look up at ... a earthen funnel . the inside of a spire . fry they be hollow .... click -click . fry slow - turn toward the sound . click -click -click . there 's something here , something just beyond the cusp of light . something unfold . a icy hand grip she heart . soundlessly , fry backtrack she chain , but ... something shadow across the exit . it stop she cold . her hand find something new . she angle it to the light . it 's one of Zeke 's boot -- with a bit of Zeke still in it . clickity -clickity-clickity .... the whole chamber be come alive around she , shadow unfurl , skulking the perimeter , circle . something impale the boot out of she hand , reclaim it . it be faster than a lightning - strike . a paralyze beat before ... fry make she move , roll back into the shaft of daylight and spring straight up into ... int . spire - day the spire . brace against the wall , fry try to " walk " she way up -- but she chain go taut . do it catch on something ? or do something catch it ? fry start pound the earthen wall . fry here ! I be in here , here , here ! ext . grave - site - spire hill - day imam do you hear .... they drop down and suspend they head over the bloody grave , listen . nothing now . int . spire - day fry I be over here in the -- something tug on she chain . fry oh , God .... close on she foot . kick hard at the wall , try to gouge out foothold . a stronger tug . fry lose altitude , slip closer to ... the madly clicking lair below . she try to jettison she belt -- but can not brace herself up and undo the belt . suddenly ... something explode near she head . daylight appear , follow by face , human face . they be break through the spire with the pick -ax . hand reach inside ... ext . spire hill - day ... and birth she into daylight . overlap : johns we get you ... it 's okay , it 's okay ... we get you now .... imam the child hear you before any of we could even .... shazza do you find he ? you find Zeke ? fry ( half insane ) ... be not riddick ... it be ... it be ... goddamn , that be stupid .... but be not riddick . somethin ' else down there that get Zeke and nearly get -- her . she fly back into the spire . something 's still get the chain . the other grab at flail limb . it 's a tug-of - war now , human hand on one end , unseen " hand " on the other -- and the human be lose . until ... imam unsheathes he blade ... and slice through fry 's belt . int . spire - day as the chain fall down the spire . without fry . int . / ext . crash ship - day fast shot : Survivors pack up o2 , liquor , umbrella , the Koran -- whatever qualify as " essential " on this planet . amid the activity , audrey pause to look at ... the spire hill . int . battery BAY - crash ship - day fry and imam pull a power cell from the ship 's battery bay , thumping it down on the deck . imam one be all ? fry for now . int . cargo hold - day at he personal locker , johns dig out a box of shotgun shell . he bypass the blue- metal shell for a red-metal one . there 's something special about it -- though what , we can not be sure . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - day a shadow fall over riddick . he do not look up . riddick found something ' worse than I , huh ? johns we be movin ' . and I be just wonder if I should not lighten the load right now . now they eye meet . johns ratchet he shotgun and point it at riddick 's head . riddick woof , woof . the shotgun explode . camera pan off of johns to show riddick still alive . the shotgun discharge next to he head and blow off he wrist chain . johns want you to remember this moment , riddick . the way it coulda go and do not . riddick ( deaf ) say that again . johns here 's the deal . you work without the chain , without the bit -- without the shiv . you help we get off this rock .... riddick for what ? the honor of goin ' back to some asshole of a cell ? johns Truth be , riddick , I be tired of this head - up shit . I wanna be free of you as much as you wanna be free of I . a beat . the future rearrange in riddick 's head . riddick you would cut I loose , boss ? johns only if we both get outta this alive . and there may be a way . he offer a hand to help riddick up , to seal the deal . riddick ( stare at hand ) my recommendation : do I . do not take the chance that I will get shiv-happy on you wannabe ass . ghost I , riddick . would if I be you . johns if you be I , I would kill we both . c'mon , you wanna sit at the grow - up table or not ? a beat . riddick reach out for the hand -- and grab the shotgun with he off-hand . a blur of movement . suddenly johns be stare at the eye of he own shotgun . riddick want you to remember this moment . he pump shotgun , spitting blue shell over johns . he drop the emptied gun and walk away . ext . planet - day extremely wide : Blue sun set , yellow and red sun rise . the survivor trek for the settlement . fry and imam lug the power cell between they , but the real load be shoulder by ... riddick . promote from murderous monster to beast of burden , he tow a drag-sle heavy with cargo . paris ( to johns ) so just like that . Wave you little wand and he 's one of we now . johns do not say that . but least this way I do not have to worry about fall asleep and not wakin ' up . imam well , I feel we owe Mr. riddick amend . shazza oh , right . let 's all line up and beg he forgiveness . right you be . imam at least give the man some oxygen .... johns he 's happy just bein ' vertical . leave he be . audrey so I can talk to he now ? johns / shazza ( in unison ) no . Paris drop a wine bottle . trail , riddick collect it . paris Paris P. ogilvie . antiquity dealer , entrepreneur . riddick ( shaking hand ) Richard B. riddick . escape convict , murderer . instead of return the bottle , riddick open it and drink . Paris hurry to catch up to the other . paris you know , if I own Hell and this planet ... I believe I would rent this out and live in Hell . ext . the gauntlet - day fry' Pov : of spire high above we . the group fall silent as they transit the canyon , all eye on the spire . fry stop short , hearing ... clickity -click . neck hair rise -- but soon the sound vanish . the group start move again , faster . clickity -clickity-click . be they be stalk ? nervously , fry trace the sound back to ... bead dangle from the belt of pilgrim # 1 . whenever he move , the string clack together . ext . skiff - day paris I mean , usually I can appreciate antique , but , uh .... the survivor have reach the settlement . fry be try to get the power cell aboard the skiff as the other walk its exterior . johns Little ratty -ass . fry nothing we can not repair -- so long as the electrical adapt . shazza not a star-jumper . riddick do not need to be . use this to get back up to the sol - track ship lane , stick out a thumb . you will get pick up . ( to fry ) right ? fry look from riddick to johns . < i > " how do he know that ? " < / i> fry Little help here ? they muscle the power cell aboard . riddick start to follow , but johns block . he do not want riddick inside . johns check that container for I . see what we can patch wing with . ext . settlement - day with religious fervor , the chrislam be repair the moisture - recovery unit -- the machine Allah lead they to . int . skiff - day start on the battery bay . hand be adapt the power cell to the skiff older electrical system . soon ... light wink on throughout the ship . fry okay , that should buy we a sys-check . but we will need more cell . johns how many ? fry 15 6 - gig here ...90 gig total ... other ship carry 20 - gig cell , so ... five . five total to launch . johns 25 kilo each , huh ? shazza Old sand - cat outside . see if I can not get it up and chuggin' . johns do it . and if you need a extra hand , tap we problem child out .... ( look out ) where 's riddick ? ext . settlement - day he 's walk the ghost town , find dead garden ... upend chair and furniture ... break skylight . behind he back ... audrey and pilgrim # 3 ( the youngest chrislam ) scurry through frame , stalking this curious monster in they midst . ext . moisture -recovery unit - settlement - day close on the other chrislam , face charge with anticipation while await ... the first drop of water . it appear at the bottom of a pipette . tongues fight for it . another drop form in its place . now another and another . it bring cheer . int . MAIN room - settlement - day close on Paris ' hand . get ready to celebrate , he unwrap crystal goblet ... dust off the refectory table ... and rehangs a old Christmas garland . intercut with ... ext . coring room - settlement - day hand digging in dirt . covertly , audrey and pilgrim # 3 watch riddick digging near the entrance of a tall windowless structure . he excavate a pair of break eyeglass ... a shattered light ... and a child 's tin robot , timeless . riddick thumb a solar panel clean . the robot 's language program warble to life : robot " ...to all intruder . I be the guardian of this land . I will protect my master at all cost . death to all intruder ... " riddick stand and try the door . lock . he peer through a small filthy window . be there something move inside ? nothing now . riddick remove some windblown trash from a doorside sign . " coring room . " johns ( o.s. ) missin ' the party . c'mon . it 's johns , keep he on a short leash . leave , riddick kick a trash bin . hard . riddick missin ' the party . c'mon . he leave . hold on the trash bin a beat . audrey ( o.s. ) talkin ' to I ? int . coring room - day pilgrim be Pov : of audrey exite the trash bin and run after riddick and johns . pilgrim # 3 be at the window of the core room . he 's find a way inside . by the window 's feeble light , he start explore . just visible at the center of this room be a vertical core drill . int . MAIN room - settlement - day imam ... and for this , we gift of drink , we give thanks in the name of we Prophet , Muhammad , peace be upon he , and to we Lord , Jesus Christ of Nazareth , and to he father , Allah the compassionate and the merciful . paris ( to himself ) the strangest religion .... pilgrim finish pour cloudy water into goblet . riddick get the last of it -- the part with sediment . selected closeup as they drink . nothing ever taste finer . paris perhaps we should toast we host . who be this people , anyway ? miner ? shazza look like geologist . Advance team , move around from rock to rock . johns musta crap out here , huh ? audrey but why do they leave they ship ? silence . it 's a question no one have choose to deal with yet . imam notice one water glass unspoken for . ext . coring room - day close on the " coring room " sign . a attach solar panel begin move , orient toward sunlight . when it catch the full brunt of the sun ' ray ... STORM shutter unlatch on the roof . int . coring room - day pilgrim # 3 hear shoot latch overhead . that sound bring another sound : a strange skittering . the pilgrim look up . be there something in the rafter ? int . MAIN room - settlement - day johns ( answer audrey ) well , just a skiff . Disposable , really . paris like a emergency life -raft , right ? shazza sure . coulda have a real drop-ship take they off-planet . Long go . paris a toast to they ghost , then .... goblet rise . riddick do not leave , this people . whatever get Zeke get they . they be all dead . it 's like he just piss in the punchbowl . riddick ( cont 'd ) what , you do not really think they leave with they clothes on the line ? photo on the wall ? shazza maybe they have weight limit , you do not know . riddick I know you do not uncrate you emergency ship unless there 's a fuck emergency . johns rag it , riddick . nobody want you theory on -- fry ( to riddick ) so what happen ? where be they , then ? fry be the only one willing to look at reality -- or at least glance its way . at the window , imam scan outside . imam have anyone see the young one ? Ali ? riddick ( to fry and imam ) have anyone check the core room ? int . coring room - day now the storm shutter start yawn open , spread daylight over pilgrim # 3 and ... the ceiling rafter . they be encrust with thick nest of ... something . the skittering grow louder , more agitate . sense trouble , pilgrim # 3 hurry for a sliver of daylight in a wall -- the breach he enter through . he never get there : sunlight hit the first nest . it explode with life . int . / ext . MAIN room - settlement - day as imam hear the scream . imam Ali .... int . coring room - day chaotic shot : more nest explode into individual creature , winge hatchling move like bat in a fire , talon hack and slashing . his exit block , pilgrim # 3 veer into ... a dark supply room . he slam the door , mumble a blessing and wait for the storm to pass . he 's be cut -- but at least he 's still alive . ext . settlement - day as the survivor run for the core room . int . MAIN room - settlement - day as riddick stay behind to drink they water . int . coring room - day hinges be blasted away . the door cave in . imam shoulder past johns to enter and find ... the empty core room . imam Ali ? a noise from the supply room . be it Ali ? just too scared to come out ? imam open the door ... and hatchling pour out . move with a gang- intelligence , they circle the room in a wave , soar high into the rafter -- then plunge into the core shaft , squeal vanishing to infinity . shock silence , then ... pilgrim # 3 tumble to the ground . he 's be shred into bloody kite -tail . there be a nest inside the supply room . imam fall on he in grief . johns and fry inch forward to peer down ... the core shaft . it 's litter with human bone . the skeleton of the settler . scatter about and pick clean . ext . settlement - day against a blue sunrise , the chrislam hold a prayer service . Paris and audrey attend . riddick watch from afar . int . coring room - day shazza why be the door chain up ? why the bloody hell would they lock themselves in like that ? johns not sure , but tell you what : chrislam better not be diggin ' another grave out there . riddick ( o.s. ) other building be not secure ... they turn . riddick enter . riddick ( cont 'd ) ... so they run here . heaviest door . think they would be safe inside , but ... ( look down shaft ) someone forget to lock the back door . shazza join he at the shaft . gazing on the human remain : shazza so that 's what come of I Zeke . a ' you see it . you be right there . riddick nod . shazza ( cont 'd ) you be tryin ' to kill he too . riddick ( shrugging , < i > " not necessarily " < / i > ) just want he o - 2 . ( a beat ) though I notice he try to ghost my ass . when he shot up that stranger instead . shazza can not deny it . she look at he differently now , the man she once beat while in chain . she take off she breather . shazza take it . riddick ( suspicious ) what , it 's break ? shazza startin ' to acclimate , anyhow . take it . riddick accept it awkwardly , suck down some pure o2 . johns watch the exchange closely , not much like the idea of riddick be promote to oxygen-breathing human . johns ( to fry ) let 's board this up and get the hell go . they seem to stick to the dark , so if we stick to daylight , should be all -- fry 60 year ago . johns wha ' ? coring sample line the room , laid out on counter . fry 's be scrutinize they . fry core - sample be date . last one be 60 year ago . this month . shazza yeah ? what 's special about that ? fry dunno . maybe nothing , but .... but now fry remember ... int . live quarter - settlement - day the orrery . the year - counter click over to " 45 " as ... fry open the drive box and start turn the main gear , accelerate the orbit . close on the counter . " 56...57...58...59...60 . " they all see it : a giant ringed world eclipse the sun and plunge they planet into darkness . persistent darkness . johns be you fuckin ' kid I ? riddick not afraid of the dark , be you ? ext . settlement - day cross the yard in wide stride : fry ... need that cell from the crash ship . shit , still gotta check out the hull , patch the wing -- johns let 's wait on the power cell . fry wait for what ? until it 's so dark we can not even find we way back to -- johns we be not sure when it happen , so let 's not -- fry get the fuck cell over here , johns . what 's the discussion ? a beat . johns ever tell you how riddick escape ? int . skiff - day alone inside the skiff , johns and fry continue with more privacy . fry ( jarre ) he can pilot ? johns hijacked a prison transport , make a helluva good run ' fore I track he down . fry ( with faint hope ) okay , maybe that 's a good thing . maybe I can use he to help with -- johns he also figure out how to kill the pilot , fry . a mental shiver . fry you say we be go to trust he now . you say there be a deal . johns that 's what I say . he challenge she to read he mind . fry oh , this be a dangerous game you be play , johns . johns May have notice chain do not work on this guy . only way we be truly safe be if he believe he 's goin ' free . but if he stop believin ' -- fry you mean , if he learn that you be gonna royally fuck he over . johns ( cont 'd ) -- we need a fail - safe . bring the cell over at the last possible minute -- when the wing be ready , when we know we be ready to launch . fry look at he with new eye . fry you know , he have not harme any of we . Far as I can tell , he have not even lie to we . just stick to the deal , johns . let he go if that 's what it -- johns he 's a murderer . the law say he 's gotta do he bid . shake she head , she look off . fry dancin ' on razor blade here ... johns I will not give he a chance to grab another ship -- or to slash another pilot 's throat . ext . skiff - settlement - day johns descend the gangway -- and find riddick erecting a field table in the shade of the skiff . he seem out of earshot . now , anyway . as they trade look , another flu-like shiver run through johns . riddick bad sign . shakin ' like that in this heat . johns move on . the chrislam appear , shoulder a roll of vectran ( wing -fabric material ) . they drop it on the table . ready to cut binding , imam pat he hip for the knife that be just there . riddick ( look after johns ) I will cut . he have the knife . ext . settlement - day as shazza and audrey repair the sand -cat . ext . skiff - day close on the knife slice through the vectran . riddick hand the trim to pilgrim # 1 . camera follows as he scamper onto the skiff ... balance - beam over wing-struts ... and deliver the piece to imam , who stitches the fabric like a old berber rug-weaver . pilgrim # 1 pause to check on ... the set blue sun . nothing unusual . yet . int . skiff - day the hatch close , seal . close on a monitor . a " hull integrity test " be underway . fry scan rise pressure gauge . riddick ( o.s. ) look like we be a few shy .... fry whirl . riddick be aboard , stare at the deplete battery bay . and he have imam 's blade . riddick ( cont 'd ) power cell . fry they be come . riddick strange , not doin ' a run - up on the main drive yet . ( half - beat ) strange unless he tell you the particular of my escape . fry I get the quick - and -ugly version . riddick a ' now you be worried about a repeat of history ? fry entere we mind . riddick I ask what you think . fry you scare I , riddick . that 's what you wanna hear , be not it ? there , I admit it , can I get back to work now ? she find the courage to turn she back on he . riddick move closer -- and take a beat to scan the control . the cabin pressure build . riddick think johns be a do-right man ? you think I can trust he to cut I loose ? a beat . do riddick already know ? be he testing she ? fry why , what would you hear ? riddick well , guess if it be trickeration he would just do I , huh ? then again ... I be worth twice as much alive . ( read she face ) do not know ? johns be not a cop . oh , he 's get that shiny badge a ' all , but nah -- he 's just a merc and I be just a payday . that 's why he will not kill I . the creed be greed . it knock she off stride , but ... fry save it , riddick . we be not gonna turn on each other -- no matter how hard you try . riddick move right up behind she . riddick I do not truly know what 's gonna happen when the light go out , carolyn -- but I do know that once the dyin ' start , this little psycho family of ours be gonna rip itself apart . so you better find out the truth . come nightfall , you better know exactly who 's stand behind you . a monitor chirp the news : " hull integrity -- 100 % . " exhaling gass , the hatch open automatically . riddick oh , ask he ' bout that shake . and ask why you crew - pal have to scream like that ' fore he die . int . private room - settlement - day closeup : hand select a red-metal shotgun shell from a box ... pull the shell open ... remove a glass ampule hide inside ... drop the ampule into a injection syringe . the syringe touch a eager arm vein . fry ( o.s. ) who be you ? really ? shirt off , johns look up . she 's in the doorway . fry ( cont 'd ) you be not a real cop , be you ? just some mercenary who go around talkin ' about the law like -- johns I never say I be . fry never say you be a hype , either . she move closer . rummages through he stuff brazenly . find a shitload of red shell with the hide ampule . johns you have a little caffeine in the morning , I have a little morphine . so what ? fry and here you get two morning every day . wow , be you bear lucky ? johns not a problem unless you be gonna make -- fry ( lash ) you make it a problem when you let owen die like that . when you have enough drug to knock out a fuck mule - team . johns owen be already dead . his brain just have not catch on to that fact . fry anything else we should know about you , johns ? Christ , here I be lettin ' you play game with we life when -- he catch she hand -- and move they around he body , force she into a embrace . we understand why when we see a closeup of she hand : they find a jag purple scar beside he spine . johns my first run - in with riddick . go for the sweet - spot and miss . they have to leave a piece of the shiv in there . I can feel it , sometimes , press against the cord . ( give she hand back ) so maybe the care and feed of my nerve-endings be my business . fry you coulda help . and you do not . o.s. , we hear the chrislam jabbering arabic and call for " Captain , Captain .... " johns yeah , well , look to thine own ass first . right , " captain " ? it cut deep . ext . settlement - day fry and johns move outside . the other have gather , all eye gang - lock on ... a arch in the sky . luminous , ominous , it grow from the horizon . paris what do my eye see ? fry it 's start .... they watch hypnotically as the arch rise , inching toward the two sun . shazza shake out of the trance first . shazza ( to fry ) if we need anything from the crash ship -- I suggest we kick on . that sand - cat 's solar . ext . settlement - day multiple shot : shazza cranking the sand-cat ... hand snatching up light , water , rope ... chrislam pile aboard the sand -cat . fry let' get that cell ! sand-cat move ... riddick jump onto the rear bed .... Paris and audrey run , catch up . shazza we stay together ! c'mon ! int . private room - settlement - day johns double back , grab he shotgun shell , swing out the door ... ext . incinerator - settlement - day ... and catch up to the sand -cat . riddick reel he aboard . riddick do not wanna miss this . audrey lookit . lookit ! they turn back to see the rim of a giant planet . it 's crest over the horizon . the luminous arch be the planet 's ring . ext . ribcage - the gauntlet - day the sand - cat storm through the canyon . as it pass through the massive ribcage ... the roll cage smashes out some low - bridge bone . ext . crash ship - day the sand - cat reach the crash ship . body leap off . Paris steal a look at ... the rise planet . it threaten to blot out sun , sky , universe . int . battery BAY - crash ship - day johns yank the first power cell and start drag it over the deck . riddick yank a second cell and , carry it on he shoulder , pass johns with a suck - my - ass grin . johns shoulder he cell and stumble after . ext . crash ship - day shazza wheel the sand - cat around , get clearance between it and the ship . the chrislam lash a scrap-metal sled to the sand -cat . riddick drop the first cell onto the sled , johns the second . they be racing the eclipse and each other . ext . sky - day to dusk as the ring of the planet eclipse the yellow sun . ext . crash ship - dusk it 's like God just close a blind : daylight dim . the change in light bring a growing high - pitched SOUND . fry do not stop , do not stop .... but Paris can not help himself . he squint to see ... ext . spire hill - dusk the spire . the SOUND seem to come from there . ext . sky - dusk as the ring eclipse the red sun . ext . crash ship - deep dusk a second darkness sweep over the survivor . now they all stop , behold ... ext . spire hill - deep dusk something pour from the spire-top . backlit by coronal light , it first seem to be smoke or ash -- but soon we realize this be live thing , hatchlings squealing in delight over they first nightfall . ext . crash ship - deep dusk johns Jesus , how many can there .... they keep come , fill the sky with thick wave . mercifully , the hatchling seem to be move away . but now one wave cleave from another -- and do a quick about-face . paris just a suggestion , but perhaps we should flee . fry cargo hold , everyone in the cargo hold . lesgo , lesgo , lesgo . they run . reach the cargo hold . turn back to see ... riddick and shazza still come . hear the squealing wave descend on they ... riddick and shazza hit to the dirt . hatchling torrent just inch overhead . close on shazza . horrify . hard to breathe . like be underwater . close on riddick . he watch in awe , no more frighten that a kid lie on he back look up at the star . experiment , he ease a bone-shiv into the hatchling . instantly it 's whittle down to nothing . it 's like a river of razor blade . the hatchling keep come . shazza whip a panicky look at the cargo hold . can she make it ? should she even try ? audrey tell she to stay there . stay down . shazza , just stay down ! shazza start worm toward the cargo hold . suddenly the hatching vanish . a beat . be it safe ? shazza get to she foot ... fry no , no , no , no , no .... ... and the wave be back , envelop shazza . int . / ext . cargo hold - deep dusk stand in the mouth of the cargo container , the other get a last glimpse of shazza as she fly by the door , catch up in the funnel - cloud of hatchling . then she 's simply go . ext . crash ship - deep dusk still on the ground , riddick check leave and right like someone about to cross a busy street . now he get up , smack he hand clean , stroll for the hold . behind he ... a rise gang-clicking . close on fry . she know the sound better than anyone . ext . spire hill - deep dusk the spire be crumble , tear down from within . ext . crash ship - deep dusk reaching the cargo hold , riddick turn around for one last look . push in as he shed goggle -- and look at the world with he jaguar eye . riddick be Pov : in degrade image , we see the predator -- adult hatchling -- emerge from the spire . they be large , mammalian , hammer-headed . they click with echo-location , sounding out the world they have not inhabit in 60 year . fry what be it ? what 's happen ? riddick be Pov : the predator launch from the hill , glide , sounding , search . riddick like I say . ai not I you gotta worry about . ext . sky - deep dusk to night the rim of the planet overtake both sun . the world go dark . int . cargo hold - night vault-like door boom close . the survivor be lock inside the only secure part of the ship . somehow they have be reduce to neanderthal huddle in they cave , listen to the howl of the sabertooth . audrey what if ... what if she 's still out there ... still alive .... johns well , I do not want to jump to conclusion here ... but ' member that boneyard ? this just might be the fucker that kill every other live thing on this planet , okay ? chance of shazza knockin ' on that door anytime soon be just about zero square . fry ( agree ) I see the cut -mark on the bone . be not a natural die-off . imam quiet , please . everyone . imam be listen at the cargo door . the other pile up alongside , ear tune like radar . clicking sweep past outside . audrey ( whisper ) why do they do that ? make that sound ? imam perhaps the way they see . with sound , reflect back . fry ( realize ) echo-location . that 's what it be .... now more clicking -- behind they . light whip around to find ... nothing . only the door of a open container about halfway down the tunnel - like hold . a volley of look . < i > " how the fuck could one get in here ? " < / i> fry breach in the hull . I dunno . more clicking . johns realize they expect he to check it out . johns I would rather piss glass . riddick well , you get the big gauge . johns wanna rag you fat mouth ? audrey maybe it 's just they bead again . imam , be you still -- imam no , no , no , I do not believe -- johns c'mon , man , you be drivin ' everybody bugfuck with that thing . why do not you just lose the goddamn .... more clicking -- along with the sound of toppling cargo . riddick Big bead . butch up , johns suck on he breather and shimmy toward ... the open container . lead with he shotgun , he fire blindly around the door . something squeal -- then silence . johns ease he head and a light around the door to spot ... hatchling on the ground , blast into dog food . johns ( to other ) okay . we be okay . just some small one that musta -- something whooshes for he head , swinging like a scythe . it catch he shotgun , discharging it , give we ... a flash-image of a adult predator . up close . in one thin second , johns be back with the other . johns very big bead . paris not stay in here another .... he go for the main - door lever , ready to flee into the night . fry lunge for he . fry Christ , you do not know what 's out there ! paris I know what 's in here ! imam everybody come , this way and we should be safe . hurry , please .... int . first container - cargo hold - night imam shepherd they into a container . the door slam close . at first , only the sound of mouth sucking breather . then a scratching . johns fumble with a cut torch . get it burn . adjust the gass to illuminate ... the door . scythe-like blade be probing joint . suddenly heavy blows drive everyone back . riddick ( to johns ) can you do sumpin ' else with that ? ' side hold it in my fuck face ? take the hint , johns start cut the common wall between container . it 's a race between the spark of he cutter and the blade of the predator . int . second container - cargo hold - night a burn-outline appear in the common wall . johns kick out the escape hatch . audrey speed - crawl through first as ... int . first container - cargo hold - night predator shred into the container right behind they , clicking , sweeping , hunt . int . third / FOURTH container - cargo hold - night series of shot : again and again , they burn a new escape hatch just as the predator break into the container be vacate , always enter darkness . int . fifth container - cargo hold - night Inside they fifth container now , johns torch away . fry and Paris use cargo to block the entrance hole -- then block the cargo with they body . riddick add he weight -- until he notice pepper- shot in the cargo . suspect the worst , he leave the other behind ... paris hello , hello ? ... and move to the front of the container where darkness prevail . something squish underfoot . he slip off goggle . riddick be Pov : of dead hatchling on the floor . this be the open container , the one where johns find predator . sense energy , riddick lift he face . riddick be Pov : of a adolescent predator . it squat atop cargo , eat a hatchling . a heavy bone- blade crown its skull . sense riddick , it sweep the area with inquisitive click . predator Pov : of riddick . ( note : the predator Pov be a crude image that give impression without detail . we be " see " what the predator hear with echo-location . think of a sonagram that strobe and wrap its subject in 3 - D space . ) oblivious , the other kick out the new escape hatch . audrey , fry , and johns worm through . imam and pilgrim # 2 hang back . < i > " where 's riddick ? " < / i> he 's in a stare - down with a predator . search , pilgrim # 2 round a corner -- and find he head catch in a vice- like grip . riddick do not. move . riddick be Pov : as a second predator appear above they . this one reach down with its scythe blade ... and gently probe the two man . it want know what they be make of . close on the pilgrim 's shoe . over-run with piss . more blade descend , move over they like surgical instrument . one test - slice riddick 's shirt . int . sixth container - cargo hold - night in the next container , fry wait anxiously . hiss through the escape hatch : fry imam ? where be they ? int . fifth container - cargo hold - night close on a predator 's scythe blade . it test - slice the pilgrim 's skin . blood well up . all clicking cease . imam ( o.s. ) hasan ? fry ( o.s. ) riddick ? tight on the pilgrim -- more scared now that the click have stop . lose he nerve , he bolt . riddick no .... the predator be on he , just blur in the dark . death-scream . riddick's Pov : a third predator appear above he . make he move , riddick dart around cargo and head for the escape hatch as ... fry 's light catch he square in the face . blind , riddick howl and stumble forward . fry 's light leap deeper to hit ... the predator right behind he . with a similar reaction , the beast howl and flail back . hold on fry for a time - stop moment . what stop it ? be it really she ? suddenly a shotgun explode beside she head . jacked up , johns be blasting shadow . fry stop it , stop it , stop it ! johns ' sokay , ' sokay . I kill it . they give he a look . < i > " sure you do . " < / i> suddenly a carcass slam to the floor , send everyone jump back in a perfect splash - pattern . < i > " Christ , he do kill one . " < / i > fry reclaim she drop light and beam it on the carcass . wherever the light strike it , the flesh char and steam . fry there .... paris like the light be scalding it . fry it hurt they . Light actually hurt they .... vulture sound from the two o.s. adolescent , fight over the scrap of the pilgrim . imam be that ... hasan ? riddick nod . johns we will burn a candle for he later . c'mon . int . sixth container - cargo hold - night cargo have be shove against the door and wall . the survivor gather around fry 's handlight . audrey -- tough little audrey -- have be reduce to a shiver lump of mush . fry ... one cut torch ... one handlight here , two more in the cabin ... I think two more .... paris spirit . anything over 45 proof burn well . fry how many bottle ? paris not sure . ten ? fry that umbrella , the one that mist . would they burn ? ( read he face ) if you get a receipt ? paris possibly . fry awright . so maybe we will have enough light . johns enough for what ? now she challenge he to be the mind-reader . johns ( cont 'd ) oh , lady . if you be in you right mind , I pray you go insane . fry ( to other ) we can stick to the plan . if we get four cell back to the skiff , we be off this rock . paris I hate to kill a beautiful theory with a ugly fact , but that sand - cat will not run at night . fry we will have to carry the cell ... drag they ... whatever it take . Troubled face . be it just we imagination ? or be the light on the floor grow dimmer ? audrey you mean ... tonight ? with all that thing still out there ? paris oh , sure . why not ? sound like a hoot . johns back it up . how long can this last ? few minute ? couple hour ? no one know for sure . imam I have the impression ... from the model ... that the two planet be move as one . that there would be ... a last darkness . johns that sun gotta come back sometime . and if this animal really be phobic about light , we just sit tight till then . fry I be sure that 's what someone else say . lock inside that core room . a persuasive think . eye swing back to audrey . johns look , we gotta think about everyone now -- the kid especially . how scared be she gonna be out there ? fry oh , do not use she like that , for a smoke screen . johns smoke screen for what ? fry for you own fear . johns ( eye narrowing ) hey . why do not you rag you hole for two second and let someone else come up with a plan that do not involve Mass suicide ? two second pass . fry how much you weigh , johns ? johns what the hell 's it matter ? fry how much ? johns 79 kilo . fry because you be 79 kilo of gutless white meat , and that 's why you can not come up with a better plan . he make a move for she . riddick block . johns ' shotgun bump the underside of riddick 's chin . riddick think about that reward , johns . johns I be willing to take a cut in pay . riddick how ' bout a cut in you gut ? johns look down . camera drop to reveal the shiv riddick hold , poise for evisceration . johns oh , trash baby , you be gonna regret this . imam please ... this solve nothing ... please .... johns back off first . the light grow dimmer . fry ( to audrey ) they be afraid of we light . that mean we do not have to be so afraid of they . imam and you be certain you can find the way back ? even in the dark ? fry no , I be not . but he can . she 's point , of course , to riddick . ext . planet - night the eclipsing planet dominate half the sky . in whatever coronal light remain , we see cloud form . ext . crash ship - night cargo door crack open . mix for maximum flame , the cutter be push outside and sweep around . fry appear behind it . move like hostage , the survivor cross open ground , try not to heed the primal sound beyond they light . soon they reach ... the main cabin . blackness inside . fry riddick . he lift he goggle . riddick be Pov : check the cabin . find a lot of wreckage but no life . riddick look clear . johns shoulder ahead and crawl in first . just as he stand up inside ... a predator buzzsaws over he head , flee the cabin , take off into the night . johns fuck I . you say " clear . " riddick Said " look clear . " johns well , what 's it look like now ? riddick ( recheck ) look clear . fry just get the goddamn light on .... they scramble aboard . riddick tongue-clicks behind johns . he be not amused . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - night prep montage : we see the survivor power up cabin light ... yanking three more cell from the battery bay ... thread nylon cord through Paris ' mist umbrella , fill the reservoir with high -octane liquor ... swapping out o2 canister . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - night reloading he shotgun , johns find himself shaking again . he unpocket a shell -- a red morphine shell -- and give it a lover 's look . behind he ... fry ready , johns . he palm the shell . johns he will lead you over the first cliff . you know that , do not you ? fry we be just burnin ' light here . johns you give he the cell and the ship -- and he will leave you . he will leave you all out there to die . fry I do not get it , johns . what be so goddamn valuable in you life that you be worried about lose ? huh ? be there anything at all ? besides you next hype ? ( no response ) get no right to be so scared . neither one of we . int . battery BAY - crash ship - night as hand yank the last power cell . int . MAIN cabin - crash ship - night cabin light die . still brood , johns finish load he shotgun in the dark . ext . crash ship - night close on a burn wick . alcohol mist shoot across the flame to create ... a fireball . two umbrella torch , fabric already burn away , belch fireballs into the night . by this light and more , we see ... imam chain into the first harness of the drag-sle . beside he , johns fumble with a second harness . hand help he into the chain . the hand belong to ... riddick . both man recognize the irony of the prisoner help he captor into chain . fry ( to all ) keep the light go . that 's all we have to do to live through this . just keep you light burn . riddick loop a handlight over he neck , place it to shine light down he back . a beacon . riddick ( to fry ) be runnin ' about 10 pace ahead . I want light on my back -- but not in my eye . and check you cut . this thing know we blood now . close on audrey . overhear , she go stone - face . fry riddick ... be thinkin ' we should make some kind of deal . just in case , you know , this actually -- riddick ( shaking head ) have it with deal . fry but I just want to say -- riddick nobody 's gonna turn a murderer loose . I fuckin ' know better . it worry fry . < i > " if he do not expect to go free .... " < / i> riddick ( cont 'd ) be a long time since anyone 's trust I . that 's something ' right there . fry we can , can not we ? trust you ? riddick actually ... ( completely genuine ) that 's what I be askin ' myself . he walk away . hold on fry -- wonder if she have not make a terrible , terrible mistake . ext . night the drag-sle begin move . series of tracking shot : riddick run point , goggle off , eye flash . johns and imam pull the drag-sle like malamute , handlight sweeping . pilgrim # 1 at the first side - guard position , fry and audrey at the second , each position carry a umbrella torch , fireballs blazing . Paris stumbling along at rear-point , sweeping the cutter back and forth , every shadow a threat . they be a train of light . close on the sled . holding four power cell and eight bottle of booze . close on fry. look down . noting sand - cat track underfoot . ext . night below we run the survivor . crane up and away so that they light become insignificant ... so that we include , in foreground , the silhouettes of glide predator . they be follow from above , await they chance . ext . night fry' Pov : of the ground . the sand - cat track have vanish . johns so you notice too ? fry riddick . riddick . the procession grind to a halt . everyone suck hard on breather as they muster inside the light . fry where be the sand - cat track ? why be not we still follow they ? riddick saw something I do not like . johns such as . riddick hard to tell , sometimes ... even for I ... but look like a bunch of that big boy chewin ' each other 's gonad off . think we would swing wide . okay by you ? Paris look over he shoulder . < i > " we go around what ? " < / i> nearby clicking break up the confrontation . fry let 's move . ( to audrey ) just a detour . he will get we there . paris can we switch ? fry what , switch what ? paris I think I twisted my ankle run backwards like that . and I be not sure I can .... ( off they stare ) okay , that 's a lie . I just do not want to be alone back there anymore . if you could just give I a few minute up front here -- johns she 's the pilot , she should stay close to the cell . paris oh , so I be disposable ? fry I will switch , I will switch ! Christ , just get this train move ! ext . night they trundle on , fry the new tail - gunner . at side guard , Paris relax a bit -- even though the clicking never seem far from earshot . a weak fireball spews from he torch . he check the reservoir . almost empty . paris Light , please , need light here .... still move , johns and imam train light on Paris while he refuel . for a brief moment , audrey stray from the light . predator be Pov : dive -bomb the girl . a high -velocity clicking : it 's like a income missile . imam lunge at the last nanosecond ... and flatten audrey to the ground . scythe blade swing ... chinking the harness - chain on imam 's back . johns whirl , blast . Light -beam leap around . but the predator be long go . imam ( tremble ) please ... have we be cut ? can someone tell I if .... he find he drop light , thumb the switch again and again . Broken . in the confusion , Paris have be leave in the dark . something slashes he from behind . it 's like the night have claw . paris oh , sweet Jesus .... the bottle drop . the blood flow . the clicking stop . paris oh , sweet Jesus , will you get I some light over here ! face whip around . but before they light can rescue he ... Paris be go , snatch away by a swoop blur . Light -beam jump fitfully , vainly . riddick be Pov : of predator feast on Paris . carry a youngle on its back , a female predator arrive late and can not find a place at the trough . with shocking apathy , it whip the youngle off its back and begin devour it . other predator start in - fight , kill themselves for food . Pov pan to a pair of predator , closer , sounding out new prey . Pov pan again to include the object of they desire . audrey . close on riddick . try to figure it out . close on audrey . listen to the horrific feeding sound . oblivious to all the attention she 's get . fry what do you see ? riddick ? riddick Hunger . I see 60 year of hunger . ext . sky - night as cloud mass . ext . night into a rise wind , the survivor range on . audrey now carry Paris ' torch , refuele and coughing fireballs at regular interval . fry seem to be handle rear-point fairly well , until ... the cutter sputter and die . she ditch it and take the torch from audrey . fry bottle-count . audrey four full , one half . that mean we be halfway there ? I hope ? good question . they have just be blindly follow ... the light on riddick 's back . fry can we pick up the pace ? work like a mule , johns growl to himself . < i > " if you think you can do better .... " < / i> abruptly he slap a arm across imam 's chest , spot ... a sled -track . in front of they . fry hear a shotgun ratchet . she spin to see ... johns out of he chain . move forward . jam the shotgun into the back of riddick 's neck . johns we be not completely stupid . fry stay in the light ! everybody ! stay in the fuck -- imam we cross we own track . johns he 's run we 'round in circle . look for yourself . look ! fry riddick ? what the hell be you -- riddick listen . imagine a hundred geiger - counter next to a truckload of plutonium . that 's the SOUND that ride the wind now . riddick Canyon ahead . I circle once to buy some time to think . fry think about what ? johns about how to kill we and still get this cell to the skiff . goddamnit , we be just doin ' the heavy lift for this prick ! riddick ( answer fry ) about the girl . fry what about she ? riddick what it 's gonna be like when we hit that canyon . with she bleed . johns what be you jaw -jackin ' about ? girl 's not cut . riddick ( agree ) no . she 's not . it hit fry like a two - by-four . she look at audrey . audrey ( confess ) I do not want you to leave I there ... back at the ship ... that 's why I do not say anything .... fry no , we would never .... oh , God , honey , you shoulda tell I sooner . johns ( finally get it ) aw , this can not be happen to I .... riddick they be nose - open for she ever since we leave . they go off blood . imam well ... we must keep she close , then . here , she will be safe if we put she between -- riddick ( scan ) there be no " safe . " a epic beat . the wind gust ... the flame chatter ... they ear fill with canyon sound . fry it 's not gonna work . we gotta go back . johns bray . johns hey , you be the one who get I out here , turn I into a goddamn sled dog . a ' now you 'spect I to go back like a whipped dog ? fry I be wrong . I admit it . my bad , okay ? now let 's just go back to the ship . johns I dunno . Nice breeze , wide open space -- you know , I be startin ' to enjoy myself out here . fry be you fuck high again ? just listen to -- johns no , no , you be right , fry . what 's to be afraid of ? my life be a steamin ' pile of meaningless toadshit anyhow . so I say mush on ! Canyon 's only couple hundred meter , after that we be in skiff City ! so why do not you just butch up , stuff a cork in that kid , and get -- imam she 's the captain , we should listen to -- johns listen to she ? her ? when she be willing to sacrifice we all ? a beat . eye turn to fry . she want to protest -- but can not . audrey what 's he talkin ' about ? johns during the crash , she -- fry ( a warning growl ) this do not help we , johns . johns -- she try to blow the whole fuck passenger cabin , try to kill we -- fry just shut up , okay ? johns -- try to kill we in we sleep . Paris have it right -- we be disposable . we be just walk ghost to she . fry would you rag you stupid hole ! she rush he , ready to rip he eye out . he shunt she aside . johns we be not alive because of she -- we be alive in spite of she . he swing below the belt -- and connect . fry 's chin quake , she knee fail . the undertow of event finally pull she down . fry we can not go through there .... johns ( lording ) how much you weigh right now , fry ? huh ? imam ( push he back ) Fine , fine , you have make you point . we can all be so scared as you . johns snatch a light away from imam . johns ( to all ) verdict 's in . the light move forward . ext . boneyard - night they trudge on , slower now , building reserve for the canyon-run . at rear-point , fry follow like a break rudder . pilgrim # 1 now draw the sled with imam . and up ahead ... ext . boneyard - night johns fall in step with riddick . johns ai not all of we gonna make it . riddick just realize that , huh ? clicking nearby . johns blast the night , drive the sound away -- and remind everyone of who carry the Big gauge . johns six of we leave . if we could get through that canyon and lose just one , that would be quite a fuck feat , huh ? a good thing , right ? riddick not if I be the one . johns what if you be one of five ? riddick stare . < i > " I be listen . " < / i> ext . boneyard - night audrey what be they doin ' up there ? imam talk about the canyon , I suppose . how to get we through . overhear , fry look . it 's odd to see johns and riddick walk side by side , like equal . like partner . ext . boneyard - night johns look , it 's hellify stuff -- but no different than that battlefield doctor when they have to decide who life and who die . it 's call " triage , " okay ? riddick kept call it " murder " when I do it . johns either way , figure it 's something you can grab onto . riddick ( doping it out ) sacrifice play . hack up one body , leave it at start of the canyon . like a bucket of chum . johns trawl with it . there 's a cable on the sled . we can drag the body behind we . riddick Nice embellishment . johns do not wanna feed this land - shark -- just keep them off we scent . riddick ( look back ) so which one catch you eye ? johns Don ' look , don ' look , don ' look .... ext . boneyard - night fry spot riddick 's look -- and johns ' non-look . fry imam . slow down . imam what ? fry do not stop , just slow down . Little more space ' tween we and they . imam I would rather we all stay -- fry do what I say . please . ext . boneyard - night riddick what 's she name , anyway ? johns what do you care ? riddick shrug . < i > " I do not . " < / i> johns then let 's not name the Thanksgiving turkey , okay ? I assume you still get a shiv . riddick what , you ' spect I to do it ? johns what 's one more to you ? like this be the one that send you to Hell ? riddick oh , you be a piece of art , johns . they oughtta hang you in a museum somewhere . or forget the museum -- maybe they should just hang you . ext . boneyard - night as fry and the other keep slow . ext . boneyard - night johns awright . you do the girl , I will keep the other off you back . riddick stop . reconsider . johns ( cont 'd ) aw , do not tell I you be growin ' scruples . riddick ( shake head ) just wonderin ' if we do not need a bigger piece of chum . johns like who , Mr. chrislam ? extremely tight on both man : in they eye , we see the new partnership splintering apart : < i > " like Mr. johns . " < / i > riddick make a play for the shotgun . it blast skyward . ext . boneyard - night as the fight erupt : fry bring the light ! audrey what be they do ? what be we -- fry leave the sled , let 's go , go , go ! ext . boneyard - night fight scene : johns ' light hit the ground , create a arena of illumination . fast clicking nearby . still struggle , riddick and johns somehow manage to gang - aim the shotgun and blast the clicking away . the shotgun go free . johns lunge for it , but riddick kick it into the night . and then pull he shiv . riddick gotta stay in the light , johns . that 's the only rule . johns circle inside the light . Fucking with he , riddick start poke and jabbing , back he up against the wail of dark . johns stumble over something . a bone . a club . riddick find he own bone - club , and now they go at it like two cavemen . riddick beat on johns ' club-hand , break finger , force he to drop the bone . just try to get away now , johns make a desperate lunge for the light , but ... riddick shiv open he back . riddick remember that moment ? gush blood , johns start crawl pathetically with the light . riddick dog he . riddick shoulda never take the chain off , johns . you be one brave fuck , before . now look at you . oh , yeah , you be billy bad-ass with you gauge ... with you chain .... johns find the shotgun . < i > " and I be still billy bad-ass . " < / i> he sweep it around with the light , ready to kill ... blackness . where would riddick go ? clicking behind johns . he whirl to see ... something big come for he . johns blast it back into the night , drop the light as he do . eye in the back of he head , he whirl again and take aim on ... another bull -rush predator . johns triggers a bad round . craze , he ratchet and level the shotgun for another try . he 's too late . big closeup as the eject shell roll to a stop . it 's red . johns load a morphine shell in the dark . riddick be Pov : with johns skewer by the armpit , the predator lift he off the ground and " stare " with a deceptively gentle clicking - cooing SOUND . predator be Pov : of johns ' final expression . riddick be Pov : the predator rear back its head -- then slam forward , hit johns with the full force of its skull - blade , split he in two . ext . night fry , imam , audrey , pilgrim # 1 . they be run , stumbling , try to backtrack the sled mark . check for pursuit , fry look over she shoulder ... and crash into riddick . he be just stand in the dark , wait for they . riddick back to the ship , huh ? fry get out of we way . riddick so everybody huddle together till the light burn out ? until you can not see what 's eat you ? that the big plan ? imam where 's Mr. johns ? riddick which half ? imam you mean .... conflict , they all look back . audrey start to puddle up . audrey gonna lose everybody out here .... riddick he die fast . and if we get any choice , that 's the way we should all go out . ( to audrey , softly ) do not you cry for johns . do not you dare . ext . canyon rim - the gauntlet - night black screen . we hear the canyon in full cry now -- clicking ... battling bone-blade ... mating cry ... the rending of flesh and snapping of tendon . Far below , twin flame appear as the survivor reach the gauntlet . predator perch in foreground , just hulk silhouettes " watch " from a canyon rim . ext . start of gauntlet - night they be but five : fry , riddick , audrey , imam , and pilgrim # 1 . close on each face as they listen to the canyon . there must be countless predator ahead . fry how many you see ? riddick one or two . fry audrey ? audrey Three full bottle . but almost time to refill . fry do not seem like enough to turn back on , do it ? riddick only see one way . turn the sled over and drag it like that , girl down low . Light up everything we get -- and run through like dog on fire . a beat . imam ( understanding ) the sled as a shield .... fry and what about the cell ? riddick I will take that . she look at he hard . fry we be just here to carry you light , be not we ? just the torch - bearer . riddick let 's drop back a ' boot up . ext . boneyard - night start on the power cell . they be be lash together into one queue . work amid the giant bone , riddick craft a new harness from the old strap . Close behind he , imam be muttering in arabic . riddick what be you doin ' ? imam bless you like the other . ( off he look ) it 's painless . riddick and pointless . imam ( a beat ) I see . well , even if you do not believe in God , it do not mean he will not be -- riddick you do not see . riddick shrug into the harness , snug it down . riddick ( cont 'd ) ' cuz you do not spend half you life in lock - down with a horse - bit in you mouth and not believe . and you surely do not start out in a liquor store trash bin with a umbilical cord wrap around you neck and not believe . oh , absolutely I believe in God . and I absolutely hate the fucker . imam he will be with we . Nonetheless . riddick give my bless to the girl . she need a spare . ext . start of gauntlet - night the torch . max out . Burning non-stop . fry and imam . sled chain on . lapping up o2 . each hold a torch . pilgrim # 1 . clutch a handlight . audrey . Rolling under she sled - shield , become the turtle in a metal carapace . riddick . goggle on . he have no desire to see what horror will surround they . there 's just one path , anyway : straight through . riddick as fast as you can . fry you sure you can keep -- riddick as fast as you can . ext . the gauntlet - night slew of shot : fry and imam on the move , drag the shield fast . audrey speed -crawling beneath . pilgrim # 1 trip along behind the shield . and riddick behind they all , face already torture , pull 200 pound of stubborn - mule cargo -- yet somehow keep pace . the torch flame , stretch by the wind , flank they in fire . ext . canyon rim - the gauntlet - night as predator launch from the rim . ext . the gauntlet - night first come the hatchling , stream right into they face -- then veer away at the last second , repulse by light . next come feral sound overhead . riddick do not look . thin blue liquid spatter they . riddick do not look up . more spattering . fry look up -- and stumble when she behold ... a ceiling of predator . at the cusp of light , they dive and weave and dart , slashing each other in a rabid desire to SOUND out the human below . it 's like look into a bucket of angry eel . riddick keep go , keep go , keep go , keep go ! his voice whip they like the Devil 's coxswain . chasten , fry keep she eye down and speed up . more blue blood shower down -- follow by entrail drop out of the sky . could this be Hell itself ? imam ( a muttere mantra ) " so dark the cloud around my way I can not see , but through the darkness I believe God leadeth I . I gladly place my hand in his when all be dim , and , close my weary eye , lean hard on he .... " now whole corpse be crashing down around they , victim of in - fight . fry and imam start slalome through the ghastly mess . pilgrim # 1 pass too close to a corpse : a blade slice he leg , draw blood . he keep he mouth shut . ext . choke - point - the gauntlet - night the passage narrow into a choke-point . fry see it first . fry riddick ? riddick ? ahead , a clot of dead predator block the canyon . audrey what ? what be it ? riddick it 's a fuck staircase ! go over it ! go over it ! steeling themselves , they start climb . but audrey , on all four , have to discover the corpse with she hand . then , take exception at be walk on ... one " corpse " snap at she . audrey recoil sideways ... and tumble down the mound of corpse . she 's expose . predator ' Pov : rapid-fire image of audrey . flashes from 10 different predator . fry audrey ! audrey shake out of it and scramble for the shield just as ... a predator kamikaze onto the shield , its bone- blade pierce the metal ... and nearly skewer audrey beneath . caught in torchlight , steaming , the predator howl as it try to rip free of the shield . beneath , audrey hang on and take a thrashing . the predator tear clear , spin , pounce blindly at ... riddick , stand at light 's edge . stunningly , he catch the beast under its scythe blade , blunt the attack . the predator click madly at he . predator be Pov : of riddick 's face . the predator rear back its head , ready to bisect riddick with its skull - blade . switchblade fast , riddick drop a hand ... ... yank he shiv ... ... and sweep it over the belly of the beast . howling , the predator fall , disembowel . reaction shot of fry and imam . stun . riddick do not know who he be fuckin ' with . they regroup . imam 's head swivel back and forth : they be one person short . imam Suleiman ! riddick get the girl back under . keep go . imam suleiman ! riddick keep go or I will ! suddenly pilgrim # 1 reappear , thrust back into the light by unseen force . he 's still alive -- but should not be . he make a feeble attempt to grab onto imam , to anyone , but he 's go again before they can even react , jerk out of the light . out of existence . ext . the gauntlet - night they flail on . and now , finally ... finally .... the canyon widen , open up like some door to Heaven . the worst sound fall behind . we can see it in they sweat - sheen face : the faintest hope that maybe they have survive the seventh Circle of Hell . but then ... the torch spit and sputter . audrey hear patter on the metal shield . blood fall anew . one torch die -- yet somehow come back to life . imam upturn a hand , check the liquid for color . but this blood have no hue . fry oh , no . no , no , no .... imam rain . ext . the gauntlet - night rain montage : Water rilling , run , flow over rock and ground . ext . the gauntlet - night caught in a downpour , the survivor slog to a stop . one torch go out -- and will not relight . riddick so where the hell 's God now , huh ? ( no answer from imam ) I will tell you where ! he 's up there pissing on I ! fry riddick ? how close ? riddick shed goggle to look ahead . we do not know what he see -- nor what he 's think . fry tell I the settlement be right there ! riddick , please ! riddick we can not make it . hold on fry 's anguish face , render in die torchlight . somewhere behind , the awful sound return . riddick here ... hide here .... he 's find a crevice in the canyon wall . riddick Inside ... inside .... ext . crevice - the gauntlet - night they crawl into the fissure . the second torch die behind they . ext . the gauntlet - night there 's just one light leave now -- the one riddick wear on he back . by its glow , we watch he lift the shield , muscle it over to the crevice ... ext . crevice - the gauntlet - night ... and slide it over the open . a black beat . audrey ( a beat ) why 's he still out there ? fry 's not sure . be he protect they ? or entombing they ? ext . muddy rise - the gauntlet - night work like sisyphus , riddick haul the cell up a muddy rise . he stop at the top , peer through the rain . riddick's Pov : of the settlement . riddick disappear over the rise . the four cell follow , slithering through the mud like a serpent 's tail . ext . crevice - the gauntlet - night audrey he 's not come back , be he ? fry check imam 's face . < i> do riddick say anything to you ? " < / i> imam wag he head . a bleak beat -- before fry realize she can see he face . fry there 's light in here . it 's a soft glow from above . imam climb higher to discover small blue- white light cling to rock . he pluck a few . fry what be they ? close on the light in imam 's palm . they writhe with life . imam larva .... audrey glow worm .... fry ( mind racing ) how many bottle we get ? empty one ? int . skiff - night riddick board the dark craft . connect the power cell to the battery bay . watch the ship come to life . ext . crevice - the gauntlet - night close on a liquor bottle . it 's half full of glow - worm . audrey more , more , we need more .... they climb higher . Little by little , the bottle brighten they world . ext . skiff - night drenched in light , riddick stand in the hatchway of the skiff , look out into dark rain . be he struggle with a decision ? or just savore the safe harbor ? then very deliberately ... riddick smashes he handlight on the hull . he step inside and close the hatch behind he . ext . muddy rise - the gauntlet - night something claw its way up the rise . stand , we see that it 's fry , a bottle of glow - worm strung around she neck . ahead she spy ... the settlement . silhouett by engine- light . ext . skiff - night as the skiff engine warm up . int . skiff - night as riddick dabble with flight control . ext . settlement - night as fry , run , splashes past building . ext . crevice - the gauntlet - night audrey and imam huddle around a bottle of glow - worm : this be all they could harvest . presently scrabbling sound on the shield . imam ease one eye to a small hole in the shield . he can not see much until ... a blade rush through the hole . imam recoil hard , snatch up the glow - worm light to see ... more predator blade explore the edge of the shield . the light drive they away . for now . int . skiff - night riddick dim interior light , activate exterior light . he 's actually startle by the sight of ... fry. stand in the skiff headbeam . daring he to run she over . eye-lock . riddick open the hatch . ext . skiff - night they meet at opposite end of the gangway -- fry in the rain , riddick in the light . riddick strong survival instinct . admire that in a woman . fry you be not leave . not until we go back for the other . he laugh at that . fry ( cont 'd ) I promise they we would go back with more light . and that 's exactly what we be gonna do .. riddick think you have mistaken I for somebody who give a fuck . fry what , you be afraid ? riddick confusin ' I with johns now -- fear be he monkey . I only deal in life and death . all that stuff in between ? some shade of grey my eye do not see . fry I trust you , riddick . goddamn , I trust that some part of you want to rejoin the human race . riddick truthfully ? I would not know how . fry realize it 's impossible to shame a shameless man . with desperation edging she voice : fry then wait for I . I will go back myself . just give I more light for they . he toss she a light . the break one . fry just come with I ! riddick get a better idea . come with I . fry 's mouth move but nothing come out . riddick ( cont 'd ) they be already dead . get on board . fry you be fuckin ' with I . I know you be . riddick ' course I be -- but do not mean I will not leave you here . if you believe anything about I , better be that . fry no , you see , I promise they ... I have to ... I have to go and .... she 's bleed resolve . riddick can see it -- can smell it -- and he keep slashing away . riddick step aboard , carolyn . fry ( torture ) I can not .... I can not .... riddick ( approach , extend a hand ) here . make it easy on you . fry do not do this to I .... riddick just give I you hand . fry but they ... they could still be .... riddick no one 's gonna blame you . c'mon . take my hand and save yourself , carolyn . a beat . she take he hand -- and jerk he down the gangway . they sprawl through mud . she get a knee on he neck . fry I will not give up on they ! I will not leave anyone on this rock with that fuck thing , even if it mean -- in a blur , riddick roll and slap a shiv on she neck . be history repeat itself ? riddick 's face , though , be strangely calm . curious . even gentle . riddick you would die for they ? fry I would try for they . riddick you barely know they . fry but I be human . I know you view that as a weakness , but I be sorry -- I do feel fear , theirs too . goddamnit , riddick -- yes . I would die for they . ext . crevice - the gauntlet - night more scrabbling at the shield . imam cock he blade back , ready to do battle with ... fry . she heave the shield aside . behind she , riddick . audrey ( big -ey ) you come for we .... riddick yeah , yeah -- we be all fuckin ' amaze . anyone not ready for this ? ext . the gauntlet - night protected by the meager light of two glow - worm bottle , the four remain survivor head out . riddick tighter , tighter .... ext . muddy rise - the gauntlet - night riddick stop . they pile up awkwardly . fry listen hard . only rainfall . fry I do not hear -- he cover she mouth . riddick be Pov : Water have pool at the base of the muddy rise . a predator drink there . riddick ( on he breath ) do not see we ... wait for it to leave .... riddick be Pov : another predator land to drink . then another . they back be to we , but the pool be turn into a major gather place . soon they all can hear clicking above the rain . they nightmare be far from over . riddick get behind I . riddick be Pov : of a half - dozen predator shifting place at the pool . a slim gap appear . riddick when I go , we go . full -throttle . close on they hand , grip each other . riddick ready ...ready .... riddick's Pov : the gap between predator widen into a passage . a gauntlet within a gauntlet . riddick run . link like paper doll , the other follow blindly . riddick be Pov : of a predator turn to " stare " over its shoulder . predator be Pov : of riddick bear down fast . the survivor hit the water like lawn mower on leg , crash through , scatter water and predator alike , manage to reach ... the muddy rise . audrey lose she grip on the other ... and start back -slide . she cry out , turn the head of ... riddick . he catch audrey as she leg hit the pool . he muscle she back up the rise and heave she over the top , send she slip-slide down the other side . riddick you know the way ! not wait for he , fry and imam disappear over the rise . riddick's Pov : of the predator . regroup . crawl up the rise at we . ext . night fry , imam , and audrey run hard , glow - worm light bounce wildly . riddick be Pov : Chasing they . predator' Pov : Chasing riddick . ext . settlement - night fry , imam , and audrey reach the settlement . they spill around a corner and see ... the light of the skiff . ext . settlement - night riddick be Pov : ahead of we , we see fry , imam , and audrey vanish around the corner . breathing like a racehorse , we follow in they step , storming around the same corner . suddenly a predator be right there , right in we face . predator be Pov : of riddick skid to a stop . he snap a look up . riddick be Pov : of another predator perch gargoyle - like on the building . it speed-clicks at we . predator be Pov : of riddick slowly pull two shiv . brace himself . ready to blade it out . ext . skiff - night imam and audrey stagger aboard . safe in the light of the headbeam , fry turn back , panting , wait . wait . imam Captain .... he want she to board the skiff . fry give it another beat , eye sweeping the dark rain . and just when we think it 's over for riddick -- terrible scream be hear from both man and predator : there 's a helluva fight go on out there . Close out there . fry snatch the glow - worm off imam 's neck ... and plunge into the darkness , home in on the sound until ... a blade flash in she face . she duck and spot ... riddick . bloody , muddy , he 's down on he knee , still try to fight off the shadow - beast that swirl and slash all around he . around they both . fry it 's I , it 's I , it 's I ! she get the light around he neck . now we see he face clearly -- and see a very human expression there : fear . fry grab he armpit and try to pull he up . fry c'mon , riddick -- say I would die for they , not you . he get he foot under he . gripping each other , they start move , turn like dancer in a macabre waltz , hope the predator can not fix on riddick 's blood . fry just 10 step ... keep turn , keep turn ... that 's right ... other be already ' board , waitin ' for we right now ... five step ...c' mon , almost there , riddick ... almost there ... we be almost -- something jolt they . all clicking stop . extreme closeup : search each other 's eye . someone just get slashed from behind , slashed bad . but who ? riddick not for I .... in a eyeblink she 's go , rip from he arm . there be no scream . no cry . no final word . just ... blackness . ext . planet' orbit - night out of the blackness , a spot of fire race toward we . it resolve into the skiff , fabric wing burn off as it hit escape velocity . int . skiff - night close on a bloody hand . it toggle through nav-chart , plot a rendezvous with " sol - track 17b " shipping lane . in the cockpit , riddick find audrey beside he . she stare hypnotically at the star ahead . riddick probably okay to talk to I now . audrey not sure where to go . I be just runnin ' away when this whole thing start . ( a beat ) where you goin ' ? riddick not sure . I be just runnin ' away when this whole thing .... Interior smile . star sweep the windscreen as the skiff make a course- correction . one very bright star come into view . riddick might interest you .... imam move forward . see , he face lift . imam New Mecca .... riddick think a soul could get lose there ? with all that pilgrim-type ? imam it 's more a place where soul be find , Mr. riddick . as riddick ponder the possibility , we CUT to ... ext . planet' orbit - new dawn the first sun flare out from behind the eclipsing planet . its light feel cleanse . renewing . life-give . fade out