'' pitch perfect 2 " written by Kay cannon base on the book by mickey rapkin this material be the property of universal picture and be intend for we only by authorize personnel . distribution of disclosure of this material to unauthorize person be prohibit . the sale , copying , or reproduction of this material in any form or medium , in whole or in part , be strictly prohibit . as the universal logo appear on screen , we hear universal 's theme song be sung a cappella by ... int . kennedy CENTER - PRESS BOX 1 we a cappella commentator , JOHN and gail . JOHN excite , gail ? gail if I be not , would I be wear a diaper under this dress ? as John speak , we hear a march band play . JOHN ( v.o. ) welcome back , a cappella enthusiast ! int . kennedy CENTER - stage - august 2014 - night 2 a military band head off stage as the barden bellas get set . JOHN I be John Smith and sit to my right be gail abernathy - mccadden - feinberger . gail ( point to wedding ring ) this one 's gonna stick , John . JOHN well you save the Jew for last . gail ( gleefully nodd ) I do , I do . JOHN you be listen to let 's talk - appella , the world 's premiere downloadable a cappella podcast . gail we be come to you live from we nation 's capitol where the barden University bellas be about to rock the historic Kennedy Center . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 2 . continued : 2 the bellas : beca , chloe , lilly , stacie , cynthia rose , jessica , ashley and a small latina girl , florencia fuentes ( flo ) . Chloe nod at beca , who blow the pitch pipe . beca one , two , three , four ... the bellas sing : icona pop 's '' we get the World . '' beca ( cont 'd ) they say you 're a freak when we're having fun ... ( song continue ) this performance reflect a group at the top of its game . int . kennedy CENTER - PRESS BOX - continuous 3 JOHN this lady have break down every barrier in they path , have not they , gail ? gail so right , John . the first all - female group to win a national title . Three - time defend champ . and now here they be perform for the President of the United States on he birthday . reveal : the president and first lady , who sit in a private box [ stock footage ] . secret service agent stand guard . JOHN wow . what a inspiration to girl all over the country who be too ugly to be cheerleader . int . kennedy CENTER - stage - continuous 4 the bellas transition to : pitbull 's ( feat . ke$ ha ) '' timber . '' chloe it's go down / i'm yelling timber / you better move , you better dance ... bellas wooooah ( timber ) / wooooah ( timber ) / wooooah ( it's go down ) ... on stage : Cynthia Rose step up to rap . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 3 . continued : 4 cynthia rose the bigger they be , the harder they fall ... ( rap continue ) int . kennedy CENTER - stage - continuous the lady mash '' timber '' with '' we get the World . '' angle on : half bellas they say you 're a freak when we're having fun ... beca / bellas it 's go down / i'm yelling timbeeer ...! beca , kill it on stage . JOHN ( 0.c . ) there 's beca Mitchell , leader of the group . flo do some backflip across the stage . it 's impressive . on stage : good , but gail ( 0.c. ) International exchange student flo fuentes just earn she green card ! JOHN she may need to do that flip right over the fence and back into Mexico . gail I think she 's guatemalan . JOHN oh , none of that matter . the lady continue they kickass performance . it 's a little noisy . gail ( 0.c . ) there be so much go on on -stage , I do not know where to look . JOHN could not agree more . back in my day , we just sing . maybe snap we finger if we be feel frisky . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 4 . continued : 5 int . kennedy CENTER stage - continuous 6 the mash - up come to a end , and they sing the last line from '' America the beautiful . '' bellas from sea to shining sea ! the lady transition to : Miley Cyrus 's '' Wrecking Ball . '' from the rafter descend ... fat amy ! she wear a sparkly leotard and sit in a harness with billowy white material flow from she . she look like a angel . as she descend : fat amy I come in like a wrecking ball !/ I never hit so hard in love !... gail ( 0.c. ) wow ! what a surprise ! JOHN ( 0.c . ) a overweight girl dangle from the ceiling . who have not have that dream ? gail lot of we ! fat amy .-- I come in like a wrecking ball ! as the song continue , each Bella grab on to a piece of material attach to fat Amy 's harness . it look super cool , like something out of cirque du Soleil . as fat Amy spin thirty foot above the stage , fat amy ( cont 'd ) don't you ever say I just walked away / I will always want you ... during a move , fat Amy flip upside down , lose control . as she try to correct she position , she leotard rip at the seam with she back to the audience exposing she butt cheek ! the audience gasp ! thrown , the bellas stop sing . beca look up in shock . beca Goodbye innocence . back on JOHN and gail , who hold on to each other 's shoulder . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 5 . continued : 6 JOHN ( 0.c . ) she have no underwear on . we have a commando situation ! there be a commando situation on stage ! angle on : a stern-look President and first Lady . gail ( 0.c . ) who be on top of this ?! int . kennedy CENTER - tech booth - continuous tech guy frantically hit button to try to prevent the impending situation . int . kennedy CENTER - stage - continuous balloon be released from the rafter , '' hail to the Chief '' begin play over the PA . upstage , a american flag unfurl and a big birthday cake roll out on a cart . on stage : the harness turn fat Amy very slowly so that she 's about to face the audience . her arm be catch up in fabric and she can not cover she private ! gail ( 0.c. ) take she back up already ! JOHN she 's turn . she 's turn -- gail oh my god , the child ! would somebody think of the child ! John slap a hysterical gail across the face . on stage : as fat Amy be almost squarely show she bit to the audience , fat amy avert you eye or take it all in ! you need to make a choice ! gail ( 0.c. ) not the front ! nobody want to see the front ! the harness come to a stop with fat Amy flashing the audience with downtown full frontal . angle on : reaction of shocked anticipation from the bellas , audience member , and John and gail . CUT to MAIN credit : " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 6 . int . credit sequence - montage 9 a montage of clip feature several news personality cover '' muff-gate . '' some clip feature gif of fat Amy , hang expose with she downtown pixillate . local news anchor happy birthday , Mr. President . the Australian singer who call herself '' fat Amy '' give the President a birthday gift from '' down under '' during last night 's celebration hold at the historic Kennedy Center . ( turn to co-host ) and if you be wonder what I mean by down under , chip . I be talk about she vagina . she show she vagina . to the President . today show host all eye be on the barden bellas -- jake tapper Three time defend national champion , which be a real thing ... apparently . MSNBC reporter although authority have rule out terrorism as a motive , the bellas claim the mishap be merely a accident . and fat Amy issue a apology -- fat amy ( off paper ) I be deeply sorry for the upset that I have cause . I feel I have already receive punishment enough ... in the form of silk burn . exhibit C . as fat Amy turn to show she butt burn , fox news pundit it 's filth . woman who sing be just another example of cultural decay due to loose moral -- joe scarborough not wear underwear seem kind of intentional , do not you think ? ( continued ) 10 all " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5-11-14 continued : morning joe CO host yeah , you either choose to wear underwear or you do not wear underwear . joe scarborough that be a decision I make everyday . jimmy kimmel you know , until today , I think sing a cappella be the most embarrassing thing you could do . rosie o’donnell ( to the View panel ) usually that girl be on point but last night they be off point , off key , and they clothes on the floor . rosie PEREZ yeah , but I have rather be in that limo ride home with the real President and he be like , '' that shit be off the hook ! '' ext . barden campus - one month later - day 10 it 's a new school year . we see a bustling college campus and we bellas come together , head toward somewhere . int . dean of student affayr office - anteroom - same time all Chloe nervously pace in front of the bellas . beca Chloe , chill out . it be a mistake . they be not gonna burn we for witchcraft . chloe no , but right now , the people that run the i.c.c.a 's be - ( point inside ) in there with the Dean talk about we , and they think we be a bunch of laugh stock - appellas ! beca ( softly , be : pun ) that 's awful . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 8 . all continued : all beca ( cont 'd ) look , we have win three championship . whatever happen in there , we will be okay . maybe it 's a sign to focus on other stuff . chloe what other stuff ? beca you know , school , job ... life . chloe this group be my life . I have intentionally fail Russian lit three time just so I could still be a Bella ! Chloe drop into she chair . chloe ( cont 'd ) this be the worst thing that 's ever happen to any of we ! flo pat Chloe 's back , and in she ever-optimistic tone : flo you know , before come to barden , I have diarrhea for seven year . ( pause ) but yes , this be terrible . fat amy I do not understand . what 's the big deal , anyway ? cynthia rose um , you boosh - out we commander - in - chief . stacie yeah , he 's not suppose to see that stuff because he 's Muslim . fat amy stacie , have you learn anything since you have be in college ? a ancient-look secretary approach the lady , comically slow . then , very judge - y ... secretary the Dean be ready for you tramp . try not to hump the furniture . ( continued ) all " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 9 . continued : all yikes . the bellas file inside . int . dean of student affayr office - moment later the bellas stand in two row as if on trial . before they , a stern-look John and gail sit behind a desk on either side of the dean . dean lady , you have drag the good name of barden University into the gutter . and you have really upset this people , whose name I have already forget . JOHN ( sarcastic ) Nice intro , seacrest . gail do you know who we be ? chloe you be the National Association for the advancement of a cappella performer . JOHN that 's right . and we be concerned here at the n-triple a-c -p . you little southern exposure in front of the Commander - in - Chief have irreparably damage the entire institution of a cappella . fund have drop , sponsor be pull out , rashida Jones be deny ever be a part of it ! gail and the flood of complaint ! ( to fat Amy ) you would not believe the heavy flow cause by you vagina . fat amy you be a adult . you know what you just say . JOHN unfortunately a example must be make . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5-11-14 continued : gail it be the decision of this govern body that the bellas be hereby suspend from ever participate in competition at the collegiate level . a beat of shock as this new information sink in . lilly gasp ! JOHN ( lean in , be : lilly ) do she say something ? do the asian say something ?! John point a fancy pen at lilly . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ' Cause I will not be mock ! the Dean swipe the pen from John . dean hey , that 's my pen . I get it at alcatraz . gail the term of you suspension be laid out in this document . I be sorry , but it 's over . 10 . then : a concerned Chloe take the file from gail . she open and read it . beca okay , can we be reasonable ? fat Amy apologize . it be a accident . gail be it ? chloe ( off document , irk ) you be take we off we i.c.c.a. victory tour ? who 's go to sing the national anthem at the puppy bowl ? gail you be be replace by the european champion . ( more ) ( continued ) 11 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 11 . continued : gail ( cont 'd ) a german group whose skill be match only by its professionalism . JOHN in other word , they 's 1l keep they pants on . chloe so ... we can not defend we title , we can not tour ... dean and you can not hold any audition . we do not need you rank to grow like a fungus . chloe there 's nothing leave . so basically the bellas be over . the lady look at each other , the grim reality sink in . chloe ( cont 'd ) this. is. a .... ( emotionally sing ) aca-lamityyyyyyy ! beca put she hand on Chloe 's shoulder to comfort she . JOHN ( sympathetic ) I be sorry that this disciplinary action have shocked you , especially since all of you be senior . but the truth be , you be just woman . and you all be pregnant soon . off they shocked reaction , we CUT to ... ext . barden campus - day 11 emily , a super- cute eccentric freshman , stroll arm -in - arm with she mother , katherine . emily Mom , I be late . it 's orientation . you gotta let I go . Katherine , get emotional , will not let go of she daughter . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 12 . 11 continued : 11 katherine I can not . I can not do it . my only daughter , leave the nest . Katherine lean into Emily , sing Chicago 's '' if you leave I now . '' she have a beautiful voice . Emily love it . katherine ( cont 'd ) if you leave I now / you all take away the biggest part of I / uh uh uh uh no baby please don ’t go ... do you want I to stop because I can keep singing ...? emily I do not know how I be go to get by without you spontaneous sing . they come to a stop outside barden 's oldest building which have a banner above it : '' welcome barden CLASS of 2018 . '' katherine you be gonna love this place . just promise I you will call . ( get work up ) oh and honey , do not be afraid to express yourself . but not with that weird button in you earlobe , unless you want to work at a organic grocery store or indie coffee shop but then why be I pay for college ? -- emily Mom , slow down . I be not gonna do anything crazy . I be just go to write my song and join ana cappella group . katherine not just any a cappella group . ignore what lester Holt say , the bellas be a institution . my day as a Bella -- emily be the best of you life , I know . and I can not wait to be one -- unless they do not take I ? ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 13 . 11 continued : 11 katherine oh , they 'il take you . thanks to I , you be bear into it . ( hold she cheek ) then I 'il be you mother and you sister . emily Gross . okay -- Emily look over at the church and take a deep breath . emily ( cont 'd ) and the next phase of my life ... Emily take a big , symbolic step away from Katherine . emily ( cont 'd ) begins ! ( then , to a passerby ) hi. I be a adult now . ( to another passerby ) I can not wait to exchange idea with you -- katherine Emily ! could you be any more embarrassing ?! ( then , loudly sing ) ooh -ooh - ooh baby please don ’t go ! Emily sweetly wave good - bye at she teary - eye mother and enter the church . 12 omit ( renumbered to all ) 12 al3 int . dean of student affayr office - moment later al3 the bellas still stand before the Dean , gail , and John . chloe hold on ... wait a second ... a long beat . then , the Dean whisper to John and gail . dean how long be we go to wait ? JOHN / gail I get all day ./ we do not do much . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 14 . al3 continued : eye wide , al3 chloe aha ! ( hold up file ) there 's nothing in here that strip we of we i.c.c.a. title . and if we be still reign champ ... then we be automatically invite to represent America at the World championship this spring . the other look to each other . gail ( commentator voice ) ah , yes . the World championship of a cappella . where every four year , the best from all over the globe compete for world domination . ( wither a little ) I be sorry , I feel like I have to be '' on '' all the time or people will not like I . dean so this championship be like the Olympic ? chloe actually , a cappella competition start the year before the first game in athen . the discus be invent because they want something to throw at the singer . stacie ( aside to Chloe ) be that true ? chloe it might be . I be fail history , too . fat amy good luck pay that student loan , chlo . JOHN look , lady . we can not keep you from World 's competition , but it 's not go to help you case here . gail not at all . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 15 . al3 continued : al3 beca what if we win it ? the bellas perk up . John and gail laugh , hard . JOHN what if you win it ? what if you win it ? like , you outperform the other group . Ho ho ! how do you fit such big dream in such a small body ? what if you win it ? the two laugh even harder . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what if you win it ? beca yeah . if we win it , will you reinstate we ? gail ( through laughter ) sure . but no american team have ever win . JOHN ( proudly ) that 's because they hate we . gail the whole world . JOHN ( through laughter ) the whole world hate we ! off they continue laughter ... 13 int . church - moment later 13 Emily sit among the freshman CLASS in a beautiful , old cathedral . a enthusiastic orientation representative address the room flanke by barden cheerleader . representative hello , fresh person ! welcome to barden University ! a couple male cheerleader shoot off t- shirt cannon . the barden knight mascot run wildly across the stage . ( continued ) 13 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 16 . continued : 13 representative ( cont 'd ) you have make a great choice . and a cheap one . and while we football team do not crack the top hundred , we do climb to number three in the nation for hpv case . Emily take note . angle on : her notepad . she write '' hpv = everywhere . '' above it , there 's a to- do list : '' buy shower shoe . call mom. audition for bellas . '' on the other page , she 's write dozen of song lyric . representative ( cont 'd ) we have a special performance for you now . here they be , the pride of barden University -- ( read off card ) the Trey blem-aker ! we treblemakers run in . jesse address the room . jesse thank you ! we be the treblemakers . ( off rep 's shrug ) you can catch we every Wednesday night outside the Science Center and every Thursday night outside this creationist Chapel . hit it ! they sing mika 's '' lollipop . '' jesse ( cont 'd ) what' the big idea ?/ yo , mika jesse / trebles I say sucking too hard on you lollipop / oh , love gonna get you down / I say sucking too hard on you lollipop / oh , love gonna get you down / sucking too hard on you lollipop / love gonna get you down / sucking too hard on you lollipop love gonna get you down / say love , say love / love gonna get you down say love , say love ... as the trebles sing , they perform a fun choreograph routine . it 's classic trebles . a couple of girl swoon over jesse . Emily react , impressed . trebles ..- say love , say love / oh love gonna get you down . ( continued ) 13 14 15 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 17 . continued : 13 they land they final pose and bow . the rep take the stage . representative the treblemakers ! hey , who know they be not so shitty ? uhp -- ( point to the heaven ) that 's on I , God . ( then , to freshmen ) okay ! move in will begin just as soon as animal control clear out Franklin Hall ! and remember , painful urination be a sign of something . have a great year ! more t-shirt be shot out of cannon . omit ( renumbered to sc al13 ) 14 ext . barden campus - church - day 15 the trebles stand next to a table mark '' welcome packet & hpv vaccine . '' Emily walk up to grab she welcome packet . emily great job , trebles . you kill it . jesse and benji turn to Emily . benji be immediately smitten . jesse thanks . you like a cappella ? emily oh yeah . I get my heart set on become a Bella . it 's at the very top of all my dream board . benji , nervous , step in front of jesse and offer he hand . benji do I hear mention of dream ? hi. Benjamin applebaum at you service . May I say , you be so spirite . I just want to put you in a box and see you in half -- jesse pull benji back . jesse for magic ! as part of a trick . he do magic . it 's only weird if you do not embrace it . a amused Emily cross off . jesse turn to benji . ( continued ) 15 16 17 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5-11-14 continued : jesse ( cont 'd ) dude . explain yourself . benji I completely black out . how have I do , man ? jesse honestly ? I have see you do worse . ext . dean of student affayr office - moment later Chloe burst out the door follow by the bellas . chloe oh my god oh my god oh my god ... fat amy Chloe , do not blame yourself . you be a ginger , that 's punishment enough . beca this be not all you fault . this be on all of we . fat amy no it 's my fault . if only I tame my beast more like I say I be gonna do every New Year 's . stacie so if we do not win the World 's , what be we ? just a bunch of girl who hang out ? cynthia rose what 's wrong with that ? chloe everything ! I will not let we go down in history as the team that serve a clam pie to the first family ! beca ( snide , to lilly ) imagine the headline if Bush have be president . lilly '' meek co-e seduce Dick Cheney . '' beca shoot she a confuse look . beca 's cell buzze . step away to answer it . Chloe address the other . 18 . she 15 16 17 ( continued ) 17 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5-11-14 continued : angle on : back with chloe this be the biggest challenge that any of we have ever face ! flo when I be nine , my brother try to sell I for a chicken . so .... stacie well , I will do whoever it take to get to the top . fat amy you mean , '' whatever '' it take . stacie yeah , I 'il do that , too . a excited beca , quietly talk on she phone . beca ( into phone ) that 's great -- yeah , I can start Monday . I would be stoke to start on Monday . sorry , I do not say stoke . I do not say stuff like that . I be pretty cool . you be gonna like I . ( wince ) that be bad . the other , chloe we just need to attack this problem head on . with a hundred percent commitment and laser focus . right ? beca ( into phone ) great . I will see you on Monday . beca out ! ( hang up ) what ? chloe beca . beca yeah . 19 . beca run back into the Bella circle for a hand in and we CUT to .. 17 18 19 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 20 . ext . electric pony recording studio - curbside - day later 18 establishing shot . jesse 's car pull into frame . int . car / ext . electric pony recording studio - continuous 19 jesse and beca pull up in jesse 's car outside the main entrance of a hip -look recording studio . jesse lil Wayne 's record here , huh ? beca yep . and be arrest here twice . ( then ) can you believe they hire I ? jesse of course I can . you rock the party that rock the body . beca I do not ... know ... where to begin with that . they both exit the car . jesse walk around to beca who pull she computer bag from the back seat . jesse so ... any first day jitter ? beca ( a little cocky ) Nah , you know I . I be just gonna act all moody and distant . artist love it . jesse you be all so torture inside . try buy a kitten . beca you do not buy kitten . you can get they free , literally , anywhere . jesse there it be ! that 's what hook I ! beca crack a smile . beca dude , why do I feel so guilty about take this internship ? ( more ) ( continued ) 19 20 21 22 23 24 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 21 . continued : 19 beca ( cont 'd ) I have give a lot to the bellas , like three year of my life . jesse yeah , bec , you should not feel guilty for take you shot . beca this be a big deal , right ? jesse yes . this be a very big deal . beca kiss jesse goodbye and head inside . he shout after she . jesse beca nothin 's gonna stop my girl ! please do not embarrass I . becs in effect y’all ! beca ( laugh ) you can go now ! beca turn the corner of the building . jesse get back in the car and drive off . omit 20 20 omit 21 21 omit 22 22 ext . bella house - later 23 establishing shot of the Bella house , a nice two -story colonial . it 's currently toilet - paper and egge . int . bella house - day 24 at the kitchen table , fat Amy , flo and stacie go through a huge stack of letter . Chloe be busy on she laptop . stacie it 's be month . we be still get hate mail ? fat amy you would think my vagina beat up rihanna . ( continued ) 24 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 22 . continued : 24 Chloe hit a button on the computer . chloe okay , we be officially register . update you passport , lady . ' Cause we be head to the very sunny , very beautiful ... copenhagen ! they all jump up and down , excited . fat amy yeah ! where be that ? chloe no idea ! I fail Maps ! fat amy how be that a course ?! chloe ( off computer ) look like it 's be dominate by that stupid german team that take over we tour . stacie you mean steal we tour . fat amy Word . we need to scout that schweinhund . fat Amy pick up one of the letter . fat amy ( cont 'd ) but I be not worried . when we win , we can stick it to this chump who send we all this hate mail , like -- ( off letter ) Sonia sotomayor . reveal : the letter say '' die bitch '' in big , black letter . fat amy ( cont 'd ) judge -y bitch . the bellas be back ! chloe where 's beca ? she 's miss all the fun ! fat Amy shrug as we CUT to : 25 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 23. int . ep recording studio - hallway / bullpen - day 25 flash ! beca , disorient by a flashbulb , get she picture take . the same picture be hang around she neck on a big green id badge . in quick succession : she pop coffee pod into three different machine line up on a kitchen counter and hit three different brew button . she grab a bag of chip and hold it with she mouth . then , grab several coffee . beca walk briskly through a super hip office , gold and platinum record lining the wall . she take a wrong turn , correct herself , and finally land in a bullpen . she hand out coffee to hipster employees who do not even look at she . a hipster employee , dax , talk on the phone and snatch the chip right out of she mouth . beca thanks . I be have a hard time breathe . anything else I -- dax impatiently wave she away . beca nod '' get it . '' then , sammy , 40s , a music producer who be always wear designer t-shirt , sunglass and a ball cap , sweep in . sammy okay , everybody huddle up . let 's go ! let 's go ! to the table please ! a dozen employees from all over the studio begin crowd into the bullpen . follow they lead , beca drag a chair over . a in - charge woman smile and take it , assume beca bring it for she . beca awkwardly sit on the floor . sammy ( cont 'd ) come on . last one in have to help Frank watch youtube video to find the next Justin bieber . pan over to a really young millenial , frank . frank hey , I be turn twenty - five next week if anyone want to get drink , celebrate ... ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 24 . 25 continued : 25 sammy Frank , less talk . more watch kid in they bathroom play guitar . ( then ) okay , my people . check it . sammy push a button on a remote . on a projection screen , calvin '' snoop lion '' broadus , in a three - piece suit , stand at a candlelit gather , surround by multi - cultural child . sammy ( cont 'd ) that be -- the screen stop work . a frustrated sammy turn to dax . sammy ( cont 'd ) dax , do you call the tech guy ? dax yeah I talk to he . sammy ( shake head ) do you understand that everything else in my life work ? dax uh huh . sammy so I just need everything in here to work , too . dax he say he be gonna call I back -- sammy oh my god . dax you want I to call he now ? sammy ( beyond frustrated ) do not ... you do it now . dax ( suddenly nervous ) okay . sammy hit a button on the remote . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 25 . 25 continued : 25 sammy there we go . ( put remote down ) that be the lion himself , legendary snoop d-o- double - G sing '' White Christmas '' at a tree lighting ceremony in Moscow . they all react , '' nice . '' SAM he be so move by the power of music to unite the world or some shit that now he want to drop a cool Christmas album , put he spin on the classic . and because I sleep on a bed of grammy , he 's hire I to produce it . there 's a murmur of excitement . dax but snoop dogg already put out a Christmas album -- sammy if you have listen to it like I do -- strand in the air with t.i. ona golden hang glider , then you would have know that it be not the classic . I have have to listen to that album on two different occasion ... hang glider with t.i. and also ona rocket ship that eminem build . it do not go anywhere , but he 's get dream for it , okay ? so I need you to close you mouth . ( then , be : screen ) herein lie the problem . last I check there be over a million Christmas album -- with the same ten damn song on they . so we need all hand on deck to come up with idea on how to make this one stand out . you get I ? Fire when ready . the employee all look at each other . after a beat , dax what if we get that dog that bark jingle bell to back he up ? sammy try to stay compose . ( continued ) 25 26 27 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 26 . continued : 25 sammy let I guess . you want that dog to back he up because he name be snoop dogg ? dax yeah ! sammy ( to everyone else ) that be a really great example of a horrible idea . take a lap . dax what ? sammy take a lap . dax but I be wear skinny jeans . sammy I do not care . go , go , go . I want to see knee up . as everyone watch , dax struggle to jog around the studio . sammy ( cont 'd ) knee up please ! ( then ) guy , I gonna give you a little more time . a minute . one minute . sixty second . beca react , '' gulp . '' as sammy exit , sammy ( cont ’d ) my time be like a toddler ina tiara -- precious and short . good idea , my people ! snoop be come ! sammy leave . int . bella house - night 26 sfx : a door bell . ext . bella house - continuous 27 Emily stand on the porch . fat Amy answer . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 27 . 27 continued : 27 fat amy sorry my boob be all crazy . I be just jump . emily hi , I just come from audition . you guy be not there , and I be hope for the chance to sing for you . fat amy no . can not help you . we be not allow to take anyone new . fat Amy go to shut the door but Emily squeeze she way in . 28 int . bella house - continuous 28 emily no , no , wait ! I be a junk ! Cynthia Rose cross by the door . cynthia rose what you say about you junk ? emily ( nervous energy ) hi. I be Emily junk . I know , it 's weird . it 's my mom 's last name . my dad 's last name be hardon , so as a family , we just decide to go with junk . originally it be pronounce yunk but then my great grandfather have a fall out with he brother and right before he shot he he -- Emily stop when she notice the bellas , stare agape . emily ( cont 'd ) I be a legacy . junk . my mom be a Bella . chloe ( realize , gasp ) you mother be Katherine junk ? stacie who ? chloe only the top bitch of the 1981 bellas . ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 28 . 28 continued : 28 chloe ( cont 'd ) she pioneer the syncopate booty shake . and word be she have a five - octave vocal range . emily still do . you do not want to hear that woman do it with my dad . fat amy what a odd thing to say . jessica and Ashley enter . emily look , everyone know you be suppose to make room for legacy . it 's what make this country fair and great . flo not its abundant clean drink water ? chloe true . if a legacy want to audition we have to let she . ( as she sit ) okay , show we what you get . emily here . right here . right now . all the lady take a seat and face Emily , who be suddenly very nervous . emily ( cont 'd ) okay . I have like to perform a original song I be work on . I be not finish with it so ... let 's not be dick about it . ( beat ) sorry , be that too crass ? it be . ( then ) fat Amy , you have a lovely vagina . fat amy thank you . proceed . Emily sing she original song '' flashlight . '' her eye be always close . Emily have a soft , lovely voice . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 29 . 28 continued : 28 emily when tomorrow come / I all be on my own / feeling frightened of the thing that I don ’t know / when tomorrow come / when tomorrow come / when tomorrow come ... Emily 's soft voice draw the bellas in closer . a beat . emily ( cont 'd ) and though the road be long -- ( open eye ) still tinkering with this verse . sorry , work in progress . ( then , sing the chorus ) I got all I need / when I got you and I / 'cause I look around I / and see a sweet life / i'm stuck in the dark / but you're my flashlight / you're getting I getting I through the night / you 're my flashlight ... you 're my flashlight . chloe would you excuse we a moment ? the bellas huddle up and speak in hushed tone . chloe ( cont 'd ) she 's pretty good . can we take she ? fat amy what do you expect we to say ? she 's stand right there . ( then , '' discreetly '' ) definitely not a soloist . chloe technically , she come to we . so really we be not break any rule . stacie yeah , it 's the perfect loophole . flo we could always use another body . you know , in case one of we get kidnap for ransom , throw in a shipping container , and make to eat only leaf and gas receipt . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 30 . 28 continued : 28 fat amy flo , why do you always have to make everything about you ? cynthia rose I feel like we should not decide anything without beca . stacie anyone think it be creepy that she never open she eye ? fat amy again . we be still talk . and she 's stand right there . ( again , '' discreetly ) but if we be gonna talk negative , let 's start with the giraffe leg . angle on : Emily , eye wide with insecurity . then : lilly I keep a penny under my tongue . chloe okay , let 's put it to a vote . if you think we should let she in , sing ag sharp . if you do not , sing a E flat . one , two -- bellas ahhhhhhh ! it 's impossible to tell who vote what . Chloe turn to Emily . chloe welcome to the bellas . emily o. M. aca - G ! Emily do a goofy celebratory dance that last two second on a repeat loop . fat amy what 's happen right now ? emily I ’m gif ’ing myself ! Cynthia Rose grab she by she shoulder to stop she . ( continued ) 28 a29 29 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 31 . continued : 28 cynthia rose girl , stop . stop . girl stop that . emily sorry . so when do initiation start ?! i’1l go back to my dorm and pretend to be surprised when you throw a hood over my head and make I solve a rubik 's cube while suck vodka from a maxi pad . ( off they look ) that 's what my mom say happen . fat amy look around , we can not really spare a maxi pad , so consider this you initiation . fat Amy place she hand on Emily 's forehead and gently nudge it away . then , fat Amy make the '' no more bet '' hand gesture . emily whoa . that be really cool . music up from the treble house : ll cool J 's '' mama Said knock you out '' waft over . fat amy alright , grab you nut , lady , it 's party time ! we have get ticket to Copenhagen and a brand new Bella ! fat Amy lead the bellas out . Emily follow behind . emily ( genuinely ask ) should I shut this door ? do it lock when it shut ? ext . treble house - front lawn - night a29 the bellas cross through a hedge , revealing the treble house , right next door . a party be obviously in progress . ext . treble house - pool - moment later 29 the bellas enter . join the trebles be the other barden a cappella group . a group of treble initiate with dark hood on they head be march by . Emily be in awe . emily wow . my first college party . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 32 . 29 continued : 29 fat amy this be not just any college party . it 's a cappella only . so if you get laid tonight , it 'il be short and forgettable . Emily love it . jesse approach . jesse bellas ! welcome ! chloe hey , jesse . where 's beca ? I think she might be with you tonight . jesse ( throw ) I think she be with you . chloe I think she be with you . this go on forever . jesse we have get keg , taco on the foosball table . oh and enter the pool at you own risk . benji wash we pet pig in it . reveal : benji hold squeak , a mini-pig in a bow tie . benji squeak be really the sweetest guy in the world . but be careful , he 's a terrible drunk . as the girl disperse , Emily be reveal . emily hey ! benji right ? benji freeze , shocked that Emily 's there and remember he . benji gleff . pling shlargen -- oh my god , that be not word . benji gesture to himself and Emily and then point off like he want to take she somewhere . benji ( cont 'd ) krol fluebal and a movie . ( continued ) 29 30 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 33 . continued : 29 emily be you ask I out ? benji shrug '' maybe . '' then get more courage and nod '' yes . '' emily ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's so sweet . it 's just that it 's my first week and I be not plan on rush anything . benji smile awkwardly , then throws down a smoke pellet . a very small amount of smoke emerge and he duck down to hide into it . just then , daft punk 's '' get lucky '' start to play . ext . treble house - backyard pool - continuous 30 treble clear the runway ! there 's a buzz of excitement . all head turn to a guy in the barden knight 's mascot head on a motorize scooter , pumping up the crowd . a path clear between he and a wooden jump laid over the new treble pledge . crowd jump it , jump it , jump it ... the guy revs the engine and gun it straight toward the jump . camera follows he and then pan slightly ahead to focus on the jump before he reach it . a beat . the chant die . camera whip back to see the scooter have be stop dead in its track by a small garden hose that be leave across the lawn . the guy hit he fist against he hip in frustration and take off he helmet to reveal : it 's bumper ! bumper dude ! how many time have I tell you ?! pick up the garden hose when you be do with it ! I look like a freakin’ idiot ! bumper throws the mask into the pool . jesse you do not live here ! bumper ( whipping around ) who say that ?! reveal : the back of bumper 's shirt say , '' campus security . '' fat Amy pass by . bumper stop she . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 34 . 30 continued : 30 bumper ( cont 'd ) fat Amy , my little pleasure dome . you up for some benefit -- ( thumb point to self ) with a friend tonight ? fat amy you know for someone who leave school year ago , you be harder to shake than mono . bumper hey now . just chillin’ with my treb . I be kinda they idol . treble ( 0.c . ) go home , old man ! bumper ( shout back , joke ) ha ! no you be ! ( to fat Amy , boastful ) so fatamé , I have some big news . I be wait to audition for a well - know tv sing competition . fat amy oh yeah ? which one ? bumper Rather not say . ( then ) but I be always on the verge of blow up . my brah John mayer 's go on tour soon so -- fat amy he fire you immediately for wear he bracelet . bumper we have some creative diff , but he ’1ll call . he email I once so I have he lawyer 's address . fat amy it 's okay , bump . you have have a rough go of it . maybe it 's because of you hateful little troll face . bumper scrunches up he face . it be the exact face of the mascot head . ( continued ) 30 31 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 35 . continued : 30 fat amy ( cont 'd ) there it be . that 's the face of a unsuccessful man . as fat Amy walk away to join the bellas dance ... bumper so I will skeeze you later ?! ( suddenly alone , then ) shot ! he look around several time . no one respond . ext . treble house - tiki bar - continuous 31 jesse sit by himself , take in the party . a exhaust beca sidle up to he . jesse hey ! you make it ! beca could not miss we last hood night party . jesse so ... how be the internship ? beca Eye open . they do not dick around there . but on the plus side , I wash out a coffee mug that may have be use once by eminem . it have a real angry vibe to it . jesse Chloe ask I where you be . why have not you tell she about it yet ? beca there be a lot go on . she 's lock in on how to win the world . I just need to pick the right time . beca look over at the bellas , dance and have a blast . jesse nudge she arm . jesse c’mon . let 's get stupid together while we still can . " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 36 . 32 ext . treble house - poolside - continuous 32 beca and jesse cross over to the bellas . excite to see she , they cheer like belligerent drunk . bellas / chloe beca !/ yeah !/ get over here , you dirty slut ! beca ( be : '' dirty slut '' ) I know you be just try to reclaim that word , but it 's still not cool to say -- they pull beca into a small Bella dance circle . beca ( cont 'd ) oh my GOD ! the bellas jump up and down , laugh and sing to the music . Chloe , catch up in the moment , rip off she shirt . chloe we 're go to the world ! she cannonballs into the pool in she pants and bra . chloe ( cont 'd ) ( resurfacing ) who 's with I ? colllllege ! all the partygoer look at each other , '' not interested . '' stacie turn to Cynthia Rose . stacie cynthia rose eh , this be kind of a nice blouse . my phone be in my pocket . Chloe splashes wildly . chloe ( cont 'd ) c'mon ! everybody in the pool ! bumper dip just he toe in . bumper ooh , brisk ! fat amy the pool 's not happen , chlo . a overly excited Emily approach beca . ( continued ) 32 33 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 37 . continued : 32 emily Holy moly , I be so excited to meet the woman who single - handedly create the Bella sound . I can not believe we be sister ! beca oh right , Chloe texted I we add a legacy . I do not even know that be a thing but hey , good for you . whatever work . emily yeah , I admit it . I have a lot to prove . but I be equal to the task . I be a open vessel and ready to drink of you knowledge . Emily stare at beca with awe , kind of creep beca out . beca ( smile ) well , it be nice to meet you ... I think I be go to go stand somewhere else . beca cross away . Emily react , '' that be not great . '' just then we angle on : squeak , run wildly with benji try to catch he . squeak escape into the pool . tight on : lilly , who pop up from the water . she dart she eye only to go back under . everyone laugh and sing the night away . angle on : fat Amy and bumper discreetly walk off together . int . convention CENTER - car show / lobby - next day 33 people mill about a large convention hall with several car on display . the party - out bellas cross through the exhibition floor and on to a escalator lead by stacie . all by Emily be hungover . beca slow up . I be not really awake yet . stacie last night be epic . cynthia rose until it get weird . ( continued ) 33 34 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 38 . continued : 33 lilly I get adopt by a family of cockroach . beca ( to fat Amy ) what happen to you ? we could not find you anywhere . fat amy oh ... it be nothing embarrassing . ( clearly lie ) I just have to rush home and put some yogurt ... on my hemorrhoid . fat Amy hit she own forehead , disappointed in she lie . chloe guy , focus up . we be here for one reason : to scout the competition . emily it 's totally go to help we win the World 's if we know what we be up against . chloe so where the hell be this tour thief ? Chloe look around , then sigh . chloe ( cont 'd ) aw , c’mon . reveal : stacie , rub up against a sporty car while businessmen take photo . fat amy beca Jesus , stacie . keep it in you pants . beca and fat Amy pull stacie away . int . convention CENTER - car show / stage - day 34 the bellas enter a room contain a sleek , modern industrial stage with a futuristic car on it . chloe what the ? this all should have be ours ! suddenly , the car drive off stage . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 39 . 34 continued : 34 flo Holy aca-moly . chloe okay , the car move . nothing else . fat amy but they be move backwards . with ghost drive they . a l.e.d. panel raise up , revealing : dsm 's model - esque leader , the kommissar , address the crowd . kommissar we be das sound Machine . a german collective operate in concert to create sonic mastery . what better way to appreciate automotive perfection . das SOUND machine ( dsm ) , a large , co -ed group wear headset micu enter through smoke , backlit and intimidating , sing the chorus to muse 's '' uprise . '' das SOUND machine you will not control US / we will be victorious ! they be amazing . the bellas look on , intimidate . then , dsm mash '' uprise '' with dvbb & borgeous 's '' tsunami . '' they have a Berlin cool , electronica sound that require a high level of skill . dsm tsunami drop / drop , nami na nami na nami na , nami ... ( song continue ) as they perfectly blend this two song , they add precision choreography use all part of the stage . it 's impressive . angle on : the bellas , watch in awe . dsm ( cont 'd ) they will not force US / they will stop degrading US ... ( song continue ) the beat boxer pieter clock the bellas . he have crazy attitude and the audience love it . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 40 . 34 continued : 34 fat amy ( be : pieter ) we get it , dude . you be good . ( then , to the lady ) he probably have implant . there 's no way that be he real lip . cynthia rose man , they roll deep . how can we compete with a group that size ? stacie and they dance crazy good . they be so in sync . das SOUND machine we will be victorious so come on ! dsm finish they set to applause . they bow . kommissar danke shoen ! 35 int . convention CENTER - car show —- continuous 35 camera whip back over to the bellas . dsm approach they . kommissar barden bellas . you come here to see we . be it because you be ... what do the american kid say , jelly ? chloe we be so not jelly ! kommissar we should probably thank you for make this tour a reality . das sound Machine be now a gold elite member at La quinta inn because of you bumbling ineptitude . ( to pieter ) we should send they something . fruit basket ? pieter yum , yum . kommissar or would you prefer mini muffins ? ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 4l. 35 continued : 35 beca okay , we do not come here to start something with you guy . we just want to check you out . you know , for when we go to the world . and kick you ass . bellas / fat amy oooh !/ get it , girl . kommissar ( step up to beca ) you ? you be the kicker of ass ? but you be so tiny . like a elf . or be it a sprite ? Fairy ? ( in german ) what be the word I mean ? pieter troll . kommissar ( matter -of - fact ) that 's it . you be like a troll . beca ( try to comeback ) well you ... be ... physically flawless . but that do not mean I like you . chloe we be not scared about the world because when the bellas hit the stage we be go to blow mind . pieter blow mind ? with what ? more of flabby Abby 's baby chute ? fat amy that 's not my name . pieter I do not know you name . it could be anything . obese denise . inflexible tina. lazy Susan ... fat amy ( step up ) my name be fat Amy , un I eat kraut like you for lunch . ( continued ) 35 36 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 42 . continued : 35 pieter you team be like , a , how do you say that ? a heat mess . you know , a mess where heat be apply to it so what once be a little messy be now even messier . kommissar darling , please take my advice . do not try to beat we . you can not . we be the best . ( then , to beca ) I must go and rest my neck . it be sore from look down on you . beca step up to the kommissar and stand on she tiptoe . beca okay ! just because you be make I very sexually confuse do mean that you be intimidating . we get a chip on we shoulder and nothing to lose . and we be not back down from anyone . beca turn to leave . the bellas follow . beca turn back . beca ( cont 'd ) aca Wiedersehen , bitch . ( then ) aw , what 's happen to I ? why be I use my hand so much ? int . bella rehearsal space - day 36 '' das SOUND machine '' be write on a whiteboard . beca and Chloe address the bellas . chloe alright , lady , focus up . we have to beat that german dumbkopf ! fat amy yep , yep ! emily but the important thing be that we have fun , right ? they all react , appal . ( continued ) 36 36 a 36 B 36c 36d " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 43 . continued : 36 fat amy Legacy . do not take this the wrong way , but you be the dumbest person alive . Emily hang she head . chloe we be go up we game musically and then blow out we choreography to match . fat amy ( nodd ) I like it . amp up the staging , the spectacle , the whole sheep - bang . emily do you just say '' sheep bang '' ? fat amy yeah , in tasmania , it 's what happen when you gather every goat herder in the village -- beca nope . do not finish that . ( then ) so here 's the plan . we beat das sound Machine at they own game . do what they do but do it better . the lady smile in agreement . fat amy -- and then they make love to the sheep . the lady react , disgust . santigold 's " go '' play over a ... '' how to beat dsm '' montage : [ activity tbd . ] beca sit in the bleacher and open she laptop . she put 36a headphone on and get to work . some bellas hula Hoop while try to sing . it 's a struggle36B Chloe lead the lady in some intense choreography . 36 C they practice basket - toss lilly . as if to throw she next36d they turn to a terrify flo . ( continued ) 36 36e 36 F 36g 36h 361 365 36 k 36l 36 m 36n 360 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 44 , continued : 36 flo ( shaking she head no ) people be not bird . fat Amy hold a flame skewer . she stick the skewer in he b6e mouth and the flame go out . everyone react , impressed . fat Amy remove the skewer , pretend it do not just burn the crap out of she mouth . fat amy naile it . gonna be a show stopper . clearly she tongue be swell up , but she '' play it cool . '' flo teach a few bellas how to do a backflip . Cynthia rose36f '' try '' to do one . she get stick in a back bend . Ashley roll in a pole that stacie immediately mount . beca hit a few button on she computer and create some ma3h¢ up beat that be add to '' go . '' flo do a worm across the floor while jessica and Ashley 36h jump over she side to side . with hand on hip , fat Amy try to fight the mouth pain . 361 fat amy ( cont 'd ) anyone have any aloe or lanolin on they person ? how about a high - speed fan ? popsicle ? Emily and a few other try to balance broom on they chins36J lilly be throw into the air . some bellas do not catch she af @ k she fall face first on to the ground . the lady rush to she to make sure she 's okay . she pop back up , unhurt . flo back - handsprings across the floor while Chloe teach 36l beca and stacie to use poi ball . beca be look into fat Amy 's mouth . 36m fat amy ( cont ’d ) beca I can not feel it . I know it 's calm down , you tongue be go ! there . Chloe nod to flo to turn off the light . as soon as it 's 36n dark , she begin '' glow stick '' , then other join in . flo do some round - off while the lady applaud . 360 eventually , she stop and , dizzy , fall to the ground . ( continued ) 36 36 p 360 37 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 45 . continued : 36 the lady try to basket - toss lilly for the umpteenth time .36p it work ! beca be still on she laptop . angle on : her computer , we see36Q beca upload / drag ten different pop song into a file . the music stop and we ... end montage . int . bella rehearsal space - day 37 Chloe address the room after a long day of rehearsal . beca privately check the time on she phone . chloe okay ! I think we be get somewhere . i’1l work on landing we a gig so we can rehearse it live . fat amy yeah , and for the record , I do not want to eat fire . cynthia rose no one ask you to . you just do it . fat Amy put she finger on she nose and point to Cynthia Rose , '' nail it . '' chloe hand in . as per Bella tradition , the lady huddle and put they hand in the center . Emily follow along , unsure . chloe ( cont 'd ) National champ . one , two , three -- hand go up . the bellas sing : all / emily time ! / four ! as the lady file out , Emily approach beca , who be hastily put she laptop in she bag . emily hey , be it weird we never get around to sing today ? ( continued ) 37 38 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 46 . continued : 37 beca well it 's tough to sing when we do not have the arrangement and that 's on I so thanks for remind I . chloe ( overhear ) yeah bec , we be go to need that asap so we can start nail down we choreography . beca ( wear on she ) I be right on top of that , Chloe . chloe awe . beca yeah . awe . as beca zip up she bag , throw it over she shoulder , and start to head out , Emily follow she . emily so I just want you to know that I have be work really hard calming my nerve and keep my eye open and stuff . I be hope to show you , maybe get some pointer . beca sorry , I do not mean to be rude , but I just have somewhere where I need to be . ( as she head out ) um , you do great today . beca exit . off Emily 's intimidate expression , int . ep recording studio - booth - night 38 sammy , dax , and a few execs sit in a state - of - the - art recording booth , look stump . through the glass , snoop sing a plain rendition of '' Blue Christmas . '' beca enter and anonymously distribute a stack of burrito . snoop i'll have a blue christmas without you / i'll be so blue -- ( continued ) 38 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 47 . continued : 38 sammy ( into intercom ) ( hit a button ) wait , hold up -- snoop wait , hold up ? man , I sound awesome right now . we still do not have it ? I swear I be nail it in the shower this morning . sammy ( into intercom ) Nah , it 's a tech thing . take five . while sammy and the gang discuss , snoop take out a word search book and start circle . sammy turn to the group . sammy ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing special about the song yet , you know ? any idea -- dax ( cautious ) okay , hear I out . sammy ( already exhaust ) please , dax , please -- dax we could throw in some sleigh bell and auto-tune it . go full kitsch . sammy '' full kitsch ? '' yes . dax react , relieved . snoop ( in booth ) ( circle in book ) upward , backwards , diagonal . you can not hide from I '' Oliver twist . '' sammy here 's what we will do . we will go full kitsch and then -- ( sarcastic ) sell the album next to velvet cat painting at the Farmer 's market . dax deflate . sammy ( cont 'd ) go eat in the corner . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 48 . 38 continued : 38 dax corner ? where be I go to put my sriracha sauce ? sammy say one more hipster thing , and I will shove you in you vintage bassoon case . sammy push dax 's roll chair away with he foot . sammy ( cont 'd ) aim higher , my people . and be very careful what you pitch next . ( be : button on the board ) this button here break a small child 's toy . and I will hit it multiple time if you keep come at I with garbage . a beat . beca steel herself and step forward . Holy crap ! beca have he sing it again . the same way . sammy turn to beca , notice she for the first time . sammy and who be you ? beca I be ... nobody . literally nobody . I just have a think . sammy take beca in . then , he turn to the board . sammy ( into intercom ) okay . just like last time . snoop put he word search book away and start sing . he can only hear himself . snoop i'll have a blue christmas without you / i'll be so blue ... as snoop sing , beca jump in with she own version of '' have yourself a merry Little Christmas . '' the two classic mashed up make it sound like a brand new song . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 49 , 38 continued : 38 snoop ( cont 'd ) beca thinking about you / decoration of red on a have yourself a merry little GREEN christmas tree / won't be christmas the same dear , if you're not here with me./ and when that let you heart be light blue snowflakes start fallin '/ that's when that from now on you troubles blue memories start will be out of sight callin '/ you'll be doin ' all right , with you christmas of you'll be do all right white / but i'll have a blue , with you christmas of blue , blue , blue christmas . white ... the song over , snoop turn to sammy , completely unaware of what just happen . sammy smile at beca . beca or it can be something different -- okay . sammy ( to snoop ) that be amazing , snoop . thank you so very much . everything . perfection . perfection . snoop groovy like a drive - in movie . sammy look back again at beca . sammy you can sing . beca I be like a three - time collegiate a cappella champion so ... we be both huge success in we field . sammy yeah , let 's say that . what do you do here ? beca just get coffee and burrito and stuff . but I want to produce music -- sammy dax , do I a favor . turn around and watch this exchange . ( be : beca ) that 's value add , okay . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 50 . 38 continued : 38 sammy ( cont 'd ) ( then , to beca ) well if you have any demo you would like I to listen to , I 'il make the time . a beat . then : beca oh , seriously . oh ! sammy seriously , yeah , you just earn it . ( then ) dax , see what happen there ? she do something that be helpful and now I be go to reward she by listen to she demo . turn back around . dax turn back around . beca beam as sammy hit a button on the board . sammy ( into intercom ) ( cont 'd ) okay snoop , we have a idea . snoop I too . Water skis . but for dry land . sammy ( into intercom ) you be a genius . beca take a seat . as they resume work ... re-order of scene - move scene 39 to after riff off . 40 ext . bella house - evening - continuous 40 beca stand in the yard look at the house . through the window , we see the bellas , in nighty , be in the middle of a huge pillow fight . 41 int . bella house - moment later 4l feather , giggle and squeal . it 's just shy of a classic male fantasy . a Ryan gosl movie play on tv . fat amy this be awesome ! ( then ) why be we do this again ? ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 51 . 4l continued : 4l chloe I do not know . it just sort of come naturally . beca enter , take in the scene and cheer up . beca what be I look at ? the pillow fight continue . fat amy just a bunch of odd duck in uncomfortable sleepwear have a pillow fight . fat Amy whacks beca with a pillow . beca easy ! that 's memory foam ! ( then ) you know , this set woman back about thirty year . chloe Nah , we be just release stress . emily technically , beca 's right . my mom talk about Bella pillow fight in the eighty that last for day . beca hold up a fancy invitation . beca this be on the porch . Chloe grab the invite from beca . chloe what be this ? it 's real fancy . Chloe open it , and the card immediately make a '' ahhhhh '' sound . she quickly close it . she open it again . the '' ah '' happen again but do not last long . Chloe read the card . chloe ( cont 'd ) look like we have be invite to sing at some fancy party . emily we be go to sing ? finally ! ( continued ) 4l 42 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 52 . continued : 4l cynthia rose like a actual gig ? chloe maybe . there 's just a address and a password . fat amy ooh , how sexy and mysterious . lilly like how all I tooth be from other people . lilly crack a smile and we CUT to : ext . mansion - front door - night 42 the bellas be at the front door of a mansion that stand on a large estate with manicure grounds . chloe anyone else scared ? stacie yeah . it 's be six week since my last period . they look at she , '' yike . '' beca knock . a man open up a small window in the door , he face obscure by shadow . man ( husky voice ) password please . beca ( reluctantly ) fart noise . man I be sorry . do you not see the parentheses around it ? beca roll she eye . she put she face in the crook of she elbow and blow , create a fart noise . the window close . the door open . reveal : sir willup brightslymoore . sir willup bellas ! I be so glad you all come ! come on in ! 43 44 int . mansion - staircase - continuous " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 53. int . mansion - foyer / sitting room - moment later 43 Sir willup lead the bellas on a skooter through a gorgeous foyer and sit room into he kitchen . all nouveau riche . sir willup stand in front of you , lady , happen to be the world 's biggest a cappella fan . beca great ! we find you ! ( then ) what can we do for you ? sir willup so last week when I be have a tinkle , it occur to I -- fat Amy touch a ceramic goose that 's sit on a counter . sir willup ( cont 'd ) do not ! fat amy ( hand up ) sorry . sir willup that be rude . you do not come into a gentleman 's house and touch he goose . beca so be we early ...? or -- sir willup actually , you be pretty late . Sir willup get on a skooter . sir willup ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! the lady follow he into ... 44 he lead they down a set of stair . at the bottom : sir willup this be the big time . ( continued ) 44 45 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 54 . continued : 44 he open some curtain revealing : int . mansion - basement speakeasy - continuous 45 a crowd of beautiful people mingle , await the festivity . Sir willup disappear into the crowd . the bellas wander into the space try to figure out what 's happen . flo only a man who sell the white powder life like this . suddenly , the bellas pull up , stop behind Chloe . chloe das sound Machine , ten o'clock . the bellas turn slightly to they leave . no dsm . beca turn slightly to she right . dsm ! beca two o'clock , Chloe . be you fail clock too ? the kommissar and pieter approach they . kommissar ( to beca ) tiny mouse , we meet again . have you abandon you foolish plan to face we at the world ? beca you wish you ... gorgeous specimen -- ( to Chloe ) she 's really in my head . kommissar very well . i’1ll be happy to send you there . i’1l mail you . large envelope . cost nothing . pieter well it would cost more than nothing . but it 's still cheaper than send like a horse , or a adult moose -- beca ( dander up ) you know what , do you ever stop and think that you be too big ? it would cost a fortune to mail you ! ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 55 . 45 continued : 45 Chloe pull beca away . jesse walk up to they . they be both surprised to see each other . jesse hey ! beca hey ! what be you do here ? what be go on ? a start of a announcement ... jesse I guess I gotta go . beca why ? jesse cross away . 46 int . mansion - ballroom - continuous 46 suddenly , the light dim and a spotlight shine down in the middle of the room on we host , Sir willup . sir willup welcome , welcome to the first ever showdown of the National a cappella laser ninja Dragon League ! the spectator cheer while the team look confuse . sir willup ( cont ’d ) can you dig iiiiiit ?! to begin , let 's meet the team ! first we have the treblemakers ! in a corner of the room , a spotlight shine down on the treblemakers . the crowd applaud . sir willup ( cont 'd ) next up . the tone hangers ! another spotlight shine down and each tone hanger step into it , sing a note on the scale . we see jason jone , joe lo truglio , reggie watt and end with the newest member , bumper . he bask in the applause , raise he hand . bumper raise you hand if you have park John mayer 's car . oh , just I ? that 's who I be . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 56 . 46 continued : 46 sir willup the barden bellas ! a spotlight shine down on the lady . sir willup ( cont ’d ) Wisconsin 's pride : the Green Bay packer ! a spotlight shine down on the GREEN BAY packer , wear they team jersey . they leader , clay matthews , step up and do he signature sack celebration . fat amy I would like to be the brisket in that man sandwich . sir willup and lastly , take a break from they national tour , das sound Machine ! a spotlight shine down on das sound Machine . sir willup ( cont ’d ) here 's how this work . when I point to you , you sing a song from one of the category that appear on that board . only one rule : you have get to meet the beat . but you have to do it follow the leader style . Sir willup point to dsm and fitz lay out some vocal percussion ( all the group will eventually join in on this ) . sir willup ( cont 'd ) if you can not carry the tune , you whole team 's out ! as in , '' you gong ! '' and then -- Sir willup go to pick up a heavy stick . sir willup ( cont 'd ) cornelius , I tell you before . this be too heavy . I can not lift it with my arm . finally , Sir willup hit a go . he turn back to the crowd . sir willup ( cont ’d ) okay . now the winner get ... Epic brag rights ! ( continued ) 46 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 57 . continued : 46 everyone react , '' meh . '' sir willup ( cont 'd ) and this -- ( hold up a envelope ) a forty - two thousand dollar gift card to Dave & buster . everyone react , '' wow . '' sir willup ( cont ’d ) let 's begin with ... Sir willup gesture to a spot on the wall . a blacklight shine on it , revealing the word '' song about butt . '' sir willup ( cont 'd ) ooh , a personal fave - song about butt ! Sir willup point to dsm . over the beat , the kommissar take lead sing siquo 's '' thong song . '' kommissar she have dump like a truck truck truck / thighs like a what what what / baby move you butt butt butt / let I see that thong Sir willup point to the bellas . beca jump in with flo rida 's '' low . '' beca shawty have they apple bottom jeans boot with the fur / the whole club be looking at her / she hit the floor / next thing you know / shawty got low , low , low , low , low , low he point to clay matthews , who sing destiny 's child '' bootilicious . '' clay matthews baby , can you handle this / baby , can you handle this / I don ’t think they can handle this / I don ’t think you 're ready for this jelly - — Sir willup spin , point to tone hanger 's Jason Jones . he come in with kc & Sunshine Band 's '' shake you booty . '' jason jone shake shake shake ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 58 . 46 continued : 46 donald faison shake shake shake reggie watt shake you booty shake you booty shake shake shake / shake shake shake / shake you booty / shake you booty bumper yeah — Justin point to the benji who sing Sir mix a lot 's '' baby get back '' . benji I like ' em round and big / and when i'm throwin 's a gig / I just can't help myself , I ’m actin 's like a animal / now -- benji catch Emily 's eye and get flustered . the other benji ( cont 'd ) now here 's my thing / just a reminder / I wanna get you ho ! -- ( in Emily 's direction ) but in a respectful way / and I all draw you a hot bath and talk to you about you day -- trebles lose the beat . the crowd boos . sir willup stop , stop . what be that ? hold up , hold up . ( approach benji ) you think you be a better lyricist than Sir mix -a-lot ? a man who be knight by the Queen ... you know , the band Queen ? benji no , sir , I do not . I could not help it . I catch a glimpse of angel and I get inspire . benji look over at Emily , who react a little embarrassed . sir willup well , you be go to hell because treblemakers ... ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 59 . 46 continued : 46 Sir willup hit a go behind he . sir willup ( cont 'd ) you go ! 47 int . mansion - ballroom —- continuous 47 sir willup the next category be ... the blacklight reveal '' country love . '' clay matthews I be all about this ! no one in this room have love more tenderly than I have ! please pick we . let I have it ! let we have it ! let the world have it ! fat amy I would give it to he . Sir willup almost point to clay but then fake he out , point to jason jone . he sing Tim mcgraw 's '' live like you be dying . '' jason jone I went sky diving / I went rocky mountain climbing / I went 2.7 second on a bull name fu-man-chu Sir willup point to stacie , who sing carrie underwood 's '' before he cheat . '' stacie I dug my key into the side / of he pretty little souped up four wheel drive / carve my name into he leather seat -- clay be still angle for the point which Sir willup finally give he . the packer amp up they beat box but ... clay choke . clay matthews I get nothing . dammit , I get nothing guy ! the crowd boos . david bakhtiari aw , man . I be disa-aca-pointed . be I do that right ? ( continued ) 47 48 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 60 . continued : 47 sir willup you disgust I , matthews ! Green Bay packer - ( hit go ) you go ! clay matthews aw , there go forty G 's at d&b 's . int . mansion - ballroom —- continuous 48 Sir willup gesture to the wall . the blacklight reveal '' I date John mayer . '' the tone hangers exchange fist bump and butt slap . bumper be pump . '' it 's all I ! '' Sir willup gesture wildly landing and land on dsm 's allie . dsm set a new beat and allie sing vanessa carlton 's '' a thousand mile . '' allie making my way downtown / walking fast face pass / and I ’m homebound -— Sir willup spin and point at Chloe . she jump in with Taylor Swift 's '' we be never ever ever get back together . '' chloe we be never ever ever getting back together / we be never ever ever getting back together / you go talk to you friend , talk to my friend , talk to I / but we be never ever ever ever getting back together bumper be go nut , try to get in on the category . finally Sir willup point to he . he cockily jump in with Tina Turner 's '' what 's Love get to do with it . '' bumper oh oh oh oh what 's love got to do / got to do with it / what 's love but a second hand emotion / what 's love got to do / got to do with it / who need a heart -— the crowd boos and the tone hangers fall apart . sir willup bumper , be you imply John mayer and Tina Turner be have sex -- ( continued ) 48 49 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 61 . continued : 48 bumper I personally witness Tina leave John 's condo while I be pretend to be a house plant in he room . pieter she life in France ! sir willup ( to the audience ) I do not know if I believe he . unfortunately ... tone hangers - ( hit go ) you go ! ( then ) ooh ! and we be down to two . I have to pee but I 'il hold it ! int . mansion - ballroom - continuous 49 the bellas and dsm step up to oppose each other . sir willup the last category be ... ( off wall ) '' 9u' hip hop jamz ! " hit it ! he point to kommissar . she sing montell Jordan 's '' this be how we do it . '' kommissar this be how we do it / i'm kinda buzzed and it's all because ( this be how we do it ) / south central doe it like nobody doe ( this be how we do it ) Sir willup point to Cynthia Rose . she jump in with lauren Hill 's '' doo wop ( that thing ) '' cynthia rose girl you know you'd better , watch out / some guy , some guy be only about / that thing , that thing , that thing ! Sir willup point to pieter . it 's get more rapid and more rapid as the round progress . pieter sing bel biv devoe 's '' poison '' directly at fat Amy . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 62 . 49 continued : 49 pieter that girl be poison / never trust a big butt and a smile / that girl be poison angle on : a nervous Emily , hide behind Cynthia Rose . fat Amy get the point . she jump in with '' scenario '' by tribe call quest . fat amy here we go , yo / here we go , yo / so what 's so what 's so what 's the scenario ? Sir willup like the rivalry and point to pieter again : '' insane in the Brain '' by cypress Hill . pieter insane in da membrane insane in da brain ! insane in da membrane beca be front and center , ready to go but Sir willup fake the whole room out by point to Emily . taken by surprise , she instinctively sing the first song in she head : '' flashlight '' which she adjust to meet the beat . emily I got all I need / when I got you and I / 'cause I look around I / and see a sweet life / I ’'m stuck in the dark / but you're my flashlight ... people react , confuse . beca , like what she 's hearing , step up and try to improvise back up . emily ( cont 'd ) you 're my flashlight / you 're getting I getting I through the night . lilly , not know the song , drop the beat . the crowd start to boo . Emily and beca start to trail off . sir willup I be sorry . what 90 hip hop jam be that again ? they look to Emily for the answer . emily more like a 21st century jam . I write it . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 63 . 49 continued : 49 Sir willup slowly walk up to Emily . sir willup so you be say it 's a original ? Emily nod '' yes . '' a beat . all booooo00000 ! bumper ( motion toward exit ) get out ! get oooooouuuuut ! jason jone this be a cappella ! this be real ! jo lo trulio we jam be cover ! reggie watt yeah ! we spit on original ! Jason spit in Emily 's direction . beca guard she . sir willup what be you name ? emily Emily . sir willup Emily . I hate you . ( turn to the crowd ) in light of this embarrassing and unprofessional information , I be force to declare -- emily I be sorry guy . sir willup das SOUND machine the winners ! Sir willup pull out a tiara and put it on he head . 50 int . mansion - ballroom - continuous 50 Sir willup hand pieter the gift card and the group start jump with joy , erupting into they victory song : kriss kross '' jump . '' ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 64 . 50 continued : 50 das SOUND machine jump , jump / dsm will make ya jump jump / komissar will make ya jump jump / pieter will make you jump jump ! as he sing , pieter hold the gift card in front of beca 's face . then the whole room erupt into a mosh pit . the bellas walk away . beca ( to Emily ) do you really write that ? Emily nod . Chloe address Emily . chloe you should not have do that , Emily . now das sound Machine think they have the drop on we . emily sorry , I panicked . I understand if you want I to crawl under a rock and die . beca hey , we do not want that -- ( point to Chloe ) hey . we do not want that . Chloe just shake she head , disappointed . jesse walk up . jesse becs , let 's go meet the Green Bay packer . beca ( psyched ) okay , okay . as the party continue and the bellas disperse , bumper approach fat Amy . bumper f-to-the-a-to-the-t-to-the-a-to-the - m -- ( aside to fat Amy ) would you like to have sex later ? she look around , paranoid . then , conspicuously loud : ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 65 . 50 continued : 50 fat amy uh no ! that be completely out of the question ! she discreetly wink at he . bumper so that 's a no then ? ' Cause the wink -- fat amy one hundred percent no . she wink again . bumper there it be . you do it again . I tell you I never learn sign language , and I feel like you be rub it in -- fat amy ( under she breath ) I 'il meet you later , bumper . God , you be so thick -- bumper ( smile wide ) ohhhhhh ! now I getcha. ( loud and stilted ) I will see you . later tonight . bumper wink big at fat Amy . fat amy well now I be confuse . be we meeting or not ? this exchange go on for ten lifetime . as the mosh pit and sing continue , we CUT to ... ext . treble house - evening - december jesse 's car sit in the treble driveway , fill for he cross country trip . Christmas decoration adorn the house . jesse throw in one last box and turn to a forlorn beca . beca I guess this be it . the big goodbye -- jesse bec , do not be sad face . we know this day be come . ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 66 . continued : jesse ( cont 'd ) I be always go to graduate early and go to film school . beca still sting . oh yeah , I get you a go away present . beca pull a gift from she bag and hand it to jesse who open it . reveal : it 's the movie '' e.t . '' beca ( cont ’d ) you 'il like it . it 's about a strange , awkward outsider who leave home and try to fit in -- jesse ( chuckle ) beca , I have see '' e.t . '' beca you have ? it come out like a hundred year before we be bear . how do you know this stuff ? jesse thank you . I love it . we ’1ll watch it together . beca really ? both hour ? jesse still not a movie person . a beat . beca look at jesse 's car . beca well , take care of yourself . jesse take care of myself ? what be you , my aunt dolore ? beca I just mean like do not get hit by a fall meteor or fall asleep hold a light cigarette -- jesse no , what you mean be that you think we be not go to make it . ( continued ) 51 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 67 . continued : beca c'mon , jess . let 's be real . this be exactly how relationship die . ( then ) look , I be not upset you be pursue you dream . I think that 's great . but it mean you be move to the other side of the country . while I stay here to do my thing . and ... we be young . we be grow apart . it 's happen . jesse uh-uh . it 's not go to happen . a couple of time zone could never come between we . so nice try . we will be together again . I promise . jesse pick up he bag to go . then : beca when ? when will we be together again ? jesse go to answer but nothing come to mind . then , softly : jesse we will figure it out . I gotta go . jesse pull beca in for one last kiss and get in he car . as beca watch jesse pull away , beca ( glassy - eye ) take care of yourself . beca make she way across the yard to the Bella house . int . ep recording studio - kitchen - day 51 beca unpack burrito from a bag . sammy enter and drop a coffee mug in the sink . beca hey , um — - sammy open up the fridge . dax 's name be on everything . sammy dax . I swear , if that kid be not my nephew -- ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 68 . 51 continued : a beat . 51 beca um , I know you be crazy busy but have you have a chance to check out that demo ? sammy uh , yeah . yeah I do . beca this dead air between we a good sign . sammy look , you have a great ear . you prove that in the booth . I be excited to hear what else you have . but what you give I be just more mash up . beca well that 's sorta what I do . sammy listen , Reggie -- beca beca . that happen a lot though . you would be surprised . sammy here 's the thing . any kid with ear and a laptop can do that . dax can do that . and that 's fine if you want a career deejay rave in the desert . but if you want to write '' music producer '' on you tax form someday , then you need a original voice . you understand ? show I what you have . right now , what you have be a demo with mashup on it . beca ( on she heel ) I have lot of stuff to say . ( then , cover ) I be just , like , save it all up . sammy so ... okay , you be a intern . everybody be in here be a intern . ( more ) ( continued ) 51 52 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 69 . continued : 51 sammy ( cont 'd ) you be talented . everyone else in here be talented . so what the hell make you special ? you know what I mean ? ( then , soften ) so what I be go to do be give you one more shot to show I who you be as a artist . do not waste it . beca no , sir. I will not . waste it . I get this . sammy for you sake , I hope so . I would hate to think sing cover in ana cappella group be all you can do . sammy walk off . beca react , '' holy shit . '' sammy ( cont 'd ) please replace the paper towel . int . bella house - beca and fat amy 's room - 5 a.m. 52 a frustrated beca lay on she bed with she computer in she lap . angle on : the screen , she music apps register no activity . she have the piano app open and just hit middle C over and over . fed up , beca make a call that go straight to voicemail . beca ( into phone ) hey it 's I . you probably will not be able to even hear this message because as it turn out , I have nothing to say . um , that 's music industry speak for '' I suck '' so ... you be definitely sleep right now . that 's cool . hopefully this be not we grow apart . ( vulnerable ) but it sorta feel like it be . ( quickly ) this be beca . beca end the call and slump back down on she bed . a dishevel fat Amy enter and walk to she side of the room . beca ( cont 'd ) hey . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 70 . 52 continued : 52 fat amy ( defensive ) what ? I can not tell people I be go out for a smoothie and be go for fourteen hour ? there 's nothing suspicious about that . beca focus back on she computer . fat Amy switch t-shirt . fat amy ( cont 'd ) why be you up so late anyways ? beca I be try to figure something out . fat amy well if you be work on we set , might I humbly suggest you leave time for I to do some light break dance ? fat Amy '' pop and lock '' but be barely move . fat amy ( cont 'd ) see , the audience have to figure out when I be move ... fat Amy do not move at all . then , a tiny move of she pinky . fat amy ( cont 'd ) do you catch it ? this require great mental discipline on my part . fat Amy go into she closet . beca I be not work on the set ... I be -- fat amy ( 0.c. ) what ? beca nothing . do not matter . fat Amy sit on she bed . fat amy if you do want to share something with I . you best friend . I be like a sponge that just soak it all in . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 71 . 52 continued : 52 beca actually , it 's easy to get something out of a sponge . you just squeeze . fat amy then think of I as a cabinet or a safe that lock . and the key ? it 's stashed in my bum . and -- god it 's funny how many time this will come up in one night -- I do not let anyone go in there . anyone . beca just forget it . it 's all good . fat amy so this have nothing to do with that internship you sneak off to ? beca what , um --? fat amy c'mon , beca . you know how we do that thing where I take twenty dollar out of you satchel every month and you pretend not to know about it ? ( off beca 's confuse look ) I see you badge in you bag -- do not be mad . beca I be not . I be not mad actually . about the badge . the money we will come back to -- fat Amy get up and cross over to beca . fat amy shhh ... let 's just focus on you lie . beca , why have not you tell we , or at least Chloe ? beca I do not know . ' Cause it be easier ? everything be so crazy . Chloe would lose she mind if she think my sole focus be not win world . ( then , be : computer ) and now I be freaking out because I just learn I may not be good enough to be a music producer . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 53 54 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 72 . continued : 52 beca ( cont 'd ) so , that 's fun to think about as I head off into the rest of my life . fat amy hey . you be forget something , friend . you be seriously the most talented person I know . and I have meet three of the wiggles . intimately . no one can stop you from do whatever you want to do . you be beca effin’ Mitchell . do you need some of my confidence ? ' Cause I could take it down a notch . beca yeah . give I some of that . fat Amy literally rub a little confidence on to beca with she body . beca let go and laugh -- she 's exhaust . int . auditorium - day later 53 Emily walk down a hallway and enter - int . auditorium - backstage - continuous 54 the bellas make final preparation for a performance . Cynthia Rose be braid beca 's hair . lilly do weird vocal warm - up in the mirror . emily there 's a full house out there ! how do we get this gig , again ? chloe they call we . beca you know what , guy ? I know we be try a lot of new stuff , but I feel like we be go to get out there , feel the energy , and we be just go to nail all of it ! ( then ) sorry , this braid be so tight . chloe ( crazy nervous ) I do not know . I have many doubt . we will fail here , we will not win the world and then there will be no bellas and then ... ( more ) ( continued ) 54 55 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 73. continued : 54 chloe ( cont 'd ) ( hyperventilate ) my life . will . have have . no ... Chloe can not get the next word out . they all wait for it . flo malaria ? chloe '' meaning , '' flo ! meaning ! beca put she hand in . the other bellas follow suit . beca everybody ready ? fat amy yeah ! let 's rock it out with we cock out -- ( off they look ) jk jk . my lady cock will stay completely cover today . chloe well luckily it do not matter . int . auditorium - stage - continuous 55 on stage : posterboard on a easel : '' national federation for the blind caregiver appreciation day . '' a emcee address the audience , which be make up of mostly blind people . emcee lady and gentleman , please keep you ear peel for the musical styling of the barden bellas ! he remove the easel , revealing the bellas already in position . angle on : gail and John , talk into micu at a table . JOHN hey , everybody , welcome back to '' let 's talk appella '' the portable podcast edition . gail we be follow the story of the embattle barden bellas on they road to redemption . ( continued ) 55 56 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 74 . continued : 55 JOHN try to crawl they way back into the public 's affection . and if they can just hold off show we any of they genital , they may make it to the World championship . gail but I can not unsee it . John motion to he computer . on stage : JOHN well , there 's a picture of it right here . gail that can not be you screensaver , John . beca blow the pitch pipe . beca one , two , three , four -- they begin with nero 's '' promise . '' beca / bellas you got I so wild / how can I ever deny / you got I so high / so high I cannot feel the FIRE . / and you keep telling I / telling I that you'll be sweet / and you'll never want to leave my side / as long as I don't break these ... at some point , the bellas simultaneously tear off breakaway pants , revealing more pants . they performance feature ostentatious choreography . [ backflip , hula hooping , poi ball , basket toss ] int . auditorium - audience - continuous 56 back with JOHN and gail : gail stage whisper to John . gail this whole thing 's more of a circus act than a a cappella performance . do not you think there 's just too much go on , John ? ( continued ) 56 57 58 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 75 . continued : 56 JOHN it 's like eat a six pack of cinnabon under the mall escalator . it 's a adrenaline rush , taste great , but it leave you feel a little empty . int . auditorium - stage - continuous 57 fat Amy take the solo as the bellas mash up '' promise '' with natalia kill 's '' Problem . '' fat amy i'm you dream girl / this be real love / but you know what they say about I .../ that girl be a problem girl be a problem ... int . auditorium - audience - continuous 58 back with JOHN and gail : JOHN it 's as if the bellas just do not know who they be anymore . at some point , a pyrotechnic '' waterfall '' of spark begin cascade down behind the bellas , all part of the spectacle . as Emily and stacie basket toss lilly , jessica and Ashley shoot off confetti cannon . lilly do not land cleanly cause Emily to stagger a step or two into flo who be do she backflip . this all cause a chain reaction that end with Cynthia Rose fall backwards into the spark and freaking out . fat Amy notice . fat amy FIRE ! she jump on Cynthia Rose and the two roll around the stage . fat amy ( cont 'd ) do not feel violate ! this be for safety ! beca stand in the center , with the chaos surround she : Chloe cry . jessica and Ashley tear a curtain down to throw over fat Amy and Cynthia Rose . stacie be help flo get back on stage . Emily keep sing with she eye close . lilly do snow angel in the confetti . the audience start booing . blind audience member # 1 boo ! this be terrible probably ! 59 60 61 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 76 . int . auditorium - audience - continuous 59 back with JOHN and gail : gail everyone in this room can see the bellas have no shot at reinstatement . what a embarrassment to a cappella and all that it stand for . JOHN they have take something I care deeply about and shove it into a chemical toilet . I hope they all die unlove . the bellas drag themselves off stage in disgrace . ext . road - bella bus - later 60 establish shot of the Bella bus drive down the road . int . bella bus - continuous 61 the lady sit quietly with hangdog expression . Ashley drive . Cynthia Rose sport a head wrap . a couple bellas have ice pack on various body part . beca and Emily sit side by side . beca 's stare at she computer hit random note on piano app . Emily 's hand fly over she notebook . she 's furiously write . beca can not help but notice and read over she shoulder . beca ( quietly ) be that for a class ? emily oh , no . it 's just that when I be stress word just sort of flow out of I and I try to channel they into my songwrite as much as I - beca - get it . Chloe stand suddenly . chloe be we just go to ignore what happen back there ? you guy , the world be only three week away ! ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 77 . 61 continued : 61 chloe ( cont 'd ) and you be all act like we do not just eat a big bag of dick ! everyone snap to attention . cynthia rose why be you yell at I ? I almost burn to death because of you aca - bitch . fat amy you be right . I be a hero . ( then , to Cynthia Rose ) but if you almost die , it 's only because you be stand in the wrong spot . cynthia rose ' Cause flo flip into I ! flo sure , blame the minority . cynthia rose I be black , gay , and a woman . stacie we little sideshow act be not work ! chloe uh doi , Captain obvious . do you have a better idea ? stacie I be not suppose to have the idea ! I be the hot one ! fat amy I think I be the hot one . emily maybe we should stop blame each other and just focus on sing together . they all sigh in disgust . then , apropos nothing : lilly I have ten knife on I at all time . ( continued ) 61 a62 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 78 . continued : 61 chloe okay , let 's regroup . clearly we be not go to beat das sound Machine at they game . so we need to figure something else out . like , now . ( then ) at time like this , there 's only one thing to do -- flo put a reed in you mouth and bury yourself . chloe Close . free up you weekend , lady . we be go on a retreat . Ashley hit the brake , send the already beat - up lady forward . she turn around . ashley a what ?! ( then , normal ) I honestly do not hear you . a what ? int . barden student union - cafe - day b62 Emily sit with Katherine at a small table . katherine look , this retreat be a good thing . you girl need to bond . it build morale , focus the group 's energy -- emily I do not know . it 's pretty bad . Girls be yell at each other -- katherine Big deal . I remember put you godmother , maggie pistol , ina choke hold when she insisted George Michael be gay . so crazy . how could '' careless whisper '' be about two dude --? emily I be just worried my entire Bella career will be that one terrible performance . I 'o 1l never solo at lincoln Center , you know ? ( continued ) a62 62 63 64 65 66 67 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 79 . continued : r62 katherine I never solo have at lincoln Center ! if I tell you I do , it 's because I get braggy when I drink . and you get to go to Europe ! that would have be a highlight for I . and you girl can win it . you have to win it . emily you just make be a Bella sound so amazing . katherine it be amazing . it 's a sisterhood that 's go to support you for the rest of you life . I know you be not feel it . you will . this will not be the end of the bellas . Emily take this in . int . bella house - chloe 's room - night 62 camera pan across the open door of the bellas bedroom , all pack for the retreat . Chloe pack the game taboo and a handle of coconut rum . int . bella house - cynthia rose & stacie 's room 63 stacie throw ten pair of sunglass into a bag and a thong . Cynthia Rose pack camo clothes , bug spray and Ace bandage . int . bella house - beca and fat amy 's room - continuous 64 a frustrated beca stare at a blank screen on she laptop as a spruce - up fat Amy zip up she bag . fat Amy 's cell buzze . she look at it and smile . int . bella house - lilly and lo’s room - continuous 65 lilly pack a multi-layered birthday cake directly into she bag . omit ( renumbered to a62 ) 66 ext . treble lake / dock - night 67 fat Amy step on to a dock where bumper wait next to a table with a candlelit dinner . a skiff be tie nearby . the water , the star , the city light make it truly romantic . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 80 . 67 continued : 67 fat amy candle ? Cloth napkin ? food other than funyun ? Little fancier than we typical hookup . bumper ( cocky , but nervous ) ya think ? it do not even cross my mind that this be the most romantic spot on campus . huh . would you look at that ? ( gesture to the table ) I have laid out a patisserie and some charcuterie . and here I a huge bowl of caper . I do not know what that be and they be like salty peas . please ... bumper motion for fat Amy to sit . she do . and for the first time , they look like a adult couple . it 's weird . bumper ( cont 'd ) so . I do not know if you have see the news lately but there 's a war ... and also the economy be dip and flow . fat amy ( drop the charade ) bumper , what 's go on ? you be creep I out . do this end with you eat my face ? bumper alright , I be just gonna lay it on the line . I ask you here tonight because I be think that maybe , perhaps , if you be willing , we could possibly -- only if you be up for it ... whew , this -is-harder - than - I -thought . ( turn , gritt tooth ) come on ! stop puss -ing out ! ( genuine ) I want to date you . that 's what I want . like , for real . you know , a real couple . we have go out in public and hold hand . or we have go out ina orchard and pick apple . or we like do one of that build a bear workshop together and we build bear . i’1l name one bumper and one fat Amy . ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 81 . 67 continued : 67 bumper ( cont 'd ) and yours will be bigger than mine and it 's 1ll be cute . and we could put they on we bed we share ... what do ya say ? a beat . fat Amy flash a look of vulnerability , deep inside she do want this . but , she quickly stifles it . fat amy no . I do not -- I do not want to do that . this hit bumper hard . choke back emotion , bumper that 's cool . yeah , stupid idea anyway . maybe we go back to how thing use to be ... ( start to cry ) take we clothes off and just go at it . right here , on this kind - of - pricey food ! fat amy ( sympathetic ) oh my god , do not cry -- bumper ( scrunching he face ) this be not cry . no , this be just -- ( break down more ) a unsuccessful man face ! fat amy bump , it 's not -- okay , honestly ? it be you . bumper ( clearly cry ) definitely not crying over that hurtful statement ! fat amy no I mean , you be ask for something I be not ready to give . I do not want to be tie down right now . look at I , I be the voice of my generation . a firework . a free - range pony that can not be tame . bumper ( put on a brave face ) then I guess ... that 's it for we . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 82 . continued : 67 bumper ( cont 'd ) ' Cause I can not go on like this . I feel like a dirty hoo-ore . fat amy ( stand ) I be sorry . I really be . I wish it do not have to end this way . bumper I think we be do . I think it 's over . she try to kiss he . bumper will not let she . fat amy so it 's over then ? bumper it 's over . she turn and walk away . just then , a canoe with benji and some trebles float by . benji blow the pitch pipe -- bump ( cry , really upset ) great timing , losers ! ext . treble house - driveway - morning 68 in the treble driveway , benji be airbrush the side of the treble bus . Emily walk up the Bella driveway with she bag . she stop when she see what benji be do . emily hey , benji . benji turn to she , catch off - guard . benji Emily ! ( pause , then '' casual '' ) early enough for ya ? benji wince . Emily smile . she point to the treble bus . emily I think you be miss a word there , maybe . benji take a step back . reveal : on the bus , he 's write '' the trebles be go to blow up lincoln CENTER ! '' ( continued ) 68 69 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 83 . continued : 68 benji ( embarrassed ) no , that 's not what I -- dammit ! he go to put he hand on Emily 's shoulder but stop himself . benji ( cont 'd ) when my hand be not cover in glitter paint , do you think we could try that again ? emily sure . benji okay . I x11 look forward to that . emily just , you know , let I know when they be clean . benji you bet . have a good one . Emily turn , conceal a smile and board the Bella bus . ext . the lodge - afternoon 69 the Bella Bus arrive at a resort building on a beautiful lake . there 's a welcome sign with arrow point out resort feature : reception , spa , pool , lake , guest room . a smaller sign below it read : '' bear beware ! don ’t feed the animal '' as the lady file off the bus , they take it all in . emily wow . it 's so beautiful . flo be this what America look like before rock and roll ? beca look around , concerned . beca I need to find somewhere to charge up my laptop . ( to Chloe ) how have you hear about this place anyway ? woman 's voice ( 0.c . ) from yours truly ...! ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 84 . continued : 69 the lady turn to see former Bella , AUBREY posen ! she wear a orange hunt vest and yellow - tinted protective glass which she whip off . she 's carry a double barrel shotgun ( for skeet ) which she hand off to a skinny valet - — type man leslie who sprint away . AUBREY .-- hello bellas . the lady cheer with delight , hug and exchange hello 's and miss you 's . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) lady ! keep it down . nothing attract bear more than the squeal of young woman . beca what now ? AUBREY welcome to the Lodge at fall leave ! where the corporate world send its marketing division and digital group to build teamwork skill . aubrey gesture to two manager type , wear blockbuster video t-shirt . they high five . manager # 1 I be so glad we do this ! manager # 2 let 's make this year we best ever ! aubrey turn back . beca ( to aubrey ) you run this whole thing ? Nice . AUBREY thank you . I realize I have a knack for bark order and bend people 's will so I make a career out of it . which remind I ... ( then , authoritative ) fall in line , bellas ! no slouching , no straggling ! caught by surprise , the bellas look to each other and fumble they way into a line . aubrey pace in front of they . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 85 . 69 continued : 69 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) it be with great sorrow and regret that I watch we once proud organization become a national disgrace . aubrey stop at fat Amy and , play up she disgust : AUBREY ( cont 'd ) how do you feel know Obama see you business ? Obama . fat amy ( crumble ) it be terrible . he be stare right at it . AUBREY ( up in fat Amy 's face ) I be talk about Michelle . fat Amy react , '' you get I . '' aubrey move on . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) the world signifies a shot at redemption . a chance to pull yourself up from the wreckage like a phoenix from the ash . emily ( loving it , to flo ) do she just come up with that ? she 's so inspirational . like a white beyonce . AUBREY but you do not have a chance in hell of win until you find you sound again . you have totally lose you harmony . lilly I have be say this the whole time . AUBREY and for the next two day , you be go to do everything together until you regain it . no distraction . aubrey pick up a plastic recycle bin . ( continued ) 69 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 86 . continued : as aubery 69 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) and that mean you must sever all tie to the outside world . I need you to surrender you cell phone , tablet , pocket organizer -- talk , she walk down the line , the lady put all of they gadget in the bin . she stop beca hand AUBREY ( cont 'd ) -- smart watch , laptop , everything . in front of beca , who hold she laptop tight . beca but I need this . AUBREY trust the process , beca . aubrey she laptop . it kill she to do so . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) okay , then . ( then , grandiose ) lady , get ready to be transformed . you be surround by the strength of you fellow bellas , the support of a proud female tradition and ... ( quickly ) a few dozen bear trap so do not stray from the mark path . fat amy ( clap hand , psyched ) alright ! whoo ! this be great ! think I will start this retreat with a hot shower . after a long bus ride , my bit be nasty . fat Amy pick up she bag and head for reception . AUBREY fat Amy , there be no guest room for you . fat amy then where be we stay ? aubrey point to a small clear , where two unassemble tent lie on the ground . ( continued ) 69 70 71 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5-11-14 continued : AUBREY Inside you first uncompleted teamwork building task . ext . the lodge - campground / tent - day the lady tentatively cross to the tent . AUBREY you need to set up you tent before the sun go down . i’1l check back in later . good luck . 87 . 69 70 aubrey jump on a four wheeler and be drive away by Leslie . the bellas look at the massive number of tent piece on the ground . fat Amy lie down . fat amy I nil just lay here and you can build that tarp house around I . beca ( irk ) and this will help we beat das sound Machine how ? chloe look , aubrey tell I that while she method can be unconventional , she get result . I mean , I be excited to see what happen when a bunch of college girl who have lose they way be force to work together to assemble something with they hand out in the middle of nowhere , be not you ? beca shoot Chloe a skeptical look . the bellas break up into two group and start assemble the tent . we jump CUT to ... ext . the lodge - campground / tent - day 71 aubrey stand with the exhaust bellas , look at they tent . to aubrey 's surprise , they be perfect . AUBREY wow . I be impressed . chloe it take we all day , but I think we do a awesome job . ( continued ) 71 72 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 88 . continued : 71 fat Amy stand next to the tent . she zip up the tent a inch . beca ( to aubrey ) so now what ? AUBREY now you rest . we have a lot to do tomorrow . a creak sound be hear nearby . cynthia rose what 's that sou --? just then , a tree fall , crushing the second tent . the bellas react , speechless . aubrey play it cool , '' surprised . '' AUBREY well , look at that . I guess you be double up . do not go shoulder - to - shoulder . head - to-toe . more room that way . nightie night ! aubrey walk over to the four wheeler where Leslie be put away he ax . they leave some lantern , cracker and five can of bean as they wave good - bye . int . tent - night 72 the bellas be pack inside the tent like sardine . flo I do not understand camp . we be voluntarily live like dog . beca this be the worst . the air we be breathe be at least ninety percent fart . fat amy that remind I , I need to see a man about a horse . fat Amy struggle to climb over stacie , Cynthia Rose , jessica and Ashley to get out of the tent . jessica ( quietly , in pain ) ow , my testicles . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 89 . 72 continued : 72 a long beat . beca do anybody else hear that ? silence . then : fat amy um , before I head out , anyone happen to pack a spare roll of toilet paper ? maybe some Subway napkin ? tootsie Roll wrapper ? or a t-shirt size extra small ? ( off they silence ) nope . side of the tent it be . fat Amy exit . Chloe turn to beca . they face be separate only by a pair of foot . they whisper back and forth . beca what be we do here ? chloe we be bond ! you seem so tense . do you need a back rub ? beca I be good . several body part be rub my back right now . chloe beca , I know we be already close but this retreat will let we discover everything about each other . beca be that right ? Chloe move in so close that they practically kiss . beca try to back she head away from she , but it 's impossible . chloe you know , one of my regret in college be that I do not do enough experiment . beca you be so weird . chloe I know . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 90 . 72 continued : 72 beca I want to go home . beca turn away and she face land smack dab in front of lilly 's . lilly 's tongue dart out and lick beca 's nose . angle on : Cynthia Rose , with a big smile on she face and she hand drape over a sleep stacie and Emily . cynthia rose I hope the sun never come up . fat amy ( grunt ) oh guy . I gotta a little -- I just need some help get it out . can you sing something ? the pipe a bit block . Chloe start to sing Natalie imbruglia 's '' torn . '' chloe I ’m all out of faith / this be how I feel ... fat amy thanks , Chloe . the rest join in . after a beat , cynthia rose what kind of white shit be this ? they continue sing as we hear a whistle blowing ... 73 ext . the lodge - campground / tent - next morning 73 camera pan across the beautiful resort . AUBREY ( yell ) C ’mon , bellas ! let 's go ! get out of bed ! the sleepy bellas exit the tent , clown - car style . aubrey stand before they . across the camp , real guest enjoy champagne breakfast . we bellas shoot dagger . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) today , you be go back to the basic to re-learn how to sing as a group . ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 91 . continued : 73 cynthia rose how do we do that ? AUBREY by draw inspiration from female group of the past who have great harmony . through they example , you will rediscover you sound ... chloe ( for beca 's benefit ) what a great idea ! AUBREY .-- while also endure death - defy team building trust exercise . so ... let 's begin ! a '' retreat / singing music of the past '' montage begins : while the bellas sing , we crosscut to a series of activity underscore by they sing . ext . the lodge - campground - day 74 1940s : the bellas sing the andrew sister 's '' boogie woogie bugle Boy . '' bellas he be a famous trumpet man from out chicago way ... ( song continue ) throughout the montage , beca get increasingly frustrated . ext . the lodge - campsite / high wire - day 75 the '' tp shuffle '' . all the bellas be line up on a log face aubrey . AUBREY good . now re-arrange yourselves alphabetically without touch the ground ! now ! go! the bellas all start try to move around each other . several girl immediately fall off the log . ext . the lodge - campground - day 76 1950s : the bellas sing the chordette 's '' Mr. sandman . '' ( continued ) 76 77 78 79 80 81 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 92 . continued : 76 bellas mr . sandman / bring I a dream /make he the cutest that I 've ever ... ( song continue ) ext . the lodge - blob bounce - day 77 fat Amy , Chloe and beca stand on top of a high tower overlook the lake . below they be a blob bounce . on it , stacie , Emily , jessica and Ashley . AUBREY on my count , 3 - 2 - 1 , go ! Chloe can not do it . beca just refuse . fat Amy fly by they , land below and launch all the girl into the lake . ext . the lodge - campground - day 78 1960s : the bellas sing the supreme 's " you can not hurry Love . '' bellas you can't hurry love / no you just have to wait ... ext . the lodge - zip line - day 79 one after another , the bellas zip past . fat Amy somehow lose she pants , revealing a commando situation all over again ! [ pixillate ] fat amy I have learn nothing ! ext . the lodge - campground - day 80 1970 : the bellas sing patti labelle 's '' Lady marmalade . '' bellas hey sister , go sister , soul sister , go sister / hey sister , go sister ... ext . the lodge - high wire - day 81 the lady stand at the base of the climb wall . AUBREY flo , you be up . flo no . I respect the ground too much . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 85 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 93 . continued : 81 AUBREY lady . you task be to figure out how to get flo up this wall . flo sit on the ground . fat Amy kneel beside she . fat amy ( a beat , then ) get her ! the group try to pick up flo and force she to climb up . like a toddler , flo go limp and collapse to the ground . ext . the lodge - campground - day 82 1980 : the bellas sing the pointer sister 's '' I be so excite . '' bellas i'm so excite / and I just can ' T hide it ... ( song continue ) ext . the lodge - mud pit - day 83 the bellas run through a military - style obstacle course with rope over a mud pit . one Bella after the next fall awkwardly into the mud . fat Amy decide to walk around it . ext . the lodge - campground - day 84 1990 : as the sun set behind they , the bellas , cake in dry mud , sing en vogue 's '' never gonna get it . '' bellas ... never gonna get it / never gonna get it ... ( song continue ) a frustrated beca half - heartedly sing . beca never gonna get it . never get it . the bellas finish , psyched at how great they sound . end montage . ext . the lodge - campground - later 85 the lady stand there , await further instruction . AUBREY okay , that be two step away from be almost fine . ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 94 . 85 continued : 85 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) now let 's take the next couple of hour and discuss spice Girls -- beca wait , what be we do ? chloe we be rediscover we sound . beca be we ? ' Cause it seem like we be just sing song that we would never put in we set . chloe beca , c’mon -- beca none of we know how to beat das sound Machine , but I know it 's not go to be by do this . AUBREY it 's a exercise to find harmony . sometimes you have to break stuff down before you can build it up -- beca ( explode ) I have more important thing to do ! chloe what could be more important than this ? beca ( back -pedale ) nothing , forget it -- chloe you think we have not notice that you have be a little check out ? fat amy ( quietly to beca ) come on , beca . just tell she -- chloe I hear that . tell I what ? beca shoot dagger at fat Amy . now fat Amy back -pedal . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 95 . 85 continued : 85 fat amy you misunderstand I . I clearly say , '' rum pond , teca . rust smell she . '' ( then ) listen , I do not want you guy to fight . you be beca and Chloe , together you be bloe . and everyone love a good bloe . so ... beca finally give in . beca okay . I have be intern at a recording studio and a legit music producer want to hear my work . God forbid I have something go on outside this group . chloe ( processing it ) okay . so why would you keep something like that from we ? beca ' Cause you be obsessed ! you all be ! we be graduate and the only person think about life after the bellas be I . chloe what be so wrong with be focus on the bellas ? this have be my family for seven year ! beca only because you be afraid to leave ! sack up , girl ! Chloe gasp . cynthia rose shit gettin’ real . chloe that 's ... just ... mean ! we be all here by choice ! I think you feel the same way ! beca well maybe I do not anymore ! ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 96 . 85 continued : 85 chloe oh great . so you have be lie to we all year and now be when you choose to flake out ?! the world be -- beca enough about the world ! ( shake head , frustrated ) when be you guy gonna grow up and realize that what you should be focus on be the real world ? not this kid stuff ! ( a beat , then ) man , I gotta get out of here . beca start to walk off . beca ( cont 'd ) I will get a cab . whatever . I have work to do . chloe ( call after she ) so you be just go to leave ?! beca turn back around but keep walk . beca we all have to eventually , Chloe ! might as well be now . Chloe look to aubrey , who shrug , '' it 's out of my hand . '' beca stomp off in the direction of the lodge , ignore the mark path . Emily clock this . emily no , not that --! fat Amy gently put a restrain hand on Emily 's arm to quiet she . beca call over she shoulder ... beca if you know what 's good for you , you would all follow meeeee --! beca step in a snare ! the rope encircle she ankle , pulling she around fifteen foot in the air . " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 97 . a86 alarm , the lady rush over to stand beneath her . a86 chloe ( nonchalant ) oh , look who need we help . beca not cool , guy ! chloe no , what 's not cool be you take you frustration out on we ! suddenly , the branch on the tree give and beca jerk a foot closer to the ground . the lady gasp ! emily aubrey , we have to get she down ! we need a ladder . AUBREY no we do not believe in ladder . they suggest a corporate hierarchy that 's counterproductive to my team building program . fat Amy cross to aubrey . fat amy what kind of operation be you run here ?! beca oh God , be this how it end ?! ( then , conciliatory ) I do not mean what I say ! I love all you nerd ! and I love be a Bella ! I be just stress -- the branch crack again . the lady scream ! beca ( cont 'd ) ( blurt out ) I once tell a dwarf that she should not bother go to a pilates class ! it 's haunt I ever since ! and jessica and Ashley ! I do not actually know which one of you be which ! jessica / ashley I be jessica ! ( continued ) a86 86 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 98 . continued : a86 they look at each other , '' huh ? '' beca I be sorry I cancel the season pass on the dvr to the '' today '' show ! it 's insane not watch that live ...! and I be the one who let that raccoon in ! I leave the door open ! I want a cross breeze ! cynthia rose you blame that shit on I ! chloe hold on , beca ! it ’1ll be fine ! we can work together as a team . let 's get in formation . fat Amy , Cynthia Rose . stand under beca . Emily , stacie . the lady start to get in position when beca come fall down on they . the bellas look up . lilly be hang upside down , hold knife . lilly I sleep upside down like a bat . the lady lean in , '' what ? '' beca who care what she say . she save my life . off beca 's smile , we CUT to ... ext . the lodge - campsite - night 86 the lady sit around a cozy campfire . some be wrap in blanket . fat Amy , flo and Cynthia Rose be make s'more . beca ... it 's just everything be change so fast and I be put all this pressure on myself , you know . I do not want to fail . chloe but if you have say something -- beca yeah , I be just weird about that stuff . I think I could figure it out myself , but I can not . ( more ) ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 99 . 86 continued : 86 beca ( cont 'd ) maybe I do not have anything original to say . ( to Emily ) I wish I could do what you do . emily ( take aback ) well I feel the same way about you , about everything . you be so good , it 's intimidating . I 'il I have ever want be to be one of you . not a legacy , but a Bella . they all react with , '' you be ! '' fat amy you be one of we . you pay the registration fee . beca it 's for life , dude . ( then ) do you want to collaborate on something ? emily wait , be you serious ? beca yeah . emily ( a little too much ) yes ! yeah ! man ! who else feel like a winner tonight ?! the bellas laugh . then : chloe I know it do not seem like it , but I be afraid , too . to graduate . move on . it 's scary . fat amy it actually do seem like that . you be barely hold it together . AUBREY well it do not have to be scary , chlo . when I be graduate , I never picture myself run a retreat in the middle of the wood but here I be . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 - 14 100 . continued : 86 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) take it from someone who 's deal with some serious control issue , you just have to make the leap . like my dad always say , in the mindfield of life , you must be prepare to lose both foot . ( to the group , cocky ) and I think you all know what I mean . they do not . Chloe make a decision and stand , dramatic . chloe then it 's decide . this year I will graduate . the world will be my swan song . everyone react skeptically . chloe ( cont 'd ) I mean it . i’1l pursue my passion and teach sing lesson to under - privileged child . or I 'il dance exotically . whatever have the most money in it . she sit , proud of herself . stacie after I graduate , I be go to do the hardest job there be . fat amy let I guess , be a house mum ? stacie no , repair propeller on nuclear submarine . it 's why I majore in naval engineering . fat Amy nod , roger that . cynthia rose well I be move to Maine to get hitched . and you be all invite . the bellas react , thrilled . warm fuzzy all around . beca wow . Maine 's a really progressive place . ( continued ) 86 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 101 . continued : 86 cynthia rose yeah I talk to the other black people there . they seem to like it . flo okay ! okay ! I x11 tell you ! stop ask . flo stand . flo ( cont 'd ) after I graduate , there 's a chance I will be deport . I will try to re-enter the country , but I will probably die at sea so ... ( big ) let 's live for tonight ! beca how about you , lilly ? what be you plan ? lilly shrug , '' nothing really . '' lilly I be just go to travel through time . as always , the lady look to each other , confuse . emily well , I think this be all ... aca - pelling information . Emily smile wide , super proud of herself . fat amy that bit be get a little tired . ( down the barrel ) do not you think ? beca this be gonna sound lame ball , but ... when I look back at this -- it will not be the perform or the competition that I 'il remember . it all be you weirdo . they all look at each other , share a nice moment . beca ( cont 'd ) it just make I sad to think it 's never go to be like this again . I be really go to miss it . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " continued : cynthia rose I , too . stacie I , too . fat amy ( joke aside ) yeah , I , too . a beat . then , Chloe quietly start sing '' cup . '' chloe I got my ticket for the long way round . beca two bottle of whiskey for the way . aubrey smile , remember , and join in . bellas and I sure would like some sweet company / and i'm leaving tomorrow . what do you say ? beca when i'm gone ( when I 'm gone ) everybody join in to sing a stripped - down , simple but beautiful bellas ... you 're gonna miss I when i'm gone / you're gonna miss I by my hair / you're gonna miss I everywhere / oh you're gonna miss I when i'm gone . shoot draft 5 - 11-14 102 . 86 campfire version of this song . tear be hold back . the bellas look to each other , move by this special moment . beca do we just find we sound ? chloe I think we do . AUBREY ( wipe she hand ) my work here be do . Chloe put she hand on aubrey 's . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 103 . 86 continued : 86 chloe thank you . AUBREY my pleasure . I be glad no one die in the tent . fat Amy shoot aubrey a look , '' that be not a accident ? '' chloe fat Amy , you do not tell we you plan after graduation . fat amy me? mmmmm ... Nah , I do not have any plan . you guy know I , I just love live in the moment . beca Ashley , what be you go to do --? as Ashley go to answer , fat amy actually , though . fat Amy stand and take the floor . fat amy ( cont 'd ) if we to stop and really think what would fat Amy be capable of in the future , I will tell you guy . i’1l be live someone sick like Tulsa or Little rock where I manage a sale force of pharmaceutical rep . we specialize in boner pill . and every night I curl up in front of the fire and get freaky with my fiancé Bu -- ( stop , realize ) bumper ? oh my god , I be in love with bumper ! not surprised , the group 's demeanor do not change . fat amy ( cont 'd ) oh wait . I be in love with bumper . the lady nod , '' uh duh . '' ( continued ) 86 87 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 104 . continued : 86 fat amy ( cont 'd ) okay . I have do something terrible . and I be not talk about crop dusting Chloe and beca right now -- I apologize for that . you guy ! I need to go right now . and I need to win back my man ! suck on you judgment ! I have to go and get he back ! fat Amy bolt up and run toward the bus , outside the perimeter of the camp . fat Amy step in a snare ! up she goe . beca shake it off , Amy . int . treble house - the next day 87 the trebles and bumper , in he campus security attire , look on as benji stand behind a small cape that 's hide something . benji gentlemen , I give to you ... benji remove the cape , revealing : squeak in a tux with a electronic cigarette in he mouth . benji ( cont 'd ) we next album cover . the trebles applaud . bumper just so everyone 's clear , you be choose squeak over -- ( motion to he face ) all this gloriousness ? I can give you some Michael Jackson '' thriller . '' check it . bumper pose like the '' thriller '' album cover . bumper ( cont 'd ) or if you really want to move product , I can give you some nirvana '' nevermind . '' all my pants be tearaways - — before bumper can remove he pants -- fat amy ( 0.c. ) bumper , I ’m coming ! " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 105 . 88 ext . treble house / lake - continuous 88 bumper and the trebles exit the house to see fat Amy , paddling across the lake in the skiff we see earlier . as she paddle , she belt out Pat benatar 's '' we belong . '' fat amy many time I tried to tell you / many time i've cry alone ... ( song continue ) / we belong to the SOUND of the word / we've both fallen under ... back on : bumper and the trebles , shocked at what they be witness . bumper be not on board . bumper nope ! turn it around ! I do not want to see you ! fat Amy be only halfway across the lake and very wind . fat amy I really think I be go to be farther than this . she resume paddle and sing with gusto . a89 ext . bella house / lake - same time a89 beca , Chloe and lilly enjoy some ice cream on they front step . they watch fat Amy row with amusement . chloe why do not she just walk around the lake ? beca fat Amy do not do anything small . Emily enter on the phone . emily ( into phone ) yeah , I love you , too . here she be . she hand it to beca . beca what 's up , Mrs. junk ? b89 ext . treble house / lake - continuous b89 fat Amy , now across , crawl up the side to get to the road . ( continued ) b89 89 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 106 . continued : b89 fat amy maybe it be a sign of weakness / when I don't know what to say / maybe I just ... now there 's no looking forward / now there 's no turning back when -- she stand on the side of a busy street to catch she breath . a car slow , think she 's about to run through traffic . frustrate , she yell : fat amy ( cont 'd ) goooo0000 o0 ! well , what be you do ? I be soloing here ! whatever ! the car finally drive away . fat Amy snap back into she solo and head toward bumper . fat amy ( cont 'd ) we belong to the night / we belong to the thunder ...! bumper no ! fat amy we belong / bumper and fat Amy we belong together / be it ...?/ close you eye ... bumper react , defiant . but then : bumper close you eye and try to sleep now / close you eye and try to ... fat amy / bumper we can't begin to notice / how much we really care ... we belong to -- bumper kiss fat Amy romantically . then , it get raunchy . everyone look around , uncomfortable . through kiss : bumper I just love kissing ! int . ep recording studio - booth - late night 89 beca and Emily work on recording , '' flashlight . '' they be both in heaven . Emily sing lead vocal . we jump CUT to : sammy , listen to they newly collaborate song , '' flashlight '' with beca and Emily next to he . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 107 . 89 continued : 89 emily ( through speaker ) «.. getting I through the night ... sammy stop the song and turn to they . sammy ( to beca ) okay , so you produce this ? beca yes , Emily write it . sammy who be Emily ? beca this tall drink of water right here . sammy ( be : song ) well ... ummmm ... gosh , I do not like it . the lady react , deflate . sammy ( cont 'd ) I do not like it when people can do what I can do . in a manner of speak , it 's threaten . but uh , you just do it . and I -- I have a few note that I assume that you be open to . but this be a solid demo with real potential . yeah , I look forward to work together . beca and Emily beam . as sammy exit , sammy ( cont 'd ) I gotta go jump on a call . Lady gaga want to put out a kid album . when it rain it pour . music up : ying yang twins '' fist Pump , jump jump . '' 90 ext . bella house - porch - day 90 the bellas stand on they porch in they cap and gowns . Emily take a picture of they . " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5-11-14 ext . map - later 108 . we see different destination highlight on a Google Earth style map . it become the ... ext . copenhagen - day map that beca be hold in she hand . beca walk in the rain with Emily and lilly . beca okay , be there a restaurant in this town that serve something other than fish . emily I do see a kfc back there . beca nope . all fish . I check . chloe ( 0.c. ) guy ! over here ! beca , Emily , and lilly turn a corner and run into Chloe , flo , and fat Amy . beca Chloe , I be come for ya . they walk down a rainy street . chloe whoo hoo ! College graduate ! spread my wing , y’all ! fat amy there 's so many fresh danish here . I swear if I be not recently lock down , I would tear a hole through this city . flo this place be so smelly and rainy . why would anyone ever leave America . fat amy Culture , design , history -- place they turn a corner and reveal : a beautiful city . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 109 . continued : flo I be not copen-hate this place . fat amy it be not funny on the plane , it 's not funny now . 91 ext . world championship of a cappella - early morning 91 the bellas crest a hill . laid out before they be a huge outdoor stage flanke by international flag , tent , tower of amp . stagehands and vendor set up , await a massive crowd . chloe well , here we be . ( then ) be the stage big enough for what we want to do ? fat amy ( take it in ) yeah . it should be . Emily turn to beca . emily you think it ’1ll work ? beca it will work for we . that 's all that matter . flo cartwheel towards the stage . the girl follow , excited . 92 ext . world championship of a cappella - day to night 92 music up : journey 's '' any Way you want it '' sung by penn masala over a series of time - lapse establish shot . Cars pull up , people file in ... penn masala any way you want it / that 's the way you want it . any way you want it . John and gail speak over a series of international group perform '' any Way you want it '' in they native language . ( Penn masala in Hindi , the filharmonic in tagalog , the soweto Gospel Group in accented English , the latinote in Spanish ) JOHN ( 0.c. ) here it be folk . the granddaddy of they all . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 93 94 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 110 . continued : 92 JOHN ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) the World Series , the Olympic , the '' lose '' finale all wrap up in this one night ... gail ( 0.c . ) bup-bup-bup . do not tell I . I be go to watch it eventually -- JOHN ( 0.c. ) dammit , gail ! ext . world championship of a cappella - day to night 93 camera pan across a bunch of press table with commentator from various country , landing on John and gail . JOHN the World championship of a cappella ! gail tonight , group from all over the globe duke it out for the covete title of aca World Champion . JOHN representing America be the embattle barden bellas . gail the bellas be make one last attempt to repair they damage legacy by become the first american team to claim the title . you think they can do it , John ? JOHN in theory , yes . realistically ? no . that girl be dead to I . ext . world championship of a cappella - backstage / on the 94 grass - day Emily pace , try to shake off the jitter . she get a tap on the shoulder and turn around to see benji . emily what be you do here ?! benji anything to support the bellas . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 111 . 94 continued : 94 emily ( floor ) wow , that 's so -- wow ... ser . ( then ) now I be the one who can not speak . I be so freakin’ nervous . benji do not be . you will be awesome . we could hear you guy rehearse 24 / 7 . I think I could probably step on stage and do you set . ( then ) I can not , right ? emily ( sweetly ) sorry , this one be just for we . benji cool . I should find my seat . but before I go , I have something for you . he step closer to Emily , and she eye go wide . before he can act , Emily grab benji 's face and plant a kiss on he mouth . she stop . something be off . benji begin pulling a long string of scarve out of he mouth . benji ( cont 'd ) sorry , I be expect that to go in a different direction . beca walk by and see Emily with benji . beca em , you ready ? emily uh , yeah . i’1l be right there . beca ( point ) benji . beca cross away with a know smile on she face . 95 ext . world championship of a cappella - stage - continuous 95 Penn masala finish '' any Way you want it . '' penn masala «.. any way you want it ! ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 112 . 95 continued : 95 the crowd applaud and they exit . a emcee take the stage . JOHN ( 0.c . ) we next group , das sound Machine spend the last six month touring America . and we be tell they favorite part be go to the mall to watch obese people drink diet soda . das sound Machine take the stage . they begin with fall out Boy 's '' my song know what you do in the Dark . '' das SOUND machine [ electronica beatbox ] they mash it up with dj kale 's '' all I do be win . '' kommissar pieter b- be careful making wishes in the dark , dark / can't be sure when they 've hit there all I do be win ! throw you MARK / and beside in the mean , hand in the AIR and they mean time / i'm just dreaming stay there ! of tearing you apart ... ( song continue ) they continue they set with impressive choreography . gail ( 0.c . ) they skill be extraordinary . back on stage : the kommissar take center stage to solo . kommissar I stay on that hustle / I flex that little muscle / hate to bust you bubble ... kommissar ( cont 'd ) pieter i'm aliiiiiiive / i'm alive , I got that power / I got that I ’m alive , I ’m alive .... power ... ( song continue ) they strike a final pose . the crowd go bananas ! 96 97 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 113 . ext . world championship of a cappella - PRESS table - 96 continuous JOHN wow ! that be something special . if the bellas of old show up , this could go down as the most significant conflict between America and Germany in history . gail crack a book , John . JOHN no thank you . ext . world championship of a cappella - backstage / on the 97 grass -— continuous as they exit the stage , the audience chant : audience das SOUND machine ! das SOUND machine ...! ( continue ) dsm confront the bellas . kommissar you hear that ? they chant . for we . but do not cry too hard when you lose . make eye puffy . beca you hand be so soft . kommissar I be sorry , I do not speak loser . what do you say ? pieter she actually speak eight language and loser be not one of they . kommissar everything must come to a end . even the bellas . as they cross away , beca ha , ha ! you sweat smell like cinnamon ! dammit ! ( continued ) 97 98 99 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11-14 114 . continued : 97 das sound Machine cross away . the bellas huddle back up , excited yet anxious to take the stage one last time . beca ( cont 'd ) this be it . we last performance . the lady hold on tight to each other . Chloe 's near sobbing . chloe we need to go out there and beat dsm . this one for we ! they squeeze each other a little tighter . fat amy guy , there 's go to be some hater out there . they be go to look at we -- team USA -- and wonder why be the most talented one Australian . ( then , hit belly ) well I be fat so that be close enough . we be go to show they who we be -- a bunch of ethnically diverse , for the most part feminine , amazing singer ! let 's go out there and ac’ the world ! ext . world championship of a cappella - audience - cont 98 angle on : benji in the audience , where he have be hand something out to the crowd . benji emcee ( on stage ) ( to each person ) next up , represent the you 'il know what to do ... United States , please welcome the barden bellas ! ext . world championship of a cappella - PRESS table - 99 continuous as the bellas take the stage : gail John , it 's possible we be watch the last hurrah of the barden bellas . JOHN it 's go to be very difficult for they to pull this off . but if they do not , it be over . 100 101 102 103 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 115 . ext . world championship of a cappella - stage - continuous 100 the lady stand on stage and do a clap , snap , hand routine . it 's complex and super cool . then , they begin sing beyonce 's , '' run the World ( Girls ) . '' bellas who run the world ? girl . we run this mother ! they mash it up with '' we belong . '' the bellas move downstagel 101 into one line across the stage . each Bella join in to hold one note . it 's simple , stripped down and poignant . they all motion to Emily , who step forward to '' solo . '' emily doo doo , daa daaaaaaaa ! then , they perform a heartfelt version of the beca / Emily original song , '' flashlight . '' a spotlight shine down on beca . beca bellas when tomorrow come / I all be ooooh ! on my own / feeling frightened of the thing that I don ’t ooooh ! know / when tomorrow come 3x ... ooooh ! ext . world championship of a cappella - PRESS table - 102 continuous back on a emotional JOHN and gail , who can not believe it . JOHN this be unprecedented . the bellas have choose to do a original song . gail ordinarily I have be cough up blood in anger , and yet , it 's so damn beautiful . JOHN like a baby fawn . sipping morning dew . from a buttercup . ext . world championship of a cappella - stage - continuous 103 bellas but you 're my flashlight / you're getting I getting I through the night ... ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 116 . 103 continued : 103 just then , aubrey emerge from backstage and join in sing with the lady ... follow by Alice , cj and generation of bellas from the beginning . they all sing . bellas ( cont 'd ) but you 're my flashlight / you're getting I getting I through the night ... Emily look back at she mom , Katherine junk . emily ( mouth ) thank you . Katherine wink and sing she heart out . 104 ext . world championship of a cappella - audience - cont 104 benji hold up a flashlight and move it to the music . the rest of the audience follow he cue . the bellas take in the sea of light . Emily connect with benji , thrilled . 105 ext . world championship of a cappella - stage / audience - 105 continuous just then , beca find jesse , sit with benji in the front row ! he come too ! she 's overwhelm . 106 ext . world championship of a cappella - stage - continuous 106 the stage be now full of generation of bellas , sing . bellas but you 're my flashlight / you're getting I getting I through the night ... it 's quite a sight . back on : John and gail , JOHN incredible . every live Bella be up on that stage right now . angle on : the judge , clearly move . the audience , captivate . the kommissar , stewing . back on stage : beca getting I through the night . pin drop . then , the audience cheer . the bellas hold each other tight , relishing the moment . 107 108 109 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 117 . ext . world championship of a cappella - PRESS JOHN simple , raw , vulnerable , expose ... I have be call many thing , gail , but let I add one more . impress . gail ( through emotion ) think you be go to say gay . ext . world championship of a cappella - stage the alumna exit , leave just we ten lady . table -— cont107 - continuous 108 lilly and Ashley beatbox a cool dance beat . the bellas free-style dance until they eventually exit the stage . the audience cheer they on . as they do this , fade to black int . bella house - night Emily stand in front of the bellas . there be 109 a hazardous amount of light candle around she . beca hand Emily a large wine glass . beca it 's ceremonial . and you should definitely not drink it because it be essentially poison . emily ( smell it ) aw , it smell like cherry and vanilla . chloe okay , repeat after I . I , sing you name . emily I -- emilyyyyyy ! chloe promise to uphold the ideal of a Bella woman forever . emily promise to uphold the ideal of a Bella woman forever . beca and that 's it . that 's the end of the speech . nothing weird happen after that . ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 118 . 109 continued : 109 beca hand Emily the house key . beca ( cont 'd ) this be for you . do not go in the basement . it 's haunt . fat amy wait ! one last thing . fat Amy pick up a round sled . chloe yes , every Bella must christen the house by slide down the staircase . emily be you serious ? beca it 's tradition . fat amy yeah . I x11 show you . we jump CUT to , fat Amy at the top of the staircase . fat amy ( cont 'd ) behold ! use a round sled , she make she way down the staircase . it 's not elegant . then , she stand up -- in all of she confidence : fat amy ( cont 'd ) crushed it . beca good form . fat amy now I be ready to move on . ( then , shouting up ) Legacy , you be up ! we see Emily at the top of the stair . tight on : Emily , right before go down ... emily alright I be ready ! let 's do this ! as she start to slide -- ( continued ) 109 " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5- 11-14 119 . continued : 109 end of movie during end credit : blake shelton , christina aguilera , pharrell , and adam levine sit with they back to bumper , who be on stage . he sing John legends , '' all of I . '' bumper ++. ' cause all of I / love all of you / love you curve and all you edge / all you perfect imperfection / give you all ... ( song continue ) blake shelton hit he button . he turn around , see bumper and smile . bumper can not contain he excitement . bumper ( cont 'd ) " cause I give you -- yes ! -- all of I and you give I -- just like I dream ! all of you -- ( song continue ) blake be laugh . Adam hit he button . now , bumper be really lose it with excitement . bumper ( cont 'd ) all of I ... who -am-i-going -to-pick i-have-no-idea ! give you -- Adam , no offense , it 's not go to be you . you can turn back around . Adam hit he button and turn back around . bumper ( cont 'd ) no wait ! come back ! I want to hear what you have to say ! blake be fall over , laugh . bumper ( cont 'd ) Adam , hit gwen 's button ! she 's really the one I want ! or Christina 's ! whoever be back there !... ( big finish ) all of I ! the rest of the judge turn around to see this goofball . blake what 's you name , son ? ( continued ) " pitch perfect 2 " shoot draft 5 - 11 -14 120 . 109 continued : 109 bumper ( ridiculously excited ) I can't remember ! christina you be interesting . and I can work with interesting . bumper cross over and hug Christina . he turn to the camera . bumper hi Amy !