pitch perfect by Kay cannon revision by Jeff roda revision date : 10/04/11 date : 10/21/11 base on the Book : " pitch perfect : the quest for collegiate a capella glory " by micky rapkin white blue revised pink yellow GREEN goldenrod buff salmon cherry tan page page page page page page page page second revised blue 10/21/11 10/25/11 10/27/11 10/28/11 11/1/11 11/16/11 11/21/11 11/27/11 12/12/11 12/13/11 12/14/11 over black : we hear the sound of a pitch pipe . voice one , two , three , four -- as the universal logo appear on screen , we hear universal 's theme song sung a cappella . fade in : int . lincoln CENTER - stage - continuous 1 on stage , the barden treblemakers , a all - male a cappella group dress in match smoking jacket , conclude sing universal 's theme song . barden treblemakers brrmp brrmp ! the audience cheer . then , the trebles begin rihanna 's , '' do not stop the Music , '' and the place go apeshit . barden treblemakers ( cont ’d ) please don't stop the music , music , music / please don ’t stop the music , music ... ( song continue ) int . dressing room - night 2 credit roll as a gorgeous girl , chloe ( 20 ) , dress like a 1970 's flight attendant , frantically rummages through a swanky dress room . chloe shitball , where be it ? Chloe stop , reach into she jacket pocket , and pull out a red scarf . relieved , she dash out of the room . int . stage - same time 3 as the BU treblemakers sing , we widen to reveal : a sell out audience at lincoln Center . the atmosphere be reminiscent of a american idol finale . proud parent , coed , and a cappella fanatics hold up sign : '' I heart bellas '' , '' i'll treble 4 ya ! '' , and '' a cappella be my co- pilot ! '' int . backstage stairwell - same time 4 a wind Chloe run up a set of stair , clumsily wrapping the scarf around she neck . int . announcer booth - same time 5 gail and JOHN , a cappella alum , color-commentate . angle on : it . JOHN this be exactly the type of performance you would expect to see at '' the International championship of collegiate a cappella . '' be not that right , gail ? gail John , you be so right that everything else seem wrong . this be what the icca 's be all about . the barden treblemakers . the guy be crush JOHN ( 0.c . ) the barden University treblemakers never disappoint . it be they showbotage that be re-define modern a cappella . and the lady , well , they just can not get enough . gail yes . nothing make a girl feel more like a woman than a man who sing like a boy . a treble step forward to solo the next lyric . treble soloist I wanna take you away . on the word , '' away '' , he go flat . gail / JOHN whoa ! / boom ! JOHN that be flatter than my ex- wife 's chest . the asian one . [ get alt ] int . backstage of lincoln CENTER - same time 6 Chloe run past a variety of a cappella group readying themselves to compete , stop at the all - female bellas : a group of model - esque lady dress exactly like she . Chloe lift up she scarf and come face to face with Alice . ( continued ) continued : 6 chloe I find it ! on stage the BU treblemakers continue sing . alice Chloe , look at you . you be a mess . alice , the aggressive leader , undoe Chloe 's scarf and then methodically re-ty it . alice ( cont 'd ) you be unreliable . you be unfocus . and you breath smell like egg . like , all the time . Alice push the knot up to Chloe 's throat . Chloe wince . then , Alice turn to address both Chloe and AUBREY , a exceptionally focus girl stand next to she . alice ( cont 'd ) I can not believe the bellas be in the hand of you two slut bag after we graduate . Alice get right up in aubrey 's face . alice ( cont 'd ) eff up you solo , and I ’‘1l tell everyone you be bear without a butthole and it all just come out the front . AUBREY I will not disappoint you . my dad always say if you be not here to win , get the hell out of Kuwait . int . stage / orchestra pit / backstage / stage - continuous 7 the trebles end they performance to wild applause . JOHN with a couple of shaky note in there , it 's anybody 's game now . next up , BU 's other group , the barden bellas . backstage : the trebles brush past the bellas . bumper , the trebles outspoken ringleader , stop to address they . ( continued ) continued : 7 bumper ( '' genuine '' ) good luck out there . seriously . I mean that . you guy be awesome ... ly horrible . I hate you . kill yourselves . ( all girly ) girl power ! sister before mister ! go get ‘em gang ! bumper cross away . a infuriate Alice turn to the lady . alice now or never , bitch ! hand in ! Alice put she fist out . nine other meet hers . alice ( cont 'd ) one , two -- all ( mariah carey - high note ) -- ahhh ! emcee ( 0.c . ) please give it up for the barden bellas ! the lady run out on stage and take they position . Alice step up to the microphone . JOHN ( 0.c . ) the bellas . make history as the first all - female group to ever advance to the icca final . gail ( 0.c . ) John , why do you think it 's take so long for a all - lady group to break through the glass ceiling of a cappella ? JOHN well , woman typically can not hit the low note that round out a musical arrangement and that limit they . they be about as good at a cappella as they be at be doctor . on stage : Alice blow the pitch pipe . it 's red with a large cursive '' B '' on it . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 7 alice one , two , three , four ... they begin the arrangement and choreography to Ace of base 's , ' the sign 's . the performance be over - polished and safe . alice ( cont 'd ) ramboon na boo yeah !/ I , I gotta new life , you would hardly recognize I , I ’m so glad ... ( song continue ) gail ( 0.c . ) so just how do the bellas make it to the final ? JOHN ( 0.c. ) hard work , gail . when it come to the technical aspect of the performance , they never falter . plus they be very good look . alice it 's enough , enough . bellas oo-oo0000h ! alice it 's enough to know that I ... '' the sign '' rendition have lull the audience into a coma-like state . one judge even yawn . gail ( 0.s. ) feel like we all just take a leave turn into snoozeville , John . JOHN and park in a lot where they do not validate . gail at this level of competition they be a little too traditional , do not you think ? no surprise factor . JOHN ( 0.c . ) yes . it 's like after nine year of marriage know exactly what my Orthodox jewish wife will be wear to bed . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 7 gail the wig , John ? JOHN and the wool skirt . John and gail wince . aubrey step up to solo . AUBREY ( into mic ) under the pale moon where I see a lot of star / it 's enough to know / I saw the sign and it ope ( ned ) ... aubrey projectile puke and we freeze . the puke hang there freeze in mid-air . title card : pitch perfect . end open credit . ext . highway - day 8 we hear Kansas 's , '' carry on wayward Son '' as a prius travel down the highway , pass a sign : '' barden univ. , next exit . '' title card : four month later . ext . barden university - entrance - continuous 9 move - in Day . greeter in polo shirt direct traffic . a taxi pull up carry beca mitchell , a pretty freshman with heavy eyeliner . beca listen to a dub step remix of sia 's '' titanium '' on a pair of dj - style headphone . greeter ( super chipper ) hi there ! welcome to barden University . what dorm ? beca take off she headphone . beca Baker Hall , I think . the greeter pull out a map . greeter okay , here 's what you be go to do . take that first right ... the prius pull into BU . a mom drive and a dad sit shotgun . jesse , a confident underdog with boyish good look sit in the back and sing '' wayward '' out the window . ( continued ) 10 all 11 continued : 9 jesse carry on my wayward son ... the prius pull right along side beca 's taxi , near the greeter . beca turn to see jesse sing in the backseat . they lock eye . you think he will stop sing . he do not . jesse ( cont 'd ) carry on , you will always remember ! / carry on , nothing ... beca stare in confuse wonderment as jesse continue to sing . after a beat , the prius pull away . the greeter 's voice snap beca back to reality . greeter + . and you official BU rape whistle . do not blow it unless it 's actually happen . nobody like that . beca reluctantly take the whistle as the taxi pull away . ext . baker residence hall - moment later 10 on the lawn , frat guy use numbered paddle to rate the freshmen girl as they walk by . a gay couple help they son unload ikea - like furniture from a mini-van . beca take it all in , not look particularly enthuse . omit all int . dorm room - continuous 11 beca 's shy , korean roommate be already there . she sit at the edge of she bed , silent . beca you must be kimmy jin . I be beca . kimmy jin just stare back . awkward . ( continued ) 11 12 13 14 continued : 11 beca ( cont 'd ) no English ? yes English ? just tell I where you be at on English ? ext . kennedy hall - continuous 12 jesse stand outside the prius with two large duffel bag . his mom will not release he from a long embrace . jesse okay . can not breath . Mom let go . dad hug he just as hard . jesse ( cont 'd ) here we go . int . baker hall dorm room - continuous 13 kimmy jin have not move . beca nervously talk as she unzip she suitcase , pull out a set of turn - table and assort deejay equipment . beca ( be : equipment ) well , this be it . my music be everything to I , kimmy jin . so please do not touch , cool ? like ever , okay ? kimmy jin just stare . beca try to read she for a moment . beca ( cont ’d ) it be extremely important to I that you acknowledge this interaction . ext . dorm room / int . dorm room - moment later 14 jesse open the door to find benji applebaum hang a tie- fighter mobile over he bed . benji 's a benevolent nerd who make jesse look studly by comparison . benji there he be . you must be jesse . ( continued ) 14 15 continued : 14 jesse and you must be kid . widen to reveal : a room decorate with huge amount of sci-fi memorabilia : a life-size darth vader , a twenty - sided die chair , a battlestar tribute wall , and a big box with sword stick through it . a beat , as jesse and benji take it in . benji look at it now , I can see that it 's a lot . I x11 take it down -- jesse no way ! take I a second for my eye to adjust but I can roll with this . benji just so you know . I be not a total nerd . I also happen to be super into close - up magic . benji pull a hamster out of he sleeve . jesse dude ! that 's awesome ! benji nod , '' I be pretty good . '' then : jesse ( cont 'd ) how long be the little guy in there ? int . beca 's dorm room - continuous 15 beca finish convert she desk into a musical workstation . ( turntables , keyboard , laptop ) . there 's a knock on the door . a man speak in falsetto . man ( 0.s. ) it 's missy , you r.a ! you guy keep it down in there ! beca open the door to reveal dr . francis mitchell , ( 49 ) , a sweet - face man with JFK hair and a corduroy blazer . dr . mitchell I be kid . it 's just you ol 's man try to make a funny . ( continued ) 10 . 15 continued : 15 beca ( sarcastic ) Chris rock , everybody . Dr. Mitchell enter . kimmy jin be still sit there . dr . mitchell ( to kimmy jin ) hi. Dr. Francis Mitchell , beca 's dad . I be a professor here ... ( beat ) job title tbd . * there 's no response . Dr Mitchell turn back to beca . dr . mitchell ( cont ’d ) so when do you get here ? how do you get here ? beca take a cab from the airport . do not want to inconvenience you and Sheila . how be the stepmonster ? dr mitchell she 's great . she 's on she way to Vegas . never be before . gave she my lucky ... beca do not really care , dad . just want to say '' stepmonster . '' dr . mitchell Fair enough . well do I at least get a hug ? it 's be a while since I have see you ! * Dr. Mitchell force a hug on beca . beca do not hug back . beca well , that 's what happen when you leave you wife and daughter and move 3000 mile away for some hooker . +e * hf dr . mitchell ( to kimmy ) Sheila 's a pharmaceutical sale rep . that 's very different than a hooker . so , you be on the quad yet ? + h hk ( more ) ( continued ) 10a . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 dr . mitchell ( cont 'd ) in the springtime , student study on the grass . beca I do not want to study on the grass . ( more ) ( continued ) * 15 continued : 11 . ( 3 ) 15 beca ( cont 'd ) I do not need college . what I need be to live in LA , work at a music label , start pay my due -- dr . mitchell oh boy . here we go again . beca , djwn be not a profession . it 's a hobby . unless you be Rick dee or someone awesome like that -- beca I do not want to just deejay . I want to produce music . make music -- dr . mitchell you be get a college education . for free , I might add . end of story . beca great . so instead of get real world experience in what I actually want to do with my life , I will spend four year study on the grass . there 's a awkward beat of silence . kimmy jin I be go to the activity Fair . she speak . beca be surprised but seize the opportunity . beca well then so be I . I be go to go with my super - good friend , kimmy jin . beca grab she bag and they exit , leave Dr. Mitchell . 16 17 12 . ext . activity fair - barden quad - little later 16 a series of recruiting booth be set up throughout the quad . anything and everything be represent : one booth read , '' f- Word : a Collection of feminist voice , '' another say , '' barden newspaper , '' another read '' dude with Ponytail . est. 1988 . '' beca , headphone around she neck , and kimmy jin be at the booth : '' riac : running in a Circle . '' two representatives give beca the hard sell . riac representative # 1 basically what we do be we join arm in a large ring and we run clockwise and sometimes we will do variation on that . riac representative # 2 it 's really about movement and , health , circulation , mimick the earth 's orbit around the sun . beca so you run around in a circle ? riac representative # 1 and so can you . he hold out a pen for beca to sign up . beca yeah . I be gonna look around -- riac representative # 2 -- around ! riac representative # 1 you would do so well here . kimmy jin spot the '' Korean student Association '' booth and make a beeline for it . the korean student welcome she with open arm . beca , now alone , put she headphone on . ext . activity fair - barden quad 17 across the fair : jesse and benji stride through , stop at the gratuitously rowdy sigma beta theta frat booth . good - look , bare - chest , beefy guy party and chant . frat guy '' drink beer , smoking dope , suck on a tit ! ( more ) ( continued ) 17 18 13 . continued : 17 frat guy ( cont 'd ) if you be not pledge sbt , then you be not worth no shit ! '' benji that 's a double negative . jesse that 's a lot of negative . benji follow I . there 's only one group on this campus worth join . needle drop : a heavy guitar lick kick in as the camera fly over the fair , table after table , finally landing on ... the barden treblemakers : a motley crew of eight confident nerd sit under a tree : donald , a cool dude with black glass , unicycle , a guy always astride a unicycle , a few other thin , unathletic dweebs , and bumper , the outspoken ringleader . jesse and benji stand nearby . benji gesture to the guy . benji ( cont 'd ) as far as barden go , that 's what be a man be all about . bumper blow a iphone pitch pipe . the trebles suddenly rise and sing the gayest version of the dazz Band 's '' let it whip . '' amazingly , a handful of pretty girl gather around to listen . benji ( cont 'd ) the treblemakers . the rock star of a cappella , the messiah of barden . well , you know , not include athlete , frat guy , or actual cool people . jesse organize nerd sing ! be this for real ? benji you bet it be . how 's you voice ? jesse join the trebles in '' let it whip . '' benji 's impressed . ext . activity fair / bellas booth - same time 18 aubrey and Chloe stand in front of they tiny '' bellas '' booth hand out flyer . aubrey scoff at the trebles . ( continued ) 18 14 . continued : 18 AUBREY I will stop at nothing to take down that dicklick . [ alt : suck butt ] a homely girl , barb , walk up . chloe hey , barb ! gonna audition this year ? we have opening . Chloe try to hand she a flier but barb will not take it . barb oh , now that you have puke you way to the bottom , you might actually consider I ? I have audition three time and never get in because you say my boob look like baloney . barb put she hand on she hip . her cardigan be pull back , revealing two huge , baloney - like areolas beneath she t-shirt . barb ( cont 'd ) the word 's out . the bellas 's be the laugh stock of a cappella . good look recruiting this year , douche - b 's . barb leave . Chloe look a tad shake . chloe this. is. ( sing ) a travesty ! ( then ) if we can not recruit baloney barb , we can not get anybody . AUBREY take the dramatics down a notch . chloe you be the one who get we into this hot mess ! AUBREY we will be fine . I be confident we will find eight super - hot girl with bikini ready body who can harmonize and have perfect pitch . a pack of hot girl walk by . aubrey offer a flyer . they push she away and keep walk . aubrey don she '' game face . '' ( continued ) 18 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) keep flyering . we have a tradition to uphold . chloe how about we just get good singer . a chubby girl walk up and take a flier from Chloe . chloe ( cont ’d ) chubby girl hi ! can you sing ? yep . can you read music ? yep . can you match pitch ? Chloe sing three note . the girl match they , perfectly . chubby girl you want I to do it in '' a ’? chloe you name ? chubby girl fat Amy . AUBREY you call yourself fat Amy ? fat amy yep . so you twig bitch do not do it behind my back . AUBREY see you at audition ... fat Amy . fat Amy walk away . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) that be oddly satisfy . angle on : beca , who have now stop at a booth call '' campus dj be " . she excitedly pick up a flier . it read : '' barden dj 's ( " deaf Jews . a Club for the hear impair Children of Israel . '' ) beca react , bum . fat Amy walk up as a jewish student sign and mumble excitedly . jewish student shalom ! ( continued ) 18 continued : 16 . ( 3 ) 18 fat amy ( loudly , to Student ) that 's not a real word ! keep try ! you will get it ! beca ( laugh , to fat Amy ) not a lot of jewish people where you be from , huh ? beca continue on , pass near the Bella booth . Chloe see beca and point she out to aubrey . chloe hey , what about she ? she could be make cute . AUBREY be you blind , Chloe ? that girl 's a freak . she 's so not a Bella . ignoring she , Chloe hand beca a flyer . beca take off she headphone . beca eye chloe hi ! any interest in audition for we a capella group ? the flier , then Chloe and aubrey . beca a capella . oh right , this be a thing now . chloe tote . we sing cover of song but do it without any instrument . ( over sell ) it all come from we mouth ! beca react , '' wow . '' angle on : chloe ( cont 'd ) there be four group on campus . the bellas . that 's we . we be the tit . the BU harmonics ... the BU harmonics booth : a co-ed group where homely girl , include barb , give back rub to guy who do not know they be gay yet . chloe ( cont 'd ) the High Notes . ( continued ) 18 17 . continued : ( 4 ) 18 angle on : the high note : a group that 's always high . a couple of they laugh too hard . Three or four fall over . chloe ( cont 'd ) they , um , not particularly motivate . and then there 's -- angle on : the treblemaker 's big finish . BU treblemakers let it whip ! ( let 's whip it baby ) beca watch as the trebles bow to applause . in the distance , she spot jesse and recognize he as the '' sing guy in the prius . '' just then , a stray football hit uni in the head , knock he to the ground . back to the lady ... beca grab the flier , revealing a tattoo : a preying manthus . Chloe see this . chloe hey ! I have a tattoo ! beca oh yeah ? chloe I sorta go through a punk phase . I be listen to a lot of '' evanescence . '' beca react , ”0o ...kay . '' chloe ( cont 'd ) ( hopeful ) so be you interested ? beca I do not know . seem pretty lame . hear this , aubrey step up to beca . AUBREY aca-scuse I ? synchronize lady dance to a '' mariah carey '' - chart topper be not lame . chloe we sing all over the world and compete in national championship . beca on purpose ? ( continued ) 18 . 18 continued : ( 5 ) 18 AUBREY we play the cobb Energy perform Arts Center you bitch ! beca react , '' settle . '' Chloe play peacekeeper . chloe what aubrey mean to say be that we be a close - knit , talented group of lady whose dream be to return to the national final at lincoln Center this year . ( offer sign up sheet ) help we turn we dream into a reality ? beca ( to Chloe ) sorry , I be not really a singer so ... it be nice meeting you . beca walk away . aubrey start to lose it . AUBREY what be we go to do ?! the bellas be finish ! we life be ov [ er ] -- ( recoil and cover mouth ) uhp. wait , I get it . chloe do you almost vomit again ? AUBREY yeah . it 's the stress . chloe you need some water ? AUBREY no . it do not come up that far . 19 ext . outskirt of the activity fair - continuous 19 benji and jesse walk towards the trebles . benji I be go to introduce myself . ( cover nervousness ) everybody be cool . it 's just a normal day ... ( continued ) 19 . 19 continued : 19 benji approach bumper and the gang . benji ( cont 'd ) hi. Benjamin applebaum . he firmly shake bumper 's hand . benji ( cont 'd ) I see you guy perform at the '' mall of America '' like three year ago . change my life . have not stop think about you since . bumper thanks , man . football guy ( 0.c. ) hey , vagina ! throw the ball back ! uni throw the ball back like a little girl , lose he balance , and once again fall to the ground , hard . benji bumper , huge fan . you arrangement of lovin 's spoonful 's '' do you believe in Magic '' inspire I to become a certified illusionist . benji stuff a red scarf into he fist , and then hold up he empty hand . a little piece of the scarf protrude from benji 's enormous fake thumb . he fail the trick a couple of time . bumper just stare . bumper ( to the gang ) I feel like I be too important for this . [ alt : the smell of you '' weird '' be affect my vocal chord . '' ] donald you be . benji so why do not we exchange email or maybe totally hang out right now ? jesse too far . jesse grab benji and hurry he away . ( continued ) 19 a27 27 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 back on : beca at the campus intern booth . she grab a application for the '' campus Radio Station , '' put on she headphone and we dissolve to : omit 20 - 26 ext . campus radio station - day a27 beca cross a street and enter the campus radio station . int . campus radio station - day 27 a hot mashup - style remix pump as we be tight on beca , she eye transfix . beca 's Pov : Inside the deejay booth be luke , the smoking - hot , tattooe Station manager . beca 's smitten . the guy , the music ... everything . after a beat , luke turn , catch beca stare . he smile , lower the volume , and open the deejay booth door . luke hey . you be there long ? beca ( flustered ) um , no , I be , uh ... I just get here . like now . I be not stand here for a while or anything ... she awkwardly approach the booth . luke stand , official . luke sorry , but freshman be not allow in the booth . he step out and extend he hand . she shake it like a nerd . luke ( cont ’d ) luke. Station manager . you must be beca . jesse enter , in a rush . jesse and I be jesse . luke I be luke . and you be late . ( continued ) 21 . 27 continued : 27 jesse turn to beca . a look of realization cross he face . jesse hey , I know you ! beca no , you do not . ( to luke , point ) he do not . luke okay . you two can figure it out while you be stack CD 's . luke point to several crate of CD 's . luke ( cont 'd ) when you be do , there 's more . you be gonna be spend a lot of time together , so please ... no sex on the desk . I have be burn before . luke exit back into the booth . beca watch he , then exhales heavily . jesse I do know you . I sing to you . I remember because you be in a taxi . wait , be you dad a taxi driver ? ignoring he , beca start stack CD 's . he follow suit . beca steal a glance at luke . jesse clock this . jesse ( cont 'd ) so ... luke 's attractive . excellent bone-structure . full head of hair . Fancy undershirt . I think we just meet my nemesis . beca , frustrated , plop down behind the desk . beca man , this suck . I come here to play music , not stack it . jesse not I . I be here for one reason only . I love stackin’ cd 's . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 continued : 22 . ( 2 ) 27 jesse ( cont 'd ) I be offer a job at a lab that test the effect of marijuana on you appetite but I say no . I want to stack cd 's , hopefully in the vicinity of a semen smear desk -- that 's what we think happen here , right ? beca ( play along ) too bad I do not bring my black light . then we would know for sure . jesse so what 's you deal ? you one of that girl who 's all dark and mysterious until she take off she glass and that amazingly scary ear spike and you realize she be beautiful the whole time ? beca I do not wear glass . jesse then you be halfway there . ( be : stack ) I be loving this . beca you be a weirdo . jesse yes I be . and so be you . it 's a good thing we be go to be best friend and / or lover . beca please do not say '' lover . '' jesse you know , I would not pass this up . once I be a treble , I probably will not have time for you . beca you know , I do not think you could find a way to be less attractive to I , but congrat , you just do . ( continued ) 27 28 29 23 . continued : ( 3 ) 27 jesse ha ! you be terrific . just wait . you will go all squidy and drape yourself all over I . it 'il be fun . you will see . beca react , '' who be this guy ? '' ext . on the greens - later 28 beca sit alone , eat . she scan the quad , notice the sbt guy happily play ultimate frisbee . next to they , a group of science nerd enjoy study . then , the '' running in a Circle '' group literally run in a circle and love it . [ slow motion ] feeling the pang of loneliness , beca put she headphone on , lie down , and find solace in sia . sia ( in headphone ) I ’m bulletproof / nothing to lose / FIRE away , FIRE away ... fade to black . over black , we hear - dr . mitchell ( v.o. ) beca ? beca ? wake up , beca ... fade in : int . beca 's dorm room - the next day 29 beca be in bed , asleep . angle on : a hand , unplugge the headphone plugge into she computer . once unplugge , the music play loudly ( titanium ) . beca jolt awake . reveal : Dr. Mitchell , try to turn the music off . he can not . beca , unamuse , get out of bed and do it for he . dr . mitchell this do not look like you '' intro to philosophy '' class . beca I be pose a important philosophical question : if I do not actually go to class , will that class still suck ? ( continued ) 24 . 29 continued : 29 beca sit down , and fiddle with some equipment . * dr . mitchell okay , I know you be mad at I . I get it . but I can not just let you waste you life in this room while you fiddle around with technical equipment I know nothing about . for God sake , you look like a roadie from ( mispronounce ) definitely lep-paard ! beca I do not understand why you will not support I ? dr . mitchell the music industry be a seedy place , bec . I mean , have you see * that vh1 behind the musics ? beca man , ever since you get cable -- dr . mitchell College be the transition period that prepare you for all the scary thing life be gonna throw at you . * you create memory here . I see it everyday . beca , you have be * here a month . do you even have any * friend ? * beca kimmy jin be my friend . reveal : kimmy jin , quietly study in a corner . kimmy jin nope . ( continued ) 29 continued : 25 . ( 2 ) 29 dr . mitchell just try something . put yourself out there . beca I just get a job at the radio station dr . mitchell I have see that place . it 's dark and dirty and have what ? Three weirdo work there ? beca well , four , now . dr . mitchell beca , this be the time in you life to try new thing , explore . not be so fixate on this dj thing . he point to the audition flier on she desk . dr . mitchell ( cont ’d ) like that . do that . or run ina circle . wait , do not do that . that kid be not right . just do something new . and if in a year , you still do not want to be here . if you still want to try to be some big time music producer , then ... ( at a loss ) you can quit college and I 'il help you move to LA . beca ( brighten ) whoa , whoa . seriously ? dr . mitchell yes. seriously . but I need to really see it , bec . you get to get out there . make friend . join in . this be college ! beca linger on the audition notice . she grab a towel and she toiletry basket and head into the ... % es + eh +e * hf * 25a . 30 int . bathroom / shower area - continuous 30 in one stall , we see two pair of foot . there 's whisper . male voice you say we would try it . female voice I ’1ll get electrocute ! male voice how ? beca walk in , hold a shower caddy and sing sia 's '' titanium . '' she look upbeat in a way we have not see before . the foot freeze . ( continued ) 30 26 . continued : 30 beca i'm bulletproof / nothing to lose / FIRE away , FIRE away ... beca do not notice they , get into another stall , and turn the water on . as she wait for the water to warm , the camera pan over beca 's shoulder . reveal : Chloe , listen , all - smile . then : chloe you can sing ! beca scream and attempt to cover she bit with she loofa . chloe ( cont 'd ) how high do you belt go ? beca my what ?! chloe the tone of you voice be beautiful . you have to audition for the bellas ! beca grab a shampoo bottle and hold it over she chest . beca I can not concentrate on anything you be say till you cover you junk . chloe just consider it . one time we sing back up for Prince . his butt be so tiny , I can hold it with one hand . [ get alt ] beca close the curtain . Chloe open it again . beca seriously , I be nude . chloe you be sing '' titanium '' right ? beca ( pull up ) you know David guetta ? chloe what , have I be live under a rock ? that song be my jam . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 continued : ( 2 ) chloe ( cont 'd ) ( coyly ) my '' diddle '' jam . beca that 's nice . chloe yeah it be ! that song build . ( then ) sing it for I ? beca ew ! no ! get the hell out of here ! chloe not for that reason ! look , I be not leave here until you sing so ... beca this be ridiculous . chloe maybe. ( defiant ) but I can stand here all day . beca roll she eye . then , reluctantly start beca i'm bulletproof / nothing to lose / FIRE away , FIRE away .... Chloe jump in , harmonize . they sound awesome . beca / chloe brick of shame take you AIM / FIRE away , FIRE away / you shoot I down but I won ’t fall/ I am titanium / you shoot I down but I won ’t fall/ I am titanium . 27 . 30 sing . beca find herself unexpectedly move . there 's a long beat of they look at each other , naked . chloe yeah , I be pretty confident about ... ( motion around she body ) all this . beca you should be . Chloe hand beca a towel . then , Tom pop into frame . ( continued ) 30 31 28 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 tom you have a lovely voice . beca thanks ? a awkward moment . Chloe pull Tom out . beca stand there stunne . push in on beca , smile , a look of realization cross she face . we move tighter on beca , and pre -lap ... tommy ( v.o. ) listen up , everybody . for you audition , each of you will sing ... int . hallway / int . barden auditorium - a few day later 31 audition day . in the hallway outside the auditorium , a long line of CO - ed 's warm up they voice . tommy martin and he sidekick justin , a cappella super - fan address the group . tommy +. sixteen bar of Kelly Clarkson 's '' since U be go . '' if a group like you , they 's 1ll contact you directly . my tone deaf sidekick Justin will collect you info . justin if I could carry a tune in any possible human way , I would . but I can not . I resent myself dearly . tommy I have be pick on , wedgied , ridicule , upper-deck , and cyber - bully by elect official . I be also currently fail out of this university . and though I too can not sing a drop , there be nowhere I would rather be than in the welcome embrace of barden a cappella . but if you think this be like some high school club where you sing and dance you way through big social issue you have come to the wrong place . it 's nothing like that . that 's high school . this shit be real life . justin Real life !! ( continued ) 31 32 28a . continued : 31 tommy ( he clap twice ) alright people . do not just bring it ! sing it ! int . auditorium - continuous 32 all four a cappella group be there . the trebles sit in back . aubrey and Chloe sit in front . ( continued ) 32 29 . continued : 32 bumper hey bellas , remember how you try to play in the big league and choke ? let that be a lesson to everybody . sing the same girlie shit every year , you 's 1ll blow chunks all over the place . the rest of the trebles snicker . Donald do a '' too slow '' slap to himself . aubrey brace herself , then stand to address the room . AUBREY my fellow aca-people . as most of you know , it be a make or break year for the Bella lady . but make no mistake . we will not let egotistical , big-head , garbage dick , whoever they may be , get in we way . ( then , to bumper ) I promise you . the bellas will return to the icca 's and finish what we start last year . Tommy step in , get down to business . tommy first up today ... he present cynthia rose , a butch look girl wear a leather jacket and boot . donald ( into mic ) whenever you be ready , dude . cynthia rose hi , my name 's Cynthia Rose . angle on : Donald , reacting , '' oops . '' cynthia rose ( cont ’d ) ( begin sing ) but since U be gone ... begin '' american idol '' - type audition montage : -- we see quick pop of auditioner . some good , some bad . -- a smart-look plain - face girl wear Tina - fey glass introduce herself as mary elise . she have a adequate voice . -- more auditioner . ( continued ) 32 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 -- jesse nail he audition . -- more auditioner . sprinkle in , we meet four quirky , awkward lady name jessica , ashley , DENISE , and kori . -- fat Amy walk on stage and take the mic . she 's crazy loud , but great . fat amy but since U be gone/ I can breathe for the first time ... -- a beautiful girl walk up to the mic . Chloe and aubrey perk up . she look like a '' Bella . '' stacie hi . my name be stacie . my hobby be cuticle care and the e! Network . ( then , sing ) i'm so moving on , yeah , yeah ... when stacie sing , she close she eye and make a strange , '' jessica Simpson '' weird sing face . it 's disturbing . for everybody . -- more pop of people , include lilly , a very shy girl who be often inaudible when speak . lilly hello . my name be lilly onakuramara . I be bear with gill like a fish . the group react , '' what do she say ? '' lilly ( cont 'd ) thanks to you / now I get what I want ... -- benji audition . he 's Sinatra - good and a crowd favorite . benji .».. since you be gone ! ( through applause ) ah , thank you . perform live give I such a rush ! -- more auditioner . kolio , a cute hispanic guy , sing and sound exactly like Aaron neville . it work on he . -- we see quick pop of audition high and low until we land back on fat Amy . as she walk off stage , we hear ... ( continued ) 32 33 34 31 . continued : ( 3 ) 32 fat amy I crush it ! [ get alt ] end montage . tommy okay . that 's everybody . Chloe hear the exit door OPEN and see beca peek in . chloe wait ! there 's one more . Chloe excitedly wave she in . beca walk up on stage . beca I do not have time to prepare the song . chloe it 's okay ! sing anything ! beca sing a kick - ass version of '' miss I when I ’m gone , '' while play the cup . beca you're gonna miss I when I ’m gone you 're gonna miss I when I ’m gone oh I know / you 're gonna miss I when I ’m gone ... applause . reveal : jesse , in the wing , loving it . omit 33 33 int . the bellas rehearsal room - unveiling - later 34 a series of red hood be pull off ten girl . aubrey read off the name of each girl as she hood come off . AUBREY ( 0.c . ) the sopranos : jessica , Mary elise , lilly . the mezzo : Cynthia Rose , denise , Kori . and we alto : fat Amy , stacie , Ashley , and ... beca . as beca 's hood be pull off , she look totally disorient . from beca' Pov : the lady stand in a room light by a hazardous amount of candle . ( continued ) 32 . 34 continued : 34 on a table rest a chalice of wine and ten red scarve . aubrey and Chloe stand before they in Bella attire . aubrey blow the pitch pipe . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) as you music director and possessor of the pitch pipe , I would like to welcome you to the bellas 's initiation night . we shall begin by drink the blood of the sister that come before you . Chloe grab the chalice and present it to beca . beca Hell no . AUBREY it 's tradition . chloe ( whisper ) do not worry . it 's boone 's farm . beca take the chalice , barely take a sip . 35 int . treble house - live room - same time 35 Brown hood be remove from the head of jesse and kolio . jesse's Pov : the trebles sit around in smoking jacket . a hot tub sit in the middle of the room . bumper approach . bumper well , well . look who 's in '' treble . '' donald classic pun . jesse look around . jesse where 's benji ? Donald cross over and hand jesse a smoking jacket . bumper this be you treble jacket . we wear this when we perform . on stage . and in bed . ( continued ) 35 36 33 . continued : 35 donald it mean you be one of we . a brother forever . jesse I do not know what to say . i’11l never lose this . donald you can . we have more . it 's nota big deal . bumper uh , it 's kind of a big deal . pretty big deal . I do not like it when you undermine I . ( then ) okay , time to prove you treble loyalty by get stupid-drunk while commit a minor felony . ( timberlake falsetto ) let 's rock it to the break of dong ! donald ( to no one inparticular ) he 's like a male josh Groban . int . bellas rehearsal room - unveiling - same time 36 chloe now , if you will all place you scarf in you right hand . Chloe and aubrey demonstrate with they scarve . AUBREY I , sing you name . all lady I , [ insert own name ]! AUBREY promise to fulfill the duty and responsibility of a Bella woman . ( repeat ) neither sickness , nor midterm , nor my lady time will prevent I from her- monize with my sister . ( repeat ) and I solemnly promise never to have sexual relation with a treblemaker or may my vocal chord be rip out by wolf . ( continued ) 36 37 38 34 . continued : 36 they look around to each other , struggle to repeat it . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) you be all bellas now . all but beca erupt in cheer . Chloe turn to aubrey . chloe we do it . AUBREY ( look around , concerned ) do we ? ext . parking lot - later 37 the trebles stand in front of a van whose license plate read '' tnhngr . '' on the side of the van , there 's a magnetic decal of four guy : professional , elder-statesmen of a cappella ( Ed helm - type ) . jesse and kolio spray paint the van a neon blue color while chugge beer . donald every year , the tone hangers come back to party on initiation night . and every year we mess with they van . bumper when be this loser go to realize nobody should be sing a cappella after college ? there 's just some thing you should give up before you start to look sad . uni unicycle into frame . unicycle totally . ext . barden quad - moment later 38 the '' Hood night '' party . Justin man the keg as the aca - group and they new recruit all file in . the bellas , lead by aubrey , walk up together . beca , fat Amy , and stacie bring up the rear . AUBREY lady , prepare to soften the beach . ( continued ) 35 . continued : 38 the lady , react , '' huh . '' beca ( to fat Amy ) what be I do here ? fat amy livin 's the dream ! I still can not believe they let my fat ass in . stacie I too ! for some reason , girl be usually threaten by I . stacie whip off she top expose a smokin’ body . jesse , drunk , stumble up to beca . jesse beca . beca ... ( like a chicken ) be-caw ! be-caw ! be my eye deceive I ? jesse wipe he eye and make sgeak noise . jesse ( cont 'd ) you be a Bella ?! think of all the memory we be go to create together ! beca and you be drunk ! you will not remember anything tomorrow . beca do something physical to jesse . ( i.e. punch he . ) jesse ( laugh ) oh no she do not ! beca shake she head and laugh . aubrey clock this . a tipsy Chloe give beca a big hug and put she face right up - close . chloe I be so glad I meet you ! I know we be go to be fast friend . beca yeah , I mean , you have see I naked . hard not to bond after that . ( continued ) 38 continued : everybody 36 . ( 2 ) 38 chloe and do not you worry about aubrey . she 's a good girl . her parent just never take she out of the shrink wrap . ( then , yell ) okay , mama 's thirsty ! [ get alt ] angle on : Cynthia Rose and stacie , talk . stacie if I drink too much tonight , will you promise to hold my hair back when I puke ? cynthia rose ( a beat , take stacie in ) yes . yes , I can be trust to do that . angle on : bumper and Donald fill they cup at the keg . needledrop : Andy grammer 's '' keep you head up '' come on and scream ! they all sing along . bumper who would win in a fight ? Captain America or a great white shark . donald great white shark . bumper nuh-uh . donald yes huh . all the shark have to do be lure he to international water . Captain America have no jurisdiction out there . next question . who be easiest to sleep with ? Captain America or a great white shark ...? fat Amy walk up . fat amy what be you turd talk about ? bumper you be the single grossest human I have ever laid eye on . ( continued ) 38 39 40 37 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 fat amy you be no panty - dropper yourself , chief . a beat . bumper you want to make out ? fat Amy react , '' not in a million year '' and walk away . Donald laugh . bumper shoot he a look and elbow he in the rib . int . jesse and benji 's dorm room - same time 39 benji , still wide - awake and fully clothed , lay on he bed . hear the music from a distance , he sadly sing . benji but you got to keep you head up oh , oh / and you can let you hair down ... back to the party , 40 bumper , Donald , and uni sing directly to a group of hot girl . Kori make eye at Donald . Donald break off and dance with she . fat Amy comically dance in the middle of a circle of Bella lady . outside the circle , jesse dance wildly . beca barely move . jesse hand beca a red cup . jesse be not this awesome ? beca it 's definitely something . jesse ( shout to the heaven ) we be the king of campus ! we pull back from beca to a aerial view of campus : the party be a tiny speck on the campus grid compare to the frat surround it . time lapse : we transition to morning ... omit 41-44 45 38 . int . bellas rehearsal room - first rehearsal - same time 45 the bellas be assemble in a classroom / rehearsal space . fat Amy and Cynthia Rose peruse the frame photo of past bellas group hang on a wall . aubrey write the word '' new bellas '' on a whiteboard . beca casually stroll into the room . aubrey , still face the board , freeze , and then write beca 's name on the board with a tally mark next to it . beca roll she eye . AUBREY as you can see , Kori be not here . last night , she be treble-bone . she 's be dis-invite from the bellas . beca that oath be serious ? AUBREY Dixie chick -serious . you can fool around with anyone you want , just not a treble . stacie that 's not go to be easy ( refer to crotch ) : he 's a hunter . ( continued ) 45 continued : AUBREY stacie , the trebles do not respect we . they treat we like we be one big joke . and if we let they penetrate we , we be give they we power . fat amy not a good enough reason to use the word penetrate . aubrey move toward Mary elise . AUBREY anybody have anything to confess ? Mary elise crumble under the pressure and nod , yes . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) turn in you scarf and go . mary elise but ... it be a accident . it land in my hand . aubrey do not waver . Mary elise stand up to leave , slowly . every few step , she look back , desperately to be stop . she grab a chair and drag it across floor . she finally leave , cry loudly through the beca be that necessary ? AUBREY this be a war , beca . it 's my job to make sure my soldier be prepped at go time with three kick ass song sung and choreograph to perfection . ( more ) 39 . 45 very want the hall . ( continued ) 45 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) we only have four month till regionals so if you have a problem with how I run the Bell -- ah ! ( recoil and cover mouth ) oh God . chloe aubrey , relax . we can not have a repeat of last year . lilly umm . what happen last year ? chloe ( lean in ) what be you ask ? lilly ( a little louder ) what happen last year ? and do you guy want to see a dead body ? a beat , '' what do she say ? '' then : flashback : a grainy image of aubrey as she projectile puke straight into camera while the audience gasp in horror . we pull back to reveal lilly hold up she ipad while the new bellas watch in awe . aubrey 's grief-strick by the memory . stacie lean into lilly . stacie ooh , click on '' guy puke on cat . '' AUBREY enough ! it happen . it 's over . now , this be how we will become champion . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 3 ) 45 aubrey pull up a screen to reveal a really complicated flow chart on another dry erase board . it 's pretty intense . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) first thing first , we need a vocal percussionist . do anyone know how to beatbox ? fat amy I do ! she '' beatbox . '' it 's not great . there 's a lot of spit involved . angle on : lilly watch she intently . AUBREY so that would be a '' no . '' we practice everyday for at least two hour . Seven day a week . we trust you will add you own cardio . fat amy why cardio ? AUBREY why cardio ? I x11 tell you -- ( sing ) whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ... they wait for she to stop . she do not AUBREY ( cont'd ) yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyvyyyy ... as she continue , jaw drop and eye gape . at some point , fat Amy start applaud . other join she . beca AUBREY Holy shit ! yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ! done make she point and as if nothing happen , aubrey distribute papers . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) this be a list of all the song we have ever perform . you will notice that we only do song make famous by woman . beca look disdainfully at the list . ( continued ) 45 46 42 . continued : ( 4 ) 45 beca there 's nothing from this century on here . AUBREY because we do not stray from tradition . we focus be perfect we repertoire . it 's why we be the best all - female group in the country . now , let 's start with some vocal warm - up , practice scale , follow by arpeggio and then work we way up to choreography . any question ? stacie you say scale and then something about spaghettios ? [ get alt ] AUBREY arpeggios . God help I . rehearsal montage begins . ( specifics of montage may change 46 - mic technique - all but fat Amy run the stair . - Teaching moment to learn how to make instrument sound with they mouth . - learn how to dance in heal . -- Dr. Mitchell look through the rehearsal door 's window . he smile , pleased . - rehearsal of beatbox . fail miserably . - choreography of each person try to do a specific step . - deal with stacie 's bad sing face . ( continued ) 46 47 continued : AUBREY you be only go to do bump , bump , ba bump ... end montage . int . bellas rehearsal hall - day the '' New bellas '' look exhaust . AUBREY okay , I be callin’ it . lilly thank God . I ask to go the bathroom three hour ago . AUBREY nothing . I hear nothing . beca do we just learn the same choreography you do in that video ? AUBREY ( ignore she ) do not forget to pick up you performance schedule . we have a gig next week . that 's right . next week . chloe you guy ! it 's sigma beta theta 's fall mixer . sbt hire we every year as they entertainment . it pay for we entry fee into regionals . AUBREY hand in , bellas ! aubrey put she fist out . the lady stare at she . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) hand in , aca-bitch ! they all sloppily put they hand in . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) sing ahhh on three -- 43 . 46 47 ( continued ) 47 44 , continued : 47 fat amy ahhh ! AUBREY on three , fat Amy . one , two -- AUBREY ( cont ’d ) half the lady ahhh ! ahhh ! other half ahhh ! it 's a mess . as they shuffle out ... AUBREY beca , a word . beca spin around . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) you know you will have to take that ear monstrosity out for the fall mixer . beca you really do not like I , do you ? AUBREY I do not like you attitude ... beca you do not even know I . AUBREY I know you have a toner for jesse . ( off beca 's blank stare ) a '' toner . '' a musical boner . I see it . at Hood night . it 's distracting . beca you be not in charge of I , aubrey . AUBREY you take a oath ! beca that oath cost you two girl already . I be pretty sure you need I more than I need you . beca head for the door . aubrey call after she . ( continued ) 47 a48 b48 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 AUBREY I can see you toner through that jeans . beca that 's my dick . beca exit . AUBREY ( to Chloe ) we better have we shit together for sbt . chloe I be not worried . I be sure we will be awse ! we smash CUT to : omit aa48 ext . sigma beta theta house - backyard - a week later a48 a well - decorate garden pack with frat guy and sorority girl . quick pop of bellas , in unmatch outfit and red scarve , sing '' turn the beat around '' . it be decidedly not awesome . fat amy the bellas love to hear the turn it around , turn it percussion ... around ... quick cut of party - goer . frat guy this make my beer taste bad ! the girl mercifully finish the song to dead silence . close on sbt 's president , howie , stand in the front row , shake he head . ext . sigma beta theta house - front porch - moment later b48 howie herd the girl to the front door . howie I want the hot bellas , not this nonsense . I be not pay for this , aubrey . ( continued ) b48 c48 46 . continued : b48 howie escort the girl out . close on aubrey , fume . ext . sigma beta theta house - STREET - moment later c48 a angry aubrey lead the bellas down the sidewalk . Chloe 's mind be elsewhere . AUBREY I hope you all remember the way you feel right now so you will never want to feel this way again . the bellas gang mutter ' sorry 's , etc . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) and Chloe , you voice do not sound '' aguilerian '' at all . beca how be we gonna pay for regionals ? aubrey stop , take in this hot mess of lady . AUBREY well a ' bikini car wash 's be out of the question ... fat amy I will give up my body for a good cause . AUBREY ( to herself ) think , aubrey , think . ( then ) maybe we could start a sing telegram business . thought , Chloe ? Chloe stare off into space . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) Chloe . for serious ! what be wrong with you ? chloe I have node ! AUBREY what ? oh my God ! the lady all turn to Chloe . a beat . ( continued ) c48 d48 continued : 47 . c48 chloe I just find out this morning . beca what be node ? AUBREY vocal nodule . the rub together of you vocal cord at above - average rate without proper lubrication . chloe they sit on you windpipe and crush you dream . beca be not that painful ? why would you keep perform ? chloe because I love to sing . stacie it 's like when my lady doctor tell I not to have sex for six week and I do it anyway . fat amy you should really listen to you doctor . chloe ( overly -dramatic ) the key be early diagnosis . I be live with node . I be a survivor . I just have to pull back . because I be limited . because I have node . fat amy and the oscar go to ... [ get alt ] ext . on the greens - a week later d48 beca sit on the grass , work on she laptop . jesse walk up , carry a duffle bag . he take a seat and make himself at home . he lay down a bath towel . on it , he put two juice box , a ugly candle , and a can of pringles . beca ( laugh ) what 's all this ? ( continued ) d48 continued : 48 . d48 jesse as much as I love spend time with you stack cd 's . and I do , like , more than life . I think we could do other fun thing that would not make we want to kill ourselves . jesse pull out a stack of dvd 's from he duffle . jesse ( cont 'd ) '' up , '' '' slumdog , '' '' Breakfast Club , '' '' Star Wars , '' and '' Rocky . '' best score and sound - track movie of all time . ( then ) that 's what I want to do when I grow up . score movie . bring people to tear . blow people 's mind . only music can do that . beca 's interest be pique . beca wow . you must sweep you girlfriend off she foot . jesse I do not have a girlfriend . beca ( mock aghast ) what ? but you have juice box and '' Rocky '' ! jesse okay . Fair enough . not all of we can be luke . man that guy look great in a fedora . beca luke get under you skin , huh ? jesse I do not like how much cooler he think he be than I . even if he be , in fact , much cooler than I . ( then , hold up a dvd ) what do you want to watch first ? beca look through the dvd 's and furrow she brow . ( continued ) d48 continued : 49 , ( 2 ) p48 beca umm ... maybe we could do something else like talk about we feeling or go to the gynecologist ? jesse what , you do not like movie ? beca shrug . jesse be beside himself . jesse ( cont 'd ) any movie ? beca I watch a porno at a high school party once . the music be okay if you be big into sax solos -- jesse what be wrong with you ? not like movie be like not like ... shape ! beca I mean , they be fine . but I get bored and never make it to the end . jesse the ending be the best part ! beca hey , you do not have to cry . it 's just they be so predictable . the guy get the girl , the kid see dead people , darth vader be luke 's father ... jesse right . you just happen to guess the biggest reveal in cinematic history . beca vader in german mean father . his name be darth Father . jesse put he dvd 's back into he duffle . jesse huh , you know german . well , now I see why you do not like fun thing . beca smile , pretty pleased with herself . ( continued ) d48 51 50 . continued : ( 3 ) d48 jesse ( cont 'd ) you need a movie education . beca I would have to schedule it around bellas rehearsals which be always . jesse get ready for the riff-off ? beca what the hell 's a riff-off ? omit 48 , a49 , 49 & 50 ext . barden athletic facility - empty pool 51 we pan over a empty swim pool fill with barden 's a cappella group , party . the trebles hold court . a crowd of fan have form around the pool . student scale ladder to get into the pool area . across the pool , jesse join benji . jesse hey , man , here to help out ? benji yep . I be ready to tag in . bumper dude ! you can not be in here . benji ( sing ) I know ! just want to hear myself in the sweet spot . benji climb out . aubrey lead the bellas to they corner . to get everyone 's attention , the BU harmonics make police siren noise . Justin stand next to a huge pinwheel . ( continued ) 51 51 . continued : 51 on the wheel : a handful of varied musical category . '' song about sex '' , '' Ugly lead singer '' , '' lady of the 80s " , '' Hair band '' , '' Christian rock . '' Justin address the room . justin welcome to the riff-off ! we 17th annual sing elimination contest . the win team win the great prize of all . ( hold up a microphone ) the microphone use by hoobastank when they rock out at the schnee perform Arts Center . the crowd go nut . justin ( cont 'd ) to win , you must steal the song away from the group that be sing by pick off a word of they song and make it the first word of yours . if you can not think of a song , you be ... ( clap twice ) cut off . if you repeat a song , you be ... more people clap with Justin . justin / some peeps cut off . justin if you suck , you be ... everyone clap twice . all cut off . cynthia rose this be really intricate . jesse wave to beca . then , he mouth and gesture : jesse I be take you down . ( continued ) 51 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 beca mouth back , '' I do not care . '' justin last year 's icca champion , will you please do the honor . bumper step up and spin the wheel . justin ( cont 'd ) good luck . God , I wish I could do what you do ... okay , the first category of song will be ... Justin abruptly stop the wheel . it 's land on '' lady of the 80s . '' everyone cheer ! bumper immediately start sing Toni basil 's , '' mickey . '' the trebles join he . bumper oh mickey you 're so fine you 're so fine you blow my mind ... BU treblemakers hey , mickey ! hey mickey ! all trebles oh mickey you're so fine -— — the song be quickly steal by barb and the BU harmonics who sing madonna 's , '' like a virgin . '' barb you " re so fine , and you 're mine , I all be you yours till the end of time , cause you made I feel ... BU harmonics yeah you made I feel , shiny and new . like a virgin . hey ! touched for the very first time . like -—- aubrey steal with Pat benatar 's '' hit I with you best shot . '' AUBREY like the one in I . that 's okay let' see how you do it ! put up you duke , let 's get down to it ! bellas hit I with you best shot ! why don 't you hit I with you best shot ! hit I with you best shot , FIRE away -- ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) 51 a member from the High Notes steal with roxette 's '' must have be Love . '' he / she can not help laugh . stoner ( laugh hysterically ) away ! it must have be love ... the high note but it 's over now ! must have be ... love ... stoner but we 're in a swimming pool . I haven't showered today ! the crowd boo . justin all the negative effect of medicinal marijuana , folk . you be ... ( clap twice ) ( clap twice ) cut off ! cut off ! beca ( to Chloe ) you can pick any song that work ? ( off Chloe 's nod ) and you just go with it ... Nice . Justin spin the wheel . this time it land on '' Christian rock . '' barb , baloney boob a bouncin’ , jump in with '' one day . '' barb because / all my life I 've be waiting for I 've be praying for for the people to say that we don ’t wanna fight no more they all be no more war and our child will play / one day / one day / one day / one day / one day / one day the crowd boo . justin '' one day '' by matisyahu . bonus prop for try to sneak a hasidic Jew into the Christian rock category but , you be ... ( clap twice ) cut off ! two group remain ! ( more ) ( continued ) 51 53a . continued : ( 4 ) 51 justin ( cont 'd ) ( out-of-his -mind ) do not just bring it , sing it !! the wheel spin and land on '' song about sex . '' Chloe immediately start to scream sing , rihanna 's , '' S&M . '' ( continued ) 51 54 . continued : ( 5 ) 51 cynthia rose na na na na na come on / cause I may be bad , but I ’m perfectly good at it / sex in the AIR , I don ’t care , I love the smell of it / stick and stone may break my bone but chain and whip excite I ... cynthia rose ( cont ’d ) cause I may be bad but I ’m perfectly good at it / sex -- bumper sing , Salt n pepa 's , '' let 's talk about sex . '' bumper sex baby / let 's talk about you and I / let' talk about all the good thing and the bad thing that may be ... BU treblemakers let 's talk about sex / let' talk about sex / let' talk about sex baby - stacie step up sing boyz ii men 's , '' I will make Love to you . '' angle on : everyone 's reaction . stacie baby all through the night / I all make love to you , when you want I to / and I -- jesse steal with foreigner 's , '' feel like the first time . '' he sing to beca . aubrey roll she eye . jesse I guess it 's just the woman in you , that bring out the man in me/i know I can ’t help myself , you 're all in the world to I ... close on beca , lock in , focus in a way we have not see she around a cappella . she begin mouth word to the song . BU treblemakers it feel like the first time / it feel like the very first time / it -- beca jump in , loud , rapping blackstreet 's '' no diggity . '' ( continued ) 51 55 . continued : ( 6 ) 51 beca it 's go down fade to blackstreet / the homie got rb , collab 's creation / bump like acne , no doubt/ I put it down , never slouch / as long as my credit can vouch/a dog couldn't catch I ass out / tell I who can stop when dre making move / attracting honey like a magnet / giving em eargasms with my mellow accent / still moving this flavour / with the homie blackstreet and teddy / the original rump shaker ... stun by beca 's performance , no one move . beca go deeper into the song ... beca ( cont 'd ) shorty get down , good lord baby got em up OPEN all over town strictly biz , she don ’t play around fat Amy join she . fat amy cover much ground , got game by the pound / getting pay be a forte / each and every day , true player way I can't get her out of my mind ... I think about the girl all the time east side to the west side beca / fat amy / all I like the way you work it I like the way you work it no diggity , I got to bag it up , bag it up / hey yo hey yo hey yo hey ... the lady look at each other , '' that be awesome . '' then , the crowd boo . justin tough blow . the word from the song you need to match be it . you sing it 's . I do not stop you because , and I think I can speak for everyone , I could not believe what I be watch . you be ... ( clap twice ) cut off . Justin raise jesse 's hand . ( continued ) 51 56 . continued : ( 7 ) 51 justin ( cont 'd ) the trebles win ! the crowd applaud as the boy pick up they prize . then , bumper step up to fat Amy . bumper enjoy watch we win the icca as. ( get closer ) on the tv. ( get even closer ) on a regional cable affiliate . as he walk away , fat amy I be gonna break that jag in half . beca turn to this rag-tag group of girl . beca what we just do be great , right ?. AUBREY calm you pit , beca . we still lose . beca yeah , but it be spontaneous . there be no rule . and we be ... aubrey put she hand out , interrupt beca . AUBREY hand in . '' ahhh '' on my count . stacie on three or after three ? cynthia rose fat amy on three . after three . cynthia rose no . it 's one , two , '' ahhh . '' AUBREY that 's not how we do it . beca what about just '' ahhh '' with no count off ? ( continued ) 51 52 57 . continued : ( 8 ) 51 stacie why can not we figure this out ? this debate continue as we transition to ... int . beca 's dorm room - later 52 beca 's at she desk with she headphone on , work on she computer . jesse 's right there , watch she work . beca ( yell ) I find song with the same chord progression and create a track that blend they all together . this be the new baseline , this match up the downbeat and I be talk really loud , be not I ? jesse nod . beca ( cont 'd ) ( kind of shy ) and that 's I sing . jesse take the headphone and listen to beca 's '' mash - up . '' his eye light up , clearly impressed . jesse ( extra loud ) this be really good ! ( be : volume ) now I be yell , right ? beca smile . jesse take off the headphone . jesse ( cont 'd ) how have you know they have go together ? beca shrug . jesse hold up a dvd . jesse ( cont 'd ) I bring this over ' cause I want to watch you watch the end of this movie . then I can die a hero . jesse insert a dvd into he computer and turn off the light . beca and jesse be now light by the screen . ( continued ) 57a . 52 continued : 52 beca you have this habit of make yourself at home , do you know that ? ( continued ) 52 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 52 jesse playfully put a couple of he finger on beca 's mouth . jesse ssssshhhhh . ( then ) '' the Breakfast Club . '' 1985 . greatest end to any movie ever . jesse cue it to the end where simple mind 's '' do not you ( forget about I ) '' play . jesse ( cont 'd ) this song launch simple mind in the U.S . it could have be a billy idol song but he turn it down . dummy . perfectly sum up the movie - equally beautiful and sad . beca wow. amazing . what do judd Nelson like to eat for breakfast ? jesse like all misunderstand rebel , he feed on hypocrisy . and black coffee . help with he morning dump . beca you be a idiot . jesse it 's true . I be full of fun fact . beca you should let other people tell you they be fun . on the screen : we see each character get pick up , and as the song crescendos , John Bender raise a defiant , joyful fist . jesse , so into it , can not help but do a smaller version of it , too . beca look at he , more amused by what he 's do than the movie . he turn to she . jesse you be miss the end . ( continued ) 52 53 59 . continued : ( 3 ) 52 inch away from each other 's face , jesse make a move . freak out , beca shut the laptop . the light come on . angle on : kimmy jin and several korean at the door , hold take - out . kimmy jin ( to Korean friend ) the white girl be back . jesse hang he head . jesse and I be out . as he leave ... jesse ( cont 'd ) always a pleasure , kimmy jin ! jesse exit with several '' excuse I 's '' as he make he way past all of the korean . in leave abruptly , he forget he dvd . beca react , shaking '' what just happen '' off . int . dorm room - day 53 begin time lapse montage / singing telegram sequence : a dorm room with a skeleton on it , open , revealing Cynthia Rose , dress as count chocula . cynthia rose ( sing ) lyric tbd lyric tbd angle on : a couple of student , stare at she blank - face . a door open , revealing lilly , dress in a oversize pilgrim costume . lilly ( sing ) lyric tbd lyric tbd her pilgrim hat - buckle begin to droop over she face . a wreathed door open , revealing stacie , in a barely - there , sexy reindeer costume , with snow fall around she . ( continued ) 53 54 60 . continued : 53 stacie ( weird sing ) lyric tbd lyric tbd angle on : student , not know what to think . a door open , revealing fat Amy , burst out of a too-small pink cupid be costume . beca , also in costume , awkwardly hold a bow and arrow . reverse reveal : it 's for benji and jesse . fat amy / beca ( sing ) lyric tbd lyric tbd end time lapse montage / singing telegram sequence . int . bellas rehearsal room - several day later - evening 54 the bellas rehearse '' turn the beat around . '' Chloe solos . the bellas turn it around ! turn it around ! chloe turn it around ! Chloe miss a high note . aubrey wince as they hit they final pose . the lady look exhaust . fat amy ( out -of -breath ) I should have take that cardio tip more seriously . AUBREY how much have you do ? fat amy you just see it . AUBREY lady , that be better but we have a long way to go before regionals . Chloe , you have to be able to hit that last note . chloe I can not . it 's impossible . because of ... ( continued ) 54 continued : 61 . 54 chloe ( cont 'd ) all my node . you node . AUBREY well if you can not , then someone else need to step up and solo . lilly I think beca should sing it . chloe I too . AUBREY you too , what ? chloe beca should take my solo . fat amy beca could nail that shit ! all but aubrey agree with , '' yeah ! '' and '' do it , AUBREY she would never want to . beca oh , I ’1l1 solo . on one condition . we pick a new song and I get to do the arrangement . bec ! '' a direct challenge to aubrey . the girl shift , uneasy . AUBREY that 's not how we do thing here . chloe aubrey , maybe beca 's right . maybe we should try something new . AUBREY aca-what ?! ( to beca ) you will be sing '' turn the beat around '' and that 's the last I want to hear of this . beca that song 's tired . we will not win with that song . look , if we pull sample from different genre -- ( continued ) 54 55 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 AUBREY let I explain this to you because you still do not seem to understand . we goal be to get back to the final . this song will get we there . so excuse I if I do not take advice from some alt girl with she mad lib beat when she 's never even be in a competition . have I make myself clear ? beca ( a beat ) Crystal . I guess I will not solo . AUBREY Fine . fat Amy ? fat amy ( perk up ) yes , sir ? AUBREY you will solo . fat Amy fist pump , '' yes ! '' then pull a '' air didgeridoo '' out from behind she back and play it . int . campus radio station - a few day later 55 jesse and beca be stack cd 's . luke 's in the booth . we see a physical cat & mouse game : the stacking of CD 's. jesse try to make beca laugh . luke shake he head , '' what dummy 's . '' after a while - jesse ( to beca ) this be get exhaust . luke enter from the booth . luke hey , jesse , I be starve so ... jesse you want I to get you lunch . you should lay off the burger though . ( be : luke 's tight abs ) you will not be twenty - two forever . luke lift he shirt . ( continued ) 55 58 59 63 . continued : 55 luke I think I be good . beca ( " on board '' ) he 's good . he 's real good . jesse look luke in the eye . jesse and the chess match continue . jesse reluctantly go . beca grab a memory stick off the desk and hand it to luke . beca here . this be my latest mix . maybe you 'il play this one ? luke yeah , okay , thanks . I / x11 put it with the other . omit 56 - 57 int . beca 's dorm room - day 58 beca , already dress , stand in front of she mirror . with less make - up on and the jacket cover she tattoo , she look like a '' Bella . '' she remove the spike from she ear . a beat . widen to reveal : kimmy jin and a room full of korean watch a movie with 3 - D glass on . ext . zippy 's burritos - day 59 bumper , Donald , and uni , wear show jacket , exit with big ass burrito and pile into Donald 's car . bumper I could eat this everyday . donald / uni you do . jinx , bitch ! double jinx ! buy I a coke ! Holy crap ! call guinness ! shit ! oh my God !! 59c 63a . ext . kennedy residence hall - later 59 C Donald 's car pull up . guy load onto the trebles '' trick out '' bus . some trebles , include jesse , be already inside when benji jump on board . benji can I hitch a ride ? I would take my car , but ... I do not have one . the trebles just stare at benji . after a beat , jesse get up and gently escort benji off the bus . jesse benji , I be sorry . I think only trebles can ride the bus . it 's pretty much a rule . benji of course . good luck tonight . benji walk away . jesse shake he head , '' poor guy . '' 64 . 60 ext . gas station - same time 60 fat Amy fill up the Bella 's van , while lilly , Cynthia Rose , and beca keep warm inside . fat amy do not you flat butt worry . I get this . my thigh be like Gore - tex . we intercut with the treble 's bus cruise toward the gas station . bumper see fat Amy at the pump . bumper slow down , Donald . bumper lower he window and stick he body halfway out . he hold a wrap burrito in he hand . lilly ( inside the van ) hey , be not that ?-- bumper sabotage ! it pegs she , hard . fat bumper whip the burrito at fat Amy . she Amy fall up against the van and slide down its side . grab at she stomach . fat amy I have be shot ! I think I have be shot ! the lady jump out of the van to tend to fat Amy . the guy react , '' aw , shit ! '' beca turn to find Cynthia Rose try to give fat Amy mouth to mouth . fat amy ( cont 'd ) I be sit up ! I be talk ! you do not need to do that ! fat Amy look down at the mess , smell it , then take a bite . fat amy ( cont 'd ) bumper throw a big ass burrito at I ! ugh ! I will kill he ! I / x11 pick my tooth with he bone ! beca get up . we have to clean you shirt and we do not have much time . lilly put the gas pump back . they barely put in six buck . ( continued ) 60 61 61e 62 65 . continued : 60 fat amy tell no one what you have see today . ( take another bite ) damn . this be delicious . scene 61 have be shot and complete . editorially it 61 have be change to now reflect 59 C int . treblemaker bus - same time 61e the guy applaud bumper 's take -down . bumper oh ! she go down like a tri-delt ! kolio ( to unicycle ) so tri- delt go down ? unicycle oh , I have no idea . they never talk to I . int . van - later 62 the bellas 's van drive down the highway , now with all the lady pack tightly inside . fat Amy drive . aubrey sit shotgun , nervously play with the pitch pipe . beca , sit directly behind fat Amy , notice a little guacamole stick in fat Amy 's ear . beca lean forward and wipe it off . beca you get yourself a little somethin’ somethin’ in there . fat amy back off . it fuel my hate fire . beca laugh , go to put she headphone on , but stop short to enjoy the ride . from the back of the van , Chloe , on earbud , sing Miley Cyrus 's , '' Party in the USA . '' chloe '' ++. I hopped off the plane at lax with a dream and my cardigan ( continued ) 66 . 62 continued : 62 instinctively , Cynthia Rose join she . chloe / cynthia rose welcome to the land of fame excess fat amy woah ... chloe / cynthia rose / fat amy am I gonna fit in ? all except beca jumped in the cab / here I am for the first time / look to my right and I see the hollywood sign / this be all so crazy / everybody seem so famous angle on : beca , '' this be lame . '' all except beca ( cont ’d ) my tummy 's turnin 's and i'm feelin 's kinda home sick / too much pressure and I ’m nervous / that 's when the taxi man turned on the radio the girl sing to beca , nudging she to join . all except beca ( cont ’d ) and a jay-z song be on ! and the jay-z song be on ! beca can not help but join in at the cheesy song . it 's just one of that moment . all the girl sing together , momentarily forget they problem . beca plus all so I put my hand up / they 're playing my song / and the butterflys fly away / noddin 's my head like , yeah moving my hip like , yeah / and I got my hand up / they 're playing my song I know I ’m gonna be okay / yeah , it 's a party in the USA ! yeah , it 's a party in the USA ! suddenly , the van start to putter . AUBREY what the hell ? fat Amy look down at the fuel gauge . ( continued ) 67-68 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 fat amy whoa . we be almost out of gas ? AUBREY that can not be right . you just fill the tank . fat amy then the fuel indication meter must definitely be break . ( cackle nervously ) it 's suggest I do not fill up the tank because of mexican food ! the van come to a stop . fat amy ( cont 'd ) and ... we be out . AUBREY you can not be serious ! fat amy ( more cackle ) haaaaa , hee , oh woop ! what be we gonna do ? chloe you guy . we could call - AUBREY do not even say it , Chloe ! how dare you !? beca say what ? smash CUT to : omit 63 - 65 69 . 66 int . treblemaker bus - later 66 everyone be silent . the trebles sit on one side of the bus , the bellas on the other . lilly sit behind Donald , lean in to he . lilly I set fire to feel joy . donald ( smile , no idea ) that 's terrific . chloe thanks for stop , Donald . donald all good , boo . I be the Driver . jesse motion to beca to come sit next to he by patting he seat . she shake she head , no , and motion to she girl . angle on : bumper in the back of the bus . ( continued ) 66 67 70 . continued : 66 bumper so bellas , glad we could chauffeur you to you latest treble-whipp . what boring , estrogen - fill set have you prepare for we today ? fat amy hey . you be nothing but manwich in a jacket . and I be always hungry . so shut . your. mouth . bumper you be a true woman of class and grace . gentleman , I believe we be in the middle of we warm - up . bumper stand , blow the pitch pipe , and sing to fat Amy ... bumper ( cont 'd ) ( in scale ) you can suck my ball . [ alt : eat my nut ] a beat . fat Amy sing back to bumper in scale . fat amy you can lick my ass . [ alt : lick my can / spread my vegemite ] all on the bus stare at she . fat amy ( cont 'd ) what ? bumper and the trebles jump back into sing they '' ball '' warm - up , alternate with the bellas sing '' ass . '' they try to out warm - up each other as the bus pull into ... ext . CAROLINA university performing art CENTER - night 67 the bus screech into the parking lot , skid to a halt . JOHN ( 0.c . ) the 2012 southeastern Regional competition be officially underway . 70a . a68 int . CAROLINA univ . performing art CENTER - continuous a68 face-paint barden fan hold sign . benji 's already there , hoist a big foam musical note . the entry door open and the trebles and bellas run in , late , and stand in the back . ( continued ) a68 71 . continued : b68 on stage : the sockapellas perform lilly Allen with sock puppet . at a table , gail and John talk to camera . JOHN the sockapella , prove that it do not '' get better '' for everyone after high school . the bellas wait in the back of the theatre , watch the sockapella . fat amy a cappella out of a sock puppet . genius . stacie look at the white one with the black sock . cynthia rose it 's make a statement . AUBREY they be complete idiot . there 's no craft there . watch they will make you worse . beca at least they be different . AUBREY hand in ... the bellas sloppily put they hand in . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) remember . '' ahhh '' on three . one , two ... most lady / fat amy / stacie ahhh !/ a1ll of we ?/ on three . cynthia rose ( after three ) ahhh ! aubrey react , '' I give up . '' ( continued ) a68 continued : 72 . ( 2 ) a68 emcee let 's give it up for the barden bellas ! the bellas run onstage . John and gail react , shocked . on stage : JOHN wow . this do not look like the fresh - face and nubile bellas we know . gail you be walk the line , John . what a nice surprise to see they mixing thing up . it 's refresh yet aesthetically displease to the eye . aubrey , at the mic , blow the pitch pipe and count off . bellas begin '' the sign '' with Chloe step forward . chloe ramboon na boo yeah !/ I , I gotta new life , you would hardly recognize I , I ’m so glad ... ( song continue ) JOHN ( 0.c . ) well this recruiting free-for- all have get to be a direct result of '' vomitgate '' from last year . chloe it 's enough , enough . bellas oo-oo0000h ! chloe it 's enough to know that I ... aubrey take over the mic , and the solo . AUBREY under the pale moon / for so many year i've wondered who you be / how could a person like you bring I joy ? ( continued ) a68 73 . continued : ( 3 ) 68 gail ( 0.c ) all eye be on senior aubrey posen . her voice be in rare form but she could blow at any moment . AUBREY under the pale moon where I see a lot of star / it 's enough to know / I saw the sign and it opened up my eye I saw the sign ... gail she hold on to she lunch , folk . but there 's a lot of song leave ... quick to : back of theatre . jesse pull back the curtain and watch beca . bumper tap he on the shoulder . bumper never see a train wreck before ? aubrey stay at the mic , and the lady transition to the bangle , '' eternal flame . '' they sound very pretty , but there 's still no '' wow '' factor . chloe be it burning , a eternal flame ... backstage with Donald and uni ... donald aubrey sound pretty good . unicycle I guess . I be not really into hot chick with talent . the bellas transition to they final song . the now familiar '' turn the beat around '' kick in . fat Amy take the solo . fat amy turn the beat around / love to hear the percussion ! / turn it upside down love to hear the percussion ... fat Amy sing strongly , while the rest of the girl back she up . the girl dance be a little cheesy but they sell it . JOHN if I close my eye and imagine they as what they use to look like , I would say they be do a okay job . ( continued ) a68 74 . continued : ( 4 ) 68 the performance seem like its peak , until fat Amy suddenly let loose , dance she ass off , play with the crowd . the song end and everyone love it . as bellas hit they final pose , even aubrey can not help a little smile . the bellas run off stage . back to gail and John . gail the barden bellas go deep into the archive for that song . I remember sing it with my own a capella group twenty -- ten year ago . JOHN and what be the group you perform with , gail ? gail the minstrel cycle , John . emcee lady and gentleman . barden U 's treblemakers . the light go all the way down . in black : the trebles start they arrangement to flo rida 's , '' right round . '' bumper you spin my head right round ... the choreography be ridiculously silly . beca look on , amused at jesse 's performance . aubrey clock this , again . JOHN the bad boy of a cappella just get a little badder . gail they sure do , John . I might have to excuse myself to freshen up the downtown . benji , in the audience , be enthralled . ( continued ) a68 68 69 continued : ( 5 ) benji ( eye wet ) happy tear !! omit int . lobby - performing art CENTER - post show 75-78 . b68 68 69 patron filter out of the theatre while the tone 's sing T - pain 's '' bootywork . '' tone hanger now let I see the booty wurk , booty wurk / booty boo boo booty work / left cheek , right cheek , left cheek , right cheek . the trebles burst onto the scene . bumper be hold the lst place trophy over he head . the bellas be not far behind . the trebles be loud and celebratory and ultimately interrupt the tone 's performance . bumper when be you clown go to quit pretend you be in college and get a life ? donald yeah ! that 's what we call a ... ( cupping mouth , mock ) sonic . boom . faison face off with Donald . faison hey , just because we have graduate do not mean we can not still get off perform we oral magic . joe lo truglio ( point ) and do not think we do not know what you do to we van ! angle on : just outside the lobby , the tone van be park in the street . it 's be turn into the scooby - doo '' mystery Machine . '' bumper a lot of '' do not '' in that sentence . ( then to Jason ) ( more ) ( continued ) 69 75-78a . continued : 69 bumper ( cont 'd ) sound like you wife on you birthday . jason jone be you look for what I think you be look for ? joe lo truglio fight ! fight ! bumper hand the trophy over to jesse . the bellas and member of other group gather to watch this unfold . bumper io ... ( realize Jason 's size ) .«.. would but I pull a quad during we performance ... but if I do fight you , I would ... bumper go to '' punch '' Jason but stop just short of actually hit he . bumper ( cont 'd ) oh ! that be a kill shot ! jason I would beat the talent out of you but I respect the icca 's too much to taint the floor with you blood ... but if I do I would - Jason do the same '' near-miss '' swing at bumper 's head . jason ( cont 'd ) arrr ! right to the e.r. for reconstructive head surgery ! angle on : joe , taunting jesse . joe lo truglio hey , you , hit I ! hit I ! jesse I be not go to hit you , dude . joe lo truglio C ’mon , nancy boy ! hit I ! I want to feel something ! donald faison step to Donald and poke he in the shoulder . ( continued ) 69 75-78b . continued : ( 2 ) 69 faison we do this ? huh ? this be for America . for 9- 11 ! donald be you for real ? I be indian . Donald poke he back . faison well , I hate curry ! and you glass ! angle on : har mar step up to stacie . har mar how 's it go , foxy moxy ? wanna see something sexy ? he lift up he shirt and rub he belly . stacie I like you confidence but do not like you face or body . I be not sure how to play this . angle on : fat Amy watch it all go down . she be desperately try not to jump in on the action . fat amy ( to aubrey and Chloe ) if I get in there , there 's go to be dork part catch in the storm drain of this street for month . Chloe put she hand on fat Amy , '' you be not go anywhere . '' angle on : the two donald . not want to actually fight , they just grapple with each other , move back and forth . it look like intense dance . faison seriously , I can not hit you if you do not take off you glass ! donald I be not just make a style - statement , this be prescription ! faison well , then you better keep they on so you can see I punch you . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 75-78c . continued : ( 3 ) 69 faison ( cont 'd ) except I can not punch you if you keep they on ! donald classic catch -22 ! they continue . Jason take bumper down in a head lock . Joe get in jesse 's face . uni ride around in circle . gail interview sock . it 's chaos . angle on : the bellas , watch . some in horror . some confuse . chloe aubrey , should we try to stop they ? cynthia rose they be we ride . AUBREY no . the enemy of my enemy be my friend . beca I do not think anyone 's actually fight ? fat Amy make she way to joe . joe , really start to lose it , taunt jesse , uni , kolio , and any of the other trebles to go after he . joe lo truglio hit I anywhere ! I do not care ! ( be : he chest ) right in the bread basket ! make it worth it ! back with bumper and jason , now wrestle on the ground . jason you remind I of I when I be you age ! bumper I be nothing like you ... be I ? back with har mar and stacie : har mar you can not resist this . right now , the '' danger '' be send blood straight to you woo-woo . ( continued ) 69 75-78d . continued : ( 4 ) 69 har Mar put stacie 's hand on he belly . stacie smile . stacie you be so confusing to I . be we both get lucky , little man ? har mar just stick he tongue out suggestively . after a beat , stacie make tongue swirl as well . angle on : joe rip open he shirt . joe lo truglio I have be unemployed since the Bush administration , and be live out of that van . I deserve it ! I be spiritually numb . give it to I ! to settle he down , jesse finally half - punch Joe . jesse ok , there you go , guy . joe , loving it , grab the treble trophy and whip it around like a obsessed man . joe lo truglio yes ! now hit I with the trophy ! use the sharp part ! jesse stand there , speechless . fat Amy , unable to help herself , charge at joe and grab the trophy . beca go after she . fat amy the kracken have be unleash ! beca oh boy . she go to hit joe with the trophy . beca lunge for she , grab part of the trophy . beca ( cont 'd ) noooo ! stop ! let go ! beca and fat Amy push and pull on the trophy . finally fat Amy let go . by do so , beca can not help but jerk the trophy back . a piece of it fly off , smash the lobby window ! everyone look on , stunne . a police officer happen to be tickete the tone van right outside . when the window smashes , he look up , right at beca . ( continued ) 75-78e . 69 continued : ( 5 ) 69 beca be stand there red-hand . everyone else comically dart in every direction . 79 . 70 ext . police station - late night 70 a proud beca walk down the step of the Police Station . jesse be there , wait with arm wide open . jesse hey hillary swank in million dollar baby . beca you just have to say '' million dollar baby . '' you do not have to reference the actress . jesse I want to make sure you get it . beca thanks for bail I out . jesse I do not . jesse stop , gesture down the way . angle on : dr . mitchell , stand outside of he car . beca do a 180 . beca you call my dad ?! why ?! jesse they put you in handcuffs , bec . it look pretty serious -- beca that do not mean you call my dad ! ( continued ) 70 continued : jesse what , do you have another parent I do not know about ? ( then , confuse ) why be you yell at I ? I be the only one here . beca I do not ask you to be . jesse react , stunne . jesse I be try to help . beca I do not want you help . you be not my boyfriend ! beca start walk toward Dr. Mitchell . jesse jesse yeah , you have make that very clear . beca ( to Dr. Mitchell ) dad , it 's not a big deal -- dr . mitchell it be a big deal . I get a call in the middle of the night tell I my only daughter get arrest for destruction of property ! beca it be a misunderstanding . I be protect my friend ! put myself out there ! '' make memory '' ! dr . mitchell if you think I be pay for you to live in LA after you pull a stunt like this ? well , I be not . get in the car . beca wait , do not you want to listen to what I have to say ? dr . mitchell not tonight I do not . 80 . 70 follow . ( continued ) 70 71 72 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 70 beca shoot jesse dagger . dr . mitchell ( cont ’d ) jesse get shotgun . omit 71 int . beca 's dorm room - night 72 the bellas and kimmy jin be already there when a defeat beca enter . fat amy do they spray you with a hose ? cynthia rose find yourself a bitch ? lilly I do a turn at county . beca ( touch ) you wait up for I ? chloe of course we wait up for you . angle on : beca , clearly move by this gesture . kimmy jin ( get up ) they have be here for hour . it 's a real inconvenience , beca . kimmy jin exit . aubrey blow the pitch pipe . AUBREY I be call a emergency Bella - meeting . beca roll she eye as the girl gather . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) first up ? we score sheet reveal that the sockappella almost beat we . we need to bust we ass if we be go to make it to the final . ( continued ) 72 82 . continued : 72 beca or try a new approach ... AUBREY enough with that , beca . beca wait , listen , the reason why we almost lose to sock puppet be because they take a risk . be good be not enough to win . cynthia rose beca 's right . the trebles never sing the same song twice . beca the audience love the trebles . they tolerate we . aubrey , we could seriously change the face of a cappella if you would just let I teach you my music ! ( hearing herself ) that sound so queerball . subtle nod can be see amongst the girl as beca move to she workstation and turn on she computer , keyboard , etc ... beca ( cont 'd ) look , I have be work on this arrangement ... she start play the keyboard , and multi-task with she equipment . the music play and the song get more and more layer . chloe I do not know you be into all this . the rest react , intriqued . finally , aubrey snap becam computer screen shut . AUBREY you have cause enough distraction for one night . JI have the pitch pipe , and I say we focus on the set list . ( to group , forceful ) from now on , we eat , sleep , and pee rehearsal . no more waste we time with work , school , boyfriend ... ( more ) ( continued ) 72 73 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) ( look to Cynthia Rose ) sorry , Cynthia Rose . partner . Cynthia Rose react , confuse . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) last year we be the first all - female group to get to the final . I promise you that I 'il get we back there again . chloe I do not know . maybe beca -- aubrey hold up the ' Zip it 's gesture . Chloe cower . AUBREY let 's get start . aubrey march out the door . the rest of the lady follow she out . beca just stand there , frustrated . int . campus radio station - deejay booth - several day later luke be in the booth . jesse be busy , work on the second level . over the PA , we can hear beca 's music . beca , dress in she performance attire , run in , super - psyched ! beca Holy crap , it 's my song ! luke , unable to hear she , step out of the booth . beca ( cont ’d ) you be finally play it ! luke ( point up , be : music ) tight beat . jesse I have always think she beat be tight . beca and luke loop up to jesse on the second level . then : luke this be a killer vocal track . the deejay at '' the garage '' do a brilliant mix of this song as well but yours be better . ( continued ) 83a . 73 continued : 73 beca ( cocky ) yeah it be . luke I be go to hear she play tonight . you should come with and check she out . beca ugh , I can not . I have this thing . luke take in beca 's outfit . luke Flight attendant training ? beca ( smile , sarcastic ) yeah , it 's a three - year program . I learn how to distribute pretzel and wave goodbye . ( then ) no , I be a barden Bella . tonight 's the semi-finals . luke really ? I would have never pin you as one of that a cappella girl . jesse that 's ' cause you do not know Becky like I do . ( continued ) 84 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 jesse get up and walk past beca . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( to beca ) see you tonight . 74 int . barden U. performing art CENTER - semi - final - night / 4 on stage : the co-e group , the footnote , be on stage , in vest . a pint-size freshman prodigy , timothy , have the mic and rock out to the Jackson 5 's , '' blame it on the boogie . '' timothy blame it on the boogie / blame it on the boogie ... the bellas watch from the wing next to benji , who wear a p.a. 's headset and a barden perform Arts Center jacket . benji five minute , bellas . the lady be captivate by timothy 's performance . stacie where do he come from ? fat amy it 's over . the season 's over . we can not beat the footnote and the trebles . cynthia rose wonder where they get they vest make ? aubrey turn to beca , who look like she 's hatching a plan . she rally the troops . AUBREY aca-huddle ! now ! the top two team go to the final . we just have to beat one of they . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 85 . continued : 74 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) if we do it exactly as we rehearse , we will get there . ( to beca ) exactly . as the footnote finish perform , timothy bow several time . backstage : the lady circle up to do '' hand in . '' it 's still a struggle . gail ( 0.c . ) that little peanut can sing ! JOHN ( 0.c . ) he sure can . sound like he boy have not drop , if you know what I mean . gail if you mean he testicles , then yes . yes I do , John . we all do . the barden bellas be up next . as the bellas take the stage , angle on : beca , look out into the audience . the lady begin '' the sign . '' chloe ramboon na boo yeah !/ I , I gotta new life , you would hardly recognize ... JOHN and in true Bella style the lady be stick with what they know . AUBREY and it opened up my eye ... beca 's eye bounce from the low - energy audience , to the judge , to the audience . finally , she make a decision . from the back of the line and much to the bellas 's surprise , beca pipe in with La roux 's , '' bulletproof . '' it match perfectly . aubrey shoot she a look . JOHN / gail whoa . / boom ! gail this . is. different . beca 's '' mash - up '' revitalize the audience . the judge lean forward . angle on : luke , impressed . it 's awesome , until flustered , aubrey flub up a little choreography . ( continued ) 74 75 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 74 JOHN you know , it 's so important at this competition to remember that it 's just a friendly collegiate contest and we be all just out here to have fun . gail so true , John . but a misstep here can haunt you for the rest of you life and affect you child . int . backstage hallway - post bellas performance 75 the trebles sit around , goof off , as the next group can be hear on stage . a beat . a obviously upset aubrey fling the backstage door open . the rest of the bellas amble in behind she . AUBREY what the hell , beca , be you try to screw we up ? beca be you serious ? the trebles , include jesse , stop to listen . AUBREY this be not the beca show ! beca hey , in case you have not notice everyone pretty much doze off during we set ! AUBREY it 's not up to you to decide what we do and when we do it . why do not you ask the rest of the group how they feel about you little improvisation ? the gang shuffles awkwardly for a beat , say nothing . beca ( frustrated ) fat Amy ? ( continued ) 75 87 . continued : 75 fat amy I mean , it be cool and all , but ... I guess it sorta take we a little by surprise . the other girl mumble reluctant agreement . AUBREY a lot by surprise . ( to Chloe ) I tell you she be not a Bella . chloe aubrey , do not -- beca it 's okay , Chloe . I mean ... ( sarcastic ) you do not actually think you have a say in the group , do you ? AUBREY you attitude suck , you be a grade - a pain in the ass , and I know you be hook up with jesse ! hear he name , jesse cross over and chime in . jesse aubrey , calm down . she 's not . I swear . beca God , jesse ! you be always try to help I ! I do not need help ! just get out of my face ! jesse throw he hand up in the air , '' I be do . '' benji enter from backstage . benji trebles ? time to bring the pain . the trebles head for the door , save for bumper . beca look at aubrey and the lady . there 's a sense that it 's they versus she . beca ( break down ) man , this be what I get for try ! you know what ? I be do . ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 beca tear off she scarf and go . angle on : bumper , who start a slow movie-clap . bumper now that be a performance . fat amy oh , I will eat you . int . backstage scene dock - moment later 76 a upset beca blow past benji . benji beca ? benji start to follow but stop when he notice timothy be pick up by he mom . benji clock the mom 's tote bag that read : my child be a honor student at JFK high school . int . beca 's dorm room - later 77 beca , still dress as a Bella , enter to find a bunch of korean play Wii on kimmy 's bed . she catch sight of herself in she closet mirror , and make a decision . she take out she phone and send a text , close she closet door . the closet door open to reveal beca , now dress to the nine . behind she , even more korean play animated Wii in the middle of she room . beca duck around they and out the door . ext . club - the garage - night 78 luke be there wait with a bouncer . luke everything okay ? ( continued ) 89 . 78 continued : 78 beca ( a little emotional ) I be so do with that girl . luke nod , then turn to the bouncer . luke she 's with I . CUT to : 7t8a int . garage - lounge area 7t8a luke and beca stand close to each other , hold beer . beca ( over the music ) I can not believe how much time I waste on that silly a cappella shit ! luke maybe it 's good you be do with that . beca ( be : dj booth ) yeah , I would rather be up there anyway . this music be dope ! luke yeah , right ? you have good taste . beca ( blush ) thanks . luke pick up on beca 's energy and realize he need to say something he lead beca across the floor and wave up to dj cd who flirt back . beca ( cont 'd ) you know she ? luke yeah , she 's my girlfriend . I be sure I mention she before . beca no . ( continued ) 78 a continued : 890 . 78 a they take seat in the lounge , off the dance floor . beca 's deflate . luke take this in . then : a beat . luke hey , spring break , at the station , take the night shift . play you own stuff . whatever you want . the place be all yours , Becky . beca thanks . you know my name 's actually beca . luke what ? beca my name . it 's beca . not Becky . luke that 's weird . why do not you say anything ? beca I really do not know . a awkward beat between they . beca ( cont ’d ) hey , why have you finally decide to play my music ? luke I listen to it , and I think it be solid . ( a beat ) plus , jesse would not stop bother I about it . that kid be relentless . beca take this in , '' jesse . '' luke ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to the booth ) alright , I be gonna go hang . you can take care of yourself for a bit , yeah ? beca oh , uh , sure . I be good . ( continued ) 78 a 79 a80 89b . continued : ( 2 ) 78a luke head for the booth where he kiss dj cj . push in on beca , once again all alone . omit 79 int . rehearsal space - barden university - continuous a80 aubrey , stone -face , eye the '' final rehearsal plan '' that hang on the wall . a beat . then , she rip it down , hit the light and exit , slamm the door behind she . b80 c80 d80 80 81 84 85 90 . int . beca 's dorm room : b80 kimmy jin exit with beach gear . beca watch out she window as car pull away for spring break . kimmy jin get in one with a bunch of friend and drive off , leave beca by herself . ext . barden university - various - spring break c80 empty shot of campus . the school be desert . ext . radio station : d80 beca arrive to a empty station . radio station booth : 80 beca enter the booth and sit at the console . a cappella headquarters : 81 benji , envelope in hand , knock on a door mark '' i.c.c.a. : International championship of collegiate a capella . '' omit 82 & 83 jesse's childhood home : 84 jesse enter to he parent 's embrace , regionals trophy in hand . jesse look clearly depressed . they will not let go . radio station booth : 85 beca 's alone at the console , surprisingly unsatisfy . she thumb through a binder full of CD 's and land on the soundtrack to '' the Breakfast Club . '' close on beca , the wheel turn . 86 87 88 89 90 gl . beca 's dorm room - night 86 beca , fight back tear , wear she headphone . angle on : her computer . it 's the end to '' the Breakfast Club . '' int . timothy's home / live room - same time 87 timothy , from the footnote , enter . his jaw drop . from timothy's Pov : gail , look authoritative , sit next to timothy 's mother . close on : timothy . oh , shit . int . gym - continuous 88 aubrey work out and read , '' the Seven Habits of highly effective people . '' her cell ring . she answer it . AUBREY this be aubrey posen . aubrey get the good news and remain poise . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) thank you , sir . I look forward to see you again at lincoln Center . she hang up and then jump up and down . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) hellllll yessssssss !!!! close up 89 on a cell phone buzzing . a hand pick it up . we see Chloe lie in a hospital bed , read a text . she cry like she 's at a funeral . the heart monitor she 's connect to beep faster . close up 90 on a vibrate cell phone in the arm of a inflatable pool raft . a hand pick it up . wide to reveal : fat Amy , lie on the raft , totally chill , surround by hot guy and girl in a clearly exotic locale . fat amy Zaut alor ! 91 92 93 94 95 92 . omit 91 close up 92 on a cell phone be pull out of a pair of tight jeans . reveal : lilly , in a parking garage , watch a '' Rap Battle . '' she put she finger to she ear to listen . close up 93 on a vibrate cell phone rest on a poker table . reveal : Cynthia Rose play poker in a underground poker game . she read the text , then move a large pile of chip . cynthia rose I be all in . close up 94 on a text come through on beca 's cell phone . we see beca with she headphone on , surround by all the movie jesse have mention . int . bellas rehearsal room - post spring break 95 the lady slap high fives and give congratulation . fat Amy pick everyone up , squeezing each girl a little too hard . AUBREY the aca -god have look down on we and give we a second chance . fat amy shalom ! AUBREY let 's get work . ( continued ) 95 96 aq7 continued : chloe ( chest out ) I texted beca . AUBREY you do what ?! chloe she make we better . AUBREY that 's not a opinion for you to have , Chloe . chloe why ? because it 's different than yours ? you be not always right , you know . the lady react , sense the tension . fat amy so what now ? AUBREY we win without she . aubrey blow the pitch pipe and we CUT to : ext . jesse and benji 's dorm - hallway - same beca knock on the door . beca jesse , I know you be in there . I can smell the popcorn . ext . jesse and benji 's dorm - same time 93 . 95 time 96 aq7 jesse , alone , lay on he bed , watch a movie . beca jesse , c’mon . open the door . he begrudgingly get up and open the door . beca ( cont ’d ) I have be try to call you . I leave you a bunch of message . ( continued ) aq7 94 . continued : a97 jesse ( try to stay strong ) yeah . I get they '. a awkward beat . beca I be sorry we fight . I be mad and I overreact . it 's just , aubrey drive I -- jesse -- seriously ? you think I be mad you yell at I ? beca I know -- jesse no you do not know . you think you know , but you do not . you push away anyone who could possibly care about you . why be that ? beca react , hurt , but take this in . beca ( shrug , quietly ) I do not know . jesse well , you better go figure it out , because I be do with ( gesture to the two of they ) whatever this be . beca jesse -- jesse done ! jesse close the door on beca , leave she in the hall . just then , benji come out of a box full of sword . jesse grab he jacket . benji Word . jesse yeah . 97 95 . int . treble house - later 97 the trebles be there , hang out in the hot tub . it 's a tight fit and not gay in any way . donald who do you think would make a better dad ? Captain America or a great white shark ? bumper enter . bumper trebles , listen up . donald if this be about the bellas get into the final , we already know . bumper I do not give a crap about that bitch . I be be bring up to the musical big league . jesse enter . bumper ( cont 'd ) I just get ask to sing back - up on the new John mayer album . I leave tomorrow for Los Angeles . kolio but , dude , what about the icca 's ? they be this weekend . bumper sorry , buddy . I win that shit like a hundred time . I be out of here . I gotta go buy myself a collarless leather jacket . bumper stride out . unicycle get work up . unicycle bumper 's a jerk . there , I say it ! donald well , we need to replace that jerk . pronto dente . jesse get a idea . 98 a99 99 96 . int . jesse and benji 's dorm room - moment later 98 benji stand in front of he mirror . he snap he finger and make a dove appear from underneath a handkerchief . jesse enter , all smile , and hold up a brown hood . it stop benji in he track . jesse a spot open up , and it 's yours if you want it . benji 's eye well up with tear . jesse ( cont 'd ) just one condition . promise I you will not get all weird . we be just a group of guy sing cover of song . if you be weird , they will not let you stay . benji deal . although I be not so sure what you mean by weird . the dove land on he shoulder . benji ( cont 'd ) get it . omit a99 int . bellas rehearsal room - several hour later 99 the lady look frustrated and tired . aubrey be on a tear . AUBREY what be happen to we ? Chloe , you sound like you smoke three pack a day . stacie , you be behind on the choreography . and jessica and Ashley , it 's like you have not even be around all year ! jessica and Ashley , who we have barely see , look at each other and shrug . fat amy aubrey , give we a break . it 's not the same when we be not all here . ( continued ) 99 a100 100 97 . continued : 99 cynthia rose we need beca . chloe maybe if aubrey loosen up the rein -- AUBREY shut it , Chloe ! stacie whoa . AUBREY I be sorry . that be rude . Chloe , could you please get you head out of you ass ? it 's not a hat . fat amy awww , dip ! ext . dr . mitchell 's house - next morning a100 beca knock on a door . it open , revealing Dr. Mitchell . beca I need you . he smile . we jump CUT to : int . breakfast NOOK - later 100 beca no one 's more surprised than I , but I like that weirdo . Dr. Mitchell get up to freshen he coffee . dr . mitchell and you think quit be the answer ? after you make a commitment to they ? beca oh , you be go to talk to I about the sanctity of commitment ? dr . mitchell c'mon , bec . that 's unfair . a beat . ( continued ) 100 continued : Dr. mitche this hit beca put beca nod , 98 . 100 beca you leave we . me. dr . mitchell ( nod , own it ) I do . not my finest moment . but I try to call you . I even learn how to text , but you just shut I out . beca yeah , well , I pretty much shut the whole world out . do not take it personally . 1l smile . she 's let he in . beca ( cont ’d ) sometimes it 's just easier . dr . mitchell but it 's also really lonely . beca . dr . mitchell ( cont ’d ) look , you mom and I ... we do not work . so I make a really hard decision . but beca , leave you be one of the saddest day of my life . I should have ... ( shake head ) well , I be try to make up for it now . which be probably why I have be so stingy about you go to LA . so if that 's what you still want , I 'il support you . she head in she hand . beca what do I do ? dr . mitchell that 's up to you . this be one of that hard decision . but , speak from personal experience , if you be go to leave something you care about behind , make sure you do it the right way . " okay . " ( continued ) 100 101 continued : 99 . ( 2 ) 100 dr . mitchell ( cont ’d ) you know I be proud of you , right ? beca proud ? of I ? dr . mitchell yes , proud of you , ya weirdo . a beat . beca do we have to hug now ? dr . mitchell yes . yes we do . they hug . beca , grateful to have she dad use both arm . int . bellas rehearsal room - later 101 the lady be still in the middle of a heat argument . aubrey rec fat amy I join this group so I could hang with a bunch of broad I think I could trust . but this be some horseshit . I do not want to be like that girl on the wall . cynthia rose yeah ! I want to be who we be now . lilly I too ! chloe we should have listen to beca . AUBREY oh , so it 's my fault . chloe no , that 's not what I be say -- AUBREY well that 's what you be all think , right ? I be the jerk . the girl obsessed with win ! oil and cover she mouth . ( continued ) 101 100 . continued : 101 chloe you be too control , aubrey ! it 's ruin we ! AUBREY hey , I can lose control if I want to ! I can let go ! this time I be not go to choke it down ! aubrey put she hand on she stomach and dig deep . stacie be there before -- wait , what be you talk about ? cynthia rose I think she 's gonna hurl ! AUBREY here it come ! aubrey hurl all over the floor . a beat of shock . chloe we could be champion !! the hurl last for a crazy long period of time , most of it dry . aubrey 's body convulse . a beat . then , Chloe lunge for the pitch pipe in aubrey 's hand . chloe ( cont 'd ) give I the pipe , you bitch ! AUBREY never ! fat Amy try to break they up by pick up aubrey . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) let go of I , butterball ! fat amy now you must die ! fat Amy manhandle aubrey . lilly jump on fat Amy 's back and mumble . Cynthia Rose turn to stacie . cynthia rose do not worry . I x11 protect you . she put she hand directly on stacie 's breast . stacie pull out she barden rape whistle and blow it . ( continued ) 101 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 cynthia rose ( cont ’d ) no ! false alarm ! nobody like that ! Cynthia Rose tackle stacie , try to pull the whistle from she mouth . the rest of the lady jump in , wrestle without hit . it 's complete mayhem . beca ( 0.c. ) guy ! guy ! guy , stop ! they all freeze then turn to find beca stand at the door . beca ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's go on in here ? AUBREY nothing . ( wiping vomit off herself ) this be a bellas rehearsal . beca I know ... beca step in the room as the lady regroup . beca ( cont 'd ) okay , here go . I blow it . what I do be a dick move . I should never have change up we set without ask the group , and I should never have walk out . I let you guy down , and I be sorry . aubrey , if you will have I , I want back in . all eye on a stone - face aubrey . beca turn to leave , then look back . nothing . as she walk , she grab a chair and scrape it across the floor . right before she exit ... AUBREY wait . beca turn around . beca thank you . that would have be embarrassing . AUBREY I know I have be hard on you , beca . on everybody . but I be my father 's daughter . ( more ) ( continued ) 101 102 . continued : ( 3 ) 101 AUBREY ( cont 'd ) and he always say , '' if at first you do not succeed , pack you bag . '' the lady react , '' that 's rough . '' beca I get it . mine get on I , too . AUBREY I get scared . there 's so many of you and Chloe be ... um ... chloe I do not know if you guy know this but I can be emotionally unstable ! beca yeah , I would have guess that . but there 's other stuff about you that I do not know . about any of you really ? the lady look around , '' do we ? '' stacie stand . stacie well I x11 share something about myself that none of you know . everyone perk up , interested . stacie ( cont 'd ) I have a lot of sex . fat amy no duh , stacie . [ alt : uh doi ] beca wait , this be a good idea . that be a terrible example but a good idea . let 's go around the room . everyone say something about yourself that no one know . Cynthia Rose stand . cynthia rose okay , I have something . this be hard for I to admit to you guy . fat amy I think we know where this be go . ( continued ) 101 103 . continued : ( 4 ) 101 cynthia rose for the last two year ... I ... have have a serious gambling problem . all ( genuinely shocked ) what ?! cynthia rose it start when I break up with my girlfriend . fat amy there it be ! lilly I eat my twin in the womb . they all react , pretty sure they hear she but pretend they do not . beca okay , I will go . I ... be nominate for a tony when I be twelve . [ several alt ] the lady applaud . aubrey stand , close she eye and blurt out -- AUBREY I have be in love with unicycle for four year now . all what ?! AUBREY I never act on it because of the oath . but I have want he ever since we meet at clown Camp . beca aubrey ! you and uni should be together if that 'il make you happy . and forget that stupid oath . AUBREY but -- chloe aubrey . let it go . aubrey nod , sit next to Chloe and mouth , '' I be sorry . '' ( continued ) 104 . 101 continued : ( 5 ) 101 beca fat Amy ? fat amy I be a open book . for God sake , you all call I fat Amy . if I be not be honest , I be not live . ( then , a beat ) my real name be fat Patricia . chloe ( stand , overly dramatic ) my turn . over spring break , I make the courageous decision to remove my node . the doctor tell I I can not sing for five week . all what ?! chloe ( break down ) I think . the season . be over . aubrey look around the room . AUBREY fubar . it 's time for the nuclear option . beca ? ( be : lady ) how be we do this ? aubrey hand beca the pitch pipe . beca beam . beca ( be : puke ) okay , but not here . 102 int . empty swimming pool - later 102 the lady stand inside the empty swim pool . beca lead they . beca we be go to remix this shit . aubrey , pick a song . AUBREY bruno Mars , '' just the Way you be . '' ( continued ) 102 105 . continued : 102 beca bruno Mars . okay . tricky , but I can do it . beca blow the pitch pipe . she conduct the group , have each lady use they mouth to sing the instrument . she point to aubrey to sing the lyric . after a couple of verse , beca jump in sing nelly 's '' just a dream . '' it mash up , perfectly and they sound better than ever . in the moment , the lady improvise downbeat , counterbeat , foot stomping , etc ... the song end , ringing out of the pool . a beat . AUBREY hand in ! ten fist meet in the middle of the huddle . the bellas one , two -- they do it right for the first time . all chloe ( mariah carey - type note ) ( Barry White - type note ) ahhh ! ahhhh ! fat amy what be that ? chloe I do not know . I have never make a sound like that before . cynthia rose with you mess up vocal chord , you can hit the lower register ! AUBREY do you know what that mean ? lilly raise she hand . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) yes , lilly . they all lean in . lilly I think I have something that can help we . ( continued ) 102 103 104 106 . continued : ( 2 ) 102 the acoustic of the pool allow lilly to be clearly hear for the first time . lilly smile , proud . fat amy geez bitch , you do not have to shout ! ext . / int . lincoln CENTER - the icca final - night 103 on stage , the bedfellow perform , '' final countdown . '' bedfellow it 's the final countdown ! hullabahoos ( cont ’d ) JOHN ( v.0 ) dah -na - nah-nah/da -nah -nah - nah - welcome to the final of the nah ... ( song continue ) 2012 International championship of collegiate a cappella . we see a sell out audience . dr . mitchell and he nebbishy wife , sheila , happily take they seat . in the orchestra pit , gail and John be in rare form . JOHN if you cut through all the '' aca '' politics , the final at lincoln Center be a beautiful thing . be not that right , gail ? gail John . if be correct be a crime , I have visit you on death row . int . backstage - continuous 104 the camera pan across other a cappella group warming up . [ GREEN envy , glissando ...] . as the trebles make they way to place , jesse pass beca . beca good luck , jess . jesse do not turn around , ignore she . bedfellow ( 0.c. ) the final countdowwwwwwn ! the audience cheer and the bedfellow exit . the trebles run on stage . jesse play the iphone pitch pipe and they begin with flo rida 's '' right round . '' it 's very entertaining . ( continued ) 104 105 107 . continued : 104 BU treblemakers you spin my head right round , right round / when you go down , when you go down down ... ( song continue ) the audience love it . angle on : a girl in the audience , fainting . transition to : the trebles sing the Cars , '' Magic . '' the trebles oh oh it 's magic / oh oh it 's true ... within the song , benji step forward and pull a dove out of he jacket . then , make it disappear again . jesse step up . jesse «++. but I bet you didn ’t think that they would come crashing down ... at some point , Donald change the downbeat . trebles ( a la Britney Spears ) hit I baby one more time -- Donald shift it back into '' Cry me.. . '' jesse vocally improvise around the chorus . jesse cry I a river-er / cry I a ... the place go bananas . int . backstage of lincoln CENTER - continuous 105 beca peek through the curtain , see kimmy jin and a large group of korean . beca scan the audience , spot she dad with Sheila , smile , and take she place within the bellas . beca take in the group 's new , edgier , '' beca-ish '' look : black button down shirt , black capri pants , heel , and the bellas 's signature red scarf . beca put she hand out . beca I love you awesome nerd . fat amy ( psyched ) yeah ! you bunch of dick ! [ alt : douche - b 's ] everyone laugh . 106 108 . int . lincoln stage - moment later 106 last to perform , the bellas be now on stage , look hot ! JOHN the bellas be put on a short skirt and ask for it tonight . angle on : the trebles , sit in the front row of the audience . jesse feign disinterest by look at he playbill . on stage : beca blow the pitch pipe . beca one , two , three , four ... the bellas begin with jessie J 's '' pricetag '' - cynthia rose / stacie it 's not about the money , money , money / we just wanna make the world dance / forget about the price tag transition to : beca at the mic . a blind spotlight shine only on she as she sing , '' do not you forget about I . '' from beca 's Pov : jesse , seat in the audience . beca will you recognize I / call my name or walk on by jesse , hearing the song , drop he playbill . beca ( cont 'd ) rain keep falling / rain keep falling teary -ey and vulnerable , beca sing right to jesse . the look on he face say it all . angle on : Dr. Mitchell , take beca in , proud of he little girl . light up on bellas . the bellas beca down , down , down , down / don not don ’t you forget about I don't don ’t don 's T at some point , the girl raise they fist in honor of '' the Breakfast Club '' end . the audience laugh . transition to : Chloe at the mic . bellas clump together . the bellas do dah do dah dum dum / do dah do dah dum dum ... ( repeat ) ( continued ) 106 107 continued : AUBREY lying in my bed I hear the clock tick and think of you / caught up in circle confusion be nothing new / flashback , warm night / almost left behind / suitcase of memories / time after sooooome tiiiiime . gail 109-110 . 106 JOHN well , gail . look like divisi 's keep the house turn down low for they final number . John , if right be sick , you would be in the icu , with dozen of tube keep you alive . all time after time ... a beat of silence . JOHN / gail whoa ! / boom ! then , lilly bust out some hard - core beatbox skill and the crowd cheer ! '' new '' sound , add a killer bass . Chloe , with she the lady perform a '' mash - up '' of song we have hear throughout the movie with a few new one scattered in . we CUT to gail and John , krump -dance . the bellas breathlessly hit they final pose . angle on : the audience on they foot , cheer ! aubrey wink at uni. out Cynthia Rose 's outstretch hand . take it all in . jesse . kiss she ! more applause ! jesse the lady stacie grab a pitte - beca look out at unable to help himself , jesse jump on stage and I tell you you have get all squidy and drape yourself all over I ! she roll she eye , laugh , and they kiss again . int . audition - six month later 107 title card : six month later a empty stage . tommy enter with he clipboard . ( continued ) 107 continued : angle on : 110 . 107 tommy listen up aca-baller , I have be reject by the army , shove into a dora backpack , and push into the girl 's locker room wear nothing but suspender . but no matter . I be in the world that I love . so , with the assistance of my boy , Justin - justin - my liege . tommy - I launch this year 's audition . ( applause ) and as a tribute to we most recent icca national champion , they team leader will pick the audition song . bellas ? beca and fat Amy sit in the chair that aubrey and Chloe previously occupy . they smile to each other . we hard cu beca alright nerd , let 's go with ... t to black as the end credit song kick in . credit roll . the end .