pixel by tim herlihy current revision by tim herlihy to be direct by CHRIS columbus April 17 , 2014 - numbered script happy madison 1492 Columbia picture ii . " do not think of this like a comedy , think of it like a world wide vfx giant summer tentpole that just happen to be funnier than the typical world wide giant summer tentpole . " - Steven L. spielberg * *- not that Steven spielberg , another one . this one repair lady ' footwear in El segundo and be just a big fan of the script and want to explain that to all of you before you read it . ext . suburb , delaware , summer of 1982 - day 1 we hero , SAM BRENNER , 13 , ride he bike through the suburb . fast , craze . cheap trick 's '' surrender '' ( buddakan version ) plays as credit begin . ext . house , suburb - day 2 as the song continue , will cooper , age 13 , be mow he lawn . his cute little sister be on the sidewalk , operate a lemonade stand . brenner arrive , skid he bike to a stop . Cooper look at he . brenner smile . young BRENNER it 's open . Cooper abandon the lawn mower , grab he bike and start to pedal off with brenner . then he stop , run back to the lemonade stand , and take a big jar of coin . little sister hey ! ext . MAIN STREET - moment later - day 3 brenner and Cooper pass a movie theater show '' poltergeist '' and pull they bike into a parking lot . each stare ahead in awe . camera pan around they , reveal what they be look at : the electric dream arcade . a big grand open sign hang from the roof . int . arcade - day 4 its like go into another world . all the classic game be line up : pac man , donkey kong , centipede , space invader , galaga , q-bert , paperboy , asteroid , breakout . and they be all brand new . the guy enter . Cooper open the mason jar , both guy grab a handful of quarter and they fan out . brenner wait in line for the holy grail : pac man , watch other play and lose . he study they move , the game 's control , take in every success , every failure . Cooper play galaga . on screen we see he getting kill by the alien / bug invader three time real quick . he 's terrible . it 's brenner 's turn on pac man . he step up , put in he quarter and start to play . Cooper step up , watch over he shoulder . young cooper which one 's the alien , Sam , the cheese wedge guy or the rainbow blob ? * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 2 . young BRENNER neither . that blob be ghost , and the cheese wedge be pac man . he 's a ... I do not know what he be , but he seem like a good guy . Cooper shake he head , look at the game brenner 's play : cU of a 80 's 8 bit video screen as pacman race across it . young cooper wow . how be you so good at this game ? you have never even play it before . young BRENNER I do not know . there 's a pattern to how they be move . watch ... he do . on screen the game seem to slow down . we see number and arrow superimpose over the action in brenner 's eye . he know exactly where the ghost be go , when the bonus cherries be go to appear , etc . young cooper I do not see it . but you sure do . cheap trick 's song continue as credit play over : - montage of brenner play : centipede , q- bert , galaga , defender be play at a high level ( intercut with other 80s kid , janitor , etc. watch slack - jaw ) , high score after high score , crowd grow , '' SAM '' take over the entire top ten score . - as a huge crowd have gather around brenner , Cooper play '' the crane game '' by himself in a lonely corner . he deftly maneuver the claw over a array of stuff animal and rubber mask . Cooper lower the claw over a chewbacca mask . the claw grab it , but it get stick . will Cooper get it ? CUT to brenner play asteroid , surround by a respectful crowd . he step away from the machine . young BRENNER sorry , folk , I gotta eat . his guy '' die '' . the crowd applaud and pat he on the back as he walk over to Cooper - stand there in the chewbacca mask . he hand brenner a '' Reggie '' bar . young cooper you can not stop play , can you ? you be like a video game addict . young BRENNER you do not understand , buddy . I suck at sport , I suck at school . ( more ) + hk * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 3 . young BRENNER ( cont 'd ) video game be the first thing I have ever be good at . young cooper you be not '' good '' at video game , Sam - you be the best . ( hand he flyer ) and it 's time to show the world . brenner read the flyer - '' world video game championship '' . int . world championship - night 5 the Super bowl of video game . hundred of people be there . newscaster report . Cooper be massage brenner 's finger . young BRENNER I can not believe I be do this , man . I wish you have sign up too . young cooper I stink at every game . except for the crane- claw thing . young BRENNER you be good at everything else , chewie : talk people into thing ... make up storey ... brush you hair just right ... look like you be smarter than you really be ... young cooper yeah , what 's that gonna get I ? he trail off as he overhear someone nearby talk ... voice ( 0.c. ) hi ... this be a pretty good party ... actually , I hate party ... brenner look over to the next machine to see ludlow lamonsoff ( 8 , glass . genius , no social skill ) . ludlow be play castle quest ( make - up 8 bit game ) and talk under he breath to the lady lisa character ( we see she beautiful illustration on the side of the machine ) . young ludlow you too ? that 's so funny . my name 's ludlow by the way ... well nice to meet you , Lady Lisa ... really ? I think you be pretty darn foxy yourself ... he finally notice brenner and Cooper stare at he and be embarrassed . * hhh oh + + numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 4. young BRENNER you be the wonder kid , ludlow lamonsoff , right ? Heard you be pretty good . * young ludlow who tell you that ? the government ? Cause they have be tracking I . I be close to figure out the secret of the bermuda triangle , and the '' power that be '' be not too happy about it . hf young cooper wow . you do not have any friend , do you ? young ludlow just my mom . he gesture toward he mom , who be sit on a stool in the corner , hold a bag lunch and a six - pack of yoo-hoo . she shrug and wave . * young BRENNER well , you can hang out with we too . * they shake hand . * there 's a hubub at the front door : eddie plant have arrive . * he 's dress in parachute pants , a twisted sister T-shirt and a rat tail , and be flanke by two hot 80 's look girl in leather pants ( they t-shirt identify they as the cyber girlz ) . young eddie plant what 's up , geek and goober ? they call I the Fire blaster . because my hand be blaze fast , and also I will blast and burn all my competitor 's weak - ass move . * Eddie saunter over toward ludlow . young eddie plant ( cont 'd ) you must be the local talent . if this be a ugly contest , I would be in trouble . young BRENNER at least we do not make up we own nickname , Fire blaster . young eddie plant who care who come up with it ? it 's totally tubular ! numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 5 . brenner and Eddie glare at each other . a mc step on stage . m.c. welcome , gamer , to the first * annual arcade World championship . * we have representative here from the guinness Book of World record , as well as NASA , who will be videotape tonight 's competition * to be include in a compilation of 1982 's news event and popular culture . that video tape will be place in a orbiter that will be * launch out into the solar system * to search for proof of extra- terrestrial life . ( ET voice ) ET phone home ! people applaud , impressed . Eddie Plant make the '' choke '' sign at brenner . brenner shake he head . ludlow , nervous , look like he be gonna piss himself as they head to the game . Cooper cheer they on . it 's like the olympics as they all step up to play , total seriousness . there be about a dozen competitor : mostly teen boy but a punk chick and some weird middle - age man ( one wear a karate kid headband ) mix in . we see they move the control , put they quarter in and pound the button in slo mo as the judge watch all the contestant . * + + - brenner play breakout zen-cool as slo - mo Cooper cheer he on . -ludlow be sweat profusely play galaga . his mother be next to he , hold up a yoo - hoo for he to sip from . - Eddie be kissing one of the cyber girlz as he annihilate pac man . he lower he sunglass over he eye , then really start kick ass . * * -onstage , the m.c. address the crowd dramatically . m.c. ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , what a evening we have have here : six new US record set , three new world record set , and now , when the smoke clear , we have ... a tie ! 259 point for you new pac man world champion ... the Fire blaster , Eddie Plant ! ( applause ) and 259 point for you new galaga and centipede world champion ... rookie sensation Sam brenner ! * ( shocked applause ) gentlemen , shall we break this tie ? * ( more ) numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 6. m.c. ( cont 'd ) let 's play -- ( a beat ) donkey Kong ! ! brenner and Eddie both smile confidently . they start walk toward the machine . young BRENNER good luck , man . young eddie plant I do not need luck , nerd . Cause if I lose right now , I go home know I do not get what it take ; a nothing , a failure , someone who look destiny in the eye and blink . and the Fire blaster never , ever blink . Eddie stare unblink at brenner as they insert they quarter . they play furiously . the cyber girlz cheer on Eddie ; Cooper , ludlow and ludlow 's Mom cheer on brenner . brenner start to pull ahead , Eddie 's in deep trouble . but then Eddie lower he sunglass , get serious and start mount a improbable comeback . young cooper finish he , Sam ! but Eddie be suddenly rack up the point . we see BRENNER 's Pov : he 's lose the pattern . he rub he eye ; the focus be go . on screen , through brenner 's eye , the game be actually speed up , the superimpose arrow and number get scratch out and change direction rapidly . Eddie and brenner be each down to they last guy , play they heart out , until we hear ... the donkey kong death sound . but who die ? Eddie turn to brenner . young eddie plant congratulation - on be a loser ! brenner step back from the machine . stun . we push in on the look of utter disappointment and devastation on he face as he realize he lose at the one thing he be great at , as Eddie rant on in the background . eddie plant ( 0.c. ) yeah !!! Fire blaster be the world champ !!! the local yokel couldn't handle the pressure ! ! ( more ) + hk * + hk numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 7 . eddie plant ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) he can suck it ! and you can suck it ! and you can suck it !!! dissolve to : ext . georgetown mansion - day 6 * '' SAM BRENNER '' . a nametag . camera pull back . it be present * day . the nametag belong to the actual adult BRENNER , pin to he brightly colored orange jumpsuit , that identify he as be in the nerd patrol . he carry a clipboard and be miserable , depressed . he step up to the front door of a georgetown mansion and knock . a handsome , younger fit man , answer . BRENNER ( like he want to die ) hello , I be a nerd from the nerd patrol here to deal with you audio / visual need . the fit man turn and walk inside , call out . fit man the nerd 's here ! brenner sigh , he hate he life . int . georgetown mansion - day 7 brenner install a 70 inch 4k Sony tv to the wall of a gigantic live room . as brenner lift the tv to mount it on * the wall , he glance outside , through a large picture window . * BRENNER 's Pov : the handsome home owner lie on a lounge chair , beside he gorgeous wife . they drink champagne , watch they two beautiful child relax on raft , * drink smoothies , in they state of the art pool . * brenner watch they , with a long for a life he will never know . his expression say it all : must be nice . third child ( 0.c . ) * pretty sweet life , eh ? * brenner , startle , drop the tv , which smashes . * brenner see another kid ( 7 ) stand nearby , in a polo * shirt , look smug , drink a smoothie . * third child ( cont 'd ) * suck to be you , nerd . * BRENNER * yeah it do . get any tape ? * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 8. int . bar , WASHINGTON DC - day 8 still in uniform , brenner sit across from cooper also 45 . he be dress in a blue blazer and open collar shirt . they be eat lunch at a table near the bar . BRENNER look , chewie , I do not know why I be give you romantic advice ; you always do way better with chick than I do . cooper not always . remember that chick in Ft. lauderdale ? the redhead who be all over you ? BRENNER that be my cousin . move on . if I be you , I would take one hour a day where you shut down the phone , turn off the email , the espn , put down the Reggie bar and just devote you full attention to you wife . cooper I can not shut off my phone and email , man ; I gotta be reachable 24 / 7 . not all of we work out of a van . BRENNER yeah , I get it , I have a crappy job . I be a failure , I wear orange short , my wife leave I for a busboy ... president cooper do not give I some sob story , brenner . you be mean for something more than this . BRENNER why would you think that ? I be never really good at anything . president cooper you be good at one thing . best I ever see . BRENNER second best . and play old - timey videogame be not a real lucrative career path nowadays . president cooper hang on , I gotta see this ... * + + + hk numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 9 . brenner turn . on tv we see CHRIS matthews on MSNBC . CHRIS matthews ( on tv ) the President 's gaffe-filled summer continue today during a appearance at Joseph knibb elementary School to promote he new youth read initiative . here 's what happen ... on tv we see Cooper in a classroom , read to a class of first - grader who have gather on the rug around he . Parents , teacher , etc. stand watch excitedly . cooper ( on tv ) ( dramatic ) .-- but then , mitten jump up on to the table , and knock over the whole bowl of soup ! Mrs. pickle gass - gasped , and the whole room fall silent . '' this be casta ... ( struggle with word ) catsa ... catatastrophic ?... '' little girl ( sunny ) catastrophic ! cooper ( on tv ) ( a little loud ) I get it , thanks , sweetheart ! the Little girl look like she 's about to cry . on tv , back to Chris matthews . CHRIS matthews seem like if the President 's approval rating do not improve , the result of the next election could be ... catsatatsastrophic . back in the bar , brenner be laugh . BRENNER you really should learn how to read . president cooper I be on three hour sleep !! we pull back further and see that there be a ton of secret service agent there . people be peek in the window excitedly . BRENNER dude , I gotta get out of here ; I get a 2 o'clock install . you get this , or ... 10 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 10 . Cooper just stare at he , look sheepish . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) I be get this ?! president cooper I forget my wallet ! brenner turn to the agent , disgust . BRENNER could one of you seven guy grab he wallet before he walk out the door next time ?! please ? I be break , he 's the President ! ext . guam - sky - night 9 a cloudy night sky . behind the cloud , we see the eerie image of a large alien craft . we can not make out any detail . suddenly , a wide light portal open . we hear a clicking SOUND . from out of the cloud , we see a cloud of brightly - colored cube . they loop down from the star and form a stream . in a tight formation . the cube turn and fly down a dirt road , they intense force send wave of powerful wind through the tree . the cube zoom past a sign that read : anderson AIR force base . guam , USA . ext . georgetown house - day 10 a modest house . a door open . a 13 year old kid stand there . matty be you the nerd ? BRENNER no , I just like to wear this because I think I look awesome . ( the kid just stare at he ) yeah , I be the nerd . matty be not that kind of demean ? BRENNER only if someone bring it up . matty I will not bring it up then . BRENNER lovin 's it . es + + numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 11 . 11 int . house - continuing 11 matty lead brenner in . he look around . it 's a warm house . BRENNER so what be I install ? matty a new 85 inch sony 4 k 3d tv. playstation 4 . 7.1 surround sound speaker . really , if you guy sell it , we buy it . BRENNER wow , be it you birthday ? matty my parent be get a divorce . BRENNER oh , that 's like ten birthdays . matty my dad cheat on my Mom with he 18 year old pilate instructor . her name be sinnamon with a S. I shit you not ; that be she name . I mean I should be dating a 18 year old pilate instructor , not he . BRENNER she would break you in half , dude , but I get you larger point . matty anyway my Mom kinda hate he right now for be a major d-bag asswipe , she word , not mine . she feel bad that I be go through this so she sell he porsche on Ebay to buy I all this - violet ( 0.s. ) okay , matty , we do not need to tell the nice installer man we whole life . brenner turn and see violet kelly ( late 30' ) beautiful , smart , tough . brenner see she and then involuntarily utter : BRENNER whoa . violet I be sorry , whoa what ? BRENNER ( embarrassed now ) .»- no , just you ... whoa . 12 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 12. violet I , whoa ? I do not know what that mean . BRENNER ..- yeah . um , it 's just when you son tell I that you husband leave you for a 18 year - old I kinda think maybe you * be one of that hot - when - we-met - in high -school , but then got-older - let - herself - go and now have like neck fuzz and a pot belly with cottage - cheese thigh . but that 's clearly not what you look like . so more like whoa , I should have probably brush my tooth before I leave the house , or studio apartment , if * we be get real here . matty do you have tourettes ? BRENNER surprisingly no . wish I do right now . violet laugh . there be definitely a connection . matty notice . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) okay , I guess I should start set all this stuff up . violet * alright , go get ‘em . * violet and matty walk out . she turn and catch brenner look and he pretend he be look at she light fixture instead . she smile to herself . int . guam military base - night 12 * bustle , fill with military personnel . camera pan to a handsome sailor , stare intently at a video monitor . a array of colorful shape appear on the monitor , moving toward the center of the screen . the handsome sailor 's face fall , he shout to someone off camera . handsome sailor Captain devereux ! you need to see * this -- captain devereux , a tough , middle age hatchet of a man with * a crewcut , walk up , stare over the sailor 's shoulder . his eye widen in shock . captain devereux * we be under attack ! numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 13 . 13 int . violet and matty 's house - later - day 13 brenner be set up the video game system . matty be hang out , watch he . brenner notice he . matty so you a gamer ? BRENNER uh , I be when I be you age . matty be you any good ? BRENNER I be alright at some of the classic game . matty classics ? you mean like '' halo '' ? BRENNER no , the real classic : pac-man , asteroid , Space invader . Games you play at a arcade , which be a building outside of you house . you have go with you friend , there be great music play , cute girl everywhere ... matty I like game where you shoot people , and they gut go fly everywhere , and occasionally you have to rip someone 's spine out and then use to it to beat someone else to death . it 's probably genetic . BRENNER why ? you mom 's a serial killer ? matty no , she make weapon for the military . violet ( 0.s. ) ( overhear this ) matty , what be you say ?... matty nothing , Mom . sorry I mean she work as a waitress at p.f. chang at the mall . ( then mouth to brenner ) no she do not . BRENNER ( mouth back ) really ? 14 15 16 17 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 14 . matty ( whisper ) she say she 's gonna 's make a Whore destroyer weapon to take out sinnamon . they laugh . violet walk in . violet what be you guy talk about ? matty / BRENNER video game . violet smile . then she get a text , she face fall . int . guam airbase - command CENTER - night 14 Chaos . servicemen run out to man they post . they hear the noise . beep bop . beep bop boop . that familiar arcade game sound . fighter pilot run down the tarmac towards they jet . explosion couple with video game sound fill the AIR . one pilot stop before get in he plane , look up at the air . blurry colorful image be reflected in he helmet . fighter pilot what the hell be that thing ? int . guam command CENTER - night 15 light flicker on and off in the command center . explosion rock the interior . a wall be blown away , send people fly to the ground . the explosion be unlike anything we have ever see . the wall pixelate into a hundre colorful block , leave a huge open , filled with smoky colorful light . the handsome sailor get to he foot , run outside . ext . guam command CENTER - night - continuous 16 the sailor run outside , look up to the sky . he be stunned by what he see . he be suddenly bathed in light . he raise he pistol and begin fire upward . suddenly the pistol leave he hand and be pixellated upward , into the light . this be follow by the sailor , whose body pixellate . the pixel rise up ... disappearing into the light ... int . violet 's bedroom - day 17 brenner knock on the door and peak he head in . BRENNER Mrs. Kelly ? just want to let you know I be all finish and I need you to sign the work order ... ( more ) numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 15 . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) feel weird call you Mrs. because you be probably way young than I , but contractually I have to . he do not see anyone , but hear a faint cry . violet ( 0.s. ) okay . her voice echoe from the closet . BRENNER Mrs. Kelly , be you in the closet ? violet ( from the closet ) ..- yes . BRENNER not judge , but what be you do in there ? violet ( from the closet ) um , mostly cry . a little drink . probably equally cry and drink . BRENNER something I do often also , but why in the closet ? violet I do not want matty to see I . we then hear more sobbing sound . brenner be not sure if he should leave or not . he sigh , and head towards the closet . BRENNER I be gonna 's open the door now , Mrs. Kelly . I be come in . violet ( still cry ) okay . 18 int . closet - continuing 18 he open the door and see she foot . he climb in . violet be sit behind the clothes . mascara drip down she cheek . BRENNER be you alright ? violet I be sobbing on the floor of my closet , drink chardonnay out of a sippy cup . do it look like I be alright ? 19 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 16 . BRENNER I withdraw the question . do you ... want to talk about it ? violet no , yes , I do not know . she reach for he and cry on he shoulder . he awkwardly pat she on the back . int . white house oval office - day 19 President Cooper be alone , review a memo , when the first lady walk in , in sweat . first lady I be go to soul cycle to work out , so I 'il be back in like 45 minute , or a hour and a half if I do a double . she start to leave , but he hold she up . president cooper Babe ? so Saturday , I be suppose to have dinner with the King of Saudi Arabia to discuss a trade agreement , but I decide to cancel . first lady you do ? president cooper well , I make a reservation at this new place on Michigan Avenue , where you go and actually make a cake . you mix in the flour and egg and whatever , then they bake it for you , but you get to frost it - vanilla , chocolate , butterscotch - then you can make a design with sprinkle and sparkles if you want . so I think it could be fun if you and I - first lady Sarah 's come over Saturday . we be gonna see a movie . president cooper a movie . do you think possibly you could go to the movie with Sarah on Sunday ? first lady she already get a babysitter . 20 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 17 . president cooper I see . do you think maybe she could cancel the babysitter ? first lady I could ask . president cooper you could ask ? wow ! a junior aide run in . aide Mr. President , you need to see this . he hand Cooper a piece of paper . the President 's face go white . int . violet 's closet - day 20 violet & brenner sit in she closet now share the bottle . violet I think it be just a fling , a mid - life fling - thing , but now accord to the text I get 20 minute ago he 's marry she . my son 's stepmom be gonna be name sinnamon . ( make a disgust face ) this just be not where I think I have be at this point in my life . BRENNER yeah , I x11 drink to that . they toast with sippy cup . violet we be high school sweetheart . the perfect couple . he propose in a waterfall . a effin waterfall . we have we problem , sure . but now I be almost 40 and get a divorce and he 's marrying a 18 year old name after a spice ... and it 's not even spell correctly . BRENNER I think you need to take a deep breath ... and then go find he and sinnabun and set they on fire . violet ( laugh / cry ) yes , I mean no . that would be fun though . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 18 . she stop cry . he wipe she tear away , they exchange a smile . BRENNER you know ... maybe this be really all for the best . violet what do you mean ? BRENNER I mean ... you get the worst part over with . you already marry the wrong guy ... violet true . BRENNER maybe it just mean you be gonna 's meet the right guy . violet yeah . brenner look at she , wait a beat , then leans in for the kiss . she quickly back away . violet ( cont 'd ) whoa ... be you try to kiss I ? BRENNER um ... a little ? * violet you be try to kiss I in my closet ? BRENNER * I think we be have a moment . * she get up , exit the closet . brenner follow , walk with she into the kitchen . * 21 int . violet 's bedroom / staircase - continuous 21 * violet we be , but - look you seem like a nice man . but I just meet you . and no offense , I * do not think my rebound guy be a 210 pound * dork who install flatscreen for a live . * BRENNER first of all , 208 . and wow . I * do not peg you as the snobby type . violet snob ? I ? no , I be not a snob ! numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 19 . a22 int . violet 's kitchen - continuous a22 * violet make two cup of nespresso coffee , give one to brenner . BRENNER okay , so if I be a billionaire and we be in the Mediterranean on my gigantic yacht and we be sip Champagne and I * go to kiss you , would you ? busted . before she can answer brenner 's phone ring . he look at it . it say '' president chewie '' on the caller id . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , snobby . I have to take this ! ( answer the phone ) homeboy . what 's up ? 22 int . oval office , white house - same 22 * president cooper can you get to the White House right now ? 23 int . violet 's kitchen - same 23 * BRENNER I will be there in fifteen . he hang up and turn to violet . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) while I have love to stay and hear you lie about not want to make out with the yacht guy , I have to go . also I be a * amazing kisser . you have a chance to find out and you just lose it . as he exit the kitchen , her phone now ring . violet hello ? 24 ext . georgetown STREET - day 24 brenner be speed along in he van , but have to stop for a red light . a car skid to a stop beside he . it 's violet . brenner roll down he window , call to she . BRENNER too late , sweetheart . you have you shot and you blow it . violet I be not follow you . 25 26 27 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 20 . BRENNER whatever you say , stalky . it 's * over . deal with it . the light change , and he peel out . 30 , 40 , 50 mph . brenner look in he rear-view and see violet be right on he tail . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) wow , she go from zero to psycho in 6.7 second ... ext . pennsylvania avenue - day 25 we see brenner 's van racing through the mostly empty street toward the White House . violet 's car be right behind . then both put they blinker on at the same time to head into ... ext . white house gate - day - continuous 26 brenner pull up to the guard shack and hand the guard he id . he speak softly and quickly . BRENNER Steve , there 's a woman with mental * problem right behind I . you might need to call for back - up or break out * the stun gun --- * violet 's car pull up and the guard wave she through . guard go right on in , Lt. Kelly ! * this leave brenner flummox . int . hallway , white house - day 27 brenner and violet walk quickly down a hallway in the West wing . they notice what a hotbed of activity the white house be . everyone be worried , panicked . the president 's assistant ( Jennifer ) see they approach . assistant Lieutenant Kelly , you can go right * into the situation room . violet turn to brenner , cocky . violet so , yeah , they need I in the situation room . have fun do whatever you -- assistant Mr. brenner , the President be wait for you in the oval Office . 28 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) violet be stunne . brenner 's turn to be cocky . BRENNER somebody 's more important ... brenner moonwalk into the oval Office . int . oval office - day - continuous Cooper lean against he desk , worried . president cooper you could not have at least change ? BRENNER you tell I to come right over ! chewie , what 's go on ? it 's crazy out there . president cooper we naval base in guam be attack tonight . BRENNER attack by who ? president cooper not sure . that 's why I ask you here . brenner , intrigue , go to the desk . Cooper hit play . he sees grainy , shaky footage of the guam attack . the ship and the bug . the distinctive sound . brenner watch . amazed . president cooper ( cont ’d ) be that sound familiar to you ? BRENNER yeah , where do I know that from ?... hold it ! stop ! ( the footage freeze ) can you go in tighter ? the footage zoom in a little . a strange ship come into focus . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) that can not be real ... president cooper so you be see the same thing I be see ? BRENNER yeah , unless we be both have the same weird dream ... numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 22 . the door open , and the President 's Assistant Jennifer walk * in . assistant they be ready for you , Mr. President . president cooper great . now I gotta go explain this to the National Security Council . watch it again , Sam . see if you can find anything that might help we . + hk int . situation room , the white house - day 29 the President enter . the Joint Chiefs be there , as be the head of the CIA , FBI and homeland security . the most intimidating by far be five - star admiral porter . violet be * one of a group seat in chair against the wall , take note . the PRESS secretary walk beside Cooper as he make he way to the head of the table . PRESS secretary Mr. President , we tell the press that it be a advanced weapon test that misfire . so there 's no mass panic yet . president cooper good , then let 's solve this thing before there be . as Cooper sit , it seem like everyone start talk at once . defense secretary Mr. President , clearly Pakistan 's drine technology have far surpass ours --— CIA chief there 's no way we could have miss that . this have Moscow 's fingerprint all over it -- admiral porter * nonsense ! I suspect a North Korean black op sideshow . president cooper I have a theory . I think , base on analysis of the footage , that preliminary indication be that we be attack by ... CIA chief by who , sir ? 30 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) president cooper ( quietly ) galaga . suddenly , there 's intimidate silence for a beat . violet stop take note . then ... admiral porter well then let 's blow galaga to hell . who 's galaga ? junior aide um , it 's a old - timey video game 80s kinda folk like my dad use to play . president cooper and tell everybody what happen in this video game , Jared . 23 . as the junior aide fumble through a answer , the secretary of the navy be talk a little too loud to the President 's Assistant . junior aide defense secretary well , it 's like , alien ship just turkey , plain turkey ... swarm in a symmetrical manner do they have chipotle and rain light bomb on , mayo ?... be it fat free ? can like , you guy -- I get it on the side then ? president cooper hold on a second : Jim , be you really order a sandwich in the middle of a national security meeting ? defense secretary I be sorry , Mr. President . Jennifer ask what we want . I figure we be gonna 's be here for awhile -- president cooper ( to he Assistant ) just get we a bunch of turkey sandwich , okay ?! ( see navy sec 's plead ) ..+- with chipotle mayo ... ( more plead face ) -..on the side . ( sigh , then to CIA Chief ) so someone be attack we in the form of spaceship from a 1980 video game . the question be who ? int . oval office , white house - day 30 brenner watch the tape of the attack again . then he see something and pause the footage . he study it closely . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 24 . int . situation room , the white house - continuous 31 violet Mr. President , there 's no nation on earth that have the military technology to simply ... pixelate entire building -- admiral porter except North Korea ! defense secretary forget North Korea ! I think we be look at a cut edge multinational enterprise - a ngo , a think tank , even a corporation . we be think North Korea when we should be think Google . admiral porter so we should blow up Google ! BRENNER ( 0.s. ) can someone take grandpa 's key away before he drive we into a ditch ? everyone turn and look at BRENNER stand there in he bright orange short . admiral porter who be this person ?! defense secretary ( hopeful ) the sandwich guy ? a beat of silence , then ... president cooper uh , yeah . this be ... my ... old arcade game technical consulting advisor person , Sam brenner . he work ... in the tech sector . defense secretary so he 's a system expert ? BRENNER sound system , yes sir . junior aide caltech ? MIT ? BRENNER yes , I do go to MIT , but it be the Mississippi Institute of Technology . ( more ) * * + + + hk numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 25 . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) you give I two beer can , some * duct tape and a nine-volt battery , * I nil make you a work blow dryer . * president cooper more to the current point , Mr. brenner be the National galaga Champion . BRENNER World . president cooper World champion . he know everything there be to know about this game . ( to brenner ) so what do you and you orange short barge in here to say ? BRENNER the galaga that attack we actually do not exist anymore . * junior aide you can download galaga on you phone . they all look at brenner . he be in the lion 's de now . BRENNER not this version of galaga , prom king . the galaga that exist now , that you * can download off the internet , come out * in 1986 . ( point at the screen ) but this be from the original 1982 arcade version . that machine be * recall and reprogrammed because of * glitches in the original code . you can tell by the way the giant space bug swoop in . violet ( watch ) kind of ziggy - zaggy . BRENNER ( mock ) whoa , '' ziggy zaggy , '' be that the military term ? * violet glare . * violet so someone design this ' space bug 's after a old out of print version of a video game from 30 year ago that no one today would know ? but how ? why ? a32 32 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 26 . admiral porter * I be sorry , be this a National Security Council meeting or a dorm room drug party ? we nation have be attack by a unknown military force , and we must respond swiftly and decisively . if it get out to the press that we be pin the blame on a old contuter game , they would not just * mock you on the news , Mr. President : they have impeach you ! so I * suggest the man in the orange short leave the room immediately , so that of we with long pants and government position can discuss we option ! all eye turn to the President . president cooper uh , you be right . brenner , thanks * for come down . appreciate you * help . violet mouth '' bye '' . brenner nod and salute the various people as he back out . BRENNER Mr. President , Generals , admiral , other guy in suit , Mr. efron , private Benjamin , honore to be of service . he walk out , then poke he head back in . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) hey , the sandwich guy be wait out here . ( the Defense Secretary stand , excited ) just kid , homie . stay strong . * the Defense Secretary be crestfallen . brenner salute once more and leave . ext . white house gate - night a32 * brenner drive , feel stupid . he pull out of the White House * int . BRENNER 's van - continous 32 * when a face appear from the back of the van . it 's ludlow * lamonsoff ( 38 ) . look as odd as he do when he be a kid . he have glass , and wear a old fade '' defender '' T-shirt . 33 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 27 . ludlow brenner . brenner scream and give ludlow a backhand punch in the face . ludlow fall back , but then tumble forward as brenner slam on the brake , almost drive off the road . brenner grab ludlow by he shirt , then recognize he ... BRENNER ludlow ? ? ludlow yes ! why do you hit I ?! BRENNER you scared I ! I think I be get kidnap ! how do you get in my van ? ludlow ( rub he nose ) it be unlock . BRENNER yeah . I figure it would be safe in the White House parking lot . ludlow I need to show you something immediately . brenner then see ludlow be hold a cloth and a jar of something in he hand . BRENNER and what 's that in you hand ?! ludlow ( catch , sheepish ) nothing . BRENNER be that a bottle of chloroform ? be you gonna knock I out ? ludlow only as a last resort ! int . ludlow 's apartment - later - night 33 brenner & ludlow enter . it 's a conspiracy theorist 's paradise . there be a ton of old computer . a tv with the rabbit ear , newspaper clipping of various conspiracy thing : JFK , moon landing , bigfoot , area 51 . as well as a creepy number of poster / picture of the castle quest VID game hottie lady lisa . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 28 . BRENNER by the way , if she be real she have be scared to be in this apartment right now . ludlow actually , I think if she be real , * it would play out a little differently ... brenner spot a thick spiral notebook with a draw of Lady Lisa and ludlow on they wedding day on the cover ; it 's title '' if she be real ... '' it 's a homemade flipbook depict she as a bride and kissing ludlow . as flip -book ludlow begin remove he shirt , brenner put the book down . BRENNER so what 's so important that you be ready to roofie I ? * ludlow okay , so do you hear about what happen to we military base in guam ? BRENNER yeah , it get attack . ludlow attack by galaga ! BRENNER how do you know that ? ludlow I hack into the government server . I see everything . brenner , I think I know what 's go on . BRENNER oh no , here come a theory . ludlow look , I know I be a bit of a conspiracy freak . it 's cost I several promise online relationship , most of my savings and a month waste look for Walt Disney 's head underneath a ice skate rink in vermont . but sometimes the conspiracy be real . remember when we be kid and be in the video game championship ? ( brenner nod ) remember how they put a tape of the event * and all the game we play in that orbiter that they shot out into the universe look for extra terrestrial life ? +e hhh numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 29 . BRENNER ( ET voice ) ET phone home . ludlow good memory . well , I think that some extra-terrestrial life find that videotape and send real version of what they see to attack we . BRENNER how do the ghost of elvis fit into this ? ludlow brenner , I spend the day on 4chan , look for message from the alien to prove my theory . but I come up blank . so I decide to take a break and watch the tape of a rerun of one tree hill that I record tonight on my vcr . I be bingewatch to catch up . ludlow point to a 80 's tv , with vintage vcr and a antenna . BRENNER and you do not have cable because ...? ludlow because the government spy on you through you cable box , brenner ! that 's be prove ! BRENNER oh yeah , that 's right , I forget . saw that on '' 60 Minutes of crazy '' . ludlow anyway , I pour myself a bowl of sugar free frosted flake and sit down to watch Sophia Bush and she sassy one Tree Hill friend 's sexy shenanigan . but regardless of what my tv guide say ... ( hold up tv guide ) one Tree Hill be not what be broadcast tonight over that uhf signal . BRENNER so what be ? ludlow this . ludlow hold up a vhs tape . close on he hand as he pop it into the vcr numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 30 . int . mothership - vhs footage 34 * on screen we see president reagan in the hull of a spaceship . it be tape on a grainy overdubbe vhs tape . the tape break up , glitches . president reagan inhabit - of Earth . we be a r- from the Planet ( static ) ... we come to you in this familiar Earth form to tell you we receive you vessel and in it you hostile challenge - on tv , Reagan now morph into 80x era Michael Jackson . 8ux era michael jackson ( static static ) we accept you ( static ) * compete ( static ) ... winner take all battle . Gather you bravest warrior to face we ( static ) bravest warrior ( more static ) - on the tape : Michael Jackson now change into mr . T. * int . mothership - vhs footage 35 * mr . T winner take the loser 's planet ( static ) * you have already lose ( static ) the first battle . and for we victory , we ( static ) have take a trophy . on tv , camera pan to a cell where the handsome sailor be be hold captive . handsome sailor I be okay , Mom ! I love you ! that 's not the real Mr. T ! mr . T out of respect ( static ) for you way ( static ) we will follow the rule of the battle you show we in you craft . ( static ) like that battle ... you will get ... three life . ( static ) you have two life leave , lose both ( static ) will lead to total ( static ) destruction of you planet . the next battle ( static ) be in 15 hour , at coordinate twenty - seven ( static ) twenty - four , seventy - ( static ) - nine . the message end . ludlow hit stop . pull back to reveal we be in ... numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 31 . 36 int . white house - oval office - night 36 brenner , Cooper and ludlow be watch this on a flatscreen . president cooper what do they mean three life ? ludlow like the old game , you know : one quarter , three life , Mr. * President . president cooper lud ... you give I my first playboy when we be 14 . I think you can call I chewie . ludlow ( smile ) yes , sir , Mr. President chewie , sir . BRENNER this moron alien think the video game footage that NASA shot into space be a declaration of war . ludlow -- and we have already lose the first battle ! if we lose two more , they will completely destroy we planet . president cooper so where do Mr. T and Michael Jackson fit in ? ludlow the alien must be shapeshifter ! in that orbiter NASA also include movie , music and other current event of 1982 , to tell other civilization about we . BRENNER what be they gonna hit we with * next ? if I be remember right , * there be at least a dozen game we play that night back in ' 82 . * Breakout , galaga , asteroid , pac man , dig - dug , donkey Kong -- ludlow donkey Kong . not you finest hour , Sam . * 37 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 32 . BRENNER shut up , lud , or I ’1ll have chewie pass a law against eat hot pocket in you underwear . ludlow unconstitutional ! look , assume that number alien Mr. T give we be latitude and longitude , the next attack will be somewhere in northern India , tonight . if you can get you NSA tech to clean up the signal , we can pinpoint the exact location , and maybe even what game they be go to play -- president cooper look : this be a interesting theory . but I can not authorize a military response base on this crazy Ronald Reagan / Mr. T video . it look like something a couple of high school kid make . ludlow well , you gotta at least warn the Indians that something might be come -- president cooper I be know as a buffoon right now as it be . I can not the risk , ludlow . I just can not . brenner and ludlow exchange a look . CUT to : ext . taj mahal -— dawn 37 a excited indian guy ( early 20 ) be with a beautiful indian girl outside the Taj Mahal . he seem nervous . he take he iphone out , push some button , and a tinny indian version of spandau ballet 's '' true '' begin to play . he prop it up to record himself . he stand face the girl , speak some Hindi , then drop to one knee . the girl can not believe this be happen ! behind they , we see ... something . flash light , something bright whizzing through frame too fast to see . the couple be oblivious . the guy speak some more heartfelt Hindi , get emotional , then pull a ring box out of he pocket . the girl , finally notice what 's go on off - camera , start scream . the guy think she 's scream about the ring box , nod cockily . 38 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 33 . but then he see what 's go on and start scream , too . he grab the camera , but never get a clear shot of what 's go on , just quick low - rez image of light , smoke , himself and -- he lower the camera . for a few moment , we see the destruction of the taj mahal . be it be torn apart by the game ... breakout ! a bright light appear above the indian guy . the girl step back . terrified . the boy look up . he scream , as he face become pixelated and separate into tiny pixel . the piece be lifted into the AIR ... int . darpa —- corridor - day 38 a elevator open in a antiseptic hallway , revealing Cooper , brenner and ludlow . brenner be give Cooper a hard time . BRENNER ( do impression ) '' I can not take that risk , ludlow . I just can not . '' president cooper aw shut up . ludlow ( indian accent ) '' he know what be come , but do not help we ? why ? '' president cooper ( threaten ) hot pocket . violet ( in a lab coat ) come down the hall to greet he . violet Morning , Mr. President , I -- ( see brenner and ludlow ) what 's johnny surround sound do here ? and this other ... fella ? ludlow I be ludlow lamonsoff ! this be awesome ! you smell nice ! president cooper Mr. lamonsoff and Mr. brenner have agree to share they video game expertise with you and you team . + + of numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 34 . violet with all due respect , Mr. President , have civilian with zero security clearance in this facility be -- president cooper this gentleman have a better handle on what 's go on right now than anyone in my entire * administration . you should be welcoming they , not question * they security clearance . * violet of course , Mr. President . gentlemen , right this way . * brenner give violet a cocky look . she smirk back and lead they through the hallway , into a larger room , where various technician and scientist construct and design prototype for the latest military weapon . president cooper so have we make progress , Lieutenant ? * violet enormous progress , sir . we now believe that thing that attack we be make of energy , intelligent energy . a cool mecha-animal dog come bound down the hall toward they . a scientist follow , take note . scientist Morning , Lieutenant . * violet good morning , Michael . as the scientist pass , brenner and ludlow see he backside : wire , machinery , electrode : the scientist be a robot . ludlow be ecstatic . ludlow ( excited whisper ) Michael 's a robot ! BRENNER handle you high , ludlow . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 35 . violet think about it : we as a civilization have be harness light for a hundred year and in that time we have create electricity , laser . thing that people a century ago could not begin to comprehend . but it 's possible that this civilization have be do it for million of year . so there 's no tell what they be capable of . BRENNER wow , be you a robot too ? violet roll she eye . ludlow pause at a table where a group of scientist work on various high tech weapon . ludlow stare at all of the weapon , in awe . ludlow whoa ... best day of my life ... ludlow pick up a ipad-like remote control -- scientist hey ! ! May I help -- all of a sudden a small drine rise off the table into the air and begin shoot randomly . everyone duck for cover . a scientist grab the remote out of ludlow 's hand . ludlow my bad . reveal Michael the robot down on the other side of the room . he have a smoking hole in he back , revealing smolder circuit and wire . michael the robot I be okay . no permanent damage . ( green gel dribble out of he mouth ) all good . they continue walk . violet I think maybe the extra - terrestrial take what they see in the orbiter and re-create that same thing out of light energy and then send this light creature back at we . that 's why solid matter like bullet , missile , will not harm they . president cooper well , have you come up with anything that will harm they ? numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 36 . violet maybe ... they walk up to a different table , where another scientist ( not a robot ) be take note over a high tech cage , study something inside : a single pixel . violet ( cont 'd ) the cube we recover in guam have * prove nearly impossible to * analyze , but we have be able to * reverse engineer some prototype weapon that seem to neutralize it . * we be basically hit it with * super - charge light particle . * ludlow Light gun ? violet Light cannon , actually . this cube be pretty feisty . violet stick the eraser - end of a pencil into the cage and poke the pixel . the pencil pixellate , and the original pixel rattles around the cage superfast ; the scientist struggle not to drop it . BRENNER that 's awesome . can you show we the * whore destroyer now ? * violet you be so smart . be that how you * get into the Mississippi Institute * of Technology ? * BRENNER you know I wish I never go into that closet with you . also , I deeply regret try to kiss you . Cooper and ludlow turn and look at violet and brenner . violet resume walk ; they follow . violet move on . we have begin instruct the navy seal task force on the use of the prototype weapon . * they have finally reach a huge door at the end of the room . violet ( cont 'd ) maybe we new '' expert advisor '' would like to say a few word ? 39 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 37 . she hit a button , open the door , revealing a hangar where a group of 50 tough navy seal have gather . they all turn to brenner and ludlow with hard stare . int . darpa —- hangar - day 39 Cooper , violet , brenner and ludlow stand behind Admiral porter . admiral porter Men , you have serve this nation with distinction in combat zone in every nook and cranny of this god - forsaken world , defeat every enemy they have throw at you . and now , you be go to face , and I can not believe I be say this , alien from outer space . the seal look at each other , roll they eye . brenner spot matty in the back of the crowd ( with he bookbag ) , and nudge violet . BRENNER what 's he security clearance ? violet I could not get a babysitter . BRENNER that 's why I have to bring he . brenner point to ludlow , who 's nervously rock in he chair . admiral porter now this alien , probably for they own sick amusement , be go to attack we in the form of '' video game '' . so , to help we develop defense strategy and counter - tactic , the President have bring in - and I really can not believe I be say this - this two civilian '' arcader , '' who we be now require to listen to for 120 second . Admiral porter stalk off . brenner and ludlow ( extremely nervous ) step forward , to a silent reaction ( except for matty , who smile excitedly ) . ludlow ( whisper to brenner ) I think I be gonna puke . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) BRENNER just be confident . Act the part . we know how to do this stuff . they do not . ludlow nod , take this to heart . they now stand in front the surly seal . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) thank you for that warm introduction , Admiral . my name be Sam brenner . and this be - ludlow shove brenner out of the way . ludlow you worst nightmare ! look to I , brenner , like someone forget to send US the best of the best and instead drop off a bunch of ... incontinent adult-diaper - wear ... candyass ... cry - themselves -— - to-sleep-women-baby ... man -people ! BRENNER ( sotto ) too confident ... ludlow from now on , maggot , you little ... girl maggot , --- whatever the name for the female form of maggot be ! from now on when you poop , when you poop you pant you're gonna be thinking of I ! so take you tampons out of you ladybusiness and listen the eff up ! ( yell in one seal ' 's face , spittle fly ) do you feel I , sailor ?! do you feel meeeeeee ?!?! the seal be about to kill he . matty be try hard not to laugh . brenner step in . BRENNER ludlow , I think you be gonna feel he fist in the back of you skull if you do not take two step back . of * ludlow take two step back , tremble . brenner address the * troops . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) look , I know it must seem weird that two buffoon like we would be give advice to you badass , who put you life on the line every day to protect we . ( more ) + hk 40 4l 42 43 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 39 . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) but we spend we childhood training we prefrontal cortex to perform extremely complex motor feat with hand eye coordination unique to a very specific cognitive acuity , which be meaningless in all other area of life , but suddenly might come in handy for save the planet . ( quick look to Admiral porter , whisper ) I learn a lot of big word at that dorm room drug party . ( back to troops ) so we hope you guy can get past we be civilian moron and let we show you a few move in whatever time we have . then ... ludlow do you lady understand that ?! BRENNER lud , let it go . ludlow you get it , buddy . ludlow nod . CUT to : a fast pace training montage / weapon build montage . 40 music : dramatic - row and row of vintage arcade machine have be set up . a different navy seal stand over the control of each video game , as ludlow and brenner pace behind the seal stop every now and then to give a piece of advice . brenner stop at one machine ... centipede . he give specific direction to the navy seal , who be try to grasp it . ludlow step in to dramatically demonstrate a specific move ( " keep the wrist loose '' ) ; the seal stare at he angrily . - a blueprint be on a table . violet refer to it as she 41 bark order to underling , who be make some pretty high - tech shit . - brenner be play asteroid , and the game be be 42 display on a giant screen . the seal be sit watch , take note . it 's crazy how good brenner be ; matty be watch with new-found respect . - Cooper be at the '' make a cake '' store with the king of 43 saudi arabia do the frosting as they discuss a free-trade agreement . Jennifer the Assistant run in . + + 44 45 46 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 40 . assistant Mr. President , we just receive a message on the uhf signal from the '' where 's the beef ? '' lady ! the next battle be on at sundown tomorrow : 51/30 /29 latitude , 0/9/42 longitude . president cooper where the hell be that ? ext . london - dusk - establishing 44 establish shot of London , England . ext . hyde park , london / int . troop carrier - night 45 humvee roll down the road toward the park . brenner and ludlow sit in the back , face to face with the seal . ludlow smile at the seal ; they do not smile back . ext . hyde park - night 46 they stop in a big open field , and disembark from the Humvees . a curious soccer player walk over to ludlow . soccer player what 's all this then , mate ? ludlow we be Americans ! this navy guy have get permission from you government to prepare for a extraterrestrial invasion which we believe will occur here in the next two hour . the soccer player just stare at ludlow . then a british sas officer travel with we guy chime in . sas officer we be shoot a beer commercial . soccer player right then . as he jog off to rejoin he game ... BRENNER why have you lie to he ? should not we be clear the area ? sas officer try not to cause a total - panic situation , yank. ( to ludlow ) ( more ) 47 48 49 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 41 . sas officer ( cont 'd ) and I do not want to hear another word out of you . ludlow look cow . but he mood instantly change when violet open the back of one of the Humvees , revealing ... ludlow and then there be ... light cannon . High tech , sleek , insanely cool . ext . 10 downing STREET - night - establishing 47 establish shot of the Prime Minister 's residence . int . 10 downing STREET - night 48 the President sit with the british prime minister and some aide and advisor , watch footage of hyde Park on several monitor . president cooper Mr. Prime Minister , I can not thank you enough for you cooperation on this . prime minister of course , will . the commonwealth be at you disposal . I trust we will duff up this jiggery poker straight away , and resume the profoundly ordinary summer of gloom we be heretofore luxuriate in . president cooper I know , right ? after a beat , he turn to the junior aide and whisper . president cooper ( cont ’d ) ( confuse ) no idea what he just say . junior aide you response make sense , sir . president cooper that 's why they call I '' da prez '' . ext . hyde park - night 49 the seal be take the light cannon out of the Humvees . violet seem nervous . 50 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 42. violet easy with that ! we do not have any backup ! Admiral porter stride over . admiral porter this ray gun gonna work , Kelly ? violet we have no way to field test they , sir . but most of we computer model show a resonable degree of effectiveness . admiral porter reasonable degree ?! you be send my man into battle with untest ordinance ?! violet I have two day ! to do thing never do before on this planet ! admiral porter remember who you be speak to , Lieutenant ! the gruff sas Officer call out . sas officer anybody who do not need to be here should follow I to the support area , now . ( to brenner and ludlow ) that mean you geezer . move it . brenner and ludlow start walk away , kind of bum . brenner see violet be shook up . BRENNER hey , Lieutenant : it 's gonna work . int . 10 downing STREET - night 50 Cooper , the pm and they aide be watch Fox News with shep smith on one of the monitor . shep smith we military be attack . and what do the President do ? his specialty - nothing ! megyn kelly chime in . 51 52 53 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 43. megyn kelly that 's not true , Shep - he make a cake with King Abdul ! footage of Cooper happily make the cake . prime minister turn that off . apology , will . president cooper they always seem to catch we do goofy stuff , eh , Nigel ? prime minister rarely that goofy , but I do understand the sentiment . president cooper ( fake smile , then into speakerphone ) anything , Lt. Kelly ? ext . hyde park - night 51 violet ( into her walkie - talkie ) eerily quiet , Mr. President -- it be quiet , except for a rhythmic groan noise come from the walkie-talkie . it almost sound like ... sip . back to : int . 10 downing STREET - night 52 the Defense Secretary be nervously sip tea in the corner . he notice the President and everyone else stare at he . defense secretary it 's very hot . ext . hyde park - night 53 the park be pretty crowded . brenner squeeze between two metal barrier and walk over to the sas Officer BRENNER hey , dude , I just think of something I should tell the seal about the pattern if it 's Space invader -- sas officer please return to the support area . BRENNER I be just try to -- + hk numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 44 , sas officer ( grab brenner 's shirt ) if we need you , we know where to find you . brenner turn and walk back behind the barrier . suddenly , there be thunder . loud thunder . cloud have start to materialize out of the peaceful sky . above the cloud we see light . it 's very magical . and terrifying . at the nearby soccer game , someone take a shot on goal , and another player deflect the ball sky-high with he head . but then the ball do not come down . then they see why : a spaceship , mostly hidden by cloud head toward they . brenner and the other all marvel at it . the ship 's portal open . then thing start to fall from the cloud . they look like giant mushroom . everyone brace for impact , then the giant mushroom stop mid air . they start to hover and form a pattern in the sky . BRENNER it 's centipede . the seal '' hooo-rah '' and sprint off to they attack position . brenner yell instruction from the other side of the fence . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) remember what we talk about ! kill each centipede from the head down ! if you hit it in the middle it will break in two . ludlow then you have two snakething . hit it again , four snakething . we do not want four snake-things ! the cocky seal ignore they and take aim at the night sky . and then they come . giant centipede just like from the old arcade game come to life . the centipede now evolve from the 8 bit look to more realistic creature . they be terrifying . ludlow ( cont 'd ) oh god. oh God . this be really real . the giant centipede slither down from the sky , through the mushroom . each have a different personality . one cackle . another have a giant mouth full of teeth , constantly chomping at the air . another growls and scream . yet another hiss . also unlike the game that exist on a solely two dimensional plane , this be real life and three dimensional . the creature attack from all angle . 54 55 56 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 45 . the seal start shoot upward . the light cannon emit laser blast that resemble the game . one of seal 's beam hit a centipede 's head . it pixellate ! a cheer go up . int . 10 downing STREET - night 54 everyone cheer . Cooper pump he fist , psyched . president cooper the light cannon work ! ext . hyde park - night 55 violet look back at brenner and smile gratefully . as he * smile back , he mutter to himself . * BRENNER * G -d she 's hot ... * then a seal fire up at a centipede and hit it in the middle . it split in half . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) no , no !!! didn ’t we just say don ’t split they in half ?! just AIM for the head ! !... the seal be not used to this thing : the weapon or the prey . they FIRE up at they . but keep missing . seal the mushroom-things . they be in the way ! BRENNER shoot the mushroom ! it 's just like the game . if they get down to the * ground it 's gonna get really bad , really quick . the seal FIRE up at the mushroom and centipede . they hit a mushroom which now send a centipede straight down toward a seal . he do not see it . violet sgt . duff !! 12 o’clock ! too late . the centipede chomp up sgt . duff and scurries quickly off into the bush . int . 10 downing STREET - night 56 the whole room watch in shock . 57 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 46 . ext . hyde park - night 57 ludlow nooooooo ! it eat the sarge ! the centipede eat the sarge ! the remain seal continue to shoot skyward . they be all freak out by what just happen . another centipede streak back and forth across the sky down toward they like a vicious flying shark . the Big seal shoot at it . but it 's too fast . he keep missing . BRENNER no , shoot right ... now leave ! look , you can not just fire at where they be , they be too fast . you have to watch the pattern , anticipate where they be go to_be and shoot there ! big seal I don ’t know the pattern ! it 's move fast down towards they , closer and closer . it 's scary mouth biting away . finally brenner can not stand it . he leap over the barrier , shove the sas Officer to the ground and sprint toward the seal . violet brenner ! no ! brenner grab the light cannon from the seal and start firing at the centipede . blast blast blast ! piece by piece brenner blast it , just like in the game . and as it die we see it retrograde back from real - looking centipede to the lower resolution 8 bit one from the game , finally to pixel of ENERGY that dissipate into the AIR . the dissipate pixel brush past brenner 's face . big seal Nice shoot , civilian . BRENNER I be not just a civilian . I 'ma nerd . he look at ludlow and make a decision . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) ludlow , grab a light cannon and get over here ! ludlow I ?! no! no ! I look delicious , he all eat I too !! 58 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 47 . BRENNER this guy do not know this game ! we be bear to do this ! the seal look to violet . violet talk into the walkie- talkie . violet Mr. President ? a beat of silence , then ... president cooper ( 0.s. ) ( quietly ) let the nerd take over . violet what be that , sir ? president cooper ( 0.s. ) let the nerd take over !!! a seal hand he light cannon to ludlow . ludlow look at brenner , terrify . then ... BRENNER lud ... hit the start button . ludlow ( take a deep breath ) what be I worried about ? I be the wonder kid . the two of they turn skyward and start blast away . they both kick ass . a scream centipede fly diagonally down for ludlow . ludlow blast it . it break in two right before it hit he . the two piece hit the ground and slither away . but ludlow quickly nail they both with a cool spin move . a hopping spider appear , and begins hopping super -fast toward admiral porter . admiral porter , terrified , lets out a high - pitched scream . BRENNER take AIM ( the gun barrel tilting up and down as he track the hop ) . he fire and nail the spider in the nick of time . the spider explode into a shower of pixel in the admiral 's face . BRENNER you be welcome , homeboy ! int . 10 downing STREET - night 58 everyone watch this . * + + + hk 59 60 61 62 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 48. president cooper yeah , boy ! shock and awe ! High score , bitch ! he turn , see everyone stare at he . prime minister you hear the president . cheer they on ! everyone in the room start cheer raucously . ext . hyde park - night 59 BRENNER only one leave !! daddy 's get ya ... brenner point to the remaining centipede . but it break right quick , moving toward the CITY ! brenner follows it out of the park , as ludlow , consume with blood - lust , continue shoot crazily into the sky . ext . park lane - night — continuous 60 the centipede run out into the street . pedestrian freak out , running away . brenner run out in hot pursuit . the centipede run to a apartment build and burst through the front door , moving inside . int . london apartment build - stairwell - night 61 the centipede dash up the stair . brenner charge after it . the centipede crash through the fifth floor door , into the hallway . int . apartment - night 62 a old woman be exercise along with a '' bun of steel '' , a English workout tv show . the centipede bust through the door and pass the tv . the woman do not notice , obsessed with she workout . the centipede turn back and stop beside the woman . the creature be mesmerize by the tv show , by the music ... the centipede mimic the movement of the workout , beginning to exercise along with she ... brenner run inside , take aim at the centipede . BRENNER why be you here ? what do you want ?! the centipede turn toward the window . brenner fire , miss the centipede and blows apart the tv . * HH HH * 63 64 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 49 . old woman I telly ! the centipede leap through the window . crash !!! ext . STREET below - night 63 a crowd of people be gather outside , see the centipede burst out the window , flying down toward they . they turn to run off . except for a little boy . he stare , in shock , at the fly centipede . it 's heading right down toward he . time slow down . brenner , piss off , appear at the window and take AIM . the centipede open its mouth . only a few feet from the boy . in slo mo BRENNER fire ! blast blast blast ! the tail end be hit and disappear again and again , the centipede get short and short till it 's just the head , open it 's mouth to eat the boy ... the last blast hit it . the centipede de-rese and pixelate into nothing . the Little Boy smile at he . little boy who be you , mister ? BRENNER Son , I be just a guy who 's good at old videogame . int . british pub - later - night 64 the guy , violet , the sas Officer and the seal be in the packed british pub with a ton of brit . the mood be celebratory . ludlow stand on top of a table , raise he glass ... ludlow drink be on the U.S. government ! the pack bar scream and toast . ludlow ( cont ’d ) ..- which be covering up the truth about the ancient pyramid under hoover dam ! the pack bar be confuse . brenner raise a glass to the guy and the seal . BRENNER to sgt. duff , who give he life for we freedom . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 50 . as they all drink to he , brenner turn to see violet smile at he . violet you be a good man , brenner . sorry I be so rough on you . BRENNER I appreciate that . and in exchange for you apology , I be get you drunk ! I be just let you_know in advance . which be the gentlemanly thing to do because as far as you know I be a gentleman . violet you can try . but just so you know I be the tequila shot record holder in my class at West Point . so it be not gonna be easy . they clink shot glass . violet downs hers , brenner throw he over he shoulder . BRENNER that 's one ... violet laugh . the door to the bar fly open and secret service come in follow by the President . the patron all cheer he . president cooper where be my gamer at ? Cooper kneel between brenner and ludlow , and put he arm around they . president cooper ( cont ’d ) look like all that time you waste when we be kid be finally pay off . the now - drunken sas Officer stand and hold up a pitcher . sas officer Sir ? might I pour you a frosty ? president cooper hey : I be the President of the United States , and a President can not be see drink during a time of crisis ... ( loosen he tie ) so nobody look ! Cooper grab the entire pitcher . the crowd cheer . as Cooper raise it to he lip ... 65 66 67 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 51 . every tv in the pub crackle to life . we see a bit of one tree hill . it break up . 80 's born in the USA era bruce springsteen come on screen . int . mothership - vhs footage 65 bruce springsteen congratulation . you have ( static ) win this battle . ( static ) please accept one of we warrior as a trophy of you victory . int . apartment - night 66 the Old woman who we meet before be sit on the couch in she trash apartment eat biscuit . a beam of light suddenly shine in the window . pixel swoop in and form into the dog from the game duck hunt . it hop on the couch and snuggle against she . the Old woman pet it . old woman well be not you a cute one ? give we a kiss , love ... the duck hunt Dog lick she face . int . british pub - night 67 everyone stare silently at springsteen on the tvs . bruce springsteen ( on tv ) the next challenge will not be ( static ) as easy . the detail will be send via this ( static ) signal shortly . remember , we be still lead two battle to one . ( static ) one more loss for you will mean ( static ) the annihilation of you world . springsteen go into a windmill move on he guitar , then the tv screen fade back to black . the celebratory mood have instantly turn funereal . president cooper alright , you hear the boss . let 's get back to work . we gotta get you guy ready for the next battle . ludlow we ? BRENNER no , we be not the guy , chew . we just step in to stop it from go wrong . today be a fluke . 68 69 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 52. president cooper a fluke ? you guy single - handedly repell a alien attack ! the world need you right now . Cooper look at brenner very seriously . president cooper ( cont ’d ) remember when I tell you that you be mean for something more in life ? this be it , buddy . violet he 's right , brenner . I hate to admit it , but you be the best . BRENNER not at every game ... the meaning of this sink in . ludlow oh please God no . BRENNER I do not want to see he either . but we might need he . int . penitentiary - day 68 Cooper , brenner and violet be lead into the prison by the warden . violet now open up the vet file on eddie plant . violet Eddie Plant : married and divorced four time , declare bankruptcy in 1991 and 2004 . in 2005 , he be catch hack the cell phone company and add one of that fee you see on you bill every month but have no idea what it be , make about 50 million before he be convict and sentence to twenty year in prison . this guy a good friend of yours ? BRENNER as I remember , we pretty much hate each other . int . holding room , jail - day 69 the warden lead brenner and violet into a room . adult eddie plant be here . he wear a goatee , a mullet and a few tattoo . when brenner walk in , Eddie act mock -terrify . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 53 . eddie plant warden , get I outta here ! it 's that mean centipede killer ! I hope he do not zap I with he space gun ! BRENNER hello , Eddie . eddie plant s'up , second place . and you sidekick , he really make something of hisself . ( before he can say thanks ) I do not know you could have a approval rating that '' catatastrophic '' . I think the warden in here be more popular than you . president cooper alright , here 's the deal ... in exchange for you help we , I will personally talk to the parole board about reduce you sentence . eddie plant ( sit back smugly ) pass . president cooper pass ? eddie plant that deal do not work for Eddie Plant . if you want the Fire blaster 's help , he have some demand . violet who 's the Fire blaster ? eddie plant I ! that 's my nickname ! BRENNER oh right , the one you make up . eddie plant who care who come up with it ?! it 's totally tubular ! look I have be watch the news . I know what 's go on out there . and I further know that he despise my white ass - BRENNER nooooyee . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 54 . eddie plant so you would not be here unless you really really need my help . which get I back to my original point : I have some demand . president cooper ( annoyed ) like what ? Eddie sit back and pull out a handwritten list of demand . eddie plant I want a island . BRENNER oh gad . eddie plant there be 18,617 name island that be part of the United States and its territory ! not to mention all the countless unnamed one . president cooper you be not get a island . eddie plant then I want a full pardon . I want to get out of here for good . and after I do I want to pay no more tax like forever . like if technology improve and I live forever I want to pay no tax , for-ev-er ! not even sale tax , if I buy some for instance gum , I want a card that say I save the world and I do not have to pay no shitball tax on gum . I want one of that stealth attack helicopter that they fly over the Super bowl - - at my disposal at all time to fly my white ass around . if the world be still here I do not want to have to deal with traffic anymore . and lastly I want you to set up a rendezvous with I , Taylor Swift and Jamie Lee curtis in the lincoln bedroom . Cooper stand and walk out . brenner go after he . BRENNER chewie ! Cooper stop , and he and brenner speak with quiet intensity in the doorway , out of earshot . president cooper I can not do this , sam. numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 55 . BRENNER we can not do it without he . president cooper he 's go to mess this up . he 's go to screw we over . they look back at Eddie , who 's blow kiss at violet . BRENNER he 's no day at the beach . but I think a lot of this be just a front . we be give he the chance to be a hero . even asshole like he want to be a hero . president cooper I do not know , man ... BRENNER you gotta trust I . Cooper think for a beat , then walk back to the table . president cooper 1 ) you be not get a helicopter or any sort of fly or drive vehicle . 2 ) I think the Federal government can probably do without you income tax and be okay . but sale tax you be on you own . and 3 ) if you help we beat this thing ... I think we can get you out of here . eddie plant -.- and the Swift / Lee curtis sandwich ? president cooper pick one of they . ( disgust ) we will see if we can set up ... a coffee . eddie plant Jamie Lee curtis . and we be close . Eddie smile and put out he cuffed hand to shake cooper . violet 's phone ring . she answer , nod , then hang up . violet it 's happen tonight . BRENNER and cooper where ? violet New York City . 70 71 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) CUT to Eddie Plant , hold he crotch . eddie plant fuhgeddaboutit !!! ext . manhattan - day - establishing the great city in the world . ext . new york CITY - staging area - day 56 . 70 71 a military truck pull up , and violet , brenner , Eddie ( with sunglass on he head ) and ludlow hop out . they get cheer . ludlow can not believe it . the guy be wear dark blue '' arcader '' suit . Eddie have a gps bracelet on he ankle . eddie plant hello Big Apple , the cavalry have arrive ! the police commissioner walk over . police commissioner thanks for come . we see how you guy handle the centipede , and hope you can do the same for we . BRENNER I hope so too . so what be we deal with ? the commissioner call over a rookie cop . he be drape in a blanket , shake up . police commissioner rookie ! tell ‘em what you see . the rookie cop come over , he eye saucer of fear . rookie cop it ... it come out of the cloud . and then it start attack . devour everything in it 's path . it be awful ! it be like a scene out of a monster movie , you know ? except this time the monster be real ... BRENNER alright . and who be this monster ? rookie cop p-p-p-pac man! the arcader all laugh . * hhh hhh + * 72 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 57 . ludlow pac man ? that little yellow rascal 's get you this work up ? eddie plant ( fire up ) all right let 's get that lasergun - deal and blast this bodyless eat machine back to whatever planet it come from so I can get my pardon . BRENNER that 's not how you defeat pacman . he get vaporize by a ghost . eddie plant okay . so where do we get we some ghost ? CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET - day 72 on the street we see four mini cooper -- each of they paint a color like the ghost from pacman . violet point to a high tech metal contraption attached to the roof of each of the mini cooper . violet we use the energy force field technology from the cube to develop 4 mini generator for each of the car / " ghost . '' we be call they 2950 attack module . BRENNER and we be call ‘em '' ghost cooper . '' but there 's four of they , and only three of we . who 's we fourth ? a older japanese man , toru iwatani , step forward . he be wear a jumpsuit like brenner , ludlow and Eddie . violet May I introduce Professor toru iwatani ... the inventor of pac man . ludlow ( bow ) iwatani-san ! the honor , be mine . domo arigato ! BRENNER Sir , you be a genius . thanks for all the pleasure you have bring to we life . + hk 73 74 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) eddie plant I make you game my bitch ! prof . iwatani what be ... '' beetch '' ? BRENNER do not worry about that , Professor . welcome aboard . let 's get to work . 58 . the guy go to they car . brenner , nervous but try not to show it , struggle with strapping himself in . violet see . violet here , I all help you . she help strap he in . violet ( cont 'd ) assume they follow the rule of the game like they do with centipede , if you guy hit pacman three time with this energy field , we win . BRENNER ludlow be right : you do smell nice . they look at each other . violet good luck . she walk off . brenner smile and start the ghostcooper ext . brooklyn bridge - later - dusk there 's a traffic jam of people try to get out of the city . police helicopter circle overhead . the four Mini cooper race across the bridge , be lead by a heavy police escort . ext . manhattan STREET - later - night the guy drive the four ghostcooper with licence plate * 73 + hk * 74 that say inky , blinky , pinky and clyde down the street . they speak to each other on comm . ludlow why be I pinky ? BRENNER at least you be not blinky . how can you be a badass drive blinky ? 75 76 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 59 . eddie plant I love be clyde . clyde 's cool . clyde 's for real . prof . iwatani enough jibber -jabber ! it do not matter which ghost you be ! ( to himself , delighted ) as long as I be inky ... ext . manhattan - staging area - night 75 we see violet at a command center . violet ( into the comm ) gentlemen , I 'il be send pac man 's current coordinate to each of you car 's gps 's . failure be not a option . ext . manhattan street — night 76 the ghostcooper roll into the city . we see people fleeing . destruction . it 's like a scene out of a godzilla movie . we hear the familiar SOUND of pacman moving , eating , but now on a grander scale . they head towards the noise . it 's get louder and louder . they round the corner and see the pacman . he be like a giant yellow , three dimensional version of the one from the game . crowd of people flee from he . the slower one be devoure by pacman , along with abandon car , motorcycle ... eddie plant look at the size of that thing ! it look like Barry bond 's head ! BRENNER I can not believe pac -man 's a bad guy . prof . iwatani be near tear , stunne by what he see . prof . iwatani pac-man be not bad ! I create he to bring joy to all the people of the world ! they have brainwash he ! deep down , he be gentle , kind , someone you could tell you trouble to , or grab a hamburger with ... you will see ! prof . iwatani get out of the car and approach pac-man . BRENNER Professor iwatani ! what be you do ?!... * * hhh hhh * + + 77 78 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 60 . prof . iwatani I will talk to he . he be my son . prof . iwatani approach pac-man , who study he suspiciously . prof . iwatani ( cont ’d ) hello , my sweet little boy . look how big you have grow ! I be proud of you . but this destructive thing you be do , they be wrong . I be you father ... prof . iwatani give he a warm smile , reach out to touch pac -man ... prof . iwatani ( cont ’d ) and I know you be a good boy -- pac- man open he mouth and chomp off prof . iwatani 's hand . he scream , as the top of he wrist pixelate away . prof . iwatani ( cont ’d ) aaaaaah ! kill this stupid beeeeetch !! prof . iwatani turn and run away , disappearing down the street , among the crowd . BRENNER that be some crazy pinocchio shiz - nit right there . pacman glare at brenner . they stare at each other for a moment . then pacman quickly turn and start head in the opposite direction . eddie plant alright loser , three on one , let 's hit it ! the three remaining ghost -cooper haul ass and take off after pacman . ext . manhattan STREET - night 77 camera follow behind pacman as he fly down the street . he eat a commuter bus . just like the game he turn on a dime , flying down another street . the ghostcooper chase after . int . georgetown mansion - day 78 the handsome homeowner from the beginning of the movie , he gorgeous wife and they three kid be watch the pac-man attack on they tape up tv ( it look kind of like a oj style car chase ) . a headshot of brenner appear . + + +e hhh + + * + hk 79 80 81 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 61 . third child hey , that 's the nerd who break we tv! int . ghostcooper / various - night 79 BRENNER he 's faster than I remember . brenner shift into high gear and floors it . the three ghostcooper be nip at its heel , but pacman be still faster . eddie plant pac man 's always be faster than the ghost . we be gonna have to out maneuver he ass . wonder fro - you and brenner break off . i’1l stay with Big yellow . in they car , brenner and ludlow turn off in a different direction . Eddie be in hot pursuit . we see Eddie lower he sunglass . int . manhattan —- staging area - night 80 violet look at the satellite footage and map of the street . we see Eddie 's car chasing after pacman on the screen , while ludlow and brenner 's car move into position to flank he . with the grid of the CITY and he eating the SMALL car in he path it really doe look like the game . violet alright , you need to start think about how to trap he -- on the screen , we see the orange shape representing eddie 's car move clear across the grid instantaneously . violet ( cont 'd ) huh ? Eddie , how do you do that so fast ? eddie plant Cause I be the champ , sugar bun ! ludlow , turn right at the next intersection ; brenner , turn leave and then he 's cheese . ext . manhattan street / various - night 81 pacman continue chomping he way through traffic . Eddie be now zoom toward he . pac man try to double back , but BRENNER and ludlow 's car be there ! 82 83 84 85 86 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 62. BRENNER * nope . * ludlow * sorry . * Eddie slam into the back of pacman ! we hear the noise from the game when a ghost kill pacman . pacman scream . he let out a big roar that rock the city . BRENNER one down ! * int . manhattan —- staging area - night 82 violet two to go ! violet look at the satellite footage . violet ( cont 'd ) okay , iwatani Son number 2 just be - * generate four street away , now head northbound . so turn east at the next intersection . int . ghostcooper - various - night 83 brenner , ludlow and Eddie be back in pursuit of pacman . int . manhattan —- staging area - night 84 violet okay ... brenner stay straight . ludlow go leave . fireblaster right . * ext . manhattan street / various - night 85 the three ghost -cooper roll down various street . brenner be hot on pacman 's tail . pacman turn a corner . all three car close in . ludlow we got he ! he have nowhere to go ! all of they smile . then brenner see something and they * face fall . BRENNER oh dip . * int . manhattan - staging area - continuous 86 violet oh dip what ? oh dip what ?! * 87 88 89 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 63. ext . manhattan STREET - continuous 87 we see pacman and the Three ghostcooper on three side of he . then on the fourth side we see ... a giant power pill ! pacman eat it . he start to glow and shake . scream ludlow veer right . BRENNER shift into reverse and floors it . powered up pacman head after he . ext . manhattan STREET - continuous 88 brenner still flooring it in reverse as pacman chase he with a vengeance like the T - rex in jurassic Park . violet ( over comm ) what 's happen ?! BRENNER a power pill ! he 's get ten second where he can eat we . brenner then make a hard turn . he look and pacman be gone . ext . manhattan street / various - continuous 89 ludlow stop . look around . he do not see he anywhere . he be breathe heavily , hyper-ventilate . then in he rear view we see pacman quickly coming toward he from behind . ludlow hit the gas . pacman chase he , he 's faster than ludlow and quickly catch up to the ghost -cooper . pacman open he mouth and ... bite off the back hatch of ludlow 's car . leave a gaping hole . ludlow , eye wide , scream ! freak out ludlow floors the gas . but pacman be still chasing he , still chomping . pacman take another bite and gobbles up the entire rear section of the car . ludlow be literally drive on two wheel . his seat the only thing separate he from pacman , who be still in hot pursuit . only a few inches from gobble up ludlow . he try to jump , but he seatbelt be jammed ! he emit a girlish scream , keep pull on he seat belt . about to be pac-food , ludlow hit the brake , cause the car to spin around , face pacman , whose mouth open wide ... the seatbelt finally break free and ludlow leap out of the OPEN back of he vehicle right as pacman eat it ! again we hear the deafening ghost - eating SOUND . then pacman 's power boost finally run out . ludlow lie on the ground , defenseless without he ghostcooper . pacman now start coming after ludlow . 90 91 a92 92 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 64 . ludlow take off running down the street as pacman chase he . ludlow * do not do this ! you have be * brainwash ! you be a good boy ! * pacman be about to eat ludlow when eddie 's ghostcooper blast into he from the side . pacman scream again . die . eddie plant you just get fireblasted , sucker ! ludlow sigh , then pass out on the ground . int . manhattan —- staging area - night 90 violet look at the command map , confuse . violet how the hell do he get over there so fast ? ext . manhattan street - night 91 BRENNER Nice work , Eddie . one more and it 's * happy hour . * eddie plant cake . they spot pac man move away at the far end of a long avenue . they shift they ghostCooper into high gear and speed after he side by side . but then Eddie really floor it and zoom ahead . * eddie plant ( cont 'd ) * you don ’t mess with the * fireblaster ! * Eddie , do about 120 , get really close when pac-man suddenly turn leave . Eddie , go too fast , can not negotiate the turn and continue on straight - right into New York Harbor . ext . new york harbor / int . eddie 's ghostcooper - night a92 * eddie plant * the fireblaster can not swim ! * int . manhattan —- staging area - night 92 * violet we be send a boat ! brenner , it 's on you . there be three other power pill still out there . so stay alert . 93 94 95 96 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 65 . int . blinky ( BRENNER 's car ) - night 93 brenner stop in the middle of the street . breathe heavy , feel the pressure . maybe feel like get out of there . then ... BRENNER I get this . if I do not , the world end . no big deal . brenner shift into high gear and head after pacman . ext . manhattan street - night 94 as brenner chase pacman through the street we see the sidewalk line with new yorker cheering he on . brenner see this and it really impact he . he can not help but smile . violet ( 0.s . ) brenner , he 's lead you directly towards one of the power pill . get out of there ! up ahead brenner see the power pill . pacman head for it . brenner slam on the brake . he be about to throw it in reverse and get out of there . but then he stop . get another idea . he turn the car around and then just sit there . int . manhattan —- staging area - night 95 they all watch , nervous , on the monitor as pacman eat the pill . and brenner be just sit there . not moving . violet what the hell be he do ? ext . manhattan STREET —- continuous 96 power up pacman turn toward brenner , who still wait . BRENNER one , two ... violet ( over the comm ) dammit , brenner , I have a son who I would like to see grow up . get out of there !!! pacman head for brenner , who throws it in gear and take off . backward . pacman be racing toward he . brenner reverse into a parking garage and keep counting . BRENNER you 'il see you boy grow up ... four , five ... 97 98 99 100 101 102 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 66 . int . parking garage - night 97 brenner drive in reverse , as pacman chase he up the ramp of the garage , send debris and pixelate rubble everywhere . int . blinky ( BRENNER 's car ) - night 98 brenner keep counting . sweat roll down he face . BRENNER .-- Seven , eight ... pacman be gaining by the second . and brenner be not diving out . int . manhattan - staging area - night 99 violet BRENNER get out , it 's go to eat you ! int . blinky ( BRENNER 's car ) -— continuous 100 brenner look back , see that he 's reach the top of the garage . head backwards toward a guard rail . several stories in the air . he can ’t stop in time . BRENNER .-- nine ... ext . parking garage - night 101 brenner 's car crash through the guard rail , fly through the air , between the rooftop of two building . pac- man sail out behind he , open he mouth , about to eat brenner 's mini- Cooper ... BRENNER ten . and with that the mini - cooper turn blue . pac -man can ’t stop . he chomp down on BRENNER 's car , exactly as the same moment as powered up pacman 's power run out . pacman dissolves , scream . boooo - oop ! we hear the noise as pacman die . it 's he third death ! we hear the game over / victory noise . the guy win ! brenner 's car slam down onto the opposite rooftop , spin to a stop and drive out of the garage . int . manhattan - staging area - night 102 the Command Center erupt in cheer . * * +h of + + * 103 104 105 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 67 . int . matty 's dad be house - night 103 * matty be watch this on tv with he dad and sinnamon . matty 's dad that guy 's gotta lot of ball to pull a maneuver like that . that be pretty phenomenal . * matty yeah . his name 's Sam brenner . he * install we new home theater . Mom 's in love with he . matty 's dad immediately look jealous . sinnamon look mad that he 's jealous . int . white house - live quarter - night 104 * Cooper and he wife watch this happily on tv . president cooper that 's we second win . we be all tie up , baby ! first lady that 's so great . can Sarah 's family come with we to the vineyard this summer ? president cooper huh ? sure . I guess . what ? ext . manhattan street - night 105 brenner get out of the Cooper and see the people of New York * cheer . a jeep pull up , and a wet Eddie Plant in a robe * get out . eddie plant you be pretty good , brenner . not as good as I , but pretty good . they shake hand . as brenner and Eddie be be mobbed by well - wisher , ludlow emerge from the crowd with something hide under a blanket . ludlow I think I find we '' trophy '' . he lift the blanket so the other guy can see - it 's a fidgety , grumble , 3 foot tall q- bert . he 's pretty cute . BRENNER Holy crap , it 's q - bert ! 106 107 108 109 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 68. eddie plant can I kill it ? q- bert make a extra-sad face . BRENNER no ! leave he alone . maybe later , I do not know . hide that thing ! I want to play with that later ... ludlow pull the blanket down over q- bert as the appreciative crowd close in on they . fade to a flatscreen tv . news report in progress . 106 news reporter after yesterday 's victory over pac- man in New York , the arcader spend the day practice for they final battle ... channel change to a different news show . 107 anchor a large spacecraft have be detect near Jupiter - and it 's head toward Earth . there be speculation that the alien be come to watch the final game in person , or in alien , I guess ... channel change to Shep and megyn . 108 shep smith the space ship be expect to arrive here in three day ... megyn kelly -..and what the alien will find be a President whose approval rating have skyrockete . channel change to Cooper address a news conference . 109 president cooper I would urge everyone to carry on business as usual . I have every confidence in the arcader to meet the final challenge ... a reporter call out from the crowd . reporter thank you for save we , Mr. President ! numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 69 . the rest of the reporter break into applause . Cooper smile . president cooper do not thank I ; it 's the arcader who have bring we here to the brink of victory . Sam brenner have assemble a unbeatable team , and we owe they a huge debt of gratitude . reporter we understand you be throw a soiree in they honor this evening . president cooper we be , but do not worry ; they 'il have they arcader suit on under they tux , ready to go at a moment 's notice -- int . admiral porter 's office - night 110 tv click off . camera pull back , we be inside Admiral porter' military office . he have be watch the tv . he stare off , deep in think , troubled . int . darpa —- lab & rec area - day 111 we be in the same huge room where ludlow address the seal . it have be transformed into the arcader hq : there be Humvees , light cannon , scary look tech , along with load of arcade game , a gym area and small '' hang out '' area , where matty be play warworld with brenner . BRENNER there 's no rhyme or reason to this new game . they be just come out from everywhere all at once . matty if someone program it , there 's a pattern , you just need to find it . in the meantime just shoot the demon soldier 's spine out of he back . BRENNER so violent . you sure you should be see this ? matty yeah , my Mom let I play this game all the time . BRENNER not you . him . + + * + hf numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 70 . reveal q-bert , seat on the couch next to matty , watch the screen , shell shocked . matty he do look a little freak out . BRENNER what 's he do out of he cage anyway ? what if they be trick we , and he 's actually a bad guy ? matty come on , brenner . you think that cutie pie could actually be a bad guy ? q- bert make he eye big and saucery , and make a cute squeaky noise . BRENNER maybe you should take he on the trampoline for a few minute ? he 's be sit here all morning . q-bert ( excited ) trampoline ! trampoline ! matty we will do that while you go ask my Mom to the ball tomorrow night . he gesture toward the other side of the huge room , where violet be in work clothes , fine tuning a scary look giant dig dug pump pump up a pixel to giant size . Michael the robot be help she . BRENNER she look pretty busy work on that dig - dug pump ... matty believe I , she 's go . she try on five dress this morning . she 's die to celebrate . BRENNER I do not know what we be celebrate . we have not win yet . ( a beat ) do you mom say she want I to ask she ? matty no . but if you do not ask she , you know Eddie will ... + hk * + + + hk + a112 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 71 . he gesture toward another part of the huge room , where Eddie and ludlow be play '' Space invader '' side - by-side . Eddie be yell at the machine . * eddie plant nobody invade my space , baby ! nobody ! ludlow * you be hurt my ear ! stop * yell ! * BRENNER whatever . what if I be not attract to you mother ? matty give he a be - you-kid look . so do q - bert . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) alright , alright . matty and q- bert run off to a area in the far corner of the room , where a small workout area ( include a trampoline ) have be set up . both climb on and begin jump up and down . brenner take a deep breath and walk over to violet , who 's tightening a bolt . int . darpa —- lab area — continuous a112 * BRENNER violet hi. hi. BRENNER ( cont 'd ) yeah ... so ... violet so ... michael the robot so ... brenner and violet look at he . michael the robot ( cont ’d ) um , I be gonna go charge up . Michael leave . BRENNER so this thing tomorrow night , I feel kind * of obligate to make a appearance , and I be think , if you be gonna be there too , then when you get there , we could , you know , hang out together . violet like a date ? numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 72. BRENNER no , nothing like that , just ... yeah , that . a date . in the bg , we see matty jump on the trampoline to propel q- bert to crazy height , where he do flip after flip . violet ( teasing ) um ... I do not know . you do say that I be '' snobby '' , and have '' mental problem '' . BRENNER well , let 's face it , you do , but I be willing to overlook that . in the background , q - bert bounce so high he head get catch in the ceiling . he make he funny '' game over '' sound . int . HOTEL ballroom - night 112 a huge gala . a swing band play a jaunty tune . but then the band stop , mid-so , and quickly begin play '' hail to the Chief '' . the President have arrive . he be accompany by brenner and the first Lady ; all be enthusiastically applaud . BRENNER I wish they play my theme song every time I walk into a party . president cooper that would be cool , but most orchestras do not know '' the Safety dance '' . ( point ) glad to see ludlow and he mom make it . CUT to ludlow and he mom at the buffet table . she 's sneaking chicken tender into she purse . ludlow Mom , everyone can see you do that ! ludlow's mom oh , come on , luddie . what 's the difference if we eat they now or later ? put some tartar sauce in you pocket . back to BRENNER , cooper and the first lady . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 73 . first lady I be die to meet Sam 's new love interest . be she pretty , will ? president cooper uh , define '' pretty '' . I mean , you be pretty , extremely pretty , and she 's , I mean , in a sense , certainly for a military -- ( look up , see something ) she 's a ten . what he see be violet walk in , in she full dress uniform . she look amazing . she 's hold hand with matty , who 's in a tux . matty q- bert ! matty see q- bert , also in a tux ( with a bandage on he head ) , get down on the dance floor , and run to play with he . brenner walk over to violet , and salute . violet hi . you look nice . BRENNER thanks . I know we be on duty , and could get the call at any time , but chewie say I be allow have half a beer . want to split one with I ? violet lead the way . as brenner and violet walk off , we see Eddie Plant walk in with jamie lee curtis . a burly secret service agent stand between they . eddie plant well looky here , a big party to thank I for save the world ! and you get to stand next to I all night . how do that feel ? jamie lee curtis Real special , Eddie . ( to secret service agent ) they say they have give I a island if I do this . CUT to professor iwatani dance with Jennifer the Assistant , '' raise the roof '' with one hand miss . 113 113pt numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) int . HOTEL ballroom - later - night 74 . 113 brenner and violet be on the outskirt of the party , share a beer . BRENNER so what 's this sinnamon look like ? violet what do you mean ? she 's a husband - steal yoga teacher . she 's hot ! BRENNER not that hot though , right ? Girls like that , who go with older guy , always have one thing wrong with they , like big nostril or a huge forehead or something . violet no , sinnamon be pretty much perfect ... except she eye be too far apart . she kind of look like a flounder . BRENNER boom , there it be . tonight , he 's gonna be look into that eye , think , '' what happen ? I use to look into the most gorgeous eye in the world , now I be stick with goggle - eye mcgee . '' violet do you just say I have gorgeous eye ? BRENNER while insulting the other chick . violet oh , you be good . back near the dance floor , Cooper be watch he wife dance with ludlow ( eye close , head rest on she shoulder ) , when ludlow 's Mom walk over . ludlow 's mom I do not mean to bother you , Mr. President , but I want to say how proud I be of you . president cooper Mrs. lamonsoff , you can call I will , you have know I since I be 12 . ludlow's mom thank you , President will of America , sir . see ? you have not change . ( more ) 113pt * 113pt2 113pt3 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) ludlow 's mom ( cont 'd ) you be still the same good boy you always be . when they say that nonsense on the news , about how you make bad decision and you be maybe a little slow and a coward and too unattractive for such a pretty wife , I just say , '' I would like to see you do better , Mr. News man . '' you gonna finish that shrimp ? on the cocktail plate Cooper be hold , among several 75 . discard shrimp tail , be one shrimp with a bite take out . Cooper hand it to ludlow 's Mom . at the bar , Eddie be chat up Jamie Lee curtis , the secret service agent hover nearby . eddie plant people talk about brenner this and brenner that , but make no mistake : the Fire blaster 's the leader of this crew -- jamie lee curtis who 's the Fire blaster again ? eddie plant I , Jamie Lee ! you know , Fire blaster 's be in prison for 8 year . have not be with a woman since ' 05 . you be in for a real treat tonight . jamie lee curtis you be not go to touch I . eddie plant alright. ( to himself ) shoulda go with Swift . at least I woulda get a song write about what a tool I be . back to BRENNER and violet violet so can I ask you a question ? and I promise this have nothing to do with my alleged snobbiness ... but I have see what you be capable of this past few week . so how come you be set up people 's home entertainment system for a live ? BRENNER I do not know . I never really be great at anything except video game , and it turn out I be not even the best at that ... 113pt2 113pt3 * + hk numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 76 . quick CUT to Eddie , dance sexy to impress Jamie Lee curtis . violet so you do not think you be good at anything unless you be the best in the world at it ? BRENNER no , I just ... I have my shot , I blow it and now I be who I be , and I be comfortable with that . violet that sound like a cop-out . I have the worst acne in the lower 48 state when I be 15 , and I do not curl up in a ball and cry . BRENNER oh no , be I about to learn a lesson ? violet sorry , no . I just think you have a lot of talent you do not give yourself credit for . my son say you be the only cool adult he 's ever meet . BRENNER you and you boy be talk about I ? I like that . violet oh yeah , I have be ask around about you . I also speak to the President ... BRENNER uh-oh . what do he say ? violet that you be a great guy . anda loyal friend . and a lightweight drinker . but I already know all that . BRENNER do he also tell you about my reputation as a really good kisser ? violet amazing kisser be what you say to I in the closet . but no , that he do not mention . I guess if I have not snobbishly shut you down , I would know for sure by now . * + hk + hk es * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 77 . BRENNER * well here come you last chance to find out ... * * 113pt4 and with that brenner move in for a kiss . but he 's 113pt4 interrupt by sound of tinkling glass . the President have a announcement . president cooper lady and gentleman , I be proud to introduce a special message to the arcader from the student of ps 159 in New York City ! large tv screen surround the party flicker to life . they display image of smile schoolkid , dress in mini- arcader outfit . * * schoolkid New York be in trouble , pac man cause a ruckus , but the arcader save we , Cause they be bad mother -- but the image flicker and distort into 80 's era daryl hall and JOHN oate . daryl hall ( on tv ) people of earth : you have violate the rule of warfare . because of this , you forfeit and you planet be now ( static ) ours . president cooper '' violate the rule ? '' what the hell do that mean ? Eddie nervously gulp he drink . JOHN oate ( on the tv ) in twelve hour , we will commence * with the all - out destruction of Earth . after that , we will sing this about you precious planet ... daryl hall ( on the tv ) she 's go -o-o-o-o0 - o-one ! the tv 's go dark . people begin murmure , upset . Admiral * porter turn on brenner , accusatory . admiral porter * what do you do ? numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 78 . BRENNER I do not do anything . I do not know what they be talk about . I think we obey every rule -- admiral porter you think wrong , civilian ! we waste we one chance on you , a hi- fi repairman ! you be give every available resource , and still you fumble ! BRENNER but I - - admiral porter but nothing ! you hear Hall and oate : you blow it ! I have see you file : you have never accomplish a damn thing in you life ! and you streak continue ! president cooper that 's enough , Admiral . we try something , it do not work . now we have to prepare for a invasion ... ludlow 's mom let 's ask Jamie Lee ! she know how to deal with alien ! jamie lee curtis there 's only one thing we can do ... as Jamie Lee grab a bottle of Jim beam off the bar , and start chugge , Eddie be quietly back away . Cooper , violet , Admiral porter and other huddle together to discuss the invasion . president cooper how many light cannon do we currently have ? admiral porter I think we need to forget the light saber and the vulcan death grip and focus on a conventional military response . violet we know that will not work . admiral porter no , Lieutenant , nothing you have do have work . ( more ) 114 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 79 . admiral porter ( cont 'd ) sometimes I wonder if you be not work for the martian yourself . violet Drop dead , porter . admiral porter consider yourself relieved of you command ! ( turn to Cooper ) Mr. President , we need to prepare we entire nuclear arsenal ... ext . ball - night 114 outside the ballroom , there be a large brick terrace . Eddie quietly exit the party and creep across the terrace until ... matty go someplace , fireblaster ? matty be sit on a stone bench . eddie plant uh , yeah . Jamie Lee be all over my jock , but it 's kind of turn I off - you know , needy actress - so I just think I have -- matty up/up/left/down/up/right . the pac man cheat code for super speed . eddie plant I do not know what you be talk about , kid . matty put on sunglass . Eddie 's sunglass . matty a cop fished this out of the East River the night you fall in , and give they to I to return to you . I be go to give they back to you today , but then I see some interesting thing write on the inside of the lense . ( dramatically take off glass ) you be a cheater . BRENNER ( 0.c . ) who 's a cheater ? we see that the door to the party be open , and brenner , ludlow , violet and iwatani be stand there . * * hhh HH hk hhh hhh HH hhh of + + * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 80 . Eddie walk back toward they as he speak , get emotional . eddie plant okay , it be I ... I use cheat code back in the day to help I dominate . so I figure , why not use ‘em when we fight pac -man in New York - and it work ! I zipped across half the city in no time ! ludlow it do not work . Cause now we be all gonna die . eddie plant I do not know ! I want to win ! ( point to iwakani ) why have you have to make the game so hard ? why ?! suddenly - thousand of light flicker on - the gigantic alien ship be hovering directly above . a portal open , and a beam of light fall on matty . fear fill he eye as he begins rising in the AIR . brenner run toward he , too late to help . violet matty !!! int . violet 's house - night 115 brenner , ludlow , violet and q- bert sit , miserable , in the kitchen , drink coffee . violet I can not believe they take a kid as a trophy . sick bastard . BRENNER look , there 's gotta be something we can do . ludlow maybe the mothership have some vulnerability , like the death Star ... violet matty 's on that ship . ludlow that cheating loser Eddie should be here help we . HH hhh + es * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) BRENNER he crawle into a hole somewhere , lud ; we will never see he again . chewie will not take my call . violet get the boot . we be on we own . there 's a quiet , miserable beat . then ... q-bert this feel like my planet . no fun , no laughter . only war . BRENNER I think I live on that planet during my first marriage . violet ( realize ) wait a second : q- bert be from there ! he know all they secret ! q-bert we be once a happy planet . before we be attack . violet who attack you ? q-bert the varellian Armada . ludlow the varellian Armada . that sound so cool , so sci-fi . BRENNER ludlow : focus. ( to q-bert ) so you be happy , then you get invade , so now you just attack random planet for fun ? q-bert we attack when other planet threaten we . BRENNER but we do not threaten you . it be just footage of game . q-bert they do not understand '' game '' . all they know be war . violet so why do not you tell they , q - bert ? stop they ? 81 . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 83. ext . WASHINGTON DC STREET - day 116 wide shot - the mothership come out of the cloud . we see it fully for the first time . it 's the ship from galaga . the portal open . arcade character come to life , pour out . it 's a all STAR version of various arcade game from the eighties . but this time they be not here to play game , but to bring about our destruction . joust character surround the Washington monument and start to destroy it . pan down to see brenner , ludlow , violet and q- bert on the street . moving fast . they be all in arcader suit , but without weapon . they seem intimidate ( especially ludlow ) , but be run toward the mothership ( as the few people still around run the other way ) . everywhere around they , car be overturned , crashed and pixelated . section of the street explode behind they . ludlow be you sure we need to do this ? I mean , maybe we can just find another planet to live on . I hear there 's a secret city on Mars where rich people be gonna live when there 's a nuclear war . they have greenhouse there , and zero-gravity gym , and free HBO ... suddenly , they stop . see something ahead . a frogger . leaping toward they . they run the other way , but the frogger be too fast . ludlow ( cont 'd ) this be it ! just when they be about to be pounce on , a crane scoop descend from the sky . it scoops up the frogger in its jaw , and lift it in the air , suspending it so it can do no harm . brenner , ludlow and violet eyeball the crane , follow the steel cable to the arm to the cab , where a man in a suit and a chewbacca mask open the door and emerge . he take off the mask . it 's cooper . president cooper nobody 's better at the crane game than I ! BRENNER chewie , what be you do ? what 's with the disguise ? * * * + + * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 84 . president cooper I know you guy be we only hope , but nobody agree with I . they be try to bring I down to some underground bunker . so I '' go rogue '' . ( gesture toward a van ) * and I bring gift . CUT to the van . back door be open , and inside be a stack * of light cannon . * int . alley - two minute later 117 they be pull the light cannon out of the van . brenner * grab a cannon , ludlow grab two . * BRENNER lud , I think you should stay here * on the ground . this people need * protection , too . * ludlow oh gad , thank you for not make I go up on the spaceship ... I mean , * cool . president cooper so the rest of we go get matty and destroy the what again ... violet Zorex . president cooper sound like a word ludlow make up . ludlow so sci-fi ... BRENNER ( turn to ludlow ) save as many people as possible . we will see you on the other side . ludlow hug brenner hard . ludlow live long . laugh much . Love often . BRENNER use deodorant . ludlow can not help but smile . he take off shoot . violet brenner , can I get a light cannon ? * 120 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 85 . he hand one to she . she instantly and expertly nail three * asteroid that be head straight for they . violet ( cont 'd ) ( off guy impressed look ) what , I do not go to arcade grow up ? we target be this way . let 's go . violet take off . Cooper cock a eyebrow at brenner . president cooper ( be : violet ) that be pretty hawt . how you do with that ? BRENNER not bad . I think if I save the kid , * I be in . ext . STREET , DC - day 118 ludlow be jogging down the street , scream like a madman , blast berzerk robot and dig - dug dragon ( come out of the ground ) . he then come upon a bus full of kide try to get out of the city . it 's surrounded by a group of biddy bandit ( ninja - like * character from lady lisa ) . the bandit climb the bus , try to get inside . ludlow get away from that kid now ! ... please . it 's ludlow so it do not sound that badass . also he add please . the bandit turn . ludlow blast they . they do -re . the child cheer from inside the bus . ludlow wave , then do a weapon - fire celebration shuffle , prompt another cheer from the kid . then he see ... step out from behind the bus . it 's lady lisa . ludlow 's jaw drop . smash CUT to : int . video game championship , the 8ux - flashback 119 * we see young ludlow talk to the lady lisa on the side of * the video game cabinet . * young ludlow Lady Lisa , I ’1ll love you till the end of time . CUT back to the present : ext . WASHINGTON DC STREET - day 120 * ludlow stare , as she move toward he . with each step , she become more real , until she be no longer cgi . but totally flesh and blood . ludlow lower he weapon . smitten . 121 122 123 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 86 . ludlow I spend most of my formative year try to figure out a way to make you come to life all weird Science style . I use every birthday wish , every shoot star , every 11:11 on the clock . I pray for this . she growls and pull out her sword . ludlow ( cont 'd ) ..- but without a sword ! she charge at he as ludlow scream . ext . WASHINGTON DC - street - day 121 brenner , Cooper , violet and q-bert be move in the direction that everybody else be flee from . in the background we hear explosion and video game sound and see cloud of pixelated smoke . they round the corner and see .. the massive mothership , hovering almost directly above 122 they . suddenly , with a deafen rattle , the portal open . the beam shoot out . violet be grimly determine , but brenner and Cooper exchange terrified glance . brenner stick he arm into the beam . it depixelate , and the cube fly up toward the mothership . the one - armed brenner wink at violet , then step all the way in , instantly de - pixelate . violet follow . Cooper look at q - bert , terrify . president cooper shoulda go to the bunker ! but then brace himself and step into it . q- bert , laugh to himself , do a impersonation . q-bert shoulda go to the bunkerrrrrr ! q- bert step nose - first into the beam . int . mothership - continuing - day 123 brenner , Cooper , violet and q- bert re- pixelate ( q - bert nose first ) and slowly OPEN they eye and see that they be still alive . the inside of the ship resemble a huge warehouse . it 's smoky , dark . in front of they they see a metal barrel . it say oil . all of a sudden it light up , a FIRE in it . numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 87 . this now illuminate metal ramp and scaffolding that go way up . they look around , wonder what this be . BRENNER where be we ? q-bert , what be this place ? q-bert this be ... neeeewwww ! suddenly , they hear a deafening pounding from above . cooper what the hell be that ?! the pounding continue from above and it 's getting louder , closer , faster . we see two giant feet , stomping on the top platform . suddenly , the scaffold shift , as if hit by a massive earthquake . it re-arranges into the diagonal version of the game . brenner look up . at the top of the scaffold , peer over the edge , step out of the shadow , be a giant character : BRENNER donkey Kong . donkey kong be big and come to life . he pound he chest . president cooper it have to be donkey Kong ... violet matty ! she 's point to a cell way at the top , behind donkey Kong . matty , the indian kid and the handsome sailor be inside . matty Mom ! donkey Kong start tossing barrel down the ramp . there be no_room for they to avoid they if they want to get to the top . this should look just like the game come to life . president cooper I mean , it 's just a barrel ! how bad could it hurt ? with that another barrel come smashing down . it leave a giant dent in the metal ground and then land on and crush the oil barrel to nothing extinguishing the FIRE . q-bert baaaaad . 124 125 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 88. ext . back on the ground - continuous - day 124 Lady Lisa attack ludlow with she sword . ludlow , conflict , grab a dropped pixel sword from one of the bandit . he deflect Lady Lisa 's many blow with the sword . ludlow you do not have to do this , my love , I sense the good in you . int . spaceship - day 125 the barrel be heading toward they from above fast and furiously . violet attempt to shoot the barrel with she light cannon . it fail . BRENNER gun do not work in this game . there 's only one thing we can do ... jump !!! they jump the first barrel , and the second ... but there be more and more barrel coming . they duck under some , jump over other . they run to the ladder . brenner watch a barrel roll over head on the ramp above . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) get up the ladder ! fast ! ! brenner be the first up the ladder . he run to the next level . he reach up and grab the hammer . but a barrel be head toward he from overhead . cooper incoming ! ! brenner try to duck out of the way , but the fly barrel knock the hammer from he hand , send it down into the bowel of the ship . Cooper , violet and q- bert climb the ladder to the next level . violet ( emotional ) I gotta get up to he ! they continue to dodge and leap the oncoming barrel . q- bert follows brenner as he leap over a roll barrel . q- bert hop onto brenner 's back and go to the next level . brenner follows . Cooper leap and roll over another barrel . he climb the ladder to the next level . he look to he leave , q - bert be about to be hit by a overhead barrel ... + + + hk * + + a + + of + + numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 89 . president cooper q- bert ! look out !!! q- bert look up . a barrel be flying down at he . he have no time to move away and be ... crushed by the barrel . Cooper run back to q- bert . but he be flattened . his eye be rolled back . he appear to be ... dead . brenner call back to Cooper . brenner look down at the fall q - bert . BRENNER chewie ! come on ! they do not have time to dwell . Cooper dash away , leave q- bert . donkey Kong see they and roar . he start throw more barrel . brenner grab another hammer . he start pounding on the barrel . but there be too many . suddenly a barrel fall directly in front of he , almost knocking brenner to he death . brenner panic . BRENNER n's Pov : he see the same unpattern chaos he see when he lose the donkey Kong championship in ' 82 . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) there 's too many . we be not gonna make it . matty ( call down ) brenner ! remember : if someone program it , there 's a pattern ! you just need to find it ! brenner look up , count barrel , mumble to himself . BRENNER I can not see it ... matty Eddie use cheat code , right ? BRENNER yeah , so what ? matty so he must have use they when he beat you at donkey Kong back in ' 82 . you know what that mean ? + + + hk + + numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 90 . BRENNER ( dawn on he ) I be the donkey Kong champion of the world ... matty and the donkey Kong champion of the world see the pattern ! violet suddenly grab he face and kiss he hard . then ... violet save he and you be in . brenner give a look to Cooper , who smile . brenner start wailing on the barrel . he slam down the hammer on barrel after barrel , take they all out , until the hammer do - pixelate in he hand . he look up at donkey Kong , calculate ... look back to the other . BRENNER do exactly what I do ! brenner lead violet and Cooper forward . he climb up to the next level . a barrel head toward brenner . he leap back , he foot balancing precariously on the edge of the platform ... he nearly fall , but regains he balance . brenner climb to the next level , follow by Cooper and violet . matty shout to they from the top level . matty Mom !! q- bert 's not dead ! they look down . q- bert , still flatten , have opened he eye , and be looking around in a panic . he put he thumb in he mouth , puff out he cheek and he body pop back out to normal . he try to run away , but be : surrounded by wall of FIRE on both side of he ! violet no , I be pretty sure he 's dead , matty . matty moooooom ! violet alright , fine ! violet leap down two level , to q- bert . she grab he , toss q- bert up to the safety of the upper level . * + hk + + + hk * + + numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 91 . he run scream then leap into Cooper 's arm , terrify . but now violet be trapped . the FIRE approach her from both side ! she leap up to get away from the pixelate flame . she hang on to the platform of the upper level . her foot be inches away from be touch by the flame . donkey Kong see that violet be in jeopardy , and he start to throw barrel toward her ! brenner run forward and dive beneath the stomping foot of donkey Kong . he leap down to the lower level and grab a hammer . brenner smashes barrel after barrel , try to rescue violet . with the coast clear , for a moment , brenner arrive at violet and lower the hammer to she . BRENNER ( smile ) grab my mighty hammer ! violet you love say that . BRENNER yes I do . violet grab the hammer and hold on as brenner lift her to safety . brenner destroy a few more barrel before turn and throwing the hammer up to the top level , toward donkey Kong . the spin hammer hit donkey Kong . for a moment , donkey Kong be stunne , a little hurt , suddenly weaken . Cooper and q- bert cheer . brenner and violet make it to the top level . brenner , tough , hard , turn to donkey Kong . BRENNER ( cont 'd ) game over . donkey Kong roar . follow by a sad , disappointed look on he face . we hear the massive SOUND of victory ! and suddenly , donkey Kong de- pixelate , along with the rest of the set . crumbling into the darkness below . matty and violet embrace . the sailor salute Cooper , and then they embrace . brenner be not sure what to do ; the indian teenager extend he arm , and they hug . indian teen '' game over '' , that be a good one ... + + + hk * 126 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 92 . BRENNER thanks , it be all I could come up with ... Cooper look down at a shake q- bert . president cooper you okay , buddy ? q-bert I - -- need ---a---driiiink . BRENNER all right , q-ball , take we to the Zorex ! they all turn , a ladder appear . lead upward ... ext . WASHINGTON DC STREET - day 126 ludlow be still swordfighting Lady Lisa . finally he throw down he sword and drop to he knee . ludlow I will not fight you anymore . I know you have love in you heart and I know that I could make you happy . but if you need to kill I , then kill I . I n'11 die a happy man , know that I find true love . he close he eye and wait . she stare at he . confuse . ludlow look up at she . they eye meet . ludlow stand . she lower she sword . ludlow step toward she , embrace she , and they ... kiss . it be a long , passionate kiss . eddie plant ( 0.c . ) and I could not even get a handshake offa sigourney weaver ! ludlow look up to see eddie plant stand there . ludlow do not think we would ever see you again . eddie plant I cause this , I gotta help make it right . ( a beat ) can a brother get a gun , please ? ludlow toss Eddie one of he light cannon . Eddie blast two nearby ostrich from joust who be chase a lady with a stroller . * 127 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) ludlow guess you be not as big of a dick as we all think . eddie plant yeah . do not tell anybody . gonna introduce I to you girlfriend ? ludlow ( smile at Lisa ) fiancee 's . int . mothership , ENERGY generator room - day 93. 127 the door open . in the center be the zorex . it 's the exact same shape and size of a old school arcade game . countless wire extend from the console , attach to energy device in the wall and a pod which spit out the ENERGY creature . it spit out a smurf . he seem so excited to be alive . he take a breath , then blast . Cooper shoot he . he de -re 's . a look of anger on he face as he pixelate and he short life end . president cooper when we be kid , do you ever think that someday we would actually be in a spaceship , shoot a actual laser gun while try to save the world ? BRENNER / indian teen / sailor yes ... totally ... every day ... familiar kid 's voice hey , brenner . brenner turn , aim he gun . his jaw drop . we see that the alien 's final guise be young BRENNER , young ludlow , young cooper and young eddie from the film 's open . alien kid BRENNER we come to you in this form out of respect for you and the other champion who have beat we today . BRENNER stay back or we 'il blow up this ship and all of you with it . I do not care if you be I . alien kid cooper there will be no need for that , Sam . we admit you have win . alien kid ludlow because of you victory you can now destroy we planet . 128 129 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 94 , the three all bow they head in sadness . president cooper wait , we do not want to destroy you planet . we never do . alien kid ludlow ( confuse ) then why do you send we that declaration of war , chewie ? president cooper that be not a declaration of war ! they be just game . Games that we play for fun . we do not want to hurt anybody . the alien seem throw by this . they do not understand . ludlow ( over the walkie ) BRENNER ! BRENNER !!! BRENNER lud , a little busy right now . ludlow ( 0.s. ) um , thing be not go so well down here , Sam ! ext . DC STREET - continuous - day 128 Eddie , ludlow and Lady Lisa be be confronted by several arcade game creature come down from the sky . Eddie fire back at they as he go . eddie plant tell he whatever he’s do to hurry the eff up ! int . ENERGY room , mothership - continuous 129 ( intercutting with Eddie on DC street ) alien kid BRENNER so you do not want to destroy we ? president cooper no . and we definitely do not want you to destroy we . ( the alien take this in . ) in fact I have like to broker a peace between we two world so we can both live together in harmony . q-bert ( autotune ) harmonyyyyyy ..- 130 131 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 95 . eddie plant BRENNER , we be about to die violently , stop dicking around and - alien kid eddie calm down , Eddie ! eddie plant who be that ? be that I ? that sound like I ! the three alien kid laugh . BRENNER hey guy ... if we be do this peace thing do you think you could turn off the Zorex ? alien kid BRENNER Word up . alien kid brenner go behind the Zorex and unplug it . ext . DC STREET - continuous - day 130 the arcade creature close in on we guy and Lady Lisa , who continue to fight . but it 's a losing battle . as the creature move in for the kill ... they begin to de-re . pixelate . and disappear . ludlow turn , and Lady Lisa pixelate and de-rese before he very eye ! eddie plant we win . no more tax ! but ludlow be crushed . ludlow Lady lisaaaaaaaaa !! ext . white house lawn - day 131 a jumble of multi-color pixel drop out of the mothership onto the White House lawn . as they land , they re-pixelate into brenner , Cooper , violet , matty , q - bert , the indian kid and the sailor . people on the ground have gather to cheer they . the first Lady run over to Cooper and embrace he . first lady I cancel with Sarah this weekend . we can frost as many cake as you want . Eddie walk over . * +h of * numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 96 . eddie plant I can not believe I do it ! I mean , we do it ! I mean , you do it ! BRENNER Eddie ? do not think I have ever see you again . eddie plant look , I just want to say I be sorry I cheat back when we be kid , and also for cheating again more recently . I do not have to go back to prison , do I ? president cooper no . but you do have to admit to brenner he 's the best in the world . eddie plant no ! he reconsider , then turn to brenner . eddie plant ( cont 'd ) brenner ... you ... you be the best . in the world . BRENNER suck it . brenner hug he . everyone look happy - except for ludlow . president cooper ludlow , what 's wrong buddy ? ludlow you all get what you want . brenner , you get the girl ; Eddie get out of jail and I ... for one moment I have the one thing I always want and now ... she 's go . Cooper , confuse , turn to Eddie , who explain . eddie plant Lady Lisa . when you guy save the world ... you kinda 's destroy he . BRENNER sorry about that , lud . but ya 's know , we have to do what be best for the other 7 or so billion people out there . ludlow nod , sadly , notice q - bert . 132 133 134 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 97 . ludlow so how come he 's still alive ? violet q- bert 's a trophy . I guess we get to keep trophy . ludlow nod . dejected . then q-bert start jump up and down excitedly . he re-pixelate into ... lady lisa . ludlow run and kiss she . everybody be touch , except brenner . BRENNER no one else be weird out right now ? a group of PRESS people run across the lawn toward they . PRESS person Mr. President , be we out of danger ? president cooper yes . in fact , I be pleased to announce that I have broker a peace treaty with the alien invader . int . matty 's dad 's house - day 132 president cooper ( on the tv ) this peace be due to and only due to the bravery of the arcader , who against all odd step up and save we all . int . admiral porter 's office - day 133 Admiral porter , unshaven and in sweat , sneer at the tv . president cooper ( on the tv ) they face the doubter and the naysayer , and come up big when we need they most . Admiral porter flip the bird at the tv . ext . white house lawn - day 134 brenner , Eddie , ludlow , violet and matty be watch Cooper finish he speech . president cooper Sam brenner , ludlow lamonsoff and Eddie Plant be american heroes . World heroes . 135 136 numbered script ( 04/17/2014 ) 98 . the assemble press cheer . violet turn to brenner . violet '' World hero ? '' I guess you be never gonna 's finish install my home theater system now . BRENNER I might be able to fit you ina week from Tuesday . violet can not you do it any sooner ? i'11l make it worth you while ... violet and brenner kiss . camera crane back , as Cooper and all of they be congratulate by the celebratory crowd , swarm they , thanking they . Eddie , stand off by himself , away from the other , a lonely moment ... he turn , start to exit . his phone buzy . Eddie glance to the text : hey , hero . meet I in the lincoln bedroom . Eddie look to the White House . int . lincoln bedroom window - day 135 stand in a second floor window , dress in a negligee , light by candlelight , be Jamie Lee curtis . she give a flirty wave , a sexy smile , to Eddie . ext . white house lawn - day 136 Eddie smile , touch , a bit excited . he move forward , toward the White House . a hand stop he in he track . Eddie look up . it 's taylor swift . stand directly in front of he . taylor swift where do you think you be go ? Taylor Swift plant a long , intense , passionate kiss on Eddie 's lip . the end