fade in : 1950 's sci -fi film ; Black & white , retro , stilted act , bad effect . ext . wood / parking area - night this be a make - out zone . camera move to find the back of a car where two teenager be kissing . the angle be super tight , the lighting dark , so we can't see there face . one way to accomplish this : as we reveal the car , the automatic convertible top be come down . when we see the couple inside , it 's from behind the now scrunch rear window . the frame of the window cut off the top of they head , hide they antenna . also , we see they in silhouette so we do not see they green skin . dialogue start vo as camera leisurely reveal the silhouett couple in the car . teenage girl I have never go parking before . I be really not that kind of a girl . teenage boy I be not the kind of a guy who would go with that kind of a girl . teenage girl that 's so sweet - I think . the boy lean closer , get ready to kiss she . teenage boy there 's nothing to be scared of . and they kiss . from the distance come a rumbling , approach fast . the car start shaking . from the front of the car , a alien ship rise up over the cliff . it 's monstrously huge , though a cheap -look 50' sci-fi model . teenage girl I know this would happen if we make out ! the teens scream and the car take off . the car zoom down the empty road , dodging laser from the alien ship . suddenly , the car grind to a halt , trap . the alien ship be about to strike when ... blam ! it 's hit with one artillery round . reveal dozen of soldier with tank and artillery be in position and ready for battle . from behind the alien ship , a dozen more approach from the sky . the hatch of the first ship open . a alien step out . camera move up behind a jeep . before reach the general , we see he aide from behind . aide General , what be you order ? now we reveal the General from behind , still not see he antenna . general this be a war for we world ! there 's a camera move that circle around to the front of the General that enable we to see he face . elaborate , but important for the first reveal of we alien . general ( cont 'd ) kill every last alien !! the frenetic glow of gunfire be reflect on the general as we move in on he face . ( note : a main goal here be to create a dynamic reveal that this be a alien . this need to be close and come up suddenly for full impact . once we reveal this , we need to cut very quickly to the theater of alien watch for the full effect . ) suddenly they all start shoot as we ... cur to : int . movie theater - day the audience watch this movie be also alien with green skin and antenna . this be a alien world ( now of course in color ) go through its 1950 's sci- fi movie phase . they all wear 3 - D glass and jolt back in fear . some munch pop corn , girl hug they boyfriend , little boy be on the edge of they seat . SOUND of the battle from the screen . we move among they and come to a 9 year old boy , eckle . suddenly someone pull he 3 - D glass off . it 's eckle's mom and she 's piss . she take he by he antenna and drag he out of there . ext . movie theater - day eckle 's Mom drag she son away . this begin the open credit sequence . in the scene that follow , title will show up in unlikely place ; billboard , store sign , traffic sign , etc . as this introduce we to the planet , we will hear a light , stylize 50 's song . we follow eckle and he Mom until we come to a woman walk she stroller . we then follow her as she walk up to a crossing guard . the guard do a " guchie- goo " tickle as if under the baby 's chin , but we reveal the baby be a egg . they walk on and we pick up a milkman and mailman who greet each other in a super friendly way . mailman hello plark . milkman Morning serbok . they pass kid play hopscotch on the street . we hold on they . instead of square , they jump in a pattern like a crop circle . nearby , a beauty parlor . Inside , a suburban mom luxuriate as she antenna be groom . more scene from board artist tbd ext . planetarium - day a car park . eckle 's mom get out and drag he along . reveal where she 's lead he : wide of the planetarium as they enter . open credit sequence end cur to : starfield a moment of silence , then music reminiscent of " Star Trek " . we hear : a voice Space . a universe of mystery . today the deep secret will be reveal and you will see the incredible truth !! reveal we be actually see : int . planetarium / auditorium - continuous this be a star show in a classic 50ish planetarium . watch the show be a auditorium full of school kid . up from the middle of the room rise a platform contain the star machine and its operator : lem , a high -school junior , 16 , passionate , fairly geeky , yet kind of cute for someone with green skin . it 's he voice we be hearing . he 's about to continue with he lecture , but he 's new and uneasy in this job . he stumble , drop he script . bend down to pick it up , he knock the star machine , make it pivot 180 degree , send star fly all over the dome . the kid ooooh and ahhhhh , loving it , cover he mistake -— or so it seem . but lem look over to a older man sit prominently in front : this be the curator . he take note on lem 's presentation , grade he . from he face , the grade so far do not look good . from nearby , lem hear : psssst . he turn to see skiff sit nearby . lem 's age , skiff be quirky , paranoid . he motion for lem to keep go and give he a encourage thumb up . lem make himself continue . he hit some button on the star machine as he narrate the follow : lem how vast be space ? if you could stretch a rope from one end to the other , it would reach over 500 mile !! ooooohs from the audience . lem ( cont 'd ) ever try count the star ? do not bother , there 's too many . over one thousand ! even more ooooooh from the audience . lem 's feel confident now . lem ( cont 'd ) I will bet you think star be tiny point of light . wrong ! on the dome , lem zoom into a individual star . lem ( cont 'd ) each star be over 3 foot wide !! and so hot it can boil water !!! the biggest set of oooooohhhhs . lem bring up a image of they planet , struggle a bit to shove the slide in the right slot . lem ( cont 'd ) but do not worry about we planet . it 's so far from the nearest star , nothing could ever happen to it . maybe the real planet be , but lem put the slide of the planet in wrong . it start to catch fire , cause the planet 's image on the dome to bust into hellish flame as if they planet be die . a terrify moan from the kid , some scream and crying . kide we be gonna die ! / I want mommie !!! lem look over at the curator who shake he head and make a note . cur to : int . planetarium / auditorium - a bit later kid be filing out . on the curator , summing up lem 's score as two boy file past . he overhear : boy 1 you see the whole world blow up ?!! boy 2 I be come back tomorrow !! but the curator 's not impressed . on lem , wait nearby for he score . eckle rush over , speak rapid-fire . lem be uneasy with the curator hear this . eckle what about alien ? can they really suck out we brain ?! how do you spot a alien zombie ? be you in the ' they do not blink ' school or the ' show no emotion ' school ? eckle be interrupt as lem cover he mouth and look uneasily to the curator . lem he 's a riot , be not he ? alien . ( to eckle , condescend ) Science prove there 's no alien . ( to curator ) too many comic book . lem tap eckle 's head to indicate brain damage . the curator mark another box on lem 's score . it 's not look good . ext . planetarium - moment later lem come outside , look glum . on eckle and skiff , wait for the news . they exchange a concerned look . skiff do 'ya get the job ? suddenly lem brighten . he be misleading they . lem you be look at the new junior assistant curator !! his friend smile . they walk on . cur to : ext . town STREET - a bit later lem , skiff and eckle be upbeat , walk walk down a suburban street . we see more of the neighborhood part of this town . the milkman pass by and call : milkman how would you do , lem ? lem get the job ! milkman knew you would ! as they pass the milkman , they conversation continue . lem I can see my whole future ! a house . a car . two kid . they will grow up and have kid . they will come home to visit on holiday ... in rapid fire succession : passerby 1 how would it go ? lem get it ! mailman well ? lem hire ! passerby 2 do you get it ? lem thumb up ! lem and the other continue on . eckle do this mean you be gonna marry my sister ? lem stop walk . lem whoa ... let 's not get ahead of ourselves , I still have to graduate . ( confide , happy ) but yes ! a cop car pull up . Inside , chief gorloc speak over he loudspeaker . chief gorloc heard you got the job . now go marry that girl ! lem look around , slightly embarrassed , but smile anyway and give the Chief a thumb up . lem thanks , Chief ! the cop car pull way , revealing behind it the movie marquee . there we read : coming soon , humaniacs 3 . below that , a huge poster for the movie , show invade alien . a banner overhead announce : sign up for the premiere costume contest skiff ( reverent ) there it be ... two more day . eckle ( in movie trailer voice ) " humaniacs 3 " ! the final battle for we world have begin ! both skiff and eckle Victory or extinction !! they both make a high - pitch sci-fi sound . lem see the sign for the costume contest . lem if you guy go in costume , I be pretend we never meet . lem start to walk down the street . skiff and eckle follow . skiff wait a minute , you be not go ??? you say humaniacs 2 be the best sequel since " I married my alien abductor " ! lem I be a planetarium professional now . I do not have time for science fiction . and I do not believe in alien ! skiff if I do not know better I would say you be a alien send to make we think there 's no alien ! lem skiff ... skiff stop lem in front of a shop so he can talk to he . skiff they be here , lem ! walk among we ! study we use ... ( whisper , conspiratorial ) ... the anal probe . lem alien come here to look up we butt ? skiff put a hand on lem 's shoulder to emphasize : skiff the anus be the key to everything ! this be say just as a shopping woman exit a store and wind up in the tight shot with they , in time to catch this homoerotic sentiment . her face drop . lem walk on and skiff and eckle follow . we leave the shocked woman to follow they . skiff ( cont 'd ) the government know ! they be hide the evidence at base 9 ! base 9 , lem ! top , top , top , top .... extra top secret . I read all about it at work . lem you work in a comic book store ! lem stop and point up to the comic book sign which they happen to have just reach . boss ( 0.s. ) skiff !! skiff ( suddenly ) I be late ! ( head inside ) you will believe I ! when alien possess you parent and eat you brain ! boss ( 0.s. ) skiff !!! lem turn away and find eckle stare at he with a expectant smile . lem do not listen to he . there 's no such thing as alien . cur to : ext . crop circle - continuous to contradict lem 's statement , we see a alien formation in the grass . reveal this be actually a baseball field . a game be in progress . but fly overhead , unnotice , be a actual alien ship . ( note : I like this scene here because it feel like a precursor to the alien arrive and also incorporate information about they world . also , I be not sure we need to introduce base 9 here . the key information for we now be that a alien ship be arrive . I be concerned we be put too much on we audience by introduce base 9 . ) cur to : ext . lem and eckle's house - continuous the two family have adjoin yard . outside eckle 's house , eckle's dad light the bbq . eckle's mom put a cloth over the table . from the next yard ... lem' dad ( 0.s. ) he get the job !! eckle 's parent head over and we : reveal lem' mom and lem' dad next door , talk to lem and eckle . they hug lem . lem' mom we be so proud of you ! eckle 's parent arrive at the fence . eckle's dad be not there someone else you should tell ? they look to the side and we reveal : neera , work in they garden . she have not see lem yet . lem smile . on neera as lem approach . she see he and rise . they face each other like two young people enamor . lem hey neera . neera hey lem . lem I get the job . neera that 's great !!! lem I be think , now that I have a stable and reward career ... neera yes ... lem maybe it 's time that you and I ... neera yes ... lem I mean , would you wanna ... the answer would be ' ' yes ' , but before lem can ask , SOUND of a car pull up with music blaring . it 's a hippy car . the driver step out . he 's glar , 16 , long hair , flowery clothes , guitar in hand . glar neera , where be you be ? the cause need you ! lem Cause ? neera oh , glar invent this thing he call " protest " . that 's when you shout about stuff that make you upset . glar like the school gym . they be painting it orange ! what a bummer ! ( aside ) that mean I do not like it . glar strum he guitar and sing : glar ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) Orange ! Orange ! it 's so very ... ( stop strumm ) what rhyme with orange ? eckle ( raise he hand ) I know ! glar you time will come , little man . neera , we need you , righteous mamma ! neera feel she have to go , but do not want to leave lem . neera well ... lem , be it okay if we talk later ? lem ( lie ) sure . glar take neera by the arm to lead she away . glar ( to lem ) peace . that mean see ya later . they get in the car and take off . lem and neera exchange a bit of a lovelorn look . cur to : int . lem' room - moment later lem enter and throw down he book . prominent in he room be a telescope . he look through it , then turn to the side to speak to someone . we do not see who . lem would you want to maybe one day get marry ? reveal he speak to a picture of neera . he move it to mimic she talk : lem ( cont 'd ) ( as neera ) oh lem , I would love to ! angle through the telescope . lem have not see , but enter he scope 's view be a comet - like trail in the sky - the alien ship . cur to : int . base 9 / radar room - continuous a radar tech soldier be utterly engross in a alien comic book about invader from another planet . a red light blink on the alien draw . reveal underneath he radar station have spot a blip . he stare in disbelief . transition to : int . base 9 / display room - continuous this be down below . a top secret room . dark. mysterious . we find we way to a large glass case . Inside , a NASA pathfinder build for roam other planet . his name be rover and he seem totally dead . but Rover suddenly power on . a red light start beep and blink . his camera / eyepiece look around . angle on he Pov . we see a readout : " location unknown " he try to get out , but bump into the glass enclosure . more Rover Pov and readout : " enclosure composition : glass " then : " enclosure secure : screwed " ( note : take a whack at a joke here that could also be logical . ) tight on screws outside the case as they be undone . reveal Rover be unscrew they from the inside . 1 , 2 , 3 - the suddenly the glass case fall and smashes to the floor . a alarm go off . Rover leap out of the case . he stop behind the door as soldier rush by without see he . Rover head out . out in the hall , Rover stop and look up . move in on he red blinking light as we hear he beeping . ext . desert - moment later Rover be on the move . he stop , pick up a signal from above . we see the alien ship fly over head . see through Rover 's Pov , the readout : " target acquired " " primary mission : rendezvous " Rover head off to follow . cur to : ext . eckle's backyard - continuous tight on the same comic book . eckle read it , sit at he family 's outdoor table . eckle's dad work the grill . his Mom take he comic book away , tapping he head with it affectionately . slowly , a rumbling start . next door , still work outside , lem 's parent hear it too . they all wonder what 's go on . then , from out of the sky come a fiery rocket . a NASA landing module approach and slowly land . pause . the hatch open . out step a astronaut . like the first man on the moon , he charge out in self - simulate , low gravity slow - motion and plant the american flag in the ground . then he look around and realize : he 's in suburbia on a strange planet . eckle 's and lem 's parent stare in shock . eckle realize it 's a spaceman like the kind in he comic book . beam , he grab a pen to get the alien 's autograph . the astronaut , already freak , take a step back . through he Pov we see eckle 's dad hold the big fork with cook meat in a way that could be see as hostile . then the automatic sprinkler be trigger , come between he and he ship . then , lem 's dad inadvertently ignites he grill , send up a scary spire of flame . the astronaut freak , turn and run off down the street - this just as lem come out in time to see he run off . ext . suburban STREET - continuous the NASA astronaut turn a corner and see a woman walk she scary look dog . she scream . he freak and run the other way . he run right into a car that nearly run he over . the people get out of the car and run one way , the astronaut run in the other way . wide as he head off towards the hill in the distance . on that hill we can see the planetarium . dissolve to : ext . eckle's house - continuous full screen tv . speak to camera be a tv reporter , a 50' , Edward R. murrow type , act like the fate of the world hinge on he every word . we see he on the monitor in b&w . tv reporter and so the war for we world have begin . how will we species survive ? and how will you get you tooth they whitest ? on the monitor , up come a toothpaste commercial with crude animation of toothpaste bubble sing a jingle : singing toothpaste bubble give you smile that special glow - try the sparkle action of dentapro ! reveal curious townspeople have gather to see the ship . Police keep they back . angle on lem' front door as he leave the house with a arm full of school book . he take in the scene and seem a bit take aback . he look over to eckle 's house as neera and eckle also step out for school . lem and neera exchange a concerned look . cur to : ext . MAIN STREET - morning we see a store front establish in we intro to the town ( i.e. barbershop ) . only now , instead of give a haircut , the barber be head out , hastily put on he civic patrol uniform . he 's head over to the civic patrol group assemble outside , also join by a grocer from across the street , take off he apron and try to fit he too-tight ammunition belt around he waste . Civic patrol citizen gather around a civic patrol captain . he search through several defense manual . civic patrol captain let 's see ... ( read title ) " invasion by giant ant " ; " invasion by Sea monster " ; " invasion by 50 Foot woman " ... ah ... " so you have be invade by alien " . angle on lem and eckle's dad , man a nearby artillery gun . eckle 's dad tip he hat to a passing woman passing woman keep a eye out for alien . lem' dad alien ?!!! he pull the trigger , fire the gun . the round blast through a billboard , knock down a huge tv antenna and blow the head off a statue . lem and eckle 's dad whistle innocently . cur to : int . a classroom - continuous a teacher stand up front , hold the manual : " so you have be invade by alien " . teacher all right , class , let 's try it one more time . ( suddenly scream ) alien be coming ! !!!!! at once , all the student dive and take cover under they desk . teacher ( cont 'd ) ( to slowest student ) flarc , you be too slow . go join the zomby . flarc trudge back to a section of kid who linger behind a rope , from which a handwritten sign hang : Zombies the bell ring . int . high school MAIN hallway - moment later kid be rush out of they classroom . from the loudspeaker : loudspeaker attention student , attention ! School be cancel for the rest of the day due to alien invasion and the end of all life as we know it . the stunne kid suddenly erupt in cheer . cur to : ext . high school - continuous reminiscent of a 50' school , but with alien twist - from the ball field to the car in the alien lot . as lem leave , he hear : skiff psssst ! skiff peek out from behind a tree . lem go to he . lem skiff ? skiff shhhh ! replicant and zomby be everywhere . and you say there 's no alien ! lem guess I be wrong . what do they want from we ? skiff Standard drill . snatch we body . absorb we soul . they like we brain with a side of hot sauce . skiff look around secretly , then show lem some crudely draw architectural plan . skiff ( cont 'd ) I be building a air raid shelter . I will have enough food for six month if you want to come . lem ( yuck ) six month underground with you ? skiff ( recall ) oh , and here , I get you this . skiff toss a cork to lem . lem a cork ? skiff it 's you best defense against the anal probe ! you put it ... skiff start to gesture to he butt . lem interrupt . lem I think I know . skiff ( realize ) oh wait , I already use that one . lem toss the cork up like it be a hot coal . while lem lem turn head . lem Gross ! be busy with that , neera come by . neera hey lem . who be you talk to ? to see that skiff have disappear . he shake he lem skiff - I think . how be you hold up ? neera Fine , consider there 's a space ship in my backyard . suddenly glar come by with six teens , average kid he 's roped into join he " cause " . lem look glar that 's why we need you ! you can get we there to protest against the man ! lem the who ? glar you know , the man , the one with all the power . we need to stick it to the man !!! ( realize ) why do not you join we ! lem I ? I have to work . glar work ! ( strum ) establishment ! ( strum ) the system ! ( strum , aside to teen ) what rhyme with system ? at neera , confuse . neera I think maybe glar 's say you do not always have to do whatever you be suppose to do just ' cause someone tell you . neera wince a bit apologetically because she sort of feel that way herself . neera ( cont 'd ) ( backpedal a bit ) I think that 's what he 's say . glar outta sight . sock it to I . ( to neera ) you come , foxy mamma ? with a apologetic look at lem , neera go off with glar and the teens . cur to : ext . desert - continuous Rover be roll along , he tracking device guide he . suddenly he stop when he spot something . reveal he Pov : it 's a rock . Rover 's pincer grab it and hold it up to camera . in he Pov , we see a readout : " native rock composition : g7 Weight : 32 volume : 2.19 primary specimen " ( in flash letter : ) " acquire ! " on rover , excited , do a little dance and store the rock in he inner compartment . he continue on he journey . wide reveal he 's near the town . in the far distance , the planetarium . CUT to : ext . planetarium / door - continuous lem put a handwritten sign in the window : close for invasion . int . planetarium / MAIN exhibit room - continuous this be a huge , round atrium room with a multitude of scientific exhibit , from a huge hang mobile of planet and star to telescope , etc . lem start to prepare the place to be shut down . he do not notice , but fairly well - hide in one of the display be the NASA astronaut , sleep . move in on the astronaut as suddenly a light on he chest start to blink red just like Rover 's . it wake he up . he stir , knock over something and create a racket . on lem , turn , wonder what happen , step over to investigate as ... the astronaut straighten himself up and ... the two of they stand face to face for the first time . a freeze moment of terror . suddenly : both scream . and run away in opposite direction . angle on each , run away , scream . the astronaut 's scream be muffle inside he helmet . each knock over thing in a panic to get away . what they do not realize be that the room be round and they flee be lead they right into ... each other . smash , they crash into each other and both fall . each sit up . each scream . they run away . the astronaut wind up fall into a tangle of mobile wire and stick in the air , as if float in space . lem keep run until he realize he 's not be chase . he turn and look back . he see the astronaut struggle to get free . suddenly , on the astronaut 's spacesuit , the hose get catch on a wire and be pull out . SOUND of AIR hissing . on the astronaut , realize he 's in trouble . he check he oxygen gauge : it 's quickly drain . now the astronaut panic , terrify . on lem , see how scared he be . he feel bad for it . he notice the wire and follow they to where they be hold to a hook in the wall . lem get a idea , one that 's go to take some courage . he take a breath and cross to the hook . he look back at the astronaut . lem wish I have that cork . take a brave step , he unhook the wire . the mobile wire - and astronaut - come crash down . the astronaut scramble to he foot and look at the gauge : it read empty . freak , choke , he look all around . he have no choice . he undoe the metal lock around he helmet . he turn to the side and slowly pull off he helmet . we the face of : captain charle ( chuck ) baker , mid -30' , handsome . his cheek be puffed as he hold he breath . finally , he let it out and take a scary breath . to he surprise , it 's okay . he take another . chuck I can breathe ! I can breathe !! remember lem , he turn and they face each other . a pause . lem you speak my language . chuck that 's amazing ! you speak my language . lem that 's what I just say . chuck ( self -satisfy ) you just say , " that 's what I just say . " say something else ! lem like what ? chuck " like - what " ! they be gonna freak back at Kennedy ! they circle each other a bit , stare . Chuck point to himself . chuck ( cont 'd ) I be Captain Charles T. Baker . astronaut . as-tro-naut . lem ass ... chuck «.- tronaut ! lem ( point to himself ) lem. lem. lem . chuck you name be either lem . or lem , lem , lem . lem what do you want ? chuck thanks for ask . coffee light , two sugar , some kind of a puff pastry ... lem I mean ... be you here to take over we world and ... eat we brain ? chuck whoa , what kind of sick planet be this ? first of all , none of you be suppose to be here ! the profile say uninhabited ! my mission be to plant old glory , whack some golf ball and head on back for my guest spot on Oprah . ( stop , off lem 's confuse face ) what ? lem " op -rah ... " you be just talk alien . chuck I be not the alien here , you be . lem you be . chuck no , you be . lem you be . you come to my planet . chuck a alien planet ! heeellloooo ! lem ( greeting ) hello ... chuck not hello ! heeeelllooooooo ! lem huh ? chuck what ? a pause . Chuck take a moment to catch he breath . chuck ( cont 'd ) let 's start over . SOUND of a siren from outside . Chuck check the nearby window and see police car on patrol . chuck ( cont 'd ) look , I have get alien sheriff Andy on my tail and I need to get back to my ship . my command module 's in orbit and if I do not return in ... ( check digital readout ) .-.- 74 hour it go back to earth without I . capish ? I need you help . lem you want I to take you to you fly saucer ? ( consider ) I do not know . I could get in trouble . I just kind of get my future on track ... chuck opie , you be my only shot . of course you could leave I strand . I 'spose my wife can get a job to support we kid . eleven of they . better they grow up without a father than you get in a little bit of trouble . lem sigh . lem okay , I will take you there , but then you be on you own ! lem head for the door . Chuck linger , then follow . chuck lem my man ! five on high ! do not leave I hang . cur to : ext . STREET - day this be the hill lead to the planetarium . Rover come chugge slowly up , tired . suddenly , a car approach come the other way . Rover duck . we see lem drive the car with Chuck in the backseat . with the car go , Rover continue to roll on . but he stop and turn , he tracking device now point the other way . Rover heave a tired sigh , turn and follow the car , only at he own , much slower pace . int . lem' car - moment later lem drive - reach main street . Chuck keep low in the backseat , but look at the alien town in amazement . his helmet and suit be with he . chuck I do not get it . Planet one be suppose to be uninhabited . lem ( confuse ) what 's Planet one ? chuck I take the liberty of name you world . ( kind of artsy ) Planet one ' cause it 's my first landing . catchy , do and cha think ? cur to : ext . eckle's house - day onlooker stand behind police line . the tv reporter be in make - up , a napkin over he shirt . the ship be guard by half a dozen police include Chief gorloc . lem drive up . lem there it be . move in on chuck look around . he 's decisive , like a hero . chuck ( decide ) okay , here 's the plan . you knock out that cop . then , you overpower that two . you neutralize that one and handcuff the big guy to the steering wheel . lem what about you ? chuck I can not be see break the law . I be a role model on account of have the right stuff . lem the what ? chuck right stuff . means I have a lot of courage . ( duck back cowardly ) now go . lem hesitates . Chuck manage to slip the door open and push lem out of the car . chuck ( cont 'd ) go , go , go . outside the car , lem look around awkwardly . the nearest cop have he back to lem . lem look to Chuck who signal with a judo chop for lem to knock he out . lem instinctively back away from Chuck , bump into the cop who turn . reveal it 's Chief gorloc . chief gorloc lem ? something wrong ? lem look at Chuck who motion with a judo chop . lem smile at the Chief uneasily . the moment be interrupt by a rumbling as : the army pull up . jeeps , tank , truck . Soldiers fan out . the whole place be quickly surround . the tv reporter and crew snap into action , turn to film the army . in lem 's car , Chuck sink even lower to stay hide . chuck oh boy ... angle on the soldier , stand back , jump to attention . someone be come , someone very very important . angle behind that someone , as he walk through the row of soldier . this be general grawl . tower , mighty . even from behind he 's perfect , every hair of he crewcut in place , he uniform sharp and crisp . his walk resonate authority . grawl suddenly stop at one soldier . angle on that soldier , not move , but register terror . what 's he do wrong ? his eye drift down over he uniform to ... .»-- horror of horror , a errant thread on he jacket . his eye go wide . finally we reveal the face of General grawl . there 's nothing about he that be not perfectly in place . he 's handsome and stern , burt lancaster with antenna . grawl do you know why we call ita uniform , son ? the terrify soldier shake he head . grawl ( cont 'd ) because when we be all uniform , then we can see who the enemy be . the soldier nervously reach down and pull off the thread . a killer pause . grawl walk up to the captain to get he first look at the ship . grawl ( cont 'd ) Captain , have you man search the fly saucer . the Captain salute and motion to soldier in radiation suit who approach the ship . other ready they rifle to back they up . on chuck , not like this . on lem , try to get back to the car , find soldier in he way . he stop and force a smile . on the ship as the soldier exit with armful of stuff : NASA food , moose hair product , vanity Fair magazine , etc . there 's also a mp3 player . a soldier drop the mp3 player . it start to play " Space oddity " by David bowie . they all run for cover . a horrify pause . song " Ground Control to Major Tom you circuit 's dead , there 's something wrong ! can you hear I Major Tom ? " suddenly , three shot be fire , kill the player . reveal grawl fire the shot . grawl this be worse than I think . captain the music , Sir ? grawl that 's no music I ever hear ! it must be some sort of alien mind - control ! seal off the town ! I want that alien pilot find ! from the onlooker , a voice . a voice I protest ! reveal the voice belong to glar . flanke by the teens and neera , he step up and give he guitar a strum . glar daddeo , you be bum I out with that negative vibration ! a pause . they look at glar blankly . grawl never mind , Captain , the alien 's right here . Soldiers grab glar 's arm . neera step forward . neera glar 's not the alien ! grawl oh no ??? then what do you call this ?! grawl hold glar 's long hair . neera Hair ! he like it long ! grawl very unusual . you might even say - very alien !! the teacher , watch nearby , speak up . teacher uh , General , he do go to the high school . that stop grawl . neera glar 's just try to say the alien might be friendly . ( see lem ) lem , you know astronomy . if a alien come all this way would not it be smart enough to come in peace ? lem be about to answer when he notice a soldier peer in he car , another reach for the door . he rush over : lem not !!! he stand between the soldier and the door . he look around , realize he 's act suspicious and try to cover . lem ( cont 'd ) I mean ... they be everywhere ! they want we brain with hot sauce ! we should all go home and hide ! eckle - stand nearby - happen to look inside and catch a glimpse of Chuck . his eye go wide . lem get in the car . grawl that 's a sensible young man . ( to soldier ) let he go . ( to bystander ) and the rest of you , go to you home and wait for instruction . the soldier let lem drive past . people start disband . pass neera , lem see the look on she face . she 's disgust by what he just say . lem feel horrible , but with all the soldier there he have to drive away . he pull the car into he garage . cur to : int . lem' room - continuous the door open , we see lem sneaking Chuck upstairs and into the room . as they enter , lem go about shutting the shade . chuck great ! just great ! lem this be a disaster ! chuck a total disaster ! lem it could not have go worse ! chuck you can say that again ! lem that look on neera 's face ! chuck ( look at he askew ) who 's disaster be we talk about ? lem ( continue ) and I have the alien in my room ! if someone find you here ... chuck hello , strand astronaut in the house ! let 's keep we eye on the prize , kid ! ( point to watch ) the clock 's tick and I gotta get back up there ! suddenly , a knock at door . the door start to open . it 's lem 's Mom . lem struggle to keep it from open all the way . lem' mom lem , who 's that talk ? lem just the tv ! lem' mom well turn it off and come down to dinner . lem push against the door . lem not hungry ! lem' mom who be , with that disgusting alien run around , but you need you nutrition . lem okay , be right down ! lem 's Mom go and he close the door with a sigh of relief . from behind lem ... chuck disgusting ?! do you tell she I be people Magazine 's 37th sexiest man ?! lem I have to go or she will come back . as lem leave : chuck well what be I suppose to do ? the door close . Chuck turn and see himself in a full - length mirror . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( muse ) it 's the suit that make I look fat . cur to : ext . suburbia - continuous Army truck go by . pause . Rover peer around the corner . suddenly , a rock land next to he . Rover stop , pick it up , examine it and grow excited . happy , he store it in he compartment . then , another rock land by he . Rover look up and around . then , all at once a handful of rock come down . Rover race to catch they all , excited as can be . we finally reveal skiff , come out of a hole dig in he yard . he 's be digging a air raid shelter . skiff carry a huge rock , too big to be throw from below . just as he 's ready to toss it , skiff see Rover stare at he . skiff recoil . Rover eye the rock . he really want it . he approach skiff . skiff do not probe I ! there 's nothing up there you wanna see ! but Rover come closer . skiff panic . he wind up and toss the rock at he . Rover catch it and dance with excitement . he hold it up , examine it , savor it and finally store it in he inner compartment . he look back at skiff lovingly , grateful . skiff realize he 's next . horrify , expect the worst , he run off . int . bowling alley - continuous skiff enter and close the door behind he . we do not see where he be yet . he run right up to camera a la the end of " invasion of the body snatcher " . he shout : skiff they be here ! they be here now !! can not you see ?!! you be next !! ( right to camera ) you're next !!! reveal he 's inside ... the local bowling alley . only a couple of people bowl . the rest be watch invasion news on the tv . no one pay he any attention . angle on the door as Rover enter . he 's low to the ground so no one else notice he . he stop when he see rack after rack fill with bowl ball . so many rock ! he dance with glee and turn to skiff with love . skiff back up in fear . suddenly , a woman see Rover and scream . quickly , the whole place be in a panic as people bolt for the door . Soldiers enter . Rover see and quickly race away and hide behind a curtain . turn out he 's hide inside the photo booth , shaking in fear . he sneak a peak at the income soldier through the curtain and do so accidentally turn on the machine and get 4 picture take . the way he look at the flash light of the photo booth , it almost seem like he 's pose for they . that draw the attention of the soldier . they surround the booth . suddenly Rover burst out . the soldier chase , shoot . Rover duck behind a rack of ball , toss it over to make the soldier scatter . now Rover be make a dash down the lane , dodging bullet , head for the pin . a small piece of he be shot off and fall on the lane . smash , he get a strike . the soldier go after he , but can not find he in the mess of pin . where do he go ? end on skiff , watch the whole thing , amaze . ext . back of bowling alley - continuous Rover make it out the back door . safe for now , he look around . he head off toward 's lem 's neighborhood . cur to : int . lem' room - continuous reveal chuck outer space suit on the couch . he 's take it off and wear he jumpsuit . he settles back , watch tv . on tv : Planet one 's " lassie " , show a monstrous alien dog and he owner . owner what be it , apgar ? be glack in trouble ? the dog bark ' yes ' in its alien way . Chuck turn the channel . on tv : a variety show with chorus girl do a dance number around a Sinatra -esque crooner . Chuck turn the channel . on tv : Planet one 's " I Love Lucy " . the husband scold the wife . husband maglog , we can not afford that hat ! wife ( lucy-like sound ) wuaaaahhhhhnnnn !!! Chuck turn the channel . from bark apgar , to dance girl , to cry maglog . around and around . Chuck lean forward . he 's have a realization a la the statue of Liberty moment in " Planet of the ape " . chuck no ... no ... it can not be ... big move in to chuck as he dramatically realize : chuck ( cont 'd ) I be on a planet with 3 channel ! lem enter the bedroom . lem you can not stay here . you gotta go . Chuck rise , ready for action . chuck could not agree more ! what 's the plan ? lem the plan be you get out of my life ! I say I would take you to you ship . well , there it be . lem open the shade to reveal the ship . there 's double the number of soldier around , spotlight on the ship , search light on the sky . it 's like he house have be place in the middle of a sci fi thriller . lem close the shade , discourage . he head off : lem ( cont 'd ) I will get you a blanket and pillow . Chuck peak out through the blind . chuck ( half to himself ) it 's a miracle I be gonna need ... ext . eckle's house - continuous through the throng of soldier , camera move below to find ... rover , hide under a army truck . he look around and find he opportunity . he quickly roll to the front of lem 's house . he try to get in , but it 's lock . look around furtively , he roll behind some bush to wait . int . lem' room - a bit later lem be make up Chuck 's bed as Chuck brushes he tooth with some weird alien toothpaste . the tv be on in background . chuck I know ! get I to you space program ! lem we do not have a space program . chuck really ? by we 50' we be launching rocket to explore what 's up there . lem we already know what 's up there . nothing . Chuck be about to counter , when , from the tv : tv announcer we interrupt we regular programming for this public service announcement . chuck this be always so boring . Chuck 's about to turn it off when , on tv , come a title : 5u' announcer " what to do when alien invade " !! this be a grainy , black and white instructional film . the tv show dissolves to a classroom . student approach the teacher . student 1 hey Professor kipple . what 's all this guff about alien ? on tv , reveal the teacher , professor kipple . bald and short . though he 's normally weird and pervert , he 's act like the perfect 50 's authority figure here . professor kipple why gippy , alien be not so scary , once you understand they . hit the light . on tv , kipple throw a switch for a projector . up come a crudely animated 50ish version of alien . professor kipple ( cont 'd ) alien be a lot like we , except for they hypodermic fingertip , spare set of tooth and beak for suck brain out of they victim 's head . angle on lem , look at Chuck suspiciously . chuck what ...? lem look back at the tv . on tv , crude animation of pod a la ' invasion of the body snatcher ' . professor kipple alien can replicate we body , use a advanced technology call pod . and they huge brain have the power to turn we into zomby . kipple be cut off as lem turn off the tv . he crawl into he bed . lem I be harbor the most want fugitive in the world ! yesterday my life be all set . now - my whole world be upside down . Chuck settles into he bed and look up . chuck at least you have a world . ( realize ) I will probably never see mine again . from high angle , pull back on Chuck look up , higher and higher to ... ext . planet one orbit - continuous «+. until we find Chuck 's command module . we keep move through a window and inside the craft until we come to : the digital readout , link to the one that Chuck have on he suit . it 's count down the time leave for Chuck to dock with he ship . about 2 day and 7 hour . dissolve to : ext . town STREET - morning we establish the paranoia . people on the street stare each at each other in mistrust ; a storekeeper who 's frighten and lock he door ; people afraid to meet each other ' eye . the mail truck pull up next to a milk truck . the mailman and milkman get out and cross path warily . mailman hello " plark " , if that 's really you . milkman have a nice day , " serbok " . or should I call you by you alien name ? nearby a mom pull she boy by the arm . boy I do not wanna go to school ! they come upon two soldier . soldier 3 what 's the trouble here ? boy ( think fast ) my mom 's a alien replicant ! soldier 3 grab she ! the Mom scream and run from the soldier . ext . lem and eckle's STREET - continuous a paperboy ride he alien bike through the bright suburban street . he toss newspaper as he go , past the soldier bivouack on the suburban lawn . finally pass lem 's house , he throw the paper . we follow the paper as it hit the front door and land on the front step . suddenly Rover 's arm reach over from the nearby bush and snatch it . angle behind the bushes reveal rover , hold the paper and ducking . on the front door as lem 's dad step out . no paper . leave the door open , he walk onto the walkway . lem' dad ( to himself ) that 's funny , where 's the paper ? when he turn back , he see the newspaper be sit on the front step . angle behind bushes show Rover be no longer there , presumably inside the house now . angle nearby as soldier snap to extreme attention . up walk General grawl . in the background , soldier keep work around the ship . some in radiation suit examine the plant american flag with they version of geiger counter . grawl reach the Captain . captain no trace of the alien , sir . grawl how can something so different hide in all this beautiful sameness ? professor kipple ( 0.s. ) I can answer that , General . through the throng of soldier , Professor kipple approach . they step back . all know and respect he . professor kipple ( cont 'd ) by use its enormous brain to control we thought . even you could be a alien zombie and not know it . grawl good point , Professor . ( to Captain , offer sidearm ) Captain , place I under arrest ! professor kipple no need for that . but we can not be sure of anything . for all we know that flag could be a doomsday device . pull it out of the ground , we whole world could vaporize ! angle on the flag . the soldier with geiger counter have find it clean and back away as another soldier have just begin to pull it out of the ground . hear kipple , he stop . the soldier smile uneasily and furtively slip the flag back . grawl what do we do ? on kipple , this be what he 's be lead up to . professor kipple capture the alien - alive - and bring it to I . ( hungrily ) I will unlock the secret of its brain ! grawl 's hand reach in , offer a handkerchief . grawl here , Professor , you be drool . a jeep drive up and screech to a halt in front the General . a soldier jump out and salute . soldier we detain the witness at the bowl alley . and we find this . he hand grawl the photo booth picture of rover . grawl and kipple exchange a look . grawl Captain , go door to door , but find that alien ! Professor . grawl head off . kipple follow . int . lem' room - continuous lem and Chuck be sleep , Chuck like a kid with he butt in the air . suddenly , a loud knock . both bolt awake . the door start to open . lem dash to block it . lem Mom , do not come in ! he try to close it , but something 's wedge it open . he look down to see a tire in the way . confused , he open the door a bit more to find : rover , look up at lem . lem back up , terrify . Rover enter and head to Chuck . his beep speed up and indicate he 's reach he destination . Chuck see the tracking light on he own suit and realize : chuck Rover ? Boy be I glad to see you ! Chuck pet he on the head like a dog . lem Rover ? as Chuck speak , lem shut the door . chuck he 's a probe we send to take picture . ( realize , scold Rover ) a planet full of alien and you send back picture of rock ??? bad boy ! bad Rover ! Rover hang he head and whine . suddenly , a knock at the door . lem rush over . lem Mom , do not come in ! but he 's not in time and the door open . it 's eckle who see Chuck and light up . eckle I know it ! I know it ! you be the alien ! this be so neat !!! can I get you autograph ?? lem start drag eckle to the door . lem eckle , this be not a comic book , it 's serious ! Chuck find a pen and step over , play the reluctant celeb . chuck I do not mind . come with be a national hero . here ya go , son . Chuck sign eckle 's comic book . then notice eckle 's camera . chuck ( cont 'd ) how about a snapshot ? eckle yeah ! Chuck pose mightily . eckle take a picture . chuck wait , I can do better , gimme a moment . Chuck compose himself like a actor and pose more mightily . eckle take another picture . chuck ( cont 'd ) get one of I look up at the star . a quick succession of shot : Chuck look up like a Apollo astronaut ; Chuck give a thumb up ; a cheesecake pose ; a brood headshot pose ; touch lem 's finger a la Michelangelo 's creation of Adam . suddenly a knock at the door . Chuck and lem exchange a panicked look . lem but the door open . skiff enter blabbing . skiff I see the alien ! he have giant claw and a evil red eye ! he try to put I in he spell , but I just look he right in the eye and ... suddenly see Rover and Chuck . Rover rush up affectionately and rub skiff 's leg . skiff faint . they all gather around he . lem try to shake he awake . lem skiff ? skiff ? skiff look up . he see lem , then Rover , then Chuck . he recoil in fear . skiff alien !!! lem run , I will hold they off ! ( aside ) unless you wanna hold they off ... lem skiff , they be friendly , trust I . skiff look at lem and realize something horrifying . he back up . skiff you be not lem ! you be a replicant ! ( pinch lem ) such a obvious fake ! what have you do with lem ?!! lem ( eye window nervously ) you gotta keep it down ! Rover sidle up to skiff and nuzzle he . skiff be scared at first , but he stop and look at Rover 's cute face . Rover 's one eye blink so adorably as he tilt he head like a dog . skiff melt . skiff it 's kinda cute the way he do that . lem jump on the opportunity to calm skiff down . lem look at he face . be that the face of evil ? skiff ( soften ) I do not think so . lem of course not . they need we help . they just wanna go home . skiff slowly reach out and pet Rover . Rover sidle up affectionately . skiff ( delighted ) look , he like I ! suddenly , another knock at the door . lem have have it . lem great , let 's just have a party ! lem open the door and find himself stare at : two soldier . soldier 1 just do a routine search for the alien ... suddenly , they see Chuck and aim they file , fumble , nervous . they enter . soldier 1 ( cont 'd ) whatta we do ?! soldier 2 I dunno !! soldier 1 do not look at he eye ! that 's how they take over you mind ! lem get a idea . lem that 's right ! resistance be futile ! lem clear he throat and give Chuck a point look . chuck right. futile . check . Chuck hold he arm outstretch and approach the soldier , make a high - pitch sci-fi humming SOUND . chuck ( cont 'd ) ammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . soldier 2 what 's it do ?! lem hold he head in mock fear . lem he 's take over we brain !! Chuck stop a moment . what 's wrong with lem ? he realize lem be play along and keep humming . Chuck reach out and put a hand on each of the soldier ' head . he speak like spock . the music become Star Trek - like . chuck we mind be meld . we mind be one ! repeat after I . i- be - spock ! the soldier exchange a confuse look , but obey . soldier I - be -spock ! from across the room . skiff I - be -spock ! skiff approach Chuck like a zombie . lem hold he back . lem ( aside to skiff ) it 's not real . skiff ( haughty ) I think I know when I be be mind - control . on the soldier soldier 1 it 's inside my head !! soldier 2 his will be too strong ! soldier 1 Command we , master ! chuck hold that think . Chuck pull lem aside , near the window . chuck ( cont 'd ) maybe they can get I on my ship . lem look outside . the place be swarm with soldier . lem too many soldier . then , lem spot the tv crew outside . a lightbulb moment . lem ( cont 'd ) but I have another idea . you be gonna talk to the world and tell they you friendly . but first we gotta get you out of here . lem spot the mind - control soldier and realize how . ext . lem' house / garage - moment later the door open automatically , revealing a army jeep . the mind - control soldier be in the front seat , lem and skiff in the backseat , Chuck and Rover hide under the backseat . as the jeep start up , eckle climb in . lem go home , eckle ! but Chuck reach out and position eckle as a shield to hide behind . chuck you kiddin ' ? plenty of room . ( to soldier ) let 's go . the jeep slowly pull out past many soldier who have to step out of the way . very tense . finally , they pass the soldier and take off . cur to : ext . town hall - continuous glar stand out front with neera and some ordinary teens . teen 1 whatta you mean ' protest ' ? glar we need a slogan . something that say it 's a bummer to make war on the alien when we should make ... glar can not quite think of how to finish the sentence . neera Love ? make love , not war ...? move in on glar , consider . be this the beginning of a movement ? glar Nah , that 's not it . angle on the jeep drive by . lem look out and see neera . he smile and wave . but she look at he angrily . lem look at the soldier and moan to skiff : lem great , now she think I be hunt the alien ! lem be mortify as the jeep drive on . cur to : int . comic book store - a bit later lem and the other enter from the back door . this be a geek paradise , with full - size sci-fi monster cut -out , movie poster , prop , etc . skiff be freak to have everyone in the store . skiff why do he have to be here ? lem sit , discourage . Chuck absently pick up a comic book . lem it 's just ' till we get he on tv . chuck you really think you can ? lem you be the biggest story in history . the whole planet ' 1ll watch . chuck ( ego activate ) the whole planet ? interesting . Chuck pick up a metal toy which he use as a mirror to check out he reflection . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( muse ) I leave my hair product on the ship ... ( adjust hair ) but I could improvise . astronaut have to deal with any kind of emergency . skiff snatch the toy from Chuck . skiff do not contaminate the merchandise ! eckle be you sure they will believe he 's friendly ? Chuck turn to eckle with a smile . chuck sonny , I can handle the press . not to toot my own horn , but I be work with primo material here . skiff step up to lem skiff it have horn ??! lem roll he eye . the mind - control soldier , try to one - up each other , step up to Chuck . as each speak , he lean in front of the other to get closer to Chuck , each try to become chuck favorite zombie . soldier 1 master , any order ? soldier 2 you wish be we command . soldier 1 ( to soldier 2 , annoyed ) " you wish be we command ?? " . Zomby say " I hear and obey " ! ( to Chuck , apologize ) he 's never be a zombie before . Chuck roll he eye . chuck uh , guy , chill out . that stop they . they look at Chuck , confuse . chuck ( cont 'd ) take a pill . take a number . take a hike . they exchange a confuse look . Chuck point to the next room . chuck ( cont 'd ) go to you room . Chuck see lem be forlorn . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( to all but lem ) in fact , all of you , out . we need a minute . Chuck shoos everyone into the next room and close the door so he can be alone with lem . chuck ( cont 'd ) kid , what 's bugging you ? lem neera . chuck what be that , like a alien hernia . lem she 's my girlfriend ! or , she be . now she hate I . chuck hate 's a strong word . ( encourage ) maybe it 's just dislike ... lem plus there 's another guy . glar . chuck you know you problem ? it 's not glar . or neera . it 's lem . look at you , you be so leave brain . or be it right brain ? whatever , you be like the chief of control . you gotta loosen up . lem nod . Chuck check he readout , decide : chuck ( cont 'd ) we get a little time . this be you lucky day . the doctor be in ! int . comic book store / back room - moment later Chuck put on a record - romantic music . to lem 's surprise , he dim the light . chuck why do chick dig I ? ' Cause I be handsome ? ' Cause I be a astronaut ? yes - and yes . but it 's also because of Chuck Baker 's three rule of romance : playact , Chuck slink up to lem , a hound on the prowl . chuck ( cont 'd ) Spot you prey . make you move . show no mercy ! ( as if lem 's a woman ) hey baby , I see you across the bar . be spark fly or be this place on fire ? Chuck give lem he million dollar smile . lem be horrify . chuck ( cont 'd ) now you be this chick , neera , and I will be you . before lem can protest , Chuck grab he for a close dance . chuck ( cont 'd ) neera , tomorrow I go to space , perhaps never to return . let 's make my last night on earth - sorry , Planet one - a night we will remember ! Chuck dip lem . suddenly , the door open . it 's skiff . skiff this guy be drive I ... ( see they , shout ) watch out for you anus !!!! wham ! skiff beam Chuck with a nearby sci-fi prop . chuck owwwwwoocoooccowwww ! Chuck reel . the other rush in . lem snatch the prop and help Chuck sit down . lem skiff ! skiff I think ... the probe . lem no skiff , no anal probe ! no mind control ! skiff ( weakly ) harvest body part ? Chuck groans . soldier 1 master should we kill he ? horrify , skiff look at Chuck . Chuck look back at he . chuck I be think ... lem pull skiff aside . lem skiff ... I gotta go find that tv reporter . I need you help to keep thing under control . skiff ( light up ) be you put I in charge ? lem ( lie , improvise ) yes . you be in charge ... of not hit anyone on the head and not get catch . can you do that ? skiff salute enthusiastically . lem salute back . lem ( cont 'd ) ( to all ) no one can know we be in here , okay ? ( to Chuck ) I will be back with the reporter . lem head out . cur to : int . bowling alley - continuous bowler from the night before line up as soldier examine the place for evidence . one bowler see grawl nearby . bowler we have be here all night . we want to go home ! grawl interesting . could that be because you be a alien zombie ? bowler uhm , I guess we can stay . grawl interesting . could that be so we will not know you be a alien zombie ?! the poor bowler do not know what to say . CUT to : ext . eckle's house - continuous on the tv reporter and he crew . nothing to do . cameraman this be boring . tv reporter like they say , no news - be time for lunch . they crew nod and get in the truck . CUT to : ext . town STREET - moment later lem walk along the main street . suddenly , the tv truck drive past he . turn to see it , lem notice neera , glar and the teens outside town hall . he consider go after the truck , but have to talk to neera . angle on the teens . they stand around aimlessly . some carry small sign that say thing like " we protest ! " and " darn ! " teen 1 what happen now ? neera maybe we should shout something . glar consider , then take a step forward to shout : glar we be really upset ! the teens nod approvingly , though it 's not quite what neera have in mind . lem approach they . lem neera ... she turn away , indignant . lem ( cont 'd ) I need to talk to you . neera should not you be off kill the alien ? lem I be not try to kill he ! I be try to ... neera what ? lem look at glar and the other , realize : lem I can not tell you . neera lem , I always think we would be together , but I be start to feel like I need someone who do not think inside a little box . like glar say , the time , they be a diff -er-ent . maybe you should go . lem go for break , try Chuck 's advice . he start to move like a guy on the prowl , but on he it seem jerky and weird . lem neera ... be this place on fire or be it just hot in here ? neera what ? he try dip she , but do not know how and wind up dip himself and fall flat on the ground . glar step up and put a arm around neera , both stand over lem . glar be this guy give you bad vibration ? neera ( a bit sad ) lem be just leave . they talk away , leave lem on the ground . cur to : ext . comic book store - continuous the shade be draw . nearby , the tv truck have just park . the tv reporter and crew get out when they hear a crash from inside the comic book store . they turn and see : something have smack against the inside of the front door , move the blind aside , enable they to see : it be Rover . with the blind momentarily open , they see Rover pick up a ball and head back in , the blind close behind he . the tv reporter exchange a look with he cameraman . int . comic book store / front room - continuous reveal skiff and Rover be play fetch . Rover drop the ball at he foot . skiff get the ball and pet he . skiff good boy ! int . comic book store / back room - continuous Chuck pace and check he readout - the clock be tick . eckle and the mind - control soldier be with he . eckle what be you gonna say in the interview ? that stop Chuck 's pace . chuck I dunno . " I come in peace . " boilerplate stuff . eckle that seem kind of thin . chuck yeah , I know ... Chuck get into character and then start to act out the follow as if he be recite Shakespeare . chuck ( cont 'd ) " Space , the final frontier . this be the voyage of Captain Chuck Baker . his mission : to boldly go where no man have go before !!!!! " the other cheer . Chuck raise a eyebrow proudly . ext . comic book store - continuous the cameraman have set up the camera point inside through a gap in the blind . through he Pov we be able to see Chuck in the back room . the sound guy quietly stick he microphone through a small open in the window . below they , skiff and Rover play around on the floor . int . comic book store / back room - continuous Chuck be like a actor , die for more applause . chuck there 's more where that come from ! he turn away to get into character , then turn back ominously . he 's do darth vadar . chuck ( cont 'd ) " you be a rebel spy and a traitor to the empire ! " ext . comic book store - continuous the tv reporter and cameraman exchange a look . cur to : ext . STREET - continuous lem trudge along . at a tv store he notice people stare at a tv in the window . to he horror , lem see on tv : Chuck , do he darth vadar . flanke by movie monster cut - out in the store , he seem to be part of some terrifying alien army . chuck ( on tv ) " soon we will crush the rebel alliance and control the galaxy ! " lem gasp in horror . int . comic book store / back room - continuous eckle the mind - control soldier be cheering Chuck who gesture for eckle to come over . he put eckle in a fake head - lock . chuck do you hear that , Mr. Anderson ? cur to : int . eckle's house - continuous eckle 's Mom and dad watch Chuck on tv in horror as he do Mr. Smith from " the matrix " . chuck that be the sound of you death . eckle 's parent gasp , horrify . cur to : int . gas station - continuous the attendant and a customer watch chuck on tv in horror . chuck ( as Rod serling ) you be go on a journey , not just of sight and sound , but of mind . you next stop : the twilight Zone. ext . gas station - continuous lem run by . lem skifflii !! cur to : int . lem' house - continuous lem 's dad and Mom stare at the tv in shock . Chuck have find a alien pair of sunglass and put they on . chuck ( as Arnold ) I be the terminator . you be terminate ! hasta la vista , baby ! int . bowling alley - continuous grawl and kipple be examine a piece of Rover that be shot off . nearby , the Captain stare at the tv . he call : captain General ... grawl and kipple turn to the tv and see Chuck . he 's do the " ah-nold " strongman pose . chuck ahhhggghhhh ! ahhhggghhh ! kipple examine the tv image more closely . professor kipple General , over there . be not that comic book ? they exchange a look . grawl Captain , mobilize the army !!! cur to : int . comic book store / back room - continuous lem burst in . lem we gotta get outta here now ! ext . comic book store - second later the army arrive in jeep and on foot , ready for action . they burst into the comic book store . ext . comic book store / back alley - continuous lem and gang be in the jeep , minus the soldier . lem put eckle out . eckle but ... lem out ! lem floor it just as soldier burst through the back door . eckle hide behind some garbage can . lem drive they away . Soldiers quickly gather up and go after they . skiff and Rover stay low in the backseat next to Chuck 's spacesuit . ext . town hall - continuous Chief gorloc step up to the protester . chief gorloc you kid need to break it up . glar why should we -- fuzz. ( off gorloc 's question look ) there 's fuzz on you . glar pick some lint off gorloc 's uniform . chief gorloc assemble without a permit be against the law . neera so what ? glar against the law ?! I do not know that !! sorry , sir . wo not happen again , sir ! neera glar ...! neera be surprised to see he be such a weenie . suddenly , SOUND of gunfire . they turn to see the soldier chase lem and Chuck in the jeep . on neera , shocked . neera ( cont 'd ) she can not believe it . on lem as he drive past , meeting eye with Chief gorloc be shocked . lem be horrify . as lem drive on , he bemoan : lem now I be a want criminal ! perfect ! ext . STREET - continuous gorloc . lem turn a corner and stop suddenly . the road ahead be block . they all pile out of the jeep . chuck we would better run ! lem and Chuck run off . skiff and Rover be about to follow , but more soldier show up . they hide behind a huge digger as the soldier run by . int . comic book store / back room - continuous the place be fill with soldier . grawl and kipple enter . they be lead to the mind - control soldier , under guard , lazily read comic book . grawl you man , I order you to stop be zomby ! soldier 1 sorry , General , I think that 's against the rule . professor kipple amazing ! the alien 's brain be so enormous it 's control they even now . ( to mind - control soldier ) what 's it tell you to do ? soldier 1 uhm , I think I be suppose to dig a hive for the alien queen . soldier 2 ( improvise ) yeah , and I be suppose to lure more recruit . ( to soldier 1 ) unless you need help with the hive . soldier 1 I be good . int . movie theater - day Soldiers burst in . up front , lem and Chuck run along the screen . people see Chuck and scream . on Chuck , assume they be scream at the movie . he look up , see a scary b&w alien monster and scream himself . lem pull he along . ext . a STREET - continuous skiff poke he head out to see more soldier . Rover sidle up to the digger , supplicate . ext . STREET / alley - continuous chase by soldier , lem and Chuck run down a alley . they find a unlock door and slip inside to find ... int . large reception hall - continuous there 's a lady tea party in progress . as soon as Chuck and lem enter , the party stop dead . they all stare at Chuck . a pause . lem what now ? chuck let the Doctor handle this . Chuck turn to the lady and turn on the charm . chuck ( cont 'd ) lady ... who would like to meet a astronaut ? suddenly , the woman start scream . some throw thing at Chuck . he start to run away . around each corner , more woman be there to pelt he with food . it could be right out of " Planet of the ape " . finally , lem be at the front door and call : lem Chuck ! Chuck ! Chuck see lem and head over , through the barrage . finally the two run out to find .... ext . STREET - continuous .+. they be completely surround by soldier . there 's no escape . angle on rover by the digger , realize Chuck be in trouble . he race over . skiff Rover ....! skiff hang back . Rover come up behind the soldier , roll up atop a truck and raise all he instrument to look he most menace . it work . a soldier point : soldier 3 look out ! the monster ! other turn and take over . some shot be fire . on skiff , horrify : skiff Rover ..... 2 on lem and Chuck , concerned about Rover , but know this be they chance . they turn and run . they jeep be now in the clear . they get in and drive off . ext . STREET / suburban STREET - continuous driving through a residential area , they look ahead and see : eckle's house and Chuck 's ship . very few soldier be on guard . lem and Chuck exchange a look . ext . eckle's house - moment later the soldier do not notice the two figure sneaking around behind the vehicle . finally , lem and Chuck make they way unseen under the ship . Chuck carry he spacesuit . angle under the ship now Chuck can work freely . he press some button and a combination to unlock the bottom latch . hisssss as the latch open . this be it . Chuck be gonna make it . he look at lem and they smile . Chuck start to reach up for the ladder when suddenly .... the ship start to rise , as if take off . Chuck can not believe he eye . who 's piloting he ship ??! wider angle reveal the ship be be lift by a crane to be load onto a large army truck . as it 's lift , lem and Chuck be leave expose underneath . the half dozen soldier stare freeze . lem ( aside to Chuck ) any idea ? suddenly Chuck grab hold of the american flag he plant and wave it maniacally . nearby soldier he 's get the doomsday device ! Chuck look at the flag . okay , whatever . chuck right , and I be not afraid to use itl ! Chuck throw the flag way up in the air like a spear . all the soldier scream and dive for cover . Chuck grab lem and they run for a neighbor 's car nearby . they climb in . chuck ( cont 'd ) Quick , hot - wire the car !! lem what 's that ? Chuck roll he eye and start to do it himself . chuck when be you people go to evolve ?! Chuck hotwire the car . they take off as the frighten soldier come out of hide . wide of suburbia as Chuck and lem drive off . ext . STREET - continuous Rover be lead away by soldier . from a distance , skiff watch , despondent . eckle join he . skiff why do he do it ? he have he whole life ahead of he ! with skiff look down , only eckle notice the car with lem and Chuck drive off towards the planetarium . dissolve to : ext . comic book store - late day a moment out of " ET " : Soldiers in germ - proof suit approach the store with a giant plastic roll . other seal the store in plastic . int . comic book store - continuous Rover and the two mind - control soldier be under guard . Rover look worse for have be shot up . into the air-tight seal of the front door come General grawl . then , right behind he come kipple , smile , raring for action . Rover be freaking . ext . town hall — continuous on the tv reporter , speak to camera . behind he , Chuck 's ship be take away in a convoy . tv reporter the fly saucer be go to a undisclose location to be take apart and study . ( get message on earpiece ) correction : I be tell it will be study , then take apart and then study again . cur to : ext . planetarium - continuous lem and Chuck stand on the balcony . in the distance , they see Chuck 's ship be carte off . Chuck check he digital readout . just about 1 day leave . chuck great ! perfect ! now I will never get home ! John Glenn go around the world - he 's a Senator for life ! I go across the freakin ' universe ! I should be Governor , minimum ! but no , I be stick on this stupid rock ! Chuck storm inside . lem follow . int . planetarium / lobby - continuous lem close shade and lock the place for the night . lem this " stupid rock " be my home . or it be ' till you come along and ruined everything ! I want my life back !!! unless there 's something else you want to ruin ! suddenly , lem walk headlong into the curator . a pause . chuck who 's that ? lem ( flat ) my boss . int . planetarium / closet - second later lem gently put the curator inside the closet . lem sorry , Mr. hucklo , it 's just for one night . maybe a week . ( force a smile ) I hope this will not affect we work relationship . lem close the door . from inside , a gentle knock . lem open the door . curator ( simply ) you be fire . lem nod - he know it . he close the door and lock it . suddenly , from outside , SOUND of a car screeching to a stop . lem and Chuck exchange a worried look . cur to : int . comic book store - continuous kipple examine the mind - control soldier like a normal doctor , look inside they antenna like they be ear . professor kipple I should very much like to get inside you head . soldier 2 well , I have a lot of unresolved feeling about my childhood ... professor kipple no , I mean surgically . kipple reveal he scary look surgical instrument . grawl step up . grawl never mind they , Professor . ( be : Rover ) this thing have the answer ! grawl loom over Rover who quiver in fear and wet himself . grawl ( cont 'd ) you find you master before . well you can find he again ! where 's the alien ???!! talk !! talkitit ! grawl bang Rover , cause a mechanical whirring , follow by a light beam shoot out and project a holographic image . the image show william shatner and leonard nimoy in they " Star Trek " costume . shatner hi , I be William shatner . nimoy and I be Leonard nimoy . grawl and kipple stare in disbelief . shatner we have be ask by NASA and paramount studios to send we greeting . nimoy by now you have meet we pathfinder , Rover . its mission be simple ... shatner ...- to explore new world . to seek out new life and new civilization . nimoy ( with a nod to shatner ) that be , after all , only logical . shatner so on behalf of the people of planet earth ... nimoy .».- May you live long and prosper . nimoy hold up the vulcan split-finger sign . shatner try for that , but have to force he finger apart with he other hand . shatner I can never get that ... the image zitze off . grawl and kipple stare blankly . cur to : int . planetarium / lobby - continuous lem and Chuck stand on either side of the door . it 's fairly dark inside , so they can see the silhouettes of two ominous figure enter . as they do , lem and Chuck pounce . there 's a scuffle . hard to tell who 's win . suddenly the light go on . it 's skiff and eckle . lem what be you do here ? eckle we come to help ! all of we . eckle turn to the door . neera enter . she stare at Chuck in wonder . neera you be the alien ! chuck you be , but let 's not get into that . neera turn to lem . neera you have be help he ? lem simply nod . neera 's grin show she approve . she turn to Chuck . neera ( cont 'd ) I be neera . I be honore to meet you . chuck now that 's how you greet a astronaut . ( to neera ) Captain Chuck Baker , mar 'am , at you service . Chuck take she hand and kiss it . neera blushes . lem great ! just great ! first it 's glar . now it 's Chuck ! perfect ! lem storm off into the main auditorium . int . planetarium / observatory - moment later Chuck enter . lem be stare up at the star above . Chuck step up . a pause . chuck no response . so Chuck sit down next to lem . a pause . lem keep look up at the star , so Chuck take a new tact . he look up and point . chuck ( cont 'd ) that 's my home up there . ( point ) see that star , the little red one ? circle that star be a planet call earth - about 20 billion mile away , give or take . lem lem look there 's a lem turn ( mind -blown ) Space be that big ? chuck you kid ? there 's billion of galaxy out there . and each of they have billion of star . next to that we world be just grain of sand . lem ( lament ) nothing I know be right . chuck you know about neera . she 's a great chick . and she love you , I can tell . lem I do not have the right stuff like you . chuck ( confess ) kid ... I never have the right stuff . I be a button pusher . spam in a can . I do not even fly the ship , I just push the button when they tell I to . I only get this job ' cause of my rugge good look . you be the one with the right stuff . you risk everything to help a stranger from another world . neera would be lucky to have a guy like you . at Chuck , move , eye welling up . gentle knock . the other tentatively enter . neera lem ...? to she . neither know what to say . eckle break the silence . eckle what do we do now ? good question . no one seem to know , except lem . he rise , grow the beginning of a true spine . lem we have to get Chuck to he ship . eckle but where be it ? skiff base 9 ! I tell you it 's real ! neera but we do not know where it be . Chuck realize : chuck yes we do ! Rover find I .... I can program he to find my ship ! ( less sure ) at least , if I find the instruction . lem ( look around ) where be Rover ? skiff start to weep melodramatically . skiff it 's too painful to talk about ! eckle give he a consol pat on the back . eckle they have get he at the comic book shop ! lem then we have gotta go get he ! neera 's amaze by this new lem , but she hold out a hand . neera hold on . the whole army 's look for you two ! you can not just stroll through town . move in on lem as he realize : lem ( to eckle and skiff ) that new movie open tonight , right ? skiff and eckle exchange a look . eckle yeah , why ? lem smile . cur to : ext . STREET - continuous a walk scene , slow motion to music like in " the right stuff " . we character seem mighty . after Chuck we see the alien costume on lem , skiff , eckle and neera . with dangle extra arm , cardboard tooth , eye on spring , the costume be a weird contrast to the mightiness of the moment . Chuck give lem a slow motion thumb up . lem return it . then , as thing go to normal speed , lem turn to skiff : lem you sure no one can see my face ? skiff the police will never recognize you . lem ( embarrassed ) I be more worried about my friend . reveal around they , a number of local in alien costume , walk towards : ext . movie theater - night we start on a huge poster for " humaniacs 3 " fill with image of invade alien . reveal a sign for the costume contest as dozen gather in makeshift alien costume . most costume be pretty awful version of the alien on the movie poster - many human - like . the event have the feel of a " Star Wars " open . we find the tv reporter , speak to he tv camera . tv reporter here at ground zero , undaunted by by horde of invade alien , the resident of glipforg bravely go about they normal routine . on the teacher atop a makeshift stage , announce : teacher humaniacs to my leave ! machiniacs to my right ! fleshivore and brain eater in the middle ! int . comic book store - continuous with kipple and grawl busy , Rover see there 's a clear path to the front door . and the door be open . ext . movie theater - continuous from where they stand , lem and Chuck can see the comic book shop in the distance . they exchange a look . about to head over , they each have a hand place on they shoulder . have they be catch ? reveal it 's the teacher . teacher what great costume ! you two be finalist . ( point to makeshift stage ) up on stage ! lem we be not here to enter the contest . teacher then why be you dress like alien ? that draw the attention of some soldier nearby who look at Chuck suspiciously . lem look around and see there 's soldier everywhere . he turn back to the teacher . lem we be here to win the contest ! let 's go ! lem put a arm around Chuck who offer a thumb up . with a desperate look back at neera , lem and Chuck follow the teacher up on stage . there 's so many soldier around , they can not run off . int . comic book store - continuous Rover look around . no one 's watch he . work up the nerve , he bolt for the door . suddenly , a soldier see he and ready he rifle . before he fire , a hand reach out to stop he . it 's grawl . grawl hold you fire . soldier 4 but General , it 's get away . move in on grawl who mutter softly to Rover : grawl take we to you leader ... ext . STREET - continuous on rover , he tracking light blink . ext . movie theater - continuous on chuck and lem , now on stage , look around for a way to get out of there . there be soldier on either side of the stage . Chuck do not see he tracking device start blink . on the teacher , step up to the microphone . she tap it . teacher welcome to the " humaniacs 3 " costume contest ! let 's hear it for the finalist ! people start cheering . among the crowd , lem 's parent , surprised to see he there . lem lean in to whisper : lem what do we do ? Chuck lift he helmet just slightly . eyeing the crowd , he grow a sly smile . chuck I say , let 's give ‘em they daily minimum dose of Chuck . he lower he helmet and turn to the crowd , wave , play it up . they love it and cheer . ext . STREET - continuous Rover roll along . sense something , he stop and look around . nothing 's there . as he roll on , we reveal he 's be tail by soldier . up ahead : the movie theater . ext . movie theater - continuous lem watch as fellow contestant parade for the cheer crowd . then , to he shock , Chuck float by he do the " moonwalk " . the crowd love it . Chuck wave . lem look out and exchange a worried look with neera . on Chuck , do more showboat . he motion for lem to come join he . lem shake he head . ext . suburban STREET - continuous General grawl , kipple and soldier be stalking Rover . he roll on , oblivious . ext . movie theater - continuous Chuck be do the twist a la travolta in " pulp fiction " . people cheer . Chuck pull lem over and make he dance too . on lem . he can not believe this . but as he reluctantly go along , the crowd cheer more . what the hell , lem do a little dance move . the crowd love it . lem smile , have fun . he wave to neera who stand with skiff and eckle . she look around nervously , then start to smile , especially when she see lem on stage showboat . Chuck fall to the floor and do some hip - hop spin . lem fall to the floor and join he . the crowd love it . angle on rover , approach the rear of the crowd . reveal behind he : Soldiers approach . angle on stage . Chuck and lem jump to they foot and hold up they arm for the cheer crowd . the teacher step back up to the microphone . teacher I think we have a winner ! make that twol ! the teacher gesture to Chuck and lem and hand they a trophy . they each grab hold with one hand and raise it up in the air . people cheer . lem be thrilled . angle on rover in the crowd , use he ' arm ' to clap . he look to he side where lem 's parent stand . lem 's Mom and Rover share a " smile " . then , she suddenly realize what she 's smile at and : scream !!! people now see Rover and start to scream and run . the soldier close in . on stage , lem and Chuck realize they be in danger . they look around for a way to get out of there . it 's pandemonium . people scream . running . Soldiers grab people in alien costume , rip off mask to find Chuck . neera and eckle wave to lem , point where to run . lem and Chuck see a clear way to escape from there . they walk casually , play it cool . Rover look around in a panic . he turn to run , but suddenly find himself face General grawl . instantly , Rover be surround by soldier who capture he . the Captain come up to grawl . captain all this costume , sir . how do we find the alien ? grawl look around and spot something . he grin knowingly . grawl it 's simple , Captain . the alien , like we , be in uniform . reveal grawl be look at Chuck and lem . angle on chuck , feature the american flag patch on he shoulder . Chuck and lem be about to get away when suddenly a flood of soldier surround they , rifle draw . it 's over . angle on rover , place into a dog carrier , a prisoner . angle on skiff , watch this . he feel bad for Rover , but then notice a discard alien costume that look somewhat like Rover . he get a idea . grawl step up to Chuck and lem . grawl and Chuck stand face to face for the first time . Chuck start to take off he helmet . a tense moment for everyone there . then , he face be reveal . some people gasp . but Chuck do not flinch and keep look at they all . a nervous moment . kipple step up and join grawl . grawl ( cont 'd ) look at it , Professor . it 's disgusting . and it smell ! chuck ( defensive ) you try wear the same suit for three week and see how you smell ! kipple step up and examine Chuck 's skull . professor kipple amazing ! a brain even larger than mine ! ( point to Chuck 's skull ) a incision here . and here . the brain should pop right out . Chuck be horrify , as be lem and friend . even grawl be gross out . grawl why the brain , Professor ? professor kipple because the brain be the key to everything . skiff not the anus ?? lem step forward . lem you be make a mistake ! he 's friendly ! kipple turn to lem . professor kipple poor boy . he 's a zombie . I will remove he brain too . lem 's face drop as soldier grab he . neera be horrify . lem 's Mom cry . on Chuck , see all this , then look at lem . he 's get to do something . suddenly Chuck break free of the guard and begin to make that sci-fi SOUND again . chuck hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ! t!! people step back , scared . he step up to lem , hold out he arm in that monster - like way . he make weird alien hypnotic motion . and he voice sound monotone and alien-like . chuck ( cont 'd ) you-are-no-longer-needed -slave ! i- release - you ! return-to-your-puny - life ! Chuck put he hand on lem 's head as if to squeeze he brain . aside , so no one else can hear , Chuck tell he : chuck ( cont 'd ) I be go down anyway , kid , no need for you to go with I . thanks for everything . now Chuck get dramatic , make a mind - release gesture and a final sci- fi SOUND . it 's over and everyone busy into it . lem 's parent run up and embrace he . lem be too shocked by event to respond . lem' mom lem ! Chuck head back to where he be stand before . grawl how about it , Professor ? kipple step up to lem and look he over . professor kipple difficult to tell . ( to lem ) do you still believe the alien be friendly ? a pause . lem look around . his parent look at he hopefully . neera shake she head . skiff motion for lem to say no . Chuck offer a smile and shake he head . finally , lem look down . lem no ... professor kipple this boy be free ! cheer and sigh of relief . grawl all right . let 's get this alien to base 9 . Chuck be take away with a sad look of " good - bye " to lem . lem be near tear . Chuck be shove roughly into a truck . the other soldier quickly load the dog carrier . grawl get into a nearby jeep . people gather around lem , further separate he from Chuck . pull back to show lem helplessly surround and embrace by the crowd as Chuck be take away . dissolve to : ext . desert road - night a low , musical intro to a song begin . a convoy of army vehicle drive by . on one vehicle , a truck . int . army truck - continuous this be a huge truck . Chuck be behind bar , in a cell in the center of the truck . he 's guard by soldier nearby . the dog carrier be lash to a truck panel . Chuck look down at the digital readout . now he have less than a day leave . as the intro end and the song begins , Chuck be the one who sing : " Space oddity " . Chuck belt it out dramatically and with lot of self - pity : chuck ( sing ) Ground control to Major tom. ( as background ) 10 . 9. 8. ( sing ) commence countdown engine on . ( as background ) 5 . 4 . ( sing ) check ignition and may God 's love be with you ..... ( as background ) liftoff . as the music kick in , we use this song to intercut between lem and Chuck . ext . lem' home - night lem and he family approach they home through a throng of reporter and bystander . the reporter take picture of lem . what should be a proud moment , be sad for he . angle on neera , go into she home next door . she look at lem sadly . eckle be with she . the song continue , sung by Chuck . chuck ( v.o. ) ( sing ) this be ground control to Major Tom . you really make the grade . ( reporter take picture of lem ) and the papers want to know whose shirt you wear . ( on neera , watch lem sadly ) now it 's time to leave the capsule if you dare . int . army truck - night the truck have arrive . Soldiers come and take Chuck out of he cell as he keep sing self - righteously . the truck be park at the base 9 containment building . the soldier literally lift chuck in the AIR and carry he inside . they also take Rover 's cage . chuck ( sing ) this be Major Tom to ground control . I be step through the door . and I be float in a most peculiar way . int . base 9 / chuck cell - night Chuck be toss inside he cell . he look around he new prison cell . chuck ( sing ) and the world look very different today ! int . lem' room - night on lem , look around at the star , seemingly surround by they as camera ' float ' around he . chuck ( v.o. ) ( sing ) for here be I float in a tin can . reveal lem be at he dome roof , look at the night sky as we see he from a extreme high angle . chuck ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) Far above the world . int . base 9 / chuck cell - night we see Chuck from that same high angle as he look up , seemingly at the distant star and earth . chuck ( sing ) Planet earth be blue and there 's nothing I can do . reverse show he in he new cell . Chuck start to do he " bowie clap " in that affect , effeminate way . the guard nearby watch he , weird out . on the second clap we abruptly ... cur to : int . planetarium / auditorium - day hand clap in a match CUT . this start applause for ... the tv reporter , get ready to conduct a live interview . tv reporter we be here to honor a young man who survive a harrowing ordeal at the hand of the alien monster . lem , come on out ! people applaud . among that in the audience , neera , eckle , skiff , eckle 's parent , Chief gorloc , the milkman , the mailman , the teacher , the curator . angle on lem and he parent , stand in the wing . lem seem trance - like . lem' dad Son ? his parent exchange a bewilder look . lem' mom you do it . you get everything you always want . lem' dad be not that great ? lem nod and glumly go out to the center . he sit by the tv reporter . tv reporter lem , I understand you will be work right here after you graduate , teach about the mystery of space . give we a preview . lem look around , uncomfortable . lem well ... ( recall by rote ) if you be to stretch a rope from one end of the universe to the other , it would reach over 500 mile ! tv reporter 500 mile ! impress reaction from the audience . lem ( still by rote ) and have you ever try count the star ? do not bother , there 's too many . over one thousand . tv reporter one thousand ! remarkable . more of a reaction from the audience . that start to snap lem out of it . he look around at they , start to realize something . lem you know what 's really remarkable ? that we believe this . no one know how big space be . there 's billion of galaxy and each one of they have billion of star . next to that , we world be just ... lem stop and look around , come fully back to life . lem ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . lem walk away . neera and eckle exchange a look . she nod to skiff who take off one way . she and eckle go the other . the reporter urgently motion to someone who flip a switch that start a typical 50 's sing commercial . cur to : ext . planetarium - moment later neera and eckle look all around . no sign of lem . then , they hear a SOUND from a nearby police car . they find lem in the front seat , pull out the ignition wire . neera lem , what be you do ? lem it 's call hot-wire . I think it 's a earth custom . lem touch the wire . the engine start . lem step up to they . neera and lem ( cont 'd ) I get my life back , but it turn out I do not want it anymore . skiff exchange a confuse look . neera I do not understand . lem my friend 's in trouble . I be gonna go help he . ( step up to neera ) maybe you would be better off with glar . someone who can give you a stable life with secur ... neera suddenly haul off and kiss lem . a long pause . then , she let he go . lem ( cont 'd ) or , not . neera I be go with you ! eckle I too ! lem well that 's great , but I do not know where I be go . suddenly , from nearby : skiff ( 0.s. ) yes you do . they turn to see skiff with a dog carrier . he open it to reveal rover . excite , Rover wag he ' tail ' and rush up to lem . lem Rover ! neera in all the excitement , we could not tell you . skiff pull a switch . lem look at skiff , amaze . they exchange a smile . lem lean down to Rover . lem Rover , where 's Chuck ? can you find Chuck ??? Rover look around as if try to find the scent . then suddenly , he tracking light blink . the direction lead far off into the desert . Rover look at they and nod . skiff ( excited ) we be go to base 9 !!! lem c'mon ! they get in the car to guitar strain of a folk song . cur to : ext . town hall - continuous the music come from glar who start a song tbd about the end of the protest movement . the teens be take apart they protest sign . lem drive by and stop . he get and idea and back up . lem glar , how would you like a cause you can really sing about ? glar stop play and look up . glar dig ! ( off confuse face ) cool ! ( off confuse face ) Far out ! still no one get it . the teens glar ( cont 'd ) what I mean to say be that would be really desirable . smile . lem take the desert road . we will meet up ahead . lem drive on . cur to : base 9 / chuck cell - day a dozen or so guard enter and aim they rifle at Chuck , all terrify of he . last , grawl enter , look formidable . grawl so you think you could take over we world ! you kind know no decency ! chuck my kind ??? ( to nearby soldier ) do you hear that ?? ( to grawl ) that be species profiling ! grawl tell we you invasion plan ! and do not bother take over my mind . if you do ... ( point ) Captain kizno have order to shoot I . if you take over Captain kizno 's mind , liutenant groit have order to shoot he . if you take over Lieutenant groit 's mind , sergeant yerk will shoot Captain kizno , Lieutenant groit and myself along with this three soldier . each soldier have a designate target in the squad . should you succeed in take over all of we mind , corporal hisk ... he point to a hisk at the far end of the room , stand by a electric console . grawl ( cont 'd ) ... have order to electrocute everyone . if all this fail , the entire base be rig to blow at the touch of a button . grawl reveal a remote base destruct device with a big red button . Chuck be dumbfounded . a confuse private venture : confuse private 1 General , be I suppose to shoot hecknavar or kolski ? confuse private 2 I shoot kolski ! grawl no , you shoot meckavoy . confuse private 2 then who shoot kolski ? kolski ( offer ) I can shoot myself . grawl that will not be necessary . hecknavar , you shoot kolski , Captain kisno and graze corporal hisk . hecknavar yes , Sir ! hecknavar shoot corporal hisk in the leg . corporal hisk ahhhhgh ! ! grawl not yet ! suddenly all soldier aim they gun at each other . kolski Drop you weapon ! other soldier you ! no , he first ! I be not take my eye off kisno ! Drop it dirtbag ! a pause . suddenly , soldier start shoot and diving for cover . Chuck look on , nonpluss . try to shout above the maelstrom : grawl hold you fire !! angle on corporal hisk at he console . he flip lever , deliver painful electric shock to the soldier who continue to shoot at each other . on Chuck , watch in disbelief . finally : grawl ( cont 'd ) hold you FIRE ! !!!!! that finally stop the battle . grawl ( cont 'd ) Captain kizno , get everyone out of here ! the soldier start limping away and carry off the wounded . grawl glower over Chuck . chuck you be not think that 's my fault , right ? grawl Professor kipple ! Dramatic pause . kipple enter dress for surgery . grawl ( cont 'd ) he 's all yours ! kipple glow . this be what he 's be wait for . Chuck be terrify . cur to : ext . desert / gas station - day lem pull into the gas station with the team , pass the huge , 50' - stylize sign . they get out and look around . there be nothing around anywhere . they turn to Rover , who 's excited , he red tracking light blink wildly . skiff he think we find he . lem look around . lem ( sad , to himself ) poor Chuck , I let you down . cur to : int . base 9 / outside operating room - continuous Chuck be strapped to a table . the two mind - control soldier be wheeled out on gurney . they head be bandage . a doctor walk behind they with jar label " brain " . kipple emerge . he examine 's Chuck 's skull longingly . professor kipple a brain even larger than mine . what must it be capable of ! chuck dude , it 's totally under-utilized . I spend four year at a party school . trust I , it 's mush . professor kipple we will find out , will not we . I once have the large brain on the planet . now -- ( reveal he instrument ) I will have the two large . mine and yours . kipple nod to the doctor who start to wheel Chuck into the operate room . cur to : int . gas station - continuous lem and the other enter . the place be dilapidate , rundown . lem hello ....! anyone here ! suddenly , a rattling SOUND . they turn to see skiff be try to get a display case door open . Inside , a lone , dusty old candy bar sit on a display stand . lem ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? skiff no one 's around , I be not gonna get in trouble . skiff pull the door open and reach for the candy bar . as he pick it up , hold on the display stand which sink down . a low , powerful rumbling begin . the whole building begin to shake violently . lem look at skiff angrily . skiff 's eye go wide . he quickly take coin from he pocket and hold they up , announce : skiff ( cont 'd ) I be pay ! I be pay ! suddenly , a monstrous noise from out front . they look out to see : slowly , unbelievably , the giant gas station sign begin to flip over . as it head underground , its other side wind up on top . its other side be a ramp that lead downward . lem and team be stunne silent . ext . gas station - second later the team step up to the ramp . there be landing light head downward . a quick look over the edge show that down below be a massive army base . it 's like a underground city , teaming with soldier . this be base 9 . neera there 's soldier everywhere . how be we gonna get in ? suddenly , SOUND of a car pull up . it 's glar and the teens . lem see they and smile . he 's get a idea . cur to : int . base 9 / operating room - a bit later Chuck be scared . kipple reveal a scary buzz see . chuck ( scared ) I do not suppose you planet 's invent demerol ??? kipple pull the cord and start the see . ext . base 9 - continuous we say " ext " only because we be outside the base 9 building . but this be really a vast underground space that 's beneath a 200 foot ceiling . Soldiers be go about they normal routine when they begin to hear something . it sound like chant . angle on the ramp leading down . it 's glar and the teens in he hippie car . they carry sign that say : let the man go ! - stick it to the men , not the man - a brain be a terrible thing to waste - make love , not interstellar war ! they chant : teens one , two , three , four , we do not want you alien war ! ( etc . ) after 3 or 4 round , a guitar strum stop it . reveal glar , in full Dylan regalia include a alien harmonica around he neck . he 's start a song similar to " Times be a change " . glar now come all you alien , do not be afraid . you welcome we still be arrange . we use to think you be the enemy come . but the time they be a diff-er-ent . he give one blast on the harmonica , then look up at the surround soldier . Music stop . glar ( cont 'd ) uh , be be here against the rule ? angle wide behind the soldier ( so 's not to see any violence ) as the soldier attack and the teens flee . angle behind the van . lem and team sneak out and make they way unseen into base 9 . int . base 9 / operating room - continuous about to open Chuck 's skull , Professor kipple gun the motor , stalling it . it stop dead . Chuck sigh . ext . base 9 / side of build - continuous a couple of soldier guard the front door . around the side , the team hide . what to do ? eckle signal from the side of the building . he 's find a air vent . the other join he . Rover lead the way , tracking Chuck . int . base 9 / vent shaft - continuous the team be in the building ventilation shaft , follow Rover . Rover come to another grate and push it open . they all crawl out to : int . base 9 / display room - continuous there be many glass case hold display . each contain something that fall out of the sky . int . base 9 / operating room - continuous the doctor be gather around the buzz see . doctor 1 maybe you should give it more gas . doctor 2 you will flood it . doctor 3 what if you open the choke ? Chuck roll he eye at this moron . finally , annoyed : chuck oh give I a break ! you do not open the choke ' till after the engine start ! the doctor stop . Professor kipple pull the cord . the engine roar back to life . Chuck moan at own stupidity . int . base 9 / display room - continuous up ahead , Rover point the way to a door . lem it 's this way ! they dash out and find the hall empty . they run for it . int . base 9 / operating room - continuous kipple approach Chuck with the see . closer . closer . suddenly , the door burst open . lem and team rush in . so close to he prize , kipple go for Chuck 's skull . but he 's suddenly saw metal . in the last second , Rover place a metal claw in the way . the doctor back off . kipple look around and furtively sneak to the back of the room . lem and neera untie Chuck . he embrace they . chuck guy , this be so luke skywalker ! Chuck check he digital readout out . 25 minute leave . chuck ( cont 'd ) we gotta book . lem how do we find you ship ? Chuck smile and flip a switch on Rover . Rover 's tracking light start flash . chuck Rover will lead we right to it . suddenly , a beeerrrraaaap alarm go off . ext . base 9 / recovery room - continuous kipple have press the alarm . he head out . ext . base 9 outside area - continuous the group poke they head out . no sign of soldier . skiff you think they know where we be ? suddenly shot ring out and bullet hit nearby . chuck I be think that 's a ' yes ' . they head off . two soldier follow . int . base 9 / corridor - continuous grawl come out of he office , put on he jacket . he meet up with the kipple . professor kipple General , you must save its brain . grawl I be more concerned with save we world ! grawl pick up the remote destruct device and look grim . ext . base 9 / another outside area - continuous Chasing we team , two soldier round the corner and stop suddenly when they see : neera , stand alone , look she hippie finest . she hold three flower in she hand . they exchange a look . neera approach they . neera I know you do not really want to make war . she put the stem of a flower in each . neera ( cont 'd ) this one 's for peace . ( next flower ) this one 's for love . with a flower in each of they rifle , they look at the third in she hand . soldier 4 what 's that for ? suddenly , Chuck come up behind they . chuck that 's for you . he punch one . he hold he hand and groans in pain . lem punch the other and hold he hand too . as the team run on Chuck bemoan he sore hand : chuck ( cont 'd ) they make it look so easy in the movie ! int . base 9 / recovery room - continuous the two mind - control soldier be sit up in they bed , leg cross casually , sip beverage from paper cup as if they be at a cocktail party . they each have massive bandage on they empty head . soldier 1 that professor 's a genius ! soldier 2 I feel positively effervescent . soldier 1 in fine fettle . what a salubrious experience ! soldier 2 well say . cheer . they " clink " paper cup , crush they completely , yet continue to mime drink as if they still hold water . ( note : this scene might make a great button during or after the close credit . ) ext . base 9 / MAIN hanger - moment later follow Rover , the team reach this massive hanger . they look around , confuse . neera tap lem and point to : chuck ship . they approach in wonder . it 's a great sight . lem how do we get it out of here ? in answer , eckle find a control panel hang from a long chain . he press it , cause the roof overhead to split and start to open , revealing the sky above . a beautiful moment . they all look up , thrilled . some affectionate chuck on the shoulder for eckle . chuck Way to go , kid . suddenly : grawl ( 0.s. ) step away from the fly saucer and put you hand in the air ! they turn and see grawl . next to he , kipple . then , the whole army show up . in short order , they be surround . the team exchange a look . they be trap . grawl step up . he hold up the destruct button . grawl ( cont 'd ) you never have a chance . grawl flip the " ready " button . destruct device around the room arm themselves . chuck you would destroy the whole base just to get I ? neera that 's sick ! chuck ( aside ) actually , it 's kind of flatter . grawl sick , young lady , be help the enemy of you world ! sick be befriend a creature that 's so completely -- different !! sick be - ( point to Chuck ) well look , it 's right in front of you ! ( to kipple ) I be sorry , Professor , it 's too dangerous to let the alien live another minute . through grawl' Pov , he scope on Chuck 's head , we suddenly see lem step in front . lem approach the General gingerly , try to have a heart to heart talk . as he talk , he get closer and closer . lem General , I know what you be afraid of . I understand , I be afraid of it too . it 's not Chuck . it 's not alien or monster . it 's something even scarier . it 's the unknown . I have spend my whole life run from it . and I think maybe you have too . but the unknown be not something to be afraid of . ( with a smile at Chuck ) it can be you best friend . ( to grawl ) and just when you think it mean the end of everything you know ... ( a sly look at he team ) it 's really just the beginning . lem suddenly grab the remote base destruct device and press the red button . a freeze moment . grawl stare in disbelief . lem can not even believe it . and suddenly : the base alarm sound . they hear : loudspeaker voice base destruct , two minute . the soldier all stare in horror . they exchange look . lem turn to kipple . lem what be you look at ? run !!! kipple run . other soldier follow and soon they be all flee except grawl . grawl stare in disbelief . then , furious , he aim he gun right at lem ... .»-. suddenly he arm be grab . it 's neera . neera that 's my boyfriend !!! she punch grawl . grawl be stunne , but not knock out . he 's about to raise he gun again . this time it 's eckle who jump in , swinging the control panel , knock grawl out . as the room empty of soldier , lem turn to Chuck . lem let 's go ! chuck everyone on board ! the team rush for the ship . int . chuck ship - continuous Chuck start all system . but he grimace . lem what 's the matter ? chuck no time for auto pilot . ( realize ) I be gonna have to fly this thing ! ( press button ) I be so put in for overtime . a bit nervous , he start press button . SOUND of the ship power up . loudspeaker voice base destruct , 1 minute . Chuck get ready to lift off . but then he notice grawl unconscious on the floor . on the hatch as lem and skiff ready to pull it shut . chuck ( grudgingly ) wait .... ext . base 9 / MAIN hanger - continuous Chuck bolt out the ship and head for grawl . skiff and lem poke they head out . skiff what be you do ? chuck I can not leave he here ! skiff why ? lem ( smile , be : Chuck ) ' Cause he 's get the right stuff . lem step out to help . they get grawl on board . loudspeaker voice base destruct , 15 second ... they close the ship 's hatch . int . chuck ship - continuous chuck this be gonna be rough ! ext . base 9 / MAIN hanger - continuous loudspeaker voice base destruct , 10 second . 9 . 8 ... the engine start . slowly , too slowly , the ship start to lift . int . chuck ship - continuous chuck she 's heavy ! he hit the throttle . ext . base 9 / MAIN hanger - continuous the ship be start to pick up momentum . loudspeaker voice 4 . 3 . 2 . ext . gas station - continuous all the soldier , glar and the teens have get out of the base and stand watch as .... there's a massive rumbling and explosion below . before they , a volcano- like explosion from the ground . they stare in horror until ... they see a ship emerge , fly out just ahead of the flame . the NASA capsule launch precariously upward . on the teens , cheer . on kipple , as the the mind - control soldier step up . soldier 1 Doc , that brain operation be inspire ! soldier 2 you simply must try it ! as they take he away , kipple look around . it 's clear he can not get away from they . int . chuck ship - continuous on chuck , piloting , proud that he do it . quickly , the view change . Blue sky become black space and star . a magical moment as they break orbit and make it to space . they all stare out in awe . Chuck release lem 's strap , cause lem to float up in zero gravity . the other join he . lem float to the window , where he look out at the view of a lifetime . Chuck float next to he . chuck whatta you think ? lem what a big universe !! ( look at Chuck , smile ) I be definitely come back here ! General grawl wake up and see where they be , see he 's weightless . grawl be you go to take over my mind ? chuck you can keep it . eckle General , you have be read too many comic book . chuck ( to all ) strap in everyone , I be take you home . grawl stare in wonder at everyone float back to they seat . it 's a marvel and he allow a small smile . Chuck start to bring the ship down for a landing . from they Pov , they get closer and closer to the planet . below , a continent , a vast stretch of land , suburbia and finally ... ext . town hall - day Chuck 's ship land . people approach warily . Police car pull up and officer aim they gun , include Chief gorloc . the hatch open . lem and gang step out , follow by grawl and finally by Chuck . the police aim they gun at Chuck . grawl step in front of he . grawl it 's all right , Chief . he 's with I . ( turn to Chuck ) Captain ... thanks for save my life . grawl salute Chuck , who smile and salute back . chuck a pleasure , General . maybe next time you have guest , you will throw a better party . as Chuck turn to eckle , more people arrive . among they , lem 's parent . they run up and hug he . eckle 's parent arrive and embrace neera . the onlooker see Chuck act friendly and watch , curious . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( to eckle ) kid , how would you like to be president of the Planet one Chuck Baker fan club ? eckle nod , proudly . Chuck reach into he suit and pull out a massive stack of signed headshot . Chuck rise and see skiff . then , he turn to Rover . chuck ( cont 'd ) Rover , you come or you want to stay here ? Rover look at Chuck and again at skiff . he decide and sidle up to skiff with love . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( to skiff ) he need oil every 3000 mile and a whole lotta love . skiff be overjoy that Rover get to stay . they jump around together . now the crowd be fill in . Chuck check he digital readout and look around anxiously for ... lem , who 's across the crowd , look for Chuck . through the throng they meet eye and smile . they approach , stand before each other smile wordlessly . then : chuck ( cont 'd ) lem , you save my life . lem ( a smile ) you save mine too . neera join lem . Chuck turn to she . chuck you get a good man there . neera ( smile ) I know . Chuck turn back to lem . they hug . then Chuck head for he ship . at the door , he turn back to lem . chuck you ever make it to earth , I be in the phone book . Chuck get in he ship . everyone back away . to a great swell of music , the ship take off . people wave good - bye . on lem , watch , move . he and neera exchange a look and they kiss . skiff and Rover see this , both touch . skiff dab he eye with a handkerchief and hand it to Rover who do the same . fade out the end