window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app57.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=1484;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.geocities.com:80/zzippeddskripptzz/apeland/poa_new.html " , " 20040110203112 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1073766672 " ) ; Planet of the ape : script to screen back . bodytext { font - family : courier , courier New , mono ; font-size : 11 px ; color : #ffffff } div {position : absolute} Planet of the ape chapter 1 : MAIN title chapter 2 : pericle fade in : ext. space speed through star-spangled blackness . infinity around we . eternity before , and after . into frame : jupiter . a massive swirl of color . filling the screen for a beat . continue past the planet : as jupiter's moons come into view form a breathtaking line of freeze orb . change direction with gut - wrenching speed . loop closer to one moon . pull back past the metallic frame of what seem to be a ship' window to a multi-color control panel . aglow with lcd light . into frame a long , fur-cover finger punch button on the board . in a precise series . a course be digitally imaged . tilt and reveal : the startling vision of a chimpanzee at the control . fitted with monitoring helmet and vest . his deep brown eye sentient , intense . a red light suddenly flash on the panel . a beep sound harshly . the chimp ( pericle ) quickly re-enter he command sequence . the beep get faster . and the faster it get , the more flustered he get . int. flight simulator - continuous through the window the light begins to fill the frame . pericles try to shield he eye ; now he can not see the button on the board . begins to slap at the control in confusion . the beep turn into one long wail . the view in the window freeze . the control panel go black . reflected on the control panel - a second face human . captain leo davidson ( 20' ) reach over the chimp and punch off the beeping red light . silence . leo you lose . widen : oberon - reveal flight simulator pericle , the chimpanzee , vocalize . leo surprise ? I change you flight sequence . pericles tap the key . confused . he look to leo. leo ( cont 'd ) I know you can hit the fast ball ... but what about the curve ? pericles bang the equipment hard like a toddler . leo ( cont 'd ) that 's enough pericles . pericles start to throw a small tantrum . leo ( cont 'd ) stop it . ( when he do not ) ... or no treat . pericles stop immediately . leo ( cont 'd ) how well do I know you ? ext. space -- oberon moving through the silence of Space . card : joint force mobile resident station , the near future int . oberon - corridor on the wall : a star-filled icon incorporating the american flag over which be write : usaf oberonleo walk quickly with pericles . pericles reach up and take Leo 's hand . ext . oberon - animal live quarter leo walk by a warning sign . insert sign : caution : live animal security access only int. oberon - animal live quarter a explosion of animal noise as we sweep by cage of primate : mostly chimpanzee , a few orangutans , gibbon , even a young lowland gorilla . various mo tech specialist work with the ape in the b.g : one specialist pick out a simple melody ( easily recognizable ) on a electronic keyboard for one ape ; the ape watch , then try to repeat the note . insert : the cage be mark with metallic square stamp with serial number and nickname . pericles scoot to the comforting arm of chief medical officer lt . col . grace alexander . Alexander be the homo sapien mean to you again ? ( turn to Leo ) we all know it 's just rocket envy . leo ever consider a actual boyfriend ? Alexander you mean do I enjoy be miserable ? I will stick with my chimp . pericles jump up on a counter . pull on a cabinet . Leo take a biscuit from a huge bag of treat . put it behind he back , then hold out he hand . pericles choose right , nothing ; leave , not there either . pericles squawk . leo another curve ball . Alexander you be not authorize to change he flight training . leo I be teach he . Leo pull the biscuit from he back pocket . hand it to pericles . Alexander you be teasing he . leo he 's gene splice , chromosome enhance ... a state of the art monkey ... he can take it . alexander when you frustrate they , they lose focus ... get confuse . even violent . across the room a chimp screech and rattles its cage . Alexander bring pericles over . Alexander ( cont 'd ) congratulation , pericles , you be go to be a daddy . leo I think I see a smirk on he face . Alexander actually , the female be the aggressive one . she look right at leo. Leo react . be this a come on ? leo aggressive work for I . she look up at he , smile . a moment between they , then , a tech appear . tech hey , Leo , you get a postcard . chapter 3 : eye of the STORM new angle Leo take the ' postcard ' -- a small , thin wireless lcd monitor and find a quiet place to sit by himself . click on he mail . time code display the date : 02-07-2029 on lcd screen : ext. leo 's house - front porch - day cramme in front of a lens wave madly be Leo 's father , mother , sister , younger brother and a few other relative . a handsome , strong family . one little brother wave a toy model of the oberon . leo 's mother ( flustered ) now ? ok , hi , honey , it 's I ... you mom . Leo smile warmly . his mother wear a oberon pin on she dress . in the b.g. we can see a small old AIR strip with several plane , a hangar and wind sock on a pole . leo 's mother ( cont 'd ) I have so much to tell you ... Leo 's Father step forward in frame . leo 's father but she will not ... ' cause this be cost I a fortune . hi , son . the tv show some picture of you from space . the picture stutter . jump . leo' father ( cont 'd ) ... we be all real proud of you ... leo 's mother ... we just want you to come back to we safely ... her voice break . Leo react . then the picture goe out . Leo bang on the screen . it read : ' you service have be interrupted . ' wider : the entire room goe dark for a moment . the animal screech . when the light come back on Leo rush out . int. oberon - just outside bridge the security door . a shatter proof glass barrier . leo use a hand print id system to gain access . the door slide OPEN . Leo hurry through -- int. oberon - the bridge - continuous as leo enter crew member be gather around a large digital screen . specialist hansen ( 20' ) work the board with commander karl vasich ( 40' ) . major frank santos ( 30' ) and maria cooper ( 20' ) be already there . franK we find it . maria it find we . Leo look up to see -- on screen : a electromagnetic cloud rushing through space hansen it 's move like a storm . vasich that 's what it be . a electromagnetic storm ... frank this be what 's cause blackout on earth . maria it 's ... beautiful . vasich so 's the sun till you get too close . hansen this be weird . I be pick up frequency pattern . vasich tune they in . on screen : a quick rush of image , include : tv color bar , digital grids , then a scene from bonanza , a soccer game in arabic , a old bandstand , the quiz show concentration , walter cronkite , a cooking show , a tom and jerry cartoon , BBC concert , the young castro speechify , ally mcbeal , public service spot in spanish , mao waving to troops . all the while incongruous audio plays simultaneously : NORTH korean radio , piece of cellular phone conversation , AIR pilot / tower chatter ... a ten second montage of the history of world communication . hansen it 's suck up satellite relay , cell phone conversation , tv broadcast ... every electronic communication from earth ... from all time . leo ( sarcastic ) ten billion channel and nothing to watch . widen the ship goe dark again . a strange stillness settles over the bridge . the power return . the display have spook they all . maria it sure know how to get you attention . vasich let 's get to work . we will start with a pass through the core . take initial radiation and gamma ray reading . vasich turn to leo. vasich ( cont 'd ) get you monkey ready . Leo do not move . look at the other pilot . leo Sir , this be a waste of time . vasich we have standard procedure ... leo ( over ) and by the time you go through all of they , it could be go . vasich know what Leo be lobby for . vasich no manned flight . first we send out a ape , then if it 's safe , we send a pilot -- in that order . leo let I do my job . you need somebody out there who can think , remember that ? ... you need I . vasich be calm but firm . vasich he 's the canary . that 's the coal mine . Alpha pod deploy at 1600 . close on pericle his soft brown eye look around anxiously for something . finally focus on -- leo . widen : int. oberon - launch platform Alexander and she crew help Leo secure pericles in the pod . Leo check the flight suit . he try to hide he concern from the chimp . leo just follow you sequence and then come home . understand ? Home . the crew finish up . pericles vocalize , look for Leo -- need Leo 's reassurance . Leo turn to pericles , smile , give he a thumb up . pericle look down at he own hand . select he thumb . pull it up -- as the door be sealed and wipe screen . int . oberon - flight control - deck Leo sit next to vasich . Frank , Alexander and the rest of the team huddle around . through Leo 's head set he hear a aural boiler plate of technical data on the digital screen : static pulse in brilliant color close on control board they watch the alpha pod trace the course of a ellipse around the oberon . moving toward the ENERGY cluster punch even closer -- the image of alpha pod flicker . Alexander lean forward . Alexander what 's wrong ? leo he 's off course . vasich speak in a dull monotone that obscure concern . vasich lock on he . Leo slide forward a red lever on the board . a beat , then -- leo he 's not respond . Alexander surge in the heart rate . he 's scared . the monitor flash then goe dead . they be all stunne . vasich Light he up again . leo I can not ... a endless second of frantic activity at the board . Frank check he monitor . closer - on control board as the pod disappear . leo ( cont 'd ) Jesus . he 's go . alexander he 's train to come back to the oberon . frank if he 's alive ... pan there face -- the silence be agony . Leo can not just do nothing . leo I be wait for order , sir . vasich we sit tight for now and wait . beat , Leo think . leo I will run some sequence in Delta pod . see if I can figure out what he do wrong . Leo get up and leave . chapter 4 : davidson 's risk omit int. oberon - launch platform - delta pod - later Leo sit into delta pod . stare out at the immensity of Space . over the headset leo can hear flight control chatter . on screen -- Leo plot several variation on pericles ' flight sequence . over the headset : Leo recognize vasich 's voice . vasich ( os ) ok , that 's it . we lose he . frank ( os ) want to send another chimp ? push in close on leo -- as he wait for the response . vasich ( os ) no , it 's too dangerous . ... shut it down . widen Leo slowly swing he chair into command position . his hand tremble slightly as he reach for the pod door lock . punch : ' lock ' it seal with a hiss . omit int. oberon - flight control - deck - later hansen react to something on flight control . check he instrument , then -- hansen ( astonished ) sir. Delta pod have launch . vasich rush into frame . int. delta pod - same time Leo lean back in he command chair as a view of the oberon sweep past the window behind he . Leo squeeze into he glove . take control of the flight board . ext. space -- delta pod ( move ) accelerate from the oberon . int. delta pod -- close on leo in space . vasich 's voice shed its monotone : full fury . vasich ( os ) ( over radio ) Delta pod , you be flight be not authorize . repeat , you flight be not authorize . leo never send a monkey to do a man 's job . vasich ( os ) I swear you will never fly again . leo but I be sure as hell fly now . intercut : flight deck - same time close on hansen -- look at the digital screen . hansen I be get a mayday , sir . ... Jesus , it 's on we secure channel .. vasich hurry over . frank Alpha pod ? hansen I ... I do not know . but , it 's come on strong . vasich put it up . tilt up to digital screen : out of the static figure emerge . in quick flash . jumpy , shadowed . hard to read . audio out of sync . we hear bit and piece . voice ( filter ) ... help we ... massive turbulence ... request instruction ... a loud wash of static and then silence . the crew be stunne . vasich lunge for the radio . vasich Delta pod ... abort mission . repeat . Delta pod ... return to ship ... chapter 5 : crash landing ext . space / int. delta pod - leo 's pov as he follow pericles ' course around the oberon . vasich 's voice melt into a rush of radio static . from the right -- sweeping across space a tsunami of light wash through . glitter particle . when it clear pericle ' pod appear again . leo oberon . I have get a visual on Alpha pod ... over . all he get back be another wash of static . he set course for alpha pod . another wave of light crest and fall . alpha pod disappear . Leo have no way to process what he 's just see . leo ( cont 'd ) ... oberon ? come back ... for the first time we hear a note of fear in he voice . Leo twist in he seat to look out the side window . leo' Pov -- rushing at camera another tidal wave of light -- so thick it seem viscous . Leo brace himself . it rock the pod as it sweep by . shake Leo viciously . int. delta pod - continuous then stop cold . leo' control monitor go black . all system shut down . Leo bang on the control . in full panic. ext. pod -- from space powerless . it begin to drift , then pitch and tumble with increase speed . int. pod Leo 's life support be down . he gasp for air . leo oberon ... come in oberon ... Leo flail at he helmet . it 's a horrifying moment . he 's almost unconscious . ext. pod -- from space / int. delta pod -- another light wave this one far bigger and brighter than before -- rush at the pod . pummel it violently . Leo 's control monitor explode into full color . every system jump back on . insert digital date clock : go haywire ; it spin forward in time , then back in time . then shatter . leo' Pov -- through window as the pod suddenly accelerate in a blur , pin Leo back into he seat . crush he into he chair . int. delta pod - continuous blackness sweep screen then give way to a blue halo of light close on leo as he open he eye ( the entire entry onto the planet be see from leo' Pov ) a wash of blue and purple -- then , the eerie , whistling rush that AIR make as it generate friction on metal . Leo look down to see flame lick the outside of the pod . the tile on he heat shield be white hot . smoke coat the cockpit with dark grease . Leo try to get he retros to fire -- but the heat have disabled the control panel . he grab a manual lever and fight to engage it . engage . int. delta pod -- leo 's pov the hazy outline of land formation come rushing up at leo . a huge expanse of dense GREEN fill the pod window . Leo fight to recover some steering . the shriek of the pod rise in pitch as it 's about to impact with the surface . Leo crash through forest canopy and explode into water . int . delta pod -- cockpit -- under water Leo try to fire open he entry door -- the hinge have melt . Water pour in around he . he fumble in the murky water for a red handle . his ejection seat control . widen -- ext. delta pod -- under water as Leo trip he ejection seat -- the cockpit door soundlessly explode -- send a rage of bubble at camera . across frame -- leo be still strapped into he seat as he's thrust into the water like a torpedo still underwater , Leo tear himself out of he flight suit and swim for the surface . ext. forest - bog -- surface Leo break free -- gulp air . swim for shore . Falls to he face -- reeling . chapter 6 : the hunted ext. forest - day dissolve through : close on leo as he eye open and he sense focus . he sit bolt upright . leo' Pov -- 360 degree pan nothing but intense jungle . Leo stand , wobbly on he foot . try to get he bearing . cut and bruise . Black grease from the fire streak across he face . no idea where he be . he get no time to think about it . SOUND cue : something be moving through the wood then Leo hear a frightening cry . Leo 's military training take over . Leo move quickly for cover . ext. forest -- leo 's pov ( move ) Racing through forest . nettles rip he arm . he break from a tangle of vine . stumble over root . the SOUND be right behind he . Leo wheel to fight . pick up a stone . angle - breaking clear a older human ( karubi ) , face decorate with intricate marking . he 's carry a sack of exotic fruit . Leo have no idea how to react -- he cock he arm with the stone . angle - behind karubi 's fierce young daughter ( daena ) appear -- daena Father ... they be come . she knock the stone from Leo 's hand . karubi push Leo aide . other human appear -- many with the same marking . they raid on the fruit tree have become a run for they life . some be badly wounded . all follow karubi . angle Leo be leave alone . look around . beat -- then the forest canopy shake furiously . Leo hear the eerie metallic tingle of bell . dark figure move with frightening speed towards he . like ghost . Leo be spook . he back up , race after the human . ext. forest - leo' Pov - up ahead the dark figure drop through the tree onto the human . cries and shout . quick shot : a human figure be suddenly propelled through the AIR -- disappear as it crash in the underbrush . branch snap . loud cry seem to come from everywhere . a young human be drag into the foliage . Leo keep move . the nightmarish noise build to a unbearable furor . a hundred yard ahead the foliage clear . give way to a sun drench horizon . and hill in the distance . karubi try to lead the other human that way . Leo put on a burst of speed . hear a growl . Leo look up . ext . forest match Pov -- whatever it be look down on Leo drop like a spirit through the tree . branch whiz by . leo grow in frame , until -- widen a ferocious gorilla land in front of leo. bare its canine . closer the gorilla wear armor across its massive chest and a strange helmet that glisten in the sun . this be attar -- the prodigious ape captain of the hunting party . leo Jesus . Leo grab a branch to defend himself . hold it like a spear . attar react almost with surprise . then fury . with a fierce growl attar snap the branch in two . heft Leo into the AIR and hurl he . Leo fly backwards . Hit the ground . stun . attar turn he attention to the other human . he signal a line of gorillas behind he . High -pitch horn ring out . ext . forest - continuous attar take out a bola with heavy stone affix to make it spin quickly . whip it over he head -- unleash it . the bola cut the air with a frightening shriek . it catch a human male and wrap tightly around he leg . two gorillas race forward and tie the capture human arms-over-head to long pole . new angle more gorillas charge in from the other side with lightning speed . dragging a long net affix with hundred of small bell ; the ape shake it rhythmically -- scare the human , drive they on . new angle other soldier dash across the tree branch with incredible speed and balance as if walk on air . they leap down on the terrify human . on leo he stagger to he foot -- start to run . look over he shoulder . as the net close in on Leo he 's able to fall into a small ditch and roll under it . ext . forest - follow leo he run the other way . cut in front of he be a stocky human ( gunnar ) try to flee with a little human girl ( 5 ) in he arm . rack focus -- behind gunnar -- two gorillas chase he down . one gorilla pluck the child from he arm . the other gorilla knock he forward . ape swarm over he . karubi and daena lead the human through a stand of small sapling . the ape sweep across rip the tree out of the ground by they root . closer on karubi -- breathe hard , afraid , listen closely . but attar attack like a force of nature , graceful with he power , unrestrained with he speed . the human in he way be overwhelm . only karubi and daena be leave at large from this group . new angle : a slight boy ( birn , 15 ) elude several ape . feral and wild , he be very agile . but he do not see a ape hanging onto a tree a limb . the ape snag birn with he feet . wrench he into the air . karubi circle back to try and rescue the Boy . two more ape drop down -- slam he to he knee . daena be bowl over . karubi cover she with he body as a net envelop they . ext . forest - leo kneel behind a tree stump to catch he breath . several ape drag human body away . Leo try to take this all in . a ape on horseback crash through the brush drag two human behind . Leo wait till the ape ride by --- then launch himself at the ape rider . grabbing onto the rein , swinging himself up and knocking the ape off he mount . Leo flip onto the horse . tries to ride through the attack . ext . forest / lava tree line - widen to new pov Leo be suddenly plucked off the horse by a ape dangle from a tree . he 's drop hard to the ground . pov Leo look up as attar stand over he . growl fiercely . chapter 7 : a world upside - down ext . lava - on the edge of the forest - round - up cart the clearing beyond the forest . out of a haze of dust we see a dozen ornate cart with cage be load with human . the cart be paint brightly with strange marking and symbol . attar be direct the load of the cart . the human be literally thrown inside . we see daena toss inside one cart . then gunnar , birn . and finally , karubi , who 's be beat severely . find leo in a group of a dozen other human . a ape bind Leo 's hand tightly . suddenly all the human bow there head , cower , turn they eye to the ground . leo' Pov : the SUN enshroud a dark silhouette moving toward the captive . attar come to attention -- with obvious pride at the success of the hunt . reveal a ape in a glittering gold uniform riding a massive black charger . this be thade , general of the ape army . Leo read the reaction : a sense of glory from the ape ; intense fear from the human . punch close on thade as he wheel he horse around and make eye contact with leo . Leo be the only human stare right at thade . thade 's reaction be lightning quick : in a blur he 's off he horse and in front of leo. grab Leo by the hair . in a fury . thade this one look at I . close on leo : he bewilderment take a new twist . the ape spoke english . attar he will not do it again . Leo react , grab attar by the wrist . leo ( amaze ) you talk ... attar take you stinking hand off I you damn , dirty human . attar swat Leo away -- Leo be knock unconscious . dissolve to : ext . lava - road to CITY of ape - close on leo as he blink awake . the cart be rolling on a road that wind into a hill top CITY in the distance . crane up as attar ride in front of the caravan -- lead it into the CITY of the ape . the cart be pull by young human male , each fix with blinder . leo 's pov : ext. city of the ape - day a collage of old and new . great stone building drape with bright tapestry , narrow street and wide public space , busy with commerce and fill with ape . several old ape at a stone table argue over a game of chance . several smoke from a hookah like object . a group of female ape haggle with a fruit vendor . one young ape play a long flute like instrument for he friend . ( this could be subtly evocative of the melody we hear on the oberon . ) a female ape pass by a drop a coin in he hat . a chimp carve caricature - like human doll out of wood . another ape juggle using hand -- and feet . and in the most menial task we can see human -- carry goods , pull vehicle , chain . in all sense -- animal . pan across most of the civilian ape ignore the cart . except for a group of young gorilla kide who be play a soccer like game ( in this game , however , they use they prehensile foot to manipulate the ball ) . several young ape rush up and throw a volley of stone at leo' cart . into frame -- a female chimp ( ari ) rush to stop they . ari stop it . you be be cruel . ... open you hand . when the kid hesitate , she slap they hand . the stone fall . Leo react -- arI ( cont 'd ) who tell you you could throw stone at human ? one gorilla kid my father . ari then you be both wrong . and you can tell he I say so . they run off . one gorilla kid turn and stick out he tongue . one gorilla kid human lover . ari scowl at he -- they scurry away . new angle as ari 's friend , another female chimp ( leeta ) come up . leeta do you always have to be so intense ? I think we be go shopping . but ari be stare as the cart pass she by . the human wretch behind bar . closer on ari -- she eye well with tear . leo make eye contact with ari for one second . ari hurry after the cart . leeta ( cont 'd ) ari. ... you be go to get in trouble again . ext . CITY of the ape - continuous - stay on the cart the other human all keep they head down . Silent . Leo look at one human male , clearly dead . no one react to the body . Leo catch the young boy , birn , stare boldly at he . through the layer of dirt Leo can sense he intelligence . widen the cart suddenly veer to the side of the road . a procession of ape in what look like monk' robe , face wrap in scarve , shuffle by in single file chant . attar move towards the monk . they stop and give attar they bless . he bow he head , close he eye . we can sense he deep spirituality . Leo crawl over to one human male face in he hand . leo ( whisper ) where be I ? he move away from Leo . Leo try a frighten human female. leo ( cont 'd ) ... what be this place ? closer : the female look quickly at Leo , eye impossibly wide , too scared to speak . then turn she face away . into frame : karubi , pull leo back . whisper urgently . karubi head down . mouth shut . you will get we all kill . karubi look around to make sure no ape have hear they . daena glance at Leo . Leo decide he would better bide he time . he kneel down with the other . attar shout and the cart move on . widen : as the cart turn under a great stone arch . close on a hooded figure happily slapping a small sap in he palm as he wait in the center of a wall quadrangle . limbo ( orangutan ) throw back he hood as -- chapter 8 : the slave trader ext . ape city - limbo 's quadrangle the human cart come to a stop . limbo stride forward . look over the human . turn to a ape soldier . limbo be you try to put I out of business ? this be the skankiest , scabbiest , scuzziest human I have ever see . ape soldier you do not want they ? limbo I will take the whole lot . I will have to make it up on volume . limbo pay the soldier ; turn to he handlers . limbo ( cont 'd ) get them out , get them clean ! leo peek up as the cart be overwhelm by large gorilla handlers wear germ prevention mask . it happen quickly : cage throw open . human drag out . Men and woman separate . cries and shout . the human keep head down . karubi have to be pull away from daena . karubi ( quickly ) do not be afraid . daena I will find you ... limbo appear in frame suddenly . limbo very touch . really . I can not see for the tear in my eye . he drag daena by the hair into female pen . karubi struggle to reach he daughter . one handler almost break he arm hurl he into the cage . karubi shout , collapse in pain . Children be pull from they mother . put in separate pen . leo be throw in the male pen with gunnar . amaze at what 's happen around he . birn bite the hand of one handler . limbo appear -- grab birn , shake he hard , and toss he in . Leo help the boy to he foot . limbo ( cont 'd ) how many time do I have to tell you ? wear you glove when you handle human . thade ( os ) be you soften , limbo ? limbo spin to see thade -- mount , follow by attar . limbo turn from tyrant to toady in a second . thade ( cont 'd ) you use to hack off a limb . limbo yes , General ... but unfortunately he 's worth more intact . attar go to the cage and spot leo. attar do not turn you back on this one . he 's feisty . karubi watch Leo closely . limbo talk quickly try to suck up to thade . limbo this the one raid the orchard , sir ? I know a old country remedy that never fail . gut one and string the carcass up ... thade the human rights faction be already nip at my heel . limbo do-gooder . who need they ? I be all for free speech ... as long as they keep they mouth shut . thade stop by a pen with the human child . wide - eyed , terrify . thade look they over . thade I promise my niece a pet for she birthday . limbo excellent . the little one make wonderful pet ... but make sure you get rid of it by puberty . if there 's one thing you do not want in you house it 's a human teenager . on leo : he watch a young ape and her ape mother walk over to the pen . limbo quickly point out a few little girls. limbo ( cont 'd ) anyone you want , sweetheart . like a kid in a pet store , the little ape look over the child . point at the 5 year old girl we see earlier . limbo ( cont 'd ) excellent choice . attar grab the petrify little human girl and pet she head like a puppy -- set she in the little ape 's arm . her ape mother put a leash on the human girl 's neck as they leave . in the female pen -- the Little girl 's human mother stare at the ground blankly . her eye dead . daena watch they take the Little girl . we feel she rage . thade turn he horse to the gate . limbo can not resist one last fawn word . limbo ( cont 'd ) they say if you piss along the fence line it keep they away from the crop . thade ( stop he with a growl ) Close enough . you stink of human . he gallop off . limbo frown , lift he arm and sniff . ext . limbo' quadrangle - another angle as thade and attar ride off we see ari hide behind the gate . leeta be very nervous . leeta no way I be go in there . it 's disgusting . ari be not pay attention to she . she move closer to the entrance . ari what 's disgusting be the way we treat human . it demean we as well as they . leeta grab she hand . leeta ari ... we should go home . ari ( snap ) then go home . chapter 9 : a new owner return to ext . limbo 's quadrangle Leo move round the pen watch -- not sure what 's next . limbo get them mark . I have get order to fill . two handlers heft branding irons from a large stone FIRE pit . leo' Pov : they use pole with wire loop at the end to grab daena by the neck . drag she to a wooden post . then the ape uncover she shoulder . karubi be enraged -- shake he cage . karubi no . limbo make a funny face -- pretend he 's scared . teasing karubi . the other ape all laugh . close on daena : as the brand be press deep into she flesh . ( the brand be faintly evocative of the icon from the oberon . ) but daena do not scream . her eye burn with defiance . she 's throw back . two ape come for leo . he dig he heel in but they easily drag he to the post . one handler quickly jab the white hot iron . Leo twist himself and kick it out of the ape' hand . limbo be furious . limbo do I have to do everything myself ? he reach out to pick up the branding iron . ext . limbo' quadrangle - continuous - widen ari come explode into the quadrangle . she move so quickly limbo can not react at first . open a cage , knock over a table , and finally grab the branding iron and hurl it aside . limbo oh , no , by semo , not you again . ari I can not stand idly by while human be be mistreate , torture ... Leo watch ari. karubi and the other rush to the bar . ari dash past limbo to the female pens . turn the lock and throws OPEN the gate . before the woman can escape a ape handler appear -- the woman retreat back in the cage . limbo grab ari . she twist away . limbo the only reason I put up with you nonsense be because of you father . ari if you want I to stop , give up you bloody business . on leo : watch ari carefully . limbo hey , I do the job nobody else want . I do not see any of you bleed heart spend all day with this dangerous , dirty , dumb beast ... ari they be not dumb . they can be teach to live with we ... and I be go to prove it . leo reach out for a chain snake in the dirt -- suddenly whip it around the foot of he handler . yank he off balance . his spear fly from he hand . Leo grab it . point it right at ari 's neck . limbo there 's you ' proof ' . now I will have to put he down . karubi and daena watch intently . widen Leo wrap a arm , around ari ; try to maneuver she to the gate . the handlers surround they . offer a low growl . Leo look over at the gate . he know he will not make it . closer : leo lock eye with ari . ari be throw by the intimacy of this act . no human have ever dare look she in the eye this way . leo leans inside the ' space ' between human and ape . he speak intensely . leo please ... help I . ari be startle , freeze . angle daena realize the handlers have be distract by Leo . the door to the female pen be still open . she suddenly break out and run for the gate . limbo knock she down hard . turn furiously to ari. limbo look what you have start . now I be get a headache . Leo start to back up , press the spear to she neck . leo get back . limbo raise he hand , as if he 's scared . limbo oh , please , please do not hurt she . Leo keep he eye on limbo 's hand -- and do not see limbo use he foot to reach up and grab the spear . in one second he wallop Leo . stands over he . limbo ( cont 'd ) who need this aggravation . hold he . limbo heft the spear . ari make she choice -- arI sell he to I . limbo be you crazy ? he 's wild ... ( be : daena ) ... they be both wild . arI then I will buy they both . limbo freeze -- a look come over he face . nothing get he attention like money . Leo and daena exchange a look . limbo that would be expensive ... very expensive . ari I be sure we could come to a deal . limbo scratch he head . he can not resist . arI ( cont 'd ) deliver they to my house . limbo I will have to mark he first . in one quick thrust limbo brand Leo . chapter 10 : the dinner party wide shot : ext . CITY of the ape - night the evening darken as the moons rise above the city . ext. ari 's house - night High - wall garden strung with red lantern . tapestry billow in the night breeze . we hear loud voice . ari' voice Father , please , I will pay with my own money . int. ari be kitchen - night ari chase she Father ( sandar , chimpanzee , hair streak with gray ) into the kitchen . sandar you ' own money ' be go to make a pauper of I . ... where be they ? krull ( a large , elder silverbacked gorilla ) point . on the other side of the room Leo and daena kneel on the floor with two other human ( tival and bon ) . sandar groan when he see they . tival and bon rise immediately . this ' house human ' be well - groom , wear nice robe . krull ( to Leo and daena ) rise when you master enter . daena scowl -- do not move . krull yank she up . Leo stand and face the old chimp . sandar semo , help I , wild human in my house . ari ( be : Leo ) this one seem different . sandar ( dismissive ) how different could he be ? you can not tell one from the other . Leo look up at ari , meet she eye again . look right at she . she be flustered , turn away . o.s. they hear the sound of voice . sandar be flustered . sandar ( cont 'd ) my guest be here . keep the savage one out of sight ... especially from General thade . ari react -- arI Father ... sandar and you would better be nice to he . sandar run out . ari look at Leo -- run after she father . ext . ari' dine patio - night a long table and garland of fruit and flower . a party of ape engage in small talk . at the front door sandar exchange ape touch with senator nado ( a elderly orangutan ) and he wife nova ( a young chimp ) . sandar good evening Senator nado , you look lovely tonight . nova I be have a bad hair day . she sigh and stroke the fur on she face . nado ( roll he eye ) yet she spend a fortune groom herself . nova and I be worth every penny . she stroke she old husband quickly and run ahead of he inside . find ari with leeta : in elegant embroider robe . leeta thade be powerful and aggressive ... what else could you want in a male ? arI someone I can respect ... and who respects I . leeta do not play so hard to get . say ' yes ' to he and you will be invite to every exclusive party in the city . ari how many silly party can you go to ? leeta how many be there ? krull appear ringing a small bell . sandar sweep through . sand ar please , everyone , sit . int. ari be kitchen - same time at the sound of the bell tival and bon carry wooden trays of food upstairs . as soon as they leave Leo jump up , test a window with wooden shutter . wo not budge . Leo turn to daena . leo how the hell do this monkey get this way ? daena just stare -- daena what other way would they be ? leo they would be begging I for a treat . daena ( confuse , look at he ) what tribe do you come from ? leo it 's call the United States Air Force . and I be go back to it . krull suddenly appear . krull finish you work ... no talk . krull grab another tray of food and leave . Leo wait , then pick up a tray -- peek up the stair . ext . ari' dine patio the ape be seat at a long table . sandar at the head . ari across from leeta . the chair next to ari be still OPEN . nado we just return from we country house in the rain forest . krull offer food to each guest . sandar and how be it ? nova bor- . nado I find it relax ... be away from the frantic pace of the city . nova I want to go out . but there be no place to go ... nothing but tree and rock . all you do be nap . nado exactly . a bit of time away from politics be what be need for a weary soul like I . on leeta and ari whisper . ari look at the old fool ... he leave he wife and child for she ... a chimp half he age . now he can not keep up . leeta but he 's worth a fortune . back to nado he reach for sandar . give he a gentle touch . nado we use to lose ourselves for day in the forest when we be young . now I can barely climb a tree . sandar it 's trite but true . youth be waste on the young . now that I have so much to do ... I be exhaust . ... still , some night I dream of hurtle through the branch ... ( sigh ) how do I get so old so fast ? thade ( o.s. ) live with you daughter would age any ape quickly . they all turn as thade enter the party with attar . ari Quick . switch seat . leeta no , he 's here to see you . thade wait for krull to pull out the chair . krull doesn't move . attar hurrie to hold the chair for thade . we can sense enormous hostility between thade and krull . thade sit next to ari . sandar shoot ari a look which say ' please do not be rude . ' sandar you be too long a stranger in we house . thade my apology , Senator . I stop to see my father . sandar how be my old friend do ? thade I be afraid he 's slip . I wish I could spend more time with he ... but this be troubled time . human infest the province ... ari because we city encroach on they habitat . thade they breed quickly while we grow soft with we affluence . even now they outnumber we ten to one . nova why can not the government simply sterilize they all ? nado the cost would be prohibitive . ... although we scientist do tell I the human carry terrible disease . ari how would we know ? the army burn the body before they can be examine . ... ari turn to sandar for support . ari ( cont 'd ) Father . sandar at time , perhaps , the senate feel the army have be a tad ... extreme ... thade extremism in defense of ape be no vice . Senator nado be about to bite into a piece of fruit . attar growl -- they all freeze . attar close he eye and pray . attar we give thanks to you , semo , for the fruit of the land . bless we , Holy Father , who create all ape in he image . hasten the Day when you will return ... and bring peace to you child . amen . all the guest quickly say ' amen . ' attar look over at krull , uncomfortable under the glare of the old silverback . int . at the top of the stair Leo be look for a way out when a ape soldier see he and push he into the -- ext . ari' dine patio thade notice leo enter the room . Leo have no choice but to pretend to serve . he try hide he face from thade . thade see leo serve from the tray . thade what be this beast do in you house ? ari exchange a look with she father . ari he will be train as a domestic . thade you idea threaten we prosperity . the human problem will not be solve by throw money at it . the government try once and all we get be a welfare state that nearly bankrupt we . attar and change the face of the city . leeta I think the city have about as much diversity as I can handle . ari glare at leeta . she hold up she embroidered scarf . ari this garment be make by one of my human . ari smile at bon , who avert she eye nervously . arI ( cont 'd ) can you deny the skill ? be not it obvious they be capable of a real culture ? thade everything in ' human culture ' take place below the waist . the guest all laugh . nado next you will be tell we that this beast have a soul . arI of course , they do . attar the senator 's daughter flirt with blasphemy . thade and attar exchange a look . thade grab Leo powerfully . knock the tray and its food to the floor . thade tell I . be there a soul inside you ? close on leo -- on the floor . he sweep up the food . even closer : on a SMALL prong the ape use as a fork . Leo slip it into he shirt . thade push Leo away . hold he hand up with disgust . thade ( cont 'd ) Quick , a towel . ... the guest all laugh at Leo . ari 's have enough . she stand . ari you be all cruel and petty ... and I have lose my appetite . a quiet embarrassment in the room as ari storm away from the table . sandar seem embarrassed -- he gesture to thade : ' go after she . ' chapter 12 : the thing from the sky ext. forest - bog - night the wood be moon bright . thade ride behind the two ape soldier . just skirt the bog . first ape soldier here ! this be where I see it . thade dismount . thade go on . second ape soldier something fall from the sky . first ape soldier with wing of fire . second ape soldier there be a terrible thunder and the ground itself shook ! I think we would all be kill . the ape look at each other nervously . thade be you sure you do not dream this ? first ape soldier it be no dream , sir . look ! on thade : as they come upon the charree and broken tree like skeleton in the moonlight . thade who else do you tell ? first ape soldier no one , sir . we know we have to come right to you . close on thade : as he set he hand on they shoulder . thade you do exactly the right thing . chapter 13 : escape close on a bowl of flower bright , fragrant blossom . a furry hand come into frame and crush they with a stone pestle . widen and reveal : int. limbo 's house - night limbo stand in front of a large mirror . look himself over . sniff . sigh . then start to rub the crush flower across he armpit and chest . ext. limbo 's quadrangle - human pen - night karubi rest with gunnar . the young feral boy , birn , look out through the slat . Pov -- he 's focus on a tiny slice of the night sky . as if it be a lifeline . birn suddenly jump up . he hear something move above he . punch close on birn his eye alive , sense alert . now karubi hear it . gesture for they to be quiet . ext. human pen - same time two of limbo 's gorillas walk past the pen . one gorilla stop , look up at the roof line , sniff , cock he head . first gorilla you smell that ? second gorilla do not start now . we be off duty . and I be starvin ' . they leave . pan up to the roof line . a shadow move . int. human pen - through the slat a sound -- then a shadow ripple past . karubi recoil against the back wall . look for something to use as a weapon . tear away a wooden plank . prepare for a attack . into frame daena appear . reaches out she hand . karubi take it . kiss it . the gate suddenly rattles . closer -- a rope snake through . karubi hurry over and push the other end back outside . on leo - outside the pen Leo use a stake to twist a strand of rope tighter until the slat snap . they all freeze at the SOUND . listen . no one have hear it . daena and tival pull back the gate . birn be out first . then gunnar . karubi come out slowly daena see he injure arm . daena you be hurt . karubi fold she into a warm embrace . karubi how do you get away ? daena turn to leo. karubi give Leo a long look over . karubi ( cont 'd ) who be you ? leo just somebody try to get the hell out of here . gunnar poke at tival . gunnar this be one of they house human . he think he 's better than we . ... ( step closer to taunt he ) he think he 's part ape . leo ( to daena ) you promise to show I the way back . daena look to karubi . karubi we will go together . ext . limbo 's quadrangle - on the roof - night Leo step onto the rooftop . follow by karubi , daena and the other . they move quickly . silhouettes against the moon bright sky . they know what will happen if they be catch . ext . rooftop - angle - on the roof four teenage ape pass around a jug , all a little tipsy . one teenage ape shhh , I hear something . second teenage ape I think it 's my mom . hide it ! one teenager run to stash the jug . come face to face with leo . he lunge for Leo but fall , too dizzy from the drink . Leo kick OPEN the attic door . the other race after he . the teenage ape roar loud enough for the alarm to carry . int . build - widen as they rush into the build . they fly down stair . Leo veer off through another door . moving quickly they pass through : int. bedroom ( continuous ) nado be in bed . nova come out of the bathroom in a sexy short robe . slink into bed . nova honey ? I be feel frisky ... snore ... nado be fast asleep . she growl and snuggle up to he just as leo and the other explode into the room . nova let out a howl . she jump to the ceiling . a moment later nado do the same . Leo veer for another door -- int . ape apartment ( continuous ) a old ape remove he wig revealing a bald head -- set the wig on a ape bust . then he take out false teeth , sigh , put they in a glass as -- leo explode through the door . Leo overturn the bust , but never stop move . out the window , over a balcony . through another window -- int . bedroom ( continuous ) thade's niece ( the little ape we see earlier ) be put she ' pet ' to bed in a small cage . her eye fill with tear . Leo and karubi burst into the bedroom . daena see the little girl -- run across the room and grab she . push in ecu as the little ape open her mouth revealing tiny canine and start to howl . int . limbo' house - same time limbo pick off piece of flower petal stick all over he fur . he hear the roar outside . react . ext. street - night attar lead he soldier through the city . wait till they pass , then '' chapter 14 : a ape ally tilt up to roof Leo hang from a eave -- then drop down into the street . daena hand he the Little girl . she drop next . then gunnar , birn , tival . karubi can only use one arm -- he fall from the eave . Hit hard . daena run to he . karubi leave I ... daena no ... karubi I be tired ... and just too old . and old man get scared . leo you might be old and tired ... but you be do be scared . Leo help karubi to he foot . daena support he . gunnar ape . ext . street - continuous stepping out of the shadow : two ape Leo pull he knife . prepare for the attack . it 's ari . in a flash krull disarm leo . ari be upset . ari you be lucky I find you before they do . come back with I to the house . I can reason with they . karubi I know how ape ' reason . ' bon , ari 's servant , stand meekly behind she . she look quickly at tival then bow she head . leo be there another way out of the city ? ari react . Leo can see it in she eye right away -- she know something . krull try to stop she . krull do not get involved with this human . Leo step closer to ari -- it unnerve she . he speak quickly , forcefully . leo why do you save I ? why would you take the chance ? ari be flustered , then -- ari I ... do not know . you be very unusual . leo like you can not even imagine . come with I ... and I will show you something that will turn you whole world upside down . daena ( sharply to Leo ) so this ape will understand you but I can not ? close on ari -- she mind racing . they can hear the howl of ape patrol echo across the city . finally , ari make she decision . ari when I be little I find a way to sneak outside the city wall . where no one could find I . I can lead you there . krull if you be catch even you father will not be able to protect you . ari you know what the soldier will do to they . krull you Father do not order it . ari he do not forbid it , either . the old gorilla can not refuse she . he look they over . krull this human child can not survive the journey . ari my servant woman will hide she in my house . gunnar glare at bon as she step forward . ari reach for the little human girl . daena step back . daena can not bring herself to let go . karubi surprise they all by take the Little girl from daena . karubi hand she to ari . bon move off quickly , disappear into the shadow . ari look at Leo , then run off . the other follow quickly . omit omit omit omit omit ext . STREET - same time ari run through the shadow with Leo lead the other . down the long , narrow street . stay on karubi -- in great pain . watch carefully . the city seem alive . he know the what the sound signify : the ape be hunt they again . widen they turn a corner . karubi be Pov : at the far end of the STREET several dark shape appear . krull quickly pull ari into the shadow . punch in close - attar too late . he see ari with the human . attar let out a terrible roar . krull they have see we . close on karubi : he touch daena gently . karubi hurry . when she realize what he 's do -- daena no , father ... karubi do not worry . I will be right beside you . just like always . karubi dash out of the shadow . daena Father . ext. in the street - following karubi karubi charge forward straight at attar . on attar he flash he canine at karubi . closer - karubi run through he pain . he grab a heavy wooden tool leave by a doorway and wield it like a spear . with a warrior 's cry karubi attack attar . attar merely put out he arm to deflect the blow . with dazzle power he hurl karubi to the ground . karubi lay stunne for a second . he push himself to he knee . look up to see attar stand over he . ape Soldiers encircle he . attar why do you not tremble before I ? to attar 's dismay a smile play across karubi 's face as he recall Leo 's word . karubi I be do be scared . close on attar -- surprised at the heroism of this human . the nobility in karubi 's eye freeze he . he can not quite bring himself to kill he . new angle -- the clatter of hoofbeat on stone . thade charge into frame on he horse . sword raise . tilt up to a shadow on the wall -- as thade 's sword pierce karubi . ( or : thade leap from he horse to kill karubi with he hand . ) ext . move through the shadow - same time Leo , ari , krull , daena and the other hear the heart-rend last cry of karubi . daena try to break away to go to he . but krull stand in she way like a stone wall . daena struggle ineffectively against he strength . krull hand she to leo. ext . street follow thade charge back down the street with attar and the soldier . thade where be the other human ? attar this way ... they can not have go far . at the end of the street the soldier fan out . but there be no sign of the human . attar sniff the air , look around , surprised . attar ( cont 'd ) they have disappear . thade Ring the city . block every gate . ... when you find they , kill they all . but keep the troublemaker alive . I must talk to he before he die . attar hesitates ; this be very hard for he to say . attar Sir ... the Senator 's daughter be with they . thade react -- thade they take she ? attar she be help they . I see she myself . thade be throw by the news -- but he recover quickly and put a ' spin ' on ari 's involvement . thade she have no choice . she be terrify . they threaten she life . I will report the matter to the senate myself . ( then ) they will beat they chest and ask for my help . attar they be weak without you , sir . thade have she take the old silverback with she ? attar be unhappy about the answer he must give . attar yes , sir . thade I trust that will not be a problem for you . thade stare intensely at attar. attar no , sir , as of now he be a criminal . but attar be troubled . chapter 15 : no turning back wide shot : ext . lava - night a old stone cistern and spring house . the heavy wooden door shake . can not be move . suddenly it shatter . krull power through -- he old body still prodigiously strong compare to human . the human stop to catch they breath . last , ari step out . she see daena , face streak with tear , staggered by she father 's death . ari ( gently ) you father be a brave man . daena focus she rage on ari. daena you know nothing about my father . daena fly at ari . with stun speed ari flash she canine and slap daena to the ground . in a moment human separate from ape . krull roar and shield ari -- who 's already regret what she 's do . Leo help daena to she foot . daena ( cont 'd ) let ... I ... go . she break free of Leo and run off powerfully into the forest . ari look back at the city -- and the life she have put in jeopardy . krull move quickly ... thade will be after we . krull turn to close up the tunnel door by move a massive rock in its place . ari and Leo run off . stay with leo and ari leo he 's no servant . arI krull be a general ... till he oppose thade . thade ruin he career . ... my father take he in . leo I be glad he 's on we side . widen : ext. forest - night impossibly lush . moving across frame : dark shape in a blur . reveal : daena lead the way -- run like a deer through the thick foliage . leo racing after she . Leo hear something right behind he : birn continue to be he shadow . birn smile at Leo . Leo do not want to deal with he . widen ari streak past they all easily . she look back to make sure Leo can see she . Leo and the other human stop to catch they breath . ari lope back hardly wind . tival immediately offer she fruit and water . daena and gunnar watch . gunnar look how they pamper she . ari hear they , push the food away . ari I be fine . daena ape be always fine ... as long as you have human to serve you . Leo look back to see if they be be follow . leo keep move . they start off again . krull stop leo. krull if this be some human trick , I will kill you . ext . back to the stone cistern at the end of the hide tunnel . a shadow move . we can just make out two yellow eye . someone be following they . dissolve through : ext . forest - dawn two sun take they place as the first violet streak of dawn appear . ext . bog - dawn the stipple pale light be reflect in deep still water . closer -- in the water leo' reflection appear . tilt up and find leo -- racing along the bank . he 's wound up -- with the adrenaline of hope . into frame : the other try to keep up with leo -- then they stop , astonished at the sight . chapter 16 : back to the pod Pov -- burnt treetop MARK a charree trajectory from the sky into the forest where leo crash land . it 's unmistakable that something powerful go into the water . leo this be where I fly in ... ari and krull be not sure what to make of all this . the other be confuse and unsettle by this startling image . ari you cause this ? leo my retro-burners ... birn 's eye be wide . Leo 's excitement infect he . gunnar push forward to daena . he will not admit it -- he 's spook . gunnar the soldier will be hunt we . we can still make it to the mountain . daena touch a scar tree . daena I do not understand . you fall from the sky ? leo with my ass on fire . krull give ari a very skeptical look . ari I be sure he will explain everything . kruLL how can you explain what can not exist ? leo I will tell you what ' can not exist . ' you. talk monkey . this whole place . Leo trace a streak of black soot lead deeper into the bog . krull stop ari from follow . leo ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? ari ape can not swim . we will drow in deep water . daena glare at ari. daena that 's why we pray for rain every day . but ari follow Leo anyway . Leo spot a oil slick . leo there 's where I go in . before they can react -- Leo dive into the bog and disappear beneath the water . on the bank : the other wait . no idea what to think . birn stand on the edge . the silence unsettle they . no sign of Leo . finally , ari look at daena -- ari how long can a human hold he breath beneath the water ? birn look at deana -- be Leo in trouble ? daena dive in . ari be take back by she power and grace in the water . ext . underwater - follow daena she swim powerfully . pull apart a curtain of weed . revealing : the pod . daena be amaze . she run she hand along the surface . push extreme close : the emblem of the oberon on the pod . the letter ' usaf ' . into frame -- leo swim out of the pod carry a metallic BOX . they turn to swim back . filling frame -- the two body of the soldier ape that thade have murdered . daena react -- Leo pull she away . ext. bog Leo and daena swim quickly back to shore . look at krull. leo you guy do not go near water ? Leo set the emergency BOX ( with a oberon logo ) on the ground . leo ( cont 'd ) how come there 's two monkey down there ? they all react -- krull someone else know about you . closer : leo urgently unpack the BOX remove a laptop - size device . while Leo work to set it up birn rummages through the BOX . out come : compass , flare , mre' ( field ration ) , thermal blanket , cord , medical kit . birn pass around the supplies ; the other examine they , not sure what they be for . gunnar tear open the field ration . the content spill to the ground . Leo 's box suddenly squawks to life . the human jump back . ari what be it ? leo it 's call a ' Messenger ' ... it keep a open frequency with my ship so I can talk to they . ari it can ' talk ' ? leo with radio wave . ( off they confuse look ) invisible energy that float all around we . krull this be sorcery . leo not sorcery , science . ... I just have to monkey with it a little . ari and krull react . a loud piercing tone startles they all . ari and krull cover they ear . Leo be electrify . leo ( cont 'd ) contact . birn creep forward to peek at the machine . on the ' messenger ' screen : a digital sweep show Leo 's position and the position of the respond beacon . Leo 's face light up brightly . leo ( cont 'd ) Jesus . they be already here . close on ari -- amaze . daena you would better warn they about the ape . leo better warn the ape about they . we be in control now . we be the 800 - pound gorilla . ari it 's time you tell we the truth . ... who be you ? chapter 17 : limbo intervene push in close on leo as he turn to they -- leo I be Captain Leo davidson , of the United States oberon . I come from a galaxy call the milky Way . a planet in we star system call ' Earth ' . birn be it far ? leo past any star you can see at night . a impossible concept . close on ari : she look reveal how much Leo have take hold of she imagination . tival you ape permit you to fly ? leo we ape live in zoo 's ... they do what we tell they . ... Leo quickly close up the messenger. leo ( cont 'd ) I would call this hostile territory . so I have get exactly 36 hour to rendezvous with they . ... and then my ass be out of this nightmare . gunnar what happen to we ? where do we go ? omit omit ext . bog - continuous - angle - dropping out of the tree limbo slam down on gunnar and hold he tight . limbo you be go nowhere . this one still belong to I . gunnar struggle but limbo slap he once -- and stun he . limbo shackle he leg . ari this be a outrage ... stop . limbo ( growl at she ) you I have have enough of . widen birn break for the forest . he 's pull off the ground . tilt up : two of limbo' handlers explode from bush . close on leo he quietly reach into the emergency BOX . take out a sidearm and set he finger on the trigger make a rapid adjustment to the handle . birn fight fiercely as limbo try to shackle he . limbo ( cont 'd ) hold still . I be not go to hurt you . I would not hurt my own property ... birn punch he sharply in the face . limbo growl and backhand he hard . limbo ( cont 'd ) for you I will make a exception . he 's about to hit birn again -- pan slightly right -- as the tree branch next to limbo suddenly explode . Wood splinter . the SOUND echoe through the forest . it 's never be hear before by any of they . birn stare wide - eye at leo. leo ( be :gun ) you see what it do to the tree . limbo 's man be as loyal as he be honest ; they disappear into the tree . limbo freeze . give a meek smile . quickly help birn to he foot . limbo no harm do . ( to birn ) you be not hurt . you be young ... ( smile at Leo ) ... this kid bounce right back . leo ( as if commanding a dog ) play dead . limbo fall to he knee , put he hand up . daena kill he ! gunnar kick limbo . gunnar slave trader . but ari step in the way . arI if you kill he you will only lower yourself to he level . limbo exactly . she 's extremely smart . you know I have hear she talk ... about ape and human ... ( fumble ) Separate but equal , to each he own ... something like that , right ? whatever it be , I agree with it completely . limbo approach Leo with he hand up ( the way we see he disarm Leo in the quadrangle . ) limbo ( cont 'd ) can not we all just get along ? leo fire at the ground just before limbo make a move to grab the gun with he foot . leo find a new trick . ( be : gunnar 's shackle ) take they off ... limbo frees gunnar from the heavy shackle . limbo well , I be probably just in the way now . so I will get go ... he try to back away . daena he will lead they to we . leo then we will make he we guest . Leo throw the shackle to birn . birn lock limbo 's wrist . limbo ow ! this thing hurt . into frame from above leo -- krull flip down and grab the gun from leo. jump to the ground . leo what the hell be you do ? krull you can turn this on I . I can not allow it . before Leo can stop krull he use he massive strength to smash the gun against a rock . ari scold leo. ari who would invent such a horrible device ? leo ( scream ) that ' device ' be go to keep I alive . ari we be better off without it . daena there 's no ' we ' here . arI must you be so difficult ? daena why do not I act more like a slave ? arI that 's not what I mean . as they argue -- leo shut up . ... that go for all species . ari and daena separate , then -- daena you can not trust they . leo know who I trust ? myself . Leo pick up the Messenger and hurry off . chapter 18 : martial law omit new angle - ape soldier move through the CITY find thade -- walk with sandar , ari 's Father . sandar if I ever think that that human be capable of kidnap my daughter ... sandar 's voice break . thade do not blame yourself , Senator . you family above all try to be compassionate to the human ... and look how they repaid you . sandar seem suddenly frail and weak . sandar can you find my daughter ? thade if you untie my hand . sandar be catch off guard . sandar what do you want ? thade stop -- turn to he boldly . thade declare martial Law . give I the absolute power to rid we planet of human once and for all . when sandar hesitates -- thade ( cont 'd ) now be not the time to be timid and indecisive ... ( step closer ) ... I be the only one who can bring you daughter back to you ... alive . sandar look at he -- nod , then leave quickly . angle attar come up to thade . attar they be not within the city wall . thade we underestimate this human . thade consider , then -- thade ( cont 'd ) I will hunt he down myself . he mount he horse . angle a old ape servant in dark robe ride up . old ape you father have send I to find you . you must come quickly . thade be shake by the news . he give order to attar . thade alert we outpost . make sure the human do not pass . attar I understand , sir . thade look at attar . thade except for my father , you be the one I depend on most . we be not just soldier ... we be friend . I be depend on you . omit chapter 19 : a fatherus secret int . thade 's father 's house - night a pitch dark room . window shroud . a single candle burn by a wooden bed . silence break only by the rasp of heavy breathe . closer : in the bed a extremely frail , old ape , fur completely gray . so insubstantial he seem to have no corporeality . into the light : thade startle by the pitiful shell of he father . we read great pain in thade 's face . he reach out and touch the old ape. thade Father ... the old ape open he eye -- cataract distort they color . he smile when he recognize he son . father I do not have much time . ... tell I about this human who trouble you . thade he will be capture soon ... and little trouble . father you be not tell I everything . ... you believe he 's not bear of this world . close on thade : he react -- surprised . father ( cont 'd ) have he come alone ? thade yes . father more will come look for he . thade how can you possibly know ? father I have something to tell you before I die . something my father tell I ... and he father tell he ... back across we bloodline to semo . push in close as thade lean he ear to he father 's lip . father ( cont 'd ) in the time before time ... we be the slave and the human be we master . thade impossible . thade 's Father hold out he skeletal hand and point across the room . on a table sit a seal urn . father break it . thade hurry across the room . smash the urn to the floor . insert : on the floor in the clay piece thade find what look like a ancient metal artifact . a gun . thade hold it up , confuse . father ( cont 'd ) what you hold in you hand be proof of they power . they power of invention . they power of technology . against which we strength mean nothing . thade look at the gun , hold it , study it . father ( cont 'd ) it have the force of a thousand spear . greatly agitate , thade 's Father grimace in pain ; he fight to stay lucid . father ( cont 'd ) I warn you ... they ingenuity go hand - in-hand with they cruelty . no creature be as devious or violent ... find this human quickly ... do not let he reach calima . thade the ancient ruin ? there 's nothing there but some old cave painting . father calima hold the secret of we true beginning . the old man 's groan in great pain . thade I will stop he , Father . father this human have already infect the other with he idea . ( with he last breath ) damn they all to Hell ... his hand drop away . his eye roll back . thade 's eye well with tear . he close he Father 's eye -- and blow out the candle . omit chapter 20 : the way to kalima ext . mountain slope - day Rough and steep . Leo and the other human struggle towards the top . ext. mountain slope - continuous Leo stop to catch he breath . tival and krull immediately tend to ari again . this time ari bound right to leo and hand he the water . Leo react -- unsettle by she intimate manner with he . Leo take a sip . returns it to she . new angle : daena be watch they . ari hold out the canteen to she . daena brushes it aside . move on. widen ( moving ) - as leo and ari walk ari be excited , full of energy . arI I have so many question I want to ask . leo get in line . ari what be this ' zoo 's ' you speak of ? ... this word be unfamiliar . leo Zoo 's be where you will find we last few ape . ari and krull react . krull what happen to the rest of they ? leo go . after we cut down they forest . the one that survive we lock in cage for we amusement ... or use in scientific experiment . ari ( shocked and angry ) how horrible . leo we do worse to we own kind . ari I do not understand ... you seem to possess such great intelligence . leo yeah , we be pretty smart ... and the smarter we get the more dangerous we world become . ari look at Leo . no matter what he say she will find a way to use it as a connection . arI you be sensitive , I know it . it be a uncommon quality in a male . krull why do not you ape object to the way you treat they ? leo we ape can not talk . ari maybe they choose not to , give the way you treat they . limbo snort -- he do not believe a word . limbo ape in cage . right . daena sound like paradise to I . ext . mountain slope - continuous widen birn be watch Leo . Leo smile at he . birn be embarrassed -- scoot ahead . the hill become very steep now . birn look for something to grab onto . close on birn' hand -- he latch onto a ape foot . pan up to see a monstrous ape -- arm spread wide -- canine exposed . birn scream and tumble backwards . follow birn carome down the hill . into frame -- someone catch he . birn look up to see leo. leo they be not real . reveal : ape effigies . exaggerated in size , set in fearsome pose , hang from high pole . a long line along the crest of the hill . daena step beside leo. daena the ape put they where they do not want we to go . cross mean certain death . leo what 's so important on the other side of this hill ? krulL it lead to the ancient ruin at calima . leo calima ? ari we Holy writings say creation begin at calima ... ... where the almighty breathe life into semo , the first ape , in the time before time ... krull ... and where it be say semo will return to we one day . arI of course , most educate ape consider such religious notion as fairytale , metaphor we use to explain we origin . I doubt there ever really be a semo . daena his friend be not fairytale . they be real . Leo continue across the line of effigies . krull shove limbo ahead . limbo do not he ever stop ? stay on human : afraid to cross the line . birn suddenly spring forward . tilt up at the effigy as birn chase past it to fall behind Leo . daena see it -- and run after they with the other . ext . top of the hill - evening Leo finally reach the crest . below be a narrow meadow in a valley between two mountain . a dozen patterned tent form a camp by a river . ape guard the pass . Leo and the other hide in the rock . Pov - a SMALL herd of horse trap in a natural rock pen between Leo and the ape Camp . daena ( be : horse ) monster . leo ( react ) what be you talk about ? gunnar I have hear the ape feed they human flesh . tival I have hear they be possess by the spirit of great ape general . leo they be just horse . they will do whatever you tell they to do . gunnar we should to cross the river another way ... over the mountain . leo I have get no time for that . we will go through they . Leo slip back down the hill . ari and krull exchange a look . limbo call after he . limbo where should we bury you remain ? ext . ape encampment - night brightly color tent billow in the wind off the river . by a campfire - a group of ape soldier be gambling . one ape throw down a large playing card . insert playing card : the figure be ape in ancient costume first ape soldier semo smile on I . I win again . he reach for the pot . a second ape soldier stop he arm . second ape soldier you win too often . what have you hide up you sleeve ? it immediately get tense . the first soldier pull back the sleeve of he uniform . one hand , the other hand . grin -- nothing there . reaches for the pot again . he 's stop again . second ape soldier ( cont 'd ) all of they ... he force back one pant leg . nothing in that foot . tries the other . punch in close : the first ape hold a card with he foot . second ape soldier ( cont 'd ) cheater ! he knock the soldier back . in a second they start to fight . a loud growl make they stop . they turn to see -- attar on horseback have just come into camp . he have clearly cover a great distance . he ride right up to they and kick over the card . the soldier jump to they foot . attar ( o.s . ) who be in charge here ? angle : rushing out of a tent : the ape commander , quickly buttone he uniform . ape commander I be , sir . ... they do not tell I you be come . attar ( cut he off ) this camp be a disgrace . the Commander be terrify . attar dismount . attar ( cont 'd ) some human have escape . ape commander if they come this way we will crush they . attar this human be different . they travel with ape . the ape Commander hesitates , then laugh -- attar ( cont 'd ) you find this amusing ? ape commander ( stop ) no , sir . attar look around at the mountain . attar I be assume command . I will personally make sure this camp be prepare . chapter 21 : FIRE and water ext . horse pen - night Leo hold a dun colored stallion . they watch he grab a fistful of mane and hop on . the human be all amaze . Leo wheel the horse round . leo who 's next ? the other hang back . too afraid to join he . leo ( cont 'd ) then I guess we be say good - bye here . ari take a hesitant step forward . daena you can not go , you be afraid of water . arI you can not go , you be afraid of horse . Leo ride between they . leo ( to daena ) you want to ride ? grab a fistful of mane and hold on . ( to ari ) you want to cross the river ? horse be great swimmer . they will carry you across . ... krull appear out of the darkness . krull you be assume the soldier will not tear you to piece . ... I have just see thade 's great warrior ride into the camp . leo sound like he scare you . krull he do . I train he myself . limbo well , good luck , have a pleasant ride . obviously , I can not go ... so if you do not mind ... he hold out he shackle . Leo surprise everyone by unlock they . daena you be let he go ? the shackle fall -- limbo sigh , rub he wrist . Leo no . he will ride with we . limbo there be no way ... ari ( over ) and if you try to get away , I will tell thade we bribe you to help we . limbo I will deny it . krull a very large bribe . ari and krull grin at he . limbo explode . limbo the whole thing 's suicide . ride through a army encampment ? only a human would think this could work . leo attitude be the first human freedom . Leo reach into the Messenger box , take out the flare gun . ext. ape encampment - night close on a altar - inside a tent kneel on a small woven tapestry . eye close . candle illuminate a small icon of semo emerge out of parting cloud . attar wave he hand over the smoke . bow he head . a loud whoosh -- and the tent be bath in light . attar open he eye . ext. tent - around the camp attar rush out to see the soldier stare at the sky . in the sky - a blinding light actually , a Army flare , raining down on they . close on attar -- he cock a ear -- listen intently . over he shoulder : stampeding into view -- horse closer -- Leo lead the group . birn and daena right behind . tival , gunnar , then krull and ari . finally , limbo -- hold on for dear life . widen Leo have let the extra horse run with they . the ape dive out of the way as the horse stampede through they . tents be pull down . equipment crush . the sheer arrogance of Leo 's maneuver leave attar stunne . close on limbo as he ride hold on tightly . he kick the horse so it veer away towards the ape soldier . limbo help , help . do not hurt I . I be on you side . but to limbo 's surprise the ape soldier answer with a barrage of fireballs . one nick limbo 's arm . limbo be stunne . a ape soldier charge limbo with a spear . limbo can not get he horse to move . into frame -- leo whacks limbo 's horse . it carry limbo to the river . Leo lean down to grab a burning log and ignites one of the ape tent . the fire spread like dry grass . whipped by the wind . one ape run out of a tent with he fur on FIRE . Leo charge for the river . ext . the river - night ( continuous ) deep and wide . pan up to -- the horse reflected in the water . leo drive they across ! daena feel the power of she horse as it splashes into the water . birn have a big smile on he face as he horse lunge through the river . tival grip the mane tightly as he horse go in . finally , krull 's horse carry he in . ext . ape encampment - continuous find ari -- lag far behind . her eye wide with terror . use all she will to fight the panic building up inside . attar -- see ari . widen before ari reach the river attar hurl he bola -- it wrap around the horse 's front foot and bring it down . ari fly off roll across the ground . leo see ari fall . he turn he horse and race for she . ext . the river - continuous daena , birn , gunnar and tival emerge on the opposite bank . krull appear behind they . he fall from the horse . look for ari . run back to the water 's edge . pov - on the other side krull can see ari head for the rock . she start to climb . the ape be move out of camp towards she . krull be enraged he can not protect she . let 's out a fierce roar . close on attar -- he hear krull . they lock eye across the river . it make attar hesitate for just one moment . find leo he ride for the rock and leap from he horse . scramble up to ari . grab she hand . leo you have to swim . ari can not bring herself to enter the river . her instinctual aversion be just too strong . her eye be wide with terror . leo' Pov : rush out of the night all he can see be attar 's eye . ari I can not . leo I will not let go of you . attar arrive just as ari and leo leap off the rock into the river and disappear beneath the dark water . the ape hurl fireballs after they but they only hiss and turn to steam in the river . ext. across the river - night krull be still at the water 's edge when ari 's horse emerge riderless . krull be shake to the core . finally , limbo ride up . Falls to the ground soggy and miserable . still reeling . he look at the small burn on he fur . whimper as he lick it . gunnar come up with the shackle . limbo no , no , wait , there 's no need now . gunnar say who ? limbo gesture angrily across the water . limbo say they . they try to kill I ... ( touch he wound again ) ... like I be nothing but a miserable ... daena human ? gunnar he 's a liar and a coward . push in ecu on limbo -- he 's too smart not to understand what this all mean . his usual bravado melt away . limbo ( softly ) please , I have nowhere else to go . tival step in front of gunnar , help limbo to he foot . tival then you belong with we . gunnar we be the only one who make it . I say we should to stick to we own kind . daena be not sure what to do . she give way to she doubt . look at krull . daena it 's no use . nothing will ever change . birn suddenly sprint towards the water . they all turn -- ext . across the river - continuous - angle - staggering out of the river Leo carry ari on he back . ari 's claw dig tightly into he shoulder . it be a potent vision that contradict the core reality of they planet -- and they race . hold on daena be reaction as the other rush down to help they . Leo set ari on the ground . krull take ari 's hand . she know how worried he be about she . she stroke he fur , comforting he . angle daena push through to Leo . look at he shoulder . ari 's claw have leave deep cut . daena she hurt you . daena slap a clump of wet leave on the wound . leo she be hold on pretty tight . she begin to rub he shoulder . slowly , deeply . daena I know . I have see the way she look at you . leo ( reacting ) she 's a chimpanzee . daena a female chimpanzee . Leo be freak out by the conversation . daena rub harder . leo ow ... daena this be goma leave . leo and they be suppose to help ? now she 's really work the shoulder . daena first you body will tingle , then you will feel very dizzy ... Leo look at she confuse . daena ( cont 'd ) ... and if you do not start grow fur everywhere ... you will be heal . close on leo -- as he realize she 's be teasing he . daena laugh , and the other human join in . Leo know the joke 's on he . Leo and daena look at each other . she have a wickedly defiant look on she face . pan across to ari -- who react to they intimacy . she get up quickly . bound across to they . ari the ape will head down river till they find a crossing . we should keep move . Leo stand . daena lock eye with ari. daena you have recover quickly . tival signal Leo ; point to the cliff . ext . cliff - punch into Pov - in the cliff - two human male stare down at they from the shadow . they 're face have distinct tribal marking ( we'll see they again . ) as soon as they be spot they disappear . chapter 22 : call to arm ext. city of the ape - army headquarters - day the troops be massed in the CITY square , waiting . attar stand at the entrance to the headquarters . thade enter from inside . they walk and talk : thade where be he ? attar be ashamed to look at thade . attar they cross the river . thade 's voice be quiet , intense . thade you do not stop they ? attar they be carry by horse . attar can hardly bear the silence while thade glare at he . it seem a eternity -- until thade finally speak , he anger now building . thade horse ? attar yes , sir . we horse . we see thade's essential ape nature take over . he move quickly , leaping up the wall , pulling down tapestries , swinging up to the overhead chandelier . he draw he sword , and with one forceful move . cut down the chandelier . it crash to the ground carrying thade down with it and burst into flame . thade move through the flame and mount he horse . he turn toward attar , take a breath , calm himself . thade look into attar 's eye . his rage melt as quickly as it come on . thade forgive I ? I be not angry at you . ... my father have be take from I . he embrace attar emotionally . attar console he . attar he be a great leader . ... you family be direct descendent of semo . now it be time for you to lead . thade look at attar -- steadfast , loyal as always , then compose himself . thade form the division . widen attar hurry to the troops . turn to he lieutenant . attar form the division . full battle ready . sound the call to march ... ext . CITY of the ape quick shot : ape buglers start the clarion call . drummer beat a march rhythm . troops fall into line . wide shot : ext. city of the ape - gate thade ride in front of he army as it march to war . omit omit omit ext . plain - on the way to calima - night campfire krull walk off by himself and assume a " guard " position . ari and Leo watch he . arI he will stand like that all night . leo no question , he 's army . I know the type . ari maybe we be more alike than you think . Leo react . ari look up at the star . arI ( cont 'd ) I would like to see you world . leo no , you would not . they would prod you and poke you and throw you in a cage , too . arI you would protect I . she gently reach over and touch he arm . wait for he reply . leo you would never be able to go home again . arI I can not go home now . leo I can not take you with I . ... you be right . we be alike . it 's just as dangerous for you on my world as it be for I here . there be heartbreak in ari 's voice . arI I think after tomorrow , when you find you friend ... I will never see you again . leo I never promise anyone anything . ari look over at tival , birn and gunnar . ari that 's not what they think ... they think you be go to save they . pan across - daena be watch they as she sit with the other human grab food , shove it to they mouth as quickly as they can . daena watch ari break she food into small piece ; it seem refine , elegant . daena look down at she hand . drop she food . break off one small bit . mimics ari. tival ( sit into frame ) it 's not the way she eat , it 's the way she think that please he . daena look at he , embarrassed , then -- run off . chapter 23 : kalima ext . plain - follow daena till she 's by herself . she stop at a small trail of water dribble down a rock face . look around nervously . closer - daena take a small soft piece of cloth . touches the water . disrobe quickly . start to wash herself . omit omit ext . calima - Dawn Leo lead the other over a small ridge . Pov -- across the plain , through the haze , he can just make out the ruin . krull calima . Leo dismount . push in close : as Leo open the messenger again . the other gather around . insert : messenger screen : the beacon sound loudly , bounce off the wall , sweeping with precision . ext . calima - the plain Leo jump up -- leap onto the horse and streak for the source of the signal . the other chase behind . Leo move faster and faster . the beacon lead he on . excite , expect the crew to be right there . ext . calima ruins tilt up into Pov as Leo get he first clean look at calima . eerie . silent . Leo hold up the beacon -- it sound louder than ever . the other have follow . they wait for he to say something . Leo can not hide what he 's think ; they see it on he face . gunnar ( realize ) they be not here . the notion leave they unable to speak . gunnar explode . gunnar ( cont 'd ) they be never here . daena 's voice betray she fear -- daena but ... you say they would come for you . ari , krull and limbo be watch . limbo sniff -- limbo I know this smell ... right , it 's a catastrophe . Leo be reeling . he dash down a stone passageway . omit ext . calima - cave entrance - down a stone path Leo look around . the beep of the messenger become louder . omit omit int . calima cave we move with leo' Pov as he move deeper and deeper inside . we can hear leo breathing hard . the cave slope downward sharply . at first it just seem like nothing more than rock cave . his foot kick something hard in the ground . something white in the dirt Leo kneel and dig into the ground . reaches in . Leo rise with a round clump of dirt . he break it clear . it be a human skull . Leo drop it . look around : human bone be scattered along the cave . punch in close on leo he look at the wall again . he 's be here before . Leo pick up a rock -- start to scrape at the cave wall . Works frantically . soil crumble to the ground . Leo hit something metallic . clear it away with he hand . on the wall : reveal the oberon icon that we saw in the corridor on the wall circle leo -- fight this impossible revelation . leo no , no ... ecu : leo hold up he brand against the icon . it be a clipped section of the oberon' emblem . Leo look at the contour and shape of the cavern . it can not be . but everything match the way he remember it . this be the oberon . follow leo he dash down what look like a stone tunnel . Leo stop in one ' cave ' -- chip at the rock revealing the animal cage of the oberon . rust and coat with limestone . leo walk up to the warning sign we saw in the beginning : caution : live animal -- but all that remain of the original letter : CA li ma .... calima keep moving with leo to where the bridge security door should be . he chip dust from the hand id system . ecu : leo reach one trembling hand out . nothing . beat -- then a hum start from deep inside the cave . a faint light glow . then the glass wall begins to slide OPEN . dust spill into the AIR . Leo stagger into the bridge room . omit int . calima cave / oberon bridge daena and ari move warily towards the source of the light . pov leo stand in the middle of the great space . deep in think . try to regain hold of he emotion . daena step closer . daena what be it ? Leo can barely bring himself to say the word . leo it 's ... my ship. arI but ... this ruin be thousand of year old . leo I be here ... just a few day ago . leo move over to the control panel furiously pull away soil and dust . ari and daena watch as Leo light up the board . now leo can read the digital date as it flash by in millisecond : 5021.946 Leo begin to work the board . the entire bridge light up in stage . daena and ari look around . it be as profoundly incredible to they as landing on the planet be to leo. Leo push the red tracking lever we see he use in the first scene . close on the ship' messenger beacon -- Leo watch it pulse and sweep the screen. leo ( cont 'd ) this be what my Messenger be pick up . the oberon . Leo force open another control BOX . begins punch number . ari what be you do ? leo access the data base . every ship keep a visual log ... daena I do not understand . leo a way for they to tell they own story . ari will it work ? leo this ship have a nuclear power source with a half life of forever . int. calima cave / oberon bridge Leo sweep away dust from the giant digital screen above they . light flood out -- blind they all for a moment . Leo start scrolling through a time code visual log . the digital date begins to roll backward . on the screen a blur of image , jumpy , rip by binary static . Leo suddenly he see vasich . his face burn and scar . his voice tremulous . vasich ( on screen ) ... we be search for a pilot lose in a electromagnetic storm .... when we get close we guidance system go down . ... leo they could not find I ... because I be punch forward through time . vasich ( on screen ) ... we have receive no communication since we crash land . this planet be unchart and uninhabited . ... we be try to make the best of it ... the ape we bring along have be helpful . they be stronger and smarter than we ever imagine . ... the screen disappear in static . leo continue to scroll looking for undamaged bit of log . int . calima cave / oberon bridge on digital screen : more static . leo scroll through again . he can't read any of the image . int . calima cave / oberon bridge - continuous - suddenly on the screen Leo find alexander , with long silver hair . maybe sixty year old . a weary , distress glaze to she eye . we hear strange noise o.s. the SOUND of a door be batter as if under siege . alexander ... the other have fle with the child to the mountain . ...... the ape be out of control . one male name semo , who I raise myself , have take over the pack . he 's extremely brutal . ( voice break ) we have some weapon but ... I do not know how much longer we will last . Alexander keep look back over he shoulder . alexander ( cont 'd ) ... maybe I see the truth when they be young and would not admit it . we teach they too well . they be apt pupil ... in one quick blur we see four large ape sweep across the screen -- one ape ( semo ) look right at camera . then growls in a rage and reach out at camera . the screen turn to pure static . Leo finally reach out and change control . on the screen : the name of the crew Leo scroll through they all until he stop on he own name : captain leo davidson : missing in action punch in close on leo -- stare at he name stunne , he eye glisten . into frame -- ari kneel by he , try to console he . leo the crash , they death ... they be all dead because they be look for I . ari but we be all alive because of you . Leo fumble with some of the gage . leo there 's a little power leave in one of the fuel rod . daena you be try to find a way to leave we . close on leo -- look around the ship longingly . leo I have be away from home a thousand year . chapter 24 : a human leader ext . calima - the ruins leo , ari & daena emerge into the light . the other follow close behind . Leo can see dark shape emerge out of the haze . surround the ruin . closer a large group of human wait at the ruin . they carry belonging and homemade weapon . lead by the two human with distinctive tribal marking we see at the river crossing . score of other join they . leo who the hell be they ? tival you be story be spread through the village ... they all want to see this human who defy the ape . leo send they back . daena back where ? they have leave they home to be with you . ext . calima ruins - follow leo through the crowd as soon as the human see Leo a great cheer spread among they like wildfire . they crowd around he . limbo wedge himself next to leo. limbo see if you can talk you space friend into take I ... ' cause whichever way this go , I be out of business . Leo push away forward . ext . calima ruins - continue with leo through the human families , loner , the old and the young . some touch he hand . the human glare at ari , some curious , most hostile . out of the crowd : a human figure confront ari. it be bon -- ari 's old servant . they embrace with tear . the Little human girl that bon save hide behind bon , shy and wary . but ari kneel and smile at she . slowly , the Little girl let ari take she into she arm . the Little girl finally smile back at ari. ext . calima cliff edge - sunset - second night as sunset turn the sky to fire , Leo stand on the cliff -- look out over the plain of calima . his face a study in concern . ext . calima plain - night vast and empty . birn on horseback . watch . Pov : from behind a distant hill he see a strange glow . kick he horse . ride quickly to the crest . widen to pov in the far distance he can see a line of torch snake all the way to the horizon . reveal thade 's army - on the move lead by drummer beat out a rhythm . a endless stream of ape of all kind -- in full battle gear -- storm across frame . moving with incredible speed . attar lead he division past thade , mount on a elaborately caparison horse . back to birn he spin he horse and race away . ext . calima ruins - night suddenly -- birn come gallop in on he horse . jump off . run up to leo. birn I see they . krull how many ? birn as far as I could see . krull react -- krull thade have bring all he legion . that mean the senate have capitulate . he answer to no one now . Leo turn to daena . leo get you people away from here . they can go to the mountain , hide ... while there 's still a chance . daena they will not listen to I . Leo think about it , then -- leo ok , if they come here to follow I , I will let they follow . ext . calima ruins - widen - night the human wait for Leo to talk to they . he mount he horse . leo this be a fight we can not win .... break up and scatter . I will draw they off . I be the one they want . ... let 's go ... he spin he horse and start to ride . stay with leo as he move out . then Leo stop , turn around -- widen to pov the human have not move . they remain silently by the rock . Leo gallop back to daena . dismount . leo ( cont 'd ) they do not understand . it 's over . finish . there 's no help come . she look deeply at he . touches she hand to he face . daena you come ... she lean in and kiss he . omit chapter 25 : the MARK of a human wide shot : ext . calima - thade 's ape encampment - night a eerie silence pervade the ape camp . a thousand campfire seem to make the sky glow . in the shadow a large figure move furtively past the tent . ext . calima - thade be ape encampment - close on attar in a dark mood . at the edge of the camp . stare out across the plain to calima . he hear something . footstep . into frame -- a figure attar stop !... attar 's sense come alive . something jolt he . attar ( cont 'd ) come closer and identify yourself ! the figure hesitates . then move towards they . it 's krull . attar be catch by surprise see he teacher . for a second he even seem defensive . then -- attaR ( cont 'd ) you dare show you face here ? krull it be not my decision ... krull step aside . stepping from behind be ari . arI I wish to speak to thade . attar impossible . you have betrayed you race . krull and you have betrayed everything that I teach you . attar I could have you kill on the spot . krull ( a low growl , then ) you could try . ari step between they . tries to reason with attar . arI do not you ever think we ape have lose we way ? do not you ever have doubt ? she can see attar be affect by she word . int. thade 's tent - night ari stand with she head down . thade why have you come ? ari to be with you . be not it what you want ? quick cut : outside the tent krull and attar stand -- they can hear the conversation . back inside the tent thade stalk round ari not say anything . finally -- thade a trade ?... that 's what you be propose . yourself for the human . ... even when you be young you take in stray human . you family always indulge you every whim . thade reach out -- ari tense . thade pick a fleck of dirt from she fur . thade ( cont 'd ) now look at what you have become . ari know this be she last chance . she have nothing else to offer ; so she fall to a ape pose of submissiveness . arI it 's what you want , be not it ? I will be with you . thade I have no feeling for you now . close on thade -- he turn he back to she . he take ari 's scarf . she watch he drop it into the fire . closer -- in the fire . thade see a brand iron . quickly : thade spin back and grab ari 's hand . press the brand into she . ari cry out . thade you want to be human ? ... then wear they mark . krull burst into the tent . attar growl and leap after he . flashes he canine at krull . thade signal attar to calm down . thade drop ari 's hand . turn to attar . thade ( cont 'd ) let they return . tomorrow they will die with the human . attar let krull lead ari away . stay on thade -- for one quick moment he look back for she . chapter 26 : not so different ext . calima  night Leo stand before the ruin give instruction to he close follower . leo there 's one possibility . one shot , but it 's worth take . he point to the ruin . leo ( cont 'd ) we have get to draw they in close . put all this people behind the ship . but do not hide they . I want they see . daena what about we ? leo you will be on the horseback . in front of the ship . wait for my signal . absolutely still . you be the bait . birn I will not move till you say so . leo you will not even be out there . birn start to protest , but Leo will not let he . birn but .. leo that 's enough . chapter 27 : a way to fight back int . calima - the oberon - bridge Leo be at the dusty control . the messenger box beside he . work on something . limbo sneak in as Leo tap the same fuel gage on the board . insert : fuel gage -- it flicker and then go dark . hold on leo -- a moment of doubt play across he face . limbo whatever you be plan ... do not tell I . the anticipation will kill I before thade do . ( beat , then ) I can not stand it ... you gotta tell I ! leo I think I can do something that will shock they with the power of we technology . limbo excellent . then we will be victorious . leo but I can only do it once . if it do not work , we be defenseless . limbo I tell you not to tell I . ... do you think we have any chance ? leo in the ancient history of my planet three hundred spartan hold off a army of Persians for seven day . limbo excellent . ... what happen after seven day ? leo they become legend . chapter 28 : the human 's power ext . calima third day - on the cliff - just before dawn close on leo : alone on he horse -- at the very edge of the plain . just watch . for a moment he relive the odyssey that bring he to this moment . alone with he thought . omit omit omit ext . calima - lookout rock - new angle tival as lookout gaze across the plain . ext . calima - thade be ape encampment - dawn close on thade : -- proud and confidant . he finally turn to attar . nod . punch close on attar -- as he let out a fearsome roar . ext . plain of calima the ape army stand in crisp formation . the soldier pick up attar 's roar , echoing it until the sky be fill with they anger . the buglers sound . thade lead a row of ape rider forward towards calima . ext . calima - behind the ruins - same time the human be hide among the ruin . they hear the ape before they see they . pan the human face -- as the ape ' deep , roll howl break over they like a tidal wave . Leo can sense a rise panic among they . he continue to check the control on he Messenger pack . new angle there be movement from behind the rock . krull and ari appear . they quickly join the human . ext . calima - lookout rock angle : tival stand lookout high on the cliff . call down . tival I see they . ext . plain of calima - angle - moving across the plain closer : thade , attar and six other horseman cantering . he signal -- another trumpet call and -- the loper drop from marching to loping position and begin to race forward they quickly overtake the rider and pass they accelerate towards the human . a sea of red as the army lope across the plain . ext . calima plain gunnar , krull , daena and several other rider on they horse . ari come riding up . daena glare at she -- until she see the brand on ari 's hand . ari refuse she pity -- move she horse along the front of the line . as the ape approach , the horse become skittish . leo ( shout , re : horse ) hold they , hold they ... as long as you can . ext . calima ruins - day gather human be hide amongst the ruin watch expectantly . birn ride he horse out move toward the other horse . ext . calima plain - in front of the ruins - day back the other as birn ride up . daena what be you do here ? birn I be part of this . daena wait with the other like he tell you . but it's too late , the ape loper be too close . leo give the signal for the horse to go . leo now ! the rider take off at full gallop , head toward the ruins . they divide into two group and head for safety behind the ruin . ext . calima behind the ruins ( intercut with plain in front of the ruins ) on leo : watch . continue to check he Messenger . he turn to see : birn' horse stumble , pinning birn underneath leo' Pov : as the ape loper bear down on birn . ext . calima - in front of the ruins on leo -- he leap from cover and run hard into the open across the plain . angle : the ape explode forward birn be directly in there path leo run hard toward he try to get to he before thade doe . birn be Pov : the ape bear down on he Leo reach birn he frees birn 's horse and horse and rider ( birn ) gallop out of frame the ape be close in . Leo run full out to get back to the messenger before he be catch . omit omit omit omit omit ext . calima plain quick CUT to thade : watch from a distance . unsettle by the sudden silence . ext . calima - side of ruins quick pan to leo the human watch leo' return . he reach he messenger just before the ape be upon he . insert : messenger - as leo turn it ' on ' no response . tries again , nothing . then : int . cave - the oberon quick CUT : on the bridge of the oberon -- the fuel monitor flicker once , twice , then light up . ext . calima ruins wide shot : the great spire of the ruin be actually the engine of the ship . a low hum radiate from the engine . ext . calima ruins a beat , then the engine explode to life wide as the rocket thrust explode . then : the ape in the first row be vaporize . other behind be burn and toss into the air . insert : limbo' reaction limbo ( astonished ) by the beard of semo ! ext . calima - the plain on thade : watch incredulously as he prize warrior tumble burn and scar into the dust . punch in close on thade -- think this over . ext . calima ruins the engine die out . a giant dust cloud have formed . the few survivor stagger away from the haze . in the dust and confusion panic two wounded ape soldier see human emerge from the dust and surround they . the ape growl -- use they try - and - true instinct to scare the human away . the human growl back . a wild and mock roar that rise from the depth of they soul . it spread until it drown out the ape -- and they fear . all the human rush in and begin to beat the survive ape on leo watching ext . calima - the plain - the ape army thade and attar can sense the fear spread in they troops . attar how can there be such a weapon ... we can not defeat they . more wounded stagger back . punch close on thade -- he listen . the wind whip the dust around they . intercut : leo wonder if he 's pull it off . limbo it work ! ... I will gather they weapon and sell they for a fortune ! Leo hold up a hand . look out across the plain . back to thade thade wheel around to attar . thade we will attack . attar but , sir ...he can destroy we all . thade draw he sword . thade we will see . before attar can stop he thade gallop straight at the human . crane up thade gallop across the plain . intercut : leo step out from the rock -- all he can see be the dust and haze from the explosion . he listen , too . it 's as if he and thade can sense each other . then out of the dust -- thade emerge defiant , fearless , riding straight at calima . he pull up . poise , dare they to destroy he . close on leo -- he know thade have play he bluff . thade flash he canine and roar -- it carry across the plain , to ape and human alike . limbo can see the look on Leo 's face . limbo by semo , we be do . chapter 29 : thade strike intercut : thade as attar streak to he side . thade I be tired of this human . attack ! the horn SOUND . thade lead the charge into the dust cloud . attar and the other follow . omit ext . calima - dust cloud on leo : in the thick of battle . one ape make a stab for Leo with a spear -- but Leo kick the spear away . roll underneath . grab the spear . sprint forward . out of the dust another ape soldier appear with a net . Leo grab a handful of dirt and throw it into the ape 's eye . he stab he with the spear and take he net . ext . calima - lookout rock on the cliff face : a ape appear in front of tival . growls . tival back up , bump into another ape approaching from behind . the two ape toss tival off the rock to he death below . omit ext . calima - dust cloud find daena : charge through the battle . Fighting valiantly from she horse . on thade : he spot she . with cold resolve he take a bola and swing it over he head . let it fly . daena be knock from she mount . she scramble to she foot . look around for help but see only ape soldier come toward she . ext . behind the ruins - dust cloud on ari : watching from behind the ruins : she see daena 's trouble , grab birn 's horse , mount it and ride out to the battle . ext . calima - dust cloud ari arrive at daena 's side . she reach down and grab she onto she horse . they path to safety be block by ape . a mighty roar come from behind . angle - krull charge into view a unstoppable force , wreak havoc on the ape soldier who be threaten ari . they dodge a ape who appear out of the dust . daena 's shoulder be slashed by the ape 's spear . ari hold onto she . chapter 30 : krull 's last stand back to krull : surrounded by more ape soldier . in fierce hand - to-hand combat he crush several . then look up . ext . calima out of the dust : attar appear on foot both great ape bare they fang -- charge at each other . lock in a frightening embrace . they cut and slash at each other first with sword , then with tooth and claw . a blur of fur and dust . at first krull gain the upper hand . but he age make he no match for attar . chapter 31 : the prophecy fulfilled ? ext . calima - dust cloud on limbo : try to hide from ape soldier . two rush towards he from opposite direction . at the last moment limbo jump up cause the two ape to collide with each other . int . calima cave - the oberon - same time track in slowly on the control panel -- the red lever -- and the messenger beacon -- sounding relentlessly . closer : on the radar sweep -- a blank sweep . beat . then a dot appear . omit ext . calima - dust cloud wide shot : the battle be turn into a rout . thade charge through look for leo. find leo -- he 's pull down from behind . one ape lift he sword . into frame -- limbo run he through with a spear . ari ride back to the human line . Leo and birn help daena from the horse . she push they away -- grab a weapon and join the line . the human try to retreat to the rock but the ape have manage to cut off they way . thade have they surround . ext . calima - sky tilt up slightly -- something move on the horizon . a SMALL glittering dot . move too fast to be anything natural . closer -- the ' dot ' grow in frame ext . calima - dust cloud thade wheel he horse and charge at Leo . Leo take thade 's charge . thade dismount and leo and thade begin fierce hand to hand combat . thade quickly gain the upper hand . he swat Leo to the ground . Leo roll to he foot . thade land a crush blow . Leo fall to one knee . thade be about to finish he off , stop at a deafening SOUND . ext . calima ruins - across the battlefield - dust cloud ape and human alike react to a sound never hear by anyone on this planet . boom ! the breaking of the SOUND barrier . they stop fight and look up . in the sky : the ' dot ' be now rocketing right at they . leo fight to clear in he mind . he know what this be . it be a pod . widen : the pod spread a contrail that filter light into brilliant hue . all the while we can hear the beep of the messenger beacon . ext . calima ruins the pod loops back and rocket just above the ground . the wake of the pod disperse the dust cloud . it look exactly like the parting of the cloud that we've see in the icons of semo . attar watch as the pod skid through the dirt in a storm of dust and light . the pod finally come to a stop in front of the ruins . thade can't imagine what this means . but he see that he troops be paralyze by the sight . ext . calima ruins - on the pod the hatch open slowly . Inside the pod we can hear the ping of the beacon sounding over and over . a hand grip the escape rung . a furry hand . and pericle step out . the light around he , the swirl of the dust , mimic the icon . close on attar -- as he whisper a single word . attar semo . he drop to he knee . pan the ape soldier as they think that ' semo ' have return to they . they let out a huge cheer . the same word be repeat over and over among they . " semo . " hold on thade be reaction -- confuse and wary . attar run to thade with eye wide . attar ( cont 'd ) Sir ! the prophecy be true . semo have return to we . the human have no idea what to make of this . new angle leo startles they all . he run to the pod . pericle scramble into Leo 's arm . he look at Leo . look down at he hand ; pick out a thumb . closer on pericle he give leo a ' thumb up ' sign . Leo return it . leo good boy . you bring you pod home . now the human all cheer . leo be electrify . maybe pericles have bring he a way home , too . Leo sling pericles ' back pack over he own shoulder . leo ( cont 'd ) ok , pericles , let 's go explain evolution to the monkey . on thade : watch he soldier throw down they weapon as Leo stride towards they . thade rush at he soldier . thade stop he ! ... thade push a few towards Leo . this ape drop they weapon , too , and retreat . thade try to stop they . thade ( cont 'd ) go back ... I order you ... hold you position ... coward ! the human cheer as they see the ape flee . it 's a day they think they would never see . attar watch he soldier scatter . confused , not sure what to do . thade growl -- then charge and leap -- landing hard at Leo . with one vicious backhand he send pericles sprawling into the dust . attar and the other ape be shocked . thade ( cont 'd ) ( to Leo ) wherever you come from ... you be still just a wretch human . thade grab Leo and hurl he through the air . Leo hit the ground hard . pericles ' back pack skitter along the rock . Leo look at thade and run for it . thade charge Leo and throw he again . Leo take another terrible fall . close on leo : chapter 32 : thade 's new power as he push himself up out the dust . he can see the back pack lay by the entrance to the oberon . he get to he foot and stand defiantly . thade be enraged . Leo retreat -- luring thade closer to the oberon 's bridge . thade lope forward and swat Leo back again . Leo land by the back pack -- try furtively to reach into it before thade can see . but thade be on he too fast . in leo' hand -- the GREEN glow stick thade grab the Green stick -- hold it up clsoe to examine it . Leo pretend to be worried . thade bend , twist , sniff the stick . Leo use the opportunity to stagger back into the safety of the tunnel . thade finally snap the GREEN stick . nothing happen . he roar -- and charge after Leo into the tunnel . int . calima cave - oberon tunnel thade slap Leo again -- and Leo tumble deeper into the oberon. int . calima cave - the oberon tunnel Leo stagger down the old cave . int . calima cave - oberon thade throw Leo through the security door onto the bridge . on the bridge - thade and leo : thade stand over Leo . look around at this strange place . thade I will bury you remain ... so they can be forget like the rest of you race . thade start for Leo -- but Leo manage to reach into pericles ' back pack and pull out the standard issue gun . he wheel on thade . thade stop immediately . leo ( reacting ) you know what this be . thade do . he be stunne . caught off guard . everything have turn around so quickly ... until -- onto the bridge : ari rush in look for Leo , but find -- thade -- who leap on she so quickly Leo dare not shoot . thade stand with one hand grip ari 's throat tightly . Leo point the gun at thade. leo ( cont 'd ) let she go . thade I be willing to die . ... be you willing to see she die ? Leo realize he have no option . he set down the gun . kick it to thade . it spin on the hard surface . into frame -- attar -- appear on the bridge . pick up the gun . hold it up as if he can not trust he eye . thade ( cont 'd ) ( to attar ) with that weapon they be no longer the weaker race . we can not allow it . Leo speak quickly to attar. leo ( be : ship ) look around ... this be who you really be . we bring you here . we live together with you in peace ... until semo murder everyone . attar no ... ( turn to thade ) can it be true ? thade they would make we they slave . ... bring I the gun . attar be confuse . he finally present it to thade . thade shove ari to the floor . take the gun . thade let 's he long finger wrap around the gun 's trigger . thade ( cont 'd ) do it really make a difference how we arrive here ? we be the only one who will survive . ari plead with thade . ari please do not hurt he . thade react , look at ari. thade I be always less than human to you . ( point the gun ) someday if human be even remember , they will be know for what they really be ... weak and stupid ... thade pull the trigger . nothing happen . he pull it over and over . leo stupid people , smart gun . thade turn to attar . thade kill they . close on attar -- he do not move . thade ( cont 'd ) I be you commander . obey I . attar everything I have believe in ... be a lie . you and you family have betrayed we . I will not follow you anymore . closer -- leo be maneuvering thade to one side of the bridge away from ari and attar . thade when you be dead and this place bury beneath the rock ... no one know the truth . Leo take one more step aside . leo you will ... forever . leo presses he hand to the wall . thade do not understand what he 's do until  chapter 33 : the cage animal int . calima cave - the bridge - continuous the glass security door of the oberon begins to slide shut . Leo grab ari and pull she out . thade be take by surprise . confused at first . then with all he great power he grip the door as it close . close on thade 's hand with a terrifying roar thade struggle and begin to slide the door back . into frame -- another , larger set of hand gripping thade 's wrist . thade look up to see -- attar stare calmly , firmly at he . thade help I ... my friend ... ( then ) ... I command you ... at tar I will pray for you . attar forcefully throw thade back . the door lock close . widen thade slam himself into the door . over and over . but this glass be beyond even a ape 's force . attar just stare at thade . then turn and walk away . on thade - through the glass beat on the door viciously . but they can no longer hear the sound of he roar . thade run to the control panel . start to pound the board . his strength have no effect on the sophisticated technology . ecu thade slam he hand down on the button . he be trap . angle Leo turn to look for pericles . but he 's go . ari kneel down , touch a blood trail that lead leo to -- int . calima cave / oberon - animal live quarter Leo come into the ' cave ' that be once the animal laboratory of the oberon . pericle climb slowly into the hole that be once he cage . the only home he 's ever know . closer : pericles curl in the corner and lay he head down . breathe softly . into frame : leo take he hand . smile at he . chapter 34 : a chance to go back dissolve to:ext. plain of calima - day wind sweep across the battlefield . at the ruin find attar kneel at krull grave . attar place a last stone on top . into frame : ari touch krull 's grave . arI all the year you put up with I ... this time I wish I could have protect you . widen Leo come into frame with pericles . hand he to ari. leo take good care of he . arI I can promise you I will not put he in a cage . attar look across the battlefield . attar we will leave the grave unmark . no one who come here will be able to tell ape from human . they will be mourn together ... as it should be from now on . insert : pod as a loud beep start back to leo reacting to the SOUND . leo it 's find the coordinate of the storm that bring I here . ari be try to contain she emotion . arI it would mean a great deal to everyone if you would stay ... ( then ) it would mean a great deal to I .... Leo 's mind be already make up . the beeping continue . leo I have to leave now ... I have to take a chance that it can get I back . ari touch Leo in a gentle , groom manner . there be heartbreak in she voice . ari start to say something , nod . arI one day they will tell a story about a human who come from the star and change we world . ... some will say it be just a fairy - tale ... that he be never real ... ari 's eye well up . arI ( cont 'd ) ... but I will know the truth . the beeping increase frequency . Leo back up and then start sprinting for the pod . omit ext . the pod ( continuous ) Leo come run up . surprise limbo come out -- limbo immediately turn around -- tries to hide something behind he back . look at Leo . then sigh -- limbo hold out a oberon emblem . leo you gonna sell that ? limbo ( sincerely ) no ... I want soemthing to remember you by . he hold it out to Leo . Leo press it back into he hand . leo make sure you get a good price . off to the side -- daena try to stand proudly . Leo go to she . she finally break down -- wrap she arm around he and hold he tight . leo ( cont 'd ) you know I can not take you with I ... daena then you will have to come back . she kiss he deeply . then run off . circle round leo as he take one last look around at this planet and climb into the pod . int . pod Leo slip on he helmet . leo Close pod . the hatch slide close . widen : ext . calima - day ari , daena , attar , limbo and the other shield they eye as the pod rise in the sky . wide shot - sky birn sit alone on horseback at the top of the cliff as a streak of light blaze across the sky . ascend until the bright light disappear . int. alpha pod - later the perfect blackness of space . Leo be try to map he coordinate . he control panel light up : a message read : coordinate unknown widen shot the same rush of light we see from the electromagnetic STORM appear to Leo 's right . blind he -- as it do before . the alpha pod be suddenly overwhelmed with light from the worm hole . chapter 35 : welcome home and then it disappear . wipe screen with static and dissolve to : the pod as it rocket out of nothingness into view . whipped through the time STORM to some other part of the universe . int. pod leo blink he eye . regains consciousness . he look out the pod window . pov rush up quickly at Leo be the magnificent blue green ball of the earth . we can discern the familiar land form of the continent . Leo be amaze , he eye glisten . after he ordeal he 's home . then the pod begin to shake violently . wide as the pod enter the earth 's atmosphere . engulf by cloud . Leo fight to hold the pod steady . it begin to roll . Leo can barely control it . he fire he retro burner to slow down . the cloud cover thickens -- Leo have lose sight of the horizon . angle - into view just for a moment : two long line of light framing a GREEN stretch of lawn -- almost like a landing strip . Leo do the best he can to direct the pod to the light . ext . the mall - washington , d.c. - night a heavy potomac fog blanket the city as the pod rip through the expanse of lawn , throw off spark , splash through the reflecting pool , finally come to rest . closer - the pod Leo climb out . stun . not sure where he be . he can hear siren . angle - through the fog the spin red light of Capitol police car speed to the crash sight . Doors slam . Leo hear the filter sound of two way radios . then figure appear in the fog . Leo start to run towards they . then he stop . angle - the cop ape . one ' cop ' open he mouth and give a loud roar -- like we hear on the planet . Leo can not believe he eye . he back up . more police car appear . the growl get louder . Leo turn and start to run . _ follow leo up the step of the " lincoln memorial ' -- higher and higher . over he shoulder we can see the ape swarm . Leo race into the memorial . exhausted . widen as the ape catch up with Leo and subdue he . Leo fight they as best he can . his eye wide -- see something that make he blood run cold . as the ape pull he away . leo no ... no ... leo 's pov -- where lincoln always sit now sit thade . a massive marble icon of the ape . fade out . chapter 36 : end title back geovisit ( ) ;