" planet of the ape " screenplay by Michael Wilson base on novel by Pierre boulle shoot script May 5 , 1967 revised : 05/11/67 05/16/67 05/23/67 06/09/67 06/15/67 06/22/67 07/06/67 07/27/67 fade in 1 ext . constellation of orion - night star glitter like diamond on the black velvet backdrop of space . the belt of orion be center screen , but much nearer and larger than ever see by a Earth -bound astronomer . a speck of light appear in the lower leave corner of the screen . no spaceship can be see , but only a glowworm , a solitary sperma - tosoan glide through the womb of the universe . over this we hear the voice of a astronaut . he be conclude a report . astronaut voice ( o.s . ) so end my last signal until we reach we destination . we be now on automatic , a mere hundred and five light year from we base ... and at the mercy of com - puter . I have tuck in my crew for the long sleep . I will join they presently . 2 int . cabin of spaceship - establishing shot - night the cabin be neither cramped nor spacious , but about the size of the President 's cabin in Air Force one . in the immediate f.g. be a console of dial and switch flanke by four chair . only one of the chair be occupy . the astronaut 's back be to camera . there be a ladder amidship which lead to a escape hatch . the after dart of the cabin be obscure in darkness . we hear the music of a mozart sonata emanate from a phonograph of stereotape . the astronaut be speak into a microphone . astronaut within the hour we shall complete the sixth month of we flight from cape Kennedy . by we time , that be ... he pause , look up at : 3 two large clock - on cabin wall one clock be mark self time , but instead of twelve numeral it have twenty - four . one of the needle be move very slowly . the other clock be label earth time , and its unit , like that of a tachometer , be give by hundred and thousand . the large needle of this clock make one revolution every second . over this we hear : astronaut voice ( o.s . ) but accord to Dr. hasslein theory of time in a vehicle travel at close to the speed of light , old mother Earth have age a few thousand year since we de - parture -- while we have scarcely age at all . 4 close on astronaut this be taylor . he wear simple dungaree ( or churchill suit ) and comfortable boot . he seem calm and pensive . extracting the butt of a cigar from the breast pocket of he dungaree , he light it , then continue : taylor it may be so . this much be probable : the man who send we on this journey have long since be molder in forget grave ; and that , if any , who read this message be a different breed . hopefully , a better one . he begin to roll up he leave sleeve . taylor I leave the twentieth century without regret . who be it ? Marshall ? ... say ' modern man be the missin 'a link between the ape and the human be . ' he remove the cigar from he mouth , turn to look out through one of the porthole into the astral night . taylor one final think -- nothing scientific , purely personal . see from up here , everything look different ... time bend and space be boundless . it squash a man 's ego . he begin to feel like no more than a mote in the eye of eternity . and he be nag by a question : ahat if any - thing , will greet we on the end of man 's first journey to a star ? be we to believe that throughout this thousand of galaxy , this million of star , only one , that speck of solar dust we call Earth , have be grace -- or curse -- by human life ? ( pause ) I have to doubt it . he extract a hypodermic needle from he breast pocket and inject it into the vein of he forearm . he continue speak . taylor ( sardonically ) that 's about all . I wonder if man , that marvel of the universe , that glorious paradox who have send I to the unknown ... still make war against he brother. , and let he neighbor 's child starve . Taylor withdraw the hypodermic needle from he vein and secure it in a drawer of the console . taylor well then , earthmen : a miss link salute you . bless you , my descendant . Taylor snuff out the cigar butt and place it in the drawer beside the hypodermic . then , flick a switch au cut off the mozart , he rise and look up again at : 5 the clock marked earth time the longest needle of this clock now make nearly two revolution per second . the shortest needle point to the numeral 2105 . 6 int . cabin - tracking with taylor Space scientist have presumably solve the problem of weightlessness , for Taylor walk the short distance from ; the console to the after section without particular effort . camera follows he , and we can now see four glass capsule , or " casket " , in the rear of the cabin . Taylor look down at they . 7 - several shot - the four casket - from taylor be p.o.v. 10 one of they be open . the other three be occupy by astronaut : dodge , landon and stewart . they , too , wear dungaree and boot . dodge and landon be thirtyish , clean -shaven , virile -- America 's finest . Stewart be a handsome young woman , she hair bobbe short . they eye be close and they do not appear to be breathe -- yet no undertaker could make they so alive . 11 another angle - favoring taylor he grasp the handle of he own casket and slowly pull himself into it . continue silence . camera move in as Taylor dull the glass lid shut and secure it . he adjust two dial inside the capsule and lie back , buckle he safety belt . camera move into a closeup of Taylor . his eye be open . he seem serene , even enrapture . ( note : credit will appear here over a series of shot design to convey a sense of loneliness , of separation , and of the passage of time . ) dissolve to : 12 - a series of shot - a distant globe ( miniature ) 16 we see a strange and distant planet . at first the globe occupy but a small area of the screen ; but with each new view it come closer and loom larger , as if " observe from a spaceship in a spiraling orbit of descent . the topography of the planet bear little resemblance to we own . much of it be obscure by cloud cover ; even more of - it appear to be crater desert of reddish hue . we can , however , make out a few narrow " green belt " and a patch of blue water . in the final shot of this sequence we see the strange planet as it would be observe from a spacecraft plummete from twenty thousand foot to one thousand foot . it appear that the ship will fall into a vast lake surround by soar sandstone pinnacle . the water be blue-black , the pinnacle vermillion . ( this be the Lake Powell location , at Lone rock . ) 17 int . spaceship - full shot - day four empty pilot seat be see in f.g. , the four glass casket in b.g. we hear the rhythmic bleat of a warning signal , a rush of wind as in a rapid descent , and perhaps the roar of retrojet . then , a great crash as the craft hit water . the whole ship shudder on impact . loose equipment fall to the cabin floor . camera move down the cabin aisle as the ship begin to roll in the water and hold on the four glass casket . there be three loud metallic click as the glass dome of the casket swing open automatically . 18 close on taylor he now have a full beard . his eye come open . instantly alert , he rise to a sit position , gaze across at : 19 dodge and landon - from taylor be p.o.v. they , too , awaken and sit up , star at Taylor . they , too , be bearded . taylor's voice ( o.s . ) you all right ? they nod . 20 back to taylor - close shot he glance at the casket beside he own . taylor Stewart ? ( struggle to he foot ) Stewart ? 21 close - shot -- the FOURTH casket its dome remain unopen . the young woman be a skeleton in a churchill suit . 22 reaction shot - the three astronaut dodge and landon have join Taylor and - stare at the grin skull of they dead comrade . a low , descend hum of equipment be hear . simultaneously the light begin to fade . a moment later they brighten , but not as much as before . taylor there go we primary power . we be on auxilliary . a slight cracking sound be hear . Taylor turn quickly away and o.s. : 23 reverse angle - the forward cabin a trickle of water have begin to seep through a rupture seam in the cabin . Taylor dart to a porthole and peer cut . 24 long shot - what taylor sees : water the porthole be no more than six inch above the line . in the distance we discern a shoreline of red desert . taylor's voice ( o.s . ) we be in the soup . we be sink . 25 int . cabin - full shot the leak in the seam become a grow spray of water . Taylor turn away from the porthole , call : taylor dodge ! read the atmosphere ! dodge move instantly to the ladder beneath a escape hatch and mount it . Taylor stumble down the aisle of the roll ship toward the console and address landon , who be still stare at Stewart 's skeleton . taylor landon ! send a last signal . landon ( daze ) what signal ? taylor to Earth ! that we have land ! as landon lurch toward the communication equipment in f.g. CUT to : 26 ext . tim strange planet - long panoramic shot - late afternoon ( lone rock , lake powell ) we be look at a lifeless desert of sandstone butte and pinnacle . there be no sign of vegetation anywhere . camera pan down to a body of water that could be the bay of a inland sea . the deep blue of the sea contrast sharply to the red sand of the shoreline . camera hold on the stricken spaceship , wallowing like a beach whale a hundred yard offshore . the porthole of the craft be beneath the water , and only its roof and the tail fin of its tail assembly be visible . the red-hot skin of the ship vaporize the water around it . suddenly a snorkel - like tube sprout from the escape hatch , which be locate amidship . 27 int . cabin - close on close escape hatch dodge , stand halfway up the ladder. , have fastened a kit of gauge to the end of the snorkel tube . he read the dial , remove the kit , sniff the air in the tube and then , take a deep breath , announce : dodge it 's breathable . taylor's voice ( o.s. ) okay ! blow the hatch before we lose auxilliary power . dodge reach for a control mechanism near the escape hatch . 28 close on taylor and landon the spray of water come through the rupture seam be increase . the light dim again and the SOUND of the warning signal fade . while landon fiddle with the radio , Taylor try to get the tape recorder roll , but all we hear be scramble and unintelligible noise . landon it 's no use ... there she go . taylor forget it . abandon ship . 29 wider angle - tim cabin the escape hatch be now open . Taylor dart over to the ladder and pass a fold life raft up to dodge . when landon reach the ladder , Taylor hand he two neatly pack rucksack , and landon climb through the escape hatch . Taylor be about to follow with a third rucksack , then turn and cross the cabin for a last look at : 30 the two clock - from taylor be p.o.v. both clock have stop : the red needle of the clock label self time rest on the numeral 18 ; the red needle of the clock mark earth time rest on the numeral 3975 . 31 ext . top of spacecraft - mo . shot dodge inflate the raft with a cartridge of compress air and toss it into the water . he and landon jump into the water and climb onto the raft as Taylor emerge from the hatch , Taylor slip into the water and climb onto the raft . he and landon begin to paddle toward shore , while dodge immediately open another kit and take a sample of the water . 32 close on the men in the raft dodge ( half to himself ) briny ... twenty - five percent salinity . near the saturation point . landon ( look back ) she 's still sink ... 33 the spaceship - from there p.o.v . only the radio antenna and the tip of the tail fin remain visible . landon' voice ( o.s. ) go ... go ... the craft vanish beneath the water . 34 close on the men in the raft dodge be still busy with he kit . landon be still look back , but Taylor do not bother to turn he head . landon go . taylor ( flatly ) we be here to stay . 35 another angle - moving with the raft they gaze at the forbid sandstone battlement as they near the shore . landon well ? where be we ? have any notion , skipper ? taylor ( confidently ) we be some three hundred and twenty light year from Earth . on a unnamed planet in orbit around a star in the constellation of orion . ( look off at the " sun " ) that could be bellatrix . 36 the SUN - from there p.o.v. low on the horizon , see through a dense envelope of dust particle . dodge's voice ( o.s. ) too red for bellatrix . 37 back to astronaut in raft landon glance skeptically at Taylor . landon you do not have time to check the tape , so you do not really know , do you ? ( as Taylor ignore he ) what go wrong ? ( sardonically ) we be not program to land in water . dodge ( grin ) the question , landon , be not so much where we be as when we be . taylor ( stand up in raft ) we have have a nice snooze . let 's start earning all we back pay . 38 wider angle - the beach as the three astronaut step out into shallow water and pull the raft ashore . taylor take you soil test , dodge . I will check the equipment . dodge move inland about ten yard , remove a small hand drill from he belt , extend the rod of the drill three foot and begin to take some subsoil sampling . Taylor begin to examine the content of the three rucksack . landon sit down on the beach . , hand around he knee , gaze moodily at the sink spaceship . during this and succeed scene we sense that dodge 's obsession with scientific inquiry leave he immune to fear : landon be possibly more courageous and certainly more " human , " for he have many fear to control : while Taylor -- detach , cool and misanthropic -- be something of a enigma . taylor ( call dodge ) get you sensor ? dodge yo ! taylor geiger counter ? dodge yo ! taylor ( take inventory ) one pistol ... twenty - four round of ammo . two medical kit .. one camera ... one tx9 . ( loudly to the other ) we have enough food and water for three day . dodge but how long be a day ? taylor good question . ( turn ) landon -- check you communication kit . 39 another angle - favoring landon he seem not to have hear . taylor ( sharply ) landon ! join the expedition . landon ( rise ) sorry ... ( crossing to he kit ) I be think of Stewart . what d' you suppose happen ? taylor ( flatly ) Air leak . die in she sleep . landon you do not seem very cut up about it . taylor it 's a little late for a wake . she 's be dead nearly a year . landon then we have be away from Earth for eighteen month . taylor by we time . ( smile at landon ) you have turn gray . landon involuntarily touch the gray hair of he temple as Taylor add lightly : taylor apart from that , you look pretty chipper for a man who 's two thousand and thirty one year old . ( casually ) I read the clock . they bear out hasslein 's hypothesis . we have be away from Earth for two thousand year , give or take a decade . ( pause ) still can not accept it , huh ? landon long pause ) you know it . taylor because time have wipe out everyone and everything you care for -- they be dust . landon prove it . if we can not get back , it 's still just a theory . taylor it 's a fact , landon . buy it . you will sleep better . dodge enter scene . a handful of reddish sand dribble through he finger . dodge nothing will grow here .... there 's just a trace of hydrocarbon , and most of the nitrogen be lock into nitrate . taylor any sign of dangerous ionization ? dodge no . taylor ( rise ) okay . if there 's no life here , we have get just seventy - two hour to find it . that 's when the grocery run out . he pick up one of the rucksack and put it on . the other follow suit . dodge which direction ? taylor ( decisively , point west ) that way . dodge any particular reason ? taylor none at all . he move out . dodge follow . camera pan with they . they have go only a few pace when Taylor look back over he shoulder and halt . 40 reverse angle - featuring landon landon be squatting in the sand , stick something into the soil . it be a small american flag , the size of a handkerchief . 41 reverse angle - featuring taylor and dodge mirth bubbles up in Taylor 's throat . he explode with wild laughter . he be still laugh as they move out . dissolve to : 41-a dawn shot ( gunsight loc # 43 ) 42 the astronaut ' trek they descend from the plateau ( ochre dune ) 43 astronaut continue MARCH , across the top of the hill there suddenly run a line of fire ( Black dune ) . 44 they move across the terrain jag bolt of lightning flash across the sky , but bring , no rain , and thunder clap sound like heavy artillery . ( Gray Area ) 45 - out 58 quick dissolve to : 59 another part of the canyon ( ochre dune area ) - group shot - day several huge boulder be dislodge , and the three astronaut run . wildly to escape the fall rock . when the avalanche end , they sprawl on the lifeless sand , breathe heavily and drench with sweat , surround by enormous boulder . Taylor look about he . taylor everybody all right ? murmur of assent from dodge and landon . Taylor rummages through a limp rucksack , come up with some empty food carton , rummages again , come up with a cigar butt . taylor Water check . dodge take a plastic canteen from another rucksack and inspect it . dodge eight ounce . dodge lie back and look up at the sky . dodge it do not add up . there 's a mantle of dust around this planet and yet it 's as humid as a jungle . Thunder and lightning and yet no rain . cloud cover every night and that strange luminosity , and yet no moon . landon also look up at the sky . landon if only we could get a fix . taylor ( needle he ) what would you learn ? I have tell you where you be and when you be . dodge ( gently ) Taylor -- quit riding he . taylor ( harshly , to landon ) you be more than three hundred light year from you precious planet . you love one have be dead and forget for twenty century . even if you could get back , they would think you be something that fall out of a tree . landon ( wearily ) all right -- taylor there 's only one reality leave . we be here and it 's now . you get ahold of that and hang on tight , or you might as well be dead . landon ( quietly ) I be prepare to die . Taylor turn to dodge , throw up he hand . taylor he 's prepare to die ! do not that make you misty ? chalk up another victory for the human spirit ! dodge rise and move off , o.s. , either embarrassed by this colloquy or unwilling to hear it again . Taylor , cigar clamp between he tooth , spin toward landon . taylor straighten I out on something . why do you come along at all ? you volunteer . why ? ( a beat ; no answer ) I will tell you . they nominate you for the Big one and you could not turn it down . not without lose you all - american stand landon ( hard ) climb off I , will you ! taylor and the glory , do not forget that . there 's a life-size bronze statue of you somewhere . it 's probably turn green by now , and nobody can read the name plate . but never let it be say we forget we heroes . landon Taylor . I be tell you -- taylor oh , and one last item . immortality . you want to go on forever . ( pause ) well , you damn near make it . except for dodge and I , you have live longer than anybody . and with Stewart dead , it look like we be the last of the strain . you get what you want , kid . how do it taste ? silence . Taylor lie down , spend of he venom , pillowing he head on a rucksack . landon ( softly ) okay . you read I well enough . why can not I read you ? taylor do not bother landon ( look off ) dodge ... he 's not like I at all . but he make sense . held walk naked into a live volcano if he think he could learn something no other man know . I understand why he 's here . but you ... you be no seeker . you be negative . taylor but I be not prepare to die . landon ( heatedly ) I would like to know why not . you think life on Earth be meaningless . you despise people . so what do you do ? you run away . Taylor 's eye be close . he be silent for a moment . when he speak , he tone be soft , reflective . taylor no , not quite , landon . I be a bit of a seeker myself . but my dream be a lot emptier than yours . ( pause ) I can not get rid of the idea that somewhere in the Universe there must be a creature superior to man . 60 another angle - featuring dodge who have be wander around , study the boulder and the barren soil . Taylor and landon can be see in b.g . dodge spot something and squat down to examine it . 61 closeup - what dodge sees : it be a tiny desert flower , no more than a inch high . 62 closeup - dodge his eye light up as he call : dodge Taylor ! over here ! 63 close . group shot - angling down as Taylor and landon hurry over and kneel down on either side of dodge . the astronaut hover over the tiny flower like three magi perceive the infant deliverer . dodge life . he dig gently around the root of the plant with a small instrument . dodge where there 's one there 's another . and another . and another . taylor let 's find they all . 63-a sunset shot 64 end of the trek as the astronaut start from the canyon to the tamarisk area absolute desolation ( ochre Area ) . the astronaut start down the canyon . 65 astronaut cast huge shadow as they move across the terrain ( top of crazy Canyon ) . 65-a jump shot as they jump across a gap . Thunder and lightning again ( top of crazy Canyon ) . 65-b they move down they march across crazy Canyon overlook . 65-c reaction shot of astronaut 66 - a-r series of shot of descent of astronaut down sheer face of a canyon ( Wire grass Canyon ) . for a brief moment several " creature " appear . we cannot identify the species . quick dissolve t0 : 67 ext . a dry wash - close group shot - day bloom tamarisk border a. dry stream bed . Taylor and landon hover over dodge , who be probing the soil with he drill . they dungaree and face be cake with dust . dodge it 's a stream bed. , no doubt about it -- but bone dry . landon strighten up and look off , startle by something he see . landon look . . . 68 long shot - a cliff beyond the tamarisks with the astronaut in f.g . in the distance , on the skyline , we can make out a long row of wooden cross . some animal or vegetable matter appear to be tie to the cross . landon scarecrow ? taylor let 's take a look . Taylor plunge into the thicket of tamarisk , follow by dodge and landon . they view of the cliff be momentarily obscure . camera hold on the distant cross . for a instant only , three " creature " again appear on the skyline near the cross . then they vanish . 69 reverse angle - the astronaut as they emerge from the tamarisk thicket - nearer to the base of the- cliff . they halt and look up at : 70 the cross - angling up - from astronaut p.o.v . we can now see the pelt of unrecognizable animal have be bound to the cross and , thus mount in a long row , seem to make a boundary or serve as a warning . the live biped be no longer visible . 71 back to the astronaut dodge and landon be still look up at the strange cross , but Taylor be scan the terrain at the base of the cliff . the sound of rush water can be hear . taylor ( half to himself ) never mind the scarecrow . he break into a run , camera panning with he as he move toward a declivity in the face of the cliff . 72 moving shot - dodge and landon agonize with thirst , they follow Taylor . 73 flash shot - the top of the cliff for a instant we see the biped again , move in the same direction . 74 ext . a declivity in the cliff - featuring taylor he scramble up a rock -strewn gorge and look off at the terrain beyond . 75 ext . a waterfall - from taylor be p.o.v. the cascade be not spectacular , but the vegetation around it be startlingly lush . ( this location be not at Lake Powell , but at the ranch ) . 76 closeup - taylor his parched lip break into a smile . quick dissolve to : 77 ext . waterfall and pool - full shot - day the cascade have form a cool and invite pool . thick foliage grow to its very edge . dodge be on he hand and knee , testing the liquid with he kit . the other wait expectantly . dodge it 's load with mineral , but safe . without further ado landon duck he face into the pool . dodge scoops up water in he hand and drink . Taylor follow suit . landon ( come up for air ) can we take a dip ? taylor ( look around ) okay . landon and dodge immediately remove they boot , strip down and plunge into the pool . but Taylor do not yet disrobe . alert and curious , he stroll along the bank of the pool , look around . 78 dodge and landon swimmng 79 taylor as he briefly look around , then start take off he shirt . 80 dodge and landon as they arrive at opposite shore . 81 mo . shot - far side of pool as landon see something on shore . 82 taylor in water as he swim across . landon' voice ( o.s. ) hey , Taylor ! look at this -- dodge and Taylor climb out of the pool and squat beside landon . 83 close shot - what they see : the print of a large five - toad foot be clearly visible in the wet sand . 84 group shot - the three astronaut Taylor rise and walk slowly toward the underbrush , scan the ground for other sport . CUT to : 85 the other side of the pool - full panning shot we view of the astronaut beyond the cascade in b.g. be partially obscure by broad - leaf foliage directly in front of camera , which pan slowly away from the waterfall and hold on the astronaut ' clothing at the edge of the pool . suddenly and inexplicably a pair of dungaree slither away into the underbrush . a few second pass . now a pair of bronze and brawny shoulder fill the screen , block we view . 86 reverse angle - close on a human face in heavy foliage or be it human ? the hair be matte , the face bearded , the jaw prognathous , the orbital rim prominent . 87 another angle - at edge of pool a brown thick - finger hand appear from behind heavy foliage and pluck at a boot . the boot vanish . 88 back to the astronaut - on other side of pool dodge be stand near Taylor and look back at the spot where they leave they clothing . suddenly he seize Taylor 's arm and point silently at the far bank of the pool . 89 what they see : another pair of dungaree slither into the underbrush and disappear . 90 reverse angle - full panning shot - the astronaut led by Taylor , they dive back into the pool and swim to the other bank . emerging from the water , they look around in bewilderment . Taylor make hand signal to indicate absolute silence and a reconnaissance . the three astronaut fan out and move cautiously into the jungle ( or rain forest ) . 91 - 93 ext . - jungle ( or rain forest ) - several shot - moving with the astronaut be Little sunlight penetrate this dense vegetation . this shot be intercut with : 94 what the astronaut see : fleeting form as yet unidentified ; tremble foliage ; brown shadow against a green backdrop . 95 ext . a SMALL clearing - favoring the three astronaut who stop at the edge of the clear , startle by 96 what they see : a number of primitive biped , male and female , scarcely visible behind tree and bush on the other side of the clear -- here a face , there a portion of a head and torso . throughout this sequence , the primitive be never see clearly or at close range . 97 back to the ast40 ionaut reacting . they speak in whisper . landon my god.. they look almost human . dodge they -- there 's a herd of they . taylor show they we be friendly . camera pull back as Taylor advance a few step into the clear , extend he empty hand and beam like a politician . taylor ( warmly ) greeting ! 98 reverse - the strange creature - from taylor be p.o.v . there be perhaps a dozen of they . they shrink back as Taylor advance -- hostile , frighten or both . we now see that some of they be clutching article of the astronaut ' clothing and equipment . Taylor stop , stare at they glumly . taylor no cigar . landon try tell they we name . Taylor grimace at landon . taylor well , if we be look for a icebreaker ... ( turn to the creature ) listen , folk ..... more shrink back by the frighten primitive . dodge ( softly ) I be afraid they be not have any . 99 - out 102 103 - a series of flash shot - the jungle ( or rain forest ) : 105 a pistol go off with a deafen crash , and the primitive creature scatter in panicky flight . after a while , quiet return to the jungle . 106 ext . a jungle path - the astronaut they examine the remnant of they clothing and equipment and start to don whatever be able to be wear . Taylor put on what remain of a rip pair of trousers ; dodge start to improvise from the remnant of the kit ( it be a tear shelter half ) . landon , like Taylor , have the remain of he pants . dodge they do not leave much do they ? landon shall we follow they ? taylor have not much choice . as they walk off down the jungle path . dissolve to : 107 ext . a grove of fruit tree - establishing shot - day this need not be a cultivate grove . a few tree ( peach or apricot or avocado , it matter not ) grow wild in a pleasant glade . nor be the grove extensive . the three astronaut sit under a tree in f.g. ; the primitive sit under a clump , of tree some fifty yard away . each camp be feed and warily watch the other . in the distance beyond the fruit tree be a open grassy plain or cultivate field . 108 the primitive - from landon be p.o.v. they too be sit under tree , munch fruit . there be no more than a dozen altogether . 109 back to astronaut - close group shot taylor well , at least they have not try to bite we . dodge bless be the vegetarian . 110 the other camp - featuring a young woman squatte on she haunch , eat fruit , gaze back at Taylor . her hair be long and black , she skin nut brown , she face hauntingly lovely and hauntingly stupid . this be nova . 111 back to astronaut landon look o.s. at the primitive . landon we get off at the wrong stop . taylor you be we optimist look at the bright side . if that 's the best there be around here , in six month we will be run this planet . dodge ( suddenly ) look ... 112 the primitive - there p.o.v. they appear to be agitate although neither we nor the astronaut have yet hear or see any cause for alarm . the primitive get to they foot , sniff , listen 113 close group shot - the astronaut puzzle and alarmed by the primitive ' behavior , they too get to they foot . landon think they will attack we ? Taylor turn , look back at : 114 the distant jungle ( or forest ) from which they recently emerge . there be no sign of life . 115 long panning shot - the primitive they suddenly run laterally across the grove , head back toward they jungle . a rumble become audible it be the SOUND of hoofbeat . 116 very long shot - the jungle ( or forest ) twelve " horseman " suddenly emerge from the tree , riding abreast at a canter , like a squadron of cavalry about to charge . the horse look huge . so do the rider , but at this distance we cannot identify they . 117 long panning shot - the primitive cut off from they natural habitat , they reverse direction and flee toward the tall grasses of the savanna ( or cultivate field ) . 118 long shot - the rider with a exultant battle cry they break into a gallop . the hunt be on . 119 close group shot - the three astronaut stupefy , freeze in place . 120 long shot - the rider come closer . we hear a rifle shot , then a flurry of shot . 121 mo . shot . a bullet spanks into the fruit tree above they head . they run , camera panning with they as they race toward the tall grass in deep b.g . 122 - a series of flash shot - the hunt in the savanna 124 as the " horseman " close in on the creature flee on foot . 125 mo . close shot - a rider he rein in , raise he rifle and fire . for the first time , we se that he be a gorilla . he wear a simple quasi-military uniform -- tunic , trousers and boot . 126 flash shot - dodge running through the high grass . he be shot in the back and fall . 127 flash shot - taylor he drop at the side of he fall comrade . 128 close two shot - angling down on dodge as Taylor roll he over . dodge be dead . 129 wider angle shot - the savanna - featuring a line of beater the beater be all gorillas . they carry long stick and net , and they task be to flush out the terrify primitive cower in the tall grass . 130 - a series of shot - the hunter and the hunted : 135 ( a ) landon flee from one rider only to be cut off by another . he stumble and a rear stallion trample he . ( b) a third mount gorilla fling a net over a run female . she be hopelessly entangle . this be nova . ( c ) landon lie unconscious on the grassy plain , a ugly gash on he forehead . ( d) Taylor crawl through the tall grass on he hand and knee . a rider cross he path without see he . ( e ) the beater close in on Taylor , block he escape route . ( for ) Taylor change direction and decide to run for it . 136 ext , savanna - panning with taylor bent low , he flee through the tall grass . a shot ring out . Taylor fall . 137 close on taylor lying on he back . his finger go to he throat . blood appear between he finger . he open he mouth in pain , but no sound come forth , as Taylor sink into unconsciousness . dissolve to : 138 ext . grove - full shot - the hunter - day the hunt party have reassemble here beneath the fruit tree . some of the gorilla have dismounted ; other be still on horseback . in the middle distance be a crude horse - draw wagon . the side and top of the wagon form a wire cage . Three captive male and one female be visible within the cage . dodge and landon be nowhere to be see . two gorilla porter enter scene , drag a male human corpse by the ankle , as two other bearer enter scene with a live burden on a long carry pole . Taylor dangle from the pole , hold aloft by the bond around he wrist and ankle . camera pan with the two gorilla as they dump Taylor into the wagon and close the tail gate . 139 - out 140 141 close on taylor - within wagon cage his throat be smear with blood . his eyelid flutter as he regains consciousness . 142 close shot - what taylor sees : Three primitive male bound hand and foot . they seem docile in captivity . the female , nova , clasp bound wrist around she bound ankle and gaze blankly at Taylor . there be a jolt of movement as the wagon get underway 143 close on taylor with a great effort he raise himself on one elbow and look out from the cage . 144 trucking with the wagon - what taylor sees : a gorilla hunter stand over a dead man , one foot plant he chest of he kill and he rifle butt rest on the on abdomen . facing he be another gorilla with a old - fashioned camera on a tripod . ape photographer smile . the hunter bare he tooth . 145 close on taylor he faint . fade out fade in 146 int . a surgery - angling down on two operating table night the surgery be dimly - light . ( if possible we should be unaware of the source of illumination . ) Taylor lie strapped to the nearer table . he appear to be unconscious . the young female captive , nova , be strapped to the table beside he . she be conscious . Taylor be receive a direct blood transfusion from she . hover over Taylor be a nurse and a surgeon name galen . both be chimpanzee . Galen wear a bloody surgical apron , the nurse a white smock . Galen be remove a filthy bandage from Taylor 's neck . a door behind they open and dr . zira , a animal psychologist , enter . she , too , be a chimpanzee and wear a smock like the nurse 's . zira which one be wear the strange clothes ? galen him . Zira look down at Taylor . zira will he live ? galen ( irritably ) I do not know . this beast lose a lot of blood . Galen paw through a tray of surgical instrument . the equipment be obsolescent and the room untidy -- like that of a callous small - town veterinarian . galen ( to nurse ) there 's no probe here . find one ! nurse yes , sir . she exit . Zira run a forefinger across a dusty table . her voice be soft and well - modulate . zira this place be dirty , doctor . galen ( defensively ) this animal be dirty , doctor . they stink , and they carry communicable disease . why be not they clean up before they be bring here ? 147 close two shot - taylor and nova his eye come open . over this we hear : zira's voice ( o.s . ) you do not sound happy in you work . galen' voice ( o.s. ) I be nothing more than a vet in this laboratory ... Taylor feebly turn he head and look at nova . she return he gaze with a unchange empty stare . we sense that Taylor realize she blood be flow into he vein . over this we hear : galen' voice ( o.s . ) you promise to speak to Dr. Zaius about I . zira's voice ( o.s. ) I do . but you know how he look down he nose at chimpanzee . Taylor roll he eye toward the ape . weak as he be , we see he astonishment at hearing they talk . 148 back to group around operating table as the nurse reenter with a probe and hand it to Dr. Galen , who protest to Zira : galen but the quota system 's be abolish ! you make it . why can not I ? zira what do you mean , make it ? I be a animal psychologist , that 's all . we do not have any authority . galen you do pretty well when it come to get space and equipment . zira that 's because Dr. Zaius realize we work have value . galen hmph . zira the foundation of scientific brain surgery be be laid right here - in study of cerebral function in this animal . galen they be still dirty . and they bite be septic . look at that ... he show Zira infect tooth mark on the back of he leave hand . galen ( to nurse ) hold he head . the nurse comply , grip Taylor 's skull with both hand . Galen lean down and begin to probe the throat wound . Taylor pass out . dissolve to : 149 int . a row of cage - animal laboratory - tracking shot day the cage be no larger than small jail cell . there be four of they . bar , not wall , divide the cage , so that all four be visible . each of the first three cage be occupy by a primitive male . at the moment the first two be quiet -- doze or scratch apathetically . the third occupant be stolidly regard a half - dozen brightly color hollow wooden box , or block , of vary size and proportion on the floor of he cage . he be try to stack the box in such a way as to reach a banana dangle from a cord twelve foot overhead . he have correctly select the first two large , sturdy block for he tower under the banana -- but the tall third block be too unstable on its small base to support the broad - base fourth block . 149-a close - taylor Taylor , look much stronger , sit on a pile of dirty straw in the fourth cage . there be a clean bandage around he throat . he watch the block -build primitive with contemptous amusement . both the third and fourth block tumble to the floor when the primitive try to mount he tower . he stand there , stare dully at the scattered block , then up at the unattainable banana . 149 -b mo . - the laboratory a door at the end of the aisle open and a gorilla name julius enter , dress in a keeper 's uniform . he quickly close the door , snatch up a broom , start sweeping . julius be obviously late for work . Taylor struggle to he foot , move to the bar of the cage , try to call out . taylor ( soundlessly ) hey ! hey ! the three other primitive move toward the bar of they cage . julius bark at they . julius simmer down ! ( point at Taylor ) you especially . the third primitive go back to stack he block . julius come up to Taylor 's cage , indicate a like set of block strewn across its floor , extend he broom handle to whack the banana overhead . julius better give it a try , stupid . unless you like go hungry . he return to he sweeping . Taylor glower at he . a moment later , the door at the end of the aisle open and Dr. Zira enter . julius good morning , Dr. Zira . zira good morning , julius . how 's we patient today ? julius no change . the minute you open the door , he go into he act . she start down the aisle toward Taylor 's cage . he grasp the bar , await she anxiously . as she pass the second cage , the primitive in it shake the bar , jump up and down . his tongue be hang out . Zira smile , stop , dig into the pocket of she smock . zira ( playfully ) well , what do we want this morning ? do we want something ? speak ! come on , speak ! the primitive continue to jump up and down energetically . Zira take a cube of sugar from she pocket , hold it up for he inspection . zira do we want some sugar , old - timer ? the man eagerly stick he hand through the bar . she drop the cube in he hand . he jam it into he mouth . julius ( concerned ) you could get hurt do that , Doctor . zira do not be silly . he 's perfectly tame . she move toward Taylor 's cage , julius behind she . julius they be all tame until they take a chunk out of you . 150 close shot - featuring taylor - zira and julius Taylor start to open he mouth as Zira come up to the bar . zira well , Bright eye , be we throat feel better ? taylor ( frantic mouth ) listen , listen -- I can speak -- he wince , put he hand to the bandage . zira ( sympathetically ) awww , it still hurt , do not it ? julius see ? he keep pretend he can talk . Taylor glare at julius , slam the bar . taylor ( mouth ) I be not pretend ! I can talk ! Zira hurriedly take a pen and notebook from the breast docket of she smock , start to scribble . zira ( excitedly ) do you see that ? it 's remarkable ! julius huh ? zira he 's try to form word . julius well , you know what they say . human see , human do . Taylor be stare in silent fascination at the open and notebook . he stop mouth , point at they . julius now what ? Taylor gesture for Zira to come closer to the bar . zira he seem to want something . she advance tentatively toward the cage . julius I would be careful , doctor . Taylor suddenly reach through the bar , try to snatch the pen and notebook from Zira . julius instantly jab he broom handle through the bar , hit Taylor in the rib . julius what do I tell you ! ( to Taylor ) try that again , I will break you arm ! Zira draw back , look at Taylor in surprise . 151 closer - taylor his face be twisted in frustration . taylor ( mouth ) what 's the matter with you ? I can talk ! can not you see that ? over this a door be hear open o.s. , and julius ' voice , nervous , deferential : julius ' voice ( o.s. ) good morning , you excellency . Taylor look o.s . 152 - out 160 161 boom shot - the three ape - from taylor be p.o.v. julius and Zira cross to a stout , impose orangutan who have just enter the laboratory . julius bow to he . this be dr . zaius . like the other ape , he wear a simple tunic and trousers , but he garment be of a costlier material , and several decoration be woven into the sash of he tunic . zira ( bubbling ) Dr. Zaius , I be so glad you could come . he 's over here . Zaius cross with they to Taylor 's cage . beneath he austere manner , we sense tension , worry . Zira look up at Taylor , she tone a appeal . zira Bright eye , show he ! go ahead ! do you trick ! Taylor just glare at she . zira speak ! go on . speak again . taylor ( silent mouth ) my - name - be not - Bright eye it 's Taylor ! zira there ! can you believe it ? I look like he 's talk . zaius ( evenly ) yes , amusing . a man who act like a ape . Taylor turn to Zaius . taylor ( silent mouth ) I be not act ! I can talk ! how much proof do you want ? zira ( thunderstruck ) Dr. Zaius , I could have swear he be answer you ! zaius ( nodd , but unmove ) he show a definite gift for mimicry . Zira wiggle she finger excitedly . zira I wonder how hold score on a hopkins manual dexterity test ? Zaius ' voice be quiet , but there be steel in it . zaius a animal ? julius look ! Taylor be frantically wiggling he finger . zira he 's move he finger ! zaius of course . he see you move yours . zira but perhaps he understand -- 161-a close - taylor he be plead silently as Zaius ' voice be hear over the shot . zaius ' voice ( o.s. , hard ) man have no understanding , Dr. Zira . he can be teach a few simple trick . nothing more . zira's voice ( o.s. ) I beg to disagree . accord to my exper - iment -- 161-b close - zaius a warning burn out of he eye as he stare at Taylor . zaius a word to the wise , Dr. Zira . experimental brain surgery on this creature be one thing . I be all for it . 161-c closer - taylor fear cloud he eye . abruptly , he stop move he lip . 161-D mo . the group Zaius see the effect he word have have on Taylor . he turn to Zira , go on in a more detach tone . zaius but you behavioral study be another matter entirely . to suggest that we can learn something about simian nature from a study of man be nonsense . besides , man be a nuisance . they outgrow they own food supply in the forest and migrate to we green belt and ravage we crop . ( look casually at Taylor ) the sooner they be exterminate , the better . he turn toward the door . a disappointed Zira follow he . Zaius look back at Taylor just before go out . zaius it 's a question of simian survival . 161-e close - taylor he stare after Zaius , than look away , slump to the floor . a pause , then a voice be hear . ape guard be this the one you want , Doctor ? zira's voice ( o.s . ) yes , thank you . ( pause , she voice much closer ) Bright eye ? Taylor look up . zira's voice ( o.s. ) I have get a present for you . 161-f another angle - the cage stand outside the cage , hold on a leash by a ape guard be nova . she look at Taylor without expression . Zira gesture at julius . zira put she in with he . julius unlock the cage door - , lead nova inside , remove she leash and collar . Taylor have get to he foot . julius go out , lock the door behind he . nova hesitates , then slowly reach out , take Taylor 's hand . Zira beam at they . 162 - out 169 dissolve to : 170 ext .- exercise yard - animal compound - establishing shot day it be nothing elaborate , a wire fence enclose a dirt yard . this compound be situate on the outskirt of apetown and the town be visible in the distance . there be about a dozen adult human captive within the enclosure , no more than a third of they female . some of they trudge around the dusty yard like convict in a penitentiary . other squat against the sun - drench wall . a big male suddenly run to the fence and try to climb it . several guide , armed with whip and torch , immediately close in on he . the primitive recoil in fear from a fiery torch and rejoin the captive ' circle . 171 closer angle - the yard - featuring taylor he plod sullenly back and forth across the rear of the yard , occasionally glance off toward the approach to the compound . nova be at he heel . he ignore she . once again he look off , stop suddenly . nova bump into he . he turn , impatiently shoos she away , then look o.s. , again . 172 zira and companion - taylor be p.o.v. Zira can be see approach with a young chimpanzee , dr . cornelius . he wear a simple smock over he tunic and trousers . cornelius glance surreptitiously around , covertly take Zira 's hand . cornelius do you have to work tonight ? zira no . cornelius neither do I . he give she a quick peck on the cheek . 173 closer - taylor he drift toward the fence , nova behind he . 174 mo . shot - zira and cornelius they come up to the fence . Zira nod toward Taylor . zira that 's Bright eye . the one I be tell you about . cornelius what 's so special about he ? zira watch . ( to Taylor ) hello , Bright eye . how 's we throat today ? Taylor stare at she impassively , then look around to a that no guard be watch , hunker down , begin to scratch in the dust . nova extend unclean finger to touch the bandage on he throat . Taylor flinch , push she hand away . nova touch a bluish bruise on the inside of she own forearm , then search for a similar bruise on Taylor 's forearm . zira ( excited ) look -- she remember . cornelius remember what ? zira the blood transfusion . cornelius ( peeve ) Zira , come on . you know they can not -- ( he stop , look off ) oh oh . here come number one . Taylor look up and o.s. , quickly rise . 175 another angle - the yard - featuring dr . zaius who be approach the two scientist from deep b.g. Zaius be follow by a huge and much decorate gorilla whom we recognize as the leader of the hunt Club . zira ( in a whisper , to cornelius ) something 's bother he . he 's be pry around the lab for the last two day ... zira ( as Zaius come nearer ) good morning , Dr. Zaius . you know Dr. cornelius , my fiance . cornelius bow respectfully . Zaius be patronizingly polite . zaius oh , yes -- the young ape with a shovel . I hear you be plan another archeological expedition . a-175 mo . shot - taylor he have step back from the mark he make in the -dust , be watch Zaius with concern . cornelius ' voice ( o.s . ) yes , sir . if the academy agree . zaius ' voice ( o.s . ) the project will require my support , of course . 176 mo . close shot - angling down on taylor and nova a primitive male squat down to see what Taylor have mark on the ground . in letter a foot high he have write : I can write nova , at once petulant and playful , erase the write with a bare foot . Taylor angrily fling she aside . this violence provoke the primitive male , who snarl at Taylor and cuff he . over this we hear from a distance : cornelius ' voice ( o.s. ) I hope I can count on it , sir . zaius ' voice ( o.s ) a friendly warning , cornelius -- when you be digging for artifact , do not bury you reputation . Taylor slug the snarling male , who wade in , try to bite he . a voice ( o.s. ) Guards ! 177 wider angle - the fight two gorilla guard rush in to break up the fight . one of they lash out with he whip . the other poke he torch at Taylor . its flame brushes he arm . Taylor open he mouth , give a silent yell of pain , shrink back . Zira run to the fence . zira ( to guard ) stop ! you have hurt he ! take they inside ! prodd the malcreant with they torch , the two guard herd they toward a doorway in the wall . Zira hurry around the side of the fence and o.s . 178 mo . shot - zaius , cornelius , hunt club leader zaius cornelius , if you have a moment today , I would like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail . cornelius ( eagerly ) certainly , sir . I will get my note and come right over . he exit hurriedly . the hunt Club leader turn to Zaius . hunt club leader I do not understand this animal psychologist . what 's Dr. Zira try to prove ? zaius that man can be domesticate . the hunter guffaw . Zaius turn away and look down at : 179 the dust underfoot just beyond the fence we can make out the letter : I can Zaius ' extend foot appear beneath the bottom wire of the fence . the foot wipe out the letter . 180 closeup - zaius his face be a mask . 181 int . taylor be cage - mo . shot - day he be slump against the bar of the cell , gingerly touch a large , redden blotch on he arm . julius watch he uncertainly from a few yard away . in the b.g. , the outside door open and Zira rush in , hurry down the aisle . julius what happen ? zira that fool and they torch ! do you have any ointment ? julius I will see . he move to a cabinet at the other end of the laboratory , rummages through some drawer . 182 mo . shot - zira - from taylor be p.o.v. Zira come up to Taylor 's cage , study he solicitously . zira I be sorry , Bright eye . 183 another angle - to include taylor he look steadily at Zira , who be only a arm 's length away . camera move in on they . suddenly Taylor reach out , snatching the pen and notebook from the pocket of she smock . Zira leap back with a cry . julius grab a club , race up to the cage , unlock the door . julius I tell you what you would get ! 184 wider angle - to include they all Taylor be scribbling furiously on a sheet of note paper . the guard move in , he club upraise . zira ( plead ) julius , do not . it do not matter . julius swing he -club at Taylor 's head . Taylor lift he right arm to ward off the blow , and the stick strike he sharply on the hand . he drop the pen and notebook . the guard swing again , drive Taylor to the wall . then julius retrieve the steal article . 185 another angle - favoring zira the guard return she pen and notebook with the comment : julius Natural bear thief , be not they ? Zira glance at the notebook . her face cloud . 186 insert - what she read : a hasty , almost illegible scrawl : my name be taylor . 187 closeup - zira her eye afire with a wild surmise . 188 two shot - zira and julius her eye never leave Taylor as she tell the guard : zira get I a collar and leash . I be take he to the infirmary . julius he 's vicious , Doctor . besides , it 's against the rule . zira do as I say . the guard shrug and move off 0.3 . Zira beckon to Taylor . he come forward to the bar of the cage . zira ( sotto voce ) you would not hurt I , would you ... Taylor ? 189 int . dr . cornelius ' office - establishing shot - day the office be simple , almost spartan . there be book but no bric -a - brac ; several paint portrait of great ape but no tape recorder or other modern office equipment . Taylor sit at a desk , scribbling furiously on a sheet of paper . his leash have be remove , but not he collar . Zira stand at he elbow . cornelius pace nervously up and down , read a sheaf of note Taylor have already write . cornelius ( stubbornly ) it 's a stunt . human do not write . zira dear , you be a scientist . do not you believe you own eye ? cornelius ( to Taylor ) where do you learn to do this ? 190 another angle - the office Taylor scribbles something on a small desk pad , rip off the page , hand it to cornelius . cornelius jefferson Public School , Fort Wayne , Indiana ? he look at Taylor narrowly . Taylor nod . cornelius ( sardonically ) back on that planet you say you come from ? ( Taylor nod again ) um-hm. ( to Zira ) he may be intelligent , but he 's also mad . Taylor scribbles something else on the pad , hand it to Zira , point at cornelius . zira ( read aloud ) ' and you be a fool ' . she smile . cornelius bristle . cornelius now , just a minute -- zira oh , cornelius , be quiet . Taylor have resume write . he hand the sheet to Zira , who read aloud . zira ' dodge be kill in the hunt . what happen to landon ? ' ( look at Taylor ) I do not know . cornelius ( scornfully ) and they fall out of the sky with you ? Taylor write quickly , hand the note to Zira . zira ( read ) ' not fall -- fly ! ' Taylor impatiently begin to fold a sheet of paper . cornelius Flight be a scientific impossibility . zira and even if it be not , why fly ? where would it get you ? Taylor point to the floor and mouth the word " here . " he fling the paper plane he have just fashioned into the air . it describe a graceful arc around the room and land at the foot of cornelius , who slowly pick it up , then exchange a long glance with Zira . cornelius ( softly ) well , now ... Taylor scribbles on a piece of paper , hand it to Zira . zira ( read ) ' do you have map ? ' cornelius put the paper plane on he desk , cross to a wall map design like a window shade . he pull it down Taylor and Zira join he at the map . 191 close on map it 's not a map of the whole planet , of course , but only of that portion know to the ape . therefore it have the antique and fragmentary aspect of a map draw by some babylonian cartographer . a swatch of blue at the right margin indicate a sea . in the southwest quadrant be the " greenbelt " of the ape civilization , look on the map like jade stone strung on crescent - shape necklace . rubyidots in the lade indicate ape community . the northwest quadrant , color brown , be apparently uninhabited . East of the green belt be a patch of green savanna , and next to it the darker green of a jungle . the eastern quadrant be render in yellow , and except for a blue lake , appear to be lifeless desert and barren mountain . this area be mark forbidden zone . use a pointer , cornelius orient Taylor , indicate a red dot in the middle of the green belt . cornelius we be here ... ( move pointer ) you be capture about here . Taylor study the map , then point at the lake in the eastern desert , he go into a brief charade , dramatize the astronaut ' landing and trek . zira ( interprete he movement ) you fall in the water here ? ... you come ashore ... you march across the desert ... the mountain ... many day and night ... and reach the jungle . Taylor nod , smile gratefully . cornelius ( flatly ) out - of - the - question !. Taylor slam he fist against the wall in frustration . zira ( annoyed ) cornelius , why do you insist on provoking he ? cornelius ( tapping map ) no creature can survive in that part of the forbidden Zone . I have be there . I have see it . 192 wider angle - the threesome Taylor stride to the desk , write something , hand it to Zira . zira ( read ) ' then how do you account for I ? , cornelius I do not . and I be not go to try . zira but what about you theory ? the existence of someone like Taylor might prove it . cornelius ( shushing she ) Zira , be you try to get my head cut off ? zira do not be foolish . if it 's true , they will have to accept it . cornelius no , they will not - Taylor touch Zira on the arm , make a gesture of inquiry . zira cornelius have develop a brilliant hypothesis - cornelius ( quickly ) it 's probably wrong -- zira -- that the ape evolve from a lower order of primate , possibly man . in he trip to the forbidden Zone he discover trace of a culture older than record time - cornelius the evidence be very meager -- zira you do not think so then . cornelius that be before Dr. Zaius and half the Academy say the idea be heresy . zira how can scientific truth be heresy ? what if Taylor be exactly the proof you need ? a mutation . a miss link between the unevolve primate and the ape - Taylor bang he fist on the desk , mouth the word " no ! " scribbles something on a piece of paper . cornelius he 's touchy , be not he ? Taylor thrust the sheet at Zira , who read it aloud . zira ' I be not a miss link . ' cornelius because if he be a miss link , it mean the Sacred scroll be not worth they parchment . zira well , maybe they be not . cornelius no , thank you ' . I will not get into that battle . zira oh , cornelius , show some strength ! cornelius Zira , listen to I . we have get a fine future ahead of we . Marriage . stimulate career . I be up for a raise -- at that moment there be a. loud rap at the door o.s . all turn . 193 reverse angle - to include the door Dr. Zaius enter with another portly figure , dr . maximus . like Zaius . , maximus be a orangutan . cornelius ( flustered ) Dr. Zaius -- zaius ( not unkindly ) do you forget we appointment , cornelius ? cornelius oh. , no. , sir . I be just assemble my note . zaius you know Dr. maximus , we commissioner for Animal affair ? cornelius certainly , sir . it 's a pleasure to see you again . he hurry to he desk , start gather papers . maximus note Taylor with distaste . maximus what be that ? zira a man , Dr. maximus . maximus I know it 's a man . and you know the rule . no animal outside the compound , and most certainly not without a leash . 194 another angle - the office - favoring zaius during the ensue exchange , Zaius wander idly through the office . he glance at the scattered handwritten note , but do not read they . meanwhile a rattle Zira reply to maximus . zira yes , sir. but this -- creature be a special case . maximus why special ? zira we be -- conduct a new experiment . zaius would not it more properly be do in you office ? zira yes , sir. maximus ( call ) Guards ? the gorilla guard enter from outside . maximus return this beast to the compound . 195 another angle - favoring taylor he regards the ape with hostility as they cross to he . one pick up he leash . over the shot we hear : zaius ' voice ( o.s . ) what 's this ? 196 reverse angle - featuring zaius Zira stiffen , look at Zaius . he be hold the paper plane fashioned by Taylor . zira a toy . it float on the air . ( faint defiance ) try it . cornelius ( a warning ) Zira .... Zaius look down at the paper plane in he hand , then back to Zira . he smile tolerantly . zaius nonsense . he crumple the paper plane into a b all. , drop it on the desk . the ape hook the leash to Taylor 's collar , start lead he out . Zira follow they . dissolve to : 197 int . cage - animal compound - full shot - day the cage primitive be asleep . julius , the keeper , doze in a chair outside Taylor 's cage . camera pivot moving in on Taylor , who be lie on he side , also asleep . nova be curl up behind he . at the sound of a door open , she come instantly awake , sit up and clutching Taylor 's arm . he come groggily awake , raise he head in time to hear : julius ' voice ( o.s . ) what 's up , Lieutenant ? 198 reverse angle - what taylor sees : two gorilla officer have just enter the compound . they wear side arm . julius have just rise from he chair . ape lieutenant we be take number four over to surgery in five minute . have he ready . julius how come ? the beast 's throat be nearly heal . lieutenant ( snicker ) it 's not he throat this time . the vet 's go to gold he . 199 closeup - taylor he stiffen but do not move . the ape , of course , speak freely in front of he , believe the animal can not understand . julius ' voice ( o.s . ) Dr. Zira will not like it . she want this pair to mate . 200 back to the ape - from taylor be p.o.v. as the Lieutenant reply : lieutenant this order come from Dr. Zaius himself . there 's nothing she can do about it . the two gorilla exit . the guard cross to a wall peg for a collar and ' leash . 201 close two shot - taylor and nova push nova aside , Taylor rise . 202 mo . shot - the cage as julius unlock the door and cautiously approach Taylor , carry the collar and leash . julius ( murmure ) if only you know , Bright eye , what they be go to do ... ( raise collar ) stand still now ... do not give I any trouble . the heel of Taylor 's right palm crash into the keeper 's , chin , nearly snap he neck . julius fall unconscious . Taylor lean over he , take he night stick and a set of key on he belt . 203 reverse angle - to include nova and male in adjacent cage the male have awaken . he stare stupidly at Taylor . nova be whimper , little strange cry of fear . Taylor move o.s . 204 another angle - panning with taylor he leave the cage , move swiftly to the nearby door and exit . 205 int . a dark corridor - full shot - day barefoot , Taylor silently pad down the corridor to a lock door . 206 close on a door which be visible because of a beam of sunlight from the half - open door of a guard room . we hear a murmur of ape voice and laughter . Taylor fumble with the key , find one that fit the lock and open the door . 207 ext . animal compound - mo . shot - taylor - day he emerge , quietly lock the door behind he . two tethere horse can be see in deep b.g. , and another gust of laughter can be hear from the nearby guard room . Taylor look off . 208 long shot - what taylor sees : as already establish , the animal compound be situate on the outskirt of the ape ' community . the strange skyline of the town can be see in the distance . 209 panning with taylor he start to cross a open field outside the compound . at that moment we hear a shrill police whistle from the guard room . Taylor break into a run . 210 reverse angle - the compound as the two gorilla officer emerge from the building and run toward they horse . 211 ext . a dirt road - long shot - taylor he run down the road , start across the long causeway that bisect a small lake , look over he shoulder . quick dissolve to : 212 ext . apetown - long establishing shot - day the community we sue at the end of the causeway be small and arcane . there be no power line , no street lamp -- indeed , no street as such , but only a small cluster of building around a pleasant mall . the architecture of the building be faintly derivative of the simpler and less rococo work of Antonio gaudi -- column and pillar of brick or exterior masonry look like the trunk and branch of great tree and suggest a arboreal past . a small number of ape be visible on the mall : Taylor dart behind the buttress of a building , case the situation . he look back at : 213 ext . lake and causeway - long shot - morning the two mount gorilla- police can be see on the causeway , gallop straight toward camera . it be evident they will soon spot Taylor . 214 back to taylor - close shot he retreat from the buttress to a dark archway and vanish inside the building . 215 int . a dark vestibule - moving with taylor the vestibule be nothing , no set require , a dark space through which Taylor move toward a shaft of light . we hear faintly the discordant chord of a organ . or be it a organ ? at any rate , a strange and melancholy tune . Taylor arrive at a font . 216 int . a temple - panning with taylor he appear out of darkness into half - light . the rear of the temple be obscure . Taylor dart behind a screen . crouch there , he observe : 217 a funeral ceremony in the temple - mo . long shot the temple itself be small and austere . there be no altar , but against a plain backdrop we see a statue of the lawgiver , a great ape hold a book . below the lawgiver be a orangutan minister clothed in black robe . he stand in front of a close coffin . a dozen mourner , seat on comfortable wicker chair , form a semi-circle around the coffin . the ape lady wear cowl . minister weep if you must , but make a end of sorrow . he life again . yes , he have find peace in Heaven . 218 closeup - taylor crouch , listen , wide - eye . minister' voice ( o.s . ) he be a model for we all , a gorilla to remember ; hunter , warrior , defender of the faith . 219 back to funeral ceremony - from taylor be p.o.v. as the minister continue he eulogy , a small ape boy detach himself ( as child will ) from the group of mourner and come march up the aisle toward the rear of the temple . minister cherish husband , beloved father , generous master -- yes , he be a font of simian kindness . 220 reverse angle - shoot at taylor who be still crouching behind the screen in deep b.g . the small fry be come closer . over this we hear : minister' voice ( o.s . ) the dear depart once say to I : ' I never meet a ape I do not like ' ... the small fry spot Taylor . child ( shrill soprano ) look !. it 's a man ! the mourner ' head turn . Taylor slink toward the vestibule . 221 another angle - featuring the minister he be aghast . minister in Heaven 's name ... ( aside to usher ) get rid of that creature . two usher rise , move past camera and o.s . 222 ext . temple - close on vestibule door stay close on the temple wall , Taylor move stealthily away from the vestibule door . the two ape usher appear . first usher ( point ) there he be : they move toward Taylor . 223 flash shot - taylor he run out onto the mall . 224 full shot - the mall Taylor belatedly see that he be run straight toward he two mount pursuer . darting off in another direction , he race past startle pedestrian . 225 reaction shot - two chimp pedestrian they do a slow take . first chimp you see what I see ? second chimp must have escape from the zoo . 226 mo . shot - a mounted cop he have spot Taylor . drawing a fold net from he saddlebag , he swing it overhead ( like a cowboy with a lariat ) and gallop off in pursuit of the man . 227 - several shot - taylor and pursuing mountie 231 Taylor run frantically from building to building , round corner , vanish momentarily and reappearing on another part of the mall . at one point the mountie nearly overtake he and fling he net , which fall short . Taylor run on . 232 ext . a amphitheater - low angle shot ( from ground level ) it be a open-air structure , like a Greek theater , locate near the central mail . steeply tiere , it seat no more than fifty ape . the dais in the pit be some fifteen foot above ground level . Taylor enter scene , run toward the amphitheater . change direction , he dart into what appear to be a access tunnel . a moment later the pursue cop ride into ' scene , dismount and walk toward the amphitheater , look around for Taylor . 233 ext . amphitheater - high angle shot ( from topmost tier ) Taylor suddenly emerge from the access tunnel and run up a ramp encircle the amphitheater . ( a retain wall shield he from the view of the ape . ) pause for breath at the top of the ramp , Taylor crouch behind the uppermost tier of seat and peer down : the amphitheater - from taylor be p.o.v. the cop look around , spot Taylor at the top tier , and start up after he . 235 - out 237 238 ext . top of amphitheater - panning with taylor he start to run back down the ramp , but be suddenly confront by he original pursuer ( the dismounted cop come up the ramp . reversing direction , Taylor run around the rim of the amphitheater and vanish into a exit tunnel . the cop blow he whistle , summoning another cop , who join he in the chase . 239 - another part of the mall - a swift sequence of shot 244 in which we see the fugitive , he pursuer and the reaction of ape shopper and worker . 245 - ext . OPEN - AIR market - several shot 248 a market have be set up on one side of the mall , where street vendor behind cart or table hawk they ware : fruit , vegetable , wear apparel , etc . as Taylor run frantically through the market place , several ape join the chase . in the ensue pandemonium , like the proverbial chinese fire drill , several table be overturn . 249 ext . a build - close on a archway Taylor run into scene , pause , panting , and look back at he pursuer . then he dart through the archway into the building . 250 int . build - tracking with taylor - day for the moment he be the sole visitor in this wing . his pace slow to a walk as he and we observe fleetingly the specimen in what be a simian museum : possibly several stuff and unfamiliar animal ; primitive artifact and fossil ; possibly the skeleton of a dog , a cat , etc . over this we hear a shrill police whistle . 251 flash shot - taylor he run again . 252 mo . shot - a ape mother and child look at the stuff animal as Taylor race past . the mother give a startle scream . 253 reaction shot - a museum guard he start after the fugitive . 254 another part of the museum - featuring taylor he run past display of other stuff animal toward camera and halt abruptly in close f.g. , shocked by : 255 what he sees : dodge stuff and mount , dodge bare he tooth at the world . 256 closeup - taylor reacting in horror . he hear another police whistle and the echoing footstep of approach guard , which mufffle he strangle gasp : taylor dodge ... Taylor vanish in a blur of movement . CUT to : 257 ext . the mall - apetown - full shot from on high - day order have be restore in the open-air market . Taylor burst suddenly into view from a building on the far side of the mall , run in panic from ape guard in close pursuit . a mount policeman spot he and head he off . change direction , Taylor be intercept by another mount gorilla . and then a third . camera hold , angling down on the center of the mall . we be witness a hideous game : " bait the man . " the mount police do not shoot or club Taylor , for he cannot escape -- but they circle he , they long whip cracking over he head . 258 closer angle - the circle around taylor - favoring a mountie who unfold he net , swing it overhead and fling it at Taylor . this time he bag he quarry . Taylor give up . spend , docile , entangle in the net , he stand stock -still in the center of the mall . Guards and civillian on foot join the circle around the man at bay . they regard he warily . 259 close shot - dr . zira she push through the simian crowd around Taylor and hurry to he side . 260 close two shot - taylor and zira she paw at the net , cry impulsively : zira Taylor , why would you run away ? Zira remove the net from he face . pant with exhaustion , Taylor flick a wild glance at she . he look dement . 261 wider angle - to include two gorilla officer who approach Taylor and Zira . ( they be the same gorilla introduce in scene 198 . ) one of they carry a collar and leash . the other present a i.d. card to Zira . lieutenant Security police . zira ( promptly ) I be in charge of this man . lieutenant no longer , madame . he be now in the custody of the Ministry of Science . his colleague move toward Taylor with a muzzle . 262 close shot - featuring taylor he speak at last , he voice hoarse but audible . taylor get away from I , you dirty ape ! 263 full shot - the simian around taylor the arrest officer step back involuntarily . all the ape freeze , stare at the speak animal with mute astonishment as we : fade out fade in 264 int . cage - close shot - taylor and nova - day the compound be dimly light . Taylor , the bandage now go from he throat , be back in he old cage . the other cage , however , be empty -- they occupant presumably have be move to the surgery or the zoo . he be seat on a pile of straw in the rear corner , nova 's head cradle on he lap . idly he stroke she coarse hair . there be a dull glow of madness in he eye , and he manner be one of abstract soliloquy , like a man talk to a dog . taylor ... and that 's when I decide to take up astronautical engineering . , you see . I be halfway through college and I ... ( he break off ) it 's a old trick ! the silent treatment . four week and three day , and not a word from anyone . not Zira. , or cornelius ... or that damn julius . no one will listen ... only you . you ... nova. no - vah . his manner be now more direct , and educative . , but she stare in blank comprehension . she brushes he move lip with she finger . he shrug wryly . taylor yeah ...me tarzan , you Jane . that 's all right ... I have a puppy once that never bark . he just lick my hand . ( pause ) he 's dead now . they be all dead . everything ... I think maybe they will kill I , too . be they afraid of I ? I can not hurt they ... but I threaten they somehow . threaten they faith in simian superiority . yeah ... you be right . they will have to kill I . faint footstep be hear o.s. Taylor and nova look in the direction of the sound . a sudden stream of water shoot through the bar and strike Taylor in the chest . 265 wider angle - what they see : a ape guard have a high pressure hose train on Taylor . it force he back toward the rear of the cage . julius , whip in hand , unlock the cage , step inside . he unlimber the whip. , crack it -' in nova 's direction . she recoil . the jet of water hold Taylor at bay . julius grab nova , begin to pull she toward the door of the cage . Taylor try to fight he way through the water toward julius . taylor let she alone ! julius swing the whip . it crack against Taylor 's leg , bite into the skin . Taylor stumble , fall to one knee taylor where be you take she ? what be you go to do ? julius drag and push the girl through the door , slamm and lock it behind he . Taylor , fight through the stream of water , fling himself against the bar . taylor ( raging ) take you hand off she , you black monster ! you filth ! julius shove nova across the aisle to a cage opposite Taylor 's , lock she inside . taylor why be you do this ? say something , you hairy scum ! julius gesture toward the ape guard julius turn it off ! the ape guard shut off the hose . taylor answer I ! julius stride over to Taylor 's cage . julius ( fiercely ) shut up ! the reason no one will talk to you be because you be a freak ! taylor where 's Dr. Zira ? why --? julius I say shut up ! he slashes viciously with he whip handle against Taylor 's finger . Taylor yell in pain . julius and the ape guard start out of the compound . taylor ( wildly ) ape ! ape wear clothes ! it 's a madhouse ! a madhouse ! he sink to the floor as the ape go out . 266 out 267 full shot - cage Taylor look desolately through the bar across to nova 's cage . she eye he sadly . taylor ( gently ) now I do not even have you . ( pause ) imagine I -- need someone . back on Earth there be nobody . woman , yes . lot of they . Love make ithout love . that 's the kind of world it be turn into , with the help of cynic like myself . so I leave it -- because there be no one dear enough to keep I there . ( pause ) do I tell you about Stewart ? ( look away ) there be a lovely girl . the most precious cargo we bring along . if human life could survive here , she be to be the new eve. ( morosely ) it 's probably just as well she do not live to see this . he look at nova . she stretch she hand through the bar toward he . taylor I wonder if it 's Love between we . ( look around , smile ironically ) what a place to find it . c-267 full shot - the cage two gorilla officer enter , carry torch . ( this be the same ape introduce in scene 198 . ) one carry a double set of manacle . julius come to meet they . the Lieutenant take the two set of manacle from the other officer , hand they to julius , whisper something . julius come over and unlock the door of Taylor 's cage . he advance to Taylor , who do not move , bend down and clamp the manacle around each of he ankle . then he straighten , lift Taylor 's arm , pull he wrist together , snap on the cuff . d-267 wider angle - the cage Taylor look across at nova , blow she a kiss . julius lead he out of the cage , take he leash from a snap it onto Taylor 's collar , hand the other end to the Lieutenant . nova and julius watch in silence as Taylor be lead down the aisle and out the door . 268 - out 272 dissolve to : 273 int . inquiry room - establishing shot - day Taylor , wear he manacle , be seat at a table in the otherwise desert chamber . there be a empty chair on either side of he . across the room stand a dais with three rude , high - back chair . there be a small table directly below the dais . a third table stand at right angle to the dais . Taylor look around the empty room . a door be open by a gorilla bailiff , and Zira and cornelius come into the room , sit down on each side of Taylor . a moment later , dr . honorius , the prosecutor and a clerk enter , take they seat at the third table . taylor ( softly ) where have you be ? why do not you come to see I ? zira shhhh ! taylor what be this ? zira a hearing . cornelius ( hiss ) be clever . be quiet , bailiff all rise ! everyone get up as the president , Dr. Zaius and Dr. maximus enter and mount the dais . the President take the center chair ; the other two flanking he . bailiff be seat . all sit down . president ( pound gavel once ) this ad hoc tribunal of the National Academy be now in session . President of the Academy preside . on my right , Dr. maximus , commissioner for Animal affair . on my leave , Dr. Zaius , Minister of Science and Chief defender of the faith ... ( glance at prosecutor ) appear for the State , Dr. honorius , deputy Minister of justice . honorius rise and bow . president ( rap gavel once ) let it be clear at the outset that all matter pertain to this inquiry be confidential , and anyone discuss they outside this chamber will be hold in contempt of the tribunal . ( a beat ) you may proceed , Dr. honorius . zira ( rise ) by you leave , Mr. President -- the tribunal have not yet define the purpose of this inquiry . the President appear to be take aback . he glance at he colleague . maximus you ask for the opportunity to present you case . surely you must know why you be here . zira my own purpose be to save this exceptional creature from mutilation . maximus ( promptly ) and we purpose be to settle custodial and jurisdictional question concern this beast , and determine what 's to be do with he . zira at the very least , this man have the right to know whether there 's a charge against he . honorius ( rise ) objection . the accuse be indeed a man . therefore , he have no rights under ape law . president well , Dr. Zira ? this be a man , be he not ? 274 close group shot - the defendant's table sense that the President have give they a open , Zira smile confidently . zira he be unlike any man you have ever see - as we hope to prove . president's voice ( o.s. ) answer the question . be he a man ? cornelius ( tentatively ) Sir ? the question be the point at issue : be he a man ? or a deviate ? or a freak of nature ? honorius ' voice ( o.s. ) objection ! 275 full shot - the inquiry room as the prosecutor continue : president sustain . in all fairness , Dr. Zira , you must admit the accuse be a nonape , and therefore have no rights under ape law . zira ( rise ) then why be he call the accuse you honor must think he guilty of something . honorius seem confound . Zaius take over . zaius this man be not be try . he be be dispose of . ( point at Zira and cornelius ) it be scientific heresy that be actually on trial here . maximus well put , Dr. Zaius . let we warn we friend that they endanger they own career by defend this animal . 276 close shot - the defense both cornelius and Zira appear shake by this threat . sense they predicament , Taylor rise impatiently . taylor then I will defend myself . 277 full shot - the inquiry room although the judge and prosecutor have be tell that this man can speak , they react in stunne silence to the first sound of he voice . fluster , the President bang he gavel . president Dr. Zira -- tell Bright eye to sit down . taylor my name be Taylor . the President refuse to address Taylor directly . check a document , he speak to Zira . president it say here that he name be Bright eye . you give he that name yourself . taylor ( voice rise ) this hearing be absurd ! let I tell my story ... president ( pound gavel ) bailiff ! make the animal be quiet . the bailiff quickly cross to Taylor and shove he roughly into he chair . president State you case , Mr. prosecutor . honorius learned judge : my case be simple . it be base on we first article of faith : that the almighty create the ape in he own image ; that he give he a soul and a mind ; that he set he apart from the beast of the jungle , and make he the lord of the planet . 278 close group shot - the defendant's table Taylor have begin to write something on a sheet of paper . Zira and cornelius remain attentive to : honorius ' voice ( o.s . ) this sacred truth be self -evident . the proper study of ape be ape . but certain young cynic have choose to study man - yes , pervert scientist who advance on insidious theory call ' evolution . ' 279 full shot - the inquiry room as the prosecutor continue : honorius there be a conspiracy afoot to undermine the very cornerstone of we faith president come to the point , Dr. honorius . honorius directly , Mr. President . this wretch man , the accuse , be only a pawn in the conspiracy . we know that he be wounded in the throat at the time of he capture . the State charge that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon name Galen experiment on this wounded animal , tamper with he brain and throat tissue to create a speak monster ... zira ( on she foot ) that 's a lie ! president ( pound gavel ) mind you tongue , madame . zira do we create he mind too ? not only can this man speak . he can write . he can reason . honorius he can reason ? with the tribunal 's permission , let I expose this hoax by direct examination . president proceed . but do not turn this hearing into a farce . honorius cross to the defendant 's table and favor Taylor with a evil smile . honorius tell the court , Bright eye -- what be the second article of faith ? taylor I admit , I know nothing of you culture . honorius of course he do not know we culture - because he cannot think . ( to Taylor ) tell we why all ape be create equal . taylor some ape , it seem , be more equal than other . honorius ridiculous . that answer be a contradiction in term . tell we , Bright eye , why do man have no soul ? what be the proof that a divine spark exist in the simian brain ? taylor ( hand paper to Zira ) show this to the President . Zira move toward the dais . honorius return to he own table . zira since the defendant be forbidden to speak in he own defense , he ask that this statement be read into the record . president read it yourself . zira ( read aloud ) ' I have come to you from a planet in a different solar system . I be a explorer in space , with no hostile intention against you civilization . on my planet it be the primate man who evolve into a think animal , while the ape remain ... " president ( rapping gavel ) stop right there . bring I that paper . Zira cross to the dais , hand the statement to the President . he glance at it , laugh derisively and pass it to Zaius . president ( to Zira ) this be a joke in very poor taste . zira be it a joke to seek the truth about this man ? zaius ( glance at document ) Dr. Zira -- you state here that a ship from outer space sink in a inland sea of we eastern desert . zira I do not state it , sir . the prisoner do . zaius do you believe he ? zira ( uneasily ) like you , I find it difficult . zaius but how convenient that the proof of he arrival have vanish ? ( glance again at document ) you also state that Bright eye have two intelligent companion at the time of he capture . zira this be he assertion . zaius where be they now ? taylor ( blurt it out ) one be in a museum ! president ( pound gavel ) Dr. Zira ! silence that man ! returning to she table , Zira gesture to Taylor to remain silent . zaius how sad . stuff and mount , eh ? Dead man , like sink ship , can tell no storey . and he other companion ? zira he do not know . zaius Mr. President , I believe the prosecutor have reassemble all he survive human capture in the hunt along with Bright eye . honorius that 's true , Dr. Zaius . my witness -- correction -- my exhibit be on display in the amphitheater . president very well . I suggest we go and look at they . the President rise , start out , follow by the other . Taylor be last , be lead on a leash by the bailiff . 280 out 281 ext . amphitheater - full shot - day the inquiry group file through a door into the amphitheater . two ape stand guard over a number of leash and nearly naked human being in the center of the pit below the dais . there be three primitive male , the female nova -- and landon . he be dirty and bearded , but he hair be cropped close . 282 close - taylor he turn to Zira , he eye shine with vindication . taylor ( a whisper ) it 's he ... landon . zira which one ? taylor second from the leave . 283 full shot - the amphitheater Zaius glance at the accuse . zaius well ... do you acknowledge kinship with any of this creature ? taylor with one of they . zaius identify he , then . speak to he . Taylor move forward for a few pace , stop . taylor landon ? 284 closer shot - featuring landon - from taylor be p.o.v. landon look catatonic . his face be in shadow 285 wider angle - to include taylor stun by landon 's imbecility . taylor John ... it 's I , Taylor . Taylor step forward to grasp he arm . there be still no response . Taylor take landon 's head in he hand and look at he face . there be a fresh scar run from he forehead to the top of he cranium . 286 full shot - the amphitheater as Taylor whirl on Zira . taylor you ! ... you know about this ? zira no , I swear -- I never see this man before . taylor ( whirling on Zaius ) you do this to he ! you have remove he frontal lobe ! president silence ! ( turn ) bailiff , take the prisoner inside ! the bailiff jerk brutally on Taylor 's leash , pull he toward the door lead under the amphitheater . a-286 int . inquiry room - mo . shot - day the bailiff enter , drag Taylor behind he , shove he into he chair . moment later the other ape enter the room . all take they seat but Zaius . Taylor glare at he furiously . zaius ( calmly ) Mr. President , a word of explanation : the creature in question suffer a skull fracture during the hunt . two fine veternary surgeon under my direction be able to save he life . but the beast could not speak , of course . nor will he ever speak Taylor leap from he chair , livid with rage , approach the dais . taylor you destroy he memory ! his mind ! his identity ! and , you want to do the same to I ! president ( pound gavel ) bailiff ! stop this outburst ! gag that monstrosity ! the bailiff and a husky guard seize Taylor , who continue shouting : taylor you barbarian ! the powerful guard twist Taylor 's arm behind he back and the bailiff lash he wrist together . then the bailiff gag Taylor . his voice be cut off as the bailiff tie the twisted kerchief around he open mouth . the guard hold Taylor 's leash during the rest of this scene . meanwhile , cornelius have rise to he foot . his tone be firm , but conciliatory . cornelius May it please the tribunal : I for one grant that this be can not have come from another planet . but this much be certain -- he come from somewhere in the forbidden Zone . he have describe the region to we , and describe it accurately , for I have be there . president you visit the forbidden Zone ? cornelius why , yes , sir . a year ago . with the special permission of the Academy . zaius ( to President ) he exceed he order . his travel permit be promptly revoke . cornelius yes , sir , so it be -- thanks to you . but not before I discover evidence of a simian culture that exist long before the Sacred scroll be write ... honorius objection ! this remark be profane and irrelevant . president sustain . ( to cornelius ) you archeological theory have no bear on the disposition of this creature . zaius ( softly ) let they talk , Mr President . let they talk . zira ( rise ) sir : we theory have a bear on he identity . president how so ? zira let we assume , as common sense dictate , that the prisoner 's story be false . but if he do not come from another planet , then surely he spring from we own . yes , spring . ( a beat ) as a animal psychologist , I have find no physiological defect to explain why human be mute . honorius objection ! president sustain . zira ( plunging on ) they speech organ be adequate . the flaw lie not in anatomy but in the brain . honorius objection ! president sustain . zira ( voice rise ) sustain all objection , but face the truth ! cornelius have regain he courage . rising to Zira 's support , he point at Taylor . cornelius yes ! behold this marvel , this live paradox , this miss link in a evolutionary chain ! president ( pound gavel ) silence ! ( puff with rage ) you have go too far . zaius ( calmly ) there you be , Mr. President . I warn you this two would use this hearing as a forum for subversion . maximus you be right ! the advocate of heresy have reveal themselves . zaius Mr. President , I think a indictment be in order . honorius ( promptly ) yes , sir . the State charge doctor Zira and cornelius with contempt of this tribunal , malicious mischief and scientific heresy . president be it so order . the tribunal will examine all the evidence present here and in due time render a verdict on the propose indictment and on the disposition of the deviate in question . ( pound gavel once ) this hearing be adjourned . all rise . the guard drag Taylor from the inquiry room . Zira and cornelius stand there , stunne by the entrapment into which Zaius have maneuver they . 287 - 289 out dissolve to : 290 int . a SMALL office - close on dr . zaius - night the office be as unadorn and spartan as that of cornelius -- in fact , with minor change in decor , the same set can be use . there be many thick leatherbound book on this scholar 's desk . Zaius be read one of they and take note . he look up as someone knock at the door . 291 reverse angle - shoot past zaius the two agent push Taylor through the doorway . zaius wait outside . the officer withdraw , close the door . collare , wrist manacle , Taylor stand face the desk . zaius the verdict be in . at the moment you simian friend -- and sponsor -- be free on bail . but they will soon be bring to trial for heresy . 292 another angle - favoring zaius who fall silent , as if this be the only news of import . we note at once a change in Zaius ' tone and attitude . he no longer treat Taylor like a freak animal , but address he as a imaginative adversary who must be intimidate by the threat of terror . taylor what about I ? zaius ( offhandedly ) oh , you case be preordain . in a way , you perform a service for the State ... ( smile ) because you hearing make it possible for we to expose Zira and cornelius . ( a beat ) and now the tribunal have place you in my custody for ... final disposition . do you know what that mean ? taylor no . zaius emasculation , to begin with . then experimental surgery . on the speech center . on the brain . ultimately , a kind of live death . Taylor stiffen but say nothing . Zaius let this prospect sink in , then continue . zaius however , it 's within my power to grant you a reprieve . that be why I summon you here tonight . ( a beat ) tell I who and what you really be and where you come from , and no veterinary will touch you . taylor I tell the truth at that ' hearing 'of yours . zaius you lie . where be you tribe ? taylor my tribe , as you call it , life on another planet in a distant solar system . zaius then how be it we speak the same language ? ( suddenly intense ) even in you lie , some truth slip through ! that mythical community you be suppose to come from -- Fort Wayne ' ? taylor what about it ? zaius a fort ! unconsciously , you choose a name that be belligerent . ( more calmly ) where be you nurture ? taylor I take it you do not believe the prosecutor 's charge -- that I be a monster create by Dr. Zira . zaius certainly not . you be a mutant . taylor that 's exactly what Zira and cornelius claim . you be talk heresy , doctor . zaius ( smile ) of course . taylor ( grow bolder ) all right , suppose I be a mutant ? why do the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic ? zaius because you be not unique . there be the one you call landon -- taylor then you admit -- zaius I admit that where there 's one mutant there 's probably another . and another . a nest of they . where 's you nest , Taylor ? where be you woman ? taylor ( pause ) thank you for call I Taylor . ( more firmly ) Dr. Zaius , I know who I be . who be you ? how do this upside down civilization ever get start ? zaius ( strangely calm ) you may well call it upside down , since you occupy its lowest level . and deservedly . ( pause ) the eastern desert have never be explore -- because we have always assume that no life can exist there . ( a beat ) save yourself , Taylor . tell I -- be there another jungle beyond the forbidden Zone ? taylor I do not know . zaius if you be protect other of you kind , it will cost you you identity . taylor I be not protect anybody ! that hearing be a farce . what have I do ? zaius you be a menace ! a walk pestilence . I do know who you be , Taylor . as I know that other of you kind must live in the forbidden Zone. ( decisively ) you have just six hour to make a full confession . after that I will employ surgery to obtain one . ( call off ) Guards ! the two burly security agent open the door and enter . zaius take this creature back to he cage . the guard seize Taylor , start to shove he toward the doorway . he twist around , face Zaius . taylor all right , you can cut I to piece . it 's within you power . ( with force ) but know this , doctor . you do it because you be afraid of I . you do it from fear ! Zaius jerk he head silently toward the door . the ape drag Taylor through it . dissolve to : 293 int . adjacent cage - mo . shot - night a few hour have pass . nova be watch Taylor from she cage across the aisle . he sit on the pile of straw . there be a ugly well on he cheek make by the security officer 's whip . footstep be hear . Taylor and nova look up and off . 294 reverse angle - what they see : a solemn , teen - age chimp name lucius appear outside the cage . the guard julius rise from he chair . lucius be you julius ? julius what do you want ? lucius I be from the Office of Animal affair . ( indicate Taylor ) this male 's to be transfer to the zoo . julius at this hour ? who say so ? Taylor enter scene , come over to the cage bar as lucius continue gravely , with just a note of disdain . lucius do not they tell you anything ? the anti - vivisectionist Society be up in arm . they be go to save this beast from that butcher in the lab . if he can speak he belong in the public zoo . ( take off ) but what will probably happen be that some money - mad grow - up will put he in a circus . and then we will have to pay to see what rightfully should have -- julius stop make speech and show I the order . lucius hand the guard a document . it be dark here , so julius cross to a beam of light near the bar and study the document . lucius , behind the guard 's back , signal frantically for Taylor to seize or strike the guard . Taylor be slow to understand . lucius shake he head impatiently . julius ( peer at document ) this order 's no good . it must be counter - sign by Dr. Zaius -- lucius suddenly give julius a violent shove . the guard 's head crash against the bar and he be stunne . lucius hit he ! Taylor comply bring down the heel of he fist on the nape of the guard 's neck . julius collapse . the youngster immediately squat down , gag he , and begin to bind he hand and foot . camera move in . taylor who be you ? lucius ( look up , coolly ) so you can talk . ( as he work ) I be Dr. Zira 's nephew . this abduction be she idea . you be not really go to the zoo . that 's just we cover story in case we be stop . ( off again ) although I do feel that if it ever come down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property -- taylor come on . get I out of here . take the guard 's key , lucius rise and unlock the cage . nova enter the scene , come to the bar of she cage . 295 close two shot - taylor and nova he gaze at she , tense with indecision . she flash a implore smile , a mute appeal that can not be deny . over this we hear : lucius ' voice ( o.s . ) we have get to move fast . 296 wider angle - to include lucius as Taylor leave he cage . taylor she come along too . lucius Zira do not want you female . taylor I want she . lucius ( a shrug ) if you insist . but I be not take any order -- taylor Fine . just let she out . lucius unlock nova 's cage . she come out quickly , take Taylor 's hand . they follow lucius out of the compound . 297 ext . animal compound - mo . shot - night a horse -drawn cage wagon ( like that use in the hunt ) stand near the building . Zira wait at the rear of the wagon . lucius , Taylor and nova emerge from a doorway or archway and join she . Zira note nova 's presence with disapproval . they speak in undertone . zira ( to lucius ) I tell you not to bring the other one . lucius he would not leave she . zira ( with a sigh ) all right ... ( to the human ) get in ... hurry . put this on . taylor listen - zira Taylor -- just keep quiet and we may get away with this . remember that man all look alike to most ape . Taylor and nova comply , climb into the cage . lucius close the tailgate . lucius and Zira move to the front of the wagon and climb aboard . lucius take the rein . as they move off : wipe to : 298 ext . lake and causeway - long high angle shot - night as previously establish , the animal compound be on the outskirt of apetown . the abductor must cross the causeway on they route of escape . in the distance , near the gazebo , we can see the light of several torch . the cage wagon roll into scene and out onto the causeway . at the same time a mount gorilla lead two pack animal appear on the far side of the causeway , come toward camera . lucius stop the wagon . 299 close two shot - lucius and zira - on the wagon lucius ( apprehensively ) gorilla hunter ... zira keep move . we can not turn back now . 300 boom shot - the causeway as the mount hunter near the wagon , we can see two body sling across the back of the pack animal . 301 flash shot - taylor and nova - in wagon cage they look out at : 302 the passing horse - from there p.o.v. the body on the horse be naked human corpse . 303 mo . long shot - the causeway - reverse angle in immediate f.g. , near the gazebo , be a similar wagon . it have lose a wheel , and its rear axle lie on the edge of the causeway . two naked primitive male can be dimly see within the cage . four or five armed gorilla hunter stand near the wagon : two of they carry torch ; the other be pass a jug from hand to hand - . the leader of the hunt Club , still on horseback , hold up he hand as the lab wagon approach . leader hold it ! lucius obey . the hunter on foot swarm around he wagon as they leader call authoritatively : leader ah , Doctor Zira ! we wagon break down ! I be afraid we will have to commandeer yours . 304 closer angle - the lab wagon as the hunt Club leader ride over , recognize the animal psychologist . zira you can not ! I have two sick human in the cage . we be take they to the chief vet at the zoo ... leader ( indicate he own wagon ) we bag two live one today . I will have to ask you to take they along . he move to the rear of the wagon . zira ( follow he ; frantically ) no , no , my animal be disease ... leave they alone ! they be disease , I tell you ! lucius jump down and run toward the rear of the wagon . 305 reverse angle - rear of wagon the hunter have open the tailgate and be shine they torch on the human . they sound ready for sport . first hunter give he a taste of fire ! one of the hunter point he torch at Taylor , who , quite naturally , shrink back as lucius run into scene . lucius stand back ! he 's dangerous ! first hunter why ? zira he 's rabid ! his bite be fatal ! first hunter you serious ? lucius you would die in agony ! ( with appropriate gesture ) frothing at the mouth ! the hunter fall back . lucius promptly lock the tailgate and he and Zira run back to the front of the wagon . lucius snap the rein and the wagon move off . the hunter follow it a few pace , pause near they mount leader . first hunter they treat that animal better than they treat we . leader I still say the only good human be a dead human . the fugitive ' wagon recede beyond the gazebo , as we : dissolve to : 306 ext . a OPEN range - long shot - dawn the horse -drawn wagon be silhouett - against the dawn light , bump across a semi-arid plain studd with mesquite and sage . ( this scene can be shot either on the navajo reservation near page or on the ranch ) . dissolve to : 307 ext . savanna ( or cultivate field ) - long shot - morning this be the same area describe on page 24 , where the hunt occur . as the wagon roll along a dirt track , the tall grasses of the savanna ( or cultivate field ) can be see in b.g . 308 close two shot - taylor and nova - in wagon cage Taylor be doze , but the girl be alert and nervous . she peer out at the field , apparently recognize or remember this terrain . she nudge Taylor , waking he . 309 ext . grove of wild fruit tree - long panning shot - day this , too , be the location describe on page 24 . camera pan with the wagon as it roll into the grove and hold on three horse . cornelius sit astride one horse ; the other two nag be heavily burden with pack and saddlebags . 310 closer angle - the grove - favoring cornelius he dismount as Zira and lucius jump down from the wagon and hurry toward he . cornelius and he fiancee embrace and kiss lightly , ape-fashion . cornelius how do it go ? zira there be one bad moment -- some hunter stop we . lucius ( calmly ) I pursuade they we beast have raby . 311 close two shot - taylor and nova - in cage wagon the ape discuss the abduction be out of earshot . exasperate to be thus ignore and cage , Taylor kick the tailgate , shouting : taylor let I out of here ! 312 wider angle - to include the group lucius hurry back to unlock the tailgate . Taylor get out of the wagon , stretch he stiffen joint . nova follow suit . during the ensue exchange the girl seem strangely agitate , pace to and for , she eye scan the grove and field in search of someone or something . cornelius ( approach ) well , Taylor -- we be all fugitive now . taylor do you have any weapon ? cornelius the best . but we will not need they . taylor just the same , I want one . he move toward one of the horse . cornelius start after he . cornelius look here , Taylor . I be in charge of this expedition -- Taylor take a rifle from one of the pack , examine it . taylor Fair enough . but you be no longer in charge of I . and I do not mean to be capture again . Zira and lucius have come up . cornelius ( peeve ) as you wish . taylor Zaius seem to think there might be another jungle beyond the forbidden Zone . that 's what we will try for . what about you ? zira cornelius and I have be indicted for heresy . unless we can prove we theory , we do not stand a chance of acquittal . taylor you be go back to the forbidden Zone ? cornelius to the digging I work at a year ago . it 's a three day ride across the eastern desert , near where you claim you land from that planet of yours . taylor you still do not believe I , do you ? cornelius ( shrug ) it 's a long detour to Dead Lake . what would we find ? Taylor make a helpless gesture , realize that he cannot present sure proof . taylor nothing much . the remnant of a life raft . maybe a small flag . the emblem of my countryman . cornelius sorry , Taylor . the terrain around that lake be poisonous . there be no fresh water , no vegetation . nothing . taylor I know ... nevertheless , I thank you for save we . you will be in trouble for go there . zira ( a smile ) we have be in trouble since the moment we meet you . nova seize Taylor 's arm to get he attention . try to communicate , she make whimper sound and point at : 313 - 314 omit 315 the distant jungle - as see from the grove this be the same view of the jungle that Taylor see when the gorilla hunter emerge from the tree . ( page 25 ) zira's voice ( o.s . ) what 's she point at ? 316 back to taylor and the other Taylor smile at nova , give she a reassure shrug . taylor that 's the way home . and she know it . nova turn away , still hold Taylor 's arm , try to lead he toward the jungle . taylor ( sharply ) nova ! ( she turn ; he shake he head , say gently ) we can not stay there . it 's not safe . she look at he sadly . zira we would better get start . if the mount police pick up we trail , they will come this far at least . cornelius right. ( to lucius ) let 's put the water and provision in the wagon . he and lucius move off toward the horse . zira ( indicate nova ) be you go to take she with you ? taylor yes . zira actually , you be a different breed . this creature will never evolve . taylor maybe not . zira ( smile ) you want she that much ? taylor ( testily ) you throw we together , remember ? and you guess right . Men , like ape , get despondent without a mate . he walk off to help lucius and cornelius . nova tag along behind he as we : dissolve to : a-316 the group move across a plateau dissolve to : 317 ext . dry wash and tamarisks - featuring scarecrow - day the caravan be crossing , in a reverse direction , the route take by the astronaut on page 17 . the three ape be on horseback . Taylor and nova follow in the wagon . they be near the row of sinister scarecrow on the bluff above the dry wash . 318 mo . shot - the three mounted ape they halt briefly and look up at the cross . lucius be impressed . lucius who put they up ? zira the hunt Club . lucius to scare off human ? cornelius to scare we , too . we be enter the forbidden Zone . they move off again , riding across the dry wash . 319 two shot - taylor and nova - seated on the wagon they , too , have stop and be look up at the scarecrow . nova be plainly terrify . she grab Taylor 's arm , whimper . taylor do not worry . you will be safe with I . ( sudden smile ) here . it 's time you learn to earn you keep . he hand the rein to nova . she just sit there . he demonstrate . taylor you can do it . like this ... nova flick the rein , reacting in wide - eye , open-mouthed disbelief as the horse obey she . dissolve to : 320 ext . desert plateau - long high angle shot - day for night the party be traversing a red desert to the east of Dead Lake . great sandstone monolith rise from the desert floor . from this vantage point the horse look no bigger than ant . dissolve to : 321 ext . rim of a deep gorge - helicopter shot - day this be terrain never before see in this picture . ( Lake Powell location , a few mile northeast of wahweap ) . the party can be see on the rim of a flat desert tableland that fall away abruptly to a vast , irregular river of deep blue water . Taylor , cornelius and lucius be unload the wagon and repack they provision and equipment on the back of horse . Zira watch they . a-321 closer angle - the group Zira wander off , fall to she knee . lucius something 's wrong with you mate . Taylor look off . he and the other move quickly to nova , camera panning with they . b-321 close group shot - around nova she have be retching . Taylor lift she up . she be faint with nausea . Zira squat down beside they . zira let I handle this . ( ruefully , to Taylor ) you may be smarter than I be , but I be the veterinary on this planet . assist nova to she foot , Zira lead she off toward the wagon . c-321 mo . shot - cornelius , taylor and lucius . Taylor watch the depart female , then look down at the river . taylor where do the river lead ? cornelius it empty into a sea some mile from here . that 's where the cave be . d-321 long shot - the river - from there p.o.v.. the river wind o.s. between the sheer sandstone Cliffs rise from either bank . taylor's voice ( o.s . ) and beyond that ? e-321 three shot - taylor , lucius and cornelius cornelius do not know . at high tide you can not ride along the shore , and we have no boat on the last expedition . taylor you have never tell I why this region 's call the forbidden Zone . cornelius no one really know . it 's a ancient taboo . set forth in the Sacred scroll . the lawgiver pronounce the area deadly . lucius should not we be move on ? taylor I be for that . they start toward the horse and wagon . f-321 group shot - near wagon Zira be look curiously at nova , who stand in the shade lean against the wagon as the male enter the scene . nova 's nausea have pass , and she come smile to Taylor . taylor what 's the diagnosis , doctor ? a touch of the sun ? zira she 's not sick at all . ( a beat ) she 's pregnant . g-321 closeup - taylor consternation slowly give way to wonder . he grin . taylor so I be not a altogether different breed , you see ? dissolve to : 322 - 325 the descent of the gorge - several shot - day to reach the camp site -- a beach at the base of the gorge -- the party must lead the horse along a narrow trail that zigzag down the face of the sandstone cliff . they have abandon the wagon . dissolve to : 326 ext . archeological camp - establishing shot - day Sand bar and two narrow beach be in evidence here . the camp itself consist of several lean - tos against the cliff wall . above the camp , reach by ladder connect to scaffold , be the mouth of a cave . Zira be clean up the breakfast thing ; Zaius and lucius be sorting out equipment . a-326 closer angle - taylor and zira a small bowl of water rest on the ground in front of Taylor he have nearly finish shave himself with a sharp hunt knife . nova watch , a look of fascinate approval on she face . Taylor rinse off he knife , start to dry it . nova reach out , gently stroke he smooth -- if nick -- chin . taylor ( smile ) you like it ? lucius and cornelius come up , Zira with they . lucius ( disapprovingly ) why do you do that ? scrape off you hair ? taylor in my world -- before I leave it - only youngster of you age wear un - scrape hair . cornelius ( to Taylor , quizzically ) it make you look somehow ... less intelligent . Taylor grin wryly at cornelius , pick up he rifle . taylor when be you go to show I what 's in the cave ? cornelius right now , if you like . they cross the beach to the ladder , when suddenly they hear the sound of horse . they look o.s . b-326 what they see : Dr. Zaius and five armed and mount ape have come around the corner of the beach and ride toward they through the rock . c-326 medium - the group Taylor scramble up onto the lower scaffold . lucius run to a lean - to , scoops up he rifle . cornelius lucius -- do not fire at they . the party ride up . zaius you be all under arrest ! ( to lucius ) you seditious scoundrel . Drop that rifle . 327 - out 348 349 flash shot - lucius he waver , lowering he piece . 350 wider angle - to include both group Zaius ' gorilla ride forward a few pace , but halt again as Taylor shout : taylor stop right there . zaius do not be a fool . you be outnumber and outgun . Taylor aim at Zaius and call out : taylor if there 's any shoot , Dr. Zaius , you will be the first to die . depend on it . cornelius ( protest ) Taylor , you be not in command here . put down that gun . taylor shut up . silence . Zaius know Taylor be not bluff . zaius very well . ( to he follower ) lower you weapon . they obey . Taylor call again : taylor ( point ) tell they to move around the point . out of range . Zaius turn and whisper to he ape . they rein about and ride away through the rock . Zaius dismount and approach the fugitive alone . he be unarm . 351 closer angle - the group as Zaius draw nearer ) lucius lower he rifle . but Taylor keep he at the ready . cornelius ( uncertainly ) how do you know we would come here ? zaius it be not difficult . only a apostate or a lunatic would flee to the forbidden Zone . ( a glance at Taylor ) I see you bring along the female of you species . ( Taylor nod ) I do not realize a man could be monogamous . taylor on this planet -- it 's easy . Zaius laugh derisively , then turn to the ape . zaius ( evenly ) I ask you to reconsider the rash course you have take . if you be convict of heresy , the most you will get be two year . but if you persist in point gun in my direction , you will hang for high treason . cornelius ( respectfully ) we have never mean to be treasonable , sir . ( point off ) but up there , in the face of that cliff , be a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossil and artifact . zaius I have see some of you fossil and artifact . they be worthless . taylor ( derisively ) and that 's you Minister of Science . honor - bound to expand the frontier of knowledge . zira ( worried ) Taylor , please -- taylor except that he 's also the Chief defender of the faith . zaius ( loftily ) there be no contradiction between faith and science . true science . taylor ( suddenly angere ) all right , let 's see if you be willing to put that statement to a test . cornelius Taylor , I would rather you - taylor no . you save I from this fanatic . maybe I can pay you back . zaius ( calmly ) what be you proposal ? taylor when be the Sacred scroll write ? zaius twelve hundred year ago . taylor very well . if Zira and cornelius can prove that that scroll do not tell the whole truth of you history ; if they can show you definite evidence of another culture from a unrecord past -- will you exonerate they ? zaius of course . taylor okay . up to the cave . he gesture toward the path lead to it . Zaius , Zira , and cornelius start upward . lucius start to follow they . taylor sorry , lucius . you will have to stay here and guard the horse . lucius always give order . just like every other adult . taylor relax . you will see it all later . he pat the barrel of lucius ' gun , in the manner of a stern but benevolent non -com , then start up the trail with nova at he heel . lucius , unused to take command from a animal , scowl after he , then shrug , adjust to the idea . 352 - 355 out 356 ext . western wall of gorge - long shot - angling up afternoon the sun hover over the lofty rim of the lake like a great red balloon . the wall of the gorge , in shadow , be a darker hue . 357 ext . eastern wall of gorge - long shot - angling up the crenelate east wall , look like a red cathedral , be aglow with sunlight . so be the mouth of the cave as the three ape , Taylor and nova pass through it and o.s . 358 int . cavern - boom shot - day nature have form a vault room here . it need not be enormous , but should be as weird and fantastic as production capability permit . there be a ape-made excavation in the floor of the cave , some ten foot square and eight foot deep . some small object lie on the rim of the excavation . Zaius , cornelius , Zira , Taylor and nova enter from the outside . ( author' note : the effect should be a eyeful . I wish to create a illusion of sunlight penetrate this cave , flooding it with direct , refracted illumination , transform it into a kaleidoscopic cavern . ) zaius present you evidence , cornelius . cornelius clamber down into the pit , follow by Zira . Taylor bend down , examine some of the artifact line along the edge of the excavation . nova sit beside he . cornelius ( point ) it be at this level I discover trace of a early ape creature -- stage of primitive barbarism , really -- dating back roughly thirteen hundred year . it be here I find cut tool and arrowhead of quartz and the fossilize bone of carnivorous gorilla . camera ( on boom ) move in slowly as cornelius continue : cornelius but the artifact lie at you foot be find here , at this level . and that 's the paradox . the more ancient culture be the more advanced . admittedly , many of this object be unidentified , but clearly they be fashioned by being with a knowledge of metallurgy . camera keep moving in on the group in and around the excavation as cornelius continue : cornelius indeed , the very fact that this tool be unknown to we could suggest a culture in certain way almost equal to we own . some of the evidence be uncontestable ... zaius ( interrupt ) do not speak to I in absolute . the evidence be contestable . cornelius I apologize . zaius to begin with , you method of dating the past be crude , to say the least . there be geologist on my staff who would laugh at you speculation . taylor perhaps that 's why they be on you staff . Zaius flick a hostile glance at Taylor , then look down at the artifact . he nudge they with he foot . zaius secondly , if this ' tool ' as you call they , be unidentified , why be they introduce as ' evidence ' of anything ? zira ( promptly ) but there 's the doll , sir . zaius what ? cornelius ( point ) right there . the human doll . Zaius deign to stoop and pick it up . 359 close on doll - in zaius ' hand it be only a porcelain fragment , but the head be intact , and it be unmistakably the form of a human child . zaius what do this prove ? my grand - daughter play with human doll . 360 full shot - the excavation - including taylor exasperate , Zira turn to the man for confirmation . zira Taylor ! tell he . taylor he have a point . on my planet child often play with ape doll . Zaius idly toss the doll to the ground near nova . she pick it up , study it . 361 group shot - the three ape cornelius try again . cornelius a doll alone prove nothing . true . but the doll be find beside the jawbone of a man -- and no trace of simian fossil have turn up in this deposit . zaius you conclusion be premature . have you forget you scripture ? the Thirteenth scroll ? ( quote from memory ) ' and proteus bring the upright beast into the garden , and chain he to a tree , and the child make sport of he . ' cornelius ( impatiently ) no sir , I have not forget . zaius well ? for a time the ancient keep human as household pet . until the lawgiver prove that man could not be tame . keep digging cornelius . you will find evidence of the master of this house : a ape . a-361 another angle - to include taylor and nova as Zira again appeal to the man . zira be you go to let that pass without a answer ? Taylor , who have be toy with object in the dirt , look up . taylor yes . I have to agree . from all you have find so far , he position 's as good as yours . cornelius ( annoyed ) what be you do there ? taylor reconstruct a life . Care to have a look ? cornelius and Zira cross the pit and Zaius walk around the rim of the excavation . b-361 mo . close shot - favoring taylor and nova as the ape come close . a number of artifact have be arrange in front of Taylor . taylor ( to cornelius ) this be find near the human doll , right ? ( cornelius nod ) well , whoever own they be in pretty bad shape . he pick up the twisted fragment of a pair of spectacle . taylor defective eyesight .. as Taylor continue he monologue , he pick up the other object one by one . taylor he wear false tooth . ( pause ) he suffer from a hernia and use this truss to hold up he inside ... ( pause ) and toward the end , this little ring of stainless steel enclose a prefab - ricate valve in he fail heart . Taylor pause . Zaius pick up two of the steel ring , study they . taylor I do not say he be a man like a earthman , but I would call he a close relative , for he be plague by most of man 's ill . ( to Zaius pointedly ) yet , fragile as he be , he come before you -- and be superior to you . zaius ( a calm smile ) that 's lunacy . I can give a alternate description for everyone of that object that 's equally as inventive as yours . but it would be conjecture , not proof . 362 wider angle - to include taylor and nova she be poke she finger inside the decapitate head of the doll . from it come a distort SOUND . doll head mamma ! mamma ! mamma !. the ape stare at the doll in astonishment . Taylor snatch the doll from nova , brandish it at the astonished Zaius . taylor Dr. Zaius ! would a ape make a human doll that talk ? Zaius look at he , speechless . at that moment the crack of a distant rifle shot reverberate through the cavern . all present freeze , listen . zira lucius .... 363 - 364 out 365 full shot - the cavern - reverse angle Taylor alone be armed . raising he rifle , he glower at Zaius . taylor you louse ! cornelius be already crossing the pit . he climb out arid race toward the mouth of the cave . Taylor run after he . Zira and nova hurry after Taylor . 366 mo . shot - zaius expressionless , he look down at the doll , then move toward the mouth of the cave . 367 ext . trail from cave to camp - angling up cornelius emerge from mouth of the cave and run down the trail toward camera . he halt in f.g. , look down at : 368 the camp site - as see from the trail two of Zaius ' gorilla have disarm lucius and be clubbing he with they rifle butt . two other mount ape be drive the scientist ' horse back beyond the tree . 369 ext . the trail - as see from the beach cornelius , Taylor , nova and Zira ( in that order ) can be see high above , descend the trail . camera pull back to disclose a gorilla sniper in immediate f.g. , crouching behind a boulder near the water . he sight he rifle at the man on the trail . Taylor be still too distant to make a sure target , and so the sniper wait . 370 closer angle - taylor on the trail this portion of the trail have no cover or concealment . unaware of the sniper , Taylor look down at the camp as he make he descent . 371 long shot - taylor - as see in the sniper' sight the gorilla fire . 372 close shot - taylor the bullet ricochet off the rock wall a foot above he head . Taylor scan the terrain bewlow , look for the sniper . nova come to he side , point at : 373 the sniper - from there p.o.v. his head be visible behind the boulder as he reload he piece . 374 flash shot he aim and fire . 375 flash shot - the sniper Taylor have miss he , but the sniper duck behind the boulder . 376 the trail - panning with taylor and nova Taylor take she hand and they race back up the trail to where Zira be stand . outcropping of rock offer some cover here . Taylor push nova down behind a rock and signal for Zira to follow suit . 377 close group shot - taylor , nova and zira the sniper 's second shot ring out . instead of return the fire , Taylor look up the rail at : 378 zaius - fro14 taylor be p.o.v. he be stand impassively on the trail a short distance below the mouth of the cave . 379 flash shot - taylor bent low , he come charge up the trail toward Zaius . the sniper 's third shot splatter rock fragment around he . 380 reverse angle - the trail - angling up Zaius start to retreat to the cave , but stumble and fall on some loose shale . no sooner have Zaius regain he foot than Taylor overtake he . seize the ape around the neck with he leave arm . Taylor drive the muzzle of he pistol into Zaius ' kidney . he spin Zaius around , use he as a shield . 381 close two shot - zaius and taylor Taylor release the pressure on Zaius ' throat but keep the gun point at he back . taylor tell he to pull back ! zaius ( a hoarse cry ) cease fire ! withdraw ! his command echoe from the west wall of the canyon . 382 long shot - the floor of the gorge - from there p.o.v . the sniper emerge from behind a boulder near the shore , and walk off along the beach . 383 back to taylor and zaius Taylor lift 's the muzzle of he rifle and press it against the back of Zaius ' head . taylor I ought to kill you right now . ( nudging he ) let 's go . they move off down the trail . 384 ext . archeological camp - mo . shot - day Zira rush down the trail to lucius , who be sprawle on the ground . he have a bloody nose and a lump on he forehead . nova and cornelius come next , then Taylor , prodding Zaius ahead of he at gun point . lucius appear to be more humiliate than hurt . lucius they take I by surprise . sneak up on I while I be water the horse . what 's happen to honor ? ( pause , glum ) I get off one round to warn you . cornelius ( gloomingly ) they have take everything . taylor not everything . they leave a hostage . ( a pause ) how do you feel , lucius ? lucius disillusion ... ( turn on ) but vindicate ! I have be right all along . you can not trust the older generation . it 's a matter of value -- taylor ( gently ) all right , all right . will you do I a favor ? no order . lucius ( pause ) what be it ? taylor I want you to go around the bend and tell that gorilla they leader be my prisoner . lucius ( thoughtfull pause ) yes , I can do that . tayl0r good . say I want a week 's supply of food for the woman and myself . a horse . a spade . and fifty round of ammunition . lucius what if they will not agree to you term ? taylor then tell they Dr. Zaius will not leave here alive . zira ( shocked ) Taylor , you can not . zaius ( calmly ) oh yes he can . he 's a bear killer . ( to lucius ) deliver the message . lucius look to Taylor for confirmation . Taylor nod . the young ape hurry away through the rock . Taylor cross to a useless saddle , pick up a coil of rope , gesture at Zaius , indicate a nearby tree . taylor sit down . over there . Zaius squat on the ground beside the tree . Taylor set he rifle against the trunk , fashion a noose and place it around Zaius ' neck . then , use a ingenious combination of knot , he tie Zaius ' hand behind he back , and finally fasten the rope around the base of the tree . taylor ( as he work ) now , Minister of Science - let I explain certain principle stress and strain . if you exert pressure to remove this bond , you will choke yourself to death . it will be suicide , you see ? Zira and cornelius look down at the captive mandarin . they rebellious spirit have evaporate , and they be clearly afraid . zira Taylor , please -- do not treat he that way . taylor why not ? zira it 's humiliate . taylor be not I humiliate ? by all of you ? do not you lead I around on a leash ? cornelius that be different . we think you be .... inferior . taylor ( wintry smile ) and now you know the truth . ( to Zaius ) cornelius have beat you , Doctor . he prove it . man precede you here . you owe he you science , you language , whatever knowledge you have . zaius ( quietly ) then answer this : if run be superior , why do not he survive ? taylor ( shrugging ) he might have be wipe out by a plague . Natural catastrophe . like a fiery storm of meteor . from the look of this part of you planet , I would say that be a fair bet . zira , ( weakly ) but we can not be sure . taylor ( indicate Zaius ) he be . he know all the time . Long before you discovery , he know . ( to Zaius ) defender of the faith . Guardian of the terrible secret . be not that right , doctor ? 385 - 388 out 389 reverse angle - circle - favoring zaius as Zira and cornelius look at he expectantly . zaius what I know of man be write long ago -- set down by the wisest ape of all -- we lawgiver . ( to cornelius ) open my breast pocket . cornelius cross to Zaius , and take a small book bound in black leather from the breast pocket of he tunic . zaius read it to he : the twentythird scroll , ninth verse . cornelius thumb through the book , find the citation and read aloud : cornelius ' beware the beast man , for he be the devil 's pawn . alone among God 's primate , he kill for sport , or lust or greed . yes , he will murder he brother to possess he brother 's land . let he not breed in great number , for he will make a desert of he home and yours . shun he . drive he back into he jungle lair : for he be the harbinger of death ' . cornelius fall silent and look down at Zaius . zaius ( quietly ) I find nothing in the cave to alter that conception of man . and I still live by its injunction . a-389 another angle - the group lucius hurry out of the rock lead a saddle horse . Zaius ' five mount gorilla appear behind he . Taylor call out to they : taylor stay where you be ! lucius come up with the horse . Taylor check the provision in the saddlebags . lucius be frown . lucius they think you be behave foolishly . I must say I agree . where will you go ? taylor ( nodd o.s . ) I will start by follow the shoreline . ( a smile ) and my nose . zira but suppose you find nothing but a wasteland . how will you survive ? zaius ( firmly ) he will not survive . ( all look at he ) do you know what sort of life await you out there , Taylor ? that of a animal . if you be not eventually hunt down and kill by ape , some jungle beast will devour you . taylor then there be another jungle ? zaius ( shrug ; then , sardonically ) of course , you could return with we . we society might find a place for you and you mate . taylor sure . in a cage . zaius where else , but in a cage , do man belong ? taylor no , thanks . I will take freedom . Taylor mount the horse , extend a help hand to nova , who vault 's nimbly onto the horse 's rump . Taylor look at Zira and cornelius . taylor would you like to come along ? zira we can not . taylor it 's better than go to prison for heresy . cornelius they can not convict we of that . you prove we innocence . besides ... ( indicate Zaius ) ... he culture be we culture . taylor good luck then . he reach down , grasp cornelius ' hand , then grin crookedly . taylor Dr. Zira , I would like to kiss you good - bye . zira all right , but .... ( tear in she eye ) ... you be so damned ugly ! Taylor smile , lean down , kiss she . zira ( softly ) go with God , Taylor . ( half smile ) that 's a old expression . it come from both ape and man . taylor God bless you . he extend he hand to lucius , who take it . taylor lucius . lucius I think you be make a mistake . taylor that 's the boy . keep them fly . lucius what ? taylor the flag of discontent . it 's the only way anything ever get change . ( to Zaius ) do not try to follow we . ( pat stock of he rifle ) I be pretty handy with thing like this . zaius of that I be sure . all my life I have await you come and dread it . like death itself . Taylor look piercingly at Zaius , more troubled than offended . taylor why ? from the first , I have terrify you , Doctor . and in spite of every sign that I be a intelligent be who mean no harm , you continue to hate and fear I . why ? zaius ( calmly , without rancor ) because you be a man . and you be right -- I have always know about man . from the evidence , I believe he wisdom must walk hand in hand with he idiocy . his emotion must rule he brain . he must be a warlike animal who give battle to everything around he -- even himself . taylor what evidence ? no weapon be find in the cave . zaius the forbidden Zone be once a paradise . you breed make a desert of it , age ago . taylor ( he wait , then wearily ) we be back at the beginning . I still do not know the why . a planet where ape evolve from man . a world turn wrong side up . a puzzle with one piece miss . zaius ( softly ) do not look for it , Taylor . you may not like what you find . b-389 wider angle - taylor and the group Taylor shake he head , still baffle , dig he heel into the horse 's flank . it canter off along the sandy shore . Zira , cornelius and lucius sadly watch the departure . zaius untie I ! cornelius move quickly to remove the rope from Zaius ' neck . behind they , the five mount gorilla gallop forward . Zaius get up , wave they to a halt . zaius no , no ! let he go ! c-389 moving shot - taylor and nova on horseback Taylor look back , see that Zaius have stop the mount ape , slow he horse to a trot , smile at nova . 390 - out 405 406 mo . shot - the ape Zaius watch as Taylor 's horse move farther away along the beach . then he turn to a ape call marcus . zaius ( quietly ) fetch you explosive . we be go to seal the cave . marcus yes , sir . he remount he horse and ride o.s . cornelius ( aghast ) seal the cave ? zaius that 's correct . and you will both stand trial for heresy . zira but the proof ? the doll ? zaius in a few minute there will be no doll . there can not be. ( honest regret ) I be sorry . cornelius throw himself at Zaius . cornelius you must not ! you give you ' word ! Zaius look emptily at one of he ape . zaius what I do , I do with no pleasure . silence he . a hairy hand be clapped over cornelius ' mouth . he be drag off , struggle , kick . julius , unafraid , glare at Zaius . lucius Dr. Zaius , this be inexcusable ! why must knowledge stand still ? what about the future ? Zaius look benevolently at julius . zaius I may just have save it for you . julius and Zira look at each other , befuddle . once more they eye follow the retreate figure of Taylor and nova . the beach separate the water from the canyon become narrower as they move downstream . lucius what will he find out there , doctor ? a-406 closeup - zaius his face be a mask , he tone enigmatic . zaius his destiny . b-406 wider angle - tie ape p.o.v. a moment later , as they watch , Taylor and nova vanish around the bend . 407 - out 408 409 ext . palisade and beach - long high angle shot - day Taylor and nova be already far downstream . there be a strike change in the terrain . the area be still desolate , but some vegetation can be see on the palisade above the narrow beach , and the river have widen to form a vast tidal basin where it meet the sea . a note on production : if feasible at new location site , this scene should be shot at high tide , so that the water lap at the base of the cliff , make a passage difficult and risky . 410 closer angle - panning with taylor and nova on horseback he be alert , sniff the salt air , size up the situation . hear the cry of bird , he rein in and look ' up . 411 sky shot - circle bird Sea gull be soar overhead . 412 two shot - taylor and nova on horseback his expression be expectant , search . nova emit a whimper of anticipation , point off . 413 long shot - what they see : a verdant forest atop a distant palisade . they view of the beach below the forest , be cut off by a rocky promontory in the middle distance . 414 close shot - nova and taylor he smile at she hopefully . taylor yes , nova -- I see it . ( look again at forest ) in my old profession green mean safe . Green mean go . the horse move off at a trot , camera panning . but they have go only a short distance when they hear the distant thunder of a explosion . Taylor rein in and look back . 415 very long shot - a cloud of smoke a column of smoke and dust rise from the explode cave far upstream . 416 back to taylor and nova frown with concern , Taylor gaze for a moment at the smoke , then decide this be no time to linger . he dig he heel into the horse 's flank and they move off at a canter , riding toward the promontory that split the beach . they be near the promontory that block they view of the beach beyond . 417 - out 418 419 closer angle - tracking with taylor and nova . as they round the promontory , the tip of a strange rock formation come into view . it appear to be jutting from the sea . 420 reaction shot - taylor he rein in momentarily , baffle by what he see . then he ride on . 421 the strange formation - as see by taylor a immense column jut from the beach at a thirty - degree angle . we can now see that it be not rock , but metal . Green metallic tints show through its gray salt - stain surface . as we draw closer , the object take on the appearance of a massive arm , its top shape like a hand hold a torch . 422 reverse angle - favoring taylor frown with consternation . his horse proceed at a slow walk . 423 tracking with taylor - what he sees : near the base of the column , where the shore and water meet , be a row of metal spike . from this angle they look like tank trap . a-423 closer - taylor dumbfound , he slide from he saddle , approach the spike . nova dismount and follow he . taylor ( a cry of agony ) my God ! he fall to he knee , bury he head in he hand . camera slowly draw back and up to a high angle shot disclose what Taylor have find . half -bury in the sand and wash by the wave be the statue of Liberty . 424 - out 451 fade out the end