plan 9 from Outer Space [ title : " criswell predict ... " ] criswell greeting , my friend . we be all interested in the future , for that be where you and I be go to spend the rest of we life . and remember my friend , future event such as this will affect you in the future . you be interested in the unknown , the mysterious , the unexplainable . that be why you be here . and now , for the first time , we be bring to you the full story of what happen on that fateful day . we be give you all the evidence , base only on the secret testimony of the miserable soul who survive this terrifying ordeal . the incident , the place , my friend we can not keep this a secret any longer . let we punish the guilty , let we reward the innocent . my friend , can you heart stand the shocking fact about grave robber from outer space ? [ title sequence ] [ SMALL funeral , everyone completely silent ] criswell all of we on this earth , know that there be a time to live , and that there be a time to die , yet death be always a shock to that leave behind . it be even more of a shock , when death , the proud brother , come suddenly without warning . just at sundown , a small group , gather in silent prayer around the newly - open grave of the beloved wife of a elderly man . sundown of the day , yet also the sundown of the old man 's heart , for the shadow of grief cloud he very reason . the funeral over , the sadden group leave the graveside . it be when the gravediggers start they task that strange thing begin to take place . [ inside cockpit of airplane , two pilot ] danny Fifteen to four . yup , right on schedule . there 's the ol ' San Fernando Valley out there now . jeff you better radio in for landing instruction , Danny . danny right , jeff. burbank Tower , this be american Flight 812 , over . would not surprise I any if he 's asleep this time of the morning . operator american Flight 812 , this be burbank Tower . if I be asleep you would never get on the ground ! you case maybe you would be up there for good . over . danny you get I that time , Mac . this american Flight 812 request - [ cockpit shake , pilot look out window to see a flying saucer ] operator burbank Tower to american Flight 812 , over . burbank Tower to american Flight 812 , over . danny Holy mackeral . operator burbank Tower to american Flight 812 , be you in trouble ? [ enter flight attendant ] edith trouble ? danny take a look for yourself . edith what in the world ... danny that 's nothing from this world . operator burbank Tower to american Flight 812 , be you in trouble ? be you in trouble ? danny mayday , mayday . stand by , burbank Tower . jeff do you suppose the passenger see it ? edith I doubt it . most of they be asleep . but it be quite a jolt , Jeff . I will check . jeff good . we will get they ready for landing . keep it quiet until we get instruction . edith right . jeff okay Danny . danny american Flight 812 report to burbank Tower , over . [ shot of flying saucer ] [ cemetery , two gravediggers ] gravedigger # 1 D ' you hear anything gravedigger # 2 I think I do . gravedigger # 1 do not like hearin ' noise . ' specially when there be not s'pose to be any . gravedigger # 2 yeah , sorta spooky - like . gravedigger # 1 maybe we be get ' old . gravedigger # 2 whatever it be it 's go now . gravedigger # 1 that 's the best thing for we too . go . gravedigger # 2 yeah , let 's go . [ they begin to walk away , be greeted by vampira , who somehow manage to kill they both from ten feet away ] gravedigger # 1 & 2 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! [ external shot of house , old man walk out ] criswell the grief of he wife 's death become great and great agony . the home they have so long share together , become a tomb . a sweet memory of she joyous live . the sky to which she have once look , be now only a cover for she dead body . the ever- beautiful flower she have plant with she own hand , become nothing more than the lose rose of she cheek . confused by he great loss , the old man leave that home , never to return again . [ man walk off -screen and be it hit by a car ] [ cemetery , nighttime ] criswell at the funeral of the old man , unknown to he mourner , he dead wife be watch . woman mourner first he wife , then he . man mourner tragic . woman mourner tell I something . why be he wife bury in the ground , and he seal in a crypt ? man mourner something to do with family tradition . a superstition of some sort . woman mourner oh . man mourner well , it 's get ' dark . we would best be on we way . criswell then , as two of he mourner leave he final rest place . [ woman discover the body of the gravediggers ] woman mourner aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! look !! [ outside of police station , men getting into car ] [ back to cemetery ] criswell Minutes later , the police , lead by Inspector Daniel clay , arrive at the scene . clay who find he ? patrolman larry the man and girl . clay Medical , uh , examiner be ' round yet ? patrolman larry just leave . the morgue wagon oughta be along most any time . clay you get they statement ? patrolman larry yeah , much as we could . they be pretty scared . clay find a mess like this oughta make anyone frighten . have one of the boy take the guy and the girl back to town . you take charge . lieutenant harper okay Inspector . what be you gonna do ? clay look around a little . lt . harper once you get beyond that light you will not be able to see you hand in front of you face . clay I will get one of the flashlight from the patrol car . lt . harper you be careful clay . clay I be a big boy now , johnny . [ clay walk through graveyard ] [ back to crime scene ] lt . harper look like a bobcat tore through they . patrolman larry say Lieutenant , d' you get that funny odour ? lt . harper how could I miss it ? [ siren ] oh , that will be the morgue wagon now . [ outside the trent house , paula and jeff trent be sitting on the patio ] paula that 's the fifth siren in the last hour . jeff oh , something 's happen down at the cemetery . a lot of police car and light . I stop but I do not see anything . oh well , whatever it be , the morning paper will carry the whole story . paula you seem to still be up there somewhere . jeff maybe I be . paula I do not think I have ever see you in this mood before . jeff I guess it 's because I have never be in this mood before . paula something about you flight ? jeff yeah . paula what happen , Jeff ? jeff I see a fly saucer . paula a saucer ? you mean the kind from up there ? jeff yeah , or its counterpart . I be shape like a huge cigar . Dan [ something ] see it too . when it pass over , the whole compartment light up with a blind glare . then there be a tremendous wind that practically knock we off we course . paula well do you report it ? jeff yeah , radioe in immediately and they say well keep it quiet until you land . then as soon as we land , big army brass grab we and make we swear to secrecy about the whole thing . oh , it burn I up . this thing have be see for year . they be here , it 's a fact . and the public oughta know about it . paula there must be something more you can do about it . jeff oh no there be not . oh , but what 's the point of make a fuss . last night I see a fly object that could not possibly have be from this planet . but I can not say a word . I be muzzle by army brass ! I can not even admit I see the thing ! [ back to graveyard , clay be attacked by ghoul man and vampira , fire a few shot , and be ultimately snuffed , as we say ] [ back to crime scene ] lt . harper sound like clay 's in trouble . patrolman larry Bet that apparition we see have something to do with it . lt . harper come on . [ they run off - screen and eventually find clay . larry check he pulse ] be he dead ? patrolman larry yeah . he 's mess up as bad as that two back there . s'pose that saucer or whatever it be have something to do with this ? lt . harper you guess be as good as mine , Larry . but one thing 's sure . Inspector clay be dead ...murdered ... and somebody 's responsible ! larry you be in charge now , Lieutenant . lt . harper yeah , guess I be . kelton . kelton yes Sir ? lt . harper get back up to the car and get on the radio . tell the coroner he 's gotta make another trip out here . kelton well how ' bout the lab boy ? lt . harper well who do you think we leave back at the car , boy scout ? come on , Larry . [ clay's funeral ] rev . lynn lemon Greater love hath no man , than to lay down he life for another . it be always difficult to have last word over the grave of a friend . and Inspector Daniel clay be a friend . a dear friend to I and to all of we . the bell have rung upon he great career . now we lay he to rest . a rest well deserve , but so premature . [ sequence in which ufo fly over hollywood , and people get scare . then we go to WASHINGTON , where col . edwardsonel edward look through he binoculars as stock footage from WWII show men firing large rocket that when fire at the ufo seem to be no more than firecrackers . all the while criswell be giving one of he speech .] criswell people turn south from the freeway be startle when they see three fly saucer high over Hollywood boulevard . a woman , startle by the sight in the sky , telephone the police . there come a time in each man 's life , when he can not even believe he own eye . saucer see over Hollywood ! Flying saucer see over Washington d.c . the army convoy move into the field . rocket be quickly set up . col . edwardsonel Tom Edwards , in charge of saucer field activity , be to make the great decision of he career . he make that decision . col . edwardsonel Edwards give the signal to fire . then as swiftly as they have come , they be go . even to the pierce eye of radar and the speed jet fighter . army guy quite a sight , be not it Sir . edward a sight I would rather not be see . army guy be you worried about they Sir ? edward well , they must have a reason for they visit . army guy visit ? well that would indicate visitor ! be big gun the usual way of welcoming visitor ? edward we have not always fire at they . army guy oh ? edward for a time we try to contact they by radio , but no response . then they attack a town . a small town , I will admit . but nevertheless a town of people . people who die . army guy I never hear about that Sir . edward well , it be cover up by the higher echelon . take any fire , any earthquake , any major disaster , then wonder . Flying saucer , Captain , be still a rumour . officially . captain look like we beat they off again Sir . edward what do they want ... where be they from ... where be they go ... captain they , Sir ? who ? oh , this be a training manoeuver , Sir . we only do a little practice fire at the cloud . edward yeah . I wonder what they next move will be . criswell what will they next move be ? [ inside spaceship , two men ...er- two " alien " , one sitting ] messenger you space commander have return from Earth . ruler send he in . [ enter eros and tanna ] ruler you have you report ? eros we have to pull in here to Space Station 7 for regeneration . we be return to the planet Earth immediately thereafter . ruler what progress have be make ? eros we contact government official . they refuse over existence . ruler what plan will you follow now ? eros plan 9 . it 's be absolutely impossible to work through this Earth creature . they soul be too control . ruler plan 9... ah yes . plan 9 deal with the resurrection of the dead . long-distance electrode shot into the pinion pituitary gland of recent dead . have you attempt any of this plan as yet ? eros yes excellency . ruler how successful have it be ? eros we have rise two so far . we shall be just as successful on more . ruler the live ... they have no suspicion of you movement ? eros we have to dispose of one policeman . however , none of that rise have be see . at least , not by anyone who still remain alive . ruler it 's too bad it must be handle this way . however it must . that who take from the grave will lead the way for we other operation . eros yes , excellency . ruler continue on . report to I in two Earth day . [ just outside first room ] tanna I fear his excellency would not take we report this well . eros well have he be deal with we own people he reaction would have be completely different . he understand the difficulty of the Earth race . tanna what do you think will be the next obstacle the Earth people will put in we way ? eros well , as long as they can think we will have we problem . but that whom we be use cannot think . they be the dead . bring to a simulate life by we electrode gun . you know , it 's a interesting think when you consider ... the Earth people , who can think , be so frighten by that who cannot : the dead . well we ship should be regenerate . we better get start . [ outside trent house ] jeff I still think you oughta go in town and stay with you mother until I get back . paula this be we home and nothing 's go to take I from it . besides , most man try and keep they wife from go home to momma . jeff that 's not the point . paula that 's all the point there 's go to be . now toddle off and fly you fly machine , darling . but if you see any more fly saucer , will you tell they to pick another house to buzz ? do not worry about I . jeff oh you be the only thing I do worry about . oh forget about the fly saucer . they be up there . but there 's something in that cemetery , and that 's too close for comfort . paula the saucer be up there . and the cemetery 's out there . but I will be lock up in there . now off to you wild blue yonder . jeff you promise you will lock the door immediately ? paula I promise . besides , I will be in bed before half a hour be go , with you pillow beside I . jeff my pillow ? paula well , I have to have something to keep I company while you be away . sometimes in the night when it do get a little lonely , I reach over and touch it , then it do not seem so lonely anymore . jeff a crazy kid . I do love you , darlin ' . see you Thursday . paula Goodbye , honey . jeff you know I be not leave here until you be lock safely inside . paula all right , darling . if you be especially nice I may even lock the side door . jeff and be sure you keep the yard light on . [ cockpit , same as before ] danny you be mighty silent this trip , Jeff . jeff huh ? danny you have not speak ten word since takeoff . jeff I guess I be preoccupy , Danny . danny we have get thirty - three passenger back there that have time to be preoccupy . Flying this flybird do not give you that opportunity . jeff I guess you be right , Danny . danny Paula ? jeff yeah . danny there 's nothing wrong between you two ? jeff oh no , nothing like that . just that I be worried , she be there alone and that strange thing fly over the house and that incident in the graveyard the past few day . it 's just get I worried . danny well , I have not figure out that crazy skybird yet but I give you fifty to one odd the police have figure out that cemetery thing by now . [ enter edith ] jeff I hope so . edith if you be really that worried Jeff why do not you radio in and find out ? Mac should be on duty at the field by now . he could call Paula and relay the message to you . danny hi edith . edith hi silent . I have not hear a word from this end of the plane since we leave the field . danny Jeff 's be give I and himself a study in silence . edith you boy be feudin ' ? jeff oh no edie , nothing like that . danny hey edie , how about you and I balling [ bawling ? ] it up in albuquerque ? edith albuquerque ? have you read that flight schedule Boy ? danny what about it ? edith we land in albuquerque at 4 be . that 's strictly a nine o'clock town . danny well I know a friend that will help we -- edith let 's have a problem first , huh Danny . [ ? ] danny ah he 's worried about Paula . edith I read about that cemetery business . I try to get you kid to not buy too near one of that thing . we get there soon enough as it be . danny he think it would be quiet and peaceful there . edith no doubt about that . it 's quiet alright , like a tomb . I be sorry Jeff , that be a bad joke . say . , I almost forget what I come in here for . how 's the coffee situation ? danny mmmm that 's for I . jeff that sure would not hurt anything , edie . edith okay , I will be right back . and say Jeff , make that call to you wife . danny huh , not only will she throw water on my albuquerque plan but now she 's repeat herself . how ' bout that albuquerque ball ? edith I can not resist you charm , Danny Boy . [ lightning , then we go to a cemetery and a man walk out ... the famous bela footage ] criswell resident near the cemetery pay little attention to the blast of thunder and the flash of lightning . but from the blast , arise the move figure of the dead old man . [ inside mrs . trent's bedroom ] paula hello ? who ? Mac ? well , hi Mac ! sure I be all right . I just fall asleep . tell Jeff I be all right . okay Mac . thanks for call . goodnight . [ sequence during which bela and he " double " enter the trent house and chase paula into the graveyard , where we see clay climb out of he grave and then attack paula , with vampira at he side . eventually , paula find her way out of the graveyard , and must have gone through some sort of a time vortex because it be now daytime . a farmer come to her aid ] farmer Mrs. trent ! Mrs. trent ! what 's wrong ? [ farmer pick her up , put her in he car , start it up and drive away ] [ inside smaller ship ] eros they will be at the hatch in a moment . you can open it now , tanna . turn off the electrode quickly . they can not tell we from anyone else . [ cemetery , two policemen ] jamie it 's tough to find something when you do not know what you be look for . kelton I do not think the Lieutenant do either . jamie then what be do out here ? I be off duty a hour ago . kelton ah do not ask I any question . I be just a hardhand [ hat ? head ? ] just like you . [ different part of cemetery ] larry what do you suppose that noise be ? lt . harper whatever it be it 's no more strange than the other thing happen around this cemetery . larry spirit like Old Farmer caulder talk about . lt . harper heh . maybe . larry the only spirit he see tonight be that I smell on he breath . lt . harper well do not forget Mrs. trent claim to have see they too . she do not have anything on she breath . larry she be hysterical . lt . harper well true , she be frighten , and in a state of shock . but , do not forget that tear nightgown and the scratch foot . larry yeah I have not think of that . I guess that 's why you be a detective lieutenant and I be still a uniform cop . lt . harper sometimes it 's only the break , Larry . in the meantime let 's get - [ kelton and jamie come running in ] kelton Lieutenant , Lieutenant ! do you hear that ? larry how could we help it ? policeman it sure be strange . kelton know what it be ? lt . harper no more than you do . policeman if it be not for order I would get out of here right now . lt . harper it be a saucer . policeman a fly saucer ? larry what make you say that ? lt . harper you remember the noise we hear the other night ? larry we be knock to the ground , how could I forget ? lt . harper exactly , but you be not remember that sound . larry there you be wrong , Lieutenant . I be with a fact the sound be similar , but what about the blind light ? lt . harper well have not you hear ? many time a saucer have not have a glow , or a light of any kind for that matter . larry that prove it . what next lietenant ? kelton maybe this do not mean much , but uh Jamie and I find a grave that look like it 's be busting into . lo. harper what ? where ? kelton why uh why ... lt . harper come on man out with it , we have not get all day to waste . kelton uh , just over there beyond the crypt . lt . harper all right , show we the way ! [ clay's grave ] kelton look , here it be Lieutenant . lt . harper ah it 's be break into all right . larry strange . if someone have break in , the dirt should be pile up here somewhere . it look like it 's fall in into the grave . lt . harper Larry you will be out of that uniform before you know it . larry do we have the right to look down there Lieutenant ? lt . harper ah , technically no . larry no ? lt . harper well , this spot look familiar , though . we should not investigate any further without the permission of next of kin . kelton let 's go get it ! lt . harper how ? larry I see what you mean , the gravestone 's down there . lt . harper well , let 's go down and find out who 's grave it be . kelton how ? lt . harper by go down and find out ! kelton be you sure you mean that Lieutenant ? lt . harper if I do not mean it I would not have say it . larry scare ? kelton well , why do I always get hook up with this spook detail ? monster , grave , body , ...oooh all right . [ enter grave ] casket 's here , but nobody 's in it . lt . harper can you read the name on the casket ? kelton it 's too dark . give I a flashlight . lt . harper how ' bout a match ? kelton we sure could try it . let I have they ! it 's Inspector clay 's grave ! be he be not in it ! [ aerial shot of pentagon ] criswell but meanwhile , in the Pentagon , in Washington DC ... [ inside a office , man sitting behind desk ] general robert try g2 ... [ knock at door ]... come in ! yes of course , I will keep in touch . come in , col . edwardsonel Edwards . Close the door . at ease , col . edwardsonel . col . edward . edward thank you , sir. general robert sit down . I understand , col . edwardsonel , you have be on tap for many of we saucer attack . col . edward . edward I be in charge of field operation , Sir . general robert you believe there be such thing as fly saucer , col . edwardsonel ? col . edward . edward yessir . general robert you have see they ? col . edward . edward yessir . general robert you realize there 's a government directive state that there be no such thing as a fly saucer ? col . edward . edward yessir . general robert do you stand by you statement that you have see fly saucer ? col . edward . edward well , uh , yessir . general robert this could mean a court marshall . admit this against direct order . col . edward . edward General Roberts , may I speak freely ? general robert you may . col . edward how could I hope to hold down my command if I do not believe in what I see and shot at ? general robert I , uh , like you Colonel . col . edward thank you , sir. general robert there be fly saucer . there 's no doubt they be in we sky . they have be there for some time . col . edward what be we go to do about they ? general robert who know ? col . edward then , uh , they really be there ? general robert I think you be convinced of that ! col . edward I be . general robert we have have contact with they . col . edward contact ? how ? general robert Radio . col . edward they speak we language ? general robert well not quite . we receive message from they space ship . for a while it come in as just a lot of jumble noise . col . edward and now , Sir ? general robert well since they first uh try contact with we by radio , we have develop a language computer . a machine that break down any language to we own . col . edward General , uh , what 's this all get to do with I ? general robert well you have be in charge of saucer field activity for a long while . I think it 's about time you hear this recording . do you mind ? col . edward mind ? huh , I be anxious ! [ general robert plays the recording ] voice on recording this be eros , a space soldier from a planet of you galaxy . I fully realize we language difference , however I also know you finally have perfect the dictorobitary , or as you on Earth put it , the language computer . so you can now understand that which I speak . since the beginning of you time , we have be far beyond you planet . it have take you century to even grasp what we develop eon of you year ago . do you still believe it impossible we exist ? you do not actually think you be the only inhabit planet in the universe ? how can any race be so stupid ? permit I to set you mind at ease . we do not want to conquer you planet . only save it . we could have destroy it long ago , if that have be we aim . we principal purpose be friendly . I admit , we have have to take certain mean which you might refer to as criminal , but that be because of you big gun which have destroy some of we representative . if you persist in deny we we landing , then we must only accept that you do not want we on friendly term . we then have no alternative but to destroy you before you destroy we . with you ancient , juvenile mind , you have develop explosive too fast for you mind to conceive what you be do . you be on the verge of destroy the entire universe . we be part of that universe . this be we last - general robert that 's the end of that one . atmospheric condition in outer space often interfere with transmit . col . edward how many of this recording do you have General ? general robert a even dozen up to now . this be the last one . we receive it over a month ago . col . edward do you think they mean business ? general robert we can not afford to take any chance . come over here . you ever be to Hollywood ? col . edward oh a couple of time . a few year ago . general robert you be go to be there in the morning . just a few minute from Hollywood , in the town of San Fernando , report have come in of saucer fly so low the exhaust knock people to the ground . there have even be state claim of saucer landing . Major carlson will replace you while you be out there . you be the best man for the job of attempt to contact they . find they , Colonel . see what in hell it be they want ! col . edward all right , sir. general robert this be confidential report , Colonel . read they over carefully on the plane , turn they over to intelligence when you get to Los Angeles . they will have further order for disposition . col . edward yessir . general robert Colonel Edwards ? col . edward yessir ? general robert good luck . col . edward thank you , sir. [ inside mother ship ] eros we be ready to report , excellency . ruler you be many day late . eros it be unavoidable . we try to transmit via televisor , but atmospheric condition make transmission impossible . ruler you should have transmit as soon as condition permit . eros I think time be of the essence . suspicion have fall upon we movement . we ship have be view near the point of operation . ruler and what have this extra time gain , eros ? eros we have successfully rise three of the dead one . ruler permit I to see one . eros [ to tanna ] bring in the big one . use you small electrode gun . ruler I have take two ship from you command . eros but ... that will leave only my ship ! ruler it be necessary that you continue you mission alone . I have need of you other ship elsewhere . even though you have rise three of the Earth dead , the plan be far from successful , and you eros , must prove it a operational success before more time , energy , and ship , may be spend on it . eros we will not fail . everything be on we side . ruler not everything ! you do not have the live Earth people ! you report that you ship be view at scene of you present operation ? eros that be correct . ruler they have be view many time , but not at the scene of operation . something must be do about that . [ tanna bring in clay , who immediately start after eros ] eros stop he tanna ! he 's close enough ! turn off you electrode gun ! no ! no ! stop he tanna ! tanna I can not get it , it 's jamme ! eros stop he you fool ! ruler Drop the gun to the floor , tanna ! the metal will break contact ! eros [ gasp ] that be too close ! ruler yes . bring the giant here that I may get a better look at he . yes , he 's a fine specimen . be they all this powerful on planet Earth ? eros this one be a exception , excellency . ruler what be the other two like ? eros one be a woman , the other a old man . ruler a old man , you say ? eros yes , excellency . ruler this give I a plan . put the big one away . eros pick up you electrode gun . make sure it 's in work order before point it at he . tanna whatever make it jam must have be clear by the fall . eros take he back to the ship . ruler the old one must be sacrifice . re-land on Earth . send the old one to enter a dwelling . then cut off the electrokinetic and turn on you ship 's decomposure ray . the result will astound that watch . astound they enough to delay they attention until you have gain you other recruit from the cemetery . eros yes , excellency . it will be do . ruler report to I when this have be accomplish . eros , the Earth people be get to that which we fear . since they will not listen or respect we existence , they can not help but believe we power when they see they own dead walk ' round again , bring about by we advancement in such thing . as soon as you have enough of the dead recruit , march they on the capital of the Earth , let nothing stand in you way . they own dead will be use to make they accept we existence , and believe in that fact . [ outside trent house car pull up with lt . harper , kelton , and colonel edward ] lt . harper Mr. and Mrs. trent ... this be Colonel Edwards from Washington DC . paula good evening , Colonel . jeff hello Colonel . lt . harper Colonel would like to ask you a few question . jeff question ? what about , Colonel ? col . edward May I , uh , sit down ? paula oh , I be sorry , please do . col . edward I want to ask you about you strange experience the other night , when you see the fly saucer . [ shot of flying saucer , basically so we don't have to hear what happened again ] paula after that the police bring I home . I hope I never see such a sight again . col . edward well after you description I do not think I would want to see it either . one thing more ... after you be force to the ground by that blast of wind , be it a hot or cold blast ? jeff it 's kind of hard to explain . it be not hot , be not cold , it be just a terrific force . we - we could not get off the ground . paula the light blind I so badly I could not see a thing . we could only feel the pressure of the wind , until it be go . when the glare leave we , we could see a glow ball disappear off in the distance . col . edward which way ? paula toward the cemetery . col . edward this be the most fantastic story I have ever hear . jeff and every word of it 's true , too . col . edward that 's the fantastic part of it . lt . harper we find a lot of suspicious thing out in that cemetery . then again , do not find anything to base a fact or suspicion on . hey , do you hear anything . you see anything out there kelton ? kelton too dark , Lieutenant . but something 's start stinking awful bad . jeff there 's something out there . [ old man walk out , they shoot at it . the ship turn on its decomposure ray , and the ghoul be reduced to a pile of bone ] col . edward what do you make of that ? lt . harper you get I ! it do not look that way a minute ago . oh , in the excitement I forget all about kelton . oh , he will be all right in a few minute . kelton do you see that thing ? do you get it ? lt . harper we get it . kelton what be it ? it do not fall ... I fire every bullet I have . lt . harper so do I . I do not know what it be or what happen , but unless that bag of bone can reassemble itself , it 's out of the run now . [ back at cemetery ] lt . harper Colonel I have be out here so often you would think I would take a lease on this place . col . edward not a long lease , I hope . lt . harper I see what you mean . but you know , I can not help but feel the answer 's out here somewhere . col . edward be the uh girl safe ? lt . harper Mrs . trent you would better stay with the car . mrs stay here alone ? not on you life . lt . harper modern woman ... col . edward yeah , they be that way all down through the age . especially in a spot like this . lt . harper kelton ! kelton yessir ? lt . harper stay with Mrs. trent . kelton all right , Lieutenant . jeff now you stay close to the officer , honey . paula I would feel safer with you . jeff now the Lieutenant know best . paula oh I do not like it , but I guess there be not much I can do about it . lt . harper [ to jeff ] you have a gun ? jeff no . lt . harper know how to use one ? jeff after four year in the Marine Corps ? lt . harper here . jeff you think we will need this ? lt . harper you can never tell . let 's get go . jeff what do you expect to find out here ? lt . harper well there 's only one answer to that Mr. trent , we will know when we find it . Inspector clay 's grave be right over here . col . edward be that the one you tell I be break into ? lt . harper yes . col . edward this it ? lt . harper yeah . col . edward look to I like someone have break out instead of in . lt . harper I figure that , but that 's impossible ! col . edward I wonder . lt . harper look , Colonel , some thing just can not happen . col . edward yeah well after that apparition that be drape across Mr. trent 's patio , I would say we should keep we mind open to anything . lt . harper look , Colonel , I be a policeman . I have get to deal in fact . but , I guess I will have to go along with you . you know I bet my badge right now we have not see the last of that weirdy . [ spaceship ] eros they will discover we ship soon . tanna you go to let they find we ? eros it 's the only way . this be the same man who have be so close so often . they must be halt before they can inform other about we . tanna but there be other in the car ! eros they will be take too . send the big one to get the girl and the policeman . I will turn on the dictorobitary so we may converse with they . [ clay's grave ] jeff you know , maybe we be bark up the wrong tree . lt . harper one thing a policeman learn , Mr. trent , be patience . col . edward where the burn spot you mention . lt . harper right over the - look ! [ shot of something glowing behind tree ] lt . harper we will investigate , but move carefully . [ back at the car , kelton be attacked by clay ] kelton ahh ... ahhhhhhhh ! [ clay walk over to car ] paula aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! [ spaceship ] eros ( look out window ) a moment or two more , and you will be the first live Earth people ever to enter a celestial ship . [ outside ship ] lt . harper wow ...boy , how could anything that big hide for so long a time ? col . edward never hear metal sound like that before . what do you see ? lt . harper only my reflection . must be some kind of one - way glass . col . edward how do you get into this thing ? jeff I be not sure I want to find out . [ ship ] eros they be just outside . you can open the outer hatch now . [ outside ] lt . harper look out ! jeff you goin ' in that thing ? col . edward that 's what we be here for . jeff I do not know , the way this thing speed around we might just get in there and pft ! off it go . col . edward that 's a chance we take . lt . harper well , I take a chance on that earlier airplane . might just as well see what the inside of one of this look like . get you gun ready ? jeff I tell you one thing , if a little green man jump out at I I be shoot first and ask question later . [ ship ] tanna they're in the outer chamber now . eros , do we have to kill they ? eros yes . tanna it seem such a waste . eros well would not it be better to kill a few now than , with they meddle , permit they to destroy the entire universe ? tanna you be always right , eros . eros of course . but that be not my word , that be the word of the ruler . [ the three men enter the room , gun ready ] lt . harper now you two stay right where you be at . eros we will do as you command . for the moment . lt . harper no for the moment about it . you just do as I tell you . eros you do not need gun . they would be of no use to you now . lt . harper they have be mighty useful before on flesh and blood , and you two look like you have get a lot of both . eros true , they would be effective upon we . if you be to have the opportunity to use they ... jeff mister , if you do not get away from that control board I will show you just how effective they can be . eros shall we talk now , or wait ? ` you friend will be here shortly . lt . harper what friend ? eros that you leave at the vehicle . jeff if you have do anything to Paula ...! col . edward take it easy Mr. trent . eros oh I assure you , no harm have come to she . would you like to see ? [ jeff shoot the control board ] jeff next time you try that I will not aim at the board . eros you be a headstrong young man . I be only go to turn on the televisor so you could see she movement . lt . harper go ahead , my friend , but move very carefully . eros she 's only faint . jeff you fiend ! eros I ? a fiend ? I be a soldier of we planet ! i? a fiend ? we do not come here as enemy . we come only with friendly intention . to talk . to ask you aid . col . edward we aid ? eros yes . you aid for the whole universe . but you government of eath refuse even to accept we existence . even though you have see we , hear we message , you still refuse to accept we . col . edward why be it so important that you want to contact the government of we Earth ? eros because of death . because all you of Earth be idiot ! jeff now you just hold on , buster . eros no you hold on . first be you firecracker , a harmless explosive . then you handgrenade . they begin to kill you own people a few at a time . then the bomb , then a larger bomb . many people be kill at one time . then you scientist stumble upon the atom bomb . Split the atom . then the hydrogen bomb , where you actually explode the air itself . now you [ audio jump ] bring the destruction of the entire universe , serve by we sun . the only explosion leave be the solaronite . col . edward why there 's no such thing . eros perhaps to you . but we have know it for century . you scientist will stumble upon it as they have all the other . but the juvenile mind you possess will not comprehend its strength , until it 's too late . col . edward you be way above we head . eros the solaronite be a way to explode the actual particle of sunlight . col . edward why that 's impossible . eros even now , you scientist be work on a way to harness the sun 's ray . the ray of sunlight be minute particle . be it so far from you imagination they can not do as I have suggest ? col . edward why a particle of sunlight can not even be see or measure . eros can you see or measure a atom ? yet you can explode one . a ray of sunlight be make up many atom . jeff so what if we do develop this solaronite bomb ? we would be even a stronger nation than now . eros stronger . you see ? you see ? you stupid mind ... stupid ! stupid !! jeff that 's all I be take from you ! [ jeff leap at eros ] lt . harper get back here you jerk ! let he finish . eros it 's because of man like you that all must be destroy . headstrong , violent ! no use of the mind God give you . jeff you talk of God ? eros you also think it impossible that we , too , might think of God ? you , [ to col . edward ] who wear the uniform of you country . you see , I wear the uniform of my country . yes , we have have to use drastic mean to get to you , but you leave we no alternative . when you have the solaronite , you have nothing . nor , do the universe . col . edward you speak of solaronite , but just what be it ? eros take a can of you gasoline . say this can of gasoline be the sun . now you spread a thin a line of it to a ball , represent the Earth . now , the gasoline represent the sunlight , the sun particle . here we saturate the ball with the gasoline , the sunlight . then we put a flame to the ball . the flame will speedily travel around the Earth , back along the line of gasoline to can , or the sun itself . it will explode this source , and spread to every place that gasoline , or sunlight , touch . explode the sunlight here , gentlemen , and you explode the universe . explode the sunlight here , and a chain reaction will occur , direct to the sun itself . and to all the planet that sunlight touch . to every planet in the universe . this why you must be stop . this be why any mean must be use to stop you . in a friendly manner , or as it seem , you want it . lt . harper he 's mad . tanna mad ? be it mad that you destroy other people to save yourselves ? you have do this . be it mad that one country must destroy another to save themselves ? you have also do this . how then be it mad that one planet must destroy another that threaten the very existence - eros that 's enough !! in my land , woman be for advance the race , not for fight man 's battle . life be not so expansive on my planet . we do not cling to it like you do . we entire aim be for the development of we planet . [ back at the car , kelton now inside it . larry pull up beside he ] larry what happen to you ? kelton how come you be all alone ? I ask for lot of help ! larry you sound drunk or something on the radio . kelton if I do not see it with my own eye I would never have believe it ! larry believe what ? kelton it be horrible ! and he almost break my shoulder ! larry look , what be you try to say ? if you do not make sense we will never get to the bottom of this . now who slugge you ? kelton Inspector clay . larry what ? kelton it be clay all right , only not like we remember he . well he grave be bust into , be not it ? larry next you will tell I you see skeleton . kelton we do , earlier . larry now I know you be off you rocker . kelton all of we see , the Lieutenant , the col . edwardsonel , everybody ! larry where 's the Lieutenant now ? kelton we have gotta find they . Mrs. trent be go ! I be leave here to guard she . then clay show up and put I out of the run . and the second time tonight and I be get darn tired of it ! larry which way be they go ? kelton oh , that way . larry come on ! [ back in ship , eros looking out window , still go on ...] eros then one day it could all be go , in one big puff of smoke and ball of fire . all that out there , the star , the planet , all just a empty void . lt . harper you two have better come along with we . eros come with you ? where ? lt . harper the police station . eros aaaaahahahahahahahahaha ! so it seem you think you have the upper hand . look out there . lt . harper Jeff . [ window reveal clay holding paula ] eros she be unharme , but he would kill in second if I so choose . [ larry and kelton approach ship ] larry Holy cow ! look there . it 's clay all right , there 's no mistake that . kelton and he 's get Mrs. trent ! larry get you gun ready . kelton from all I have see tonight gun will not do any good . clay be dead , and we bury he . how be we go to kill somebody that 's already dead ? Dead ! and yet there he stand ! that other one earlier I emptied a full clip into he . larry I be see it , that 's the only reason I be listen to you . look , I have get a idea . hurt he or not , we have get to try something . I be go to sneak up behind he and whop he over the head . that oughta make he move . follow I . even when clay be alive he could not run fast enough to catch I , so when he do , you grab Mrs. trent and run like lightning in the opposite direction . kelton oh , you think it will work ? larry know anything else to try ? [ they do so , clay fall and drop paula . she come to . ] paula oh , I will be all right . take care of the other . [ ship ] eros you man have fell the big one . this could only happen because the electrode ray be off . he will walk again when I turn it on . lt . harper hold it , right there . [ fight break out ] [ outside ] larry suppose the Lieutenant and the other be in that thing ! kelton well suppose there be martian or something in there ! [ ship , fight still go on ] lt . harper come on , let 's go . [ outside ] larry open up in there , open up ! col . edward get that door open . lt . harper Colonel I would not know one switch from another . tanna hold on eros , I will have the ship in the air in a minute ! [ col . edward eventually open the door ] col . edward get out of here , Jeff ! the ship 's on fire ! [ the men run out of the ship ] tanna eros ! eros everything 's on fire ! hurry , wake up eros ! eros , eros , wake up , wake up ! eros ! eros wake up , eros ! God wake up ! [ outside ] lt . harper oh , I wonder if that 's the last we will see of they ? col . edward perhaps , but sooner or later there will be other . larry look ! paula have they catch that woman , that thing yet ? lt . harper hey that 's right , there 's another ghoul run loose . col . edward and it 's my guess that she will look like he . with the ship and the ray gun go , they have no control . we get to hand it to they though , they be far ahead from we . [ ship ] tanna Fire ! eros ! aaaaaaaaah ! [ ship blows up ] [ back to criswell ] criswell my friend , you have see this incident base on swear testimony . can you prove that it do not happen ? perhaps on you way home , you will pass someone in the dark , and you will never know it , for they will be from outer space . many scientist believe that another world be watch we this moment . we once laugh at the horseless carriage , the aeroplane , the telephone , the electric light , vitamin , radio , and even television ! and now some of we laugh at outer space . God help we ... in the future . the end transcribe by Jake Royal back ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;