plastic man by Larry and Andy wachowski March 17 , 1995 fade in : int . cage we be a lab mouse . we world be a cage ; the laboratory beyond the wire mesh have the sprawling limitlessness of a universe with dark endless void and immense technological instrument gleam with celestial light . we can hear a woman' voice though we can not understand what she be say . there be several other lab mouse in we cage and as the voice get closer there be sense of mount apprehension . we fight the other mouse , push into the far corner . suddenly the world beyond the mesh be eclipse by the woman . if we be not a mouse , we might think she be beautiful . she open the cage and a panic erupt . there be nowhere to hide as she hand reach in and take hold of we . the cage seem to fall away as she lift we . we can barely hear she voice over the blood pound in we ear . she turn we over and we see a enormous hypodermic needle that she use to inject we with a sapphire - blue fluid . we be then place in a small air-tight tank . there be a small plexiglas window and several tiny hole . after a moment we hear the hiss of valve open . a milky fluid suddenly flood the chamber and we begin to feel nauseous , we vision blurring and distorting . as quickly as the fluid fill the tank it now drain . the god-like hand again lift we from the tank but something be wrong because -- we slip through she finger . the ground rush up at we but when we hit -- we bounce . and bounce . flip flopping , the bounce come quick and quick , lower and lower until we be racing across the floor . free ! we see the woman in she white lab coat scream at she assistant as they try to corral we . we dodge , zipping across the floor , look for a way out when we see , set in the tile floor , a drain . the world swirl with we as we dash toward it , the dark hole widen as we dive at they , plunging headlong into blackness -- tumbling down the rabbit hole . after a long silent moment , we hear a man sneeze . int . dime store the darkness become a curtain that be yank open as the same man step out talk to himself . man hi , Susan ... no . hi , susie ... we realize he have just step out of a photo booth . we do not see he face , moving with he , stay waist high as he wait for the photo strip . man howdee , Susan ... no ... hello there , Doctor Bright . no no no . hello , Susan ... a smolder octave lower . man hello , Susan ... the green light flash and the strip of black and white picture drop into the gate . we descend past each picture of the man 's face , frame tightly as if each be a panel in a comic book . each face seem like someone who have a secret or who be try to look very smart . except for the last one which look like he be about to sneeze . the man grab the strip . ext . susan bright's brownstone - morning a upscale neighborhood : brownstone and coffee house . Dr. Susan Bright ( woman ) step out of she door . she be the scientist that we see in the open scene . she be in a hurry , juggling a briefcase , a armful of book , a cup of coffee and she key as she head for she car . she be bent to the car door as we glide up behind she . man hello , Susan . the voice hit she like the hymlich maneuver . susan oh my God ... man what god would that be ? she turn around and we see the man ; Daniel " eel " o'brien . Black leather activist . we can not tell if he be dangerous or just try to look dangerous . susan Daniel ... o'brien ( man ) what ? no kiss ? not even for old time sake ? she force a smile and give he a hug . his hand slip into she lab coat pocket and then away . susan when do you ...? o'brien be out for six month now . susan really ? what have you be do ? o'brien you know , this and that . she smile . susan still chase litterbug ? his grin have a edge to it . o'brien somebody have to . susan same old Daniel . o'brien oh no . not by a long shot . I may look like the old Daniel o'brien , but on the inside , nothing be the same . susan be that so ? o'brien oh yeah . see , susie , a man do not do the hard time and just pick up where he leave off . ohno . the big house do thing to a man . susan the big house ? o'brien the big house . susan Jesus , Daniel . it be not ryker 's Island . it be work camp for white collar criminal . o'brien a cage by any other name would still smell like sweaty ugly man . sound like the same o'brien to she . o'brien you know , I have be follow you work at argon lab . her smile disappear . o'brien I have be think about you a lot all this year , lock up in my cell . I would tear through every issue of the Midwest Science Journal look for you latest finding , watch as you slowly work you polymerization experiment up through single cell organism to that holy of holy , the fruit fly . excite stuff . I get to tell you , it really keep I go . susan I guess I should be flatter . o'brien I remember you say , nanotechnology be go to change the world . susan it already be . o'brien I have read they be use it to repair cancer cell . susan and for clean up oil spill . o'brien right . you predict it . he move closer , eye smolder . she back away . o'brien do you ever wonder what happen to we , susie ? susan it be a long time ago , Daniel . we be young , different people , head in different direction . that 's all . o'brien yeah . susan well , it be good to see you , Daniel , but I have to be go . o'brien sure . can I ask you one more thing ? you have not publish anything in a while . how come ? she shrug , get into she car . susan nothing really worthwhile . o'brien that 's what I think . she close the door . o'brien be see you . she watch he turn and walk away in the rearview mirror . she gun she car 's engine and the SOUND roll into -- the roar of smokestack , gaseous flame burn into boot - black cloud . ext . calumet CITY - day a industrial wasteland ; tower smokestack and warehouse of corrugate steel , factory and chemical plant build around a small lake that shimmer with a oily iridescent sheen while its shore churn a frothy green bile . one of the more distinct building in this skyline of black steel and blue -gas flame , be argon laboratory . it be a heavily secure compound . there be two oblong building : one be the main lab building , the other be a chemical warehouse . where the two building be connect , a third structure rise on a steel frame skeleton like a water tower . this be argon Tower and at the top of the two story private manor , build beside a helicopter pad , be a twinkle glass conservatory . int . argon' office a pair of gleam , red-patent leather stiletto - heele shoe click delicately across the floor . woman icarus ? we follow the high heel through the office until we see the base of a statue and the name chisele into stone ; " icarus argon " . we rise up the nine-head -high , heroically proportion statue and see icarus argon as he once be ; a single halogen high - light the massive david-like physique . she cross the sprawl of the office and everywhere be memento mark the milestone of argon 's life . his face beam on frame magazine cover ; people 's " sexiest man alive , " and time 's " man of the Year " . a 1989 Mr. Universe trophy be almost lose in the thicket of award . the woman call to the wheelchair - bound figure slouching behind a black , obelisk - like desk . woman icarus , I think I would find you here . she be Mrs. poppy argon , a stun woman of cosmetic perfection and a body that might have be surgically cut from a comic book . she design she own dress make from argon rubber or pvc , usually red to match she collection of high heele shoe and boot . poppy ( woman ) you never come to bed . he say nothing . poppy have you be here all night ? she move around he and we get we first look at the new icarus argon . poppy how be you feel today ? he be a unwrapped mummy ; brown flesh drape over stringy cord of muscle like a wet paper bag . his eye , hard white marble line with red crack , coldly stare up at she . argon ( man ) I feel like I feel yesterday . she feel he forehead . argon like rotting meat . poppy you be not rotting meat . he lift he arm . argon oh no ? smell this . poppy icarus , please , if you want I to give you a bath just say so . argon no . I be get use to it . she open a manila folder , set several sheet of paper on a tray in front of he . he snatch the poppy Fine . now I need you signature on this today . pen from she and begin signing everything she lay in front of he . poppy sigh . she gather she she pat he on argon what about Dr. Bright ? poppy she 's work as fast as she can , icarus . it will be ready soon . argon it 's ready now , I know it be . poppy she say it 's not . argon she 's lie . she lose the first one on purpose . poppy she do not . the mouse run down the drain . argon she let it escape because she want I to die . poppy do not be a child , icarus . she be just another scientist and like all scientist , she do not care about anything outside the world of the laboratory . papers back into the folder . poppy right now she be still concerned about the unstable molecular waste generate by the first experiment . I be sure that when she solve that problem she will be ready for the second test . the head . poppy now you be a good boy today and take you medicine and poppy will make you forget about everything tonight . she blow he a kiss , wiggling she long red-naile finger . ext . MAIN gate Susan Bright 's car roll up to the main gate . Inside she car she be search for she security card key . the guard notice and step out of the booth . she roll down the window . guard something wrong , Dr. Bright ? susan I can not find my key card . guard not a problem . just let we know if it 's lose and we will make you a new one . susan thanks . he return to the booth and the gate arm wave up . ext . admiral HOTEL - day a poorly paint sign in the window read : " transient welcome . " int . admiral HOTEL close on Susan Bright 's argon id , as a x-acto knife carefully cut out the photo . o' brien be hunch over , work diligently . the hotel room behind he be the kind of place where " cheap " would be the politically correct adjective . there be pile of nondescript scientific journal and reference text everywhere . the wall around he be cover with clipped article and we repeatedly glimpse the word nanotechnology , molecular engineering , assembler and replicator . use a color marker he color in one of the serious - look black and white photo from the strip . there be only twelve color in the set of marker so the result look somewhere between Warhol and turner-vision . he compare it to the color photo of Susan . shrug , good enough . int . susan bright's lab Susan be not listen , she face as freeze as she picture , she mind somewhere else . nebbleman without the nanobot it appear there will be no way to stabilize the waste entirely . even at subzero temperature it remain active . dr . nigel nebbleman be Susan 's assistant . more nebbish than man . nebbleman I wonder if there be a way we could catch that mouse . Susan ? Susan , be you listen to I ? she blink . susan what ? oh , I be sorry , Nigel . I be just think ... nebbleman aaabout ...? susan this morning . I see someone I have not see in a long time . nebbleman a man ? susan yeah . I know he when I be still in school . nebbleman what do he want ? susan I be not sure . that 's the funny thing about he . he 's the kind of guy that you never know what he want or what he might do to get it . ext . STREET o' brien be move against the general flow of traffic on a crowded street . he notice a man in a business suit with a briefcase in one hand , a white styrofoam cup of coffee in the other . the man , apparently in a hurry , slug down the last of the coffee , crumble the cup in he fist and without a second think , toss the cup into the hedge . o'brien hey ! the suit walk right past he , oblivious to o'brien 's outrage . o' brien look back at the cup and then the man . a single word hiss from he lip . o'brien litterbug . he rush to the hedge and seize hold of the cup , then whirl back , chase after the bug . o'brien hey ! hey , you ! hey , litterbug ! Mr. litterbug ! he grab the bug by the shoulder and spin he around . o'brien Excuse I , but I believe you drop this . the litterbug , a very large litterbug , laugh . litterbug ( man ) yeah ? so what ? o'brien so what ? so what ? for starter , how about littering be a crime . litterbug haw-haw ! why do not you run off and find a cop and I will wait right here . o'brien why do not you just put this in you pocket so when you see a garbage can you can put it where it belong . litterbug why do not you just shove it up you ass ! haw -haw ! the litterbug start walk away , but o'brien continue to dog he . o'brien what be it with you litterbug ? be it a territorial thing , mark you turf with you garbage ? litterbug you better quit push I , pal . o'brien I just want to know what go on in the mind of a litterbug . what chemical be secrete by you smooth brain that tell you , ' it 's okay , just chuck it ' ? litterbug look , asshole , I do not get time for this . i£ you get a problem , you better take care of it yourself . o'brien oh no , no , no . no can do . you enjoy a tasty beverage and thus this receptacle become you responsibility and I do not care if it 's a styrofoam cup or the exxon valdez ! you have get to learn to take responsibility ! litterbug what be you go to do ? make I throw it out ? o'brien I will do whatever I have to do . fist clench as they eye one another up and down until the litterbug laugh again . litterbug jee-sus ! you be crazy as catshit ! you win . gimme the cup . smiling , o'brien start to give he the cup . o'brien believe I , later on you will feel a lot better about this ... when suddenly the litterbug seize o'brien 's wrist , yanking he off balance as he pop he square in the nose . a second blow to the gut double o'brien over and a briefcase to the back of the head drop he to the sidewalk . litterbug later on you be go to feel a whole lot worse ! haw -haw . he kick he in the gut . litterbug next time mind you own business ! he walk away as o'brien squeeze the styrofoam cup , cracking it in he fist . o'brien no good stinking litterbug ... int . susan bright's lab Susan be still talk to nebbleman . susan do you remember about five year ago , that uh ... incident at purnell lab ? nebbleman oh yeah . they be work on molecular assembler , too , be not they ? susan they also try use viral r.n.a. as the bond element . nebbleman that 's right . C.D.C. find out and close they down ... Susan look into the mouse cage as nebbleman remember the rest . nebbleman yeah , somebody break in and steal the sample , one of that animal rights group , right ? I remember now , they freed all the monkey which cause that huge pileup on the Massachusetts Turnpike , right ? susan yeah . but it be not a group . it be one man . nebbleman that 's the guy ? she nod . nebbleman and you think he know what we be do here ? she nod again . nebbleman oh . ext . MAIN gate a security card slide through the gate box . the arm raise and Daniel o'brien drive in , wave to the security man who absently wave back . int . security office we glide through the frost glass and out through the invert letter spelling , " security . " SIM so you think this psycho - environmentalist character steal you security key to break into the lab ? the head of argon Security sit behind he enormous desk be d.t. SIM , a little guy with something to prove . his silent partner be doby , a enormous man with the face of a mastiff . susan it might be paranoia , but I have never lose my keycard before . SIM ' paranoia be what separate the secure from the unsecure . ' he smile , enjoy he own cleverness . SIM just a little say we have get in the security business , Dr. Bright . we get pay to be paranoid . we worry so you do not have to . he light a stogie . SIM a lot of people think security be just a job , but for I it 's a way of life . it 's a state of mind . he blow a cloud of smoke into the air . SIM if this nutcase do take it and have half a brain , he would use it right away , before we could invalidate it . susan yes , that be what I be think . SIM in fact , would it be safe to say , base on you general knowledge of this character , that he be already in the building ? susan yes , he might be . int . argon lab - close on colored id that o'brien forge , clipped to the pocket of a lab coat . we notice that he also ink in some dark glass and a moustache . smile , nodd , he move through the busy corridor with a sense of inconspicuous conspicuousness . Susan appear from around a corner , walk toward he as he turn away . something about the tall moustach man catch she eye when -- nebbleman Susan ! Susan ! nebbleman hurry to catch up . nebbleman what do security say ? susan they will in validate the key . probably nothing . nebbleman well , you get another problem . susan the replicator ? nebbleman worse . Mrs. argon want to talk to you . she 's wait in the lab . susan this day just keep go from bad to worse . int . susan bright's lab from inside the mouse cage , we see poppy look down at we . her perfect red lip slightly curling into a sneer . poppy vermin ... susan ( 0.s . ) can I help you , Mrs. argon ? as Susan enter the lab , nebbleman fade back and disappear . poppy I speak to Dr. argon this morning and he remain frustrated over the loss of the original nanobot . susan I be aware of Dr. argon 's frustration . poppy he believe that the second nanobot should be ready for testing by now . Susan do not want to hear this now . susan Dr. argon be go to have to muster a little patience . I be rush into testing the nanobot on that mouse and now we be deal with a toxic waste that have the potential to make Three mile Island look like spill milk . Susan stare dagger . susan under the circumstance , I can not fathom what make Dr. argon think we be ready for anything bigger . if c.n.n. , or hell , if the e.p.a. know what be in my basement -- poppy be that a threat , Dr. Bright ? susan look , as I have say and will continue to say , the instability of the assembler waste remain my priority -- poppy while you remain on the staff at argon laboratory , you priority will always be the same as Dr. argon 's priority . I imagine that be a simple enough equation for a bright girl like you to figure out . poppy smile . Susan suppress the urge to smash she head with a microscope . poppy if you do not have any question , I will let you get back to do you job . susan just one question . since Dr. argon no longer have feel below he waist , how be it that you be still able to do you job ? poppy glance up at the security camera in the far corner . she lean close to Susan and whisper . poppy I could have you fire right now . susan you will not . that 's why you be whisper . poppy glare at she , then spin on she heel and leave . still fume , Susan turn to a special computerize , vault - like machine which be the nanobot freon- containment system . at the top , there be a seal plate that be connect to a electron microscope . she touch the plate , almost lovingly , let she anger drain away . nebbleman skulk back in . nebbleman he want another test ? she say nothing . nebbleman I bet he have not read a single report we have write on the waste problem . susan I hope you be right . I would feel a lot worse if he have read they and just do not care . nebbleman what be you go to do ? susan what I have always do . as long as I be the only one who can build the nanobot , I be the only one who can say when it should be test . as they return to work , we rise up to the unblink eye of the security camera . int . security booth the security booth be sim 's world ; he be intimate with every detail of each small frame monitor . SIM hey , dobe ... ever wonder if this be how God feel look down on we ? doby say nothing . SIM yeah , I neither . ext . argon lab - day the sun , a brilliant ball of lemon yellow , slowly begin to curdle -- transmogrify into a full moon , pale and winter blue against a night sky . int . storage room - night a dark room fill with barrel label , " explosive material : contain trinitrotoluene . " a barrel lid crack open . two eye peek out . o' brien unfold himself , awkwardly climb out of the empty barrel . int . stairwell o' brien slither up the stair , cling to every shadow . int . hall like a ghost , he glide down the dark empty hall , move only when the surveillance camera pan away . int . susan bright's lab the door hiccup and o'brien slip inside . on hand and knee he crawl toward the center of the lab where the nanobot be store . again we peer out through the wire mesh of the mouse cage . o' brien 's head pop up in front of we . o'brien oh no , p.o.w.s. he duck down just as the camera sweep overhead . he pop back up . open the cage , he frees all of the little mouse . o'brien never leave a man behind . he grab the last one , ducking under the arc of the camera . int . security booth there be a flash of white in the corner of Susan 's lab . SIM do you see that ? doby nod . SIM look like a ... mouse . int . susan bright's lab the cage be empty . o' brien find the security panel of the nanobot containment system . he sprinkle graphite dust on the keypad . when he blow on the dust , four number remain cover : 1- 6-8 - 9 . from he pocket he pull out a fold paper . it be fill with a list of all the number relevant to Susan 's life such as birthdays , phone number and significant date . his thumb stop at " August 6th , 1991 . birth of nanobot . " o'brien never good at remember number , be you , susie ? he type the date and the pressurize seal gasp . the plate rise , revealing a glass tube fill with a sapphire blue liquid . o'brien that 's you baby , be not it ? he be about to touch it when the lab door suddenly swing OPEN . he duck . holding he breath , he wait . the room be silent . slowly , quietly , he peek out . a flashlight blink near he and he duck back down . he hear a whisper . panick , he start to creep toward the door when a beam of light suddenly pool around he . SIM look what we catch here . o' brien can not see because of the light in he eye . SIM one big muther of a mouse . o' brien bolt , run straight into doby 's chest . a giant fist hammer down onto the top of he skull as he eye roll up into he head . fade to black . fade in : on nightmare trap beneath searing laboratory overhead light , argon 's hideous face hover over we , a crack lipless smile revealing ulcerous gum and stain tooth . argon I have be wait for something like this my whole life . the voice warp through the watery space . poppy bad boy get catch with he hand in the cookie jar . the face float over o'brien like disembody head . SIM you should have stay in jail , pal . argon grip o'brien 's head under the chin . poise between he finger be a gleam stainless steel hypodermic needle . argon for every environmentalist , anti - industrialist , animal activist that have shove they myopic , protectionist cause - of - the-month crap down my throat , I shove this down yours ! he stick the needle into o'brien 's neck . o' brien 's eye flutter , the voice and face stretch away . argon 's thumb depress the plunger . poppy you sure you know what you be do , icky ? inside the hypo , blood blossom all around we as the sapphire fluid contain the nanobot be injected into o'brien . we rush with blurred speed into he blood stream as we see the nanobot ; a microbiotic machine that resemble a snowflake . as it bounce from protein cell to cell , fall away from we , it begin to blur as we hear what sound like muzak . the shape focus again as we realize that we be now looking down into the aisle of a grocery store . the two part of the nanobot become o'brien and Susan join together by the grocery cart they be push . flashback - int . grocery store it be the 1970 . o' brien be a granola hippie activist type , extra crunchy . Susan still love oreo cookie . susan nanotechnology be go to change the world , Danny . I be tell you in ten maybe twenty year , life be go to be a totally new kind of experience . o' brien be not listen , repulse by the stock lining the shelf . susan and what I love about molecular science be the way it revolutionize how we have to think . it unify the entire world on a single level . everything be completely connect . sometimes I can really feel it , everything around we , just a small part of a whole . it 's really wonderful . o'brien yeah , we will see . susan we will see ? what do that mean ? o'brien we will see how wonderful it be after you spend the next twenty year make agent Orange . susan God , Daniel , I be not go to make agent Orange . o'brien you think the chemist that invent agent Orange twenty year ago be in school say , ' Boy , I really get some good idea for a highly toxic incendiary defoliant . ' you think oppenheimer be dream about mushroom cloud before the war ? she try to ignore he . susan we have have this conversation already , Daniel . o'brien all I be say be that the company that have money for the kind of research you be interested in , have money because that 's what they be interested in ! money ! she stop the cart . susan I be sorry I bring the whole thing up ! if you be gonna flip you wig -- o'brien I can not help it , suze . it 's this place . you know how I get in this store . they freak I out . all this tiny box , little can fill with eight syllable God know what . he grab a can of spam . o'brien look at this . they have take all the food out of food . when you start talk about the future , this be what I see . huge vat of spam . you be what you eat and they be turn we into spam-people . he shove the can back into the shelf . o'brien you think it 's a coincidence that they have all this aisle line up like this , like a little maze ! we be all lab rat run through they maze , pull lever a or lever B , each design to create some kind of bio-chemical dependency . all the while they be everywhere , watch we , two - way mirror , surveillance camera , nodd to each other , make little note . susan you be insane . o'brien be i? look ! right there ! that 's exactly what I be talk about . a little boy be try to get a box of trix cereal from a shelf that be too high . o'brien lever a ... he jump several time , unable to grab the economy - size box . o' brien walk over to he . susan Daniel ! do not -- oh no . the tip of the kid 's finger be slowly coax the box from the edge . o'brien let I help you , kid . the kid 's face widen into a smile until o' brien push the box back . kid ( boy ) hey ! o'brien you do not want this . kid yeah , I do ! o'brien you have no idea what this be do to you body . kid I like trix ! susan Daniel , give he the trix . o'brien Susan , this be the future of America here . kid trix be for kid ! o' brien grab a box of shredd wheat . o'brien here , kid , this be great stuff . why do not you give it a try ? kid I want trix ! mommy ! the Boy 's wail swell unnaturally loud as we rise up , distorting , as it become -- the pressurizing of the test tank . int . test tank o' brien jerk awake . he be inside a dark steel capsule . there be a wet sucking noise as the hose be open and the white assembler fluid begin pump into the tank . o'brien mommy ! int . lab argon watch the gauge climb on the tank with a mad gleam in he eye . poppy stare at the computer flicker through the model simulation . poppy icky , this be so exciting . sim look a bit nervous . SIM how long do you leave he in there ? argon until he 's do . he laugh until the tank shiver . the whole unit be now sizzling hot . a coolant line burst . each of they back away as the tank vibrate under mount pressure , like a water balloon that be ready to burst . poppy +e. icky ? the tank explode , split open like a can of whipped cream . we see the world through the eye of o'brien as he rise from the burbling marshmallow - amnion . everything have a sense of unnatural viscosity as if reality have be remade with molass . the room curve and warp , we eye like carnival mirror . we see a distorted argon stare at we in awe . argon my God ... it work . now we see o'brien . he have be completely polymerize , he entire body shifting and flow like a drunken wave machine . the rubbery flesh of he face look too heavy , hang slack . his eye bulge and loll as he try to focus . argon grab he ! hurry ! grab he ! doby be the close and he snatch o' brien 's arm . o' brien react , yanking he arm which thin to a strand of spaghetti and whip free . o' brien stumble backwards , quivering like a jell-o slinky until he bare foot , which seem more a puddle than a foot , land on the main floor drain . his leg slip immediately through the sieve as he slap down to the floor , one leg sprawle out in front of he . he blink . then the rest of he fall through . sim grab at the pile of clothes cover the drain but Daniel o'brien be go . from below the drain we look up at argon and the other stare down . SIM that 's impossible . poppy it 's a miracle . argon it 's a organic-polymerization . behind they the tank core continue to melt down , gelatinous waste splattering the room . poppy icky ! what 's happen ? argon who care ! we have get to find he ! hurry ! his chair head for the door . int . STORM drain a six inch pipe open groans with the sound of stretching rubber . finger suddenly reach out and grab the edge of the hole . there be a series of cartoon - like sound as o'brien pull himself out , emerge from the open like toothpaste . after a struggle he pop free , snap into normal human proportion . cradle he head , he stand up in the corrugate metal drain . unsure of what have happen or why he be naked , he stumble out into the creek , he bare foot squishing into the muddy water . ext . argon lab the moon throbs overhead in a sky of dark crush velvet . sim and doby 's flashlight beam dart and bounce as they sweep the compound . they find the drain pipe and sim throw he beam down it , careful not to get he shoe muddy . SIM ah for the love of God , I be not go in there . he look at doby . int . elevator SIM you check it out . poppy and argon ride up in the elevator that connect the main lab to argon Tower . int . MAIN lab argon it work , poppy . it work , it work ! poppy now , icky , I do not need you wind yourself up . I need you focus and in control . argon but , poppy , you do not know what this mean -- poppy you do not either . we will not know anything until we find that guy and find out if he 's alive or what . argon yes , that 's true . we have to find he , run test , determine if the polymerization be stable . poppy in the meantime , we be go to need someone to deal with that mess in the lab . I do not think we should call Dr. Bright . argon oh no . no . we will get she assistant . what 's-his -name ? nebbishman ? poppy nebbleman . Nigel nebbleman enter the building . he be wear a raincoat over he pajamas that be cover with small bunny rabbit . poppy be wait for he . poppy Dr. nebbleman , thank God you be here ! in she high heel she be taller than he and when they embrace , he head lay against she ample bosom . poppy I have be nearly hysterical with fright . thank God you come . I feel so much better that you be here . nebbleman what happen ? poppy lead he to the stairwell . poppy as I tell you on the phone , there 's be a accident . a terrible accident . int . susan bright's lab we hear nebbleman 's voice crack with panic , as he rush towards the double door of the lab . nebbleman ( 0.s. ) oh my God . oh my God . oh my God . the moment he burst in and see the rupture test tank melting into the white mucous of the assembler waste -- he faint . poppy great . int . argon' office nebbleman lift he face from the paper bag he be breathe in . panic be crack he voice . nebbleman okay . alright . okey -dokey . now , we need the nanobot . the nanobot that initiate the reaction . once we have that we can stabilize the meltdown . simple really . no problem . argon the nanobot be go . nebbleman 's voice rise several octave . nebbleman go ? what do you mean go ? go where ? his knee buckle as argon do not answer . argon Dr. nebbleman , we be scientist , you and I and man of science be not concerned with emotion and opinion . we be concerned with fact . nebbleman be hyperventilate , like a mouse catch in a glue trap . argon the fact be , that the milk have be spill and now we need you to tell we how to clean it up . nebbleman clean up ? it can not be clean up ! without the nanobot the waste can not be stabilize ! that 's what we have be try to tell you ! the only thing we can do be run ! run ! run ! argon signal to poppy . poppy slap nebbleman . nebbleman be quiet . argon fact , Dr. nebbleman . fact . you have be use cryogenics to control the waste from the mouse experiment , have not you ? nebbleman well , yes . the replicator be not as active at low temperature . argon then perhaps we can use liquid nitrogen to keep the meltdown under control . nebbleman that might work . argon poppy , order the truck from the Gary plant . and we be go to need a containment crew . poppy a containment crew be go to attract a lot of attention . argon you be right . place a call to we friend at the network and to Mr. joplin at the e.p.a . nebbleman how do this happen ? how do the nanobot activate the assembler fluid ? if I be go to help , I have to know what happen . argon study nebbleman for a moment . argon all right , Dr. nebbleman . come with I and I will tell you everything . motor he chair around , argon lead Nigel to the conservatory . the elevator slide open and sim get out lead a muddy doby . poppy Mr. sim , do you find he ? sim have o'brien 's wad of clothes tuck under he arm . SIM no , but if he 's alive I think I know where he might go . he hold up the key to o'brien 's hotel room ; the plastic key chain stamp , " Admiral Hotel . " int . admiral HOTEL - night a muddy bare footprint , black grime against green shag . we pull back and see another , then another , the track lead toward the white light of the bathroom door . we close in on the bilious white of the steam , the warble of o'brien whimper and shiver even in the scalding water . he begin to sneeze and cough as if something be tickle the back of he throat . he snort at it , inhale through he nose , try to suck it out . finally , he spit a clear silicon - like wad of phlegm that remain connect to he mouth by a long rubbery strand . he spit at it , and it stretch until he flick it off with he hand . it hang on the wall for a moment like a sticky rubber slug before be sweep down the tub drain . int . susan bright's lab we rise through the floor drain . wearing a special insulate contamination suit , nebbleman be on hand and knee examine the lab floor . he lift a hand and we see a impression that gradually fade as if the ground be a sheet of foam . he slap it hard and the tile ripple like a waterbed . nebbleman oh God , it 's worse than I think . he run for the door leave a trail of footprint . nebbleman get that crew in here . now ! ext . argon lab - night outside the lab a flurry of activity erupt . thick hose be attach to the belly of giant tanker truck . brilliant portable klieg illuminate the grounds like a ball park . Men in bulbous insulate space suit milk the tanker fill scuba-like canister that be wear on they back . the bold letter on the back of the tanker read : " warning -- liquid nitrogen . " slowly we move toward the " in " nitrogen . " it open in front of we like a yawn tunnel which we descend into . int . admiral HOTEL room - day o'brien be in a deep sleep , mouth wide open , he breathe rasped . turn he face deeper into he pillow , he be suddenly unable to breathe . he suck for air with a strain gurgle . his eye pop open , still suffocating and he bolt upright . we see that he neck have be twisted around like a knotted sheet . his head spin around and snap back into place . o'brien mommy ? he be dizzy and confuse . he rub he head and neck , panic seeping into he expression as he begin to remember last night 's event . he look down see the muddy footprint on the carpet . o' brien touch he neck where he be injected . o'brien uh oh . suddenly the door whap open , sim and doby filling the frame . SIM good morning , Mr. o'brien ! still in he underwear , o'brien jump from the bed . o'brien you ! I remember you ! SIM I be real touch . now get you Sunday 's on . we be go for a ride . he throw o'brien 's pants at he . o'brien what ? I be not go anywhere ! SIM oh yes you be ! o'brien I get it . you be the goon fetch boy . the zookeeper argon call in when one of he guinea pig get loose . SIM that 's right . sim open he coat show o'brien he firearm . SIM only this be not no tranquilizer gun . now let 's go ! o'brien forget it , pissboy ! you tell argon he can call my lawyer . sim reach for he gun . SIM the hard way it be ! o' brien heave a yellow page at sim which sail past he head . he leap behind the coffee table . sim point the gun at o'brien 's head . SIM not smart ! you forget I have get the gun ! o' brien , on he toe , keep the table in between he and sim . o'brien then let 's see you use it , bucko ! Dr. argon 's not go to take it very well that you kill he experiment . sim snort . SIM okay . okay . doby ? he wave doby to the other side of the table . but before they can grab he , o'brien spin away from sim and bolt for the window . he throw it open , yell . o'brien help ! somebody help I ! sim and doby tackle he from behind . SIM I will take care of this . hold he . sim raise he gun high into the air -- SIM light out . and bring it down on o'brien 's head . it rebound off of o'brien 's skull which in turn rebound off the floor . o'brien ow ! sim raise it again . SIM I say -- light out ! and again smashes o'brien in the head to no effect . o'brien ouchhh ! cut it out ! sim look at the gun then repeatedly bring a hail of blow onto o' brien whose head bounce off the gun and floor like a dribble basketball . o' brien grab he head as sim tire . o'brien Jesus ! pant , sim holster he gun . SIM get he leg . o' brien lunge , grab the window sill as the two man each take a leg . o'brien no ! they heave at he leg try to wrench he from the sill . o' brien 's body raise off the floor . struggle and strain with all of he might , o'brien look up to secure he grip and he eye go wide . o' brien 's arm have begin to stretch . he look back over he shoulder to see that he leg also have begin to stretch . sim and doby seem to notice at the same time , that they have stretch o' brien halfway to the door . SIM Holy shit ! the two man let go of o'brien 's leg and he be flung like a slingshot out of the room . SIM Holy shit ! he cartwheel in the space outside the window , splay and flail spastically . the people , nine floor down , scream as o'brien plummet toward they . o' brien 's tear eye clamp shut in the face of onrush pavement , a faint sound catch in he ear . a ascend twang , like a tightening guitar string . whump . o' brien hit the ground , unsure if he 's alive of dead . a woman scream . he rattles he head and open he eye . there be a woman in front of he , she face bury in she hand . o' brien try to stand . o'brien oh God -- be I dead ? hear he , the woman peer out from shield finger . she look up at he arm and scream again . o' brien be confuse . slowly he turn , follow she gaze up , up , up . his arm stretch up to the ninth story window , like a safety line , he hand still grip the sill . his face contort in horror . o' brien scream , let go . loopy wet spaghetti strand collect on the sidewalk in a pile as he arm fall . the crowd collectively inhale . the hand plop on the top of the pile like some strange garnish . o' brien whimper . a car screech to a stop and o'brien jump back at the sound . as he land , he body jerk to the side , he arm suddenly begin reeling in like a fishing line . the crowd 's head swivel back and forth watch the arm snap back to normal in a loud whip -crack . o'brien oh God . he cradle the arm under the stare of the gaper 's block . chest heaving , he stumble back two step . he shoot a look up at he apartment window . the shadow of sim and doby look down . he bolt . int . admiral HOTEL room sim and doby watch open-mouthed as o'brien disappear down the street . SIM this be go to take some explain . sim whip out he cellular phone and dial . SIM Mrs. argon ? it 's sim . poppy ( v.o. ) Mr. sim ? do you have he ? he 's alive ? SIM oh yeah , he 's alive . technically . poppy ( v.o. ) and you have he ? SIM we lose he . int . argon' office poppy sit atop the massive ebony slab of argon 's desk , the phone press to she ear . poppy here , you tell he . she smile and hand the phone to argon . argon Mr. sim , you know I sooner kill the messenger then listen to bad news . int . admiral HOTEL room sim swallow hard . SIM do not worry there , Dr. argon . he give we the slip , in a manner of speak . but we be definitely close in on he . doby frown . argon ( v.0 . ) Mr. sim , when you do locate he . do not scare he off again . just watch he , I think you can handle that . right , Mr. sim ? SIM you get it , Dr. argon . he hang up . SIM shit ! sim slam he hand on the desk and look down to find the picture of Dr. Bright , a heart encircle it . SIM hello ? ext . argon lab - day we be looking through the lens of a local network news camera on location outside argon lab . the camera rack focus and pan to network reporter , spencer lamm . spencer tawney , I be stand in front of the security station just outside of argon lab in calumet City . since seven o'clock this morning , when security guard bar the weekend staff here at argon lab , rumor have be circulate as to the nature of the accident that occur here last night . he look over he shoulder as a unmark tanker roll past the security gate . spencer all we know for sure be that at 9:30 a.m. , two sedan carry the county sheriff and man who have be identify as high-ranking official of the e.p.a. enter the argon office and have not come out . int . susan bright's brownstone we pull back revealing the reporter on television in the kitchen . spencer ( v.o. ) we expect a statement some time today , but until then we can only speculate that whatever do happen here , which have crew work around the clock , no one be prepare for . this have be Spencer lamm live at argon lab . Susan drop she coffee cup when she hear the name . she rush to turn up the volume but the special report be over . she be search the other station when someone pound on she door . through the peep-hole she see o'brien , he face warped by the wide - angle lens . susan oh shit ... with the chain still on , she open the door . o'brien susie ! you gotta help I ! susan Daniel , what be you do here ? o'brien please , Susan ! I need help ! something be wrong with I ! susan sorry , Daniel , I be a physicist , not a psychiatrist . o'brien no , something be really wrong ... look ! he stuff he arm into the three - inch slot between the door and the jamb then squeeze he body and head through . Susan step back , she mouth fall open . susan you ... you ... she point at he then at the television . o'brien they do it to I ! susan the nanobot . as o'brien spit the story out he gesture become more animated . o'brien last night , argon 's goons grab I , the big one hit I , probably do severe cranio-sacral damage and bam , I drop to the floor , and then argon be there , and it become like a bad dream . everyone be laugh as he stick this big needle in my neck and then I be not sure what happen but I come to in a metal tank and they drown I with white goo and I think I be dead , everything soft and blurry and the next thing I know I wake up back in my hotel and argon 's goons bust in and we fight and I fall out the window and again I think I be a goner , but I hit the ground and I bounce and I look up and my arm be really really long and I know , I know I should not have be in you lab but Jesus Christ , Susan , feel my skin , feel it ! it feel like plastic ! he reach he arm across the room and she feel he hand . susan -+. just like the mouse . o'brien mouse ? what mouse ? susan my first organic-polymerization be a lab mouse . o'brien what happen to it ? susan I do not know . he jerk he hand away . o'brien you do not know ? susan it escape from the lab before we could finish the experiment . o'brien but you have polymerize single - cell bacteria and the fruit fly , I know you have . susan yes . o'brien then you must have at some point try to reverse the procedure . she nod but it be not the kind of nod he be hope for . o'brien oh no , no , no ! you have get to be able to fix I ! please , Susan , tell I you can make I normal again ! susan once the subject be polymerize we be unable to reassemble the original organic structure . his leg go wobbly . she slap he ; o'brien oh God , please ! this can not be happen ! I can not be plastic ! a plastic man ?! susan Daniel ! o'brien I 'ma plastic man ! a plastic man ! he chin flap back and forth before snap into place . int . kitchen susan we do not have time for hysterics . o'brien we do not ? susan what have happen to you be nothing compare to what be go to happen to calumet City if we do not hurry . she hand he a glass of water and drop several pill into he open palm . o'brien what be this ? susan mostly caffeine diuretics . help you go to the bathroom . o'brien why ? susan the nanobot be still inside you . it 's program to exit through the urinary tract . we need it as soon as possible , so swallow that . he stare at the gleam plastic capsule . o'brien pill ... you know how I feel about pill . susan if you do not want to do it this way , I can remove it surgically . he gobbles they down . o'brien why do we need it ? susan the nanobot be the only thing that can stabilize the waste . o'brien what waste ? int . argon lab - day a blast of icy smoke cough from the nozzle of a liquid nitrogen pack . two man in they heavy insulate space suit work over the break chamber where o'brien be polymerize dousing the assembler waste with they liquid nitrogen hose . the lab have become a winter wonderland . the light have quit and the room be light only by the green and yellow fluoro - glow stick wear on the helmet of the worker . the assembler waste , cover in frost , bubbles and churn lava-like and the two man FIRE another burst of frozen gas . frank tater cross to the door , he boot crunching on the icy floor . int . hall Dr. Nigel nebbleman , also wear a insulate suit , wait for he . nebbleman well , Frank ? Frank lift he helmet . frank I have never see anything like it . we can not get a handle on it . int . basement lab it be in this poorly - light basement that Dr. Bright do most of she work . susan to put be simply , the nanobot inside you be a microscopic machine encode with information like a strand of messenger r.n.a. that be program to synthesize you molecule with the polyisoprene of the assembler fluid , rebuild you entire organic system on a molecular level . o'brien that be ' simple ' ? she sigh . susan the nanobot combine you molecule with the plastic molecule in the white assembler fluid , so that on a molecular level you now have more in common with a good Year tire than a human be . o'brien get it . susan the problem be the by-product create by the process . o'brien the waste . as they talk , we move along a stainless steel table where Susan be conduct a series of test with the waste . this test reveal the stage of molecular deterioration cause by the waste . susan only part of the molecule from the assembler fluid bond to you molecule . the part leave over be a highly charge unstable molecule we call a replicator . she put on a pair of protective glove and grab one of the test cylinder . susan the effect this replicator have on any matter , organic or inorganic , be similar to the molecular deterioration cause by nuclear radiation . the pressurized seal sigh open and she pour the content out . susan I have be measure the level of deterioration . as with radiation , the more exposure , the more damage it do . a white egg roll into she glove palm . susan I drop a single replicator in with this egg two day ago . she hurl the egg at the ground and quite naturally at this point , it bounce back . he catch it . it squish between he finger like a racquetball . he pull at it . it stretch like silly - putty . o'brien it 's polymerize like I ? she take the egg back . susan the replicator start off like assembler , but the replicator never stabilize . o'brien what happen ? she open another cylinder and pour it out . and oval - shape wad of gray sludge splat onto the lid . o'brien that be a egg ? susan Three day ago it be . o'brien what do this replicator do to people ? susan with enough exposure , the same thing they do to everything else . he swallow hard , watch the egg - wad cling like snot from the lid , as she reseal the cylinder . ext . MAIN gate - day Spencer lamm be on the scene which continue to escalate . spencer here in calumet City , a bomb have just drop . through anonymous source , we have learn that argon lab may have be the victim of a attack by a radical environmentalist group . no such group have yet to claim responsibility but we be expect confirmation of this rumor at a press conference schedule this afternoon . int . lab Susan put the cylinder of slime back into a large freezer unit fill with similar cylinder . o'brien so right now there 's little replicator spread throughout argon 's lab ? susan that 's right . o'brien be not it already too late then ? she shake she head , open a final cylinder . susan there be a forty - eight hour period during which the waste can be stabilize . the content slide into she hand . susan the nanobot will start a chain reaction and transform the replicator through a double hydrogen bond , create a ionic solid instead of a polymer . the egg seem fossilize , half way to become the wad of slime . she hand it to o'brien . it be as fragile as a glass spider web . o'brien yet another miracle of modern science . she ignore the sarcasm lace in that comment . susan I think while we be wait , we have better run some basic diagnostics on you . o'brien you be the doctor . ext . susan bright's brownstone - day across the street a dark lincoln ominously glide to a stop . int . sim' lincoln sim settles back , watch the building for any sign of o'brien . SIM now we wait . both he and doby be lick ice cream cone . for a moment it be the only sound in the car . SIM darn good cone . int . basement o' brien be sit on a table , he shirt off , while Susan listen to he lung with a stethoscope . susan breathe deep . the AIR rush out . susan lung sound fine . you do not have any pre-exist physical condition , do you ? allergy ? infection ? o'brien no , why ? she remove the stethoscope and grab the light scope . susan my theory be that during the polymerization the nanobot should correct any malformed or defective molecule . open . his mouth stretch impossibly wide for a amazing view of the gland at the back of he throat . look fine . susan that theory be the reason argon have be push I to test the second nanobot . he believe it 's the only thing that will save he . she pick up a hypodermic needle . susan I would like to run a few sample blood test to get a idea of how stable you condition be . o' brien be beginning to bounce a bit , the caffeine pump through he vein . o'brien okay . sure . you be the doc . tearing open a needle package , she insert it into the plastic hypo . susan hold still . she fight to poke the needle through he resilient skin . when the sliver of metal pop through , tiny superball bubbles of blood bounce into the cartridge like ping - pong ball in a bingo machine . susan amazing . she fill another cartridge when he begin to chatter , he rubbery tooth vibrate against each other . susan be something wrong ? o'brien no , no , I just feel wire ! his whole body begin to twitch and ripple . susan it 's probably the caffeine . suddenly he realize he have to go to the bathroom . o'brien whoa ! whoa ! I gotta go ! right now ! she slip the needle out and he bolt off the table . susan wait ! she grab a glass beaker as he hand shoot back and snag it . int . bathroom he burst in , fumble with the beaker and he zipper , then let it rip . o'brien ahbh ... his eye close as we hear he fill the beaker . it be a strange SOUND ; more like a solid than a liquid . the sound bother he and he look down . what he see terrify he . int . basement lab Susan be look into a microscope at the blood sample when he come tear down the stair . o'brien Susan ! susan what ? what 's wrong ? he throw the beaker onto the table as if it be contagious . o'brien look at this ! susan what about it ! he stick a stir rod into it and pull it out . the content be extremely viscous , like rubber cement . a wispy strand dangle from the end of the stick . o'brien just look at it ! susan the polymerization probably synthesize into a kind of methyl - cyanoacrylate . so what 's wrong ? he look as if he be about to cry . o'brien that 's not biodegradable . she can not stop herself from laugh . o'brien oh yeah , real funny . yuk - yuk . let 's laugh at everything a man believe in . susan I be sorry , Daniel , but you have to admit it 's pretty ironic that you of all people would be the first man ever polymerize . it 's get to mean something . o'brien means ? oh no . we will not know what it mean until the end of the story and maybe then it will not seem quite as funny to you , Doctor frankenstein ! the smile disappear . susan what 's that suppose to mean ? o'brien just give credit where credit be due . susan you have no one to blame but yourself . o'brien blame the victim . susan victim my ass ! you steal my security key and use it to break into my lab to do who know what kind of damage ! maybe this be the end of the story and you finally get what you deserve ! o'brien this be what I deserve for try to protect the world from a madman and he mercenary physicist ? susan you be not protect the world , you be obstruct progress ! o'brien I do not consider uncontrollable toxic waste progress ! susan and I be sure you think Columbus be go to sail off the edge of the world ! o'brien but lo and behold he find another world that progress could annihilate ! susan come on , I do not see you live in a cave ! o'brien and I do not see you sunbathing at Chernobyl ! she stop first , smile , catch by a odd sense of deja vu . he smile , feel the same thing . susan just like old time . o'brien yeah . Old time . there be a awkward silence . o'brien I want you to know that I really appreciate you help I . susan I be glad you come to I for help . they be not sure what to do . o'brien I feel very emotional right now . a bit out of control . susan probably the caffeine . o'brien do you have something to bring I down ? susan no problem . int . argon' office JOHN joplin , high -ranking EPA official , listen as Dr. nebbleman try to explain what have happen . argon and poppy be also in the office . nebbleman the nanobot be a molecular machine . it use the assembler fluid to polymerize a whole system of carbon - base molecule as in , say , a human body . his eye shift nervously to argon who nod encouragingly . nebbleman once it 's complete , the waste from the assembler fluid be leave destabilize with group of highly charge attractor capable of bond to any carbon molecule expose for a long enough period . joplin hold on , son . be you say that they can bond to people ? nebbleman with enough exposure , it appear they can bond to anything . joplin well , what will they do to people ? nebbleman glance nervously at argon . nebbleman well , at this time , I mean that be to say , it be difficult to project -- argon look , John , nobody want to find out what happen . that 's why you be here . we need you help on this one and that 's why that suitcase be here . poppy open it for he . the root of all evil . stack and stack of it . joplin let I assure you , Dr. argon , the e.p.a. be , as always , on you side . int . susan's live room it be later . o' brien be stretch out on the sofa in a valium fugue ; he long supple limb conform to the curve of the cushion , dangle over all side . his head be on the floor , neck distend down from the arm rest . mid-snore , he wake up , yawn . from he upside down view , he see the refrigerator . o'brien «+. food . int . basement lab Susan be look through a microscope try to find the nanobot . susan come on , where be you ? int . kitchen o' brien open the fridge . rubber -neck , he look inside while he body lie on the couch . o'brien hey , susie ! I be hungry ! int . basement lab she be still glue to the microscope . susan damn it ! she pound she fist against the lab table . o'brien ( 0.s. ) uh oh . I remember that temper . susan Daniel , I do not hear you come down ... she turn and find he head almost float , perch on he neck arching erectly up the stair . o'brien what 's wrong ? susan the nanobot ... it 's not here ... o'brien it 's still inside I ? she nod watch he head bob cobra-like around she . susan you will have to start drink fluid , lot of fluid . she reach out and touch he neck . he smile . susan how far can you stretch ? o'brien I do not know . ext . susan's backyard - day stand in the square of rich green grass , o'brien look up . he lift he head and take a deep breath , stare at he finger spread against the blue expanse above he . susan go ahead . reach as high as you can . from above he hand , we see o'brien nod nervously and begin to reach -- his face , Dr. Bright , the square lawn , the house , one by one seem to fall away -- spread out under the hand until the ground seem like the sky do moment ago . int . sim' lincoln sim and doby lean into the front windshield of the black lincoln , watch o'brien 's arm telescope into the sky . SIM that 's why I love the security biz . just when you think you have see everything ... he whip out he cellular . dial . ext . susan's backyard Dr. Bright stare , open-mouthed , at the arm-ribbon as it rise impossibly like a kite . she turn and see o'brien 's body thinning , almost spool out like a ball of yarn until he pants fall down to he ankle . he feel the draft and turn to see she look at he . o'brien oops . he grab he pants as he arm return with a rushing sound that end with a loud rubbery clap . o'brien I will end up back in jail for indecent exposure . Dr. Bright nod vaguely , already lose in think . o'brien what ? she reach out and feel he hair . int . basement lab a scalpel saw through several strand of o'brien 's hair . susan that should do it . his hair be short and she drop the strand with the rest of it , into a Ziploc bag . susan I be go to go out for a while . I want to take the blood sample to a lab that have the equipment I need . o'brien what do you want my hair for ? susan something else I want to try . she put the Ziploc bag in she briefcase and get the blood sample . o'brien I could go with you . susan I think it would be better for I to go alone . I be sure sim be look for you . just sit tight . I will bring you back a pizza . o'brien no cheese . susan I be hope you be over that . remember to keep drink fluid . int . limo poppy , argon and John joplin be inside , as it pull up outside cook County courthouse . poppy how do I look ? she be dress in a two - piece pvc business suit ; smart yet slutty . argon smile . argon positively paradoxical . int . susan's live room o' brien be stretch out on the couch watch " the itchy and scratchy show " on the television . he be drink a two liter bottle of Coke without stop . his Adam 's apple bob like a cartoon as he swallow . we can hear the coke fizzing in he distend stomach . it swell like a water balloon . finish the bottle , he toss it into a garbage bag fill with empty . he let out a super hero style belch then settles back , chuckle at the cartoon . itchy get a fry pan to the face . on the table , there be a vase fill with dry flower . he empty it and with the vase walk over to the hall mirror . slowly he force the vase over he head . when he yank it off , he head keep the shape . he start to laugh and he face pop back . there be a series of gurgling sound from he stomach as he realize he have to go . he bolt for the bathroom , he hand whipping out for the beaker . same - bit later he 's finish and he set the beaker back where it be . he think and mumble . o'brien technically , I do not even have to " go ! to the bathroom ... we move closer and closer to the beaker , through the glass into the golden fluid -- shrinking as we move through the murk down to the molecular level where we squeeze between chain of elastomer -- and find the nanobot . int . cook county courthouse the press room be small , consider the sizable horde that be pack wall to wall , shoulder to shoulder , to see ceo poppy argon and the EPA deliver they statement . the white noise of press chatter reach a fevere pitch as the county sheriff lead poppy argon and several EPA official in . John joplin step to the podium and the crowd noise die . he lean into the bouquet of microphone , open he statement . joplin good afternoon . the intent of ... a man shout from the crowd . man who be you ? joplin oh. I be John joplin , special investigator for the e.p.a . the intent of this press conference be twofold . number one , to affirm that there have be a slight chemical spill at argon lab . cleanup be already under way . flashbulb burst . joplin and number two , that the e.p.a. in conjunction with member of Illinois County sheriff Department and the f.b.i. have conclude that the spill be not accidental . the press begin to titter and joplin raise he voice . joplin last night , argon lab be the target of what can only be describe as a terrorist act . another barrage of flash . joplin the single assailant sabotage certain chemical storage unit , create the toxic spill . man be there any suspect ? joplin the only thing I can say be that the perpetrator be photograph by argon Security camera . the rest of the detail of the case , until a later time , will be keep in the high confidentiality . thank you . the press erupt : " who be it ? be it a group ? have you identify he ? " joplin 's eyebrow go up and he turn back to the podium . joplin oh , yeah . his name 's Daniel o'brien . the entourage begin to file out under a barrage of question . Spencer lamm fight to get he crew in front of poppy . spencer Mrs. argon , do you have anything to say to this o'brien character ? poppy look at the mic , several other surround it . poppy all I can say be that when this radical act outside the law , recklessly endangering the environment and human life , it clearly demonstrate that they be the menace and we be the victim . int . susan's live room the television be on , though " mute . " we hear o'brien grunting and the sound of sweaty rubber rubbing against rubber . the door open and Susan enter , a pizza box in one hand , briefcase in the other . susan Daniel ? as she enter , she notice something be different about the furniture . there be a second , flesh - color love seat . o' brien 's head suddenly pop up . o'brien surprise ! his head rise from the top of the back . susan that 's pretty good . o'brien get use to it . he start to get up , become human , the round padded seat swell into buttock when he realize he be naked . o'brien whoa ! he pop back to a chair . susan do not worry , I get just what you need . a leg of the chair shoot out as he grab he underwear from the pile of clothes . Susan set the pizza down and open she briefcase . susan I have a friend at a textile lab . she help I . the o'brien chair pull the underwear up over the front two leg , cover the cushion as he stand change back to normal . susan ta-da ! she hold up a tiny red suit that look big enough for a g.i. Joe doll . o'brien what 's that ? susan it 's a crime fight costume , what do you think ? it 's underwear , so if you lose you clothes you will still be decent . o'brien that 's go to fit I ? susan like a glove . he pull at it . it stretch easily . o'brien you make this out of my hair ? susan sort of . we use a process similar to the vulcanization of rubber and add bulk with a chain of chloroprene elastomer . he shake he head . o'brien I bet you still kill at scrabble . she smile . susan go on , try it on . oh wait ... she reach back into she bag . susan there be some extra , so I make this . in she palm be two little red boot . o'brien cute . as he cross to the bathroom we see the television be again update the crisis at argon lab . susan do you go ? o'brien on the counter . she grab the sample , head immediately for the basement , when the television catch she eye . int . bathroom o' brien cram one foot in and then the other . the material stretch miraculously . o'brien groovy . int . susan's live room o'brien bound out of the bathroom . o'brien ' in brightest day , nor darkest night . no evil shall escape my sight . " Susan be silent in front of the tv , the sound now on . she be still hold the beaker . o'brien what be it ? he move around she and see he own face on the screen . it be the black and white photo of he about to sneeze . at the bottom of the screen be the title , " Voice of Dr. Warren wertham . " dr . wertham ( v.o. ) -+. a extremely volatile individual give to emotional outburst . o'brien wertham ? that 's no good . susan who be he ? o'brien the head shrinker at the prison . dr . wertham ( v.o. ) ... paranoid delusion and prone to hero fantasy all of which be characteristic of a form of infantile dementia . o'brien ha ! what a crock . he could not be more wrong , could he ? she say nothing . o'brien I say , could he ? the sneeze picture shrink to a insert over the anchor woman , tawney tower ' shoulder . tawney ( v.0 . ) once again , at this time , authority continue they statewide manhunt for the man believe responsible for the situation develop at argon lab . as report come in , News Center 5 will continue to update you . Susan cut it off . susan oh no . they be try to blame you for the accident . that mean they must not have be able to control the replicator . o'brien I can not go back to jail . I gotta get out of here . susan you be not go back to jail . all we need to do be find the nanobot . once the meltdown be under control , then we deal with argon -- suddenly , the front door explode open , the jamb easily splintering under doby 's girth . doby and sim barrel in , pistol point . susan what in the hell ? SIM pipe down , brain lady ! and you ... the gun sweep toward o'brien . SIM I would curb that monkey business , lessin ' you want to find out if that rubber skin of yours be bulletproof . now , keep you hand where I can see they . he notice the urine sample . SIM what 's that ? Susan do not miss a beat . susan lemonade . do you want some ? she offer he the beaker . sim consider it . SIM no thanks . back to business . SIM put it down and let 's go . someone want to talk to you . he wave they out the front door as she set the beaker on the counter . ext . susan bright's brownstone the black limo fire up as the foursome approach . sim open the back door for o'brien and Dr. Bright . SIM get in . int . limo in the artificial coolness , Daniel o'brien sit with icarus argon , across from poppy , Susan , and Dr. nebbleman . in the rear window we see sim 's lincoln follow . poppy brandish a chrome revolver from she handbag . argon smile in the shady light , makeup cover the more abrasive feature of he spotty skin . argon my apology to you both for the rather rude invitation but I have to see you . and , Dr. Bright , you house be not ... he motion to he blanket - drape leg . argon wheelchair accessible . susan Dr. argon , I demand a explanation . o'brien I can explain it . attempt murder be not enough for he . he want to add kidnap to the charge . argon if you would like , we can go straight to the authority . I understand they be very interested in talk to you . o' brien 's only response be to grind he tooth in silence . argon we have not be properly introduce , Mr. o'brien . I be icarus argon . he offer he hand , take o'brien 's . he close he eye , beginning to caress o'brien 's hand between the withere brown flesh of he own . argon do you know how I make my first fortune ? poly vinyl chloride . p.v.c . it be almost thirty year ago when I first hold a credit card in my hand . there be something about the way it feel . I tell myself , paper be doom . this be the future ... he look at o'brien 's hand , let go . argon -.. plastic . o'brien wow , that be one move story . take it easy on my heart string . now I really feel guilty complain about you shoot I up with you poison . argon poison ? I be surprised at you . you lack vision , Mr. o'brien . o'brien you be lack a few thing too : ethic , moral , common decency and , oh yeah , deodorant . argon smile . his coolness irritate o'brien . argon look at I , Mr. o'brien . I once compete for Mr. Universe but now I be reduce to this , a withere shell . a prison of rot . he lean into o'brien . argon people ask I what I do to myself . I answer , what do not I do ?! I treat I body like I treat the rest of the world , as a force to be control . most people believe there be something sacred about the human body , about nature . they be the same fool who think the world be flat . o' brien smirk . argon the body be just another part of nature and ever since we give up tree for central air , there have be nothing sacred about nature . nature be the enemy , Mr. o'brien , and science be we great weapon against she . o'brien you egomaniacs make I laugh . nature 's go to bury you like she bury everyone else . argon laugh . argon not anymore , Mr. o'brien . the nanobot have change that . susan if you think I would ever give you the nanobot after this , you be delude yourself . argon you do not have to give it to we because Dr. nebbleman can just cut it out of he . o'brien ha! moron . it 's not even in I anymore . everyone react . argon what ? before o'brien can say anything else , Susan slap she hand over he mouth . nebbleman she could have give he something to stimulate he kidney . argon Dr. nebbleman , take care of they . argon grab the car phone while nebbleman remove a load syringe from a black case . argon Mr. sim I want you to return to Dr. Bright 's . I believe she be hide something of ours there . susan no . we see the lincoln turn off the highway . susan Daniel , do something ! with eye blur speed , o'brien 's arm rocket out as he grab for the needle . nebbleman scream as o'brien 's hand mold over he own . poppy wheel on o'brien as nebbleman fall , scream , wrestle against he own hand . before she can raise the gun , Dr. Bright lunge , grapple for control . the gun fire wildly . argon no ! the bullet ricochet around the cabin before embed in the seat cushion in between nebbleman 's leg . o' brien push the hypo plunger down , squirting the sedative in nebbleman 's face . nebbleman scream . susan Daniel , go ! I will be all right ! get the nanobot ! he nod , yanking the door handle but they be lock . he glance quickly around the limo , then dive at the rear seat , body thinning , flatten into the crack where the seat meet the back -- leave poppy cling to he empty clothes , as he disappear from the cabin . nebbleman can hardly catch he breath . nebbleman where do he go ? argon the trunk . as soon as the word pass argon 's reptilian lip , there be a click and the trunk open behind they . argon ott , shake he ! ext . limo o' brien stand and the limo begin to zig - zag hard on the open expressway . argon smile through the small rear window as o'brien try to keep he balance . o'brien here go nothing . o' brien throw a arm at a pass truck go in the opposite direction seize hold of it -- sling himself like a rubber band -- into the air , tucking he knee to he chest , brace himself . he become -- a red comet , that crash into a oncoming cadillac cave in its hood and rebound into the air soar over a row of home . a rumple heap , he land heavily in a plot of backyard bush . o'brien ow . he stumble to he foot , shaking away the cobweb . o'brien damn . his tooth grit . muscle flex . oxbrien' Pov rocket into the air -- shoot straight up , racing forward bounding over power line and rooftop . int . limo order have be somewhat restore . poppy press the barrel of she pistol into Dr. Bright 's midsection . Dr. nebbleman be still red-face from the physical exertion . his glass begin to fog and he clean they with he kerchief . the phone ring . nebbleman yes ? SIM ( v.o. ) it 's sim . we be almost there . nebbleman Mr. sim , watch out ! o' brien escape and could be on he way ! ext . apartment build backyard two small child be play in they sandbox . suddenly , a red foot stomp down between they , the thin leg stretch up into the sky . it rock forward and push off and away . the two kid stare at each other blankly . ext . susan bright's brownstone sim and doby head for the front door , sim still on he cellular phone . SIM you want to tell I what I be look for ? nebbleman I have only be invite to she house once , but I know there be a basement lab that she use for private research . SIM ( v.o. ) okay . susan you be never invite to my house . nebbleman you be look for a urine sample . SIM ( v.o. ) bingo . ext . susan bright's brownstone sim stare toward the basement , when out of the corner of he eye he notice -- nebbleman ( v.o. ) the fluid should be murky yellow in color and extremely viscous . the beaker of lemonade . int . CITY STREET o' brien grab the top of a building and he vault over as though hopping a fence . int . susan bright's brownstone sim inspect the beaker as if he might taste it . he take a whiff . SIM wait a minute . this be not no lemonade . int . limo Susan glare at nebbleman . SIM ( v.o. ) what 's it smell like ? nebbleman smell ? uh , something like methylcyanoacrylate . SIM ( v.o. ) like crazy glue ? nebbleman yes . that 's it . he 's get it . oh God , he 's get it ! ext . susan bright's brownstone o' brien watch from behind a light post as sim and doby cross from Susan 's walk to the lincoln . he slink down among the row of park car and edge out toward the street . the black lincoln start toward we get bigger , filling our vision , then pass over -- and we see o'brien cling to the chassis like a rubbery Max cady . ext . calumet CITY - day the afternoon sun have start its descend over the industrial landscape . tongues of exhaust flame lick up at the orange popsicle sky . ext . MAIN gate the black limousine ease through the gate against the swell of media . the steel garage door rattle down like a modern portcullis . int . argon lab the barrel - shape limo driver help argon into he wheelchair . poppy gently , ott. gently . argon Dr. nebbleman , I want to know the moment the nanobot arrive . the instant , understand ? nebbleman of course , sir . susan Dr. argon , I know you want to use the nanobot on yourself , but you must not . the situation be critical right now . the replicator be grow exponentially . if we wait much longer it will be too late . you have to use the nanobot to stop the meltdown . argon Dr. Bright , I do not have to do anything . susan but in another twenty - four hour the core meltdown will be beyond the stabilization period . there will be no way to stop it . argon to be brutally honest with you , Susan , as long as the nanobot do to I what it do to that idiot o' brien , I do not give a rat 's ass about what happen after that . the sincerity of he smile unnerve she . susan you can not mean that . argon come with I , Susan . I want to show you something . int . argon' office the elevator open and poppy , argon and Susan get out . argon something to drink , Dr. Bright ? susan no , thank you . argon you will forgive I but all the excitement have leave I extremely parched . poppy ? poppy get he a coca - cola while Susan notice the statue of argon . argon a monument to my past . I much prefer the future . come . int . conservatory the moist air envelop they as they enter . argon this be my garden . few people have see it because it mean so much to I . I be hope as a fellow scientist you can appreciate it . it be a botanical nightmare . huge seal tank feature bizarre plant- life breed and genetically engineered indiscriminately , like a blind man pair a sock drawer . Susan move onto the yellow brick lane , a look of horror wrinkling she face . argon gardener ? a man in a green jump suit look up . this be the gardener . he be never without he red sprayer tank , sling over he shoulder and be always wear a old snout gas mask . argon would you excuse we ? he disappear as the three start down the path . argon every species , every organism be the only one of its kind , create through cross - breeding or chemical and radioactive mutation as well as genetic manipulation . Inside atmospherically control tank , life exist where it should not . translucent palmy fern bask beneath a deadly drizzle of acid rain . crystalline cacti flourish around the soft glow of a radioactive isotope . argon I spend more time here than anywhere else , nurture they , treat they , because they all require very special care . he gaze into a seal geranium at a single flower with petal the color of a dead fish . it be be feed drop of photophorescent paste from tube that hang like ivs . argon poppy call they my child and I suppose that 's how I feel . that I have give birth to all of they , and there be nothing as precious or as beautiful as one 's own child . poppy smile at he as they stop in front of a tank where seamonkey - like creature titter and play inside they toxic solarium . argon we will always love most that which we create . do not you agree , Susan ? susan do that mean oppenheimer love the atomic bomb ? she can not believe that she just use a o'brien line . argon more than he would ever admit . his child change the world . what could make a parent more proud than that ? int . argon lab the black lincoln glide into the garage . the door close behind they and the car ease into the parking place , the cement block in front of the car read : d.t. sim ; Chief of Security . from under the car we see the foot of sim and doby sweep by then disappear as the two man enter the lobby of argon Tower . o' brien drop to the ground from the lincoln 's drive shaft let out a string of whisper expletive . int . conservatory argon slurp from the coca-cola , watch Susan . argon I bring you up here , Dr. Bright , because I want you to understand that we be on the path . the only difference be that you be walk with you head down , afraid to look up , to see where the path be go . susan I suppose you be go to tell I where it be go . argon I ask you what be the purpose of science ? what be the point of all we relentless exploration , investigation and experimentation ? it be to understand a single physical phenomenon , or to understand they all ? to cure one disease , or to cure every disease ? if science be simply a mean , what then be the end ? his wheelchair click and hum toward she . argon look up . look above you , Susan , and tell I what you see . she look up through the glass roof of the conservatory at the soot-stain sky . susan pollution ? argon do you know what I see ? I see man make he own cloud . I see man coloring he own sky , and like this garden it be a site that make my heart sing . he lick he lip . argon this be we world , Susan , and once you realize that , you will understand that the only place we path can end be on the throne of heaven . Science be the quest for divine perfection . susan how do you know we be not head in the wrong direction ? argon I look behind we , I look to the past , to a world steepe in rot and decay . I think of the acropolis in another century reduce to little more than dust . I see the face of rushmore eventually lose all distinction , and then I look at this ... he cradle the plastic bottle of coca-cola . argon and I imagine it in a thousand year as perfectly shape as the day it be make . he smile at she . argon I find that think exceptionally reassure . nebbleman burst through the glass door . nebbleman they be here ! they be here ! we have the nanobot . argon excellent . how long until the assembler tank be complete ? nebbleman 's glass steam up from the humidity as he stumble toward they . nebbleman Dr. makeo be work on it now , sir . I estimate at least another six hour . argon in the meantime , why do not you find something useful for Dr. Bright to do . susan I swear to you , argon , if you do not stop the meltdown that nanobot will be the last one I ever build . argon Susan , I sense you be have difficulty understanding the situation you be presently in . I ask that you keep in mind that I be ready to reduce a entire city to gelatin to get what I want . Susan notice the guard post at the door . argon if I be you , I would be careful about make promise that you will be unable to keep . his smile be as subtle as a knife point . int . hall gallery o' brien sneak ever so silently , edging toward the door at the opposite end . the wall be cover with a impressive collection by artist like dali , Picasso and Bacon , picture - light dramatically . as he near the end , he suddenly hear voice move toward he . he jump back , search for a place to hide . two armed guard enter . guard # 1 who be we suppose to be look for ? guard # 2 some guy in red underwear . they do not notice the bizarre red portrait hang on the wall . guard # 1 how be we suppose to know the color of he underwear ? int . hall a guard be post outside Susan 's room . int . susan's room Scientific equipment be pile in a room that look like a guest bedroom . awkwardly fill the center of the room be a long industrial freezer unit . nebbleman and Susan be alone . nebbleman this sample be take from the surround area . all the pertinent information be on disk . nebbleman lift the lid , cold air puffing out , spilling over the freezer 's edge . nebbleman what we need to know be expansion rate , how soon the replicator will reach the edge of the compound . Inside there be several normal - look object take from the lab , include a metal stool , a microscope and several glass beaker . she stare at he numbly . susan I do not believe this be happen ... nebbleman Susan , Dr. argon be give you a opportunity here . susan opportunity ? that snap she up . susan there 's a guard outside my door ! I be a prisoner , Nigel ! do you understand that ? nebbleman Dr. argon would say we be all prisoner . susan argon be a lunatic ! I can not believe I be stupid enough to believe I could control he . you hear what he say , Nigel . he do not care if all of calumet City be turn to jell -o . how can that not affect you ? because I be a new man , aman of vision . you nebbleman Susan . I be problem , Susan , be that you be always look down . i£ you would just look up you would see the big picture and in the big picture man of vision do not dwell on what might be lose . on what can be gain . they focus susan be that what argon tell you ? nebbleman no ! well , not that exact word . susan Nigel , can not you see he 's use you ? nebbleman of course he be , but at least there be not a security guard outside my door . you be afraid of he . who be not ? her eye narrow . Daniel o'brien . int . hall o'brien tip -toe past a intersect hear -- hey ... o' brien freeze . hey , you ! susan nebbleman susan hall when he security security the security man be a hundred foot away , but before he can even get he gun out - o' brien 's arm shoot down the hall , a reach -- huge hand cover the security man 's entire head before he be able to scream . the hand be like a plastic bag over he head that he can not get free of until he finally black out . o' brien lay he down gently . his arm snap back and he tip-to away . int . susan's room nebbleman smirk , clean he glass . nebbleman I be not interested in be a hero , Susan . I be not interested in self - delusion and romantic sentiment . he put he glass back on . nebbleman I 'ma scientist . I have live my whole life by the diagnostic application of fact and the fact be , argon be go to get whatever he want , so if I be you , I would give it to he . susan you mean the design for the nanobot ? you think after this I be go to give they to he ? nebbleman I think that either you be go to give they to he or he 's go to make you give they to he . susan make I ? how ? you think he 's go to torture I ? nebbleman shrug . nebbleman I would . he smile and that make it worse . susan get out . get out now before I hurt you . nebbleman stammer before scurrying for the door . int . hall o' brien be search different room , stuff he head between door and jamb , call , " Susan , " in a hushed voice . the elevator at the end of the hall open and he hear the electric whine of argon 's wheelchair together with the tap of poppy 's stiletto heel . he press himself flat against the nearest door . poppy do you think she will give we the design ? argon eventually . this thing be always a matter of leverage . poppy and you think o'brien be that leverage ? argon that remain to be see . o' brien peek out and see that they be head straight at he . poppy and you still believe he 's go to come here ? argon base on what we know of he , that would seem inevitable . poppy do you think she love he ? argon she must feel something for he . after all , she and I do create he . it seem they be about to see he but when they reach the double door , o'brien be go . she throw open the door and he follow she into -- int . poppy' bedroom everything be red ; pvc gleam like patent leather . poppy do you think she love he like I love you ? it be a woman 's question and it annoys he . argon poppy , be you in one of you mood again ? poppy no , icky , this be real . she close the door behind they . poppy I have be think a lot since this all start . think about we . uninterested in the direction of the conversation , argon notice that there be two identical ottoman . poppy you know how I feel about you . you know how much I need you . how much I trust you . I would do anything for you . argon why be there two ottoman ? poppy icarus , please ! this be important ! she see he stare at the ottoman and step up onto it , heel gouging into the pad . the ottoman gurgle . poppy look at I , icarus ! look at my body . I have do everything , change anything you ask I to . not we will always love most that which we create . ' be that still true ? argon yes . yes , of course it be . poppy then you still love I ? argon poppy , please , just tell I what you want . she step down and kneel close to the wheelchair . poppy I want to know what will happen if the nanobot work on you become like o'brien , a plastic man . what will happen to I ? he realize what she be ask . argon you want to be polymerize ? timidly , she look up into he eye . poppy plastic mean forever , do not it ? his smile be like a razor - cut , lip slowly widen . argon that it do , my dear . that it do . she smile until he pull away and begin wheeling out . poppy icarus ? argon I promise , my dear , I will give the matter some consideration . poppy consideration ? argon if you honestly trust I , then you will have to trust I . he close the door . angry , she turn away look for something to hit . she pick up a hairbrush instead and begin violently brush she hair in the vanity mirror . behind she , in the mirror , we see the ottoman scurry mouse - like to the close door . int . bathroom o' brien stand up in agony , hold he back where she heel dig in . a clatter noise draw he to the door . he peek out just as she pull down the zipper on she dress . shrugge out of the sleeve , she walk toward the bathroom . o' brien search the room ; where the bedroom be red , the bathroom be completely white . there be nowhere to hide except -- the toilet . he climb in as the door open . she drop she dress and kick off she shoe . as she move to the tub , o'brien 's hand reach up and pull the flush . she hear the toilet flush , look at it , wiggle the handle . int . susan's room Susan be move around the room , think . in she glove hand be the glass beaker which she be wring nervously , wadding , crinkling , and pull at it so intensely it sound like pop bubble wrap . she look at the window and at the black steel bar outside . we rise above she , moving toward the chandelier , toward the single light bulb that be apparently burn out . until we can see into the grayish glass and find the tip of the fiber optic cable . int . security booth - close on monitor as if look through a window down into Susan 's room . SIM ( 0.s. ) ubi ... ubiqu ... ubiqu ... wider angle sim be read from a dictionary . SIM ubiquitous . present , or seem to be present , everywhere at the same time ; omnipresent . he look up . SIM I like that . int . pipe o' brien zip through the intersect , elbow maze of pipe . int . bathroom another toilet seat peek open . the room be empty . o' brien climb out . he grab a towel , drying himself as he quietly crack open the door . when he see Susan at the desk he can not believe he luck . o'brien Susan ! she nearly jump out of she skin . susan Daniel ! they rush to each other 's arm . susan I do not believe it . you be here ! oh thank God . o'brien you do not think I could just leave you ? susan I do not know what be go to happen . I be just so worried something be go to happen to you . o'brien what could happen ? I be the plastic man , remember ? she remember argon . susan oh no ! argon ! we have to stop he before he use the nanobot ! we have to get the nanobot ! o'brien where be it ? susan argon 's private lab . o'brien let 's go . they start for the door when Susan whisper . susan wait . there 's a guard . o' brien almost laugh . o'brien he will never know what hit he . he grab the handle and throw open the door . Susan can not see what he see , but she know by he reaction , it 's not good . SIM savior- faire be everywhere . o' brien back up into the room , push by a very large gun . SIM I be Mr. ubiquitous , be not I o'brien ? doby enter behind sim with several heavily - armed guard . SIM you know what ubiquitous mean , do not you ? it mean here we go again . sim laugh very loudly as argon wheel in , poppy at he side . argon welcome to my home , Mr. o'brien . as you can see we have be expect you . sim laugh again . o'brien this be wonderfully accommodate of you all . now I will not have to come look for you . SIM you be look for we ? o'brien yeah , I have something I have be meaning to give you . SIM yeah , and what might that be ? o'brien a ass -beat . would you like yours first , Mr. sim ? sim cock he gun and now o'brien smile . SIM just try it ! come on ! do something . move. anything . anything ! just twitch , blink , I dare you ! I double dare you ! o' brien become completely rigid , freeze like a smile mannequin . sim do not know what to do . he look around the room when -- o' brien 's tongue lash out like a frog 's , and snatch the gun . SIM that 's disgusting . o' brien level the gun at argon and everyone react . o'brien I should kill you right now for what you do to I ! argon maybe you should , but you can not . Susan scream as doby grab she and pin a gun to she head . susan run , Daniel ! get out of here ! o'brien I be not leave without you , Susan ! argon you do not have to leave , Mr. o'brien . we have prepare a wonderful room for you . I think you will find it quite comfortable , so comfortable , in fact , I doubt you will ever want to leave . as he speak they all pull out white oxygen mask . argon gardener ! the gardener appear , sprayer in hand and rush straight at o'brien , aim the nozzle into he face . o' brien try to back away , to find air but the nozzle be everywhere pump a mist that envelop both of they . cough , choke , unable to breathe , the gas begin to take effect . o' brien collapse , the gas-mask figure stand over the soft rubbery head . susan nooo ! poppy and argon exchange quiet smile . susan what be you go to do to he ? argon do ? well , I suppose that depend on you . she know what he want and she head drop . int . conservatory the gardener adjust several gas tank valve and we follow the feed line up to the top where the humidifier blower breathes into the seal cell . the gass drift down to the bottom where we see the supple red puddle of o'brien . float on the edge of consciousness , o'brien lift he head . outside the curve plexiglas he see warpe face stare at he . o'brien «+. susa ... his eye roll and he head pitch forward , slapping and flatten out against the plexi . Dr. Bright touch the glass . susan what do you use ? argon a light mixture of oxygen , dioxide , and sodium pentothal . he will sleep , that 's all . she take a last look at he , then steady herself as she turn to argon . susan I give you the design , you let we both go . that 's the deal . argon nod . int . argon' private lab makeo and nebbleman watch as the new assembler tank finish its test run . the tank look like a cross between a giger sarcophagi and a dry clean machine . the motor and pump suddenly stop as the lab grow quiet . nebbleman ... it 's ready . int . susan's room Susan be at the desk , she jaw set , she face blank , ina kind of analytical trance . int . security booth sim and doby be alone at the control center . sim be try to concentrate on Susan with the same intensity that she be concentrate with . he fail . SIM you know why I hate smart woman ? doby say nothing . SIM they be always think but you never know what they be think . int . susan's room suddenly she walk to the far wall and turn out the light . int . security booth the monitor go dark . SIM why would she do that ? int . susan's room in the dark , she take she chair and wedge it under the door handle . she put on the protective glove . susan all right , argon . you want a fight , you get one . then throw open the freezer unit . int . conservatory in a drugge haze , o'brien search the edge of he prison . his head and limb move with a strange fluidity , rise and fall like the molten bleb of a lava lamp . his finger find the gas line open in the blower . take a deep breath , he stick he arm into the tiny hole and pull himself up inside . we follow the coil of copper tub down into the different tank of gas . we hear the " tink , tink " as he pound against the metal canister . unable to hold he breath , he rise through the gas-feed , back to the open where he emerge like a giant red droplet of water -- falling and splash back into he cell . int . poppy' bedroom poppy be help argon undress . argon can you feel it , poppy ? the presence of the moment ? can you feel the weight of its significance ? poppy oh yes , icky . I can feel it . argon this be what my entire life have be direct at , this moment , this threshold . poppy okay , arm up , lean forward . he lean over she shoulder and she hold he up while she take he pants off . argon I stand on the verge of man 's great triumph over the force of nature ! pant down , she set he back into the chair . argon gently , gently . my metamorphosis will be more than a simple transformation . she pull he foot free of each pant leg . argon it will be a ascension . poppy I be so excited , icarus . she stand help he with he robe . poppy I be wonder if you would finish consider ? argon consider what ? poppy what I ask you earlier ? he realize what she be talk about . argon poppy , please -- poppy if you love I like I love you ? argon poppy , this be not the time ! there be a knock on the door . argon yes ? Dr. makeo enter . makeo we be ready for you , sir . int . hall sim , doby and several security guard be outside Dr. Bright 's room . SIM Dr. Bright . this be not do anyone any good . he knock , yell at the door . SIM this be not very cooperative behavior ! I be go to tell Dr. argon that you be not cooperate ! he shove at the door but it do not budge . SIM come on ! we know you be in there ! no answer . he turn to doby in disgust . SIM break it down . int . susan's room we hear doby slam against the door , but it hold . across the dark room we see Susan stand at the window . susan come on , come on ... she be hold the glass beaker against the iron bar , infect they with the replicator fallout . body batter the door again . she drop the beaker and grab hold of the two bar . they bend like thick rod of rubber . susan yes ! the next blow vibrate through the entire frame . ignoring it , she grab hold of the stool that be also take from the lab . stretch out one of the leg , she tie it to one of the non-polymerized bar . the door splinter at the hinge . hurrying , she squeeze herself and the stool out between the rubber bar . stand on the ledge , she make a crucial mistake : she look down . the roof of the main laboratory be forty foot away . ext . MAIN gate chatt with the other reporter , Spencer look up and see Dr. Bright stand outside the window . spencer Holy shit ! jumper ! he grab he cameraman . spencer get this ! get this ! int . susan's room the door shriek , crack open . out on the edge , Susan close she eye . susan it will work . it 's get to . it 's get to . holding tightly to one of the other leg of the stool , she take a deep breathe and -- step off the ledge . she fall , the stool stretch surreally , but it be not pliable enough to reach the roof below . halfway down it slow , about to bungee - bouce she back up . her body jerk as the leg wrench from she grip -- send she cartwheel into the open air . she seem to hang for a moment , watch the stool shrink back to the window . she scream . ext . MAIN gate every camera be lock on she . ext . roof there be nothing between she and the roof except the force of gravity . it suck she down . plummete , helplessly hurtle , she scream again as -- she slam onto the roof , but instead of be splatter against it -- she bounce up . the polymerize roof give like a trampoline , toss she lightly until she lay on she back , stare up at the window , adrenaline bubbling out of she in laughter and tear . ext . MAIN gate the cameraman look at Spencer . spencer there 's a logical explanation . have to be . int . susan's room sim find the stool still tie to the bar . outside he see Susan climb down through a roof access door into the quarantine lab . SIM oh shit . where 's argon ? int . argon' private lab argon sit in he wheelchair , eye blaze as nebbleman draw the nanobiotic fluid into a hypodermic needle . nebbleman of course you understand , Dr. argon , that once the nanobot be inside of you , there be no go back -- argon shut up and do it ! nebbleman force down a swallow , and stick the needle into he neck . int . MAIN lab Susan move through the unreal reality of the polymerize building . her foot sink with every step into the floor . door handle bend like knead dough . the concrete form step in the stairwell pillow out under she weight and she lose she balance -- groping for the rail that also distend . susan this be insane . int . argon' private lab argon shed he robe and , wear black bikini brief , he start to climb into the tank . makeo try to help he . argon no ! I will do it myself ! his leg , withere and atrophy like stick of beef jerky , drag behind he . with obvious effort , he pull himself into the chamber . wheezing , he can only nod to Dr. makeo , who close and seal the chamber . Dr. makeo crank the pressurize balloon valve , watch the gauge as the chemical begin to flow from the mixing vat into the main chamber . there be a muffled scream as the chamber begin to fill , knocking and shaking slightly . several nervous glance be exchange as the gauge begin to climb . int . conservatory - close on red teeth of a strange serrate shaft . o' brien have form he arm into a massive tire jack which span the wall of he transparent cage . his other arm work the lever with slow determination , ratchete up the shaft . outside the tank , the polyethylene window begin to bulge where he hand press . o' brien glare beneath he heavy eyelid . o'brien come on , o'brien -- int . MAIN lab Susan sneak out of the stairwell . down the hall , she see two member of the containment crew in they heavy protective suit . each have a tank strapped to they back , and be hose the entire hall with liquid nitrogen . they do not notice she , as she head the other way , try not to let the floor squeak . int . conservatory above o'brien , the humidifier hiss , sodium pentothal wafting down . he grit he rubbery tooth and crank the lever . it click one more tooth . the wall swell , warping , creaking as the lever arc back . o'brien just one more ... sweat pour down he face , but just as the tooth click , the arm shaft bend and -- o' brien collapse into a watery pile . int . MAIN lab the tank rumble as poppy chew at a perfect nail . poppy I can not stand it ! how much longer ? nebbleman watch he timer for a moment , then count it down . nebbleman five , four , three , two -- drain it ! makeo throw open the drain valve as nebbleman monitor he improve waste system . nebbleman it 's work , it 's work . makeo unscrew the tank lock and step back . steam wheeze from the open as a strange figure emerge , cover in a saran wrap caul . hunched over , the figure cough a gelatinous mass from its lung as it tear itself free of the layer of polymerize sweat . no longer a debilitate cripple , argon rise to he foot as everyone see the massive physique restore to all its former glory . poppy oh my God . his arm reach out to the heaven as he let loose the scream that have be trap for so long inside . ext . MAIN gate the scream send a chill through the reporter . int . lab hall susan oh no . the crew member hear the scream and stop work . one of they notice she . crew # 1 hey ! hold it ! stop ! they rush at she . search for any kind of weapon , Susan grab a fire extinguisher from the wall . swing it like a club , she let the first one have it but -- it , too , have be polymerize and the red tank bounce off he skull . susan nut . crew # 2 Lady , you be in serious trouble ! he throw she back against the wall , which she spring off of , kick he in the ball -- finally find something solid . scream , he fall to he knee , he hose spew liquid nitrogen . the second man grab she , cause she to drop the extinguisher into the puddle of foam nitrogen . they wrestle until she tear herself free , snatching hold of the extinguisher . she whip around -- clubbing he again , but this time the freeze tank explode over he head , froth like a shattered beer bottle . he fall to the soft mat-like floor . int . argon' private lab sim and doby emerge from the elevator and head for the lab . he hear poppy giggling and argon 's new booming voice . argon ( 0.s. ) it 's fantastic to be plastic ! sim push into the lab and see argon , still wear bikini brief , bounce poppy into the air with he huge rubberize arm . SIM Holy ... argon hear he . argon exactly right , Mr. sim . you have enter one of the holy place on Earth . he catch poppy and she cuddle against he chest . argon this lab shall forever be consecrate ground and you , Mr. sim , stand here a witness to man 's ultimate triumph : the polymerization of human flesh ! nebbleman be behind he , use a razor to cut he hair like Susan do to Daniel . argon laugh . nebbleman Sir , please try to hold still . SIM so , I guess it work . argon ' worked ' ? ' worked ' ?! argon a watch work , Mr. sim . a bureaucrat work . what transpire here cannot be measure by the word " work . " his chest swell , as if he be pose down for Mr. Universe . argon what you see before you be the culmination of evolution . the realization of the one drive desire at the heart of all great human endeavor ; the desire for immortality ! the polymerization of human flesh be no mere molecular transmutation , no simple scientific procedure ; it be nothing short of a miracle ! a miracle that mark the ascension of man from the finite to the infinite ! from the transient to the everlast ! his perfect white tooth high - beam the room . poppy stare , adulation ooze from every pore . poppy oh , icky ... argon kiss she , hard . SIM look , I do not mean to rain on everyone 's ascension here , but we get a little problem . argon speak . SIM Dr. Bright have escape . argon breathes deep , control he temper . argon if you let she reach that reporter outside the main gate , Mr. sim -- his hand whip - wrap around sim 's throat . SIM ++. gurk ... understand . int . MAIN lab wearing one of the protective suit , Susan push through part of a containment crew , head for the elevator . most of the crew be surround the captain . crew # 3 the whole west wing be go , Captain . crew # 4 it 's in the phone line -- crew # 5 it 's spread to the underground pipe -- crew # 6 we gotta get out of here ! the Captain notice Susan . captain hey ! where be you go ? think fast , she point to she crotch as though need to go to the bathroom . the Captain nod . int . conservatory o' brien be deflate , head cradle in a arm coil . his other arm be raise against the perspex wall . he have turn he finger into a glass cutter , move it around and around in a slow deliberate circle . int . poppy' bedroom argon stand before the mirror wear a new black suit , like o'brien 's . argon excellent work , Dr. nebbleman . you have outdone yourself . nebbleman thank you , sir . poppy step behind he , run she hand over he body . someone knock sim do . poppy oh , icky , you know what latex do to I ... at the door . argon enter . SIM Dr. argon , everything 's start to come apart here . you hire I to take care of this matter of security and I be try , but element be make my job impossible . argon have you find Dr. Bright ? SIM no . the captain of the containment crew be close down the main lab . he say the area have get to be evacuate . nebbleman he 's probably right , sir , the building be probably go to collapse under its own weight . SIM and if we evacuate , what do you want to do with o'brien ? argon it will be better for we if he simply disappear . the gardener will know what to do . nebbleman wait , wait , can I at least have he body ? argon donate to science . perfect . int . conservatory the glass cutter trace the circle have completely lose its shape ; he finger squeaking against the plexiglas . the gardener lead sim , doby , and nebbleman towards o'brien 's geranium . SIM can I ask you something ? do you ever take that mask off ? the gardener shake he head . SIM do not it get hot ? the gardener nod . at the end of the path , they reach o' brien 's tank . o' brien sleepily lift he head . SIM sorry , pal . check out time . Moral of story ; next life , mind you own business . the gardener begin to shut off the valve . the gauge drop to zero as the gas open at the top of the tank rasp and go silent . immediately , o'brien know that he be go to suffocate . he scream and pound on the plexi . they all watch as he soft rubbery fist mash uselessly against the wall of the tank . SIM even a plastic man 's gotta breathe , eh , Doc ? nebbleman be too entrance to reply . at the far end of the conservatory , the door swing open . sim glance over he shoulder and see a member of the containment Crew stride toward they . SIM what be you do here ? you be suppose to be look for the woman . crewman we find she . the voice be muffle by the headgear . SIM what ? do you say you find she ? body catch the scent of something fishy . he turn to the Crew member . behind sim , o' brien suck at the thinning air , he punch grow weaker . the Crew member lunge at sim but doby be ready -- seize hold of the small body while tear off the helmet , revealing Susan Bright . nebbleman Susan ! SIM wellie well , Dr. Bright . you be just in time . o' brien 's eye bulge when he see she , but he know it be too late . his hand press against the plexi , he eye melt into silicon tear . susan nooo ! like a wild animal she bite doby , twist free just long enough to jump at sim and -- snatch the gun from he belt . sim grab she wrist and they fight for control until Susan manage to squeeze off a single shot -- that punch a hole in o'brien 's tank . the hole be tiny , but it be all plastic man need . he dive at it , thinning to a pencil , drive himself through . he emerge from the other side , like a genie freed from he lamp . SIM uh-oh . afraid now , sim twist Susan 's arm behind she back and yank the gun free . nebbleman cower behind doby . the gardener slip away , hurry for he spray can . o' brien face sim , he eye blaze with malice aforethought . sim hide behind Susan , hold the gun to she , barely able to see over she shoulder . SIM here we go again , eh , o'brien ? I get the gun , I get the girl . all you get be some rubber underwear ! he laugh , feel a little better . o' brien point a single finger that creep slowly at sim . o'brien I have be think about you , Mr. sim . sim watch it as the tip shape into a fish hook . o'brien all the different way that I could kill you . SIM oh yeah ? he aim the gun at o'brien . SIM maybe you be ready to find out if that hide of yours be bulletproof ? o'brien the question be , be you ? sim thumb back the hammer . o'brien because once you pull the trigger , if that bullet do not kill I , we both know , you be a dead man . sim 's hand shake . SIM I be not afraid of no plastic man . boom . the bullet sink into o'brien 's chest , push he flesh back with a shriek stretch , project it out behind he impossibly , until -- the bullet stop . o' brien look back at sim whose eye fill with fear . Susan dive to the ground as the bullet come rush back and -- with a resounding whip crack , hit sim right in the chest . sim sink to the ground , dead . doby howl and rush o'brien who turn he fist into sledgehammer . nebbleman bolt but Susan snatch hold of he . susan do you know the best thing about have you as a assistant , Nigel ? she wring the lapel of he lab coat . susan be know that if you ever piss I off , I could always kick you ass . she wind up just as nebbleman 's eye cross . nebbleman ohhh ... he faint into a bruise color bush . she shake she head . o' brien pound the sound of chirp bird into doby 's skull as Susan see the gardener rush behind he . susan Daniel ! but the spray can be already hissing , pump out deadly cloud of red gas . o'brien not this time , pal ! o' brien clasp he hand together and form a giant bellow that suck up all the gas . o'brien let 's see how you like it . he shove the nozzle of the bellow into the filter of he gas mask and squeeze . the dark glass eye fill with smoke as the gardener thrashes around try to get the mask off . he stumble , flail wildly and smashes into the seamonkey geranium . the little creature swarm all over he as he collapse to the ground . o' brien turn just as Susan rush into he arm . o'brien you save my life . susan do you think I could just leave you ...? they hold each other tightly , feel the volatile electron charge the air , create a intermolecular bond between they . o'brien susie ... I ... susan you do not have to say anything , Daniel . I 'ma scientist . I know what 's happen . I recognize the classic symptom . dizziness , shortness of breath , sweat palm ... I can feel my adrenal secreting , my parasympathetic nervous system quivering , the estradiol coursing through my entire body ... her lip move closer to he . susan and I know there 's only one way to cure it ... she kiss he and almost melt the polymerize lip right off he face . the kiss be so intense , it shake the entire building around they . ext . argon tower the metal frame support the tower have finally be affect by the replicator . two of the leg squash out cause the other leg to bend . int . conservatory they break the kiss , realize that the building be actually shaking . o'brien what in the ...? susan oh shit , the meltdown . it 's spread to the tower . o'brien we have get to get the nanobot . susan it 's too late . argon injected it . o'brien you mean he 's polymerize , like I ? she nod . o'brien that mean the nanobot be still inside he . susan yes . o'brien what would happen if I throw he into the core ? susan the same thing I suppose . that 's all o'brien need to hear . int . poppy' bedroom what be happen beneath the red rubber sheet of poppy 's bed be beyond anything ever picture in the kama sutra . poppy scream as the earth move again . argon stick he head out . argon do you feel that ? poppy do I ? I have be wait for that for year . argon not that . the building shiver and lean again . argon that . it 's the fall - out . we have to get out of here . ext . argon tower the tower lean a few more degree as outside the lab , bedlam erupt . the containment crew and security force scatter from the building like rat pour from a sink ship . ext . MAIN gate Spencer grab hold of the fence , watch the tower lean . spencer we gotta get in there ! he notice that the fence be warm . spencer hey , what 's up with the fence ? he pull back and it stretch like gum . int . argon' office o' brien and Susan be argue in the office . the floor weirdly tilt under they . susan Daniel , just forget argon . let 's get out of here . we will find another way to stop the waste . o'brien we do not have time to argue , Susan . he 's drag she toward the door to the roof . o'brien I be go to set you down outside . you have to get over to the reporter outside the gate . we have to warn people what 's happen . she do not like be drag anywhere . that hurt . susan you be not go after argon ! o'brien I have to ! susan do the word ' hero fantasy ' mean anything to you ? how about ' infantile dementia ' ? o'brien maybe you be right but so what . I be go to beat the snot out of he , she be about to continue the fight when the elevator open and end it . argon and poppy get out . the man begin circle each other . argon how apropos . o'brien ai not it . argon as you can see I be a new man , just like you . o'brien oh no . you be not like I . in fact , I be betting you be the same greedy , remorseless , egomaniacal bad guy you always be . o' brien pump up a huge fist . his forearm then go slack as he begin swinging the fist like a medieval morning star . argon it remain to be see who be the good guy and who be the bad guy . History be write by the victor . o'brien the only history I be gonna write be you obituary ! he lunge , the fist arcing down as argon awkwardly counter -- the blow connect snap argon 's head back . poppy icky ! susan get he , Daniel ! knock he block off ! poppy hiss at Susan as the two woman now edge toward one another . o' brien press he attack , batter and bludgeon argon -- every blow landing with a loud rubber smack that reverberate through argon 's tooth . desperate , the villain flail back , long ropy limb try to tie o'brien up as -- his extend leg drive both man fly backwards -- crash through the enormous vista-window . susan Daniel ! ext . MAIN gate the reporter be lift the fence and scramble inside . Spencer hear the window explode and see the black and red intertwined body -- still lock in combat , pummel , kick , bite -- comete straight to the earth . ka-boing . the force of the fall blast they apart each rebound into the air -- o' brien flipping , righting himself as he land on he foot . argon quickly recover . Spencer do not . spencer that - that 's not possible . int . argon' office the two woman smell blood . susan okay , barbie , let 's get this over with . poppy do not worry , four eye . from she bag , poppy whip out a razor knife . poppy it 's not go to take long . ext . ground o' brien and argon have at one another again . Spencer stand in the white wash of he cameraman 's light . spencer we be just outside argon lab and I can , without fear of hyperbole , say that what be happen behind I be the most unbelievably fantastic thing the world have ever see . argon be learn quickly , morph he body the way o'brien do . spencer two man , if they be indeed really man , lock in mortal combat . pure jack-the-k - kirby pugilistics . spencer one of they apparently the dangerous radical environmentalist authority have be search for . the other appear to be icarus argon , or at least icarus argon fifteen year ago . fist fly , blast body hurl through the air only to bounce right back . spencer there be time , singular fleeting moment when a man glimpsis a event which he know be go to change the world . although I do not fully understand what be happen here , I sense that this fight be somehow about the future of the planet . argon suddenly realize that o'brien be lead the battle closer and closer to the main lab . argon I know what you be do . o'brien you mean besides kick you ass ?! argon you think you can use I to stop the meltdown . o' brien 's face reveal nothing . argon it 's not go to happen . his arm shoot up to the helicopter pad , but o'brien snag hold of he . o'brien not so fast , icky , I promise you a ass-beat and I be just get start . boom . fist-imprinted in the middle of argon 's face . int . argon' office poppy slashes viciously at Susan , drive she back into a corner where -- she duck behind the statue of icarus and shove -- tipping it over onto poppy , who scream fall back as the statue smashes to the ground . Susan grab one of the break arm and backhand poppy before she get to she foot . Susan be about to finish she off when the building tilt again throw she , crash over the desk . ext . ground the tower squeak again , leg bend , give way , throw the crowd into a panic . if o'brien even notice we can not tell . his attack be a unrelent fury -- fist like jackhammer -- like wreck ball and ballistic missile . bomb after bomb rearrange argon 's face . his body grow soft and supple , he knee turn to syrup as -- o' brien wind up the haymaker . o'brien well , argon , accord to you this make I the good guy , do not it ? ka-boom . light out . argon hit the ground with a wet smack . int . argon' office poppy be up first , deliver a stiletto- heele kick to Susan 's face , knock she out . the building tremble again and poppy forget Susan and hurry to the roof door . ext . ground the crowd have burst apart , run from the building , while o'brien shoulder argon and head for the main lab floor . int . roof stairwell poppy push outside to the roof . the helicopter have shift toward the tilt edge . she climb into the pilot 's seat . int . lab stairwell o' brien climb the polymerize stair in giant step . he be head for Susan 's lab when -- argon 's eye snap open . int . argon' office Susan wake up as the build continue to groan . she go to the elevator but it no longer work . she then see the open roof door . int . hall argon attack with snake- like speed , whip - wrapping both arm like twin boa constrictor around o' brien 's neck . a small " gak " spit out as o'brien feel he windpipe pinch . ext . roof the helicopter blade begin to chop as Susan fling open the roof door . int . hall o' brien throw himself backward against the wall , try to smash argon off he , but -- everything be polymerize . they bounce and roll into a smaller lab , argon wrap around o'brien like a creep - ivy vine . o' brien thrashes through the room , slamm into stainless steel scientific equipment -- only to bounce off they like they be nerf toy . desperate , he hurl they both at a large window but -- the polymerize glass balloon out , both body visible inside the bulg bubble that -- snap back , slinging they across the lab and out into the hall . ext . roof Susan try to climb into the helicopter when the tower tilt more violently than ever . the helicopter slide out hook its landing gear on the guard rail , flipping up out of control , kill the engine . thrown free , Susan slide toward the same edge where the helicopter dangle precariously . below they be the roof of the main lab . int . MAIN lab o' brien fall to he knee . he be ready to give up when he see something . his face as red as he suit , he breath a tiny rasp , he begin to crawl . argon die ! die ! damn you ! why do not you just die ! the world spin and go spotty as he collapse . argon yes ! but he hand keep go , cartoon finger grop down the hall toward -- the tank of liquid nitrogen still lay near the break fire extinguisher . the hand take hold of it -- argon no ! oh no ! and come rush back like the cavalry . argon scream as the nitrogen spray out , soaking he arm , freezing they solid . a little frost , o'brien slip he head free while argon try to crack apart he arm . he look up and see o'brien aim the nitrogen again . argon no. o'brien ! do not ! please ! o' brien let he have it , full frosting blast . he grab hold of he and with two huge step burst into Susan 's lab . int . susan's lab the room pulse with a seethe sense of sickness as everything turn to gray slime like a rotting banana turn brown . fluorescent light drip like stalactite from the droop drop-ceile . equipment hang like swamp -moss , or sit in puddle like melting chocolate . the center of the room be a crater , the floor sagging limply like a wet napkin . at the bottom of the crater where the assembler tank use to be be a pond of pale glow goo . argon crack he jaw loose . they stand at the edge of the crater . argon please , o'brien , do not do this to I ! I will give you anything you want ! o'brien yeah , I be go to finish what you start -- o' brien see the finger slither out like a black tentacle around he leg . o' brien slip free and -- hurl argon out over the crater . argon scream as he finger reach for the soft pipe above the drop-ceile . the finger find a hold just before argon hit the white pool . he bounce , dangle above it . argon you can not do this ! you owe I , o'brien . I make you plastic ! I make you ! o'brien that 's right . and make I be the biggest mistake you ever make ! o' brien 's hand sear at we shaping into a huge pair of scissors . argon scream as the scissors clip through the finger strand -- drop argon into the pond of moon -milk . almost immediately there be a reaction . the pool sizzle and begin to swell into a single volcanic bubble . o' brien whirl and run . ext . roof Susan carefully slide to the edge , reach out to help poppy . susan grab my hand ! int . conservatory the building be shaking as nebbleman wake up . int . lab the bubble continue to swell . int . hall o' brien race through the rubbery hall . ext . roof poppy be struggle to get out of the safety harness when -- int . MAIN lab the bubble burst . int . hall the force of the blast launch o'brien into the air and he recoil tucking himself into a ball -- super-bounce down the hall . ext . roof the building shiver from the explosion and the helicopter pitch back . swing out from Susan who lose she balance and slip . int . susan's lab the chain reaction spread out from the crater as molecule shift , rebound , change into a ionic solid -- like blow glass that be cool too quickly -- shiver with the sound of cracking ice floe . ext . roof the tower tip again , ready to fall at any moment . Susan cling to the rail while inside the helicopter poppy be no longer struggle . she be stare up at the enormous full moon above she . poppy icky ...? ext . MAIN lab o' brien dive from the lab as part of it collapse with a shower of crashing glass . ext . roof the rail give out and the helicopter fall . it seem for a moment to drift like a snowflake as poppy reach at the moon . poppy plastic mean forever ... it hit the roof and shatter through it as though it be sheet candy . Susan be throw out over the edge dangle from the rail as -- the helicopter shatter through the building with a ear - bleed crash before its metal carcass burst into flame . as Susan cling to the rail , she look up and see nebbleman . he stare at she through he break glass . nebbleman this be all you fault , Susan ... he bend toward she clutching finger . ext . ground o' brien be search everywhere for Susan . o'brien Susan ! Susan ! ext . roof nebbleman be peel up she finger , when -- the tower begin to fall . with a final metal shriek the leg give out completely . still hold on , Susan fall with the tower . nebbleman 's eye bulge as he be throw over the rail and into the fiery abyss ... o' brien look up as the tower arc down and see Susan cling , dangle , about to be bury beneath it . o'brien noooo ! a red rubber rocket sear across the night sky . Susan 's grip fail and she drop into -- o' brien , who have flatten himself out like a giant luge chute . she slide away as the tower collapse into the fiery oblivion , fall lightly into the soft wait arm of ... susan my hero ... they kiss . we rise above they , reaching up for the moon in all its luminous glory , watching as it morph into a blaze sun . we pan down to a new day . ext . CITY STREET o' brien be carry a brown bag fill with grocery . Susan be walk beside he . she suddenly start laugh . susan God , when we be in that store all I could think about be that one time , when we be in school , and you attack that little kid who want some cereal . do you remember that ? o'brien I remember I be try to help ... susan God , what a fight that be . o'brien we be different people then . susan do you suppose that be we problem ? we meet before we time ? I think that happen a lot . people , event , planet all just circle each other wait for that moment when everything click into place . o' brien be no longer listen to she , stare at something like a attack dog . susan that moment of synchronicity where everything seem to work out just the way it should . walk straight toward they be the litterbug . susan I suppose if there be a god , it would be that moment that would make I believe in she ... or he . just like he do before , the litterbug gulp from a styrofoam cup . susan Daniel , what be ... she see what he be stare at just as the litterbug crumble the cup and pitch it into the bush . susan oh no . the litterbug continue toward they . susan Daniel , please , do not , not today , it 's such a nice day ... she watch he brace for the attack , jaw work , hackles raise , fist clenching . susan aww shit . the litterbug reach they , shove he way past and o'brien -- let he go . he smile . o'brien you be right . it be a nice day . he walk over and pick up the cup himself . o'brien I can throw it out . no big deal . she can not believe it . his arm shoot out and a moment later whap back ; the cup be go . she smile and he wrap he arm around she . susan thing do change . o'brien I guess they do . they stroll on and we glide back in the direction he arm shot -- where we see the litterbug wedge head first into a wire meshed trash can , kick like a invert cockroach , the styrofoam cup stuff in he mouth . and we close on the sign -- " keep litter in its place . " fade out . the end