platinum blonde Story by Harry E. chandlee and Douglas W. churchill fade in 1 . int . CITY room of newspaper office - day - full shot General atmosphere , typical of a busy newspaper office . copy boy run about , shirtsleeve reporter and rewrite man pound away on typewriter . Little wire basket contain cylinder of copy whizzing back and forth , such as be use in some department store , etc . SOUND ( morkrum machine , [ 1 ] typewriter , telephone bell and all other sound relative to a newspaper office ) when shot have be fully establish : camera start trucking down MAIN aisle it take in the battery of morkrum machine clatter away ; the crescent - shape copy desk ; the desk of the sport editor , with a big cauliflower - ear pugilist and he manager stand by the side of the sport editor , a hefty guy in he shirtsleeve , smoking a big cigar and wear a green eye-shade ; the desk of the society editor , a prissy old lady , who take down a wear copy of the Blue Book as the camera pass she and start look up some data ; and any other interesting or typical bit that can be think out . at the far end of the room be the desk of conroy , the City editor . everything show evidence of feverish activity and great haste . 2 . close shot on conroy , the City editor at he desk , speak on the telephone . conroy yeah , that 's all I ever get from you guy - a lot of hard luck storey . you come back here and I will give you a assignment . it will be a last interview - with the cashier ! he hang up , look around with a scowl . stew ! stew Smith ! reporter oh Mr. conroy , give I a crack at that schuyler story , will you ? conroy you ? if you ever get you foot into a draw room , you would step on a slide rug ! stew be the only man that 's get brain enough to handle this . scram ! a copy Boy rush by on a errand . say spud , do you find stew ? copy boy not yet . conroy well , do you look in the— ? 4 ? copy boy first place I look . conroy not there , eh ? for cryin ' out loud , where be that— ? go and dig he up ! stew ! stew Smith ! camera truck on : until it take in a sort of make - shift screen , conceal a corner of the room . lap dissolve to : 3 . close shot on the other side of the screen . stew Smith be hold something in he hand . his hat tilt back on he head , and he be regard this plaything intently . gallagher be sit close to he , also gaze intently at the plaything . gallagher be a girl , one of the sob sister [ 2 ] on the newspaper , dress in a trim but inexpensive little tailore suit . stew here it be . pray for I , gallagher . pray for I . hold everything . . . 4 . close shot on the object in he hand , one of that hand - puzzle where you have to land jump bean in the hole . 5 . double shot gallagher stew , you hand be shaking . you have be drink again . stew come on , come on . here they come , gallagher ! here they come ! conroy 's shout be hear in the background . gallagher ( conspiratorially ) the boss be get hoarse . stew there 's the third one . if I do not get the last one , there 's a certain sob sister I know that 's go to get a kick right in the . . . oh ! whoops , almost have that . 6 . mo . close shot conroy , the City editor at he desk , look about with a scowl for stew . conroy ( bellow ) stew ! stew Smith ! the copy Boy race over to whisper something to conroy . ? 5 ? conroy what ? the screen ? 7 . close shot on stew Smith stew gallagher ! I make it ! 8 . medium shot ( from conroy' angle ) the screen , conceal the washbasin corner . continuation , scene 6 a wrathy conroy , he eye center suspiciously on something . with he eye on the screen , conroy reach out and grasp a heavy telephone book on the corner of he desk . still look off , he heave it forcefully . 9 . mo . close shot show the screen . the telephone book crash into it , overturn it and revealing stew and gallagher on the other side . they both look up , startle . the newsroom erupt in laughter . continuation , scene 6 conroy , glaring off fiercely . conroy come over here ! 10 . medium shot conroy at he desk . stew saunter into the scene . stew look , I quit ! conroy yeah ? stew yeah . conroy yeah ? stew you be always pick on I . it take I three hour to get that little gadget in that hole , and you screw it up in a minute . hey , look ! he give the hand - puzzle to conroy , who be immediately captivate by the fascinating object in he hand . 11 . close double shot stew ( superior ) mmm , not as easy as it look , be it ? conroy put it down with a disgust look . conroy aagh ! no wonder you be batty . would it be impose too much upon you if I ask you to do a little work today ? just to sort of break the monotony ? ? 6 ? stew with I you can always do business . conroy do you know what to do in a draw - room ? stew it be not a question of know what to do , it 's know how to get in one that count . the telephone ring , conroy answer it . conroy ( speak on the phone ) yeah , yeah . okay , okay . he hang up , turn back to stew . now listen , we have get a tip that the schuyler family have finally make a deal with that chorus dame . stew gloria Golden ? conroy yeah , little gloria . stew the human cash register . get she hook into the schuyler kid , eh ? conroy right - for the first time this year . stew ( modestly ) well - it 's only April . conroy come on , get go , get go ! stew ( loftily ) get go where ? I can write that yarn without step out of the office . conroy yeah - and get we into a million dollar libel suit . it would not be the first time . now , you get over there and get a statement out of the old lady , the sister , or the kid . any of they - but get it . stew ( resign ) all right . give I a voucher for expense . 12 . close double shot ( another angle ) conroy what expense ? all you need be carfare to Long Island . you would better get a shave and a shine , because you , you be go to have a tough time get in there as it be . ? 7 ? stew I know that bluenose . they ancestor refuse to come over on the mayflower because they do not want to rub elbow with the tourist . so they swim over . he turn away and exit . fade out : fade in 13 . ext . the schuyler house - day - medium shot someone pace outside the mansion gate . 14 . ext . the schuyler house ( another angle ) - day - close shot a guard dog pace inside the gate . 15 . int . inside the mansion - day - close shot a parrot on its perch , hopping from foot to foot . 16 . int . schuyler drawing room - day - close shot Michael schuyler , a callow youth with the usual dissipate , spoiled look . his finger be nip out little chunks of a fold piece of paper , drop the bit on the floor . this be indicative of a habit of the individual in question when undergo nervous stress . he be very fidgety and apprehensive , as he glance around . camera pan over to show Anne schuyler , a beautiful and aristocratic , though slightly hard girl , a few year older than Michael . camera pan over to show Mrs. stuyvesand Van alstyne schuyler , mother of Anne and Michael . a grande dame , stern and glower . her attitude indicate suppress nervousness and anger . she glare over in the direction of Michael . then she turn and look in another direction . mrs . schuyler ( viciously ) dexter grayson , if you be any kind of a lawyer , you would get that letter back ! camera pan over to show dexter grayson , the family lawyer stand , he hand clasped behind he back , just complete the pace of a few short step in he best courtroom manner , he head bow in a attitude of deep think . he be dress in stripe afternoon trousers and black coat . he turn to regard Mrs. schuyler . grayson but I keep tell you how difficult it be , Mrs. schuyler . the last time I ask she for that letter , she make very uncouth noise with she mouth . camera pan over to show Anne schuyler , try desperately to keep from laugh . camera draw back to reveal a full shot of the room and group . they be in the magnificent draw room of the schuyler home , resembling the Union Depot and furnish with almost imperial splendor and magnificence . they very much resemble a jury in session . as they continue : ? 8 ? michael I do not know why you be make all this fuss . I only send she six of they . mrs . schuyler ( sarcastic ) if you have to make a fool of yourself , why do not you tell it to she instead of write ? michael because I could not get she on the phone . mrs . schuyler imbecile ! anne you should have know better than to write , Romeo . I find that out a long time ago . mrs . schuyler I should say you have . at the rate you two be go , we will have to leave the country to save we face . anne splendid , mother . let 's hop over to monte Carlo . it 's a great place to save a face . mrs . schuyler oh , shut up ! a butler appear in the doorway . he be about to say something , but he stammer and turn . mrs . schuyler ( stop he ) what be it , smythe ? smythe pardon I , madam - but what be I to say to the newspapermen ? Mrs. schuyler look distractedly at grayson . 17 . closer shot Mrs. schuyler and grayson . she rise and speak imperiously : mrs . schuyler dexter , go out and tell that ruffian I have nothing to say . grayson face she placatingly . grayson you can not do that . leave it to I . I know how to handle reporter . mrs . schuyler ( with a shudder ) all right , then - get it over with . ? 9 ? 18 . medium full shot grayson turn officiously toward the wait butler . grayson we have decide to see the reporter . send in the man from the tribune first . smythe very good , sir . mrs . schuyler oh , smythe , some bicarbonate of soda , quick - double strength . I know that news mongrel [ 3 ] will upset I . smythe I have anticipate it , madame . the bicarbonate be ready . the butler exit . 19 . int . schuyler library - day - full shot this room resemble the Grand Central Station . it be line with bookcase fill with gorgeous first edition and special binding , and be furnish in the extreme of magnificence and luxury . present be stew and bingy , reporter from the tribune . stew be seat , idly leaf through a first edition . bingy , still with he hat on , spot a expensive music box on a nearby table , open it and do a little jig to the tune that be emitted . 20 . closer shot bingy , as he linger at the table . he be a lazy , sloppy - look guy . his face need a shave and he pants need press . there be a spot of dry ketchup on he tie . on the table be a humidor . bingy open it and lift out a handful of cigar . 21 . close shot - stew as he look up from the book , he suggest : stew hey bingy , you will find the silverware in the dining room . continuation , scene 20 bingy turn , put the cigar in he pocket . bingy much oblige . 22 . medium full shot smythe enter . smythe ( frigidly ) Mr. grayson have decide to see you . ? 10 ? both stew and bingy start forward eagerly . smythe continue : smythe the gentleman from the tribune , first . 23 . closer three shot bingy beam broadly and stew be disappointed . stew there be no gentleman on the tribune . smythe I understand , sir . smythe lead the way out . as bingy pass by , stew trip he . bingy say , take it easy ! take it easy ! listen , my boy . no use you hang around here . just buy the tribune tonight and read all about it . you can rewrite it for you last edition . stew could not make the last edition . it would take I four hour to translate you story into English . bingy oh , be that so ? stew I be afraid . bingy turn to leave . take off you hat . you might make a impression . bingy dutifully doff he hat . impossible . put it on again . bingy hey , make up you mind , will you ? bingy hurriedly put he hat back on as he disappear . 24 . int . schuyler drawing room - day - medium close shot by the door which lead out into the hall . the butler enter and stop , stand stiffly . bingy enter behind he , shambling awkwardly . he stop in some consternation as he see : 25 . medium shot ( from he angle ) the schuyler jury . grayson , Mrs. schuyler , Anne and Michael , all surveying he in vary degree of unfriendliness . continuation , scene 24 bingy hesitates uneasily as he regards this impressive assemblage . quickly , he take he hat back off . then he smile nervously and start forward . bingy hi , folk ! ? 11 ? continuation , scene 25 grayson come forward to meet he , attempt to be very cordial . bingy be seize by a sudden impulse to sneeze . he do so , violently . there be awkward silence . Mrs. schuyler throw off a visible shudder . bingy what 's the matter ? be not there a ' bless you ' in the crowd ? grayson you be the tribune man ? bingy yeah , hello . how be you ? bingy extend he hand . grayson pointedly ignore it . grayson ( cordially ) Fine . have a seat . bingy thanks , I will . bingy cross the room , take note of the beauteous Anne . grayson this way . bingy oh , man ! bingy sit gingerly on the edge of a handsome chair . bingy oh , boy ! 26 . medium close shot bingy and grayson . grayson pick up a very flossy and expensive cigarette box from the small end table beside the chair . it be make of gold and semi-precious stone be inset in the cover . grayson open the lid and take out a cigarette , but pointedly do not offer one to bingy . grayson remain stand before the reporter , who be very uncomfortable and ill at ease . grayson Fine newspaper the tribune . bingy well , I should say ! grayson I know you manage editor very well . bingy be that so ? grayson Yale ' 21 , I believe . ? 12 ? bingy ( uncomprehend ) huh ? grayson we be classmate . 27 . close shot - mrs . schuyler she clear she throat menacingly , as she look sternly at grayson . mrs . schuyler ahem ! bingy what 's the matter ? she get a cold ? continuation , scene 26 bingy and grayson . both look over . grayson give she a quick reassure glance , as though to say " leave it to I now . " he continue he conversation with the reporter . grayson I get he he job on the paper . I be a stock -holder , you know . bingy be that so ? grayson as one tribune man to another '' he laugh . bingy ( laugh ) yeah ! grayson but right now I be act in the capacity of Mrs. schuyler 's attorney . bingy oh , that 's all right with I . I will not hold it against you . but you see , I be here to find out about '' grayson I know , I know . but there 's no truth in the story whatsoever . bingy oh yeah ? 28 . medium shot grayson and bingy . he take bingy by the arm and lead he over to a corner of the room , assume a confidential pose . grayson ( speak as they walk ) however , I have take the trouble to prepare a little statement . here it be . here . ? 13 ? 29 . closer two shot grayson and bingy . grayson take a envelope out of he pocket and hand it to bingy . bingy open the flap and see the content . insert : envelope the corner of a fifty dollar bill protrude . back to scene : bingy quickly shut the envelope up . grayson be watch he closely . grayson so , you see how silly that rumor be ? bingy why , sure . it 's a lotta hooey . grayson that 's what I want to say , but I could not think of it . grayson start lead he toward the door . camera pan with they as grayson lead he toward the door , talk as they walk . grayson thank you very much . bingy all right , all right , do not mention it . grayson give my regards to you manage editor . bingy I certainly will . they stop at the door . bingy extend a handshake , which be again refuse . he stop and look back at the jury . 30 . medium shot from he angle the schuyler all sit silently and contemplate he . bingy well , so long folk ! he flutter he eye at Anne . bingy thanks ! he take one last look at Mrs. schuyler and be again grip by a violent sneeze . mrs . schuyler ( rise to the occasion ) uh , bless you ! all bless you ! bingy thanks . the butler appear in the doorway behind he . bingy exit past he , beam . ? 14 ? bingy ( wave to butler ) so long ! grayson nod to the butler . grayson smythe , bring in the other reporter . smythe yes , sir . 31 . int . schuyler drawing room - medium full shot the group await the advent of the Post reporter . stew be show in by the butler , still carry the conrad book in he hand . they give he the once -over . Mrs. schuyler raise she lorgnette with a magnificent gesture . stew eye they with animation , not in the slight discourage by this supercilious scrutiny . he start toward they . 32 . medium shot as stew approach they . stew schuyler 's the name , I presume ? yes , thank you , thank you . my name 's Smith - Stewart Smith . no relation to John , Joe , Trade or Mark . of course you can not have everything . he smile engagingly on they . stew address Mrs. schuyler ingratiatingly , disregard she expression of obvious distaste . stew Nice set of conrad you have out there , Mrs. schuyler . I be just glance through this one . ( indicate the book in he hand ) what 's Michael tear the paper about ? grayson just a habit . Mr. schuyler be a bit put out by all the rumor go around . 33 . closer shot - stew and grayson stew rumor ? rumor ? since when be a breach - of - promise case a rumor ? grayson no breach - of - promise case have be file . the matter have be settle out of court . stew ( very cagey ) oh I see , but gloria do not seem to be satisfied with the twenty thousand dollar . 34 . a medium shot of group at this , Mrs. schuyler rise wrathfully . mrs . schuyler ( furiously to grayson ) dexter grayson , you tell I it be only ten thousand—and you do not even get that letter from that Jezebel ! ? 15 ? stew oh , so you do give she ten thousand dollar , eh? and there be letter . . . behind stew 's back , grayson make violent gesture for she to shut up . stew well , well . that take it out of the rumor class , do not it ? grayson we admit nothing . however , I have a little statement all prepare . he take stew 's arm and walk he off toward a corner much in the same manner as he handle bingy , and lower he voice confidentially . 35 . closer shot - stew and grayson apart from the other . stew a statement ? good . grayson I have it here . stew good . grayson take a envelope out of he pocket and hand it to stew . stew put the book under he arm , take the envelope and extract the content . it be another greenback . stew ( with interest ) fifty buck , eh ? he regards it a moment , then replace the bill in the envelope . his voice be matter - of - fact , and almost casual . stew do not you know you should never offer a newspaper man more than two dollar ? if you do , he will think it 's counterfeit . I do not need fifty dollar . as a matter of fact , I have get fifty dollar . grayson be considerably disconcert . he try again . grayson the man from the tribune seem perfectly satisfied . stew who , bingy ? yeah , bingy would . he never see fifty dollar before . you could have buy he for six bit . funny thing about bingy . the more he get - the more he print . he look stupid , do not he ? but oh how smart he get when he bend over a typewriter . he hand the envelope back to grayson and turn away . ? 16 ? 36 . medium shot schuyler group - take he action with dismay . stew start walk back toward they , talk as he walk , grayson beside he , considerably distract . stew so ten grand be the amount you give the girl ? any other statement you folk would like to make ? there be a explosive chorus from the group . group ( ad -lib talk at the same time ) that 's not so ! we have nothing more to say ! we will make no statement . he turn to they , hold up he hand and speak plaintively . stew wait a minute . do not get excited . I would not worry about it . a little publicity never hurt anybody . 37 . close shot - mrs . schuyler she be on the point of a apopletic stroke . she advance menacingly toward stew . she call to grayson . mrs . schuyler ( shriek at he ) dexter , have this person leave immediately . 38 . medium shot - the group stew be not at all perturb . dexter take he by the arm and start to lead he out . grayson I think you would better go . stew go ?! wait a minute - that 's a great story ! newspaper reporter be forcibly eject from schuyler mansion , and '' Anne come up to he . anne wait a minute he face she and cannot help but register a appreciation of she beauty . anne do not mind mother . stew ( cheerfully ) I do not mind she if you do not . continuation scene 37 Mrs. schuyler , almost choke in she wrath at this outrageous stranger . ? 17 ? mrs . schuyler Anne ! 39 . close shot - anne and stew Anne stifles a smile at this cheerful insolence . anne I be sure you be quite willing to be decent about this . stew decent ? why miss schuyler , I want to be noble . Anne continue in she most devastating manner . anne you be not go to print this silly thing , be you ? stew ( noncomittally ) no ? why not ? she put she hand lightly on he arm . anne because my name 's schuyler too . and I have not do a thing , but I will suffer with Michael . and so will mother . 40 . closeup - stew he have be listen to this and enjoy it immensely . he look over at Mrs. schuyler . 41 . reverse angle on mrs . schuyler who be make a show of hold back a flood of tear . continuation scene 40 stew mother 's suffer already ! continuation scene 39 Anne , not want to lose she point , look up at stew pleadingly . anne as a special favor to I , you will not print that story , will you ? continuation scene 40 stew , look down at she in frank approval and admiration . anne ( plead ) please— stew hesitates still . 42 . medium shot Mrs. schuyler , Michael , and grayson . all watch the couple intently , hang on the next word '' wonder if Anne be go to succeed . they be tense and expectant . ? 18 ? 43 . close shot - anne and stew he be look down into she soft , melting eye . then he smile . stew you know something , lady , if you sell life insurance , I would go for a policy in sixty second . anne oh , thank you , I know you would understand . continuation scene 42 the three . they relax and exchange relieved and triumphant glance . apparently Anne have win . 44 . medium shot - entire group stew turn aside . stew May I use you telephone ? anne ( eagerly ) certainly . right over there . stew you be all right . she indicate . stew start for the telephone . Anne walk to she mother 's side . stew get to the telephone and pick up the receiver . stew hello , beekman 1300 ? ( he turn to wink at the group ) that 's a unlucky number . you know that , do not you ? 45 . close shot - stew at the telephone . he turn back to the instrument as he get he connection . stew ( into phone ) hello , toot ? be conroy there ? give I conroy . ( pause ) he be not ? try the washroom , will you ? while he wait for the connection , he turn and address the group expansively . stew say , I interview a swell guy the other day - Einstein . swell guy , a little eccentric , but swell . do not wear any garter . neither do I as a matter of fact . what good be garter anyway— ? ( he turn back to the phone ) hello , conroy ? this be Smith talk . I be up at the schuyler . no , I be not have tea - that be , not yet . ( again , he wink expansively at the group—then return to conroy ) be she beautiful ? oh boss , she picture do not do she justice . if I be that guy Ziegfield - what ? ? 19 ? 46 . close shot - anne and mrs . schuyler Anne smile in spite of herself at this flattery . stew 's voice go on . stew' voice yes , it 's easy to see where she beauty come from . from she mother . for the first time , Mrs. schuyler unbend to the extent of give forth a smile . she can not help but be pleased at this compliment . the atmosphere be now very friendly . everybody feel that everything be all right . continuation scene 45 stew at the phone stew now wait a minute . just hold on . keep you shirt on . I be come to that . the schuyler admit the story be true . right . they give the gal ten thousand buck . but she 's get some letter - and she 's hold out for more dough - and it look to I like she 's go to get it . 47 . medium shot - schuyler group horrify and shocked at this betrayal and double-cross . stew ( on the phone—breezily ) right boss . I will be right over . right - no , I do not think I can get any picture now . right . he casually hang up and turn from the phone . mrs . schuyler ( involuntary gasp ) oh-h -h . . .! Anne confront he as if he be a reptile of the lowest order . anne ( voice cold as ice ) I have meet some rotter in my time , but without a doubt , you be the lowest excuse for a man I have ever have the misfortune to meet '' stew start walk toward the door , still hold he book . the family be tremendously indignant and agitate . stew stop , turn , look at they . he be meet by icy glare . he indignantly take a nickel out of he pocket and hand it to grayson . stew ( with dignity ) well , if you feel that way about it , here 's a nickel for the phone call . he glare at themkturn and walk out . they watch he walk out , stunne and open-mouthed . fade out : ? 20 ? fade in : day insert : dingy board sign outside a building . joe be lap dissolve to : insert : Three column head in newspaper : schuyler heir settle breach of promise suit for $ 10,000 . gloria Golden , folly beauty , retain Love letter . lap dissolve to : int . joe' speakeasy - day 48 . medium full shot a reasonably respectable speakeasy , smoke-filled . quite a number of man and a few woman be lean on the bar and seat around at the table . stew and gallagher be seat at one of the rude round table , smoking , drink before they . gallagher be read the newspaper story . 49 . close shot - stew and gallagher she be grin at the story . stew —and she walk up to I and put she hand on my shoulder and say , ( mimick Anne ) ' Mr. Smith , you would not print that story , would you ? ' oh no , I would not print it - read it ! 50 . close shot - gallagher over stew 's shoulder . she laugh at he attempt imitation . gallagher you be sure go to be poison to that junior leaguer [ 4 ] from now on ! stew I hope not . . . I have get to call on she this morning ! gallagher look up in astonishment . gallagher you what ? stew sure , I must drop in on the mad wench . her wound need soothing . gallagher for heaven 's sake , stew , be you completely bat ? what for ? I think the story be cold . you can not go back there . stew sure , the story be cold , but I be not . I be sizzling - look ! psst ! ? 21 ? he moisten a finger , touch it to he wrist , and make a sizzle noise . gallagher look over quizzically —a little suspicious—a little jealous . gallagher ( a draw - out know utterance ) o-o-oh ! come the dawn , come the dawn ! 51 . close shot - stew over gallagher 's shoulder . stew and with it come love ! oh gallagher , you have get to meet she . she 's it '' gallagher —and that '' stew ( enthuse ) —and that and they . gallagher take a sip of she drink before answer . gallagher well , I have see she picture , and I do not think she 's so hot . stew ( disparage gesture ) oh , you do not appreciate it . her picture do not do she justice . why , gallagher , she 's queenly - she be queenly - and I know queen ! ( continue in exaltation ) and oh , have she get herself a nose - and I know nose too . that little snozzle of hers be the berry , I tell you . and be she cute when she throw that little snozzle to the high heaven ! 52 . double shot gallagher of course I have not get a nose . stew give she a hurt look . stew ( shaking he head ) sure , sure . you have get a nose , gallagher . you have get a nose . but there 's different woman , gallagher . you know , like brewery horse and thoroughbred . gallagher ( deliberately misunderstanding ) on now , stew , do not be too hard on she . I would not call she a brewery horse . stew gallagher ! she 's the real mccoy ! ? 22 ? gallagher and the rest of we be truck horse ? stew ( reproachfully ) there you go , talk like a woman ! gallagher ( a trifle resentfully ) well ! stew well , you be my pal , be not you ? then do not turn female on I . during this last few speech , gallagher have be regard he with a curious expression . she love be he pal , but wish he would realize she be also a woman . 53 . medium shot stew seem a little resentful of she attitude . he rise . stew pay that check , will you gallagher ? I will give it back to you some time . maybe . he flourish the book of conrad , which have be lie on the table in front of he , and make a grand gesture . stew I go now - I go with conrad in quest of my youth ! fry that tomato , will you , gallagher ? he strike a pose—and exit . gallagher , sit , look after he , considerably disturb . 54 . closer shot - gallagher sitting , look dismally after stew . she open she bag and take out a mirror , surveying herself with frank disapproval . she pull out a curl of hair before each ear , try to soften the severe brim of the hat . she put a finger to the tip of she nose and tilt it up , study the effect . then , with a sigh of disgust , she throw mirror and bag onto the table . lap dissolve to : 55 . int . schuyler entrance hall - day - long shot smythe , the butler , previously introduce , come from the direction of the rear of the house , and proceed down the long , vast hallway towards the front door . the bell keep ringing steadily . the butler reach the wide front door . 56 . closer shot as the butler open the door and reveal stew stand outside , hatless , a book in he hand , a spring overcoat slightly askew , the pocket bulg with content . the butler quickly try to slam the door in stew 's face , but stew 's right foot come forward with a practice newspaperman 's gesture and he force he way into the room . ? 23 ? stew ( reproachfully ) now , now jeeve . [ 5 ] be that nice ? be that be a gentleman , jeeve ? be it , jeeve ? you name be jeeve , be not it ? smythe ( stiffly ) the name be smythe . stew smythe ! well , well , well ! with a y , huh ? ( wag he head ) congratulation ! what a small world . Brothers under livery . shake ! ( he grab the butler 's hand ) now , as a Smith to a smythe— smythe ( glacially ) Mrs. schuyler be not at home . 57 . two shot - another angle stew I know , I know . I wait outside till she go out . she 's a very nice lady , but we do not vibrate well together . 58 . medium shot Anne , dress in smart sport clothes , start to cross through the hall . she stop as she see the butler engage in conversation with stew . smythe ( hollowly ) no one 's at home , sir . Anne start walk toward they . stew spot she . stew now jeeve , what would you call this - ' no one ' ? Anne come up to they . 59 . closer three shot Anne look up and see that the butler be frown and uncomfortable and address he . anne what 's wrong ? smythe Mrs. schuyler leave order , miss , that if this person come here again , I be to call the police . stew that 's a good idea - telephone the police . the number be spring 3100 . get a couple of cop over and we can have a rubber of bridge . anne you may go , smythe . ? 24 ? smythe but i— stew now the lady say you may go— the butler bow stiffly and exit . anne ( to stew—directly ) what do you want ? stew well , I tell you , yesterday when I be here , I have one of you book in my hand , and when I get outside , I realize I still have you book in my hand . so as long as I have you book in my hand , I think I might as well take it home and read it . this morning , I get up and put you book in my hand , and here 's you book in you hand . he extend the conrad book , and Anne , make no effort to take it , he throw it on the table . anne ( haughty ) that 's considerate of you . stew yeah , that be considerate of I . I recommend you read it . 60 . closer two shot anne ( stiffly ) I be not interested in you literary recommendation . stew well , maybe it 's a bit heavy for you . perhaps if you would like something lighter - something with a touch of romance '' he take a package of letter out of he overcoat pocket hold together by a rubber band . he extract one of they and open it . stew just listen to this— ( read ) adorable babykin '' do she miss she baby ? him send he booful li'l sweetum a billion ocean full of kiss . bobo be so lonely —! anne ( interrupt coldly ) just a moment . I do not see how that trash could possibly concern I . stew advance a little closer , put up a finger . ? 25 ? stew ( mysteriously ) ah ! but you do not know who bobo be . and you do not know who babykin be . anne I be not interested . smythe will open the door . she begin to walk away . stew ( brightly ) but bobo be you brother , Michael . and of course nobody would ever guess who babykin be . Anne turn and stare at he , incredulously , for a moment . anne where do you get that letter ? stew I steal they when I be interview babykin about bobo . Anne look up coldly . anne I suppose you be go to print they ? stew no - give you another guess . 61 . medium close shot ( truck shot ) the two . Anne survey he with frank scorn and dislike . anne ( scornfully ) oh , I do not need another guess . it 's quite obvious . stew so , it 's obvious , huh ? she turn toward the library . anne will you step into the library ? stew ( with alacrity ) sure , I will take a chance . Anne walk majestically with head hold high—thru the hall—thru the live room and to the library . camera trucking ahead of they . this be a very long walk with Anne walk ahead , stew trail . stew ( while walk with Anne single file ) you know , the Indians use to walk like this . ( pause ) except the squaw always walk in the back— ? 26 ? ( pause ) you know why that be ? that be in case of attack from the front . ( pause ) of course , if the attack be from the rear , she have to depend upon she papoose . ( pause ) oh yes , the papoose always have bow and arrow . ( pause ) of course , if she be not married—then she would have to protect she own - er , er— ( indicate rear with thumb over shoulder ) ( still walk ) what country be this library in ? ( pause ) miss schuyler , how about carfare back to the front door , huh ? 62 . int . schuyler library - medium shot Anne sweep in , follow by stew . she walk directly to a desk , open a drawer and take out a large check book . she draw up a chair and seat herself . 63 . close shot Anne at the desk , start to fill in the date on a blank check . anne what be you initial - Mr. - er— 64 . close shot - stew who have remain stand . he be watch she with a peculiar expression . stew Smith . Stewart Smith . my friend call I stew . it 's a injustice too because I hold my liquor all right . continuation scene 63 Anne write on the check . then she look up . anne will - uh - five thousand be enough ? 65 . double shot stew for what ? anne for the letter , of course . 66 . medium close shot as stew walk closer and addrese she . stew gee , you should not do that , miss schuyler . that 's all right for you lawyer friend , but you should not go around think you can buy people . ( hand she the letter ) they be yours . ? 27 ? Anne have be listen to he with a puzzle expression , impressed by he obvious sincerity . anne I do not know how to thank you . mother will be so grateful - she will probably want to kiss you . stew you mother will want to kiss I ? give I back my letter . ( grab the letter ) that 's the break I get . it 's the mother that be always grateful to I . ( with a smile , he hand the letter back ) here . anne you be a peculiar person . why the other day I plead with you not to send in that story and '' ( gesture with letter ) 67 . close two shot stew ( patiently again ) I know but that be news . this be blackmail and I do not like blackmail . Anne be regard he with search scrutiny . she smile . her icy , belligerent attitude have vanish . anne I will not even pretend it be not a very great favor . I wish there be something I could do for you '' stew well , you could make this table a little - uh - a little less wide . ( he lean over closer to she ) there be something you can do for I , miss schuyler . the smile go out of Anne 's eyes—the suspicion returns—she be say to herself '' " I be right the first time ! " stew ( engagingly ) I have not have any lunch yet . have you get anything in the icebox ? the hard , disdainful look leave Anne 's face as she stare at this incredible guy with he incredible request . with a twinkle in she eye , she respond : anne oh , you fool ! lap dissolve to : int . schuyler dine room 68 . mo . full shot a lovely , sunny room , cretonne drape and colorful paint furniture . stew and Anne be sit at the table . Anne look amused and ? 28 ? definitely speculative . stew have the manner of have live in this house all he life . he draw the cup of tea to he and put in a lump or two of sugar . between he and Anne on the corner of the table be a modernistic , squatty little tea-pot . stew after year of research , I finally discover that I be the only guy in the world who have not write a play , so believe it or not , in my spare time I be now write a play . 69 . close two shot Anne be casually amused . anne really ? stew yeah , I have not figure out the plot yet , but it 's laid in a siberian village . anne you be a bit eccentric , be not you ? stew I ? no - most ordinary guy in the world , I . only one thing wrong with mak anne you do not wear garter ! stew help himself to another lump of sugar . stew naw , that 's just a symbol of my independence . he lean closer , look directly into she face . stew I be color blind . that 's what 's wrong - I be color blind . I have be sit here for a half hour look at you and I do not know yet whether you eye be blue or violet . Anne smile at this unexpected statement , and stare at he very critically . anne I be just beginning to believe that something could be do with you . stew say , you could do anything with I you want to . putty - just putty , that 's I . stew ( lean closer ) now get back to that eye of yours - would you mind if I kind of get closer so I could see they ? ? 29 ? anne not if you be go to lose any sleep about it . 70 . close shot he get closer , take she chin in he hand and get a eyeful . anne now , how would you like them—open like this ? she smile radiantly . stew Close they both . ( get warm ) something tell I I would better leave . during the last speech Mrs. schuyler enter and stop in the doorway , surveying this astonish scene with stupefy indignation and rage . Anne get quickly to she foot as Mrs. schuyler sail forward . mrs . schuyler that 's a excellent idea . anne oh , hello mother ! stew ( easily ) hello - hello , Mrs. schuyler . come right in . will you have a slug of tea ? he hospitably indicate the table . Mrs. schuyler be speechless with fury . she do not immediately reply . then : mrs . schuyler what be this person do here ? anne why— stew go on . stew as a matter of fact , I be just try to decide the color of Anne 's eye . I can not tell whether they be blue , or whether they be violet . what would you say , Mrs. schuyler ? mrs . schuyler ( burst ) why— anne ( quickly ) do not say it , mother , please . Mr. Smith come here today to do we a great favor . 71 . closer shot Anne , Mrs. schuyler and stew . Mrs. schuyler , with a effort , restrain she impulse to yank stew out by the collar , speak : ? 30 ? mrs . schuyler ( burst with wrath ) indeed ? perhaps he will do I a great favor . stew ( elaborate bow ) with pleasure , Madame ! mrs . schuyler get out of here . anne ( distress ) oh , mother ! stew ( with dignity ) it 's all right . it 's all right , Anne . I can take a hint . a bit subtle , but I get it . it 's all right . anne please go . I will explain to mother . he step close to Mrs. schuyler 's side . stew the caviar be lovely , madam . 72 . wider shot stew start to the door , smile at Anne , and remark to Mrs. schuyler as he pass she : stew you must come over and see we sometime . Mrs. schuyler freeze in inarticulate anger , as stew give a courtly bow and exit . fade out fade in int . schuyler drawing room - night 73 . medium shot Anne in a stun evening dress be seat , a cocktail in one hand , cigarette in the other . dexter grayson , in evening clothes , be stand before she . grayson where be you yesterday ? 74 . close shot - anne she have a faraway , speculative look in she eye . anne oh , stew and I go for a long ride . ( dreamily ) dexter , be there any finish school we can send he to ? ? 31 ? 75 . close shot - grayson grayson ( witheringly ) yes - sing sing . continuation scene 74 Anne . she ignore this crack . anne just the same , he 's go to be a different person when I get through with he . continuation scene 75 grayson . he be look at she , deeply disturb . grayson when you get through with he ? 76 . double shot anne yes , it will be a very interesting experiment . grayson ( sneering ) to make a gentleman out of a tramp ? anne exactly . grayson now , Anne , you remember how much it cost to get rid of that baseball player ? anne you do not seem to understand that this one 's different . he have brain . 77 . mo . close shot grayson seat himself beside she on the divan . grayson ( fervently ) but what about I , Anne ? she look at he coldly with almost a expression of dislike . anne you ? oh , do not go serious on I , dexter . lap dissolve to : int . penthouse apt . - night 78 . mo . shot trucking a elaborate , modernistic roof apartment , thronge with people all in evening dress . stew and Anne be walk down among they . Anne be radiant , and stew be happily guide she among the stuff shirt . Anne stop before a group . there be the sound of conversation , laughter , clink of glass , music from stringe invisible orchestra , etc . ? 32 ? anne hello , Natalie . Mr. Stewart Smith . . . miss Montgomery , Mrs. eame , Mrs. radcliff , Mr. radcliff— stew how-di-do . group ( ad -lib acknowledgement ) 79 . mo . close shot - dexter grayson stand , help himself to a cocktail , which a footman be pass about . dexter look off with a frown of disapproval . 80 . close shot - group of women they be look off in Anne 's direction . first woman say , who 's Anne 's new boyfriend ? second woman well , if this old ear do not deceive I , I believe he name be Smith . first woman Smith ! can not be one of the brother - he have not a beard on . [ 6 ] second woman well , he must have something if Anne have get she clutches on he . there be the sound of a piano chord be strike . 81 . mo . full shot Mrs. baxter , the hostess , be stand importantly by the grand piano at which be seat a anaemic-look young man . beside she stand a stout , swarthy italian with bristle mustachio . Mrs. baxter bow toward the swarthy one , who bend almost double in acknowledgement . there be a polite scatter of applause , and some of the guest seat themselves . martini start to sing . unnotice by the rest , stew and Anne slip out of the door into the roof garden . ext . roof garden 82 . mo . full shot a most beautiful , romantic spot . Rose tree in blossom , a vine- cover pergola , a splash fountain , a few choice marble statue , low , deep chair place to make a gorgeous spot . stew and Anne enter from the direction of the house . the garden be dark except for the light from the interior of the house . from within , come the voice of the singer rendering a extremely romantic , sentimental italian love song . this will continue to the fade out of the scene . stew and Anne walk , still hand in hand , toward the edge of the pergola where the shadow be deeper and where a couple of glorify steamer chair be place . there be a full moon overhead . she lead he toward a waterfall effect , a glass partition down which water trickle . they go behind the dimly light fountain and sit ? 33 ? in a low , deep divan . we see they in silhouette as they go into a passionate embrace . all we hear be the faint voice of martini—and the uninterrupted splash of the fountain . CUT to : 83 . closeup - anne &amp ; stew on divan , arm around each other . stew Anne , pinch I , will you ? throw I out of here . give I the air . throw I out of this joint , will you ? Anne smile happily and pinch he nose . anne why should I ? we be happy , be not we , darling ? stew throw I out - because I be beginning to get goofy idea , and they concern you , Anne . anne ( passionately ) none of you idea can be goofy , stew , if they concern I . stew ( struggle ) my name be Smith - well , that you seem to have be able to stand for the last month . I be white , male and over twenty - one . I have never be in jail - that be , not often . and I prefer scotch to bourbon . I hate carrot , I hate peas , I like black coffee and I hate garter . I make seventy - five buck a week and I have get eight hundred and forty - seven buck in the bank - and - I do not know yet whether you eye be blue or violet . anne ( although he be very close to she ) that 's because you be too far away , stew . throughout he speech , Anne never take she eye off he . as he fumble now , he turn . they eye meet . his overwhelming desire for Anne overcome he . he dismiss as futile he effort to be practical , sweep she into he arm and kiss she passionately . fade out : fade in int . CITY room of morning post - day 84 . medium full shot typical atmosphere , as before . lap dissolve to : 85 . medium shot feature stew at he desk , which be directly in front of the battery of morkrums whose clatter come into the sound track . ? 34 ? stew finish up a phone call . he sit at he desk , stare pensively at he typewriter . he be smoking a pipe and be in he shirt -sleeve . his hair be rumple , and strewn over the desk be a bunch of crumpled up piece of paper , indicate that he have make numerous unsuccessful start at write something . a fresh blank sheet of paper be now in the typewriter . nearby , at another desk , asleep in a swivel chair , with he foot elevate to the desk , the low snore of another reporter blend with the sound of the morkrums and other noise of the City room . at the reporter 's elbow be a telephone . 86 . medium shot desk of conroy , the City editor . a small upright plate on he desk indicate he position . this be near the copy desk . characteristic activity be background for any action that may take place . Reporters come up to throw they storey on conroy 's desk ; the phone ring , etc . a boy come in with a large number of newspaper under he arm which he throw on conroy 's desk . there be several copy of each of the rival newspaper in town . conroy spread they out and begin to examine they . 87 . close shot - stew it be evident that he be nervous and jumpy about something . finally he start to pound the typewriter . insert : sheet of paper in typewriter on which be be type . act 1 scene 1 a STREET in araby 88 . close shot - gallagher as she talk on the phone to one of she girlfriend gallagher ( sotto voce ) sure I get a new dress . a new hat too . ( listen ) well , I will try to get stew to come with I . ( she glance in he direction ) yeah - he 's all right . you know , he think he 's stick on some society gal . ( listen ) naw , it will not last . it better not last ! 89 . closer shot - conroy hastily glance over the headline of the papers . the phone ring . without look at it , conroy answer : conroy what ? oh , I will be surprised , eh ? listen if there 's any news in that sheet that I have not throw in the wastepaper basket , I will eat it . he be look down at the papers and suddenly he eye focus on something which cause the cigar to drop from he mouth and a expression of mingle amazement and rage come into he face . we do not see at this point what it be he have read , but we know it must be something sensational . abruptly he hang up the phone . ? 35 ? CUT to : continuation scene 87 stew , as he study he typewriter . over he closeup come the excited outrage voice of conroy . conroy' voice hey stew ! stew Smith ! a look of infinite weariness and disgust come over stew 's face and he grit he tooth . stew I ? his general expression register " good god , there he go again . " with one finger he pound out four letter : insert : sheet in typewriter : next to a STREET in araby stew have type : nut he yank the sheet out of the typewriter . continuation scene 89 conroy . he look over and bellow furiously . conroy you double -crossing hound ! come over here ! continuation scene 87 stew get up from he machine , crumple the sheet of paper into a wad and fling it at the sleep reporter . the wad strike he in the face ; he wake abruptly and automatically reach for the phone . he pick up the receiver and in a voice fogge with sleep call a number . stew exit . 90 . medium shot at conroy 's desk . conroy 's expression be one of bitter reproach as he lean back in he swivel chair as stew approach and stand by the desk . stew now listen boss , if you be go to kick about that expense account '' conroy ( interrupt fiercely ) do you call yourself a reporter ? 91 . medium shot of other reporter , the older man at the copy desk , and perhaps a sob sister or two nearby , who look up with expectant interest , expect to hear stew get a bawling out . 92 . close shot - gallagher at she desk . she look up worried and apprehensive . ? 36 ? continuation scene 90 stew and conroy . stew it have be alleged - yes— conroy you would not know news if you fall into a mess of it , nose first . so you be the bright lad that 's never be scoop ! stew ( defensively ) not on my own beat , no . conroy ( howling so that he can be hear all over the room ) no ? well , where be you when that happen ? he slap the copy of the tribune furiously and shove it into stew 's face . 93 . close shot - stew not know what it be all about , stew , with a injure expression , take the paper and look at it . insert : Front page of tribune ann schuyler elope with reporter ( with subhead give more explicit information ) 94 . medium shot the other reporter , copy reader , sob sister , etc. , see the unusual commotion and stew 's bewilder reaction , get out of they chair and cross over to the City desk , where they take up other copy of the same paper to look at . there be amaze and excited exclamation . 95 . closer shot - stew and conroy stew , still stare dumbly at the paper . a few other be crowd around , glance over he shoulder , etc . conroy I have hear of people be scoop on they own funeral , but this ! Holy mackerel ! why , it 's news when Anne schuyler get she fingernails manicure , but this ! she get marry to one of we own reporter and the tribune beat we to it ! ( he notice other reporter milling around ) well ! what do you guy want ? go on , get back to you desk . go back to you work . ( return he attention to stew ) now do not tell I you be drunk at the time and do not remember ! or be this one of bingy 's snow - storm ? stew no , no - it 's true , all right , only we do not want to get it in print yet , that 's all . conroy why not ? ? 37 ? stew well , you see , I have acquire one of that new mother - in - law , and we be afraid she would not understand the whole idea . so we be go to wait till she go to Europe . conroy what do I care about you mother - in- law ! you be still work for this paper , be not you ! or be you ? stew yes , sir . conroy well , it 's you business to get news ! and here you have a story right in you own lap and you let the tribune scoop we on it . make a first class grade a monkey out of I . if it ever happen again - just do not bother about come back . that 's all . he dismiss stew with a wave of he hand . stew thanks for you congratulation . 96 . medium shot stew turn away from conroy 's desk , and a group of he confrere come up , surround he in a series of ad-lib congratulation . ( some slightly profane , pound he on the back , whooping , and in general manifest great surprise and glee . ) this group be increase by copy reader , office boy and everybody jabber and shouting at he . group ( ad -lib congratulation ) stew manage to break through they and exit from scene . 97 . medium shot gallagher—to intercut with above scene . she get up and go over , camera panning with her and pick up another copy of the paper and read the headline . 98 . closer shot - gallagher her face stricken and sick as she read about stew 's marriage . abruptly she turn away , out of scene . 99 . medium shot at gallagher 's empty desk . stew come in try to stave off the mob . he turn on the congratulator , push they off . stew what 's the matter with you mug ? can not a guy get marry without all this ? ( look around ) where 's gallagher ? anybody see gallagher ? he forcibly break away from they and walk back toward the door , the last of the wisecrack and goodnnnature jeer be flung after he . ? 38 ? lap dissolve to : int . joe' speakeasy 100 . mo . close shot gallagher be seat alone at a table , look very forlorn . her life be suddenly empty . a drink be in front of she , untouched . she be fight hard to keep she emotion under control . stew enter the speakeasy and mingle with patron , who offer congratulation . he come to a stop by the table . she look up , force a smile . stew well , well , well ! gallagher , old pal ! there you be . what do you run away for ? gallagher I do not run away . stew draw out the other chair at the table and sit down . 101 . closer shot of the two he look across at she , grin boyishly , utterly unaware that what he have do have hurt she deeply . stew sure , you run away . be not you go to congratulate a guy ? gallagher ( with sincerity ) sure . I wish you all the luck in the world , pal . she put she hand tenderly on he . stew thanks , thanks . gallagher I hope you will be very happy . stew expands under the comradeship of gallagher . he want to talk . stew oh sure , we will be happy . what 's the matter with you eye ? gallagher it 's the smoke . stew ( call to bartender ) Joe ! a little snifter . ( return he attention to gallagher ) say , be not I a lucky guy to fall into a girl like that , huh ? ( he notice the newspaper , which gallagher have be read ) look at that ! I do not know how I rate that , gallagher . gosh , there 's a swell girl . I want you to meet she . ? 39 ? gallagher who I ? she would not want to meet I . I be just a old load of hay . 102 . close shot - stew as he drink be serve . stew ah ! thank you , Joe . ( return he attention to gallagher ) tell you what - we will have one of that party down at you house - one of that spaghetti party , you know . gee , we have not have one of that in a long time , have we gallagher ? 103 . close shot of the two gallagher ( quietly ) not since you break into society . stew ( waxing reminiscent ) remember the time we have a spaghetti party , and while I be serve the spaghetti I drop it on the floor , and while that mug be not look , I pick it up and serve it to they anyway ! remember that ? yes , Anne would love that . 104 . close shot - gallagher look across at he . gallagher do you think you wife would walk up three flight of stair just to eat out of paper plate ? 105 . double shot stew who - Anne ? sure , Anne would love that . gallagher remember , she 's a schuyler . stew now get this , gallagher - Smith . that 's the name . gallagher ( murmur ) my error . stew well , if she do not want to come , I will come down alone . gallagher ( shaking she head ) oh no , you will not , Mr. Smith . you be a marry man now . mother always warn I never to run around with marry man . ? 40 ? stew ( resentfully ) say , what kind of a pal be you ? you be not go to leave I flat ? gallagher try to be elaborately casual . gallagher oh , I will call you up some time . and if you social duty permit - why - stew cut that out . just because I be marry - there 's no reason for that . gallagher look up and off , see something that startles she . 106 . mo . shot conroy , the City editor , enter the speakeasy . continuation scene 105 stew and gallagher . gallagher ( interrupt in a whisper ) hey , ixnay - here 's the ossbay . [ 7 ] stew look around , also startle . 107 . mo . shot stew bury he head in the newspaper , in pretense of look for something . conroy appear at the table and stop . he indicate stew . conroy what 's the benedict [ 8 ] look for in the newspaper - he lose freedom ? stew slowly stick he head up over the top of the table , look up . stew ( grin sheepishly ) well , if it be not old fagin [ 9 ] himself . conroy sit down at the table . stew gallagher and myself just come over here to do a little work on a story - conroy ( disgustedly ) baloney ! ( call off ) Joe ! bring I a special ! 108 . closer three shot gallagher try to be very bright and smile . gallagher ( to conroy ) be not it swell about stew 's marriage ? ? 41 ? conroy ( look straight at she ) be it ? gallagher , self - conscious , realize this tough old buzzard be on to she . she look back at he for a moment - then drop she head . stew be oblivious to this by-play . conroy turn to stew . conroy well , when be you quit ? stew quitting ? I be not think about quit . Joe come in with a drink for conroy . conroy I take it you do not have to work for a live any more '' he take a sip of he drink and look over meaningfully . conroy '' Mr. schuyler . stew ( in a flash of anger ) now get this , conroy . my name be Smith . always be Smith - and always gonna be Smith . conroy be that so ? stew that 's so . 109 . closeup - conroy he show that he be genuinely interested in stew and he problem , but can not help be a little sarcastic . conroy Anne schuyler 's in the Blue Book - you be not even in the phone book . think that one over , sucker . camera pan to closeup of gallagher . gallagher ( quickly in stew 's defense ) that do not make any difference '' ( quietly ) —if they love each other . camera pan back to closeup of conroy . conroy blah ! it 's like a giraffe marrying a monkey . ( look off at stew ) listen - you will never be anything but just the reporter that marry the schuyler 's million . stew Smith be dead and bury . from now on , you will be just Anne schuyler 's husband . a rich ? 42 ? wife 's magnolia . if you can smoke that without get sick , you be welcome to it . camera pan to closeup of stew : gallagher' voice but that 's perfectly ridiculous . stew ( defensively ) wait a minute . now , gallagher , let I do the talk . get this , conroy - Anne schuyler have get a lot of dough , all right - and I marry she , all right - but she dough and I ? no connection . 110 . mo . close three shot gallagher be look fixedly at stew - very much worried about conroy 's dismal prophecy . conroy shake he head in sorrowful gloom . conroy ( as if he have not hear stew ) just a boid in a gild cage - [ 10 ] stew a what ? conroy you hear I . a bird in a gild cage . stew aw , you have be read a lot of cheap tabloid . Anne and myself be go to move downtown in a nice little flat , we be gonna forget all about this social stuff , and we be gonna be know as Mr. and Mrs. stew Smith . how do you like that ? conroy ( sarcasm ) and live on you salary , I suppose ? stew yeah , live on my salary - that be , until I finish write my play . conroy ( snort ) what play ? stew my play . conroy the one about the siberian bloodhound ? stew siberian bloodhound ? no . that 's be all rewritten . it 's laid in araby now . conroy araby ? stew sure . ? 43 ? conroy araby , my eye— ! 111 . wider shot conroy , have finish he drink , push back he chair and rise . he put a affectionate hand on stew 's shoulder . conroy well , I be sorry to see a good reporter go blooey '' ( start away ) let I know when you be quit . stew I be not quit ! conroy no ? stew no ! conroy ( sing ) ' for he 's only a bird in a gild cage , a beautiful sight to see— ' ( he wave he hand ) tweet , tweet - ha , ha— he laugh loud and raucously and exit . 112 . close shot - stew and gallagher stew glare after conroy . stew ( under he breath ) laugh - laugh , you hyena ! gallagher realize that conroy have hit home with the truth and be sorry for stew . she put she hand over he sympathetically . gallagher do not pay attention to he , stew . he do not know what he 's talk about . stew pay attention ? I be not pay any attention to he . you think that guy could get I upset ? hah ! not that mug . he 's a tough mug - hard , cynical . he do not know the fine thing in life - that guy . ( he swirl he drink , think ) a bird in a gild cage , huh ? it 's get so a guy can not step out without be call a magnolia . stew Smith , a magnolia ! not I . say , I be not go to hang around and be a speakeasy rat all my life ! I will tell you that . not I , not I . I be go to step out and mean something in this world . you watch I . ( he swirl he drink , clearly bother , lose in he own thought ) say , be I a lucky guy to be near Anne schuyler ? I have be hit with a carload of horseshoe , and believe I I know it . lucky , I will say I be lucky ! ? 44 ? ( pause ) do not you think I be lucky , gallagher ? gallagher sure - I think so , stew . stew I know you would , pal . ( clearly bother ) a bird in a gild cage , eh ? gallagher how be she family go to feel about it ? stew her family ? oh , they will be all right . I will bring they around . ( swirl he drink ) gild cage ?! besides , I be not marrying she family . stew Smith in a gild cage ! stew Smith ? ha ! ( clearly bother ) that mug . what do he know ? lap dissolve to : int . schuyler drawing room - day 113 . mo . full shot another jury scene . this time it be Anne who 's on the carpet . grayson , in correct afternoon attire , he hand behind he back and he head sink , be pace back and forth in a very depressed and gloomy fashion . Anne be seat , she demeanor betoken sullen defiance . Michael be pace , nervously smoking a cigarette . michael I do not know what you need I here for - it be not my funeral . Mrs. schuyler stand by a table , stare at a spreadout newspaper which be laid out on the table . she fling the newspaper aside . mrs . schuyler you stay right here , Michael . some day you will be head of this family , but thank heaven I sha not be here when it happen . and I hope you never have a daughter who give you gastritis as Anne have I ! she pull the bell rope for the butler . anne now mother , calm yourself . there 's no use in get so excited . 114 . medium shot Mrs. schuyler be vastly agitate . mrs . schuyler oh , be not there ? ? 45 ? ( as Anne start to get up ) sit down ! ( look off ) smythe ! the butler appear in the doorway . mrs . schuyler ( in a weak , agonize voice ) some bicarbonate - quick ! smythe double strength ! the butler bow and exit . she pass a nervous hand over she eye . Anne come up to she . anne mother , if you keep this up , you will have a nervous breakdown before you go to Europe . 115 . closer shot Anne , grayson and Mrs. schuyler . mrs . schuyler it 's a good thing you father pass away before he see insanity ravage the family . I can not imagine what make you do such a thing . a reporter ! of all thing , a reporter ! a barbarian who let he sock come down ! anne mother , I promise you that he will not be a reporter much longer . once I get he away from that atmosphere and get he away from a man name gallagher '' mrs . schuyler ( as Anne start to get up again ) sit down ! 116 . wider shot the butler enter with a tray on which be a glass of bicarbonate of soda and bring it to Mrs. schuyler . walk immediately behind the butler be stew , airily debonair . the butler glance somewhat uneasily at Mrs. schuyler as he present the tray . she glare blackly at stew without a word of greeting , and take the foam glass from the tray , start to lift it to she lip . stew ( airily ) drink hearty , mother . once more , Anne start to rise out of she seat . mrs . schuyler Anne ! Mrs. schuyler pause - glower at stew . stew nod perfunctorily to each member of the jury , the total innocent . stew hello , Anne . Mr. grayson . ? 46 ? ( to Michael ) and you . ( to Mrs. schuyler ) Mrs. schuyler ! grayson do not acknowledge the greeting . Mrs. schuyler , have drain the glass , dismiss the butler with a wave of the hand , and direct she attention again to the matter at hand . mrs . schuyler ( in command ) well , what 's to be do ? he 's here now . they be all silent - reluctant to speak in front of stew . stew look at they all - a little puzzle - then he walk over toward Mrs. schuyler . 117 . medium close shot Mrs. schuyler and stew . stew nobody seem to want to do anything '' ( to Mrs. schuyler , brightly ) why not ask I ? perhaps I can offer a suggestion . do what about what ? mrs . schuyler ( witheringly ) about what ? you marriage to Anne ! stew ( with a tone of dismissal ) oh , my marriage to Anne . now Mrs. schuyler , we do not want you to go to any trouble about that . we just want the usual blessing , that 's all . 118 . medium shot Mrs. schuyler 's eye flash . she draw herself up with haughty dignity . mrs . schuyler Young man , I want you to know that I object violently to this whole affair ! this finally bring Anne out of she seat . she rise and cross to stew , make a show of embrace he . anne now mother , you attitude be perfectly ridiculous . it 's do now . Stewart and I be marry . stew ( to Mrs. schuyler ) I be afraid she 's right , Mrs. schuyler . I be really very sorry , Mrs. schuyler , that you feel this way . I be in hope that you would like I . I be not the burglar that you think I be . after all , we be marry . I think the thing to do be to kiss and make up - mother . mrs . schuyler ( furiously ) stop call I mother ! ? 47 ? stew ( easily ) all right , grandma— mrs . schuyler ( glaring ) this man 's impossible ! I can not talk to he . grayson , let 's go where we can talk - hic ! ( she emit a burp , then fix a glacial look at Anne ) see what you have do to I !? without another word , she turn and flounce angrily out of the room . grayson follow she . at the doorway he pause , start to say something . they all look at he expectantly - but no word come out . stew get it too , huh ? grayson give a harrumph and exit . 119 . closer medium shot Anne , Michael and stew . Michael grin at stew . michael who win that round ? Michael start move toward the door . stew ( ruefully ) I be afraid you mother win that round - that be , she get in the last blow . michael I do not feel the way they do . you be really not as bad as everybody think . stew ( effusively - shaking he hand ) you be beginning to appreciate I , eh ? thanks ! michael do not worry too much about mother - she 's enjoy this . come on upstairs , I will give you a little - he indicate a snifter , grin and exit . Anne cross to stew and put she arm around he shoulder . stew ( to Michael ) a little— ? sure , I will be right up . ( to Anne ) he 's all right . I like he . anne I be glad . he see two figure pass above in a proscenium alcove , first Mrs. schuyler , then grayson . he make a elaborate bow to each , and be impressed by grayson 's return bow . ? 48 ? stew he can bend ! 120 . closer shot Anne take a step backwards and sit down with he on one of the divan . camera tilting down with they . he put a arm about she . anne come here baby ! Anne start fussing abstractedly at stew 's tie . they kiss . anne I have not see you for three hour . you be neglect I already '' during she speech she have be pick away at a stain on he tie . stew look down and notice it . stew what 's the matter ? something I et , no doubt . Egg mark the spot— anne you ought to get some new tie , Stewart . stew I do not need any new tie . I have get another tie - I have get another one besides this one . and it 's a pip , too . there 's only one thing wrong with it . you know what that be ? it have a little weakness for gravy , and once in a while it lean a little toward ketchup . of course that 's only in its weaker moment . when you move down to my place , I will show it to you . Anne be somewhat take aback at the suggestion that she 's to move into he place . anne you place ? 121 . two shot - another angle stew yeah . oh , it 's great . of course it do not compare with this coliseum of yours here , but 'twill serve m'lady , 'twill serve . ( elaborate ) the architecture have a little feel of Missouri gothic - and the furniture sort of lean toward Oklahoma Renaissance - with a tiny touch of Grand rapid . anne ( gently insistent ) do not you think it 's silly of we to think of live there when we have this whole big house '' stew when ' we ' . . .? you mean , you would like to have I live here in you house ? ? 49 ? Anne cuddle closer into he collar . anne sure . we can have the whole leave wing and be all by ourselves all the time . stew be slightly daze . 122 . closeup - stew he be slightly daze . stew ( cynically ) we could have the whole leave wing ? would not that be nice ! would that be room enough for we ? 123 . two shot anne ( seriously - miss he sarcasm ) oh darling , of course it would . if it be not - there be six room and two bath - but if that be not enough , mother will give we the blue room too , I think . stew oh , mother will give we the blue room . you have not a red room , have you ? well , bless she heart . would not that be nice ! my , oh my - six room and two bath and a blue room . I guess she would let we have the right wing if we need it , would not she ? anne but we do not need it , I be sure . stew I see , we will not need that . plenty of room , plenty of room . 124 . wider shot he get up and pace the floor . he look at Anne and see that she be take he seriously . he drop down beside she . stew ( drop he kid ) look Anne , you be not serious about this , be you ? anne of course I be Stewart . 125 . closer two shot stew now let 's get this settle '' she cuddle closer , tweak he nose . anne you have the cutest nose I 've— ? 50 ? stew never mind my nose . what kind of a chump do you think I be ? you think I be go to live here in you house - on you dough ? what do you think my friend would all say ? do not be silly . I would get the razzing of my life for that . ' a bird in a gild cage ' - that 's what I would be . not I . oh no , not I ! anne what do you think my friend would say if they find I in a little cheap flat ? stew it be not cheap . it 's nice . anne ( cuddle closer ) listen stew baby , let 's not talk about thing like that now— stew wait a minute . I will do anything you ask I , Anne , but I will not live anne ( cuddle closer - and stroking he nose ) oh , I love that nose . it 's such a sweet nose . they kiss . stew nevertheless , whether the nose be sweet or not , I be not go to live in you house . you may as well get that straight . they kiss again , longer . stew you do want I to be happy , do not you ? then I be not go to live in you house . . . they continue to kiss as . . . lap dissolve to : int . stew' bedroom - morning 126 . close shot - stew in bed , asleep , all curl up , he head on he arm . camera truck back show the magnificent bedroom , with carve wooden panelling , a raise , canopy bed . the clothes that stew have take off the night before be drape haphazardly about the room . when the camera get to a point that take in a long shot of the room , the door to the hall open and a correctly attire valet appear . he close the door noiselessly , go over to the window , and draw the brocade drape aside . then he cross to a cover object and with a small flourish remove the cover - revealing a birdcage . he approach the bed . 127 . closer shot as Dawson the valet stop beside the bed . the valet lean over and speak distinctly . dawson Mr. Smith , sir— there be no movement from the form on the bed . ? 51 ? dawson Mr. Smith , sir ! still no response . the valet tap the bedclothes - shroud shoulder gently . dawson Mr. Smith , sir— sleepily , stew turn , he eye heavy with sleep . 128 . medium shot dawson how do you like you bath , sir ? stew I like my bath all right . how do you like you bath ? stew peer up , puzzle . stew who be you ? dawson ( surprised ) I be you valet , sir . Dawson be the name , sir . stew you be my what ? dawson you valet , sir . stew still stare at he . then he nod to himself - think he get the idea . stew kick back the cover and sit on the edge of the bed in he pajamas . still sit on the edge of the bed , he start to slip he foot into a pair of slipper . the valet bend on one knee to help he . stew thank you , thank you , thank you ! I will do that for you some time . that 's very sweet . say listen , what do you say you name be ? dawson Dawson , sir . stew Dawson , huh ? be I very drunk last night ? dawson drunk , sir ? stew rise and start to reach for a dress gown , but again the valet beat he to it - hold it for he and help he slip into it . stew yes . I must have be pretty much plaster if I hire a valet . dawson oh , but you do not engage I , sir . ? 52 ? stew , surprised , turn on he quickly . stew who do engage you then , if I do not engage you ? what be you do with my pants '' the valet pick up he pants . stew do you take anything out of that pants ? dawson oh no , sir ! stew what be you do fool around in here ? dawson miss schuyler - I mean , Mrs. Smith - she engage I this morning , sir . stew pull out a cigarette . the valet , without miss a beat , lean over and offer a light . a wary stew accept . stew hmmm . so Mrs. Smith engage I a valley , huh ? that 's very nice of Mrs. Smith - to engage I a valley . 129 . wider shot stew walk over and get a cigarette out of a box on a small table , wave he hand in a gesture of dismissal . the valet be right behind he , hold up he bathrobe for stew to step into . stew ( put on the bathrobe ) say , you be nice . you be all right . you would make a good wife . dawson thank you , sir . stew but not for I ! though I like you well enough . you be a nice fellow . you be all right . but I be sorry I do not need any valley today . the valet pay no attention to he , but walk around the room , pick up the clothes that stew have flung about . dawson oh , but indeed you do , sir , if you do not mind my say so . a gentleman 's gentleman , as it be . someone to draw you bath , lay out you clothes , help to dress you - it 's really most essential , sir . stew , with he cigarette between he lip , stand watch the valet as he retrieve the various article of cast - off clothing . the valet 's manner be somewhat patronize . he walk over to a chifferobe and start open the drawer , preparatory to lay out fresh thing for stew . suddenly , stew stalk over to he , take he by the shoulder , and yank he around to face he . ? 53 ? 130 . closer shot - stew and dawson the valet be astonished and somewhat alarmed at the belligerent expression on stew 's face . stew ( over-sweetly ) be you try to tell I that I need someone to help I put on my pants and button they up ? dawson quite so . quite . stew now I be sorry . I appreciate you effort . but I do not need anybody to help I button my pants - I have be buttone my pants for thirty year all right , and I can button them with one hand as a matter of fact . dawson now Mr. Smith , now please stew be rapidly lose he temper . stew you have get a nice face , Dawson , you would not want anything to happen to you face , would you ? the valet put a bewilder hand to he face . dawson oh no , sir— stew release he with a definite motion toward the door . stew all right , outside ! dawson ( bewilder ) I beg you pardon , sir ? stew ( gesture violently ) outside ! the valet gaze at stew as if he think the man be insane . he be considerably alarmed . dawson I think I understand , sir . you mean you want I to go ? stew ( smile admiringly ) there you be . you catch on . you see , you be nice and you be smart too . you catch on right away . outside ! go on ! outside ! and do not come back ! 131 . medium shot the valet start edging toward the door . ? 54 ? dawson no , sir . no ! stew 's eye bulge as he notice the birdcage for the first time . stew wait a minute , what 's this ? insert : birdcage . back to scene : dawson that 's a canary , sir . stew that 's a canary ! who bring that in here ? canary , huh ? go on , get that out of here . get that out of here ! dawson ( frighten ) yes , sir . very good , sir . stew ( ranting ) a bird ! a bird in a gild cage ! get that thing out of here ! dawson yes sir ! the valet hurry off , carry the birdcage . as he near the door , there be a light tap on the door connect stew 's room and Anne 's . the door open and Anne come in , wear a ravish and revealing negligee . she carry a small jeweler 's box in she hand . she cross the room toward stew . anne good morning , darling . she look over and see Dawson at the hall door . anne oh , Dawson , see that all Mr. Smith 's clothes go to the cleaner this morning , please , will you ? the valet bow . stew look at she blankly . dawson very good , madame . he close the door discreetly and go out . 132 . closer shot - anne and stew as they hug . stew say , who be this mug ? Anne sit down on the rumple bed . ? 55 ? anne I have get a present . shut you eye . keep them close . I know you be go to love they . stew ( eye close , feel the package ) Little - could not be a automobile , could it ? ( he open the package ) well , well ! ai not that nice ! he hold they up - expensive garter . anne do you like they ? stew get my initial on they too . they be cute . they be nice little thing - what do you do with they ? anne you wear they of course , silly . stew oh no . no , no . not I . I have not wear this thing for year . anne I know that . stew besides I would look foolish . I could not look gallagher in the face . anne darling , I do not care whether you can look gallagher in the face or not , but you be gonna be a good boy and wear garter . stew honey , I love you . I will eat spinach for you . I will go to the dentist twice a year for you . I will wash behind my ear for you . but I will never wear garter ! his arm go about Anne . under the force of he embrace Anne sink back on the pillow . stew lean forward look down at she . 133 . close two shot - stew and anne nose to nose . anne ( adopt a sing - song ) oh , yes you will my dear - oh , yes you will my dear - you will wear garter and you will like it too ! stew ( pick up she sing - song ) oh , no I will not my dear - oh , no I will not my dear - I will wash behind my ear , but no I will not my dear ! he bend to kiss she again , but she gently resist , and continue the sing -song . ? 56 ? anne oh , yes you will my dear - oh , yes you will my dear - you will eat spinach but you will wear garter too ! stew oh , you can not carry a tune - you can not carry a tune - all you be good for be to sit and spoon , spoon . oh no , I will not wear garter '' anne oh yes you will wear garter '' they melt into each other 's arm . lap dissolve to : int . CITY room of newspaper office - day 134 . medium full shot General activity , as before . camera truck down the MAIN aisle until it center on stew at he desk , sit low in he chair , he foot cocked up on the corner of he desk , read a newspaper camera truck up closer center on he foot on the desk . one trouser leg be pull slightly up and reveal a garter . 135 . medium close shot stew , read the newspaper . it be open up before he face . insert : headline - about a three - column article : anne schuyler and cinderella hubby to occupy schuyler mansion as stew read this , he look very glum and depressed . 136 . medium shot a reporter , the one stew have sock with a wad of paper in a earlier sequence , shamble past and stop abruptly , stare at stew 's foot . insert : of what he see . stew 's foot . the sock be strangely taut . back to scene : the reporter glance up and see that stew can not see he , and then carefully lift stew 's trouser leg a few inch . insert : stew 's foot and leg . as the reporter 's hand lift the trouser leg , the fancy solid - gold garter be on full display . back to scene : the reporter stare at they goggle - eye . he can hardly contain himself at the sight of the garter . he look off : reporter ( cautiously ) psst ! 137 . wider shot one or two other reporter hear he and look over curiously . the reporter look very mysterious and important and make a motion for silence and caution . they get up and cross on tip - toe to join he . ? 57 ? 138 . medium shot the man around stew . they quietly gather around he foot and the reporter who make the discovery proudly display he find . one or two more step by and all stare . stew still have the paper up in front of he face . first reporter be it real ? 2 nd reporter of course it 's real ! 3rd reporter any diamond on they ? reporter musta set he back at least six bit . [ 11 ] 139 . medium close shot stew . ( camera behind he and shoot over he head . ) he be suddenly attract by this unusual conversation and lower he paper , revealing the group of six or seven man in a huddle round he foot . 2 nd reporter one just can not wear that and be decent . 3rd reporter yes you can , if you belong to the four hundre . [ 12 ] 2 nd reporter I wonder what number he be . stew flare in anger . several of they be bend low to get a close peek . with a violent gesture , stew kick he foot forward and send a couple of they sprawling . stew get to he foot . stew go on , get out of there ! what 's the matter with you mug ? do not you ever see a guy with a pair of garter on before ? 140 . medium shot the two reporter who have do most of the talk scramble to they foot . the second reporter speak in mock perplexity . reporter what do you suppose he wear they for ? 2 nd reporter can it be possible to hold he sock up ? 3rd reporter yeah , exactly . ( effeminately ) you know , one 's hose look horribly untidy when they hang loose - like , do not you think so , percifield ? stew get up as he phone ring . he pay no attention to it . hank , another reporter , answer . ? 58 ? 4 th reporter ( same effeminacy ) yes , my dear chap - they look ghastly - they look ghastly ! stew go on ! screw ! get out of here ! he start out when hank call to he : hank hey , stew ! stew turn . hank ( indicate phone ) you policeman ! stew come back and , frown , pick up the phone . 141 . close shot stew at phone . stew hello ? oh hello dear . wait just a minute ( to reporter , hover around ) come on ! beat it , will you ? screw ! screw ! this be my wife ! in you respective chapeaux and over you cauliflower ear . reporter ( ad -lib teasing comment as they exit scene ) int . anne's bedroom 142 . closeup - anne she be lie on she stomach on a rub table , as use by a masseuse . we see a considerable part of she back , on which a middle - age swedish masseuse be industriously work . Anne have the telephone in she hand . throughout she scene , we hear very tell whacks : anne ( into phone ) but it 's nearly six o'clock darling , and you know how long it take you to dress . ( pause ) but the ambassador be come at eight , and you have get to be ready by the time he get here . lap dissolve to : ext . schuyler long island estate 143 . long shot of estate dissolve into : 144 . ext . front entrance gate two footmen stand at either side of a huge iron gate . Cars and limousine be arrive , drop off guest in evening wear . int . corridor schuyler home 145 . gallagher be just enter . smythe hold door open for she . ? 59 ? gallagher I would like to see miss Wilson , please . smythe who shall I say , madam ? gallagher miss gallagher of the Post . smythe yes , miss . he leave . 146 . int . schuyler reception hall moss and fontana be do a beautiful tango . guest scattered around the room , watch interestedly . CUT back to : 147 . int . corridor schuyler home gallagher be still wait . smythe enter , lead miss Wilson , a refine - look girl of 26 or so , she hand extend . smythe miss gallagher of the Post . miss wilson oh yes - of course . miss gallagher ? gallagher yes . miss wilson I be miss Wilson - Mrs. schuyler 's social secretary . gallagher I be send from the Post in place of we social editor . miss wilson yes , of course . miss ramsey telephone I . well , what would you like to have ? gallagher why , a list of the guest . that 's the usual thing , be not it ? miss wilson yes , of course . I will get it for you '' ( smile ) in the meantime , would you like to take a look around ? gallagher yes , thank you . the camera move with they as they start for the reception room . miss wilson that 's a lovely dress . ? 60 ? gallagher thank you . ( pause ) where be Mr. Smith ? miss wilson Mr. Smith ? oh , you mean Ann schuyler 's husband ? gallagher yes . miss wilson he 's probably very tired . you see , he 's have to meet all this people personally tonight . gallagher I bet . miss wilson you newspaper people have a lot of fun with he , do not you ? what be it you call he - the cinderella man ? CUT to : 148 . int . entrance of ballroom moss and fontana be just finish they dance . gallagher stand in doorway with miss Wilson , watch they . excite voice comment on the dance . miss Wilson beckon to gallagher to follow she . camera truck with they as they weave in and out of crowd . miss Wilson point out celebrate guest to she . miss wilson there 's the Spanish ambassador . gallagher steal a glance at the celebrate gentleman . gallagher you know , he look like one . miss Wilson laugh delightedly . at this point they be interrupt by a butler . 149 . medium shot butler miss wilson— miss wilson yes ? butler Mrs. Smith would like to see you . miss wilson ( to gallagher ) will you excuse I ? make yourself at home for just a moment , please . gallagher thanks . ? 61 ? miss Wilson follow butler out of scene . gallagher be leave alone . she wander about the huge ballroom , peer here and there , search for stew . finally she come to a large open french door and step out . 150 . int . terrace leading off schuyler ballroom several group of man and woman be seat at table . gallagher enter from ballroom , glance quickly at all the man . disappointed at not find stew , she cross terrace and descend broad stone step and advance into garden . 151 . int . seclude spot in garden stew , he head cup in he hand , be seat on a stone bench . gallagher wander into scene . she see stew and stop . stew do not move . gallagher , with a happy smile on she lip , move closer to he . stew suddenly become conscious of someone near he and look suddenly up . he see gallagher ; he face break into a happy grin . gallagher Mr. Smith , I have read some of you play and I would like a autograph . stew well , well ! if it be not my old friend ! turn around , gal ! let 's get a look at you . gallagher there you are— ! 152 . closer shot of the two stew well , daughter of the slum - how do you get out of the ghetto ? gallagher I be pinch-hitting for we society editor tonight . I want to see some life in the raw . stew aw , you want to see some life in the raw , huh ? well gal , I be afraid we be not get no raw life up here . gallagher well , I will have to look someplace else . stew no , no ! maybe we could interest you in some well do butterfly , or perhaps some slightly fry pansy , or better still , some stuff shirt . and guarantee every one of they will give you a good stiff pain in the neck . gallagher ( fix he tie ) say , who 's be tie you tie lately ? it look rotten . he suddenly realize there 's something different about gallagher . he take a step back so as to look she over carefully - blink he eye . ? 62 ? stew gee gallagher , do you look good ! what be you do to yourself ? gallagher nothing . stew what do you do to that hair ? and where do you get that dress ? gallagher I dyed one and wash the other . stew ( enthusiastically ) oh , you dyed one and wash the other . well ! you certainly look good . 153 . another part of the garden Anne be walk in direction of stew and gallagher . she stop suddenly when she see they . her body stiffen . CUT back to : another shot - stew and gallagher from Anne 's angle . gallagher be face in the direction of Anne . gallagher do not turn around now - but there 's a very beautiful girl up there who seem to be stare at we . stew stare at we ? gallagher my mistake - she 's glaring . stew must be my wife . he turn - see Anne . stew it be my wife . hi Anne . do not go away . stay right there , because I be go to bring a friend up I want you to meet . they exit . 154 . mo . close shot - anne stand as before . she be look off with slightly narrow eye . stew and gallagher come up to she . stew Anne , prepare yourself for the treat of you life . this be gallagher . anne ( astound ) gallagher ! ? 63 ? stew sure - my pal on the paper . she 's subbing for the society editor tonight . Anne turn a acid smile on the uncomfortable gallagher . 155 . closer three shot anne oh , yes , of course . how do you do ? stew gallagher , this be Mrs. Smith . Anne wince slightly at this name . gallagher how do you do ? there be a short , awkward pause . anne ( bitter -sweet ) you know , Stewart , you fail to mention that miss gallagher be a very beautiful young girl . stew gallagher ? gallagher flash a look at stew - see that he fail to get the dynamite behind Anne 's casually pleasant phrase . Anne plunge ahead . her tone be unmistakable now . anne yes . as a matter of fact , you fail to mention that gallagher be a girl . stew ( surprised ) do not I ? that 's funny . be not it funny ? anne ( with a world of meaning ) yes - be not it ? 156 . close shot - stew and anne stew be beginning to realize that all be not well as it could be . stew you see , we never look at gallagher as a girl— he break off . anne ( with she eye on gallagher ) no ? what do you look upon she as ? stew ( fumble for word ) why , down at the office , we always look at gallagher as - eh - just gallagher , that 's all . camera pan quickly to close shot of gallagher . she try to back stew up . ? 64 ? gallagher ( not so comfortable herself ) they all consider I just as one of the boy . stew right ! 157 . mo . shot of the three anne ( a deadly acid smile ) indeed ? how interesting . gallagher ( same kind of smile ) yes - be not it . Anne take stew 's arm , draw he away from gallagher . anne miss Wilson will give you the guest list and any other detail you may need , miss gallagher . gallagher ( resent the tone of dismissal ) thank you . I will go and look for she at once . Goodbye , Mrs. Smith . anne Goodbye , miss gallagher . gallagher Goodbye , stew— she leave scene . 158 . mo . close shot - stew and anne stew turn and face she . stew that be kind of a rotten thing to do , Anne . after all , gallagher be my friend . the least you can do be be courteous to she . anne I think I be very charming , Stewart . stew you do ? that 's a lot of hooey ! I will go and apologize . he promptly walk away from she in gallagher 's direction . anne ( furious ) Stewart , please ! she glare angrily at the depart stew . ext . terrace 159 . close shot gallagher have just reach the ballroom when stew catch up to she . ? 65 ? stew I be sorry , gallagher - really , I be sorry . gallagher ( reassuringly ) oh , that 's all right , stew . forget it . as far as she 's concerned , I be just part of the hire help . stew no , no . strange , I have never see Anne act that way before . ( pause ) it 's funny I never think to tell she you be a girl , be not it ? gallagher yes . int . schuyler entrance hall 160 . mo . close shot the butler be just open the door . bingy , look more disreputable than usual , step inside . bingy hello , there , meadow ! [ 13 ] smythe ( disapprove once - over ) who be it you wish to see , sir ? bingy I want to see stew Smith . oh excuse I - I mean Mr. Smith . smythe pardon I , Mr. Smith be engage . we be have a reception here this evening '' bingy oh , a party ! great , great ! jolly time and merry prank . that 's I . I be a guy who love party . you know '' he be distract by two elegantly - dress lady strolling by . bingy —a beautiful pair of shoulder ! but listen now , as a favor , will you please make it snappy , laugh Waters , [ 14 ] and tell stew Smith I gotta see he because if you do not my whole family 's go to die . smythe I will tell Mr. Smith at once , sir . have a seat . bingy well , I get a seat , but I have no place to put it . the butler turn to leave , then turn back , he face express distinct disapproval . smythe pardon I , sir , but I have hear that one before . ? 66 ? int . schuyler ballroom 161 . close shot stew and gallagher stand together . the butler be see leave the scene , have just inform stew of bingy 's presence at the reception . stew ( to gallagher ) Excuse I . I just want to make sure and see he do not take away any of the vase . ( start to leave , then turn back ) well , well , well ! my little pal , gallagher , a girl , huh ? ( unexpectedly , he bend to kiss she hand ) ( tenderly ) that 's just to give you a idea that I know how to treat a gal . get fresh with I and I will sock you in that little nose of yours . Excuse I . I will be right back . he exit . gallagher be leave stare at she hand wonderingly . int . schuyler entrance hall 162 . mo . shot bingy get up from he throne chair , and cross into the doorway of the library opposite he . he stop by a carve low -boy , and curiously examine a large antique vase . stew come in and stop with a smile as he see he . bingy , he hand on the vase , look up . stew walk over to he . stew ( refer to vase ) what 's the matter , bingy , a little clumsy to get in you pocket ? bingy set down the vase and survey he . bingy no . I be just look at it . pretty , be not it ? I be just look for the price tag . int . schuyler library 163 . closer shot of the two bingy look he up and down in silent , insolent scrutiny . stew begin to burn . stew what do you want ? bingy oh , nothing . I just blow over - I want to see how the old newshound look make up for a gentleman . stew ( sore ) would you like to have I turn around for you , bingy ? bingy oh boy , I would love it . ? 67 ? stew make a complete turn and face bingy again . stew how 's that ? bingy ( appraisingly ) not bad - not good - but not bad . you ought to be able to fool about almost anybody . stew be that so ? well , have you see enough - or would you like a photograph ? bingy a photograph ? what 's the matter ? have not mama have you do in oil yet ? ( sing ) " just a gigolo . . . " [ 15 ] stew now get this mug . you have get the kind of chin I just love to touch . and if you do not get out of here , I be go to hang one right on it . bingy assume a conciliatory attitude . bingy take it easy ! take it easy , Dempsey . [ 16 ] just relax , my boy , relax and open you pore . 164 . closer two shot stew glare at he . bingy go on . bingy I bring a message from Garcia . stew yeah ? bingy yeah . the boss send I over to offer you a job . he want you to write a daily column on the tribune . stew ( skeptically ) yeah - go on . bingy it 's all right . you can write you own ticket . a hundred and fifty buck a week . stew ( think a bit - quietly ) I will bite . what 's the catch ? bingy there 's no catch . this be on the up and up . of course all you have to do be just sign the article - by Anne schuyler 's husband . ? 68 ? 165 . mo . shot take in the doorway . the butler start to pass by . stew 's eye be blaze . bingy well , how do the old cinderella man feel about that ? with a quick motion , stew clip bingy on the jaw . bingy , catch unawares , reel backward . 166 . closer shot in doorway bingy describe a backward arc , just as smythe , the butler , see he can be of service , step forward and catch he . smythe well do , sir . very neat . stew ( through he tooth ) that 's what I think of it , bingy ! bingy sag in the butler 's arm . the butler look at stew inquiringly . stew nod . stew ( to butler ) smythe , the - er - gentleman be leave . smythe yes , sir . bingy be carry out . stew stand glaring after they . fade out : fade in int . schuyler home 167 . medium close shot Anne and she mother at the breakfast table . anne good morning , mother . do not I tell you that he would be marvelous . everybody think he be so charming last night . mrs . schuyler I be so worried for fear he would knock over a vase or something . I must have act like a idiot . ( notice the morning paper in Anne 's hand ) what do it say about the reception last night ? anne oh , the usual thing . blah , blah , blah attend the blah , blah reception and wear the same blah , blah thing . mrs . schuyler ( reproachfully ) stop it . Anne . you be behave like the person you be marry to . anne you do not have anything to complain about , mother . he be all right last night , be not he ? I tell you not to worry about he . ? 69 ? mrs . schuyler it be a miracle . the man be ill or something . she suddenly notice front page of paper Anne be read . her face freeze in horror . she scream . mrs . schuyler ( scream ) ah-ah - ah ! anne mother ! mrs . schuyler ( frantically gesture at paper ) look ! look ! the front page ! Anne turn paper and read the article . CUT to : insert : newspaper cinderella man grow hair on chest attack reporter in schuyler home . " I wear the pants , " say Anne schuyler 's husband . " it 's okay with I , " say Anne . 168 . medium shot Mrs. schuyler get up . pace wildly about room . in a frenzy . mrs . schuyler I know it ! I know it ! I feel it in my bone ! she be interrupt by the entrance of grayson , who dash into the room , he eye ablaze . in he hand he have a copy of the morning paper . grayson ( tapping paper in hand ) do you see the papers ? " cinderella man grow Hair on chest ! " this be the most terrible kind of publicity that could possibly '' mrs . schuyler ( interrupt ) do not you think I know it , grayson ? ( as smythe the butler enter with tray ) Smith - send for Mr. smythe ! er - smythe , send for Mr. Smith ! smythe ( as he turn to go ) double-strength ! mrs . schuyler ( mutter , as she exit scene ) " cinderella man grow Hair on chest ! " grayson ( close behind , contemptuously ) " I wear the pants , " say Anne schuyler 's husband ! ? 70 ? int . schuyler entrance hall - day 169 . medium shot stew , now dress in a business suit , come from the direction of the stair and stop just before he get to the door of the draw room . from within there be a ominous silence . stew look longingly in the direction of the front door - then back at the draw room , square he shoulder and go in . int . schuyler drawing room 170 . close shot as stew stop just inside the doorway . he have be prepare for this , but it strike terror into he soul , just the same . 171 . medium full shot from he angle in the doorway . the jury - dexter grayson , hand behind he back - be stand , gaze at stew with a fishy eye . Mrs. schuyler stare haughtily . Anne be cry softly . continuation scene 170 stew - look around at the gallery of face . then he force a jaunty smile to he face as he start to enter , whistling as he go . stew good morning , everybody '' ( he get a cold , frigid , silent reception ) well , maybe it be not a good morning , huh ? ( to Anne ) Anne , do you ever get the feel that there be someone else in the room with you ? 172 . medium shot mrs . schuyler have you see this ? ( show he newspaper ) stew yes - the worm ! mrs . schuyler I beg you pardon ? stew he 's a worm - and I be gonna step on he ! mrs . schuyler to engage in a brawl ! a cheap , common brawl , in my own home ! " I wear the pants ! " the pants ! not even the trousers ! grayson I have try to stop the evening papers , but it 's useless . 173 . closer shot - stew and grayson stew you quit try to stop anybody '' grayson well , at best you might deny it . ? 71 ? stew why deny it ? the more you deny , the more they print . let they alone ! the thing to do be to sit still and keep we trap shut . grayson traps shut ! stew certainly ! I will take care of this guy bingy myself , personally . ( see Anne cry ) now what be you cry about ? 174 . medium shot anne be this true , Stewart ? do you really say it ? stew yes , I say it . sure , I say it . I do not say it for publication , however . mrs . schuyler and you strike he right here in we house ? stew yes , I be sorry , I strike he right here in you house . and I will strike anybody in anybody 's house that call I a cinderella man . grayson well , what else do you expect they to call you ? anne dexter . 175 . closeup - stew stew ( burn ) that 's the fourteenth crack you have make to I . I be keep count . when you get to twenty , I be gonna sock you right on the nose . as a matter of fact , I ought to sock you right now . 176 . medium full shot mrs . schuyler Anne schuyler , be you go to sit there and watch this man insult we ? have not you any decency leave ? anne ( defend he ) why do not dexter show some decency ? and you might show some too , mother . what do you expect a man to do when he 's call such name ? ( to stew ) I be glad you hit that reporter , Stewart . he deserve it . ? 72 ? mrs . schuyler ( rise ) all right , all right ! it 's you funeral , Anne schuyler ! she flounce out . grayson remain behind . stew ( to grayson ) go on , beat it , shadow . grayson turn to go , then brave the last word . grayson cinderella man ! that 's fifteen . he leave in a huff . stew put he arm around the cry Anne . fade out : fade in int . schuyler drawing room 177 . full shot six or eight people of distinction scattered around the room . all dress in full evening clothes . among they be grayson , Anne , she mother , and one man in aviator 's uniform . the man have they coat and hat in they hand , the woman have they evening wrap on . apparently they be ready to leave for someplace and be be detain . a indistinct murmur of ad-lib conversation be hear . 178 . close shot on smythe , the butler , as he approach Mrs. schuyler . smythe pardon I , madam . they phone through from the Mayor 's committee to remind you it 's past the hour for the reception . mrs . schuyler be the car ready ? smythe they have be ready for the last half hour . 179 . mo . close shot - group include Captain White , a young , handsome aviator . aviator ( modestly ) I hope I do not have to make any speech tonight , Anne . anne oh , you can not disappoint all the woman . after all it be not every day they get to see a famous round - the-world flier . aviator yes , I know , but they scare I to death . this be the fourth dinner you have take I to this week . I be run out of material . anne be you complain ? ? 73 ? aviator yes , there be always too many other people around . lady Anne , it 's get late . what be we wait for ? anne we be wait for my husband— ( lightly , conceal she irritation ) if you will excuse I , I will run up and see what the slowpoke 's do . ( to aviator ) I will be right back— she start out , climb stair to stew 's room . int . stew' bedroom 180 . medium shot stew stand in front of a mirror , fumble with he dress tie . he pause , he hand still on he tie . anne ( reproachfully ) Stewart ! we be all wait for you . where 's you valet ? stew I poison he . anne stop try to be funny , and get ready , will you ? as he struggle with he collar , it spring off . stew I be not go ! anne what be you talk about ? stew I be talk about - I be not go out . 181 . closeup - anne anne ( control she anger ) what be I go downstairs and tell that people ? stew go downstairs , and tell they - anything . tell they I be not go . tell they I be not home . anne ( get angrier by the minute ) Stewart , would you mind tell I why you be not go ? ? 74 ? 182 . closeup - stew stew yes , I will tell you - for the same reason I have never want to go out with that social parasite , that sweet - smell fashion plate . I do not like they . they bore I . they give I the jitter . anne's voice do you know you be talk about my friend ? stew yes , I be talk about you friend , and they still give I the jitter . 183 . double shot anne well , be you go - or be not you ? stew make a move to embrace she . stew Anne , come here . listen— anne ( sternly - slip away from he ) look out for my lipstick , Stewart . stew I will tell you what . let 's you and I sneak out all by ourselves '' anne ( interrupt ) be you crazy ? stew think of the fun we can have - we will sneak down the back stair and get in the valet 's Ford . how 's that ? anne will you stop be silly , Stewart ? stew ( try hard ) I will tell you what let 's do - I will take you and introduce you to all my gang . would you like that ? anne ( hard ) but I do not want to meet you gang . stew I do not mean the newspaper fellow that you do not like . another gang I know - you would love they . they be writer and musician and artist - a great crowd of people - people who do great thing . people who be worthwhile . ? 75 ? anne meaning , my friend be not worthwhile , I suppose ? stew oh , they be all right , Anne . but i— anne ( interrupt belligerently ) that 's exactly what you mean . Heaven know you have make that clear to I often enough . well , I be sick and tired of it . I have give you party after party - I have take you to some of the best house in this town - and introduce you to people of importance - and be you grateful ? no ! you insult they and act like a bore . I be sick and tired of have to make excuse for you and the thing that you have do . perhaps it 's just as well you be not come tonight . maybe I can enjoy myself for once without have to worry about you , and what you be go to do . with which violent declaration , she flounce out of the room , leave stew stare after she , angry and hurt . impulsively , he follow she to the door - a retort on he lip . when he get there , however , she have vanish . he return to the room , wander about thoughtfully , extract cigarette from box , fumble it - walk to window - stare out - turn back to room - heave a lonely sigh . he notice he reflection in the mirror , and gesture toward it . stew and that , my friend , be what be know as the society belle tell ex-star- newspaper - reporter to go to - how-have - you -been , Mr. Smith ! 184 . close shot as stew sit in a typewriter chair . he roll up the sheet in the machine so that he can read what be already write . insert : typewritten sheet , in typewriter act 1 scene 1 a hacienda in mexico strumm of guitar be dimly hear . back to scene : he study it for a moment , frown in dissatisfaction . he 's stick . he lean back in the chair and look up for inspiration . insert : a big clock , ticking away the time . int . schuyler grand foyer 185 . long shot of stew Smith pace the grand foyer . see from overhead , he be dwarf by the surroundings . he try hopscotch on the pattern of the floor . that wear thin quickly . supremely bored , stew give a shout and be reward with a cavernous echo . smythe the butler then appear , nervously crouch behind some grillwork . ? 76 ? 186 . medium shot - stew and smythe smythe do you call , sir ? stew smythe , come here . I want to talk to you . ( smythe look unenthusiastic . ) come on , smythe , talk to I . smythe , I be go nut . I be go nut in this house ! this big . . . come on , I be not go to hurt you . come on , what 's the matter with you ? stew give another shout and be reward with another loud echo . this coax smythe out from behind the grillwork . stew shhh ! do you hear something ? smythe yes , sir . stew you try it . smythe ( reluctant ) I , sir ? stew yeah . smythe give it a timid try . stew no , no . give it more volume . smythe give a more satisfactory yell . stew nod approval . smythe begin yell and shouting in earnest . stew no , that 's enough . I just want you to get the idea . now you know . this house be haunt . smythe ( incredulous ) no , sir ! stew yes . have you look in the closet all over . . .? smythe yes , sir . stew found no skeleton ? smythe no , sir . stew it 's haunt just the same . ? 77 ? smythe yes , sir . smythe have hear enough . he turn to leave , but stew grab he . stew smythe , what do you do with yourself - I mean , when you be not carry that double - strength - what do you do with yourself ? smythe well , sir , I putter . stew smythe ! I mean - when you be alone and want to amuse yourself , then what ? smythe I just putter . stew hmmm , you just putter . do you have to have a putter to putter ? smythe oh no , sir . I putter with I hand . stew well , be not that nice ? you just go right ahead and putter with you hand . that 's all right . how do you do it ? smythe well sir , I will show you . he demonstrate , touch object on a table and blow dust off a lampshade . smythe that 's putter , sir . stew no ! well , well , well ! that 's all right , if you like it . can anybody do that ? smythe oh no , sir . some people be natural putterer . other can never master it . stew oh my . you mean , some people be bear and never will become putterer ? smythe yes sir . stew oh my , would not that be tragic ? to know that you could never be a putterer . smythe yes sir . ? 78 ? stew how about I ? do you think if I concentrate and put my whole soul into it , that some day I might be a putterer ? smythe you sir ? uh-uh . you could never be a putterer . not a good putterer , sir . stew well , if I could not be a good putterer , I would not want to putter . but why ? what make you think I could not be a good putterer ? smythe well sir , to be a putterer , one 's mind must be at ease . a person with a problem could never be a putterer . for instance , sir , a fish can putter in water but not on land because he would be out of place . a eagle can putter around a rugge mountaintop but not in a cage , because he would be restless and unhappy . now sir , if you will pardon I , with all due respect , sir , as a smythe to a Smith , you be a eagle in a cage . stew a bird in a gild cage ? smythe yes . stew that 's all I want to know ! stew rush off upstairs . smythe give the echo one last try . fade out : int . stew' room 187 . medium shot as stew make a telephone call . stew hello , gallagher old pal . how be you , old pal ? int . gallagher' room - night 188 . medium shot a simple room , probably in a board house or cheap hotel . gallagher be on the phone . a typewriter stand nearby . gallagher oh , hello stew . I be pretty good , can not complain . how 's we gentleman of leisure ? continuation scene 187 stew at phone . stew I be on the coast of Norway and I can not get out - will you come and get I out of the coast of Norway ? continuation scene 188 gallagher at phone . ? 79 ? gallagher oh , you play . hmmm , Act one , scene one : Coast of Norway - and then a lot of blank . be that it ? continuation scene 187 stew at phone . stew yeah . come on , do not be silly . ( pause ) all right , if you feel like you need a chaper - one , call up hank . yeah . you will find he at Joe 's , no doubt . yeah . hank would be my idea of a perfect bodyguard . ( pause ) sure you would . I know I could depend on you , old pal . snap it up , will you , gallagher ? continuation scene 188 gallagher at phone . gallagher okay . she hang up , joyful at the prospect of see stew . she hum softly to herself as she pick up the receiver again . int . schuyler entrance hall - night 189 . mo . shot SOUND ( bell ringing ) stew come out of the library . smythe be go down the hall . stew intercept he . stew smythe , I will get this . I be expect some friend . smythe very good , sir . 190 . mo . close shot at entrance door . stew enter and open it . gallagher and hank enter . stew well , gallagher ! glad to see you . gallagher hello , stew . stew hello , hank . how be you ? hank Fine , but kinda thirsty . stew come right in - I will get you a drink . hank okay - you remember joe— ? 80 ? stew sure . hank I sort of invite he along to bend a elbow . you do not mind , do you ? stew it 's all right . bring he in . Joe appear in the open doorway . stew see he . hank come in , Joe . it 's all right . stew hello , Joe . joe hello kid , how be you ? glad to see you . stew start to close the door . joe just a minute - Johnson 's outside . you do not mind if he come in and dip a beak [ 17 ] do you ? stew no , no , bring he in . the more the merrier . joe come on in ! Johnson appear in the open doorway . stew see he . stew hello , Johnson . johnson hello , stew , old pal . how be you ? stew glad to see you . come in , kid . stew start to close the door . johnson wait a minute . I get two of the boy I bring along - they be cruise around with nothing to do . you do not mind if I bring they in ? stew you bring two of the boy ? that 's all right . bring they in . what 's the difference ? the two enter , follow in a single file by 12 - 14 man and woman , all of whom greet stew as they enter , ad-lib hello 's and hand -shake . stew stare at they dumbfoundedly . 191 . medium full shot they swarm into the hallway and overflow into the room on either side . the butler stand aghast at this invasion . stew start to close the door when three or four more troop in , shouting cheery greeting . stew regards they in amazement . ? 81 ? 192 . closer shot - stew as he watch they file past . stew I be sorry nobody could come . hank the rest of the gang have to get out the morning edition - but they will be down later . stew now hank , be you sure they be come ? it will be lonesome without they . ( to smythe ) smythe , take this crowd in there and give they a drink . and find out what the boy in the back room want ! smythe gulp nervously , as he be drag off by the reveller . int . schuyler drawing room 193 . full shot the gang have take seriously stew 's suggestion that they make themselves at home . they have drape themselves about the place - a couple be strumm on the piano and other be inspect the room in awe -struck attitude . smythe be be propel around the room by the reveller . smythe it be not do , gentleman ! it be not do , I say ! it be not do ! int . schuyler entrance hall 194 . medium shot - gallagher and stew stew well , gallagher , you certainly take no chance , do you ? gallagher I be sorry , stew . I ask hank , and hank do the rest . stew I see . hank bring they all . that 's all right . we will give they a drink and throw them out . how 's that ? gallagher okay . stew ( as smythe pass by , be propel by reveller ) smythe ! give they one drink and throw them out ! smythe ( daze ) yes , sir . ? 82 ? bingy poke he head in the door , wear a false beard . stew ( spot he ) be there a green elephant stand beside that bwana ? bingy no , it 's just little bingy Baker . stew roll up he sleeve , preparatory to launching a punch . bingy ( warningly ) uh-uh . bingy don a pair of glass , and point to they meaningfully . he enter , cautiously , watch stew warily . bingy ( strike a pose ) Big Chief bingy come to white man 's tepee to make friend . Big Chief very sorry . to show how sorry - will bend over and let white man kick Big Chief where sun never shine . stew Excuse I , gallagher . I would not miss this one for the world . he bend over , and stew wind up and deliver a hard kick to he backside . bingy straighten stiffly , then remove a bottle of alcohol from the target area . bingy Fire water all right . ( he take a drink ) both start laugh . bingy well , stew , that 's all thrash out . by golly , I be surely glad to see that you be not really sore . you know we racket - after all , news be news . stew sure , sure . that 's all right . that be a great story , bingy . a great story - wish I would print it . bingy I give you the break , do not I ? that hairy chest story ! stew ( indicate bingy 's false beard ) you have raise it up to the chin , I see . ( laugh ) go on in the other room and get yourself a drink . bingy emit a war- whoop and proceed into the draw room , where smythe be still be hold hostage by the party . ? 83 ? 195 . closer shot gallagher and stew . stew you know what I should do with you ? I should sock you right in that funny little nose . gallagher yes - and I would love it . smythe sure , you would love it . he draw she out of the entrance hall , and the camera move with they as they head upstairs , the party around they go in full force . int . stew' sitting room 196 . medium shot stew and gallagher enter . apparently they have be talk about stew 's play on the way upstairs . gallagher how far have you get ? stew well , I have just be able to get off that Norway coast - so far . stew gesture toward the typewriter from which a sheet of paper be protrude . gallagher cross to it . she roll up the sheet so she can read what be type on it . gallagher ( read ) ' Act one - scene one - a Street in Old madrid— ' she turn as stew walk over to she . gallagher ( smile ) well , you be not get you play do , but you be certainly cover a lot of territory . stew ( grin ) have not I cover some territory ? it feel like I have be on a cook 's Tour [ 18 ] some place . 197 . closer two shot stew , stand before she . gallagher ( seriously ) Stewart , have you ever be to Old Madrid ? stew ( grin in spite of himself ) be where ? gallagher to Old Madrid . ? 84 ? stew never even be to New Madrid . gallagher then how do you expect to write about it ? stew oh - draw on my imagination , I suppose . gallagher do conrad draw on he imagination ? stew be bring up with a start . stew do who ? gallagher conrad . stew what do you know about conrad ? gallagher I do not know a thing about he , but be not he the one you be always yell about ? stew be noticeably impressed with this point of view . stew gosh , you look cute . gallagher warm up to she subject . gallagher be not he the one that always write about thing - only the thing he know about ? stew right . gallagher do not he go to sea before he write about it ? stew right . 198 . medium shot gallagher then why do not you write about something you know ? write about yourself and Anne . the poor boy who marries a rich girl - now there 's a swell theme . stew gee , that 's a idea , gallagher . that 's a idea there . I wonder now . . . gallagher oh , sure . she would make a beautiful heroine . . . ? 85 ? stew ( warming up - he put arm around gallagher 's shoulder ) and there 's she mother - and what a character that old dame would make with she double -strength - and that lawyer friend of theirs - he would make a great villain - and there 's you ! gallagher ( smile ) what could I be ? stew you could be something . ( inspiration strike , he dash to the typewriter ) I have get a idea , gallagher . let 's get this set . that 's a great idea for a play . pal , get I a cigarette , will you ? gallagher here you be . stew all right , thanks . now , let 's see . how will I start ? hey pal , how would you start ? lap dissolve to : int . schuyler entrance hall 199 . mo . full shot shoot through into the draw room . it be many hour later . the member of the party , include smythe , be pretty well light . on the floor of the entrance hall a dice game be in progress . in the draw room four or five be hang over the piano sing " the grasshopper jumped over another grasshopper 's back . " in general , a large time be be have . as the scene open a door-bell be ringing . a key be hear in the lock . 200 . closer shot - group - in entrance hall the outer door start to swing open . one of the party guest , very wall - eye now , and carry a whiskey bottle in he hand , stagger toward the door . it open wider , and Anne and Mrs. schuyler and dexter grayson stand gasp in the open . the guest come up to they . guest ( start to close door ) say , you can not come in here - this be a private party . Anne push the door violently , which send the guest sprawling . he stay where he land , hold the bottle in both arm across he chest . Anne and she mother advance into a close shot and look off with incredulous horror and amazement . 201 . medium shot on a drunk bingy as he peer at they from a alcove above . bingy ( recognize grayson ) hey , my old classmate from Harvard ! whoopee ! Harvard , ' 98 ! ( spot Mrs. schuyler ) hello , mama ! ? 86 ? 202 . medium shot most be too cock -ey or too engross in the ongoing crap game to notice they . dexter I know who 's the cause of it all ! anne oh , dexter ! one of the man wander in from the draw room in time to hear this conversation . he assume a attitude of exaggerated courtesy and gallantry as he bow before they . Anne and she mother be almost burst with fury . they spot smythe , across the room , thoroughly in he cup . mrs . schuyler ( to butler ) smythe ! smythe - who be this people ? smythe come stumbling up , a grin plaster on he face . smythe ( thoroughly plaster ) Friends of mine . very lit-lit-literary people . grayson ( confidentially , to Mrs. schuyler ) he 's drunk . mrs . schuyler ( aghast ) smythe , you have be drink . smythe ( proudly ) I have . double-strength ! grayson ( confidentially ) very drunk . mrs . schuyler ( indignant ) where be Mr. Smith ? smythe well , for cry out loud , I do not know . and I do not care . whoopee ! he jubilantly exit scene . grayson ( confidentially ) very , very drunk . int . stew' sitting room 203 . medium shot stew get to he foot as a idea strike he . stew now gallagher , if we could only get a great scene - a tremendously emotional scene - some - ? 87 ? thing that would just wring the heart out of the public - to bring the curtain down in the second act - that would be okay . could not dig one out of you hat some place , could you ? gallagher nope - afraid I be all out of trick tonight . stew now , we have get it right up to where the boy 's wear he white spat and go to teas and the frau enter - how 's that ? gallagher very good . 204 . mo . close shot at the partially open door into the hall . it open wider , and Anne look in . she stare in horrify amazement . 205 . medium shot ( from her angle ) gallagher , she shoe off , sprawle out on the chaise longue , stretch luxuriously and yawn . camera pan to stew at the typewriter , hair muss , coffee pot and cup prominent , the dress gown over the back of he chair . neither of they have see Anne . continuation scene 204 Anne . she gasp as she quietly step further into the room . 206 . close shot - gallagher gallagher , catch in the midst of a grand stretch , sit up abruptly , startle . she stare uncomfortably off at Anne . 207 . close shot - stew at the typewriter . he glance up momentarily and very absently , and go right on type . stew ( absently ) oh hello , anne– he type furiously . anne ( tight -lipped ) good morning . what do this mean ? Stewart look up surprised at the tone of she voice . stew what do what mean ? 208 . medium shot - the three gallagher , sense scene , start hastily look for she shoe . one of they have be shove under the chaise longue and she have to get down on she hand and knee to retrieve it . Anne come in and confront they , she hand on she hip . stew oh , that mob downstairs . I guess I get so interested in the play I forget all about they . anne I see . ? 88 ? stew have we get a play , Anne ? oh , have we get a play ! of course most of it be gallagher 's . she do most of it . that brain of hers just snap like that all the time . he indicate by snap he finger . gallagher quietly gather up she thing , apprehensive of the storm about to break . anne ( coldly ) I be not interested in the way she brain snap . stew stare at Anne as gallagher , she hat in she hand , she coat over she arm , start for the door . gallagher I think I better go , stew . anne I think you should , miss gallagher . stew wait a minute , gallagher . gallagher stop , transfix by the new tone in he voice . he come over to Anne . 209 . close two shot - anne and stew stew what 's the idea , Anne ? anne the idea be simply this - that I want that people to leave here immediately . stew now wait a minute . be not you be a little unreasonable ? anne unreasonable ! have you any idea what the place look like downstairs ? do you expect I to stand here and see this place turn into a cheap barroom ? stew now wait , do not get excited , Anne . there 's no reason for that . perhaps the boy have have a little too much to drink . that 's all right . I be sorry . I will go right down and throw they out . that 's no reason for you to take this attitude . after all , I certainly have a right to invite a few of my friend to my house , have not I ? anne ( pointedly ) you house ? stew ( get the implication ; after a pause ) o-o-oh , I get you— ? 89 ? ( a know chuckle ) all right . all right . I do not blame you . I kinda forget myself for a moment , there . that 's what I call get I tell , be not it , Anne ? Anne remain silent . that 's exactly what she have do . stew I suppose I have be board out this past year . 210 . medium shot he take he coat off back of chair and slip into it . stew ( quietly ; grimly ) all right , I will tell you this '' I do not like you board house , lady '' as he gather up loose manuscript , he continue . . . stew —and if it 's all the same to you , I be move out . anne Stewart ! stew ( hotly ) this be something I should have do a long time ago , only I do not have sense enough to do it . no , I have to stick around here to try and make a success of something that I know darn well be a failure from the very beginning . but no more . no more ! so that 's that . anne you can not walk out of here like this . throughout the scene , stew be gather he thing together—and probably pack a overnight bag . stew oh I can not ? who 's go to stop I ? I would like to see somebody stop I . if you think I be go to stick around this joint just to look at this mausoleum , not on you life ! you be go to make no stuff shirt out of I . now what do you think of that ? Mrs. schuyler stalk majestically in . mrs . schuyler what 's go on here ? who be this woman ? stew ( snappily ) Joan of Arc ! what 's it to you ? mrs . schuyler heavens ! the man 's insane ! ? 90 ? 211 . closeup - stew stew sure I be insane , but I have get some good news for you . ( point to himself ) this magnolia be leave you sweet smell vanilla joint . this bird in a cage be gonna button he own pants from now on . and that be what be know as tell the mother - in-law . gallagher 's cry of joy be cut off by a icy look from Mrs. schuyler . gallagher eurek— ! 212 . medium shot stew be stuff thing into a bag . stew ( heatedly to Anne ) you have do nothing but watch I - watch I ! - ever since I have be here . treated I like a thug , watch I like a hawk , mistrust I . every time I leave the house , that Jane '' ( indicate Mrs. schuyler ) ugoe out and count the silverware . anne that 's ridiculous . stew Fine ! I do not blame she . I know I be out of my own crowd . I should have have better sense in the beginning . but I will stay in my own backyard from now on . anne you be act like a child . stew all right , I be a child . have it any way you want . but I be go back to my own apartment , where I should have live in the first place . but no , I get to listen to you and move here . all right . if you want to live with I , Anne , okay . but the sign outside will say " Mr. stew Smith " and you will have to be " Mrs. stew Smith " or there 's nothing do . no more Anne schuyler 's husband '' he have he bag all pack by this time . he snap it shut viciously , lift it off the chair , pick up he hat , and notice Mrs. schuyler stare open- mouth at he . stew ( to Mrs. schuyler , pointedly ) —and here 's some more news for you . you can take you red room , you green room , you leave wing and you right wing , and you know what you can do with they ! ? 91 ? ( to gallagher ) come on , gallagher . he brushes by Mrs. schuyler and Anne , exite . anne ( exasperate ) oh , Stewart ! ext . schuyler home - night 213 . medium shot stew and gallagher appear , come through the iron gate . 214 . medium moving shot as stew and gallagher move off down the street , a rag old panhandler come wheedling up to they . panhandler pardon I , could you spare a dime for a cup of coffee ? stew be strike by a sudden idea as he regards the bum intently . stew coffee ? how would you like to be a knight of the garter ? panhandler ( stupidly ) huh ! no— stew raise one foot , then the other , and quickly remove the solid gold garter which he press into the bum 's surprised hand . stew ( as he remove the garter ) just a minute . ( to gallagher ) entertain the gentleman , gallagher . ( to the panhandler ) there you be , my man - with that you can eat for a couple of month . he walk away , leave the bum stare dazedly at the luxurious pair of garter . panhandler ( a afterthought ) how about the sock ? 215 . mo . close shot as stew and gallagher pass the camera and go down the street , arm in arm . as they get past the camera , stew be see to square he shoulder and throw out he chest . he shake first one leg , and then the other , as if he be throw off shackle . 216 . closer moving shot stew and gallagher move along . gallagher have a peculiar expression as she glance at stew . she have be deeply affect by the scene she have just witness . stew 's face be very thoughtful . gallagher ( comfortingly ) I would not worry too much about it , stew . she will see it you way . ? 92 ? stew huh ? ( snap out of it ) oh , I be not worry about she - I be worry about that second act curtain , that 's all . gallagher stare at he , realize he be think more about the play than he split - up with he wife . then she break into a grin . gallagher why , you be just a first - class chump ! you just stage a scene that would play like a million dollar ! how about that declaration of independence for the second act curtain ? stew stop stock still and stare at she . stew ( almost reverently ) that 's a idea , gallagher - a great idea . gallagher happily link she arm in he and again they move down the street . fade out : fade in insert : close shot of name plate over doorbell " stewart smith " lap dissolve to : insert : sheet in typewriter on it be be type : Act 3 . scene 1. lap dissolve to : 217 . int . stew' apartment - day - mo . full shot inexpensive but comfortable . stew be in he shirtsleeve . a batter old typewriter stand on the table with a sheet of blank paper in it . stew be seat in a chair before it , and be pick out the letter , type . he pause , run up the roller to regard what he have write . 218 . int . stew' kitchenette - mo . shot gallagher , in a little apron , be fry some ham and egg . she look up as she see stew from the doorway . stew hey , gallagher ! gallagher yeah ? stew how about my breakfast ? how do you expect I to ring a curtain down on a empty stomach ? gallagher it will be ready in a minute . ? 93 ? stew ( accusingly ) never mind that . if you can not get my breakfast ready - and can not get here on time in the morning - then you can go get yourself another job . gallagher ( in mock contrition ) sorry , boss— stew do not be sorry . just get the breakfast , that 's all . 219 . int . stew' live room - mo . shot there be a knock on the hall door . stew cross and open it . 220 . closer shot as stew open the door . it reveal dexter grayson in the little hallway , immaculately clad , as usual . stew regards he in frank surprise for a moment . grayson hello , Smith . stew ( puzzle ) Holy jump swordfish ! grayson I suppose you know why I came— ? stew no , I have no idea - unless some of the silver - ware be miss . grayson now do not be absurd , smith— ( as he brushes past , walk inside ) May I come in ? stew surely , come right in . grayson ( as he sit down ) thanks . May I sit down ? stew surely , sit down . if I have know you be come , I would have throw you up a waffle . grayson I do not eat waffle . stew you do not . 221 . mo . shot grayson sit stiffly on one of the Grand rapid chair . stew remain stand , and wait silently for grayson to speak . grayson clear he throat . ? 94 ? grayson Anne ask I to come and see you about the divorce . stew ( with enlighten expression ) she did— ? grayson ( uncomfortably ) she want I to arrange the financial settlement . stew listen grayson , I have get 106 buck and 75 cent in the bank . now Anne can have any part of that she want , but she would better hurry because I be spend it awfully fast . grayson ( interrupt ) you do not seem to understand . Anne do not expect anything from you . 222 . int . stew' kitchenette - mo . shot gallagher . overcome by curiosity at the sound of voice , she leave the fry egg and go quietly to the doorway and peek out . 223 . mo . shot grayson and stew . grayson we should like to know how much you would want to— stew stare off incredulously . stew ( interrupt ) wait a minute . do I get from you that she want to pay I alimony ? grayson that 's put it crudely , buty stew start advance nervously toward he . grayson , a bit alarmed , rise . stew ( close in on he ) remember what I tell you about that twentieth crack ? all right , you have just make it . before you go unconscious I want you to get this through you nut . grayson I beg you pardon . stew unconscious . you know , when you do not know anything . you natural state . there be some people - you can not buy they self - respect for a bucket of shekel - well , I happen to be one of that guy . ? 95 ? 224 . close shot show kitchen door open a crack . gallagher 's eye be glisten as she watch and listen . 225 . mo . close shot stew and grayson . grayson ( weakly ) we just think that '' stew ( snap ) do not think . let I do all the think . now you go back to that schuyler outfit and tell they that I do not marry that dame for she dough and I do not want any of she dough now . I be too poor to buy she a wedding present when we get marry , so I be give she a divorce for a wedding present . now , stand up ! grayson do so , completely intimidate by stew 's manner . stew grab he by the lapel . grayson yes . stew and now for that twentieth crack— stew punch grayson on chin and knock he through the open door into the hall . he slam door shut . 226 . wider shot stew thrust he hand into he pocket and walk thoughtfully back to the typewriter . 227 . closer shot stew stand stare down at the typewriter . he be still flushed with anger . suddenly a think strike he , and he face break into a broad grin . he sit down quickly , and begin pound away . 228 . mo . shot gallagher enter from the kitchen , carry a platter of ham and egg and a coffee pot . she set they on a small table and this be spread with a cloth . then she cross over to stew . gallagher ( pretend ignorance ) who be that ? stew ( without look up from he type ) grayson - Anne 's lawyer . gallagher what do he want ? stew gallagher , that guy just drop by to give we a great open for the third act . they sit at the little table . ? 96 ? 229 . closer shot gallagher what be the idea he give you ? stew dive into the ham and egg . stew it 's a swell idea , gallagher . how 's this ? the wife 's family lawyer come to see the kid , see - to talk over the divorce . then this guy insult the poor but honest boy by offer he alimony - so the kid get sore , sock the lawyer in the nose and throw he out . how 's that for the beginning of the third act , huh ? gallagher well , from now on the play will be easy . all you have to do be bring the wife back , have she say she 's sorry , and then you play 's over . 230 . closeup - stew he look over at gallagher with a peculiar expression . stew ( vehemently - as he scoops out some melon ) what 's the matter ? do you think I be go to let that guy go back to he wife ? not on you life . he 's get to go to the other girl . 231 . closeup - gallagher she almost drop she coffee cup in a wild gleam of hope as she look back at he . gallagher try hard to keep she voice steady . gallagher ( not sure of herself ) what other girl— ? 232 . mo . close shot of the two stew the little o'brien girl , of course - the one you suggest in the story . gallagher ( ecstatic , but still fight ) but that 's ridiculous ! you can not make a sudden change like that . stew gallagher , what be you go to do - tell I how to write a play ? gallagher no . stew there 's nothing sudden about that '' ( tensely ) he 's always love the girl , but he be such a sap he do not have sense enough to tell she . well , that 's all right - we can fix that . he will ? 97 ? go to the little o'brien girl , and - here , I will show you . he get to he foot , and come around to she . 233 . close two shot gallagher watch he a bit uncertainly . stew ( tenderly ) he go to the little o'brien gal and he say to she - in some pretty word of some kind - something that you can write - he will say '' ( as if read part - very emotional ) darling , I be sorry . I have be a fool all my life . I have always love you , only I do not have sense enough to see it . as quick as I can get a divorce from my wife , I want you to marry I . then she will look at he that way - yeah - then they will embrace , or something like that . ( they draw closer ) then he will kiss she , or something . to demonstrate the point , stew take she in he arm and kiss she . they hold the kiss longer than be justified . stew be sweep away by he sudden emotion and cling to she desperately , while gallagher 's arm instinctively go around he neck . gallagher choke back tear that persist in come . she stifles a sob . stew fold she in he arm . stew ( tenderly ) what 's the matter , gallagher ? what 's the matter ? gallagher bury she face in he shoulder . fade out . the end