" platoon " screenplay by Oliver Stone fade in : a quotation against a black screen : ' rejoice , o young man , in thy youth ... ' the sound now of a C - 130 air cargo plane roaring over we and we cut sharply to : ext . airstrip - base camp - vietnam - day as the C - 130 coast to a stop , the hatch rotate down on a hot , dusty lifeless airstrip somewhere in Vietnam . nothing seem to live or move in the midday sun . title run a dozen new recruit step off the plane , unload they duffel bag , look around like only the new can look around , they hair regulation - clipped , crisp , new green fatigue fitting they like cardboard . CHRIS taylor be just another one of they - as he turn into a tight closeup , to look at a motorize cart pull up alongside ... he 's about 21 . New meat . his face , unburn yet by the sun , be tense , bewilder , innocent , eye search for the truth . they fall now on a heap of body bag in the back of the cart . two soldier begin load they onto the plane . fly - hundred of fly - buzz around they , the only cue to they content . gardner ( next to Chris , Southern accent ) that what I think it be ? soldier 1 ( a look ) I guess so ... a uncomfortable look between they . sergent okay , let 's go ... as they move out , Chris ' eye move with the body bag be load onto the plane . move over now to a motley half dozen veteran bypass they on they way to the plane . they look happy . very happy , chat it up . they pass the newboy - and they shake they head , they eye full of a almost mock pity . veteran well I will be dip in shit - new meat ! sorry bout that boy - ' sin loi ' buddy ... you gonna love the nam , man , for-fuck - ever . Chris look at they . they pass , except for the last man who walk slower than the rest , a slight limp . his eye fall on Chris . they be frightening eye , starve , hollow , sink deep in he face , black and dangerous . the clammy pallor of malaria cling to he as he look at Chris through decaye black tooth . then the sun flare out on he and he 's past . and Chris look back . disturb . it 's as if the man be not real . for a moment there . as if he be a ghost . Chris walk , duffel bag on the shoulder , look up at the lollipop sun burn a hole through the sky . a rush SOUND now . of frightening intensity , a effect combine the blast of a airplane with the roar of a lion as we hardcut to : ext . jungle - somewhere in vietnam - day the sun match the intensity of the previous shot as we move down into thick green jungle . we hear the sound of men come , a lot of man . the thwack of a machete . brush be bull . we wait . they be get close . the credit continue to run . subtitle read : December 1967 - bravo company , 25th infantry division - somewhere near the cambodian border . a sweat white face come into view . CHRIS - cut point . machete in one hand , whack out a path for the platoon , m - 16 in the other , he look like he 's on the verge of heat exhaustion . breathe too hard , pace himself all wrong , bump into thing , trip , not quite fall , he look pathetic here in the naturalness of the jungle . a urban transplant , slightly neurotic and get more so . his rucksack be come apart as well , about 70 badly pack pound bang noisily . behind he barne now come , the platoon sergeant . then the RTO , he radio man , hum lightly . other be behind , the column snake back deep into the brush . we cut around some face of the platoon - all to be see later . Young face , hard and dirty after week in the field , exhaust yet alert , fatigue filthy , sleep - in , tear , personalize , hair way past regulation length , medal , bandannas . a jungle army . boy . Chris glance down at he raw bleed blister . transfer the machete to he other , slightly less blister , hand . the kid cut on - struggle but try , on he last reserve of strength , smash almost straight forward through brush , not even bother to look ahead . he smell something , look around , slow he pace , eye work ... around to the base of a tree . he move past it . and as he do so , the camera from he Pov come around on a dead decompose 10 - day - old gook - eye start from its socket , worm and fly feast . Chris draw he breath in , terrify . barne suddenly appear alongside , he hard humourless eye look annoyed from the gook to Chris . barne what be you wait for ? he be not gonna bite you . move out . Chris look at he with pent - up hatred and crash on . ext . platoon PC - day - moving at the company PC , captain harris on the radio . harris bravo two , six . what 's the delay up there , move it out on point . we have get a link up at phase line whiskey at one eight Zero Zero , over . ext . platoon PC - day - moving - morning at the platoon PC , lieutenant wolfe sweat heavily as he speak in he radio . he be also new to the field , a dark little feisty guy , about 24 , very hairy , especially in the eyebrow , a intense get-ahead look . lieutenant wolfe two bravo , two move it out . six say we be jam them up back there . over . barne , upfront , turn to sal , he radio man , under he breath . barne tell that dipshit to get fuck . get that other freshmeat up here . gardner . as barne pick up he pace , irritate now at this reprimand from the CO - come up on Chris , who be soak now from head to foot in sweat , dizzy , feel sick , about to vomit . barne what the hell 's the matter with you Taylor ! you a sorry ass motherfucker . fall back . he grab Chris 's machete out of he hand and bull he way into the foliage , tear it apart , set a new pace . Chris be bypass by the column , they eye on he . he be swatting at the red ant that be all over he neck . gardner , another new recruit , fat , hustling up to replace he . a big and black medic - doc - come over , gentle eye and manner ; with he be sergeant elias , concerned . doc you okay ? CHRIS ant . I get ant on my neck ... ( shaking they out ) doc ( help he ) yeah , black ant be killer , you look sick man . you need a little salt . ( reach into he satchel ) sergeant elias , a handsome , graceful dark - haire indian kid of 23 , the squad sergeant , be take item out of Chris ' pack - air mattress , extra unnecessary clothing , extra canteen , grenade , gas mask , book . elias ( shaking he head , amused ) you be humping way too much , troop , do not need half this shit . I will haul it for you but next time you check it out with I okay ? Chris nodd , grateful , panting . the man pass , watch . Chris sorry about this , try to keep up face . bunny , a young 18 year - old with a angel 's face , be pissing in the dead gook 's face . king pass , glance at he . king you be a sick mother Bunny . Bunny laugh about it . Chris stand there one moment , fight for he breath , suddenly pass out , go over with he 70 pound rucksack , hit the ground with a loud bang . elias ( concerned ) hold it up . on Chris - he eye open . he seem all right . CHRIS ( try to get up ) I be okay ... I be okay . Chris crumple backwards . elias help he . ext . company perimeter # 1 - dusk the company - about 100 man who seem insignificant amid the size of the surround jungle - be digging into a perimeter of some 100 - yard radius . a resupply chopper lift off in a flurry of blow leave . bare - chest soldier chop down tree , clear field of fire , set out claymore , fill sandbag , chow down . Little fire snake up against the grey red horizon . ext . company perimeter 31 - doc' position - dusk we cut close on a pair of grungy foot - the staple of the infantry - move up to doc , the medic , bandage they for fu sheng , a hawaiin kid . ext . company perimeter # 1 - rhah's position - dusk rhah set he tripflare . Crawford , with he , put out a claymore . ext . company perimeter # 1 - rodriguez - position - dusk back in the perimeter rodriguez set he m - 60 in the newly dig foxhole . sal , next to he , be shave in he helmet . ext . company perimeter # 1 - king position - dusk king look like a king . a lion of a black man but with a sleepy , gentle face , not to be rouse , be painfully try to scrawl a letter home with the pencil hold awkwardly , mouth the word . francis , a young baby - face black with long lash and soft eye , peek over he shoulder , shaking he head . francis shit , King , it be not d-e-r-e man , it 's d-e - a-r , and Sara do not have no two r's in it , fool . shame on you . King shrug , a sleepy stone voice . king do not matter , she know what it mean ... a she do not read too good nohow ... ext . company perimeter # 1 - company PC - dusk sgt. elias wash himself , attentive to he body , slender and well - muscle , and extremely handsome youth . of indian blood , with long black hair , generous smile , wide facial bone structure , gypsy eye , and the cleanest white tooth , he could be a young Greek god . he be give somewhat to panache , a silver wristband on he arm , a bandanna of black parachute silk hang from he neck , he fatigue tightened down at the ankle , he pull he pants down , check for crotch rot , apply talcum powder to the area , he buttock face we . lerner , a white kid , 19 , from Florida , stop to admire the frontal view . lerner mumm , any time sweetheart . elias lerner , you would choke to death on it . ext . company perimeter # 1 - company PC - dusk at the company command post a beehive of activity with its four radio , personnel , some vietnamese scout milling around . captain harris be run down a field map with he three lieutenant . Harris , a broad - shoulder fine- look military specimen with the requisite Southern accent and football coach mannerism , be direct he remark to 2nd platoon 's lt . wolfe , who look a little nervous . captain harris Sky six report a fresh company of NVA move across from Cambodia to this blue line . ( point to position ) we get a good chance to light them up tonight . all platoon will set squad - size ambush before full dark . Lt. wolfe ( glance at he ) you ' bush in this area near that ol ' Buddhist temple we pass on the hump in . Lt. hawkins , you take this area in the rubber plantation ... lieutenant wolfe ( eager ) no problem sir ... ext . platoon perimeter # 1 - CHRIS ' foxhole - dusk elsewhere , Chris scrape out a foxhole , he shirt off , bandanna around he head , the work hot and heavy . tex be out there set the claymore as big harold and junior start break down they C 's . junior ( a whining high voice ) hey Big harold , gimme you peach for the fruitcake man . big harold ( laughes loudly ) fuck you bitch . junior c'mon man , do not I do you right that time I give you the turkey loaf for the ham and lima bean shit . big harold tricky bitch , reason you gimme that turkey loaf be nobody else can eat that shit ' cept I so do not start you game play with I junior . they be both black , junior with huge goggle eye and a face of pimple and pockmark , he tooth yellow and decaye , some of they miss . harold be about twice he size , about 250 pound , a baby huey concentrate real hard on prepare he stove to eat with . junior youse a pig man . I hope manny get that laundry gig for ' you do . big harold De fool think he 's gonna get it but he be not know for he think . junior he 's a fool alright but you a bigger fool . hey , whiteboy , watcha wait for - that hole be not gonna dig itself ... Chris look up , continue work , as junior chuckle . junior hey Taylor , you do not know it but I save you ass today . I kill a shit-eate dog. ( laugh ) big harold ( get up ) that remind I , I gotta take a shit . junior you gonna wipe you ass dis time ? big harold yeah if you let I have you shirt . CHRIS ( voice over , as he dig ) somebody once write Hell be the impossibility of reason . that 's what this place feel like . I hate it already and it 's only be a week . some goddamn week , grandma ... ( check he raw blister ) ... the hardest thing I think I have ever do be to go on point , 3 time this week - I do not even know what I be do . a gook could be stand 3 foot in front of I and I would not know it , I be so tired . we get up at 5 a.m. , hump all day , camp around 4 or 5 p.m. , dig foxhole , eat , then put out a all - night ambush or a 3 - man listen post in the jungle . it 's scary cause nobody tell I how to do anything cause I be new and nobody care about the new guy , they do not even want to know you name . the unwritten rule be a new guy 's life be not worth as much cause he have not put he time in yet - and they say if you be gonna get kill in the nam it 's better to get it in the first few week , the logic be : you do not suffer that much . I can believe that ... if you be lucky you get to stay in the perimeter at night and then you pull a 3 - hour guard shift , so maybe you sleep 3 - 4 hour a night , but you do not really sleep ... I do not think I can keep this up for a year , grandma - I think I have make a big mistake come here ... as he speak , we cut around to various shot of the platoon member on the perimeter - shave , eat , cooking , play , etc ... ext . platoon PC - night towards the end of this voice over , we cut to sgt. barne move towards the platoon PC . a powerful face , a quiet , angry fix stare , a thick trim moustache that help conceal a network of plastic surgery graft and scar . the distortion from the jaw up the leave side of he face to he forehead , punctuate by a severe indentation above the leave eye where a bullet once penetrate he skull . walk with he be sgt. o'neill as they join wolfe , sgt . elias and warren at the platoon PC where they be huddle over map . Warren be a black , thin , tall , paranoid man with untrust eye , silent and bitter . barne ( to all , almost pleased about it ) we get boo-coo movement . 3rd battalion just get hit 15 klik north of here . ( the men react with wary silence ) o'neill ( eager to elaborate ) yeah , they have claymore strung up in the tree , blow a whole fuck platoon to piece . baad shit . barne inflect he next word at wolfe , who be worried . barne yeah , they get two lieutenant and a Captain . wolfe Jesus . elias quiet . barne study the map . wolfe ( to barne ) who do you want on ambush , sergeant ? barne do not bother acknowledge the question , barely glance at the Lieutenant , to he a necessary evil . everybody know who 's really in charge of the platoon . barne flick he gaze to elias . barne elias - you take you squad and I will take tex and Francis from you squad . ( to Warren ) we move out in two - zero mike . ( conclude ) elias I think it be o'neill 's turn tonight . they all look at each other . o' neill spit in the dust , a freckle , short red head with a hard worried face , a lifer , 30 go on 60 . o'neill shit ! morehouse and sal be short . fu sheng 's go on r&r , you do not want to send they ass out on a ambush . you get the fresh meat elias . elias ( to barne ) they do not know shit barne , and chance be we gonna run into something . o'neill so what be I go to do ! get one of my guy zap so some fuckface fresh from the World can get he beauty fuck sleep ! elias hey o'neill why do not you cool it , you do not have to be a prick everyday of you life , you know . o'neill fuck you elias . barne you get you man ready elias ... conclude the debate , no further argument , barne rise . the meeting 's close . Lt. wolfe have not say a word , look as elias depart , without a word . o'neill ( watch he ) Fucking guy 's get 3 year in and he think he 's cochise or something ... his resentment direct partly at the way in which elias carry himself , the natural sense of grace - and the dignity it bestow . CUT to : ext . platoon perimeter # 1 - squad assembly point - dusk later . on the very edge of the perimeter , darkness come down fast , the man in the ambush patrol rustle into they pack , all of they bitching . tex , carry the m - 60 , look up at the glower sky . tex shit , look like rain . all night too . gonna grow mushroom in you bad - ass crotch junior . junior ( under he breath ) goddamn be not no justice round here , you break you ass for de white man ... gonna get we act together , do some rappin ' wid de brother , change thing ... crawford what 's o'neill have a nose up the lieutenant 's ass already , how come we always get ambush . francis Politics , man , politics . we always get fuck around here . Chris be scared , nervous with he last - minute equipment adjustment , he pack obviously overweight for a night mission as he haul it up . gardner , the other new boy , be jovial in contrast , he wallet extend towards Chris . gardner hey Chris , I show you a picture of Lucy Jean ? CHRIS ( not to be bother ) no ... gardner show he he girl . she 's real dog u-g-l-y , and what make it worse be gardner 's put the standard photo of raquel Welch alongside it , tit and all . but he miss the irony of it . gardner ( admire ) yeah she 's the one all right ... that 's Lucy Jean . she 's a-wait for I . CHRIS ( nodd ) yeah she 's real pretty , you be lucky ... gardner put it away . elias appear alongside they , check they pack out , take out Chris 's poncho liner and other item . he carry a modify m - 16 with a short barrel and a collapsible stock . elias ( to both boy ) do not need this or this ... you be do okay . just stick close to tex , do what he do . ( call out to tex ) tex you get junior and Taylor here on you position . tex be a sour Texas Ranger type , chew tobacco , spit . tex damn , ' lias this gun 's boss . put Taylor someplace else . Chris feel the word like lash on he . elias you get Taylor ... ( to gardner ) ... gardner you go with I ( to Chris and gardner ) ' case something ' happen to you , you get separate or lose do not yell out okay . sit tight . we will get to you . his eye . Chris watch they . a smile in they . elias move off , a quality to the man that Chris admire . a natural sense of leadership . barne okay , let 's move out . as he follow King , on point , out the perimeter . a single file . ext . the ambush night ( rain ) night be come down . the tone of the jungle sound have subtly shift - mellower , more sinuous and certainly scarier . the file stop . King , a experience point man , listen . Chris - carry tex 's link ammo - look around , tense . behind he be gardner , try to smile , start to whisper something ( ' hey Taylor ...' ) when he 's abruptly shushed . the file move on . gardner 's pack rattling a little too loud . a weird rush of cold wind now rattles the tree and the monsoon come . a hard slant rain , sudden , tropic . ext . ruins - jungle - night ( rain ) a piece of a old Buddhist temple , under a sulky moonlight now in a state of decay , the jungle surging to engulf it . the Men be set up quickly and relatively quietly in the ruin - alongside a minuscule trail . the rain be come down harder than ever . Chris and tex set out they claymore mine , raveling back they detonate cord to they position , drench . in the far distance , a illumination round brighten the sky for a brief moment . various ad lib curse and direction be lose in the sound of the rain . ext . ambush - barne ' position - night ( rain ) at the ambush cp , Ace whipser into he radio . a soft hiss sound . ext . ambush - chris' position - night ( rain ) later . Close on Chris be shake awake . tex Taylor , you be on . CHRIS ( groggy ) uh hunh . the rain continue to pelt they . tex hand he a infrared scope . tex ( suspicious ) you sure you know how to work the claymore ? CHRIS ( offended ) sure . tex curl up as best he can in he poncho to sleep . tex okay ... do not catch no zzz 's on I buddy or I will sling you motherfuck ass ... you hear I ? CHRIS ( grit he tooth ) yeah . ( look at he watch ) hey tex - you be ten minute fast . tex Sin loi. ( ' tough luck ' , close he tooth ) Chris let it go , scan the jungle and trail with the scope . the Pov be greasy and blurred . he put it aside . suddenly a series of resonant snore crack through the jungle . Chris start , then see it 's from junior lie out there , spreadeagled in the rain . Chris prod he . CHRIS junior ! junior unh ?... unh . CHRIS shaddup ! you be snore ... shhh . bend low into he eardrum . junior never wake , roll over with a growl . silence . CUT to : ext . CHRIS ' position - night ( rain ) later . a pool of muddy water have form , in which a pair of buttock sit . move up to Chris still on duty , look at he watch , draw , drench , pathetic , rainwater coursing down he face . CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( continue he letter ) ...' course Mom and dad do not want I to come , they want I to be just like they - respectable , hard - work , make $ 200 a week , a little house , a family . they drive I crazy with they goddamn world , grandma , you know Mom , I do not want to be a white boy on Wall Street , I do not want my whole life to be predetermine by they . a large ripping SOUND as the wind blow down a big tree branch onto the jungle floor . he start , peer out . nothing . he look at he watch again . CHRIS ... I guess I have always be shelter and special , I just want to be anonymous . like everybody else . do my share for my country . live up to what grandpa do in the first War and dad the second . I know this be go to be the war of my generation . well here I be - anonymous all right , with guy nobody really care about - they come from the end of the line , most of them , small town you never hear of - pulaski , Tennessee , brandon , Mississippi , pork Bend , Utah , wampum , Pennsylvania . two year ' high school 's about it , maybe if they be lucky a job wait for them back in a factory , but most of them get nothing , they be poor , they be the unwanted of we society , yet they be fight for we society and we freedom and what we call America , they be the bottom of the barrel - and they know it , maybe that 's why they call themselves ' grunt ' cause a ' grunt ' can take it , can take anything . they be the backbone of this country , grandma , the best I have ever see , the heart and soul - I have find it finally , way down here in the mud - maybe from down here I can start up again and be something I can be proud of , without have to fake it , maybe ... I can see something I do not yet see , learn something I do not yet know ... I miss you , I miss you very much , tell Mom I miss she too - Chris . he move towards junior , shake he , but junior seem to be out of this world . CHRIS wake up ! junior open one dead eye . CHRIS it 's you shift , man ... junior scowl , swear , look around for he rifle in the mud . Chris crawl back to he position , curling himself up in he soak poncho , tooth chatter from the cold , rain splattering over he . a long beat . he sigh , the sigh kick off the next image . ext . CHRIS ' position - night Chris jerk awake - very suddenly , very frighten . the rain have stop . the jungle sound be loud . cicadas , night animal , water drip hypnotically from leaf to leaf . and the whirr of a million mosquito out after the rain , chew at Chris ' face . he look around , startle . tex be asleep . junior be asleep . what happen ? he look at he watch . the mosquito be eat he alive . he bury he head in he green towel which he wear around he neck , but he can not see . a beat . he move again , miserable from the bite . another beat . then suddenly the sound of the jungle shift - some of the animal drop out . a different tone . a piece of wood be step on , a rustle of bush ... Chris see something , lift a edge of the towel to peek out . a shadow of a figure be freeze there in front of he about 15 yard . it look like a man . but it do not move . at all . it listen . Chris , he heart in he mouth , try to peer through it . it 's a bush . it have to be . no human be could stand that still . his heartbeat be up . the moment take forever . but deep down - somewhere in he psyche - he know who it be . the figure now shift , ever so slightly - and move . it be a human be . oh my God ! Chris look around . tex seem like a mile away . why do not anyone fire ! he cast a desperate look at he rifle , at he grenade encrust with mud , but in spite of all he training , he be freeze with indecision and fear at the sight of he enemy . the figure seem to whisper something back , then turn and come down the trail . now a second and third figure appear behind he - all in helmet and pack . all come right past Chris ' position . ten yard . nine . Chris be rigid with terror . Stark eye . plead with tex to wake up , but out of reach . he be about to have a anxiety attack , he heartbeat so far up he be sure they will hear he . the first figure be now directly in front of Chris on the trail , look leave and right . a rattle of he equipment , a creak of leather . a smell . the man 's face now catch the moonlight and he eye come around on Chris . Oriental eye . look right at he . startle . Chris stare back , hypnotize . it all happen very fast . the figure murmur something in vietnamese . a warning . he swivel . a flash of muzzle fire . a rake cough of automatic fire . a grenade explosion . Chris be hurl to the ground , helmet bounce off , scattered , confuse , jarre . all hell break loose around he with noise and shout . tex , kissing the ground , be yell at he . tex the claymore ! get that fucker ! Chris , not know what he 's do , be fumble with the claymore handle , press they . insert : they will not give . he try again and again to the squeeze the life out of they . tex be scream at he . tex the safety ! take the safety off you ... lunge over and grab the handle from Chris . click the safeties off and blow they . Three explosion rip out into the night - and one of the enemy be catch in a brief instant look like a x-ray , he body lift and swirl in the air , then envelop in swirl of smoke . Chris , try to keep up , grab he m - 16 , lay out a stream of fire . the sound all around he be deafen . ext . gardner' position - night gardner , freaking out , stand crouch , confuse , try to run , collapse . ext . o' neill position - night o' neill throw a grenade , wild . ext . CHRIS ' position - night a explosion . Chris hit the deck . tex be now on the m - 60 machine gun , yell at junior who be cring on the ground . tex feed I ! he lay out red tracer bullet like laser beam , then suddenly reel back , whiplash , scream . a grenade explosion rock they . tex aaaaaghhh ! my arm ! my arm ! his hand and wrist be go , he face in the dirt . junior be fumble around , try to stay down and help he at the same time . junior ( grab tex 's gun ) doc ! get up here ! tex be hit ! Chris , look out to he front , have no clue what 's go on . except the fire be slack . relayed shout of ' medic ! medic ! ' other shout . shout hold it up ! hold it up ! the fire have cease . a silence , punctuate by occasional shout and fast moment , have envelop once more the cemetery . Doc crash through the bush , kneel over tex , who continue to howl in deep pain . tex ( freak out ) my arm ! jesus fucking christ ! doc easy tex easy boy ! try to sound calm but he voice be on the edge , examing the mutilation with a pen flashlight , he whip out he morphine in a big hypodermic . voice ( next position ) Doc over here ! gardner 's hit . doc ' right there . as he slip the morphine into tex 's arm . tex ( mutter at Chris ) ... godamn ! godamn ! dumb fucker , dumb fucker ! Chris watch , suddenly feel himself dizzy , instinctively run he hand over the back of he neck . feel the warm blood there . a moan come from he lip . junior look at he . junior oh shit , Doc he 's hit too . CHRIS ( weakly ) I be hit ... barne and Big harold come hustling up . Doc finish tourniquetting tex , cradle Chris onto the earth , he flashlight probing the wound . tex in background continue to thrash and moan . Chris wait , tensely for the verdict , he eye big with fear on Doc , who take out he morphine . junior ( to barne , point at Chris ) that dumb fuck do not blow he claymore ! Chris hearing this . barne look at he . doc ( to Chris ) ... it 's a scratch , nothing to worry about . CHRIS ( suspicious ) Doc ... tell I the truth , do not lie to I . the needle go in . tex let out this strange keen moan that set everyone 's tooth on edge . junior ( to barne ) he let them walk right up on we . he be sleep on he shift . CHRIS ( mutter weakly ) I be not ... it be you ... doc ( leave , to harold and junior ) self - preservation 's the first law of nature . gotta learn how to work you shit Taylor . watch I , do not let them go into shock . tex 's moan be madden and scary . barne suddenly clamp he hand over tex 's mouth shutting he up and from way down deep in he throat , choke out the word . barne shut up ! shut up - and take it ! take the pain ! tex 's eye roll wildly , uncomprehend . Doc and Big harold look at barne , wonder . tex be suddenly silent , shocked . barne stand , a icy glare , go . junior scramble over to tex 's side . Doc run off . Big harold cradle Chris , he big black hand like a mother , reassure he . big harold you gonna be okay Taylor , okay , do not you start worry now . Chris look up at he , eye blink slowly , daze already by the morphine . he 's very scared . CHRIS do you ... do you know you be gonna die ... Big harold ?... do you feel like ... like ... everything 's gonna be fine and then ... big harold bullshit man , you gettin outta the field , man . Three hot a day , white sheet , dem pretty white nurse give you blowjob too you pay they enough , I hear tell bout dem white bitch . better save yo strength Taylor . junior ( mutter darkly ) Don babytalk he man . cocksucker fall asleep . they walk right up on we , he don do shit . big harold shaddup bitch . Chris be gettin woozier , feel he be die but start to grin , not caring about it anymore . yet he be nowhere close to die . CHRIS it 's not ... so bad ... die . how long ... it ... ext . trail - ruins - position # 1 - night barne stand over a moan , rip up enemy soldier . fire he m - 16 point blank into the head . the soldier buck and die , quivering . ext . trail - ruins - position # 2 - night elias , check out a blood trail some distance away , shift on the shot , look back . ext . trail - ruins - position # 3 - night france , manny , bunny and king be huddle over another mangle enemy corpse . bunny ( stripping the corpse ) that 's no NVA man . that 's a chink - look at them , the cocksucker 's six and a half foot tall . look at he gear - good as ours . francis shit I blow my claymore right in one dude 's face and I see he walk around afterwards . manny what we fight here , vampire ? ext . trail - ruins - position # 1 - night elias come up to barne swiftly , indicate the blood trail lead off into the bush . elias blood trail just keep go and go but no body . barne how the hell do he get away ? elias fucker return fire soon as we light them up . hard core fuckin' NVA . they get they shit together . ring ( come up to barne ) sarge - Doc want you . there 's a problem with the new man . elias and barne go with King . past Chris and tex who be ambulatory and bandage , be help along . as barne pass , the man look at he , everybody quickly sense something be wrong . ext . gardner' position - night at one of the position Doc be work feverishly to knock the life back into gardner who lie there , he shirt stripped off on he cottage cheese belly . a huge suck chest wound . he 's die . you know it because he know it . the eye do the talk , numb , terrorize yet strangely detach , accept , not protest or concerned any longer . most of the ambush have assemble and be watch , Chris move in to see . Doc be mumble to he , low key . doc chopper 's on the way gardner , hang in there , you gonna be okay ... but gardner seem unconcern . thing be go on in he head - who know what . and in he eye there be big tear roll . then a morphine smile . a sort of goofy gardner smile , maybe think about Lucy Jean , who know . he 's dead . barne ( to all ) take a good look at this lump o'shit ... ( motion to gardner 's body ) rmember what it look like , all of you . you fuck up in a firefight and I guaran-goddamn - tee you , a trip out of the bush - in a bodybag . out here , asshole , you keep you shit wire tight at all time ... ( glare directly at Chris ) and that go for you , shit for brain . you do not sleep on no fuckin ' ambush . next sonofabitch I catch coppin ' z' in the bush I be personally gonna take a interest in see he suffer - I shit you not ... he thump Chris lightly but menacingly in he chestbone and move on . CHRIS ( drowsy ) I do not fall asleep , sergeant , junior ... bunny ( piss , cut in , shove he hard ) shut you face chicken shit ! you in big trouble boy ! o'neill excuse be like asshole , Taylor - everybody get one . elias knock it off ! we get two man need attention here . Police up you extra ammo and frag , do not leave nothing for the dink . hoyt , junior , carry gardner . junior ( mutter ) let de white boy carry he ass , he this dude that get he fuck up . who would be haul he ass if that be a brother lay there ? elias follow barne out of earshot of the other . elias man'd be alive if he would have a few more day to learn something . barne , register it , just keep on walk . ext . base camp - day ( week later ) Chris be drive up in a jeep to he company PC - mark ' bravo PC ' on a c-ration box . it 's midday on a hot lazy afternoon , few people out in the 102 degree sun . Chris ' company be on the outskirt of the base camp , they barrack regulation wood , canvas , and fine mesh screen , red dust everywhere , bunker down on the perimeter , ream of barb wire and concertina , a sand - bag mess hall and chapel , 81 mm mortar pit , observation tower , recoilless rifle , 50 - caliber machine gun . Chris get out of the jeep , stiff - neck , a bandage around it , still in some pain . the first man he intersect be king , carry crate of beer . king hey Taylor , what 's in the breeze ? in King 's mild tone Chris try to read he stand in the platoon . CHRIS okay - get light duty , three day . king shit , too bad we in base camp anyway . CHRIS what you get there - beer ? king yeah , just steal I some from the top 's supply but he 's steal it from we anyway . ( see somebody come ) chuck be come . you better ' didi ' man . too late . sgt. o'neill , the redhead lifer accompany by spec 4 sanderson , a big handsome blond kid , not too bright in the face , both slightly drunk , come around a corner , beer can in hand . o' neill see Chris immediately . o'neill hey Taylor - you back ? CHRIS ( pause ) uh , look like it ? sanderson ( spot King 's beer ) where would you get that beer King ? king ( a funny look ) I find it ... sanderson you find it ?... bullshit ! you go on report . gimmee that shit . o'neill awright , come here both of you . you too Taylor ( wag he finger ) get a little special job for you . they advance toward he reluctantly . CHRIS I get light duty , sarge . Doctor say to take it easy couple day . o'neill ( laughes ) ... be not that tough shit now . ext . the outhouse - day a wooden cabin with some half - dozen seat build over half barrel cut from empty oil drum . a guy be in there , pull up he pants . Chris , King and Crawford , a California blond with a handsome honey look , be sweat heavily as they roll the barrel out from under the outhouse , the smell of human waste strong . a hot midday emptiness , nobody around except the fly . king ( piss ) ... motherfuckah , motherfuckah , I be too short to be deal with this shit ! they keep fuck with we man , no letup ... crawford ( equally piss ) Politics man , fuckin ' politics . that o'neill man get he nose so far up top 's ass he gotta be pinocchio ... king forty -two day man and a wakeup and I be a go motherfucker . back to de world . ( dream in he eye ) crawford break a 100 . get 92 to go . April 17 . deros man . California this summer . wave be good they tell I , surfin 's gonna be good ... king March man in Tennessee , sniff the pine ... sniff that crossmounted pussy walkin ' down by the river . what you get Taylor ? ( a snicker ) let 's see three hundred and what ? CHRIS ...32 . 332 day . crawford ( groan ) oh man ! sorry bout that . I can not even remember when I be 332 . you gotta count backwards like you get 40 day in - think positive . king ( to Chris ) how the fuck you get over here man , you look like you educate ... CHRIS I volunteer . king you what ? say ' gain . CHRIS yeah , I drop out of college and tell them I want infantry , combat , and nam ... he grin , find they reaction funny . it 's also the first time we have see Chris crack a smile . crawford you volunteer for this shit man ? king you a crazy fucker , givin ' up college man . King have long sleepy eyelid and cat 's eye , a large pink tongue and big white - edge cotton picker 's nail - a lazy , gentle nature , content with the world . CHRIS do not make much sense . be not learn anything ... ( hesitates ) and why should just the poor kid go to the war - and the college kid get away with it . King and Crawford share a smile . king what we get here a crusader ? crawford sound like it . they pause , wipe the sweat off . King lighting up a half - smoke joint , hit a few puff , eye shoot around , make sure he 's not spot , pass it to Crawford . king sheeit , gotta be rich in the first place to think like that . everybody know the poor always be fuck by the rich . always have , always will . notice Chris be have trouble with he neck , pick at he bandage . king you okay man ? neck botherin ' you ? CHRIS Nah ... king here have some of this . wo not feel a thing . Chris look at the joint , a little apprehensive . he 's never smoke . CHRIS no , thanks ... king go on , whatcha gotta lose , yo ' here now ... crawford kill the smell of shit anyway . the joint profer . Chris wait a beat , shrug , take it , smoke . king suck it in . hold it ... that 's it . now let it out . Chris blow it out . CHRIS do not feel it . King and Crawford chuckle , go on roll the can . king dat 's what they all say . CUT to : ext . outhouse - later - day King , Crawford and Chris pour kerosene over the can at a secure distance from the outhouse . King light it . the can pop and start crackle . a line of burn barrel . ring of dirty black smoke rise against a soft blue sky . they watch , stone . Chris turn to both of they . CHRIS ... you know that night we get hit ... I ... ( ashamed ) king fuck it , do not mean nothing , no such thing here as a coward , do you best man , next time y'do better . crawford History , man , history . Chris surprised at they attitude . the joint suddenly hit he , a look in he face , eye look around different . over at King . CHRIS ( deadpan ) I think I be start to feel that stuff ... Crawford laughes . king ( laugh ) yo get there Taylor . you be cool now and I will introduce you ' round to some of the ' head ' . CHRIS what be the head ? king ( laughes , walk away with Crawford ) later ... Chris alone , breathes deep , feel the full effect . ext . base camp - night a relief against the long harsh , hot day . we see light on all over the camp , sound of music , laughter from the barrack . int . underworld hutch - night King lead Chris down to a specially construct cellar-like hutch dig deep into the ground on a isolate edge of the battalion perimeter . ammo case and canvas be pile over it , and sandbag surround it . from the outside very little sound can be hear as they go down through a trap door make of ammo crate . past a lookout ( Adams ) pull security , hit a joint but alert . King motion to he , it 's cool . Inside be another world . Chris look around amaze . it 's like a private cabaret for the ' head ' who be there cool out . box of food from the States , beer , whiskey bottle , crate function as table , hammock hang from pole , electric fan , tape deck , paraphernalia . the boy be all dress up in they Saturday night rag . the clothes be clean , the headband , the medallion be out , anything distinctive and individualistic . on the tapedeck , jefferson airplane 's ' go ask Alice ' . to Chris it be a new world . and rhah , the resident head , sit there in all he finery puffing a huge burn red bowl in a three foot long montagnard pipe , seem to be the lord of final judgment in this smoky underworld . across he naked chest , bird and snake be tattooe . around he neck a black skull and white ivory cross side by side . on he knuckle ' Love ' and ' hate ' be tattooe . in he eye , a dance satanic fire . a poor rural Southern white , in he grizzle late 20' , he could be a biker King . give Chris the once-over . rhah whatcha do in the underworld Taylor ? king ( smile ) this be not Taylor . Taylor be shot . this man Chris be resurrected ... Chris wonder what he 's do here . his eye rove over lerner , crawford , manny , flash , francis , hoyt , tubb , doc , other from the platoon , about 9 or 10 of they . rhah eye he back , hand he the bowl . rhah you lame Taylor ? CHRIS what ? rhah you lame or something ? king ( smile ) ... go ahead on , smoke it man . Chris understand , take the bowl . hesitates . then smoke it . the contact fume be almost enough to knock he out . he start cough . they be all laugh . rhah you shit 's in the wind troop . baaaaah ! lerner reply , he tongue hang out in parody . lerner and baaaaaaa ! back on you . rhah ( look at lerner with distaste ) if you be gonna do it man , ' least do it right . Building up to it , he eye shaking with conviction at the whole insanity of the world , he neigh with all the venom he can muster . rhah baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!! they all laugh and applaud . King smoking from the pipe pass it back to Chris who take another hit , do not cough this time , look around , wonder about this guy . lerner I do not like it . rhah bah , you be a child , lerner . rhah do not waste time on you . they go on ad-lib with each other , teasing Doc , who 's fairly straight , say he want to go to mo school in the fall . ' be what ? ''a gynecologist , man . '' what that ? ' Francis suggest , ' dat a pussy doctor , man - he 's gonna be Doctor feelgood , man ! ' they be all crack up , find every joke funny . as Chris finish he hit on the pipe , look up across the smoke , already daze , surprised to see elias suddenly there - lean out of he sling in a far corner of the hooch . a monkey be drape around he neck with silver bracelet , ring , a necklace - like a sensual little egyptian whore , elias play with it , space out in a sleeveless vest , tiger pants . Dancing eye on Chris , he swing out the hammock , come over with the monkey . meanwhile manny have break into a high falsetto snatch of blue direct at Chris , join by Big harold and Francis , all of they click they hand . manny & big harold & doc oooh Chris , you look like you be high oh yeah , he look like he be high ooooh Chris , you know you gonna be that way all night oh yeah I think that you be ... yeah ! up now and up to par oh yeah . elias pull out a remington 870 shotgun , jack it to the rear , point it at Chris . elias put you mouth on that . Chris do so slowly , a little worried . elias take a hit and blow it down the bore - ' shotgun ' it into Chris ' lung . Chris stagger back , cough . everybody laugh 'hey dude - you do have you ass blow away ' etc ... elias smile he big white - tooth smile . elias first time ? CHRIS yeah . elias then the worm have definately turn for you man . Chris puzzle by this expression . elias ( smile ) feel good ? CHRIS ( a sense of euphoria now ) yeah . no pain in my neck now . feel good . elias feelin ' good 's good enough . as he suck in a huge mass of smoke off the bowl . his eye perform a funny little hop , skip and jump , as he hold it , he face turn red . the monkey jabber and jump around on he neck , worried . elias then blow the smoke out in its face , the monkey hat it . the Group laugh . elias hey crutcher . I hear you get a dear John from you gal . told you she be not get ' nuff from you . lerner look up , stone out of he mind , wear a ring in he ear . lerner shit . sold I out for some lame dude with a 4 - F . elias what would you say she name be again ? lerner ( recalling she image ) Daisy mae . big harold hey look at Charlotte ! the monkey be sit quietly stone , its eye blink . laughter off . elias Daisy mae ! what Daisy mae look like crutcher ? manny she look huge and get freckle on she ass . lerner she look beautiful . francis how much she weigh man ? big harold she braid she hair under she armpit , crutcher . francis ( sarcastic ) Daisy mae what ? king Daisy mae highway , that 's what . ( laugh ) well whatcha want , lerner , you dick be limp for a year , ' cept when you be bop you buddy tony up there . lerner fuck that . elias I fuck this chick in Hawaii man . couple week ago ... oooooh ! wow - outasight . Gracie slick man , she look like Gracie man , I shit you not . ( remember ) the look on he face ensnare all of they , except perhaps rhah . manny what happen man . what whorehouse you go to ? elias no whorehouse man . on the beach . francis sure . elias yeah , sure . she walk right by I . Long black hair , tit swinging . ass like french bread . leg do not end right . lerner ( skeptical ) you can plant that shit in Tennessee man , but it will not come up in Texas . crawford so what she get , hair on she tit . elias I just stop man . my heart 's beat like a hardon right I get a hardon stick through my pants , my bathing suit look like a hutch ... big harold I know that feel ... elias so I be think to myself - elias you walk away from this , you gonna regret this the rest of you natural life . so I go after she , follow she down the beach . you know find out if she be what she be . they be all hook into this now . king and ? elias well she be pick up she kid . manny dat 's that . elias no , that be not that . francis get outta here , she marry ... elias like two hog in heat . Boy . they throat knotting ... CHRIS ( join in ) ... but what would she do ? elias what do not she do . she fuck the live shit outta I , that 's what she do ! crawford ( suck in air ) Jesus ! elias could not get enuff ... CHRIS but what would she actually do ? elias she be a crossbreed , chinese and Polish . big harold what that ? rhah ( finally hook in ) and live in Hawaii man ? elias yeah - and have blonde hair and almond - shape eye . francis hey man do not you say she have black hair ? elias she have blonde hair man . and long tan leg , in that leather sandal you know , with that thongs up to she knee , this musky oil on it ... mmmm smell good when they be wrap around my face ... they groan , dream of Hawaii . doc yeah ! CHRIS God ! big harold please , somebody hold my dick ! elias ( in afterthought ) ... and a break nose . doc Broken man ? elias yeah , otherwise she would have be too perfect , y'know what I mean ... some woman . her name be ... he forget it . a grass blackout . lerner urging he on . lerner Susan ? manny tamara ? CHRIS Elizabeth ? elias shaking he head , try to remember . king merle ? rhah merle ? Jesus !... Patty ? big harold inga ? CHRIS Jennifer ? hoyt connie ? elias snap he finger . elias Dawn ! that be it ! CHRIS ( repeat it ) Dawn ... King listen to the sound of it . king Dawn ? the other nodd , muse over it . big harold yeah , Dawn ... int . the barracks - night in comparison to the darkness of the hooch , a highly light atmosphere , attract bug ... dusty gear lie around a disorder hooch , loud and finger - snap country western music play from a tape deck , a well - know tune , circa 1967 . bunny , the 18 year - old angel face , totter drunk with a colt - 45 beer in hand , over to junior , the badass black kid with the zit , who just lie there on he cot sweat , do nothing . bunny ( listen to the music ) listen to that shit , that 's good shit ! junior ( irritate as always ) fuck that redneck noise , dude . all dem chick be rappin ' how dey losin ' der ' ho 's and how dey be not get no bread for beer . fuck that honky shit . get to get I some motown jam , dig it ? bunny ( do not understand a word of it ) whaddaya talk shit for man . hey junior ! y'ever smoke any shit ? junior das right dude . you be tryin ' to string de black man out on that shit and keep he down . time 's be come , my man , when de black man 's gonna throw off that yoke . bunny ( lonely in he way for company ) say I can dig it . smoke that shit everything kinda get weird y'know ? ( hiccup , sit ) y'hear that story the gook be put chemical in the grass so 's we become ' pacifist ' so 's we don fight ( to no one in particular ) where the hell 's everybody , they 'se gettin high that 's what - bunch of hophead , they think they special ... junior ( turn away , bored ) Don you worry Bunny , youse a killer anyway . bunny yeah but I still like a piece of pussy once in a while - be not nothing like a piece of pussy cept maybe the indie 500 . junior youse so fuck up man . bunny y'ever look at yoself in the mirror junior , youse uglier than a dick on a dog man . ( laugh ) junior yeah , you have a piece of pussy on a plate in front of you , you would probably kill it . bunny shit , I bet I be laid more and you have . junior sure , you probably stick it in tween she knee and think youse there . bunny yeah ? junior only way you would get some pussy be you bitch die and will it to you - and then maybe . Lt. wolfe wander down the aisle , beer in hand , slightly lonely , bypass fu sheng , the hawaiin and tony , a mustach hairy - brow italian kid from Boston , who be play some kind of dice game . they hardly acknowledge the Lieutenant who stop by rodriguez , the mexican - american kid who be on he cot in he neatly arrange area write a letter home with a pencil , form he word with he mouth , as always mind he own business . Religious object comprise he few decoration . lieutenant wolfe ( amiable ) how you do rodriguez ? rodriguez good sir . wolfe need anything ? rodriguez no sir . wolfe wink at he , continue on to the poker game go on in the center of the barrack , the main action . barne , sgt . o'neill and warren , the quiet sullen black , sanderson and sal play as ace , the tiny radio kid , and morehouse look on ; all of they drink beer and bourbon chaser from a bottle . wolfe ( to o'neill ) how 's it go Red ? ( use he nickname ) o'neill shit , cocksucker 's get all the card tonight . wolfe ( to barne ) look like you be do all right sergeant . barne , rake in the chip , be the big winner , a light bead of sweat on he forehead and a somewhat glassy look to the eye the only indication he be drunk - he shirt peel off revealing a muscular , scar body . barne yeah , and I be not even cheating yet . sanderson ( the big blond kid ) have some kentucky windage Lieutenant . ( pass he the bottle of bourbon ) wolfe take a nip . barne play Lieutenant ? wolfe Nah , I would not want to get rape by you guy ... o'neill what be you save up to be Lieutenant - jewish ? laugh . wolfe force a smile , glad to move on . there be a continual worried rodent air about he , a anxiety , a desire to fill the vacuum in he leadership with a false masculinity . wolfe catch you man later . enjoy yourselves . as he go , o'neill shake he head after he . o'neill sorry ass motherfucker be not he . you think he gonna make it barne ? barne play a card , glance , a minute movement of he head . o'neill yeah that 's what I figger . some dude you jes ' look in they face and you know they just be not gonna make it . barne look - with some irony - at o'neill . the country western tune have reach a crescendo whine which now mix into : int . underworld hutch - night Francis , the baby - face black , and manny , green shade cover he skinny face , lead with a high blue falsetto . francis and manny ( sing ) ' people say I be the life of the party cause I tell a joke or two although I may be laugh loud and hardy deep inside I be blue ... the hutch look now like a turkish bath with minimum visibility , the smoke fume dense . they be all up dance on they foot - King , tubb , Big harold , hoyt , lerner , Crawford , flash , Doc , elias - a few light gesture with they hand above shoulder level , pass around the grass pipe while they shuffle , finger click . the song - smokey Robinson 's " tracks of my tear " - accompany they from a vintage tapedeck . all '... since you have leave I , if you have see I with another girl seem like I be have fun although she may be cute she 's just a substitute because you be the permanent one ... ' King and Big harold wave Chris into the Circle and he start sway with they , feel as if he 's be accept into a new family . rhah watch it all , puffing away on he magic dragon pipe , the shadow dance on the wall . it look like a Saturday night dance party . a yearn for tenderness , for feminity , for a moment of peace in this nightmare life . they eye close , think of dance partner that can not be here tonight . sing they soul out . all '... so take a good look at my face . you will see the smile look out of place . look a little bit closer . it 's easy to trace . the track of my tear ... ' ext . jungle - NVA bunker complex - day a overwhelming 103 degree heat . Chris be once more on point , a little better now but obviously struggle with a thick unyield bamboo thicket that force he forward in a caveman crouch . napalm jelly be hang from the tree in great canopy of spider web , obliterate the sky . CHRIS ( v.o. ) New Year 's Day , 1968 . just another day . stay alive . there 's be a lot of movement neat the cambodian border , regiment of NVA move across . a lot of little firefight , ambush , we drop a lot of bomb , then we walk through the napalm like ghost in a landscape ... Chris work he way over twisted , break stump , branch . on the back of he flak jacket he 's write , ' if I die bury I upside down so the whole world can kiss my ass ' . barne pssst ! the signal for silence . Chris freeze . barne edging up to he . barne ( whisper ) bunker ... CHRIS where ? do not see it . follow barne ' imperceptible movement of he head . the bunker , dig into the ground and camouflage with brush , be stare right at he , not more than 20 foot away . Chris be a dead man if ... barne , check the terrain , signal radioman hoyt . barne edging up to the bunker , eye everywhere . Chris follow . the tension build . they come up to the edge of it , peer in . nothing . barne walk around it , slip in from back . Chris cover he , other guy come up now , make a small perimeter . Chris now start to see thing he do not see . right in front of he nose - there be a trench from this bunker to another and another . there be now in he view a complex of bunker and thatched hootches and lean - tos all blend into the forest . a ghost city ... elias and other fan out now , careful ... whisper conversation in the wind . Chris move past a rope with freshly wash laundry stretch between two tree , clothes stir in the wind . he look up as King point out a treehouse , then look down as lerner whisper something and point - NVA rucksack be laid out on the ground in a orderly platoon - size pattern . CUT to : int . NVA bunker - tunnel position - day elias go down into a dangerous - look tunnel , on a rope with a .45 . barne watch he . we sense elias love the danger , smile . ext . NVA bunker - complex - MAIN position - day Lt. wolfe signal manny and Chris out onto the two flank . int . NVA treehouse - day rhah and King explore a treehouse . Rice store . rhah , a experience soldier , seem tense , move cautiously , expect booby trap . ext . NVA bunker - warren' position - day sgt. Warren cautiously explore another bunker , probing a little tunnel in the bottom of it with a stick . Bunny , have a small frame , go down into it , fearless . ext . NVA bunker - manny'' position - day manny , the skinny black boy with the coloured bead , be out on flank - alone , smoking a cigarette , hum . ext . NVA bunker - CHRIS ' position - day on the other flank , Chris , also alone , wait , listen to the sound of the jungle . he too be smoking a cigarette . the eeriness be everywhere . Ray of morning light peek through the cathedral dome of the jungle . Bird call . int . NVA tunnel - day elias climb deeper and deeper into the hole , a rope attach to he waist lead out to the surface , he flashlight now come around on a shaftway demarcate a tunnel that seem to stretch for at least 100 yard . the light revealing cobweb all along it , but tall enough for a small man . ext . CHRIS ' position - day it 's quiet , weird . Chris take he pants down , squat . he think he hear something , tense . there be a soft rustling sound now . and as he focus on it he realize it be come from very close to he . something light and sinuous move over the leave . he look down . a bright yellow and orange-ringed krait viper be crawl right between he two leg . it stop , sense another life stand over it . Chris freeze with dread . the snake crawl on , pull its long , long 15 foot body behind it . on Chris , eye dilate , slowly regain he breath look around everywhere now . int . NVA tunnel - day elias move down the tunnel , fearless . we expect something any moment to come out and nail he but nothing do . he stop . his flashlight revealing a kitchen and a NVA hospital set up . a hammock swing as if someone just desert it . in another hammock be a dead man . elias advance cautiously . ext . NVA bunker - complex - sanderson position - day spec 4 sanderson , the big handsome blond kid , be move through a abandon bunker . with he be sal , a tough street kid with a intense face , all whiskered . sanderson notice now a metal box of 50 - caliber ammo , U.S. mark , half - bury in the ground . sanderson hey look at that . he open the case . official - look document be inside , they glance through they , lighting cigarettes , the search over , successful , they relax . sal ( a worried type ) leave it willya - it 's gook shit . sanderson Nah this stuff 's important . he put the document back in the ammo case , lift it . it 's the last thing he ever do . ext . NVA bunker - sanderson position - day the ensue explosion shake the ground , obliterate both boy , branch , smoke and dust fly out . ext . NVA bunker - CHRIS position - day out on flank , Chris hit the ground , hug it . ext . NVA bunker - complex - sanderson position - day barne run up . Black smoke sweeping through the tree . sal suddenly appear , step out of the smoke , stunne . the front of he body be soak in blood from a thousand shrapnel hole , he clothes shred , he stare at barne , daze . both he arm be go and blood be geyser out like a water fountain . he crumble - dead or die . barne corpsman ! he run over to sal , get a hold of he face in a vicelike grip , enraged , try to yell some sense into he . barne ( directly to sal ) goddamit ! be you fuck kid ever gonna learn ! do not you understand how easy it be to die ! the Doc run up - one look tell we all we need to know . doc Holy Jesus ! ext . NVA bunker complex - MAIN position - day Lt. wolfe , shake , be on the radio with cpt. Harris , word garble through the air , try to describe a primal horror . ext . NVA bunker complex - sanderson position - day barne move through the wreckage - see severe limb stick in a sandbag . ext . NVA bunker complex - MAIN position - day rhah crouch over a piece of leg tie into a hipbone and a rib . ext . NVA bunker complex - day elias come out of the tunnel , filthied . ext . NVA bunker - MAIN position - day elias come abreast of wolfe . elias tell six we need engineer here , this pos . be crawl with trap . wolfe they be on they way ... ( consulting he map ) there 's a gook village half a klik downriver , battalion want we to move in and search it asap , something 's go on ... where 's barne ? int . NVA bunker - sanderson position - day barne be still there in the wreck bunker , squatting there stare as if he mind have disconnect for a moment . he reach up , touch he scar . the look on he face suggest he be deeply wronge by this tragedy , that he be take it very personally . ext . NVA bunker - MAIN position - day Chris watch he from outside the bunker , awed . barne notice Chris watch he , take a breath , stand . barne you gonna sit there and play with yourself Taylor or you gonna be part of my war ... awright , saddle up , let 's go - tubb you get point . the man move into jungle formation , silently . Chris walk over into line , stop for a moment - notice a freshly - severe eyeball partially bury in dirt , stare up at he . he turn away , sicken . ext . NVA bunker complex - MAIN position - day o'neill where 's manny ? warren manny !... hey Buchanan . there be no answer . the man in the platoon start to look at each other , sense more trouble . elias head into the bush after he . barne watch he go . Francis , he friend , and tubb and King follow . francis hey man whatcha do ... where you at ? get you black ass back in here ! ext . NVA bunker complex - manny'' position - day out on the flank position , where he once stand , elias walk out , look . the jungle be silent once again . Francis , tubb , King follow . the other - barne , Lt. wolfe , Warren , Chris , rhah ... francis and other ( whisper loudly ) manny ?... manny ? they voice trail off . Bird cry come back . elias comb the ground for clue ... nothing . Chris look on , can not believe it , none of they can , a collective chill run through the platoon . ext . jungle - day the platoon move downslope in the jungle , they face grim , quiet , deadly . King be on point . CHRIS ( v.o. ) we have to get to the village before dark so we leave elias with some man to keep look and to wait for the engineer ... but it be King who find he ... about 1000 yard downriver , not far from the village - it be the end of the mystery . a move shot approach manny . he 's truss with rope , arm behind he back . Throat cut , eye startle open , mouth shape in a scream of terror . barne , the other man look ... Chris . barne say it for everyone , ' the motherfucker ... ' ext . village - trail - day they come up out of the jungle onto the side of a cart trail , where a tiny village overlook the river . the village be poor , a series of thatched hutch make of c-ration cardboard and aluminum beer can siding , faint whiff of smoke come from cook fire . Pigs and dog wander about . a old villager watch they pass from he tillable plot , smoking a cigarette , one leg wrap around he hoe , rest , no expression . CHRIS ( v.o. ) ... the village , which have stand for maybe a thousand year , do not know we be come that day . if they have they would have run ... barne be at the eye of we rage - and through he , we Captain ahab - we would set thing right again . that day we love he ... a pig loiter along the trail , root . Bunny come up on it with a smile . bunny hey pig , pig - come here , pig , pig . the pig grunt . Bunny leveling he shotgun , fire point blank . a horrible squeal . Chris , directly behind he , look disgust . ext . village - day tony suddenly point , excited , call to barne . tony there go one ! they Pov - a young villager flee down the slope . barne do not hesitate , nail he with a short volley of well - place shot . barne ( to tony ) check he out . he turn back into the village . ext . village - day troops fan out over the village , some two dozen villager scatter to collect they child , dog bark . sgts .o'neil and warren get they out ! get they out ! ext . village tunnel - day in another part of the village , barne hover over a hole lead into some kind of tunnel . barne get out of there you fuckhead move ! move ! fire a warning shot . Three villager climb out of the spider hole , arm raise , but not show any emotion . barne turn to he radioman hoyt and Big harold accompany . barne ( to harold ) put them in the pig pen . ( to hoyt ) there 's more down there . gimme you willy Pete . hoyt , with reluctance in he eye , hand over a specially shape grenade . barne stand over the hole , the grenade in hand . the three villager who just come out of the hole , yell from the distance , to other still in the tunnel , plead with they to come out . barne FIRE in the hole ! barne throw the phosphorus in . a mute explosion . then sizzling acidic fume . frying sound . a hideous scream from somewhere deep in the hole . hoyt , watch , be sicken . barne businesslike . the villager , in grief , howl and tear at they face . fu sheng ( hustling up to barne ) sarge , we find some shit ! barne go with he . ext . village - outside hutch - day the sun be sittin there hot and high in the sky . Chris , strangling in heat , a dement look on he face , stagger into a hutch with Francis . int . hutch - village - day threadbare , poor , a typical Buddhist shrine in the corner , mote of light crisscross through the poor matting and c- ration side . Chris edge over , pries up a floorboard , flip it over , scared . there 's a tunnel inside . a long dark dangerous hole . CHRIS La dai ! La dai ! get the fuck outta there ! francis hey take it easy man . they be scared . CHRIS they be scared ? what about I ! I be sick of this shit man , I be sick of this shit ! they do not want we here ! who do you think they be fight for ! get outta there ! Francis do not recognize he in he rage . Bunny now come in , follow by o'neill , draw by the shouting . ext . village - weapon cache - day barne stare down at a weapon cache bury cleverly underneath the rice urn . Ace , fu sheng , sgt. Warren , Lt. wolfe , other , be digging it out . it 's in white plastic wrapping - a load of AK - 47' , rocket , grenade , claymore , carbine , flare , NVA uniform . a real find . sgt . warren ( to barne ) ... and over here there 's enough rice to feed a whole fuckin ' regiment ... barne walk with he over to a undercover rice silo be dig out by tubb and junior . barne look it over . barne ( to Warren ) ... bring the honcho over here . ( to tubb and junior ) burn it . int . hutch - village - day a Old woman and she Son , a young man with one leg , throw up they hand , climb out of the hole with stupid confuse look as Chris , shaking with he own sort of confusion and rage , cuff they , hustling they out . the Young man use a pair of crutch for he blow - off limb , hobbling like a mangy three - legge dog . bunny hey look at this ! ma and pa kettle here . look at they - greasy gook motherfucker ! CHRIS get up out of there !... you see I do not wanna hurt you . why do not you come out , when I say so hunh ! why ? why ! why ? don't you listen ... what be you smiling at hunh ! fucking asshole ! the couple , hand raise , mutter thing in vietnamese , do not understand a word , shaking they head stupidly and smile that impassive Oriental smile which send Chris into a rage only he can understand . his finger close on the trigger of he 16 . Francis , the baby - face black , look nervously , sense the danger ... Bunny amused , draw in by Chris . o' neill watch passively from the lip of the hutch . the Young man continue to grin , not seem to realize the degree of danger he 's in , which be what Chris want - a token sign of acquiescence . there be also the add element of show off he manhood in front of a audience now . bunny do them man , do them . Chris . the trigger . he pull . but he can not quite bring himself to kill . the bullet explode in the dirt at the edge of the young man 's foot . CHRIS ( demonic ) dance you one - legged motherfucker , dance !!! the Young man hop up and down in a reflex fear of the sound of the bullet as they thud into the dirt . yet he eye remain fix on Chris in wonderment . Chris , fire out the magazine , seem to expend he bloodlust . he cease , notice - for the first time - the eye of the Young man . they be not stupid - nor fearful - but fill with resignation and despair - a despair that Chris , in disgust of himself , recognize . Chris lower the rifle , silent . the Young man 's impassive face shine now with tear . that sad young look - as if death itself would have be a release . Chris turn he eye away , a awkward sense of shame . francis ( leave ) let 's get out of here man . but Bunny take up the slack , move forward on the young man . bunny ( to Chris ) you chickenshit man , they be laugh at you , look at they face . that 's the way a gook laugh . the Young man nodd affable to Bunny and mumble ingratiate word in vietnamese . bunny yeah sure you be , you be real sorry be not you . you be just cry out you heart about Sandy and sal and manny - they be laugh at we ! they family be out there in the fuck bush blow we away and they be laugh at we ! o'neill ( check out the hutch ) forget it will ya , let 's go ... Chris stand there , watch , sense something awful be go to come and unable to do anything about it . it come - suddenly and without warning . Bunny be look at o'neill , the vietnamese couple be mutter something . in one fluid move , Bunny swivel and with unbelievable savagery club the young one - legge man in the side of the head with the butt of he 16 . o'neill ( stunne ) hey what be you do ! bunny fucker ! the young man be groan on the floor of the hutch . Bunny smashes he - again and again . bunny that 's for Sandy ! and this be for sal ! and this be for fuck manny ! this be for I ! Chris watch , horrify . never in he life have he see something so horrifying as this . and yet he do nothing . he be part of it . bunny ( step back , examine what 's leave of the head , amaze ) wow ! you see he fuck head come apart ? look at that ... I never see brain like that before . Jesus fuck Christ ... the Old Lady be shriek , hover over the body of she son . Bunny study she . bunny betcha the old bitch run the whole show . probably help cut manny 's throat . probably cut my ball off if she could . ( to Chris ) come on , man , let 's do she . she cower from he . Chris step back , horrify . as be o'neill , more puzzle than horrify . bunny ( hit she again ) let 's zap all this motherfucker ! let 's do the whole village ! he back out of the hutch , scared . evidently Bunny be temporarily insane . but he spot o'neill , yell at he . bunny get back here you fucking coward o'neill . this be for sandy ... this be for sandy man ! and sal ! and manny ! as he club she to death . on Chris ' face , blood and brain tissue fly up into it . ext . central area - village - day a tiny knot of man be ringed around barne who be question a sturdy - look man who be the village chief . he have be stripped of he shirt , scar all over he body , scared . he have he id papers out , tremble , show they to lerner who speak some pidgen vietnamese . barne where would he get this wound ? lerner translate , the man talk back . lerner he say he be hit in a bombing raid . tony he 's a dink of sure . barne ask he what the weapon be do here ? lerner he say they have no choice . the NVA kill the old honcho when he say no . he say the rice be theirs . barne bullshit ... who the hell be the dink we just nail on the riverbank ? Chris and o'neill come up , watch . other come from different place - sense the narrowing drama . but half the platoon be still at work in the village . we hear shout , grenade explosion , occasionally gunfire . lerner ... he say he do not know , NVA have not be around in a couple of month . maybe it be a scout or ... the man around barne grumble . barne yeah sure it be . what about all that fuck rice and the weapon ... who they for ? ( look at the Village Chief ) cocksucker know what I be say ... do not you pop ? ( a blank look ) ace you be goddamn right he do ! lerner translate . the Village Chief 's wife be now on the scene , a middle - age woman with angry feature , yell at lerner try to answer for she husband , a high -pitch barrage of indignant word direct mostly at barne , and intersperse with the spitting of she betel nut on the ground . the Village Chief try to talk she down . but thing be definitely get out of control . and the heat from the sun be only aggravate the situation , pound down on the actor in the drama , they fatigue soak in sweat and anger . lerner ( finally ) he swear he do not know anything ! he hate the NVA but they come when they want and ... junior he 's lie through he tooth ! tony waste the fucker , then see who talk . barne what 's the bitch say ? lerner ( overwhelm ) she 's go on , I do not know - why be we shoot the pig , they be farmer ... they get to make a live , all that crap ... the woman be still ranting when barne turn to she , quite casually level he m - 16 , and put a bullet in she head . she go down as if pole -ax . a stunne pause . the Chief look at he wife . the villager in background reacting . wolfe look ... Chris look , shocked . Doc , possibly the straightest of they all , very uncomfortable . they be all shocked in some way , but do nothing against the power of barne . barne walk over to the pig pen with the other villager , very casually , confront they . barne ( to lerner ) tell he he talk or I be gonna waste more of them . lerner shake up , mutter to the Village Chief who be in shock , kneel next to the body of he wife , mutter in a high whine of pain . barne go ahead , lerner , ask he . a group of villager huddle to one side . lerner , shake , be yell at all of they , demand a answer . lerner they do not know sarge , they do not know ! ( half believe it ) barne turn he attention on the other villager , he intention apparent . everybody feel they . they be next . barne be unperturb , very much in command of the situation , no rage , no emotion express . Chris have never see such a thing in he life - but can not react . can not stop it , just watch it like he 's not quite there . the same go for Lieutenant wolfe , for all of they . the very outrageousness of barne ' kill seem to quell all protest . ace ( sense the impending massacre ) hey sarge can we get in on this . tony advance , the hairy italian kid from Boston . tony let 's go all the way , let 's go for it ! let 's do the whole fuck village . come on , sarge . Chris ' eye ... rodriguez next to he , be neutral but willing . Francis be hesitant . fu sheng and junior be ready to go for it . Lt. wolfe be powerless , freeze . sgt. Warren step up . the massacre be just about to break . the villager know it , kneel in prayer , mutter . barne suddenly grab and drag a young 19 year - old woman , the Village Chief 's daughter , across the pen , throw she down on she knee , in front of the stunne Village Chief . she 's scream . barne this he daughter , right ? lerner nod . barne pull he .45 , put it alongside she head . barne ( to Village Chief ) you lie ... you vee cee ... I caca ado vee cee ! he chamber the .45 , the woman begging barne for she life , cradling he knee . he stick the gun down above she skull . Chris want to cry out , to do something - but can not ! a figure suddenly flare out in the sun , advance on they . it be elias . elias barne !! barne look around . they all look around . elias walk right up to he , follow by he man - King , rhah , Crawford , other from the rear party . he look around . the corpse of the wife ... the Young daughter sobbing . elias what the fuck you do ! barne ( piss ) stay out of this elias . this be not you show . elias you ain 't a firing squad , you piece of shit !! the stock of he rifle swing up fast and hard smack barne full in the face , break two tooth . barne stagger back , hurt , bleed . elias be on he like a leopard . batter he with he fist . they struggle in the dust , two titan , they face equally consume with rage , claw , spitting , punch , kick , pound each other 's skull in the dirt . a dust storm swirl around they , the man close around like excited ape at a bloodfeast . most of the man seem to be pull for barne - Chris just watch neutral . lieutenant wolfe break it up ! elias ! barne ! but they roll on , smash each other 's face in . both quick , fast , agile , mean fighter . sgt . o'neill and Warren drag they apart . barne you be dead , you be fuck dead elias ! elias you - you be go to fuckin ' jail , buddy , you be not get away with this one !!!!! wolfe all right ! all right ! all right !!! now break it up . let' go ... they compose themselves , the villager look on , grieve over they loss . wolfe alright , six say torch this place ! blow the weapon in place . round up all suspect vee cee and shake it up ! we be not get much light leave . elias ( to wolfe ) why the fuck do not you do something Lieutenant ! wolfe what be you talk about ! ( turn away , go about he business ) elias ( spin he around ) you know what I be talk about ! wolfe no I do not . I do not know what the fuck you be talk about , elias ! ( go ) who want to be remind ? a silence of shame . the Men move away , Warren , Ace , tony , rodriguez , barne look back once , a cold glare . the Village Chief be a broken-look man , huddle over he wife 's body . elias stand there , frustrated . Chris glance at he , move out . ext . SMALL village - day a zippo cigarette lighter with the engrave initial : ' from mai lin to my Bunny Boy ' . it spark a thick flare as Bunny light the dry straw on the roof of the hutch where he kill the Old woman and Young Boy . they leg stick out at the threshold . the hooch burn fast , aid by the strong sun . Bunny watch with awe . ext . SMALL village - day sgt. Warren and rodriguez lighting another hooch on fire . ext . village rice store - day fu sheng yell ' FIRE in the hole ! ' throw white phosphorus into the rice store . ext . village - weapon cache - day barne and huffmeister , a big german kid from Texas , be lay the cord to blow the weapon cache . ext . SMALL village - well - day Adams and parker be poisoning the well with a white phosphorus grenade : ' FIRE in the hole ! ' ext . SMALL village - day wolfe , Ace , tubb , Warren , rogriguez rope the dozen suspected villager together to take they back for question . elias watch the villager mourn they loss . in the background , explosion , hooch pop with flame , the yell of the violation of the Village wind down . ext . SMALL village - day Chris wander through this wreckage in the sun , like a daze visitor from another planet , not believe it . he see something , go towards it - know what it be . ext . village - edge of woodline - day Hidden at the edge of the woodline , King hand back a bowl of grass to rhah , the chief head . they be puffing away . king whew ! - where that come from ? rhah found it . grow in a garden . king ( smoke ) sheeit , beat burn hutch anyway ... they meditatively look out at the Village - burn hutch send up spiral of smoke . shout . Shots . Chaos . rhah yeah - stone 's the way to be ... ext . village - ditch - day in a ditch run alongside the Village , partially conceal by foliage and anthill , tony , morehouse , and the ubiquitous Bunny have a 12 - year -old vietnamese girl pin to the ground , gag and squirming , naked . they be fuck she to death . junior look on , both curious and disgust , but do not take part . tony take she up the ass ... as they roll she over , like excited dog in heat . Chris , come up , see they head dip up and down on the other side of the anthill , know what they be do . he make a conscious decision to do something . he run over . CHRIS let her go ! you hear I ! you asshole ! let her go ! he stride right into they , shove they off hard . the girl be in tear . tony what the fuck you want - she 's a dink . CHRIS no - you stupid fuck ... don 't ... don 't ... you too bunny . morehouse . off ! no ! don 't ... don 't ! he seem disconnect , daze by the sun , like he 's talk to dog - loud , repetitive word come out of a anger he can barely control , try to restore some sanity to a world go totally nut today . do not they understand ? do not they have any sense of a mind ? any kind of decency ? the Men look at he as if he 's the one who 's go nut , not they . Bunny look at morehouse look at tony look at junior . the irony be lose on they , as Chris push through to help the poor girl put she scanty clothes back on . CHRIS ( to the girl ) it 's okay ... it 's okay ... elias appear behind Bunny and the other , see what 's happen . he signal they to move out . elias get outta here . the man grumble and slink off quietly . elias watch as ... Chris help she to she foot , wounded in the intestine , she can barely stand , blood soaking in she nether region . Chris sling she up as gently as he can and carry she . CHRIS ( as if to himself ) it 's okay , it 's okay ... ext . village - pig pen - day near the pig pen , a dozen suspect be be lead away on rope by tubb , Warren , rodriguez . the other leave behind look back at they village in ruin , home burn , livestock dead or scattered , belonging throw and break in the dirt . baby wail , the adult squat there on they heel watch with absolutely no trace of outward emotion . past this bosch -like canvas , Chris - carry the girl - walk daze by the horror of this long afternoon . ext . village trail - day the soldier depart the village . a huge explosion now rock the earth and send a spray of smoke into the blue sky as the weapon cache explode in stage that sound like the end of the world . ext . perimeter # 2 - jungle - late afternoon dusk the company be digging into another overnight perimeter on a ridge with a view of the Valley where the Village be . c- ration fire all around the perimeter . ext . company cp - dusk - morning at the company , elias , Captain Harris , barne , Lt. wolfe be huddle . Close on Harris , look from face to face , assume a judicial attitude . captain harris ... and you Lieutenant ? lieutenant wolfe I do not see anything sir . elias I do . lieutenant wolfe that dink be report to I as NVA sir by sergeant barne . sergeant barne . squirrele out of any responsibility . elias my report sir , will include Lt. wolfe as be witness to the shoot ... captain harris all right , elias . sergeant barne , I want a report from you ... barne you get it sir - and I can throw in plenty of eye-witness if you want sir ... harris not now . we will get into this when we get back to base camp . right now I need every man in the field , I want you guy to stick together ... elias ? barne ?... you hear I ? this be no time for fight with each other . ( pause , they nod ) tomorrow we be go back into that bunker complex - from the east. ( continue ) first platoon will lead ... Brigade think they might be back there tomorrow . that 's all ... get some rest . ( turn away ) barne , elias eye each other and move off . ext . perimeter # 2 - dusk wolfe walk alongside barne . wolfe do not worry about it sergeant , he will not be able to prove a thing , he 's a troublemaker but ... barne be obviously worried , although he do not let on . barne elias ' a waterwalker ... like they politician in Washington . want to fight they war with one hand tie round they ball . ai not no time or need for a courtroom out here ... wolfe leave he as barne turn into he foxhole where Bunny and o'neill await he anxiously . o'neill how would it go . banre shrug . bunny thataway sarge , fuckin' elias man , fuckin ' squeal that 's what he be , gonna get everybody in the platoon in shit . somebody oughta fix he ass ... barne fix he coffee . o'neill ( worried ) gonna be a investigation or something Bob ? barne say nothing , a cryptic look . o' neill worried , Bunny , take he cue from barne , slap he on the back . bunny ya worry too much o'neill ... ext . perimeter # 2 - CHRIS ' position - dusk elsewhere on the perimeter , Chris be digging out a foxhole with rhah , as King and lerner prepare the C 's for dinner . rhah I know barne six month and I will tell ya something - that man be mean , red in he soul like a dick on a dog . king barne get kill , he jaw would go on clack ... CHRIS where 's he from ? rhah barne come from Hell . lerner Tennessee someplace . Hill country . rhah barne take a bullet right there . at ia drang Valley ... ( point to he forehead ) and the cocksucker survive - that 's baaad man . that 's he high , baby . High on war ! his eye flare out dramatically . Chris , enthralled in spite of himself . king he do a year in Japan in the hospital , then when he get out , the first thing he do be re-up . four year he be in the field ... rhah ... and you know how many time he do be shot ? ( Chris shake he head ) Seven time ! ( with he finger ) Seven . CHRIS and he still want to come back ? lerner do a pee wee wanna take a wee wee ? rhah the good Lord work he revenge in strange way . king yeah , you do say it . revenge on US . CHRIS do he have a metal plate in he head ? rhah ( smile ) you mean he 's crazy ? no more crazy and the rest of we be out in the bush too long . lerner well he be not normal that 's of sure . rhah that 's what he be ... baaaa ! his hand flash forward in front of Chris . ' hate ' be write across the leave hand knuckle in a sloppy , purplish - black tatoo . Chris look at it . rhah ... and he 's filled with it . he 's roam this jungle look for little yellow devil to kill . remember the Devil do God 's work too . ( pause ) ... and this here 's elias ... baaaa ! the other knuckle be out - ' love ' tattooe across it . rhah smile he crazy smile . Chris stare fascinate at the two knuckle side by side . a moment on he face . king Love , yeah ! lerner ( make a cuckoo sign ) here we go again with the crazy preacher stuff . rhah see too many movie . rhah baaa , get no time to go to the movie . Love and hate too busy fight for possession of my soul . CHRIS where 's elias come from ? rhah ( interject ) ' lias come naturally . lerner ... do not know . done some time . Heard he work the oil well in Oklahoma , make some bread and wash up in El Lay . king yeah , get marry to some crazy El Lay bitch , a actress or somethin' , she blow all he bread - lsd , gurus , all that California shit , and then she turn he into the cop on a drug rap . rhah not the only man to meet he Jezebel either . king so he get a reduce and come over here . nam 's he freedom man , nam 's he pussy . Three year he be here . CHRIS Three year , Jesus , he 's crazy as barne ... king well sometimes a man jes don ' wanna go back . how you gonna talk to civilian man ? people back in the world just do not give a shit , y'k now what I mean , to they you be a fuckin ' animal be all - lerner ( to Chris ) I be home on leave y'know and everybody 's just worried ' bout make money , everybody 's out for themselves , they do not even want to talk about it man , it 's like the fuck twilight Zone back there - you would not even know there 's a war on here . my sister say to I why you have to go there like I start this ... rhah baaaa ! fuck it , they sell we out - so what ! what would you ' all expect ? civilian life be phoney bullshit man . they be robot man - watchin ' dopey television and drivin ' dopey car , and they fuck up , nobody die . that 's all right , you keep fuckin ' up , politician keep lyin' . Cause it do not really matter . do not mean shit . so what ! whatcha want - a parade ! fuck that too ! no war time no grunt never get no respect . till he be dead - and even then ! you be fight for yourself man ! you be fight for you soul , that 's all . remember that . and it 's some goddamn battle too - if you 'se a man , wrestle with that angel ... ( swing he entrench tool in a rhythmic chain - gang style ) ... Love and hate - the whole shitbang show , that 's the story then and now and it be not hardly gonna change ... ext . perimeter # 2 - jungle - night the star be out in magnificent splendor . a breeze rustling through the tree . ext . perimeter # 2 - CHRIS ' position - night Chris be turn in he sleep , perturb , writhe . the whisper be more and more urgent . death be all around . he shoot up out of he poncho liner as if shot , stunne . scare . look around . all be quiet . Men sleep . elias be huddle in he poncho on guard next to he foxhole . Chris join he , sit , wiping the sleep from he eye . CHRIS ... I can not sleep , why do not you get some sack time . elias ... do not feel like it either . CHRIS ... beautiful night . elias yeah . I love this place at night . the star ... there 's no right or wrong in they , they be just there . CHRIS that 's a nice way of put it . elias cuff a joint , keep its glow hide in the dark . a pause , both of they meditative . CHRIS barne get it in for you , do not he ? elias ( philosophically ) barne believe in what he 's do . CHRIS and you , do you believe ? elias in ' 65 - yeah . now ... ( pause ) no . what happen today 's just the beginning . we be gonna lose this war ... CHRIS ( surprised ) you really think so ... we ? elias ' eye seem to go to some inner place , he passion surging . elias ... we be kick other people 's ass so long I guess it 's time we get we own kick . the only decent thing I can see come out of here be the survivor - hundred of thousand of guy like you Taylor go back to every little town in the country know something about what it 's like to take a life and what that can do to a person 's soul - twist it like barne and Bunny and make them sick inside and if you get any brain you gonna fight it the rest of you life cause it 's cheap , kill be cheap , the cheapest thing I know and when some drunk like o'neill start glorify it , you be gonna puke all over he and when the politician start sell you a use war all over again , you and you generation gonna say go fuck yourself ' cause you know , you have see it , and when you know it , deep down there ... he plant he fist in Chris ' gut , expel he breath such be the force of the blow - like a power pass between they . elias ... you know it till you die ... that 's why the survivor remember . ' Cause the dead do not let they forget . his eye blaze , relive the death in the village , lick the wound for the platoon , mourn the failure of its heroism . Chris look at he , a little awed by he intensity . elias look away , embarrassed that he have sermonize , look back at the star . elias oh shit ! sometimes there 's thing in my head ... man . grass do that to I , fuck I all up like a crazy indian ... CHRIS do you believe that stuff about ... know you be gonna die ? elias yeah , that be the guy that live . I really do not think death give a shit , it 's like a giant garbage can , I think it take whatever it can get ... you never know where it 's gonna come from anyway ... so why spin you wheel ? he shrug , a certain bravado mask he own uncertainty . CHRIS ... you ever think about reincarnation , all that stuff ? a lightning quick movement follow . elias ' hand pass over he face like a mime , a click of the finger and he lean closer to Chris . a new expression on he face . Devil 's eye , mock child , danger in he soul , excitement , sex - the elias that Chris see in the smoking session in base camp . Chris smile , suck in , almost laugh and then the face be go again . elias sure , go on all the time . maybe a piece of I 's in you now , who know . but when you die - really die - that 's a big return ticket . ( soft ) I like to think I be gonna come back as ... as wind or fire - or a deer ( like the image ) ... yeah , a deer ... he smile at the think . Chris look at he , look away . a shoot star fall suddenly and dryly through the cosmos . they eye . ext . jungle - stream - day ( rain ) the platoon move along a shallow stream border the jungle . a thick rain fall amid crack of distant thunder . Chris , rhah , Francis , Big harold , other be at the rear of the platoon , they ponchos pull over they like big sad grey tent . there 's a holdup ahead and the Men rest on rock or stand . the rain make a pointilistic pattern , the man collage of grey , they rifle sling upside down to keep dry . barne be up ahead , out of the stream bank , on the radio . ext . jungle church - day ( rain ) lerner 's on point , rest in the shadow of a decaye old french Catholic Church from the 19th century . the jungle have long ago win the battle , vine creep into the crack , remnant of arch layer around the church at the epicenter . behind lerner be sgt. Warren and he radioman . ext . jungle clearing - day ( rain ) elias , further back , be check out the jungle alongside the clear , notice a number of old spider hole long since abandon . he go over and check they . ext . jungle - stream - day ( rain ) back at the stream , rhah , look old and whiskered under he poncho hood , light up a roach , puff it . another crack of thunder . Chris come over , sit with he on he rock . rhah pass he the joint . he smoke . Big harold pull a leech out of he open crotch area . harold shit , lookit this little fucker try to get up mar glory hole . francis hey Big harold , put that in you turkey loaf it will not come out you back end . king ( ribbing ) yeah , big boy , think you have that laundry gig all laid out ? big harold ( piss ) shit , get to paint myself white get one of dem job . get mar request in for a circumcision . king gonna be a rabbi man ? francis gonna cut you pecker down to size hunh Big harold ? big harold dat 's okay wid I , better to have a small one de no one at all . king you girlfriend gonna look for new lover , man . best thing a bro 's get 's he flap . harold I will drink to you flap in Chicago , King . all I gotta do be stretch it out to 15 day and I will be short 15 and the Beast just would not dare send I back to the bush . francis you gonna get some for I back in the World , harold ? whatcha gonna do ? ( dream of it ) harold the world 's gonna be mar oyster man . first 's I gonna eat - all the hamburger and french fries and steak soak in onion and ketchup I can get . then I 'se gonna fuck and suck Sandy Bell till I sore all over and can not fuck no more , and de I 'se gonna sleep for day , for week ! de I 'se gonna think bout what come next ... the word carry over Chris stare out at the rain , feel a leaden fatigue high . pass the roach , down to a millimeter , back to rhah who point to he face . rhah ... you get one right there . Chris feel for , find the leech on the edge of he lip , cursing under he breath . lieutenant wolfe ( in the stream , on radio ) all right move out . the man start slogging on against the rain . junior be drink from the stream , as fu sheng pass . fu sheng do not drink that asshole . you be gonna get malaria . junior shit I hope so ! ext . jungle - church - day ( rain ) on point , lerner move out through a remnant of a old arch , somewhat casual in he approach to point . lerner hey sarge , you wanna tell I which way or do I get to figger it out ? sgt. Warren , pick up a quick azimuth on he lensatic compass , point . lerner move in the new direction . ext . jungle - day ( rain ) lerner move away from the clear , work up a slight incline when the machine gun FIRE erupt out of the jungle , spin he - throw he into the dirt like discard garbage . the man be down , yell . sgt . warren ambush ! incoming ! Fucking income ! suddenly a rpg rocket break out of the bush , sounding like a atom bomb as it devastate the front of the platoon . Radio talk be continuous now , back and forth between the three platoon radio , through the ambush . o'neill doc , up here ! lerner 's hit !... more machine gun fire . francis doc ! over here - we get ... one ... two down . Warren 's hit . ext . jungle - church - day ( rain ) Chris move up with rhah and the other out of the stream , they hit the ground next to sgt. o'neill , who look pretty scared , obviously not about to move . CHRIS what 's go on ? o'neill shit they get rpg 's on we ass . Fucking ambush - they be wait for we to break trail ! king watch out ! rocket ! another rocket whistling in . a huge roar . tree shred , dirt , dust rise . CHRIS who 's on point ? o'neill lerner and Warren . Chris use he m - 16 to lever himself up into a crouch and suddenly dash forward , pass rhah . rhah where you goin ' man ! Chris tear up . past flash - the hip black head with the color bead . he 's dead , tear and shred , he face and eye stuff with dirt . next to he Doc be frantically tourniquete tubb , shot in the leg . he 's scream . Chris keep move to the front as if compel . ext . jungle - barne ' position - day ( rain ) barne be lay out fire . barne goddamit , you asshole get fuck ' firepower out there ! ( to hoyt on radio ) get two bravo up here . get I a gun . ( to other ) spread it out ! more to the flank ! look for a fuckin ' target ! another explosion . ext . jungle - forward point - day ( rain ) Chris come alongside Francis near the point , throw himself down . bang he head against he helmet as he fall . the income round be tear up the front of the platoon . CHRIS ( to Francis ) where 's lerner ? francis ( terrify ) out there man - behind the log . look . a body - moan , sort of move , wriggle , as if try to escape the pain . CHRIS oh Jesus ! his eye move to sgt. Warren lie alongside a tree - calmly try to stack he intestine back into he rupture stomach . another rpg come in . Chris make a conscious decision , move up - bit by bit , shield himself with tree stump , ant hill , lay out fire , try to get closer to lerner . Francis follow he progress , bug-ey . fu sheng now come up with he m- 60 - harold he loader , belt of ammo flap against they body . he fire from the hip , provide cover fire for Chris , then pop down . ext . forward point - jungle - day ( drizzling rain ) Chris , fire out another magazine , crawl closer to lerner , try to ascertain if he 's still alive . CHRIS lerner ! lerner , can you hear I man ? lerner groan . a fresh burst of AK fire rake the area . lerner jerk spasmodically with the impact of the round . Chris spot the sniper . in a hole in the ground . twenty - five meter off . snap the magazine out of he AK to reload . a live gook . Chris tear off a volley at he but the gook disappear in the hole . this be the moment , Chris realize it , it 's now or never if Chris intend to get the gook . he 's get to make a move before the man have reload he weapon . he pull he grenade , pop the pin . he let the spoon fly off , activate the grenade- timer , as he hump to he foot and run for the gook hole , concentrate , concentrate . that head be go to pop up any second with a freshly - load weapon and tear he head off . Chris will not make it back to the hole . the throw have to be perfect . he will not get another chance . he heave the frag , drop and roll away . the throw be perfect , the golden arc of flight from the outfield nail the baserunner . it twist cleanly in the hole . the explosion muffle but deadly . Chris scramble to he foot , a look of almost total surprise on he face . he can not seem to believe he do it . point he m - 16 before he , he advance on the hole , look over the muzzle to see the badly - mangle NVA man twisted at the bottom . Chris hurry over to lerner . he 's in bad shape , hit in several place , vaguely conscious . CHRIS gator ! gator ! ( lerner groan ) I be gonna get you out man . you be gonna be okay gator ... okay ? fu sheng lay out fire to protect they , harold split off to get more ammo . Chris get lerner to he foot , haul he back with all he strength , past Francis ... ext . jungle - wolfe's position - day ( rain ) Lt. wolfe seem disorientate , struggle with the rain water wash off he map , try to read the coordinate for a arty fire mission . wolfe ( into the radio ) redleg , redleg ... ripper bravo two actual . Fire mission . grid six - four - niner ... four-zero-two . direction six-one-zero-zero . dink dig in bunker . danger close . adjust fire , over ... radio voice rog , two bravo . solid copy , stand by for shot , out . ace Sir , bravo Three be inbound from the Sierra whiskey . should be here in two zero mike if and they don ' hit any shit . wolfe fuckin ' a ! elias run up to he . Fire all around , income and outgo , make they yell to each other . elias lootenant , they be kickin we ass , they know we be gonna bring heavy shit on them pretty soon so they be gonna get in tight under the arty . I spot a cut run around to the leave . lemme take some man and roll up that flank ... ( point ) I can work right up on them ... wolfe unsure , look up for the artillery . wolfe ( to Ace ) get I barne ... I do not know ' lias , we get four down up there , if I split you off , we ... elias grab a stick , urgent , start draw they position in the dirt for wolfe . elias look , lootenant ... wolfe look up , relieved as barne splashes into the cp group . Thunder peal . barne ( yell at wolfe and Ace ) where the fuck be red platoon ! tell them to get they ass up here ! what the fuck you doin ' back here elias ? round up you asshole and move them up front , we be get chop to shit . elias ( yell back ) barne , listen to I ... there 's 5 - 6 spiderhole back there ( point ) next to the church . ( draw it into the ground as he talk ) third platoon 's come up the stream to reinforce we . flank 's wide open , dink get 3 - 4 sniper in this hole , when third platoon come up , they will get we in a crossfire with them . we will shoot each other to shit , then they will hit we with everything they get . it will be a massacre ! barne look at the draw . wolfe sound pretty far out to I ' lias . elias maybe but I see it happen at ia drang in ' 66 , first cavalry and they cut we to fuckin ' piece ! ( back to barne ) give I three man , if I be wrong , I can still roll up that flank . barne ( a look ) take off , but keep you radio here . elias go , stop , look at barne ... elias ... you keep pour out that suppress fire , barne . I do not wanna be catch out there with my ass hang out you hear I ? barne do not tell I how to fight this fuck war , ' lias , you go cry to fuck brigade on you time . out here you belong to I . now move . a look . elias go fast . more thunder peal . as the 155 mm howitzer - sounding like deep tom -tom some three mile distant - beat out they shell . a ominous sound . closer . ace Sir ! shot out . arty 's on the way ! barne ( hurry back to the front ) get that asshole o'neill up here willya ! ext . jungle - fu sheng position - day fu sheng be lay out fire when he sense something , look up . the artillery shell sound too close . get bigger and bigger on the horizon . too big , too loud . a groan of fear on he face , then knowledge . then ... a huge explosion engulf he . ext . jungle - harold position - day ( rain ) big harold short round ! it 's short , man ! they fuckin ' get fu sheng ! barne ! over here ! ext . jungle - day ( rain ) barne hearing it , start forward . another huge shell start to whistle in on they . barne that fuckin ' idiot ! it explode . this be about three time the intensity of the rpg . the jungle floor shake , tree splinter . barne be knock to he knee , grimace in pain . hoyt , barne ' radio operator , scream out as a fist-size chunk of hot shrapnel stick in he back . he 's screeching , frantically try to shuck the radio from he back , he fatigue shirt smoking . barne jerk the radio off hoyt 's back , knock the man to he knee and unsheathes he bayonet . ripping off the back of he shirt , barne set to digging out the shrapnel . ext . morehouse's position - day ( rain ) morehouse be decimate by a third explosion , chunks of shrapnel whirring like battleax into the tree trunk . ext . jungle - harold position - day ( rain ) Big harold be tear blindly away from the front , helmet go , rifle drag in the mud when he stumble , sprawling face down . he jump up , look back , see now the wire over which he trip . it take a second to register . he share a look with Bunny who 's already on the ground . bunny satchel charge ! get down ! harold go for the ground the same instant the satchel explode . ext . jungle - church - day ( rain ) Chris , further back , dump lerner with Doc who 's get more than he can handle . CHRIS take care of he doc! please ! Doc look at he , a dark look of hopelessness . lerner be a mess , groan , reach for Chris ' hand . lerner ... do not ... do not leave I man ... a look between they . rhah interject . rhah Taylor - get you ass over here . move ! CHRIS hang tough , gator . hang in there , man , you be gonna be ok ... just hang on . feeling like a liar , peel the man 's hand off he , leave he there look numb . Chris be shake , lerner 's blood all over he . he tear out after rhah , link up with elias and Crawford . elias motion they to hurry . another huge artillery round explode out to the front . ext . jungle - o'neill position - day ( rain ) sgt. o'neill , scared out of he mind , hugging the earth , try to crawl into a small cut in the ground but find it occupy by a cring junior . ext . jungle - wolfe's position - day ( rain ) barne rush up out of the forest like Achilles , tower in he rage , at Lieutenant wolfe , rip he handset from he as the Lieutenant read off the coordinate off he map . barne you ignorant asshole ! - what the fuck coordinate you give ! you kill a bunch of people with that fuck up fire mission ! you know that ?... ah shit ! wolfe stare at he , open-mouthed . disgust , barne hunker down to read the coordinate from he own map into the handset . barne redleg Romeo .. ripper bravo two . check you fire , check fire , you be short on we pos ! I say again , check you fuckin ' fire !... from registration point , add one five zero , leave five zero , fire for effect ! New income fire drown out barne . ext . jungle - elias ' position - day elias - a defiant look on he face - move fast but cautiously back across the Church landmark . Chris follow then rhah and Crawford . the rain have now settle into a mist hugging the ground . elias move it ! move it ! elias come to a stop , look . behind they we hear the sound of battle , gaug they distance from the main body . the spider hole be still empty . but he listen , sense something out there get closer . elias they be come ... Chris look at rhah . how do he know ? elias point out a imaginary line across the break mist . elias stagger yourselves across this line , shoot anything that move . they will be come from here . rhah ( team leader ) gotcha . elias one of they get through it 's curtain . rhah where you go ? elias down along the river ' bout 100 metre , ' case they try to flank we there . third platoon 's come up on we rear so watch for them . CHRIS I will go with you . elias no ... I move faster alone . ( a grin ) elias , he pack stripped , be go , like a fleet leaf , vanish into the jungle . rhah ( string they out ) okay Crawford - over here . Taylor - down twenty yard behind that tree . ext . jungle - wolfe's position - day ( mist ) barne have finish correct the fire mission , hurl the handset back at wolfe , a wild look in he eye , study the income fire . make a decision . barne let 's move back , link up with Three . let the arty do a little work . ( to Ace on radio , ignore wolfe ) push two Alpha and two Charlie . tell them to haul ass and re-group at the church . tell them not to fire . ( Ace transmit ) wolfe what about elias ? we pull back they will be cut off . he need cover fire . barne ( look at he like he 's stupid ) I will get he . ( with a threaten undertone ) you just haul ass too lootenant . ( go , to Ace ) ... do not send bravo Three up till I get back to the cp . now move out , all of you . as he snap he weapon onto full auto and run off after elias in a crouch ... a man with a mission . ext . jungle - rhah and CHRIS ' position - day next to the Church deploy in the jungle , rhah look on , silent . Chris in he position , wait . it be so silent in comparison to the racket from the battle across the forest . the mist cling to the tree , moist and lovely . then , a flicker of movement , sound . Chris hear it , tighten . his Pov - at fifty yard . a evanescence of beige and green uniform move towards he very fast , scurrying . they look like headless ghost . Chris open fire . CHRIS get em !!!!! rhah and Crawford open up . a rachet of sound , one of the figure seem to go down , then another but at this distance through jungle it be difficult to say . the fire just as suddenly break off and the silence return . CHRIS ( ecstatic ) yeah ! I get two of they fucker ... rhah I get one ... CHRIS ... see they go down ? like fuckin ' target practice man , fuck you Charlie !! Ho chi Minh suck dead dick !... Crawford ! ( see he , stunne ) Crawford , the blond - lock California beach boy , lie on the earth , hit in a lung , have difficulty breathe , moan in a soft undercurrent . Chris run up on he . CHRIS oh man !... man ! attend he . rhah run up . rhah look like a lung babe . but you be gonna be all right , you only need one of they fucker . crawford oh shit man I never think I would get hit , I be ... ( gag ) rhah stay cool . we gonna carry you out . barne appear , run towards they , look down at Crawford , at rhah . rhah sarge , ' bout five gook try to ... barne where 's elias ? rhah ... come through right over there . we get three of they , we ... barne do not you hear the arty shift ? we be pull back . get you wounded man and get the fuck back to the church . get go . CHRIS ( indicate jungle ) ... but ' lias be still out there . barne I will get he . you get the man in , Taylor ( indicate Crawford ) now . or I will article 15 both you ass . move ! Chris and rhah look at barne sullenly , then reluctantly start move Crawford onto a poncho liner they use as a litter . barne move it , move it ! he 's in he blackest rage , the force of he word almost physically push the man to move out with Crawford . barne turn now to deal with elias . ext . elias ' jungle - day elsewhere , elias stand silently , listen to the forest . in the distance the firefight can hardly be hear . his helmet go , he hair hang free , he be at he best now - alone . he hear it . somebody run through the jungle , about 100 yard , boot on leave , come towards he . he begin to move lateral to the sound . his step unheard , better at this than the enemy . three enemy figure now appear , crouch and move very fast with light equipment through the mist . elias swerve up in immediate foreground , he back to we , firing . all three figure fall . a quick glimpse of elias , not bother to stop , move to he next position . ext . barne ' jungle - day barne , move through the jungle , react to the fire , resetting he course . like a hunter stalking a deer . suddenly there 's more fire . then silence - ext . elias ' jungle - day two more enemy lie dead in the jungle . a rustle of movement , then a cry - chill , jubilant , a war cry . a pair of foot move lightly over the jungle . a glimpse of elias . in he full glory . roaming the jungle , bear to it . ext . barne ' jungle - day barne fix on he , move . ext . elias ' jungle - day a NVA soldier , jungle - whiskered , dirty , smart , crouch , listen , look to he partner . what be they fight here ? the first one mutter something sharp and they split fast in the direction they have come . they get about six step when elias suddenly rise up from the bush , not ten yard in front of they , he shot rip into they , drive the surprised life from they . elias be go . ext . NVA jungle - day elsewhere , another three NVA stop , turn and flee back from where they come . ext . jungle church - day Chris and rhah get Crawford back to the church grounds , lay he down . no activity around they . Chris plunge back into the jungle where they leave barne . rhah Taylor ! ext . elias and barne ' jungle - day barne move , stop , listen . something be run towards he . but it 's hide by the bush . he bring he rifle up smooth and quick , wait , then as the bush part , elias be stand there . look at barne . barne see he , start to lower he rifle , but then stop . he raise it back a inch , sight it . pause . a cold searing look of hatred come over he face . in that moment , elias understand . Quick as a deer , he make he move , try to plunge back into the bush . barne fire . once , twice , three time - the blast rock the jungle . elias jerk backwards into the bush , mortally wounded . Bird cry . a crime against nature . barne calmly lower he rifle , and walk away from it . ext . CHRIS ' jungle - day Chris , cut through the jungle , hear the shot . he stop , listen . someone be move through bush towards he , leave and foliage shaking . Chris tighten , raise he rifle . barne step through into he sight - see he . Chris lower he rifle . barne walk past he as if he be not even there . barne elias be dead . join up with the platoon . move it . CHRIS ( shocked ) he 's dead ! where ?... you see he ? barne yeah . back about 100 metre . he 's dead , now get go , the gook be all over the fuckin ' place . move on quickly . Chris have no choice but to follow , look back one more time . ext . church ground - jungle - day two chopper be come into a lz in front of the Church . the two platoon , second and third , reinforce , be be evacuate as quickly as possible , one load ( 6 - 8 man , depend on the wounded ) after other . the chopper be spraying dust all over the place . a scene of chaos , radio talk layer it . Doc be out of supplies , make do with improvise bandage , etc . wolfe move it move it move it . lerner go by , horribly wounded on a makeshift litter , into the chopper , Doc attend , hold the iv . Chris catch a glimpse of he , wait to get on the chopper , turn to look as : hoyt and sgt. Warren , both wounded , be hurried aboard on litter . the chopper lift off . Chris and other now run to the corpse of flash , morehouse , and fu sheng lie under dirty ponchos , they boot stick out . the ponchos be blow away in a burst of wind off the chopper blade , revealing they face - dirt stuff they eye and mouth , waxen figure . Chris and the other lift they and carry they towards the next chopper now come in . they throw the body on . tubb and Crawford , both wounded , now move past Chris , into the chopper . Chris run back , with King carry a litter - they eye fall on : barne talk with wolfe and Ace , make signal under the roaring sound of the chopper . shake he head . no. no elias . Chris and King look at each other , mute . they numbly start load Big harold , minus he leg , onto the stretcher . the third chopper be down now , wait , roaring blade silhouett off the face of the cathedral . a rocket blast suddenly go off not too far from the chopper , income fire . the door gunner signal for they to hurry , lay out fire . int / ext . chopper - jungle - day Chris and King hustling Big harold 's 250 pound into the chopper . climb in with he . wolfe , barne , Ace run in with they . the perimeter be bare . Chris ' eye flitting over barne as he jump in . the chopper lift off as another explosion rock the area . the door gunner see something , open up . Big harold , cursing , look chalky but hog happy as he manage a glance down at the jungle . his right leg be go . tear be roll out of he eye . king man , you gonna be in Japan this time tomorrow , Big harold . big harold yeah , I 'se lucky dis time , what 's a leg to get the fuck outta here ... ( at the NVA ) eat mar shit , you motherfucker ! he sink back , sick . Chris ' eye suddenly fix on something . he can not believe it . he shove King , point . King see it . both stunne . barne be look . so 's Lt. wolfe , so 's Ace . so 's the door gunner . elias be come out of the jungle . stagger , blood disfigure he face and chest , hang on with all he dimming strength , look up at they - try to reach they . Chris shake wolfe , he word drown out by the roar . the chopper Captain look down , dip . his co - pilot point . the NVA be come out of the jungle , close on the spot where elias be . incoming round be hit the chopper . the door gunner maniacally fire . barne look down at the man , can not believe it . elias be on he last leg now , obviously be hit by the income fire of the NVA . he fall to he knee , still stretch upwards for life . the chopper Captain shake he head at wolfe . the chopper dip one more time fire at the NVA , low and fierce over the jungle . Chris look back in horror . elias crucify . the NVA come out now by the dozen from the treeline . elias crumble to the ground . obviously dead or die . helicaptain on radio ... we still get one on the deck . bring the gunship in . barne draw in . Chris look at he in revulsion . he know . barne see he look , ignore it , all of they sit there silent , live with that final horrifying image of elias . ext . underground hutch - base camp - night the 'head ' be assemble - what 's leave of they . rhah , King , Francis , Doc , Adam , a quiet black kid , and Chris , who be impassion tonight . CHRIS he kill he . I know he do . I see he eye when he come back in ... radio voice ( puffing on he bowl ) how do you know the dink do not get he . you get no proof man . CHRIS proof 's in the eye . when you know you know . you be there rhah - I know what you be think . I say we frag the fucker . tonight . he look to King who puff on a joint , he eye red . king I go with that , a eye for a eye man . doc right on , nothing wrong with barne another shot in the head would not cure . rhah ( to Chris ) shit boy you be out in the sun too long . you try that , he will stick it right back up you ass with a candle on it . CHRIS then what do you suggest big shot ? rhah ( to Chris ) I suggest you watch you own ass cause barne gonna be down on all of ' em . francis how you figger that ? rhah shit man - human nature . flashes the old knuckle - ' hate ' . king then you jes gonna forget ' bout elias and all the good time we do have ? right in here . rhah he dugge he own grave . doc ( correct ) he dig it . rhah he dugged it too . CHRIS fuck this shit ! rhah you guy try to cure the headache by cut off the head . ' lias do not ask you to fight he battle and if there 's a Heaven - and god , I hope so - I know he 's sit up there drunk as a fuckin ' monkey and smokin ' shit cause he pain he do left down here . baaaaaaaaa ! ( a vehement movement of he head ) CHRIS you be wrong man ! any way you cut it rhah , barne be a murderer . king right on . rhah I remember first time you come in here Taylor you tell I how much you admire that bastard . CHRIS I be wrong . rhah ( snort ) wrong ? you be not ever be right - ' bout nothing . and dig this you asshole and dig it good ! barne be shot 7 time and he be not dead , that tell you something ? barne be not mean to die . only thing can get barne ... be barne ! barne stand there , silhouett in the trap door , look down at the man who be stunne to see he here . he step down into the hutch , he face now light by candle light . a bottle of whiskey in he hand , drunk , ugly , sweat , but as always , with dignity , possessive of he silence . he feel they fear in the silence , enjoy it . barne ( soft ) talk ' bout kill ? he totter slightly as he circle the outer edge of the hutch . no one talk . barne y'all expert ? y'all know about kill ? he take the bowl from Adams , smoke it . barne you pussy gotta smoke this shit so 's you can hide from reality ?... ( smoke again ) I I do not need that shit . I am reality . confront Chris , he move on , taunting they all . barne there 's the way it oughta be and there 's the way it be . ' lias he be full of shit , ' lias be a crusader - I get no fight with a man do what he 's tell but when he do not , the machine break down , and when the machine break down , we break down ... and I be not gonna allow that . from none of you . not one ... walk past rhah , past King , throw the pot bowl into the dirt of the floor . barne y'all love elias , want to kick ass , I 'se here - all by my lonesome , nobody gonna know . five you boy ' gainst I ? ( pause , very soft ) kill I . almost a appeal - naked , intense . rhah , Francis , Doc look away . King , the biggest one there , be about to say something , but the moment pass . Chris wait , he anger on the rise . barne take a swigger from the whiskey , then turn away contemptuously . barne I shit on all o' you . CHRIS kill you motherfucker !!! Chris slam into barne , rush he off he foot . pound he face , solid blow . king and other get that mother , babe , go ... kick he ass , kill that cocksucker !!! but barne be too quick and very strong and take the blow , get outside Chris ' arm , twist and flipping he in a wrestler 's grip - throw he hard onto he back on the dirt floor . the expression of the Men watch slump , they hope dash . barne spring around on Chris , straddle he , one hand push he face back , hit he hard . once. twice . Chris grimace , groan , helpless now . a flick of sound . a knife whipped out of barne ' boot and press against Chris ' throat . Chris bleed from the nose and mouth . rhah suddenly spin into action , fast now , realize what barne intend to do . rhah easy barne , easy man !!! barne be on the verge - about to kill again . Chris wait . rhah coax he , move closer . rhah you will do dinky dau in Long binh barne . ten year - kill a enlist . ten year , barne , just climb the wall . don't do it ... barne ' eye tremble in the candle light , he scar ugly , a spasm clenching and lock he facial muscle . then suddenly he be calm again , very calm . we sense a man of enormous self - control . suddenly he flick he knife across Chris , leave a mark below he leave eye . Chris gasp . look up at barne rise off he . the boot alongside he face . the Men look on , the tension lowering . barne ( contemptuous ) death ? what do you guy know about it ? he walk out . quietly . ext . AIR shot - jungle , church - day Chris sit at the very edge of a huey chopper , bandana around he forehead , long hair blow in the wind , barne ' mark below he eye , slicked out now like a jungle veteran , look down at the village where the massacre occur . the Village be still a smoking ruin , a few peasant and water buffalo straggling like ant to reconstruct . Bunny , next to Chris , pop he gum , indifferent . barne , next to he , shift , read a map . rodriguez be praying , he mouth move without audible word , get ready for the drop . King be make last minute adjustment in he pack . Bunny now nudge Chris , point . the Church in the jungle where elias be kill be visible . a outline of the Cemetery . uncomfortable memory play over Chris ' face . CHRIS ( v.o. ) they send we back into the valley the next day - about 2,000 metre from Cambodia - into a battalion perimeter . Alpha company have be hit hard the day before by a sizeable force and Charlie company have be probe that night . there be other battalion in the valley , we be not the only one but we know we be go to be the bait to lure they out . and somewhere out there be the entire 141st NVA regiment . the battalion perimeter now break in the clear ahead . smoke grenade of various color be be pop on the clear lz . it 's not big , its radius 200 yard , heavily sandbagge , deeply dig , roll of barb wire protect it , radio antennas sprout from the cp - and surround on all four side by jungle . the first chopper rock down , whipping up dust cloud . Chris jump out , move out fast as the second chopper start in . ext . battalion cp - perimeter # 3 - dusk at the battalion cp , the Major confer with Captain Harris and two other captain . two NVA prisoner be sit on they knee , interrogate by vietnamese kit carson scout and a U.S. sergeant , they hand tie . the scout slap the shit out of the NVA . ext . platoon cp - perimeter # 3 - dusk all this be watch from a distance by Ace and Doc and Lt. wolfe at the platoon cp . Ace and Doc be digging the foxhole , the ace of spade in Ace 's helmet band , share the information with tony and Francis . ace ... they catch them last night pull some shit on Charlie company . they find map on them , man - get a friend at battalion say they have every fuckin ' foxhole here fix on it . distance , treeline , we claymore , trip wire , everything ? I shit you not . doc shit , so what the fuck be we do here ? why do not we move ... ( no answer ) bad vibe , man , I get bad vibe here . where be the new guy they provide we anyway . tony I hear we 's in Cambodia right fuckin' now . francis you kid man ... rhah come up , a walk stick in hand , huge pirate kerchief on he head , semi-naked . rhah you want to see I sir ? wolfe Jackson , look like you get elias ' squad now . rhah squad ? I do not know we be still refer to this platoon in term of squad sir . ( with a snicker for Ace and Doc ) wolfe ( indicate a rough draw in the dirt ) this two hole be yours ... rhah begging you pardon Lieutenant but my hole be far enuff apart you could run a regiment through there and nobody would see they - I get five live body leave ... wolfe I do not want to hear you problem , Jackson . you will get new man any day . time be you make do like everybody else . rhah hey Lieutenant I do not ask for this job , I ... wolfe ( leave ) I do not want to hear about it Jackson . rhah ( amaze , look off at he ) you do not want to hear about it ? wolfe ( turn ) that 's right . I do not want to hear about it ' cause to tell you the truth , I do not give a shit okay ... I just do not give a shit anymore . rhah ( shrug , to himself ) right ... wolfe ( pass Ace digging the cp hole ) this be one time we could sure use elias . ace ( to Doc ) ' some people say I be wishy washy . maybe I be . maybe I be not . ' ext . perimeter # 3 - CHRIS ' foxhole - dusk on the edge of the perimeter , King put out he claymore , unravel it back towards he foxhole , intersect men form the third platoon , who file out on a night ambush , skirt the trip wire , demoralize , silent . Eye exchange , but no word . Chris sit on the foxhole watch the ambush go out , smoking a joint by himself , depressed . King come in with the claymore wire , attach they to they detonator . they foxhole - as be all of the platoon 's - be position just inside the treeline border the lz , so that they be quite isolate from the center of the perimeter where they first land . king glad I be not go with them . somewhere out dere man be de Beast and he hungry tonight ... man , what a bummer . ten day and a wakeup and I be still deal wid this shit - fuckin ' etcetera and ad infinitum man ... the last soldier in the file recede into the foliage . king ( notice Chris ' silence ) what 's the matter wid you ?... how come you be not write no more ? you be always write something home . look like youse half a bubble off , Taylor . he do not answer , make a futile gesture . king what about you folk ? that grandma you be tell I about ?... Chris shake he head . king girl ? Chris ' eye answer negatively . king must be somebody ? CHRIS ... there 's nobody . king ( shift , uncomfortable ) you be smoking too much shit babe . gotta control that . take a man down ... I remember when you first come out to the bush , you be straight as a ... CHRIS who give a shit ! he shift , annoyed , prepare he grenade along the sand bag . King shrug , prepare he meal , sing himself a snatch of song , a good nature man . king ( soft ) ' people say I be the life of the party cause I tell a joke or two although I may be laugh loud and hardy deep inside I be blue ... ' CHRIS y'ever get catch in a mistake King and you just can not get out of it ? king Way out of anything , man . just keep you pecker up , you powder dry , the worm will turn . how many day you short ? CHRIS not just I ... it 's the way the whole thing work . people like elias get waste and people like barne just go on make up rule any way they want and what do we do , we just sit around in the middle and suck on it ! we just do not add up to dry shit . king do a chicken have lip ? whoever say we do , babe . make it outta here , it 's all gravy , every day of the rest of you life man - gravy . oh shit , superlifer ! o' neill come up , jerk he thumb at King . o'neill get you gear together , King , you order just come through . king ( speechless ) you jokin ' I man ?... shit , you be not kid ! cocksucker . oh wowww ... the lifer make a mistake , they cuttin ' I some slack , they cut I some slack Taylor ! ( dance ) o'neill collect you shit and move out King . you get 10 minute make the last chopper . cee ess they oh or you ass be mine . ( to Taylor ) Francis be come over . ( hurry off ) King pack up , double time . Chris come over , help he , try to share he happiness but not succeed . CHRIS hey that 's great King , that 's great ... you take it on home for I , you tell them King ... get you address right ? you know where you can reach man , man . anytime ! king I gotta didi man . do not wanna miss that chopper . I will send you a postcard . after I get I some . I will send you some tape too man . this new guy jimi hendrix man , whew ... you okay Taylor ? just ' member take it easy now , do not think too much , do not be a fool , no such thing as a coward cause it do not mean nuthin . jes keep on keepin ' on . okay my man ... Chris , fight he depression , slap hand with King . a brief moment , they look at each other . a friendship that be forever and be now over . they both sort of know they will never see each other again . CHRIS I will walk you out ... Francis come up , haul he pack . ext . perimeter # 3 - junior' foxhole - dusk on another foxhole , rodriguez position he m - 60 , bring up he ammo belt ( no loader leave ) . tony eat , nervous , watch he , shake he head . tony rumor goin ' round be they get tank . Soviet shit , t-34's ... ( pause ) hey rodriguez , do not you ever say nothing ? rodriguez ( a thick mexican accent ) what do you want I to say , it 's all the same ol ' shit . tony shrug , back to he food . ext . perimeter # 3 - junior' foxhole - dusk on another foxhole , barne in full pack check the sole of junior 's bare foot . Bunny and o'neill look on . junior be moan as if he 's die , overdo it by a mile . barne so what 's the problem ? o'neill say he can not walk . barne shit . get you boot on Martin , next time I catch you put mosquito repellent on you fuckin ' foot I be gonna courtmartial you nigger ass . junior ( crack ) den courtmartial I motherfuckah , bust my ass , send I to fuck Long binh , do you worst but I be not walk no more . De white man do get he last klik outta I . get some chuck dude to hump this shit . barne ( suddenly soft ) get I that centipede , o'neill . o' neill be puzzle . what centipede ? o'neill sarge ? barne yeah that long hairy orange and black bastard I find in the ammo crate . I be gonna put it in this asshole 's crotch , see if he can walk . junior 's eye bulge with suspicion and sudden terror , he demeanor totally alert now . o'neill ( understanding ) oh yeah , right away sarge . junior no! wait ! I will walk , fuck you I will walk , I do not need this shit ! I do not need this shit ! bunny Fucking pussy , fuck it sarge , I gotta have he on my hole ? barne go . o' neill catch up with he . o'neill uh ... bob. like to speak to you . take a minute . barne ( stop ) yeah , what be it ? o'neill ( shuffles , reluctant ) Bob , I get elias ' r&r ... it 's come up in 3 day . go to Hawaii . see patsy . ( pause , no reaction from barne ) I never ask you for a break , I be hope you ... you would send I in on the chopper with King ... what do you say Chief ? ( a friendly punch ) barne I can not do that for you , Red ... we need every swinging dick in the field . sorry bout that ... ( start to go ) o'neill ( plead ) hey Bob , come on ! talk to I hunh , it 's you friend Red , I be only ask you for three day chief ... barne I be talk to you Red and I be tell you no . get back to you position . o'neill ( grab he , desperate ) Bob , I gotta bad feel about this , I ... I be tell you I get a bad feel , man , I do not think I be gonna make it ... y'know what I mean ? barne ( quietly ) ... everybody gotta die sometime Red ... get back to you foxhole . a look in he eye . very remote , very cold , silencing o'neill . barne walk off . ext . perimeter # 3 - battalion lz - dusk at the lz , King run out , get on the last supply chopper with some other man . it lift off , swirl dust , the last ray of daylight . Chris watch from a battalion cp area , wave back - the chopper sound recede in the horizon , the comparative silence of the jungle now creep up on the perimeter . he turn and start back to he foxhole . a man be watch he . he 's sit on a sandbag , face in shadow . it startles Chris , something about he . something different . a deep West Virginia drawl . smoking man get a light ? CHRIS uh sure ... go over reluctantly , flick he lighter , cupping it from the wind . the flame catch a sudden , uneasy expression in Chris ' face as he see the smoke man . we come around and see what Chris see in the light of the flame . a face that smile at he like a death 's head , a large ugly blister on he mouth , whiskered , pale - but smile . a sick man would not smile like this , but he be smile too intimately , as if he know Chris from way back . but he do not . or do he ? perhaps it be the man Chris first see at the airstrip when he come in - country . the same expression of evil , of a man who have see too much and die , but still life . Chris feel a unnatural fear pass through he . the man stand , suck on he cigarette , stretch . he be thin and very tall , tower over Chris . smoking man ... later . he go . Chris watch he , wonder . the man never look back , a leisurely , confident stroll . in that moment , there be a explosion from way out in the jungle , about a quarter of a mile . then another , then small arm fire . Chris look , know . ext . perimeter # 3 - rhah's foxhole - dusk on he foxhole , junior listen to the distant fire . Bunny be introspective - talk to junior as if he be he best friend , although they have nothing in common . bunny ... y'know some of the thing we do , I do not feel like we do something wrong but sometimes y'know I get this bad feel . not all that shit the chaplain 's jam up we ass ' bout the good Lord ... just a fuck bad feel , y'k now what I mean ? do not know why . I tell the chaplain the truth be I really like it here . you do what you want , nobody fuck with you . only worry you get 's die and if that happen you will not know about it anyway . so what the fuck ... ( chuckle ) junior look at he like he 's really crazy . back to the distant fire . junior ( piss now ) fuck ! I gotta be on this hole with you man . I just know I shouldna come ! Bunny find it funny , laugh . bunny do not you worry bout a thing junior , you with audie Murphy here , my man ... ext . perimeter # 3 - company cp - dusk at the company cp , Captain Harris be talk urgently into the radio . harris bravo Three Alpha ! send I a grid . send I a grid , over ! a young inexperienced voice scream back into the radio amid intense background firing filter by radio and sounding disembody . radio voice we be pin down sir , they be in the fuck tree ! the tree - harris ok , Three Alpha , calm down now , son . I be gonna get you a fire mission asap . smoke will be first ... radio voice ( panic ) Lieutenant 's dead sir , radioman look dead sir , I do not know where the map be Captain ! they be all around we sir . they be move ! hundred of they ! I can hear they talk gook !!! Jesus Christ ! harris ( calming he ) ... just spot the smoke son and tell I where to shift . we will get you out of there . just hang tough and tell I where the round hit , over . ext . perimeter # 3 - platoon cp - dusk at the platoon cp , barne stand , leg akimbo , watch the jungle , anticipate the come fight as overhead we now hear the 155 shell whistle from a 10 - mile distance - pass above they - then pound down into the jungle in the near distance . barne turn , glance at wolfe , smile . ext . perimeter # 3 - company cp - dusk at the company cp , Captain Harris be back on the radio . harris bravo Three Alpha six . how bout that round son ? can you adjust fire ? ( wait ) Three Alpha , if you can not talk , just key the handset twice over . ( wait ) silence , then a vague murmuring - become clearer and clearer . it 's in vietnamese . the radio be then bashed in , the sound like thunder in the Captain 's ear . he look at he RTO , both of they shocked . ext . NVA jungle - night / dusk in the jungle itself , the enemy be move . flurry of movement and sound , blurred visual . hand taping a piece of cloth to a tree , move on - revealing a luminous arrow point leave ... figure move past it . hand unravel a thin wire waist-high , backwards . hand slide along another wire . we now see a move helmet with a luminous plaque on the back of it , lead a file up the wire . to a jump -off point about 50 yard outside the U.S. perimeter . figure crouch . whisper . Movement . a pen flashlight on a draw of the foxhole position . the NVA move out in several direction at once . ext . perimeter # 3 - CHRIS ' foxhole - night on they foxhole , Chris and Francis wait anxiously . overhead the artillery keep pound into the ambush area . now SMALL arm FIRE can be hear pick up at random spot along the perimeter . the battle , like a tide , be obviously move closer to they . francis oh shit I I wish I be back in Memphis now , oooh baby this be gonna be a motherfucker ! Chris say nothing . suddenly off to they right , about 80 yard , a blue fizzle of light erupt . CHRIS trip flare !... rodriguez 's hole . rat-tat-tat-tat , rat-tat-tat . Machine gun , outgo , follow by a sharp explosion . a rocket ! CHRIS rpgs ! shit ! voice ( cry ) medic !! doc ! doc ! a figure thrashes up through the foliage behind they . rhah ( a fierce whisper ) Taylor ! Francis ! CHRIS over here ! rhah jump into they hole with they , out of breath . CHRIS rhah ! what 's go on . rodriguez 's hole just get ... rhah ( get he breath ) okay , here it be - one , we get gook in the fuckin ' perimeter . francis oh shit ! dat 's it , that 's it ... rhah they get through Alpha company ! anything behind you do not identify itself , blow it away . two - air strike 's come in . they gonna lay snake and nape right on the perimeter so stay tight in you hole and do not leave them . flare now shoot up over the perimeter . reds , green , yellow , squeaking as they float down on they parachute hinge throughout the ensue battle . the perimeter be illuminate at spotty interval - sometimes arctic bright , sometimes unexplainably dark till new flare shoot up . Chris , Francis , rhah all look up at the light , and hug they hole even tighter , feel naked in the light . flare cut both way . rhah ... they be probing we , they gonna go up and down this line all night try to get through . stay cool ... I will be back ... run out of the foxhole . Chris suddenly reacting to a noise out front , grip Francis and point to the sound . a body be thrashing towards they , about twenty - five yard , not yet visible but a little awkward and lungy in it 's movement , as if desperate . Francis , tense , be about to pop he grenade when Chris grab he . CHRIS hold it ! ( loud whisper ) who be it ! but the body keep come , lurching now , fall . francis come on man ! CHRIS no ! a pop ! - then a fizzle of blue light as the figure hit they trip flare - revealing itself to be large , with no helmet , and gasp , terrify of the trip flare . terrified soldier don't shoot ! don't shoot ! CHRIS it 's the ambush ! ( call out ) in here , man ! hurry . the soldier now run in like a fullback go down for the tackle , sprawling into the hole , knock Chris and Francis down beneath he . he be sweat , terrify , a white boy with a unrecognizable , filthy face , no rifle , no helmet , he fatigue tear all over . terrified soldier Water ! Water ! Chris give he he canteen , he shoulder and neck hurt from the collision . the soldier suck down the canteen . terrified soldier ( between gulp ) they 'se all over the place , hundred of they move this way ! they wipe we out man , we do not have a chance ! where 's the cp ? francis ( point ) back there . the soldier struggle out of the foxhole . terrified soldier you guy get outta here ! they be right on my ass and they be not stoppin ' for shit ! he tear off , leave Francis in a state of incipient panic . he look at Chris . francis Taylor , let 's di-di man ! Chris adjust position , face the front , anger in he voice . CHRIS you go . Francis hesitates , stay . int . perimeter # 3 - battalion cp - night at the battalion cp , the Major be inside he bunker , busy between he radio net . major ( to RTO 1 ) get I bravo ! RTO 2 Charlie company report hand to hand on the perimeter sir . Three hole be down . they need help ! major ( look at he watch , to he xo ) okay move two squad from Alpha down there . where 's that goddamn air strike , you bet you ass if we be the first cav they would be here now . RTO 1 ( hand he the transmitter ) bravo six sir . ext . perimeter # 3 - battalion cp - night just outside the bunker , a master sergeant spot something in the flarelight . two figure with helmet run towards he at a angle . master sergeant hey you boy ! which company you ... a sudden burst of FIRE cut the sergeant down in he track and the figure fly by . Soldiers in the immediate area spot they . soldier # 3 sapper ! soldier # 4 the bunker ! a burst of fire . one of the running figure go down . a explosion engulf he . int . perimeter # 3 - battalion cp - night but the second sapper run right into the bunker in a kamikaze charge , the light from inside momentarily revealing a bulky satchel strapped on he person and the face of the astound Major . RTO 3 sir !! ext . perimeter # 3 battalion cp - night the bunker explode with a deafen roar . ext . perimeter # 3 - CHRIS ' foxhole - night in they foxhole , Chris and Francis look at the curling ball of flame , stunne . CHRIS oh no ! ext . perimeter # 3 company cp - night in they foxhole , Chris point . CHRIS there ! shape move in the tree . Chris blow he claymore handle . one explosion on top of the other out front . then return fire . flashes from a muzzle , rak - a- tak , rak - a- tak , rak - a - tak , the heavier sound of a AK - 47 . Chris open up with he 16 . then be blow down by a grenade explosion at the edge of the foxhole . then nothing . a pause . Chris ' ear ringing , slightly concuss . suddenly from down the perimeter there be the sound of a faulty loudspeaker crackle out from the jungle . a pidgen English , the word maul , then a snatch of patriotic North vietnamese music , play from a scratchy old record . Chris uneasy , look at Francis who look terrify . the SOUND now of a whistle . two hoot , then a sharp third . then yell . Chris grab Francis ' arm , point . there be a voice directly out to the front of they - mutter something in vietnamese , no more than 20 yard away but unseen . it 's like hearing a casual conversation from another room , then the sound of several body move in separate direction - encompass the foxhole . CHRIS ( to Francis , a whisper ) out of the hole ! fast ! Chris crawl out , stop , look back . Francis will not leave , hug the shelter . CHRIS ( a fierce whisper ) goddamit Francis ! move you fuck ass . now ... they gonna blow it ! reaches in and yank he with all he strength half out of the hole . Francis , finally spark , now move out . both of they belly it into the brush behind the hole . not a moment too soon . a rpg rocket whistling in . the foxhole take a direct hit , cave in , whirl of smoke spin off it . Chris and Francis look back cover with debris . they hear movement . shadow be swarm towards the foxhole , fire into it to finish they off . Francis grab Chris ' leg , indicate they get out of there . Chris hesitates - a moment , a decision make now in angry passion - rise up and charge the NVA . shadow scatter and tumble , catch by he surprise close - range fire . Chris move forward into they , blast , agile , he instinct finely tune , and totally insane in this moment of time , indifferent to he life . he yell insanity , pump himself up with the adrenaline of courage . CHRIS die you motherfuckers !!! yaaaaaaaaa !!! scream from the dark shadow , they fall . Chris smash a wounded shadow with the butt of he gun down into the foxhole . he jump back into it , reoccupy it . blast the dead gook . open fire out to the front , drive the shadows back . Francis watch this , amaze . after a moment of doubt , he too tear back out to join Chris in the foxhole , unbely , as he jump in with he . francis ( join in the frenzy ) yaaaaahhhh !!!! killlll !!! then stunne again to see Chris suddenly rise up out of the foxhole and charge forward into the jungle . he be now over the edge . CHRIS ( charge off into the jungle ) die you motherfuckers !!! ext . perimeter # 3 - bunny's foxhole - night in he position , Bunny be experience the same ' high ' as Chris , yell out at they . bunny come on motherfuckers , come on !!! junior , huddle in the hole with he , speechless and terrify , look at he with huge eye . the guy be nut . a income grenade explosion shake the hole . bunny ( lay out more fire ) come on you can do better than that ! junior fuck this shit ! I be not dyin ' in no white man' war ! ise didi-ing this motherfuckah ! junior freak out , throw he rifle down and hobble out of the hole on he damage foot at a incredible speed . bunny ( yell after he ) get back here you gutless shit ... a shape suddenly out of nowhere , loom up fast behind Bunny , run at he . junior , insane now with fear , run smack into a tree , knock senseless and reeling to the ground . Bunny turn back too late . the crazy drug-high shape be yell something like : NVA soldier diiiiikaaeeeeeee ! and jump right into the hole blast Bunny point - blank in the chest . Bunny struggle to consciousness at the bottom of the hole . thuck ! a boot in the gape hole where he chest be . Bunny , he eye uncomprehend . a muzzle be jamme into he mouth , break he tooth with a ugly sound . another yell from the NVA trooper . a flash of orange red light . Bunny 's face blow to bit . junior , dizzy from the blow to he head , look up . a yellow flare somewhere out there and a shadow above he digging a bayonet into he belly with a grunt . a long ooze sigh of belly gas . a explosion . the shadow with the bayonet staggering blind without eye , hold he brain with he hand . barne throw open the empty laaw rocket case he have just fire off and charge forward with a yell , cut down another NVA in Bunny 's old foxhole . jumping into the hole , the bottom of which be a liquid pit of gut , blood , ooze . another enemy run in on he . a short burst of fire . barne hit . firing into each other . barne draggin he down into the pit with he , grapple alongside the corpse of Bunny . barne use a entrench tool to finish he off . ext . perimeter # 3 - platoon cp - night at the platoon cp , small arm fire be all over the place , the NVA close the ring . Ace , in the foxhole , yell to wolfe . ace negative contact . can not raise barne , two bravo , two Charlie , nothin ' ! wolfe get I six ! nervously aim he rifle as a man come run towards they , staggering . ace it 's Doc ! Doc plop down , out of breath , drain , bleed all over he chest . doc they be come through all over ! I can not ... I can not do ... wolfe where 's barne ! doc I think he 's dead ... it 's awful , they be all die . wolfe be stunne , barne he last crutch against the chaos . Ace hand he the handset . ace six ! captain harris ' voice yeah ! send traffic or clear this goddamn net ! wolfe we have be overrun Captain , we be pull back . over ! ext . perimeter # 3 - company cp - night at the company cp , thing be just as bad . a radioman be sprawle over a smashed radio . Captain Harris be in a bunker work the radio himself , as he radioman fire at yell , run figure scurrying all over the inner perimeter . harris ( furious voice ) bravo two , six ! goddamit where the hell you plannin ' to pull back to ! they be all over the perimeter . be advise Lieutenant , you will hold in place and you will fight and that mean you , Lieutenant . out ! ext . perimeter # 3 - platoon cp - night at the platoon cp , wolfe be astound by the message . Ace look at he straight in the eye . ace you be a asshole Lieutenant , you know that . as he abandon he radio , grab up he 16 and move to a adjacent position . Doc , a quiet man up to now , be treat a wounded parker who be now hit by bullet and thrashes wildly and jerk to a stop . he be obviously dead but Doc go on try to finish the bandage . suddenly he go beserk , grab a 16 , start fire and yell . ext . perimeter # 3 - company cp - night at the company cp , Harris get on the radio with the air strike . one of the rtos on a separate radio call over . RTO # 5 Captain , third battalion armoure 's on its way with track ' bout 2 klik west ! harris ( ignore it , into radio ) snakebite leader , ripper bravo six , we be gonna need you soonest be advise I have get zip in the wire down here , over ! pilot' voice ( distort high frequency ) Roger you last bravo six , snakebite lead we can not run it any closer . we be hot to trot and pack snape and nape but we be bingo fuel . it 's you call , six actual , over . Harris look around . the decision make . harris snakebite leader , bravo six , for the record , it 's my call . dump everything you get leave on my pos . I say again , I want all you be hold inside the perimeter . it 's a lovely war . bravo six actual and out . Pilot 's reaction . very calm . a farmboy twang . pilot' voice Roger you last bravo six . we copy it 's you call . get they in they hole down there . hang tough , bravo six we be come cocked for treetop . whiskey to echo ... snakebite two , this be lead . last pass on zero niner . watch my smoke to target , expend all remain . follow my trace ... the transmission drop out . Harris now look up into the darken sky . the plane in no way evident - but they be there . and they be come . ext . perimeter # 3 - platoon cp - night at the platoon cp , the NVA be sweeping fast , crouch , use cover , yell . small fire be raging all over the perimeter . Ace put out fire , be hit . the NVA be come over he sandbag . a burst of fire . Ace go down . Doc have crack up , fire at anything , indifferent to he safety . one of the NVA go down . the Doc be hit in the side , wounded , struggle , be hit again , but keep try to fire . he 's hit a third time - in the jugular vein . nearby , wolfe be fire madly at the oncoming NVA . one go down . a second be wounded , yell in pain . wolfe reloading he 16 , pop up , too late . one of they be come over the sandbag . he see wolfe . wolfe see he . in the same moment . wolfe hesitates , freeze up . the gook unload he AK - 47 , a magazine worth , into Lieutenant wolfe , who crash down , sprawle unnaturally on the jungle floor . a spasm shake he body . then stop . Dead . boot run by . ext . perimeter # 3 - o'neill foxhole - night at he foxhole , o'neill peek up out of the hole . several NVA be darting through the jungle 20 yard away , come towards he , talk loudly to each other . he quickly slip back down in the hole , entwine himself with the approach NVA , clinking metal . the NVA stop , glance in the hole . something be muttere . they run out . o' neill open he eye , breathes . ext . perimeter # 3 - barne ' foxhole - night barne swing he mashed m - 16 full into the face of a enemy soldier who scream and go down , barne chopping at he with he club . his helmet be go , he shirt rip to shred , he shoulder bleed , make he last stand against the hate gook . nearby huffmeister be hit in the shoulder by a run figure and collapse into the bottom of the foxhole , cry out in pain . the run figure run past right into the full force of barne ' swinging rifle . smack ! he crumple . intercut Chris belly into the area , see barne , recognize he , amaze . a enemy fire , take barne high in the leave thigh . a patch of skin blow off . barne rigidly go down on he leave knee like a wounded horse . hold there , stare into the enemy , wait for the coup de grace . a series of shout and the enemy stagger dead as : Chris lay out a curtain of fire . a grenade go off near he , blow off he helmet . daze , Chris rush forward fire from the hip - suck into barne ' suicidal vacuum . he cut down a enemy as : barne , give a new lease , limp angrily forward and tackle a wounded enemy try to crawl away , terrify at the sight of barne come after he . barne let out a vivid scream . and beat the soldier mercilessly , half the stock of he m - 16 fly apart break . Chris swivel alert on he knee . a pause . no more enemy . turn to barne , he back to Chris still beat at the dead corpse . CHRIS barne ! barne swivel instinctively off the corpse and for a petrify moment Chris see : a madden scar of a face , lip speck with foam . the eye - refracted in a red-green flare overhead - the pupil distort into angry red point . for Chris it be no doubt the most frightening single image he have see in he life . it will be in he nightmare forever . the essence of evil : wrath , obsession , anger , fear , hatred , permanence - he be paralyze . barne smashes he full across the face with the break stock of he m - 16 . not even consciously , for at this point , he mind have go over the edge and the entire world be he enemy . american or vietnamese , it make no difference as he strike Chris harder and harder . Chris struggle , moan , he tooth and nose crack . barne emit another chill yell a spring like a humpback up on he good right leg , the leave bent - set to deliver the kill blow , the mangle rifle pull to its high arc . CHRIS nooooooooo ! the phantom fighter jet come now like a great white whale . one big beautiful monstrous beat of deafen sound . its silver and white belly hurtle low over the treeline in one giant leap of sound momentarily illuminate by a flare . then a monstrous roar of anger . the bomb rip barne off the body of Chris and spitting Chris across the jungle floor - crash into a tree some 30 yard away . fade out : ext . perimeter # 3 - CHRIS ' jungle - dawn fade back in . vague sunlight . blurry . Chris flutter he eye . a sharp movement in the bush . his eye fight they way open . soft eye be watch he from behind foliage . a soft , furry head , alert , rigidly still . Chris fight he way up to he elbow , in pain , look at the eye . the head turn and in one fluid move , bolt . go . like the wind . a deer . a big brown deer . or be it ? Chris will never be quite sure . but whatever it be , it be surely a sign of grace - the grace of elias . this he know as he feel himself for the first time alive . and in pain . his leave hand tear and bleed , shrapnel in he side , cut on he face , dry blood cake he . look around he garden of eden . a messy jungle floor . cordite fume . burn bush and tree . torn sandbag . Dead NVA . Bird song somewhere in the distance . it be the very crack of dawn , a pink -re sun casting long oblique light pattern through the tree . a holy light . Chris push himself to he foot , feel he weight and the pain . he walk . in the near distance , towards the lz area , there 's the sound of armore personnel carrier grind , man move , call out in americanese . but Chris be alone here . he fish up a AK - 47 from a dead NVA . check it , a weapon . walk on . ext . perimeter # 3 - barne ' foxhole - day past score of NVA body . past the foxhole where Bunny lay dead in the bottom , faceless . look over at junior bayonete to the ground , dead . NVA everywhere around the hole , some of they still move , badly wounded . Chris look around , then notice a movement a little further out in the jungle . then he see who . the uniform be shred , the figure obviously hurt in several place ( thigh , back , neck , hand ) but not mortally so , now struggle to right itself , drag its face up from a belly - down position . streak with dirt and blood , we see barne once again re-emerge from the dead . Chris step over to he , a solemn look on he face . barne look up , beg . barne get I a medic will ya . go on ... Chris do not move . barne look at he again , read the intention that have cross Chris ' mind . a expression of surprise cross he face , then amazement , almost shock . barne fuck you in hell ... Chris shoot he . once. twice . Three time . silence ... barne be finally dead . Chris look at the corpse , numbe , no exultation in he expression . just cold satisfaction and little feel leave . behind he , the SOUND of a big machine move . he turn . a huge Nazi flag on a antenna loom up in the bush , follow by the great belly of a turrete dragon crunching down a tree for its breakfast . a big tough german shepard come boudn at he sniff , follow by a flak - jackete monster man - filthy and greasy , unshaven face , earring in he leave ear , ' death corp ' scrawle on he shirtless flak jacket and a draw of a death 's head , he look like a cross between a pirate and a hell 's angel . behind he , a second monster man and the armore personnel carrier grind its engine , a human skull hang from its turret . monster man ( to Dog ) bozo ! get back here ! his eye pass on Chris like so much meat . monster man ( to Chris ) can you walk outta here ? Chris nod . the soldier point to the lz behind he as a sign he should go that way . the other soldier already stripping the NVA dead , as the apc grind on into the jungle , reconnoiter . Chris walk out of the jungle , head bow , nauseate , mix feeling roiling he . ext . perimeter # 3 - francis ' foxhole - day in another foxhole , Francis wait , the sound of the approach apc cut through . he think about it a moment . it must be fast . it must be a hard cold decision . now ! he pull out he k - bar and with one last anguish hesitation , drive it into he thigh muscle . Francis yell out and collapse in he hole . ext . perimeter # 3 - o'neill foxhole - day in another foxhole , o'neill , unscratch but cover with dirt , wait tentatively as soldier arrive at he hole . they be a little awed by the sight of the tough - look o'neill emerge from he foxhole like sgt. rock , dozen of dead NVA litter around he . apc soldier # 1 you alone sarge ? o'neill fuck yeah . they all leave I , bunch of fuckin ' faggot . apc soldier # 2 man , you gonna get yoself a silver star . o'neill fuck the silver star . you get any booze ? ext . perimeter # 3 - rhah's foxhole - day rhah , alive and well , be poke around the NVA corpse with a long gnarled walk stick , look like a crazy johnny appleseed with he pants roll up on he thin hairy ankle and wear a red bandana tie in a four - k not around he head . as one of the apc soldier carve a ear off a dead NVA , rhah work he way through the tear bloody pocket of a NVA troop in full rigor mortis , extract what he think be there - a wrap cellophane of heroin . rhah 's face glow with satisfaction as he taste it , then snort it . with a certain satisfaction of triumph over the grim circumstance . rhah ( to the powder ) yeah , that 's good shit ... ext . perimeter # 3 - lz - day CHRIS be haul out on a litter . morphine , he eye watch it all from somewhere deep in he brain . pass : group of soldier look like bowery bum and move like rat through the smoke and garbage snooping for souvenir with wheezy tired eye and grunt of greed . pass a bulldoze pit with heaps of NVA body in they . a bulldozer push another set of body in , like photo of a Nazi death camp . nearby , two burly soldier lift a woman nurse and with a once - through build for momentum , toss the fresh body into the pit . Chris , numb , go by . radio operator ( into radio , exhaust ) U.S. kia , 122 wounded and still count . estimate 500 Victor Charlie kia , 22 wounded and still count . over . 2 nd radio operator Sir , a television crew 's come in with the General - captain harris do not respond ; at this point he do not give a shit , stand apart from the radio look numbly at the remnant of he boy filter by on litter . Chris intersect he now , Harris ' eye look blankly , then nodd sickly try to give he encouragement . just come to the edge of tear , choke it back , and turn back . this be he son who be lose . a good officer . rodriguez , wounded , be lift up in he litter and move out to the wait medivac chopper , a huge red cross paint on a white square . Doc go by on another litter , then Ace , Adams , huffmeister , etc . then Francis be litter by , bandage around he leg , a big smile on he face . francis hey Taylor , you okay man ? CHRIS yeah . how ' bout you ? francis jes ' fine man , jes fine ! ai not never feel better ! both of we two timer man , we be out . ( give he a slap as he go by ) see you at the hospital man , we gonna get high-high yessir ... ( go off ) the medic point to the chopper . medic ( to Chris ) that 's you ride man , you ready ? CHRIS ( try a smile ) you bet . Chris start towards it , the medic assist he . ext . perimeter # 3 - lz - day sgt. o' neill watch the load process forlornly from the distance . Captain Harris intersect he . harris you get second platoon sergeant . o'neill ( reflexively ) yes sir - and as Harris move away , o'neill be leave think . finally there be a certain frustration to he action ; he have take such great pain to stay alive that the tuition he pay be precisely to stay in this jungle . inevitably he time will come - one way or another . his eye now follow the medivac chopper upwards , whatever be leave of he shrunken soul yearn to go with it . ext / int : perimeter # 3 lz chopper - day as the chopper rise off the battlefield , Chris , who be sit at the edge so that he have a full view out the open door , wave back at rhah . ext . perimeter # 3 - day rhah , at the edge of the treeline , vigorously shake he walk stick at he , he other hand a fist , wave they , emit he cry . rhah baaaaaaaaa !!!!!! defiance . pride . dig I , I be rhah - and there be not nobody like I in the world . ext / int : perimeter # 3 - lz chopper - day the chopper - with its huge red cross paint on - now rise to meet god. smashed on morphine , Chris look out at the wave ant below . now the tree , the skyline and the chopper be move fast over the devastation . the jungle forever lock in he memory , Chris look back , copious , quiet tear flow from he eye . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I think now , look back , we do not fight the enemy , we fight ourselves - and the enemy be in we ... the war be over for I now , but it will always be there - the rest of my day . as I be sure elias will be - fight with barne for what rhah call possession of my soul ... there be time since I have feel like the child bear of that two father ... but be that as it may , that of we who do make it have a obligation to build again , to teach to other what we know and to try with what 's leave of we life to find a goodness and meaning to this life ... the music surge now to its full strength as we replay bit of film with each actor 's name list - some with silly , clowning look , other sober , haunt . gardner , tex , King , rhah , lerner , sanderson , manny , Big harold - all the boy ... and then barne stare quietly into the camera , and lastly elias - shirt off , bowl of grass in hand , he big , beautiful smile . fade out : the end