< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> playback by Raymond Chandler playback a original screenplay by Raymond Chandler final draft March 24 , 1949 property of universal-mca Hollywood , CA . USA fade in : ext . OPEN landscape with railroad track -- day long shot a streamliner come toward camera which be off to one side of track . the landscape have pine and fir tree and be a northern Washington landscape . as the streamliner pass , the camera pan around follow it and stop . the streamliner tear off into the distance and in the foreground be we see a railroad sign -- " everett wash " dissolve to : int . streamliner in motion - corridor -- day showing OPEN door of four roomettes through the window can be see the landscape through which the train be pass . in the first roomette , count from the leave , be a well - dress , rather wise - look female , young , smart . she be make up she face . in the second be a middle - age couple , a canadian immigration inspector and a canadian custom inspector . in the third , betty mayfield be seat near the window , turn over the page of a magazine . she be about 27 year old , beautiful , blonde , and have a remote troubled expression , as though she thought be far away . the fourth be empty . there be a man 's suitcase in evidence on the seat . larry mitchell enter from the leave . he be tall , good -look , young , with superficial charm and rather too much self - assurance . he glance in at the woman in the first roomette , stop in the door and lean against it . we move in so this scene become a shot of a single roomette . over scene be heard the voice of the canadian Immigration Officer . canadian official ( o.s. ) good afternoon . you name , please . passenger ( o.s. ) George Olson . mitchell ( to the unknown woman ) better stop while it 's still perfect . she look up at he with a slow stare . canadian official ( o.s. ) and where be you bear , Mr. Olson ? passenger ( o.s. ) waukegan , Illinois . unknown woman ( to Mitchell ) be there something I can do for you ? mitchell there be a lot of thing you could do for I . immigration inspector ( o.s. ) and this be you wife , Mr. Olson ? passenger ( o.s. ) yes . she be bear in waukegan , too . same as Jack benny , you know . officer ( o.s. ) ( puzzle ) Jack benny ? unknown woman ( to Mitchell ) well , there be something you could do for I . mitchell I would be delighted . unknown woman you can move to one side . so my husband can get in . Mitchell glance back , then move to one side with a smile . he be quite unperturb . a rather decrepit man creep past he into the roomette with the unknown woman . she give Mitchell a quick flash smile . Mitchell grin , turn away . camera pull back and pan he past the next roomette we now see the immigration and custom official and two middle - aged passengers . custom official ( to Olson ) any firearm ? dutiable article of any kind , Mr. Olson ? Olson shake he head . camera pan Mitchell past this door to the door of better mayfield 's roomette . he lean in this as he do in the unknown woman 's roomette . mitchell ( to Betty ) would you care to see the Seattle paper ? Betty turn slowly , stare at he . betty no thanks , I have see Seattle . mitchell my name 's Larry Mitchell . I live in Vancouver . Betty say nothing . mitchell same as a hour ago . remember ? I be the steady type . betty ( coldly ) I be afraid there 's nothing I can do about it , Mr. Mitchell . camera now have move in close enough to exclude the other roomettes completely . mitchell you could tell I you name . and where you be go . betty how far do this train go ? mitchell Vancouver , b.c. betty I be go to Vancouver , Mr. Mitchell . she pick up a magazine and open it , ignore he . mitchell o.k . be rugge . he turn , start out , then look back at she . mitchell you be next for the Immigration and custom . I trust you papers be all in order . Betty look up quickly and cannot conceal a startle expression . Mitchell react . camera pull back as he come out into corridor , look towards the roomette in which the official be , then turn towards the next roomette and go into it . fuss with he suitcase . camera pan across to the official come out of Olson 's roomette . as they come out of Olson 's roomette . canadian immigration official I hope you will enjoy you stay in Canada , Mr. Olson . olson's voice ( o.s. ) thanks . canadian official then go on to Betty 's roomette , enter . canadian immigration official you name , please . betty Betty .. mayfield . there be a perceptible hesitation which immigration official notice . official Betty mayfield . miss or Mrs. Mitchell be see in he roomette , stand near the door listen . betty miss mayfield . official and where be you bear , miss mayfield ? betty New York , City . the official be a little suspicious . he look down at Betty 's hand which be clasped in she lap . official I see you be wear a wedding ring . betty I have be marry . my husband .. ( she break off and bite she lip ) inspector then I take it mayfield be not you marry name ? he be very polite , but be building up to ask for some identification papers . one this cue , Mitchell come out of he roomette , cross , enter Betty 's roomette . camera move in mitchell I have wire ahead to -- he break off , turn to Inspector , recognize he . mitchell Inspector gillette , be not it ? I be Larry Mitchell . we have meet before , several time . he take out wallet and hold it out to Inspector . mitchell I cross the border so often I carry a identification card . inspector ( glance at card ) yes , I remember you , Mr. Mitchell . ( glance at Betty ) you know this lady ? mitchell very well . since 1940 , at least . I meet she - - let I see - - it be New York City , be not it Betty ? Betty nod silently . Inspector turn back to she , hand Mitchell 's wallet back . inspector ( to Betty ) how long do you expect to be in Canada , miss mayfield ? betty oh .. a month . inspector ( make up he mind ) thank you . I hope you have a pleasant trip . he turn away , start out . custom inspector ( to Betty ) any firearm ? dutiable article of any kind ? betty no . custom official thank you . he mark she baggage . mitchell ( to custom Inspector ) my suitcase be open in the next room . custom inspector ( to Mitchell ) anything dutiable , Mr. Mitchell ? mitchell no. nothing . custom inspector thank you . custom Inspector go out . Mitchell sit down , look at Betty coolly . she avoid he eye . mitchell better get rid of the wedding ring . that 's what throw he . Betty look out of the window , say nothing . mitchell trouble ? Betty turn she head and look at he without speak . her face be empty of expression . mitchell or reno ? ( a beat ) they always throw they off the bridge there , I have hear . betty perhaps I do not take it so lightly . mitchell where be you stay in Vancouver Royal . it 's pretty crowded you know . betty be it ? I expect to go to the Vancouver Royal . should I have a reservation ? mitchell I will make one for you . ( a beat ) I live there . betty ( doubtfully ) well .. mitchell ( quietly ) a very small service . it do not even ask for thanks . how long for ? betty I really do not know . mitchell indefinitely ? betty ( with a shrug ) I do not know . mitchell ( eyeing she thoughtfully ) you do not know . he turn and go . she look after he , puzzle and rather attract . then he mood pass and she relapse again into she listless , hopeless manner . she reach for the magazine and start to leaf through its page indifferently , as we dissolve to : ext . royal HOTEL -- day long shot it be a massive brick and sandstone building , set in beautiful garden which slope down towards puget sound . closer shot - the entrance a taxi drive up , Larry Mitchell and Betty get out , porter come forward , take they luggage etc . Larry pay taxi and they start in through entrance . int . royal HOTEL - lobby - the desk -- day Larry and Betty come up to it , bellhop carry luggage . HOTEL clerk good afternoon , Mr. Mitchell . have a mouse trip ? glad to see you back . mitchell Fine , thanks . this be miss Betty mayfield . you have a reservation for she . clerk miss mayfield . yes , indeed . a balcony room on the top floor , magnificent view . nothing above it but the penthouse . he push registration pad towards Betty , and she sign . Mitchell turn , look out across lobby . a malicious smile move he lip . mitchell's Pov one side of the lobby be a glass - in- terrace . it be tea time and a couple of large tea wagon be be push around among the guest by footmen in uniform . with each tea wagon be two neat maids , who set out cup , pass sandwich , cake , etc. , while the footman pour the tea . closer shot a tea wagon beside a table at which sit mr . clarendon and margo west . Mr. clarendon be elegant , white - haire , aristocratic - look , a cane and spat type . margo be handsome , thirty -ish , almost overpoweringly well - dress . obviously money , obviously be around . margo be study she face in a pocket mirror . tea wagon and maid move away . margo I be get positively haggard . in a couple of year people will be describe I as well preserve . clarendon ( look off ) I see out friend Larry Mitchell be with we again . margo 's hand stop in mid-air , hold mirror . she look up slowly . margo I could not care less . just the same , she see in which direction . clarendon be look and start to turn . clarendon and with a very beautiful girl , if my eye do not deceive I at this distance . margo react and swing around , camera panning . Larry and Betty have turn away from the desk and be go towards elevator , bellhop behind they . Larry be bend towards Betty intimately . margo turn back to clarendon . her face be freeze with a control emotion . margo I do not think I want any tea . she pick up she bag and stand up . go out of shot . clarendon look after she with a malicious smile . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - margo' suite - live room -- day its be very spacious , obviously expensive . it be empty at the moment . margo unlock door from outside , come in , shut and cock door , walk swiftly into room , throw she bag viciously on the desk , yank she hat off , throw it on chair . she go over to the balcony window , take cigarette out of box on the desk , she hand shake as she light it with lighter . she puff at it furiously , look out of window . after a moment , she snub out in a ashtray , move across to telephone , pick it up . margo ( into phone ) Mr. Larry Mitchell , please ( a beat , she change she mind ) no , never mind . she put telephone back in cradle and go back to cigarette box , light another cigarette in the same nervous , jerky manner , and puff again . there be a knock on the door . she spin around , walk quickly to door , throw it open . Mitchell come in . she say nothing as he move in past she . she shut the door . mitchell I be afraid you be not very glad to see I , margo . margo ( between she tooth ) with you charm ? how could I help it ? have a nice trip ? mitchell so-so . margo who 's the girl ? mitchell her name 's mayfield . Betty mayfield . margo Nice . mitchell she 's just a girl I meet on the train . you do not mind do you ? margo ( tartly ) why should I mind ? mitchell you should not . you wash I up very thoroughly . margo as thoroughly as I could . it be not easy . but you be help I . mitchell ( stare at she ) margo , darling . you wash I up . remember ? we be just friend . you want it that way . margo ( ignore this ) she 's very beautiful . she 's much young than I be . and she 's rich , I hope . mitchell Rich ? I have not the faintest idea . why ? margo you ought to know why . mitchell I do not . my hunch be she 's just tear up a unhappy marriage . I be able to do she a small favor . margo splendid . now she can return the compliment . she cross the desk , get bag , get key out , unlock the desk drawer and jerk it open , take something out and turn , hold it in she hand . two check . margo she can give you enough money to cover this ... and the other bad check you have give I . Mitchell come up to she slowly , look down at the check . mitchell I hope to get enough to cover they before they clear . I be not lucky . margo you know what would happen to you if I turn this over to the police ? mitchell ( quietly ) I have a rough idea . margo you would go to jail . for a long term . mitchell correct . I could not even afford to pay a lawyer to defend I . a beat . they stare at each other . mitchell what will we do about it , margo ? margo she be much young than I be . that 's something I be go to have to get use to . be not it , Larry ? they will all be much young than I be . here . ( she hold out the check ) tear they up . he take they , put they in he pocket and stand there look at she . a sob catch in she throat . margo I guess I be still in love with you , Larry . what a idiot ! he reach to take she in he arm . first she push he off , then yield . he pull she close and kiss she . then , as they come out of the kiss , mitchell I have always be a heel . I guess I always will be . margo you do not have to make a pose of it . mitchell it 's the only pose I have leave . I be sink . break . I do not even have my hotel bill . margo ( a little sharply ) I seem to recognize this routine . first the kiss then the touch . ( she make a hopeless gesture . ) oh , what 's the use . you be you . she turn and move towards the desk . margo I only have a couple of hundred . she pick she bag up , hold it out . he come up beside she . margo I seem to remember that you like to help yourself . mitchell ( take the bag ) that 's not very kind . margo kind or not kind . what 's the difference ? it always end up the same way . he give she a twisted smile , open the bag , rummages through it , open the zipper pocket inside and come out with some currency and look over , put it in he pocket . put the bag down on the desk , glance into the open drawer . his look become fix . mitchell's Pov ( what he see ) , shoot down into the drawer , be a small , pearl - handle automatic , lie in the corner . Mitchell 's hand go down into it , take the gun . two - shot of margo and Mitchell as he hand come up with the gun . mitchell ( almost amused ) what 's this ? margo what do it look like ? mitchell how long have you have it ? margo year , why ? mitchell it 's against the law to cross the border with a gun . the canadian police might like to know about this . margo ( very quietly ) you already have the check , darling . mitchell I do not mean it that way ( he put the gun back in the drawer , push the drawer shut . ) I be sorry . margo oh , forget it . Clark brandon 's throw a party up in he penthouse this evening . take I ? mitchell of course . margo how about you new friend ? mitchell ( with a laugh ) I tell you she 's just .. margo ( cut in sharply ) a girl you meet on the train . Excuse my bring it up again . ( she glance at she wrist watch ) be back in a hour . right ? mitchell right . margo in a hour , Larry . Mitchell stare at she levelly for a moment , then go without a word . int . royal HOTEL - corridor outside margo' room -- day Mitchell have just close the door , stand with he hand on the knob , a smile play across he feature . he start to whistle as he walk down the corridor . he take a little dance step perhaps , this be to indicate that he whole attitude with margo be just part of a act . he stop beside the big sand jar , light a cigarette , drop the match in the jar , take out the money from margo 's bag , flip it with a smile on he face , put it back in he pocket , take out the two check margo give he , tear off the signature , place check in he pocket , tear the signature fragment into small piece , drop they into the jar , go on whistling . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - desk and elevator bank -- day a couple of guest at the desk . a clerk be hand out mail . campbell , the manager , be stand to one side . the elevator come down . Mitchell come out , cross to the desk and address Campbell . mitchell good afternoon , Mr. Campbell . campbell ( coldly ) Mr. Mitchell . mitchell ( airily ) a little something on account perhaps ? campbell Rather more than a little something , Mr. Mitchell . mitchell I be afraid this be all for the moment . Campbell pick up the money , count it , put it down . campbell I think we would better discuss this in my office , Mr. Mitchell . mitchell nothing to discuss . tomorrow the sun will shine even brighter . be grateful for small mercy . Campbell shrug , reach for the money . mitchell oh , I forget . I have a dinner engagement . Excuse I . he remove a couple of bill from the money . mitchell thank you , Mr. Campbell . he put money in he pocket , turn away . Campbell look after he with cold anger . Mitchell dodge back into elevator just as it be about to start up . int . royal HOTEL - betty' room -- day hat and suitcase in sight . Light be on in the closet . Betty be inside closet , hang up clothes . as she come out , switch off light , door buzzer sound . she open door , Mitchell breeze on past she . she register annoyance , then close door . Mitchell cross to the open french door of the balcony . mitchell Nice room . balcony and everything . Lovely view too . betty ( coolly ) very nice Mitchell turn . mitchell no thanks ? betty ( same voice ) thank you . mitchell ( frown ) suppose I have not know that immigration inspector ? have not put in a good word for you ? betty I be suppose . mitchell I think you be a nice girl . I like you . but I can read sign if the print be large enough . it be you manner more than the wedding ring that bother the inspector . a sort of tenseness , as if you be afraid of something . Betty just go on look at he . mitchell I have a darn good idea you be name be not Betty mayfield at all . betty yes ? mitchell how about take to uncle Larry into the old firm ? he 's a useful guy to have on you side . betty ( no answer ) mitchell ( slight change of pace ) do not get I wrong , Betty . I be not suggest you murder anybody , you know . Betty react . he see the reaction . his smile broaden . then very casually , mitchell dine and dance tonight ? I have get fifty buck to throw away . betty not tonight . mitchell what 's the matter ? betty I be not in the mood for dining and dance . mitchell we have some nice place around Vancouver . betty I be sure you have . mitchell ( puzzle a little ) well , how about a breeze up to the penthouse about six o'clock ? a friend of mine be throw a cocktail party up there . betty I have not be invite . mitchell nobody get invite to Clark brandon 's party . they just go . betty perhaps I would better get you straighten out , Mr. Mitchell . you have be rather nice to I , in a couple of way . and I be grateful . but I do not think this entitle you to put I on a leash . mitchell nobody I would rather have on a leash . Betty cross to the door and open it . betty I be awfully sorry , but I would like to take a bath and get freshen up . Mitchell hesitates , then come across slowly to the door . mitchell the brush -off , huh ? betty I be try very hard to be polite about it . Mitchell grin , then suddenly reach for she and kiss she . she do not struggle , be quite impassive . after a moment he let 's go , step back . mitchell do not I even get my face slap ? betty ( indicate the open door ) would you mind ? mitchell ( a little puzzle , confuse by she attitude ) okay . you win . he start out , turn to say , mitchell if you change you mind about the cocktail party , or anything else , give I a buzz . betty if I change my mind . he go . he close the door . camera move in on her face . she wipe off she lip with she handkerchief , almost in a absentmind way . the kiss do not mean anything to she , one way or another . there be great loneliness in she eye . fade out : fade in : int . royal HOTEL - lobby -- night wide shot show a lot of activity , etc . the time be 6:00 p.m. approximately , but this be June in Canada and broad daylight , and will be for several hour yet . in the background Betty come in through glass door from the garden terrace , walk slowly across the lobby . people be look at she with interest , specially the man . as she reach the elevator bank , she glance off to one side , past the desk . her look become fix . camera pan around to show a neon sign " tavern " this side of a archway and people go in . she turn away from elevator , start in that direction , pass on beneath sign . int . royal HOTEL - tavern -- night as Betty come in , stand look around . it be light somewhat dimly . there be a number of small table , . there be a bar but it be only for the use of the waiter . Betty look around for a vacant table , then start move along look for one . none empty , but at one sit a man alone . he be about 35 , clean fine draw type , with a saturnine expression . he glance up . Betty meet he eye , start to turn away . man indicate the chair opposite he . his manner of do this be so completely indifferent to she as a person , that she hesitates . brandon ( stand up ) you can have the table yourself , if you would rather . I be only kill time . betty no , please . brandon sit down then . we often have a double up here . betty I see . she pull the chair back , sit down . brandon sit down . he light a cigarette , do not offer she one . she be watch he , a little puzzle , probably have have very few experience of man not try to pick she up in such circumstance . Betty look around at the scurrying waiter who pay no attention to she yet . brandon ( call out sharply ) oh waiter . waiter turn , see he , immediately come to stand at he side . waiter yes sir . brandon , without speak , indicate Betty . waiter turn to she . waiter yes , miss . betty I would like a dry martini . very dry , please . waiter sorry , miss . beer and ale only . canadian law . betty ( surprised ) beer ? ( she shrug ) well , all right . waiter beer or ale , miss ? betty ale . I do not mind . waiter right , miss . he turn away . brandon be smile at she faintly , she meet he eye , smile back . betty ( to brandon ) you liquor law .. brandon ( cut in ) disgusting , be not they ? if you really want a martini , I know where you can get one . Betty look inquiringly at he and do not speak . brandon a fellow name brandon have a penthouse here . he 's hold open house . I be up there . too noisy . bore . betty I see . brandon ( indifferently ) it might be worth a martini to you . betty I do not need it that badly . I do not enjoy crash other people 's party . brandon it 's open-house . no crash involved . anybody in the hotel 's welcome . betty what do you say he name be ? brandon brandon . Clark brandon . fellow about my age . lot of money ... that he do not make . former american . now naturalize in Canada . Social stand indeterminate . manners not quite perfect . scotch superb . betty you do not sound as if you like he very much . brandon ( quietly ) no .. not very well . and I like he friend even less . but .. ( he wave he hand indifferently ) if you really want a good dry martini .. betty as I say before ... brandon sure . but I would hate like the dicken to be hold to everything I have say before , would not you ? Betty suddenly laugh . the waiter bring the glass and the bottle of bass ale , set they down in front of she . brandon make a motion and the waiter go away without collect . betty you be not pay for this . it 's quite enough that you let I sit at you table . brandon I never pay for anything . they just keep I here to amuse the guest . betty and do you amuse the guest ? brandon no . ( indicate she bottle of ale ) be you really go to drink that stuff ? betty you be drink it . brandon ( indicate he almost untouched glass ) I can be talk out of it . as a matter of fact , I would like a dry martini myself . betty would it make you anymore amusing ? brandon whatever you say . betty I do not say anything . brandon ( stand up and put money on the table ) I do not know you and you do not know I . I make a reasonably polite suggestion . but I be sure you would rather be alone . betty I hate to be alone . but I have hear all the approach there be ... even yours . brandon turn back , stare down at she coldly . brandon neatly say ... but to the wrong man . the trouble with pretty girl be that they can not imagine anyone think of anything else but the fact they be pretty girl . I get tired of it . betty ( directly ) do you think I do not ? brandon ( interested ) thanks for the fresh air . that feel good . betty ( stand up and take she bag ) you be sure Mr. brandon will not mind ? brandon he do not even know half the people who come up to drink he liquor . dissolve to : ext . royal HOTEL - lobby / penthouse -- night a elevator come up . brandon and Betty come out . there be a sound of revelry behind the penthouse door , opposite the elevator . they cross . brandon open the door casually , without bother to ring , user Betty in . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - live room -- night a big room , with french door open on a large terrace . a few couple be dance outside on the terrace and a few more inside the room . there be a portable bar at one side of the room and two waiter behind it . the dance music be come from a large radio- phonograph . brandon and Betty come in . brandon shut the door . there be eighteen or twenty people around , with the usual alcoholic glitter in they eye and the usual strident voice and exaggerated laughter . camera pan brandon and betty over toward the bar , discovering Mitchell lean against it , stare morosely into a drink . he drain the last of it . mitchell ( to bartender in a thick voice ) another . bartender take a glass . brandon and Betty come up to the bar . Mitchell do not at first look up . brandon ( to bartender ) this lady would like a dry martini . so would I . bartender very good , sir . he turn away . Mitchell look up , see Betty , react . mitchell well well . baby would not come with I . where do you pick she up ? brandon glance from Betty to Mitchell puzzle , shrug . brandon hello , Mitchell . have fun ? mitchell the liquor lovely . the rest of the party you can have . he move towards Betty , put a arm around she . Betty rise try to pull away . mitchell what 's the matter , baby . do not you like I anymore ? brandon ( to Mitchell ) Lay off , can not you ? mitchell Lay off what ? this be my new girl friend . met she on the train . she 's very fond of I . Love at first sight . be not it , baby ? brandon react . there be a certain contempt in he look at Betty now . bartender serve drink impassively . Mitchell grab he , gulp half of it down . Betty quietly release herself and move away from he . brandon and I would begin to think this be my lucky day . a livery HOTEL servant come into shot . servant ( to brandon ) you be want on the telephone , Mr. brandon . Mrs. West . as the servant say " brandon " , Betty react . brandon ( to servant ) thanks . ( to Betty with brutal sarcasm ) if you be a friend of Larry Mitchell 's I be sure I leave you in good hand . he go out of shot . she look after he unhappily . camera pan brandon across he live room to a inner door . he start through . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - bedroom -- night telephone on table , receiver down as brandon enter , close door against the noise . brandon ( into phone ) hello margo . be not you come up ? ( a beat ) Mitchell ? oh yes , he 's here . ( he smile a little grimly ) he come up alone , but it seem he have a new girl friend with he now . ( a beat ) do not be theatrical , margo . what do you care about Mitchell ? come on up and have a drink . int . royal HOTEL - margo' live room -- night margo on the phone . margo ( in a flat voice ) I have not any intension of be theatrical . of course I will come up . Goodbye . she hang up , stand for a moment , stare at nothing , then she turn , pick she wrap out of the chair , put it on , cross to the desk for she handbag . she open the bag , pause , then in slow motion , pull open the drawer of the desk . camera in close , study she face as she look down into the drawer of the desk , which we do not see . but we already know there be a gun there . her body be quite motionless , she expression freeze . when she move we do not see whether she take the gun out of the drawer or not . we hear the SNAP of she bag shutting . the she turn away , start across the room to leave . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - elevator in motion up -- night a quiet , gentlemanly - look man be lean against the back wall of the elevator , wear a trench coat and a soft hat . he be a homicide dick name killaine , but you would never think that to look at he . Elevator stop , door open , and margo enter . elevator boy ( very polite ) do you have a nice day , Mrs. West ? margo I have a rotten day , if its any of you business . elevator boy I be terribly sorry , Mrs. West . margo do not let it break you up . elevator boy oh , I would not do that , Mrs. West . the man chuckle , margo look around at he . margo what 's so funny ? killaine wipe the smile off he face . killaine ( imitate boy ) I be terribly sorry , Mrs. West . as she stare at he , he take he monocle out of he pocket , polish it , stick it in he eye . margo oh , the coldstream Guards . ( a beat ) do not you take you hat off in elevator ? killaine ( pleasantly ) I never wear a hat . ( he face change to consternation ) oh , so I be . I forget . ( he take he hat of for ) I guess I be terribly sorry again , Mrs. West . Elevator stop . elevator boy penthouse floor , please . margo sweep out , killaine follow she . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse floor - lobby -- night as they cross to the penthouse door . killaine May I ? he push the button . margo May you what ? killaine oh nothing . margo be you always this witty ? killaine laugh as the door open . brandon stand in it . brandon hi margo . hello killaine . you two come together ? margo in the same elevator . it be a public conveyance . camera take they into the room the door start to close . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - live room -- night brandon , killaine and margo stand by the door . brandon let I introduce you . Mr. killaine , Mrs. West . margo ( not look at killaine ) fascinate . her eye roam the room . she pick out Mitchell . her expression freeze . margo' Pov what she sees -- Betty be sit in she chair in a corner and Mitchell be stand over she , he hand on the back of the chair . her expression be wooden . his be a mixture of insolence and plead . camera return to margo , brandon and killaine as they cross to the bar . at the same time Mitchell leave Betty , also cross to the bar , reach it about the same time as margo . margo give Mitchell a long , cool , empty stare . Mitchell smile a little sheepishly , embarrassed even in he drunkenness . at the same time Mitchell leave Betty , also cross to the bar , reach it about the same time as margo . margo give Mitchell a long , cool , empty stare . Mitchell smile a little sheepishly , embarrassed even in he drunkenness . brandon what will you have , margo ? margo ( without look at he ) martini . brandon ( to killaine ) you , killaine ? killaine scotch and plain water , I think . margo ( not look at he ) warm water , no doubt . brandon what ? killaine a private joke . he get the monocle out and stick it in he eye again . killaine it go with this ... cold house and warm drink ... the effete englishman . brandon you be not English . bartender serve drink . margo put she bag down on the bar . it make a heavy clunking SOUND . killaine be eye go to it , without too much expression . Mitchell react more . to he the clunking sound have a meaning . he start to reach for the bag . margo pointedly move it away from he . mitchell ( to margo thickly ) I be sorry . I forget about call for you . margo it 's quite unimportant , Mr. Mitchell . after all , you get what you want . mitchell be nasty . margo I have no intension of be nasty , Mr. Mitchell . mitchell in that case , there 's someone here I would like to introduce to you . over there . margo look towards Betty . she react . margo ( almost to herself ) she be beautiful . and young . ( she turn back to Mitchell ) no thank you . mitchell ( aggressively ) I say yes ! margo quietly turn she back on he and reach for she glass . margo you be not the type to be masterful , darling . it take character . Mitchell reach for she shoulder and spin she around , cause she to slop some of she drink out on the bar . margo ( with sudden deadly sweetness ) of course , darling . anything you say . she go off with Mitchell . killaine look after then puzzle . brandon be indifferent . killaine that 's what I like about cocktail party . everyone be so perfectly natural . brandon how 's life treat you ? killaine the usual grind . brandon round of golf Saturday ? killaine if I can get off . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - live room -- night corner of the room Betty be sit alone as margo and Mitchell come into shot . mitchell Betty , this be margo West . she want to meet you . miss mayfield . betty how do you do ? margo ( stare at she ) you be very attractive , my dear . and you look very unsophisticate . mitchell unsophisticate ? ( he laugh nastily ) if I know about this babe ... Betty stand up quickly . betty I think I would like to dance . mitchell why certainly , baby . he put he arm around Betty and dance off with she , leave margo stand . camera follows they as they dance . they pass Mr. clarendon , who be sit as usual with he sliver - haire cane between he leg , pay no particular attention to anything . betty ( to Mitchell as they dance ) please be a little more careful how you talk , Mr. Mitchell . mitchell how careful should I be ? betty I do not like be refer to as babe , or address as baby . I do not like you possessive attitude , nor you hint of secret knowledge . in fact , to be very frank , Mr. Mitchell , I do not think I like you . mitchell maybe you be go to have to like I . he disengage she leave hand enough to hold it up and look at it . mitchell you have shed the ring , have not you ? take my advice . that 's the girl . keep right on take my advice and we will get somewhere . Betty jerk away from he and stop . betty I think you be drunk . mitchell just drunk enough . he put he arm around she , pull she close to he , and tilt she head back . she struggle against he , silently . he push she head back father and kiss she solidly on the mouth . she finally break away from he with flash eye . mitchell what 's the matter , baby ? do not you like be kiss ? betty ( with cold fury ) next time you try that , Mr. Mitchell ... ( a beat , she take a deep breath , then very pointedly ) ..do not . I be warning you . brandon and margo come into shot from different direction brandon do I a favor , Mitchell . find yourself a nice secluded park bench . mitchell ( airily ) do I do something wrong ? brandon I would not know . just do it somewhere else . there be such a thing as good manners . mitchell how would you know , brandon ? brandon ( harshly ) want to walk out ... or get throw out ? mitchell you do not throw guest out , brandon . brandon do not bet on it . I be eccentric . the two man glare at each other . Mitchell finally shrug then go towards the door . margo ( to brandon , quietly ) it take two to clinch . Clark . Nice to have see you . she start towards the door . brandon hurry quickly to open it for she . she go without look at he , she mouth tight . he shut the door , look back towards Betty , who have remain stand perfectly still . she take a handkerchief out of she bag and scrub she mouth off as brandon come back to she . clarendon stand up slowly . brandon ( to Betty , offhand ) dance ? betty no thank you . clarendon ( to brandon ) where I come from , Mr. brandon , the host try to protect he guest from insult . brandon I stop he . clarendon and if he fail , he at least have the good manners to apologize . brandon I do not exactly regard Larry Mitchell 's pick-up ... clarendon turn back on he . then -- clarendon ( to Betty , with courtly gesture ) we have not be introduce . but if you will overlook that , I be sure that between we we can contrive a graceful exit . betty ( smile at he warmly ) thank you very much . they go towards the door side by side . brandon turn and camera pan he back to bar where killaine have remain motionless , he drink untast . brandon would it have help if I would knock he down ? killaine hardly . who 's the girl ? brandon somebody Mitchell pick up on the train . I do not even know she name . killaine she do not look like a girl who would let herself be pick up on a train . brandon that 's what I think , at first . ( a beat ) maybe somebody else ought to have throw this party . ( a beat ) with my liquor of course . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - betty' bedroom -- night close shot face of travel clock on a night table . room be dark , light only by moonlight . hand of the clock stand almost 11:15 . tick be heard faintly . a little smoke drift across the face of the clock . camera pan back along the smoke to Betty lie in bed , she eye wide open . somewhere outside a church clock chime the quarter hour . the last stroke of the clock be drown out by a sudden peal of thunder . Betty jerk upright in bed . the thunder frighten she . there be another louder peal , this time precede by a flash of lightening which light up her face . she shut she eye against it . the thunderstorm grow suddenly heavy . repeated flash of lightening across she face and peal of thunder . camera move in on her eye which be freeze . flashback : int . county courthouse - greenwater NORTH CAROLINA -- night camera pull back very slowly and everything have change except Betty 's expression . the flash go on , but they be now see to be flashbulb of newspaper cameramen . Betty be dress very soberly and be stand just inside the door of a courtroom with a jail matron beside she . the camera keep pulling back away from betty , and the entire courtroom be see . it be late at night in the county courthouse greenwater , NORTH CAROLINA . there be a excited buzzing of conversation . a bailiff be rapping for order . the jury be sit , grim face and silent , in the box . the judge be not on the bench yet . Betty be lead along the side corridor then through the bar where defense attorney , a haggard , dark - haire young man , stand wait for she . ( note : all Southern accent except Betty 's in this scene ) bailiff ( shouting ) everybody stand up ! his honor , judge hopkinson ! Court now in session ! everybody stand up . Betty and the jail matron and the young attorney face towards the bench . camera show the prosecute attorney , also stand up at he table . camera pan over to the door of the judge chamber . he walk slowly to the bench , stand for a moment behind it , look out over the courtroom , then sit down . he be a distinguished courtly southerner of the best type , a old man but very erect . when he sit , all the spectator and lawyer sit down . the double door at the back be close and a bailiff stand with he back to they . suddenly , one of the door be push open , almost knock the bailiff out of the way . he turn angrily as henry kinsolving enter . the bailiff see who it be , stand aside . Henry kinsolve be a arrogant , bitter man about 60 year old , with the stamp of power and authority . he march down the center aisle of the court through the bar , and sit at the table near the prosecutor . the judge stare down at he coldly . judge Mr. bailiff , please make room for Mr. Henry kinsolve , outside the bar of the court . Henry kinsolve spring to he foot and glare at the judge . then he turn and go through the gate of the bar and sit down outside in a chair the bailiff place for he solicitously . there be a general shuffle of foot and noise which subside slowly . judge ( slowly and impressively ) before the jury render its verdict , the Court wish to warn that present that there be to be no demonstration of any kind . no person be to leave the courtroom until the Court rise . ( he glance towards press table ) I repeat ... no one be to leave the courtroom . there be a silence , then the judge turn towards the clerk . judge you may proceed , Mr. clerk . clerk ( he stand and look at Elizabeth ) the defendant will rise and face the jury . elizabeth stand up slowly and turn towards the jury , who do not look at she . they stare somewhere over she head . the clerk turn back to the jury . clerk gentlemen of the jury , have you reach a verdict ? foreman ( stand ) we have . clerk and what be you verdict ? foreman we the jury , find the defendant , Elizabeth kinsolve , guilty of murder in the first degree . there be a surge of noise in the well of the court . the judge rap sharply with he gavel . a couple of pressmen start to get up , then look back and see that the door be guard and sit down again . the prosecutor look grimly satisfied ; he glance at the defending council with a half smile . Defense counsel , whose name be leamington , be shocked and pale . Elizabeth show no reaction at all . Henry kinsolve draw he mouth a little tighter , and there be a gleam in he eye . the spectator look , for the most part , very satisfied . leamington come to he foot . leamington ( in a strangle voice ) motion to pool the jury , if it please the Court . judge so order . the clerk now proceed to poll the jury , say " juror no . 1 what be you verdict ? " and the juror answer " guilty of murder in the first degree . " " juror no. 2 , what be you verdict ? " etc . this be cover by a series of close ups all answer clearly until the clerk come to juror no. 7 , who mumble in a low voice . clerk ( to juror no. 7 ) speak a little louder please . juror no. 7 be stare hard at Elizabeth . his face be twisted with emotion . he be the only juror who have look at she . he swallow , do not answer , then he eye go to Henry kinsolve . Henry kinsolve glare at juror no. 7. juror no. 7 wilt . juror no . 7 ( thickly and hesitatingly ) guilty of murder in the first degree . the clerk complete the polling of the jury , then turn to the judge . the judge nod and clerk sit down . the courtroom start to get noisy again , and the judge use he gavel . bailiff order in the Court ! judge the Court now have a statement to make . he glance towards Elizabeth , who be still stand rigidly . judge ( gently ) please sit down , Mrs. kinsolve . Elizabeth sit , and clasp she hand in front of she . judge this court , like most court , have occasionally be guilty of judicial error . Prior to the commencement of this trail , Mr. leamington , as attorney for the defendant , make a motion for a change of venue on the ground that a fair trial could not be have by this defendant in this jurisdiction . most of you know why this motion be make . the defendant be alleged to have be try and convict in the column of the daily newspaper own by she father - in- law , Mr. Henry kinsolve , and as a result public opinion be say to have be prejudice to the extent that it be doubtful twelve juror could be find with open mind . this Court regretfully deny the motion . it do not believe that a jury with open mind could not be find . the member of this jury declare on oath that they mind be open . the Court have no reason at that time to disbelieve they . the judge look at the jury sternly , and they react in various way . the judge 's eye go to Henry kinsolve , who stare back at he . judge Elizabeth kinsolve have be try and find guilty of murder of she husband , Lee kinsolve . Lee kinsolve be the only son of we most prominent citizen . Mr. kinsolve control , or be say to control , we lead bank , many of we business enterprise and we only daily newspaper . he afford employment to a large number of we citizen . his influence on we affair be very great . ( dramatic pause ) perhaps to great . there be a upsurge of noise in the Court and the bailiff shot for order . prosecutor jump to he foot . prosecutor you honor , I protest that statement ! judge sit down , Mr. prosecutor . you be out of order . prosecutor swallow , look back at Henry kinslove , shrug and sit down again . leamington be lean forward with a gleam in he eye . Elizabeth be still deadpan . judge we all new Lee kinsolve well , we watch he grow up . we observe that he be proud and hot tempere , and have a strain of arrogance , not unlike other of he family . he look meaningfully at Henry kinsolve . judge from this town Lee kinsolve go to fight for he country . and to this town , before he go overseas , he bring the wife he have marry up North . to we he return a war hero badly wounded , condemn for the rest of he life to wear a heavy brace around he neck . competent medical testimony have show that without that brace a very slight movement might have be enough to snap he spinal cord . this injury humiliate and embitter Lee kinsolve , make he morose and violent , and perhaps cause he to drink to excess . the defendant have admit that there be bitter quarrel between herself and she husband . such a quarrel take place on the night of he death , upon the manner of that death this entire proceeding rest . the judge pause and look out over the courtroom , which be very quiet now , he pour himself a glass of water and take a drink from it . judge in my summing up to the jury I emphasize that the case for the prosecution be , as so many murder case be , purely circumstantial . it be alleged that while Lee kinsolve sleep , perhaps in a drunken stupor and perhaps not , the defendant remove the neck brace from he neck and jerk he head sufficiently to rupture the spinal cord and cause death . it be admit that the defendant be find hold the neck brace in she hand , and bend over she husband 's body , which be lie on the bed . not in the bed , mind you , but sprawle across it . the defendant have testify that lee kinsolve himself remove the neck brace to torment she , as it be , with the great danger in which this place he . then he start to walk towards she , hold the brace in he hand , and that be unsteady on he foot , he stumble and fall backwards across the bed . and this fall break he neck , although at the time she do not know it . she have testify that she pick the brace up from the floor and be about to attempt to replace it on he neck when she father - in - law enter the room and find she in that position . ( a beat ) by its verdict the jury declare that Elizabeth kinsolve 's account of the death of she husband to be impossible of belief . the judge sip a little more water , then continue . judge in all murder trail , a motion by the Defense for a direct verdict of acquittal before the case go to the jury be more or less automatic . it be usually perfunctory , and for that reason immediately deny . the law of this state , and a few other jurisdiction , confer upon a Court a right to reserve its ruling upon such a motion until after the jury have render its verdict . in this proceeding , I , as preside judge , avail myself of this power . I most honestly hope that the jury in this case might act as impartially as it declare itself to be . the prosecute Attorney again jump to he foot , then change he mind , sit down with a frustrated angry movement . kinsolve be lean forward , glaring . the jury be now very uncomfortable . the be a buzz of noise and the bailiff again shout for order . judge let I remind you that a jury be the sole judge of fact , and further let I remind you that the jury must judge all the fact . it may not select nor create nor change fact . it may only interpret they . it may not declare something impossible which in fact be merely extremely difficult to believe . ( a beat ) impossible be a very big word . ( another beat . ) if we believe Elizabeth kinsolve 's swear testimony , we must also believe that Lee kinsolve perform a act which be almost certain to cause he death . it be difficult ... very difficult to believe . but be it impossible ? be we sure that he know it would cause he death ? or that in he then state of mind , he even consider the consequence at all ? many people have attempt suicide as a result of domestic quarrel . not all have succeed , nor mean to succeed . and surely not all that who do succeed ... fully intend to . not all know what they be do and that who do know , there be surely a few whose desire to hurt other overcame they fear of hurt themselves . we cannot know what be in Lee kinsolve 's mind . therefore , some element of doubt must infallibly remain . it be not necessary for this jury to declare its belief in the defendant 's innocence , nor to declare its that Lee kinsolve by accident or he own intent . it be necessary for the jury to admit to themselves , as reasonable man , the possibility .... however slight ... that Elizabeth kinsolve 's story be true . this possibility the jury have refuse to admit . ( dramatic pause ) it therefore become my duty to declare that such a possibility do in fact exist ... and the jury 's refusal to recognize it be a failure to exercise it proper function . a rise , antagonistic sound begin to surge from the spectator and Henry kinsolve come to he foot , slowly and rigidly . the judge ignore he and look straight at the foreman of the jury , and speak the rest of he speech in a clear , ringing , dominate voice . judge the Court therefore rule that the motion of the Attorney for the Defense for a direct verdict of not guilty be now grant . the verdict of guilty bring by this jury be herby set aside , and a verdict of not guilty be to be enter on the record . ( he voice bow rise almost to a shout ) and the defendant , Elizabeth kinsolve , be here with discharge from custody of the sheriff of this county . pandemonium and uproar in the Court . the bailiff shout for order . the judge stand slowly , look a moment out over the Court , then look at Elizabeth , smile at she faintly , turn , and start back towards he chamber . camera pan over to Henry kinsolve . he stand like a statue , a icy rage , he face work , while behind he the noise of the spectator go on . kinsolve turn he head towards Elizabeth , then move stiffly over to she . camera panning , he come over to she . leamington , the Defense Attorney , and the matron be stand beside she . kinsloving ( with restrain fury ) for four year I endure you presence in my house , although I well know you be no fit wife for my son .. that he have marry in haste , and that he would repent it bitterly if he survive the war . I have no think that he would die under he own roof , nor that the reward of my patience would be to stand beside he grave . I have do my best to avenge he . so far I have fail . but I have not finish . you be free to go where you will , but there will be another day of reckoning , somewhere , sometime . and when that day come , I will be there . and that time you will not escape . Elizabeth 's eye widen with horror . in the background the crowd be still roaring , like peal of thunder . camera move in close to elizabeth' eye as at the beginning of this flashback . flash forward : int . royal HOTEL - betty' bedroom -- night camera withdraws and find she sit up in bed in the royal HOTEL . thunder be peal outside , but now more distantly . there be a sudden downpour of rain . Betty sweep the bedclothes aside . reaches for a robe , and cross to close the french door . over she shoulder we see a portion of the small balcony , a chaise , and as Betty start to close the door , she stop freeze . there be someone lie on the chaise . she start out into the rain . ext . royal HOTEL - betty' balcony -- night as she come out , approach the chaise , lean down , the rain beat on she . she shake the shoulder of a man on the chaise . he do not move . one of he hand drop limply and swing a little . horror show in Betty 's eye . she reach out and touch the man 's face and we see for the first time that this be Larry Mitchell , and we realize that he be dead . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - porter' desk / corridor / MAIN floor -- night the night porter be seat at he desk , read a paper . he be a middle - age man in uniform and military bear , with a row or ribbon across he chest . probably , in order of seniority , a military Medal , a good conduct Medal , the Long service Medal , and two or three campaign ribbon . Betty , now fully dress , come slowly into the shot and stop by he desk . porter lay down he paper and stand up . porter good evening , miss . betty how soon can I get a plane to Seattle ? porter I be afraid there 's nothing more tonight , miss . unless you charter a plane . betty how long would that take ? porter well ... they have to service the plane ... and get a pilot down to the field , unless there 's one hang around there still ... and then they have to get the immigration officer ... betty Immigration Officer ? porter cross the border this time of night they be a bit particular . you would have to prove you identity , you know ... unless you have get a passport . they might even want to know why you be in such a hurry . ( he grin ) otherwise they might think ... he break off , stare at she . betty they might think I be run away from something . porter possibly , miss . he smile . betty thank you very much . she turn and exit . camera follows her along . she turn the corner by the elevator bank , start into the elevator . brandon be stand there in a light overcoat , with he hat in he hand . she get 's in without notice he . int . royal HOTEL - elevator in motion up -- night brandon leave we so soon , miss mayfield ? she realize he presence . brandon I do not blame you .. for run away . Betty react sharply , control herself , say nothing . Elevator stop , door open . elevator boy good night , miss . betty good night . she start out . brandon after she . elevator boy this be not the penthouse floor , Mr. brandon . brandon keep go . int . royal HOTEL - corridor outside elevator -- night Betty be walk quickly down the corridor towards she room . brandon be follow she . she seem unaware of he . brandon ( call ) miss mayfield ... Betty stop turn , and he come up to she . brandon I know it 's a littler late for a apology . betty ( in a strain , un natural voice ) much too late . brandon do not take it so big ... it be not a tragedy . Betty go into a peal of hysterical laughter , brandon grab hold of she arm and shake it . brandon what 's the matter with you ? Betty stop laugh just as suddenly as she begin . betty you say it be not a tragedy . brandon what 's funny about that ? if you pick up people like Larry Mitchell other people be bound to get funny idea about you . the world be full of Larry mitchell . betty there 's one less tonight . brandon react . silently she hold out a key . he take it . it 's a tabbed hotel room key . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - betty' room -- night door open brandon come in , stand aside as Betty come in . he shut and lock the door . the room be light up . brandon look around swiftly . betty out on the balcony . camera pan brandon across the room to the balcony door , he step out . ext . royal HOTEL - betty' balcony -- night brandon enter . he go quickly to chaise , stare down , bend , appear to pick something up . what be it not see . int . royal HOTEL - betty' room -- night Betty be stand motionless in the middle of the floor . brandon through the heart , apparently . very little blood . what 's the story ? Betty look he straight in the eye . betty there be not one .. that anyone would believe . I go for a walk after dinner , down to the ocean ... alone ... I come up and go to bed . I do not sleep very well . then there be a thunderstorm . and it begin to rain . I go across to close the french door . that 's the first time I see he out there . brandon he get in here how ? betty not with my consent , strange as it seem . I do not know how he get in . I do not know anything . brandon bring he hand up . brandon ever see this before ? Betty look down . in he hand be a automatic with a pearl handle . betty no . and I have never fire a gun in my life , be not you suppose not to touch it ? brandon sure ... but somebody always do .. he put the gun down on the table carelessly , get out a cigarette case and offer she one . she take it and he light it for she . her hand be shaky . they face be very close together . he hold the lighter close to she eye . brandon ( quietly ) Lovely eye ... honest eye .. the light go out . brandon they will know whether he kill himself . betty I do not . brandon how do you meet he ? betty on a train . he say he live here , and he offer to make a reservation for I . brandon Nice of he . betty he know the immigration officer . he ease himself in . brandon he be a great boy for that . what else ? betty that 's all there be . brandon take she by the shoulder and pull she close , look into she eye . brandon they be still honest eye ... but there 's something behind they . he pull she closer , about to kiss she . betty go ahead ... if you want to . it do not matter . brandon I would rather wait until it do matter . he let go of she and start across the room , pick up telephone . brandon turn with the telephone in he hand . brandon you try to run away . betty there be not any plane . brandon it 's always a mistake to run away . always . he begin to dial . fade out : fade in : int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - live room -- night brandon be stand at the french window , a cup of coffee in he hand . camera pull back as he eye go over to Betty who be in a chair with a untouched cup of black coffee on the table beside she . brandon ( go towards she ) want a spike in it ? betty ( without look at he ) no thanks . her voice and expression be dead and exhaust . camera pull back further to show margo and clarendon sit across the room from Betty . margo be stare at Betty with cold hostility . she be wear slack , but otherwise dress with care and finish . clarendon be fully dress and have he silver - top cane between he leg , but have slipper on he foot . margo you make friend quickly , do not you , Clark ? brandon sometimes . margo and without much discrimination . brandon leave that one lay . margo they still hang woman in Canada , I have hear . clarendon so much less refine than frizzling they in the chair . margo oh , shut up ! ( she look down at he foot ) you have not even get you spat on . brandon cross to coffee table , pick up coffee pot and go to margo with it . margo think I will have trouble stay awake ? brandon fill she cup silently . margo choke . bite on she handkerchief hard . she control herself . margo I be sorry . this thing have just knock I silly . how long do we have to wait for this police character ? brandon until he come . he 's a nice guy . you have meet he . margo that comedian ? Betty look across at brandon with sudden interest . brandon do not let the eyeglass fool you . that 's what it 's for . door buzzer sound . brandon cross to open door . a plain - clothes Dick name handley be stand there . handley you Mr. brandon ? brandon nod . handley Inspector killaine 's compliment . he will be up in another ten minute . brandon nod again , and as handley start to turn away , brandon start to close the door . CUT to : ext . royal HOTEL - betty' balcony -- night portable light have be rig up and a police photographer be take photograph of the body . as he finish , a sheet be throw over it and the photographer start to dismantle he equipment and pack it up . a couple of plain -clothes men be stand around , and one of they name gore , a detective sergeant , a big sore - head who do not like anybody . as the photographer extinguish one of the light and start to wind up the cord , Gore look off and scowl . killiane enter shot briskly . he be wear a trenchcoat and no hat . gore you in charge here ? killaine so it seem sergeant . gore right . killaine I hate to pull rank on you sergeant , but once in a while ... for moral purpose ... you might address I as " Inspector " . in moment of extreme desperation , you might even call I " sir " . he go over to the chaise , lift the sheet off corpse , look down , replace sheet , come back to Gore . killaine I know he . he be easy to dislike , poor chap . gore they tell I he will be a great loss to the liquor trade . this mayfield girl ... he break off as killaine react gore ... I suppose you know she , too , Inspector . killaine I have meet she . gore it 's she room . she only get to the Hotel this afternoon , . with he . ( he indicate body on chaise ) I guess he take too much for grant . here 's the gun . he take it out of he pocket and hold it out on a handkerchief . killaine take the gun from he , handkerchief and all . killaine Pearl -handle .25 Automatic , uh ? ( he look a little closer ) no , it 's a belgian gun ... 6.6 mm . gore correct , Inspector . a woman 's gun . U.S. 125 caliber ammunition in it . it be on a table in there . he nod towards room . killaine frown . gore nobody 's be question yet . you notice the wound entry ? killaine nod . gore much too low for a suicide . not conclusive , of course . but a woman of ordinary height , stand rather close to a tall man , such as he be ... ( indicate corpse ) ... would be apt to shoot he about where he get shot . killaine nod again . gore then there 's the shell . he take out a small envelope , hand it to killaine . gore this make of gun throw a shell backwards , high , and to the right . the chaise be only about four foot from the wall . killaine so the shell ought to have go over ? gore unless the gun be slant up . killaine so the wound and the shell give you the same answer . gore right . a clean deduction from observe fact . they have get to be simple once in a while , Inspector . killaine ( dryly ) I have always look forward to it . all right , let 's get he out of here and tidy up . he start to turn away . gore I would take a look in she clothes closet if I be you , Inspector . killaine nod and exit scene . int . royal HOTEL - betty' room -- night killaine enter from the balcony then stand a moment , look around , cross to dress table , look down , and we see trace of fingerprint powder on the toilet article and bottle . he do not touch anything . he cross to closet , open door . a light go on inside . he start in . int . royal HOTEL - betty' closet -- night killaine examine several garment , take a sport coat off hanger , open it up at lining . his look become fix and intent . he react . ( what he see be that the sew - in label have be remove from the garment . ) slowly he replace the coat , then take down another garment , go through the same performance . he whistle very softly between he tooth , stand a moment with a puzzle expression on he face , replace the garment . exit closet . Light go out . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - lobby -- night as elevator come up , killaine exit elevator , cross , press buzzer beside brandon 's door . brandon open it , killaine nod to he , pass he on the way in . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - live room -- night as killaine enter , stop , look around . killaine I be sorry to have keep you wait , Mrs. West , Mr. clarendon . he turn to Betty . killaine miss mayfield . there 's not much I can do tonight . but there be one thing . he move across to clarendon , take gun and handkerchief out of he pocket and hold it so only clarendon can see it . killaine Mr. clarendon , have you ever see this before ? clarendon ( look down ) I be sorry , Inspector , I do not know much about .. killaine ( sharply ) recently , then . clarendon ( slowly ) no , not recently . I be sure of that . killaine thank you . he move to margo , hold gun in front of she . killaine Mr. West ? margo 's eye go down very slowly . she stare at the gun for a long moment before speak . margo ( in a choke voice ) I never see it before . killaine positive ? margo lift she face to he and nod . killaine thank you . brandon yes , I have see it before . killaine react sharply . killaine catch the reaction with the corner of he eye , but appear not to pay any attention . brandon obviously do see the reaction . killaine turn back to brandon . killaine where ? brandon on miss mayfield 's balcony .. beside the chaise , I pick it up . do not ask I why . I ought to know better . killaine quite sure you have no motive ? killaine glance sidewise at Betty . brandon could be . killaine I rather think so . and before that , have you ever see the gun ? brandon no . margo be see to react with great relief which she try to conceal . killaine give another quick sidelong look . brandon have continue to watch she . killaine ( to brandon ) it be lie where on the balcony ? brandon near he right hand . about a foot away . perhaps more . good heaven , one do not use a tape measure . killaine we do , when we get the chance . killaine turn so that he face margo and clarendon . killaine I need not keep you any longer , Mr. clarendon . clarendon ( stand up ) thank you . it be rather late ... and I be not young anymore . good night . margo what about I ? killaine not quiet yet . he cross and open door . clarendon go out . killaine shut door , go to margo . killaine you know Mitchell pretty well , do not you , Mrs. West ? margo I be in love with he ... which show you the quality of my brain . ( burst out -- look at Betty ) why do not you ask she about the gun ? killaine I shall . from you knowledge of Mitchell , would you say he would be likely to commit suicide ? margo anybody could commit suicide , if he feel low enough . I have feel it myself . killaine then why not give miss mayfield the benefit of the doubt ? margo I would be delighted to ... anytime you can show I the doubt . I will wrap it up in tissue paper and put a Christmas seal on it for she . killaine thank you very much , Mrs. West . margo flounce to door , jerk it open before anybody can get there to hold it for she , and go out , bang the door after she . brandon how about a cup of coffee ? killaine no thanks . I have some . how would you like to take a walk for , say , half and hour ? brandon glance at Betty , then back at killaine , shrug . brandon all right . he cross , get hat and coat , go to door and out . killaine turn to Betty . killaine Mrs. West be a very emotional woman . betty I do not know she .. or particularly want to . killaine you probably know the type . you find they in hotel and resort all over the world . they always have clothes , and money , and usually have have three or four husband . they dress and enamel themselves with great care . they worry a great deal about that little line at the corner of the eye .. and they demonstrate they incompetence at the art of live bet get mix up with people like Larry Mitchell . ( a beat ) tell I about yourself , miss mayfield . betty I be bear in New York City . I grow up . and here I be . killaine I will have to know a little more than that . betty I be sorry , that 's all there be . killaine miss mayfield , the humor of the situation escape I . within 24 hour I shall know officially whether Mitchell be murder . privately , I be quite sure of it now . it happen in you room , and you come to Vancouver with he .. at any rate , he make you hotel reservation .. and you arrive together . here in this room he behave nastily to you , and you say something to he which might be take as a threat . a few hour later he be find dead on you balcony . would it be too much too suggest that all this circumstance take together be a little suspicious ? Betty do not answer . killaine please answer my question . betty you do not ask a question . you make a speech . killaine that 's a evasion and you know it . betty it be ? they eye meet in a long stare . int . royal HOTEL - margo' room -- night there be some moonlight . in the foreground , the back of a man seat in a chair . door open , margo be silhouett against corridor light . she switch light on , shut door , turn , and react violently . clarendon be sit in chair with he cane between he knee . camera pan she over to clarendon . margo ( tensely ) what be you do here ? clarendon I do not think you lock you door . margo what do you want ? clarendon see how easy it be ? perhaps miss mayfield leave she door unlock . or if she do not , there 's a passkey on every floor in the linen room . the head porter have a passkey . the bell captain have a passkey . the hotel 's full of passkey . margo passkey ? clarendon or -- since one be a well - know and respected guest -- one could go to the desk in the lobby and say " miss mayfield seem to have lose she room key -- have you another " ? they always have another . margo do not be a fool . I love he . he be not worth it , but I love he . clarendon and now that he 's safe from all other woman , you can go on loving he . margo you nasty , sardonic -- clarendon sardonic , if you will my dear . bust nasty . you lie about the gun . margo react , shocked . clarendon get slowly to he foot . clarendon I be a very observant man . you have something in you bag this afternoon , something that cause you to hold it in a particular way . something that make a particular sound when you put it down on the bar . you go out with Mitchell . none of we ever see he again . margo ( desperately ) that 's not enough . clarendon I see you face this evening when the detective show you the gun . you lie . it be obvious . margo he see my face too . clarendon so he do -- but he have not tell you what he see . I have . margo they will arrest that girl . everything point to she . clarendon convenient , be not it ? he start towards the door . margo one of this day , you be go to wake up in the middle of the night and find that you have cut you throat . clarendon how clumsy . I would never forgive myself . good night my dear . margo you could have get in that room , just as you get in here . how do I know you do not kill Larry ? clarendon with what motive ? margo nastiness . you be nasty with word . why would not you be nasty with deed once in a while ? you hate he -- and I know why . clarendon he be very easy to hate . if you ' will look in you mirror , when you be in a better temper - you will know why . margo just stare at he . clarendon very silly of I , be not it ? I be not as well - off as I be once - and I be use to my little comfort . he exit . margo look after he , thunderstruck . ext . royal HOTEL - penthouse - terrace -- night killaine be stand at wall , look out over view . he be smoking . he point up with cigarette . killaine that star up there be alphard . " the lonely " , they call he . I wonder why he 's lonely ? perhaps he 's a policeman - - a celestial policeman ? camera pull back to include Betty , who be stare at he . he turn slowly . killaine well , that 's not get we anywhere . you will not tell I who you be , or give any account of yourself . you will not even give I you address in the United States . why ? unhappy marriage ? betty who tell you I be marry ? killaine there 's the clear mark of a wedding ring on you finger . she turn , walk abruptly away , then back into the live room . killaine follow . int . royal HOTEL - penthouse - live room -- night as killaine enter . Betty be already inside . she sit down . betty . I want a cigarette . killaine the room 's full of cigarettes . but of course one would have to be hand to you . he go to she , take out sliver case , and open it . she take one , be about to return the case to he pocket when : betty let I see that . he hold case out to she . there be a inlaid design on it . betty you family coat of arm , Mr. killaine ? killaine ( crossly ) regimental ! seaforth highlander . betty I be sorry . killaine stop say you be sorry . I want information , not regret . betty would you be satisfied if I say I shot he ? killaine jerk the wrap gun out of he pocket and thrust it in front of she . killaine what this ? betty yes . killaine where 's you get it ? betty a graduation present . killaine put the gun back in he pocket . killaine that 's a rather inferior grade humor . but since you be be so frank , would you mind tell I why all the label have be remove from you clothes ? Betty be jarre . she do not answer . killaine a unhappy marriage hardly seem a sufficient reason for that . betty why do not you arrest I and be do with it . killaine I probably shall - - after I have torture you a little more . SOUND of room door open off : killaine look towards it . brandon come in and shut door , throw hat and coat to one side . brandon how be you two get along ? killaine delightfully . every time miss mayfield say something , I know less than I do before . ( a beat ) well , I may as well knock off for tonight . ( turn to Betty ) good night , miss mayfield . do let I thank you for you cooperation . betty there 's one thing I may as well tell you . you will find it out anyhow . I try to run away -- when I find he out there on the balcony . there be not any plane . brandon you do not have to tell he that . killaine ( dryly ) why not ? he pick up he trench coat and start to put it on . killaine especially as I already know it . he go out . they watch he leave . as the door close , brandon turn to Betty . brandon bad ? betty bad enough . brandon he could hardly help suspect you . betty that 's put it mildly . she walk across to french door and stand look out . betty ( over shoulder ) what time be it ? brandon ( look at watch ) Quarter after one . why ? betty there 's a lot of night leave to live through . brandon so there be . you do not want to go to bed . I do not want to go to bed . let 's go somewhere and hear some music -- have something to drink -- something to eat -- even dance . betty dance ? tonight ? brandon let 's not pretend Mitchell mean anything to either of we . betty certainly not to I . brandon just who be you , anyway ? betty you , too ? ( a beat ) my name be Betty mayfield . I be bear , and I be here . message end . that 's what I tell he . he do not like it . brandon I be different . I like it fine . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - lobby / desk / elevator bank -- night killaine be stand at the desk , hold a registration card in he hand . a clerk be across the desk from he . killaine Nice write -- but no information ( he hand the card back to clerk ) I do not expect any . Elevator come down , door open . Betty and brandon come out . killaine turn , see they . brandon cross to killaine . brandon miss mayfield would like a little fresh air . any objection ? killaine shake he head . brandon in case you want to have we follow . killaine I do not . brandon well -- good night . killaine look past he at Betty . they eye meet . killaine turn away quickly . brandon rejoin Betty and they start out of scene . int . royal HOTEL - lobby -- night tracking shot - brandon and betty walking lobby be very empty . a short , thick - set man be trimming a cigar in a chain . they pass in front of he . he look up , stare hard at Betty . Betty meet he glance , look away quickly . camera stop and hold on seated man . he look after they , put away he pocket knife , light cigar leisurely , stand up , go after they . dissolve to : ext . STREET - waterfront -- night moor slip on one side , below a sea wall . on the other side , a row of nondescript building , a few which have electric sign , one of they a old - fashioned winking electric sign . it be a run-down neighborhood and tough . brandon 's convertible enter shot , pull over to curb in front of blink sign . closer shot sign be now see to be " charlie ' S " but the " R " be half out , dead bulb . car stop , brandon and Betty get out . ext . sidewalk - charlie' bar -- night close shot brandon and betty on sidewalk in front of charlie 's. Betty be shiver . brandon cold ? betty be this the best you can do ? brandon at this time of night . it 's not as bad as it look . a little reluctantly , she cross sidewalk with he , they go into swinging double door . as the door open , sound of very bad dance music be hear . Doors swing shut again . camera pull back and pan slowly across the STREET , as the nondescript little car with dim light come up to curb and stop some way behind brandon 's convertible . light go out , and the short , tick - set man from the lobby of the hotel get out of car , walk along to brandon 's car , lean in , poke a small pencil flash at the registration on the steering post , take out a notebook , make a note in it , put notebook and flash away , cross to swinging door , start in . int . charlie be bar - upstair dine and dance room -- night the decor be strictly gas-house gothic . there be booth like horse stall , also round scar table and hard chair . the dance band on plain wooden platform , compose of five old young man , play moodily and contemptuously . there be not a thing in the joint that could be damage by be drop out of a third - story window . at one table sit a navy sailor across from a blousy girl . there be a empty glass in front of he . he sit very straight , vacant eye , stupid drunk . a chunky grim-look character in a dinner jacket come by table , pause to glance at sailor , make a signal to girl , who nod . camera pan he across to booth in which brandon and Betty have just sit down . the man in dinner jacket be magruder . he own the joint . magruder Nice to see you , Mr. brandon -- and the lady . what will you take ? brandon ( glance at Betty ) scotch ? Betty nod lifelessly ; to magruder . brandon scotch . the kind you buy , magruder , not the kind you make . magdruder only the best for you , Mr. brandon . he signal a waiter , go out of shot . Band start to play . Betty look out of booth . another angle - brandon be Pov - what he sees Three couple start to lumber around the small dance floor . the air be heavy with smoke . the souse sailor and blousy girl come dance into foreground . sailor be dance with all the grace of a rhinoceros . blowsy girl what you need be a drink , big boy . sailor ( suddenly push she away ) aw , go blow you nose . he start back to table . girl shrug resignedly , go after he . brandon and betty she be stare horrify at this . betty why do you bring I to such a place ? brandon ( casually ) there be not anywhere else . waiter come up and serve drink . brandon taste it to make sure he get what he order , nod he head . Betty seize glass almost convulsively and take a long swallow . brandon want to dance ? betty dance ? here ? brandon why not ? betty ( stare at he ) they know you here -- know you name . brandon I know everybody . I do not look at half of life , just the nice half , I look at all of it . Betty finish off she drink , then in a reckless , half - wild voice , betty all right , then , let 's dance . they get up out of booth and about to start dance when Betty 's gaze become fix on something across the room . brandon be Pov - what he sees thick - set man from the lobby sit alone at a table with a bottle of beer in front of he . he be stare over at Betty and brandon . back to betty and brandon betty that man over there . he be in the hotel lobby . brandon ( he look across ) I do not notice he . betty we walk right pass he . he 's follow we . brandon killaine 's not that sort of guy . he say no -- he mean no . betty then he 's get to be a detective . brandon could not be . betty then he 's -- ( she break off , stare rigidly ) brandon look at she curiously , not get it . Betty swallow and then get she voice . betty take I out of here , please . right away . ( brandon just keep look at she . ) if you do not I will go alone . brandon reach for she coat , put it around she , throw some money on the table . they start across room . brandon deliberately steer past the thick - set man , who be pour himself a glass of beer . he do not even look up . brandon and Betty reach the top of the stair . brandon look back . brandon quite sure you see he in the hotel lobby ? betty absolutely sure . brandon ( he eye narrow a little ) we will find out . he turn , take Betty 's arm , they start down the stair , camera pan over to man . he now look after they with half smile on he face . he lift he glass of beer in salute , drink it down , stand up . foot of stair just inside swinging door it be pretty dark . it be not a solid stairway , there be a space behind it . brandon note this . brandon you go out and get in the car . Betty hesitates , then start out . brandon look back upstairs . SOUND of descending step over shot . brandon go quickly around stairway almost out of sight . thick - set man come down the stair . he be now trimming another cigar . as he reach the bottom of stair , he stop , take out a match , and be about to strike it then brandon step out . the man look at he unemotionally , cigar and match in midair . brandon the light 's bad in here , but I seem to remember the face . what be the name ? man smile , do not answer . brandon all right , let 's see the buzzer . man what 's a buzzer ? brandon so you be not a cop . man I a cop ? what make you think that , Mr. brandon ? brandon who tell you my name ? man I have get good ear . brandon step up close to he , grab the lapel of he coat , and twist a little . brandon ( tightly ) how be you tooth get along ? man ( smile ) the new one be fine . the last set I have give I all kind of trouble . he look down at brandon 's hand , hold the lapel of he coat . man what 's this in favor of ? brandon I do not like to be tail . the lady I be with do not like to be stare at . to put the matter in a couple of nutshell , I do not like you . still smile , the man bring he knee up hard . brandon reel away from he , groan , double up against the wall . man you wanna get tough , Mr. brandon , you gotta know the technique . next time , turn a little sideways , get you hip in the way . see what I mean ? good night . he go through the double door . camera stays on brandon . he straighten up slowly , get out handkerchief , mop he forehead . he have be hurt pretty badly . after a while , he stiffen himself by main force , walk to door , push it open , start out . ext . STREET -- night he stand , breathe hard , look off . brandon be Pov - what he sees thick - set man be get into he car . he start it up , turn the light on , turn and go out of shot . back to brandon he cross sidewalk slowly to he convertible . Betty be wait in it . without a word , brandon go around , get in behind the wheel . he sit there with he hand on the wheel , take deep breath . betty ( urgently ) who be he ? brandon turn he head slowly to look at she . he speak a little quickly , still in pain . brandon he 's a fellow with a very hard knee , and he know how to use it . betty you do not know who he be ? brandon he 's not a cop . a cop would not have kneed I . betty ( slowly ) he be follow we -- but he 's not a policeman . brandon we ? betty all right -- follow I . brandon why ? betty no matter . there 's nothing I can do about it . brandon anything I can do about it ? betty take I home -- and forget you ever see I . that 's a silly remark be not it ? brandon try not talk . he put a arm around she and pull she close to he as if to kiss she . brandon it still do not matter if I kiss you ? betty nothing matter . brandon no use wait , then . he kiss she on the mouth , hard . she do not resist and she do not respond . he pull he head away . brandon that 's the second round I have lose tonight . ( he move and wince ) that fellow hurt I . betty so have i. brandon from you , I like it . he start the car . it go off down the street . fade in : int . HOTEL - lobby -- day extreme wide shot show desk , elevator bank , guest read morning papers in chair . in background the dining room entrance through which can be see part of the dining room , with waiter move back and forth etc . it be breakfast time . Betty appear in dining room entrance , come out . close shot - betty camera pan with she as she move across lobby to desk . room clerk be check in several new arrival . luggage , bellboy , etc . Betty move along the desk to far end , stand wait . Hotel manager come up to she . he pretend not to know she . manager good morning . can I do something for you ? betty I be miss mayfield . be Mr. Campbell here ? manager I be Mr. Campbell , miss mayfield . ( slight pause ) purely as a matter of routine , I want to ask the name of you bank . betty Bank ? manager ( very smoothly ) merely for we record , miss mayfield . it 's usual for the guest who come here for the first time . betty ( open she bag ) I be carry quite a large sum in traveler check . how much of a deposit would you like ? campbell I would not dream if question you credit . purely a matter of routine , for the hotel record . just the name of you bank -- he break off , glance over to one side . close reverse shot - betty she notice the glance and turn she head , look off in the same direction , react , look back at Campbell . betty ( sharply ) the Hotel record , Mr. Campbell ? two shot - campbell and betty campbell ( brightly ) I be afraid I have be clumsy . please overlook it , miss mayfield . with a quick nod Betty turn away . camera pan she over to extreme end of desk . killaine stand there idly , with a elbow on the desk . Betty come up to he . she be angry . betty good morning , Mr. killaine . I be sorry I can not give you the name of my bank -- because I have no bank at the moment . ( pause ) that be a crude trick . killaine they be all crude , when they do not work . have breakfast ? she nod . killaine Care for a stroll outside ? beautiful morning . the air be like wine , the sky be a deep blue . betty ( contemptuously ) deep blue ? I would call it grey -blue . killaine you must come from pretty far South . she bite she lip . killaine florida ? betty I have never be to Florida . killaine smile and move away from desk , and she fall in beside he . dissolve to : ext . brandon' office build - door -- day close - up - a office door Metal lettering on it read clark brandon enterprise . below that to one side enter . int . brandon' office build - reception room -- day a middle - age secretary be at a desk . a man sit over to one side , read a newspaper . he be short , thick - set , wear heavy glass . this be phony glass -- they just look heavy -- there be a clear spot in the middle . door open off . brandon enter shot , go across to desk . secretary good morning , Mr. brandon . brandon Morning . any call ? secretary Mr. reed would like you to call he . brandon all right . get he . secretary ( look off ) and there 's a Mr. goble to see you . say he business be personal . brandon who 's goble ? camera pan over to man with glass . he put he newspaper away , stand up , cross to brandon , camera panning he back . man I be goble . brandon look at he . nothing in he face show recognition . goble I would like a few word with you , in private . brandon I be not interested in blind date . goble take he glass off , put then away , and stare at brandon , who react just enough to show he have recognize goble . during this , secretary have dial secretary ( into phone ) Mr. reed , please , for Mr. brandon . ( pause ) very well . have he call . Mr. brandon be in he office now . ( she hang up ) Mr. reed step out , Mr. brandon . brandon ( to goble ) this way . he cross to door , open it , go in , leave goble to follow . int . brandon be office - private office -- day brandon round desk , take off hat , stand look down at some letter on he desk . door close behind goble , who have enter . goble cross calmly to chair , sit down . brandon get cigarette out and light it with desk lighter , without offer goble one , and blow a little smoke . brandon all right . talk it up . goble get a card out of he wallet , hand it across . brandon ( read ) " Martin goble . insurance adjuster . " he drop card on desk , smile . brandon Nice friendly approach you have get . goble . I could hardly walk when I get out of bed this morning . goble you ask for it . brandon I be still ask . what do you want ? goble I be not sure I want anything from you . you might want something from I . brandon name it . goble information -- protection -- you might even want to hire I to go home and listen to the radio . that 's the funny part of my business -- once in a while , I get hire not to work . ( pause ) Nice girl you be with last night . known she long ? brandon pick the card off the desk , toss it into waste paper basket . brandon private eye ? goble you guess it . the card 's phony . I get plenty of them . different name , different job . I work out of San Francisco . go anywhere , do anything . all it take be the fold . brandon what be you rate ? goble $ 40 a day and expense . expense run pretty high on a case like this . I be a long way from home . I do not have a b.c. licence . I would need about $ 500 for a retainer . brandon what have you get on miss mayfield ? goble mayfield ? oh , that girl you be with last night . you have not hire I yet . Mr. brandon . brandon move quickly around the desk , grab goble , and jerk he to he foot . brandon ( with cold savagery ) that 's a nice hard knee you have get , goble . how would you like to trade it for a break neck ? goble ( calmly ) quit try to scare I , Mr. brandon , I be neurotic . brandon I do not know whether to knock you tooth down you throat -- or call the police -- or just give you twenty buck to go out and buy yourself a clean nose . brandon hurl he away . goble stagger back , without lose he balance . he smile . brandon stare back at he savagely for a moment , then go back around he desk and sit down . goble you hurt my feeling . I ought to raise the price to be a thousand . brandon if I call the police , you price will go down to a minus sign . goble bluff . you have wait too long . brandon for five hundred , what do I get ? goble I go home and paint the kitchen . brandon for two hundred ? goble I stick around and wait for the five hundred . brandon you mention information . goble sorry . another client pay for that . you can hire I not to use it . brandon a thousand . goble ( hesitates - - then ) get it on you ? brandon get the information on you ? goble get it in half a hour . brandon take out he wallet , take some bill out of it , throw then across the desk . brandon there 's two hundred . I will meet you in a hour -- where we meet last night goble why not here ? brandon I do not like you perfume in my office . make it somewhere else if you do not like Charlie 's . goble Charlie 's suit I fine . I do not scare . he reach for the money , stand up and put it in he pocket . goble you pay the check , you pick the joint . see you . he exit scene . wipe to : ext . HOTEL - foot of the garden / wall -- day Betty and killaine be learn on a wall , look out over puget sound . killaine down below 's stanley Park . on the other side of the tree , there 's a beach . you can see it . ( point over to leave ) steveston 's over there . Coast Guard station . ( point to right ) there 's the yacht Club , and beyond it , the dock . the over on the other side of the inlet , there 's grouse Mountain . it 's about 4000 foot high . there 's a restaurant on top of it . very nice restaurant . ( he turn to Betty ) I be sorry we could not have meet in pleasanter circumstance , miss mayfield . betty we would not have meet at all . killaine true . I be a bit irritable last night . I apologize . betty you be a galahad , compare to some cop I have know . killaine ( pounce -- but very quietly ) you have have dealing with the police before ? betty who have not -- one way or another ? killaine but not in the investigation of a major crime , I hope . betty be it a crime ? killaine we be 98 per cent certain Mitchell be murder . there be a lot of reason . ( pause ) be he very drunk when you last see he ? betty you be there when I last see he . killaine I would like to believe that . it 's not too easy . Betty say nothing . killaine look away again . killaine I have be talk to the Immigration Inspector who pass you across the border . he be a little suspicious of you . mayfield be not really you name , be it ? Betty look straight ahead , do not answer . killaine I will find out , you know . perhaps not today -- perhaps not tomorrow . but in the end , I will find out . betty the police always do , do not they ? killaine you have have a experience that you do not want to talk about . a unhappy marriage , for example . Betty turn away quickly . killaine I would not make you talk about it . my job be the death of marry Mitchell . why can not you give I you confidence ? betty you -- or the Vancouver Police Department ? killaine we try to be decent . betty you be a police officer . a very nice one -- but you have a job to do . I be a girl who 's in a jam , and it 's you job to keep I there . do not go considerate on I . I might start to bawl . they eye meet in a long look . killaine you will not tell I who you be ? you will not even give I a chance to help you ? betty nobody can help I . you , least of all . killaine ( suddenly ) if I understand what you mean by that . betty you understand perfectly . killaine then there be not much I can do , be there ? betty there be not anything you can do . he move towards she , then turn abruptly and go . wipe to : int . charlie' place -- day chair be pile up on the table . a man with a mop be go over the floor . step be heard . goble , the private eye come into the shot slowly . his eye be very wary . he have a hand in he pocket . goble I come here to see Mr. brandon . man with mop who ? goble brandon . I be to meet he here . man with mop okay . ask the boss . he jerk he thumb backwards , and goble move off in that direction . int . charlie' place - door open / SMALL dark hall -- day camera follows goble though open door . he stand a moment , look along the hallway , listen . there be no sound at all . he reach a door camera pan around to show small plate on the door with the word manager . goble listen again , take the gun out of he pocket , look at it , put it back , keep he hand on it , open the door , and star in . int . charlie' place - manager' office -- day it be what you would expect . magruder be at a desk , do some bookkeeping work . he look up indifferently as goble enter . goble I be look for Mr. brandon . magruder the joint 's not open , Mac . who 's brandon ? goble come up to the desk . goble I have a appointment with he , right here , right now . magruder go live in a tent . goble it will be a tough dollar when guy like you learn the alphabet . magruder ( grin ) talk English . how do I know you be you ? goble reach a hand into he pocket , throw a card on the desk . magruder pick it up , read it . magruder Mr. brandon could not be here . he might have leave something for you . what would it look like ? goble one of that nice long manila envelope -- seal . not too fat - not too thin . magruder what do I get for it ? goble you get it 's brother . magruder sound like a fair swap . let 's take a look . he jerk open the drawer of he desk . gobble stiffen , he hand on the gun . magruder take out a long seal envelope , throw it on the desk . magruder I need a receipt . sign you name across the flap . goble open it and count it . magruder when you sign for it , you count it . it 's you dough . he pick up a desk pen , hold it out . goble hesitates , then take he right hand hold the gun out of he pocket , lay the gun down on the desk beside the envelope . he take the pen , lean down to write . at that instant , magruder lunge up swiftly , grab goble 's right wrist with he leave hand and jerk he forward hard . goble try to reach the gun with he leave hand . magruder grab a old - fashioned round ebony ruler up off the desk and smack goble 's hard on the head with it twice . goble sprawl across the desk , limp . magruder take the gun , put it in he pocket , pick up the envelope , tear it open , and shake out the money , count it . magruder eight hundred buck . Ice cream for dinner . magruder pick the gun up , balance it on he hand . move in on the gun it be a .32 caliber revolver , with part of the barrel saw off to make it a belly gun . it have no front sight . magruder stare down at it . pull away as he turn , pull open desk drawer , put gun in it , shut drawer . he round the desk , reach inside goble 's pocket , pull out a thick manila envelope , stand look down at it , speculate , try the flap to see if it will come loose . move in to show there be no writing on the envelope he pick up the envelope which contain money . it be also manila and about the same size . with a quick decision , magruder tear open goble's envelope , draw out a sheaf of blank paper . magruder whistle lightly between he tooth , turn he head to state at goble who be still limp , sprawle across the desk . magruder ( softly ) you have it come , do not you , baby ? ( reach across , shake goble 's shoulder ) come on . you be not that sick . goble do not respond . magruder pull he head and shoulder up on the desk . the head sag to one side . magruder press a thumb against one of goble 's eyeball . no reaction . magruder bend close , stare , and be suddenly stiff with fear . magruder ( hoarsely ) do not tell I you have a glass head , baby . oh no -- not in you business . how could you live so long ? he let go of goble who sway sideways in the chair , he head hang like that of a break doll . as magruder stare down at he , with very much the sort of freeze horror as we see on Betty 's face when she find Mitchell 's body on the balcony . wipe to : int . vancouver police headquarters - killaine's office -- day small bare room , empty . door open . sergeant Gore user margo in through a side door . gore sit down , Mrs. west. Inspector killaine will be along in a minute . margo thank you . Gore sit down in a hard wooden chair by killaine 's desk . she be nervous , light a cigarette , look at she watch , get up suddenly as if to leave before killaine get back , then shrug and sit down again , door open and killaine enter , glance at margo , go behind he desk , sit down with he hat on , press dictagraph key . killaine ( into dictagraph ) killaine here . I want a radio contact to work with handley . a motorcycle officer will do . voice from dictagraph right away , Inspector . killaine disconnect , turn to face margo , remove he hat . killaine remember that time , do not I ? good morning Mrs. West . do you visit here mean you have change you mind ? margo ( startle ) how do you know ? ( killaine smile slightly , do not answer ) clarendon . ( killaine still do not answer ) you cop never tell anybody anything , do you . killaine other people always know so much more than we know -- so much more than they be willing to tell we . margo it be clarendon . he know I have the gun in my bag . killaine just stare margo you could not possible have trace it this soon -- not possibly . killaine ( dryly ) of course not . thanks for tell I . I have not see Mr. clarendon . margo I be a fool . killaine that depend upon you motive . you be in love with Mitchell , be not you ? margo yes -- and he 's already become vague to I . funny ! last night I be furiously jealous . jealous of what ? I out that gun in my bag deliberately . who be I go to kill with it ? a girl I do not even know ? a man I know to be a thief and a forger ? a half - man ? a gigolo ? it 's already ludicrous . Love ! what a comedy ! killaine you do not play it for laugh last night . margo do you ever have a serious operation ? killaine mortar shell be not funny , either . margo at first , it do not hurt at all . that 's shock . then it hurt terribly -- you would not believe such pain could exist -- and six month later you can not remember what pain feel like . ( pause ) it have not take six month this time . it have not even take twenty - four hour . be that a beastly thing to say ? killaine not if it clear the air . margo it do . May I go now ? ( she stand up ) killaine I will investigate Mr. clarendon 's financial position -- margo I do not understand . killaine perhaps a rich widow would have solve all he problem . margo now , you be be beastly . killaine sure . you do not come here in person just to tell I about the gun . you want I to be look across the desk at you while you talk about Mitchell . ( he pause ; margo nod -- admiration in she eye ) if I believe you , it would be psychologically impossible for you to have kill he last night . margo and if you do not believe I ? killaine you would still have plant information that clarendon know about the gun -- and not as a accusation , but in the process of defend yourself by make a confession . very neat . good morning , Mrs. West . her expression change . she give he a icy stare , and go out quickly . dictagraph buzy . he depressed key . killaine ( into speaker ) killaine here . supt . mckechnie's voice ( on dictagraph ) come into my office , please , killaine . killaine ( into speaker ) right away , sir . he release the key , start out int . vancouver police headquarters - corridor -- day as killaine come out of he office , walk along briskly , come to a door , stop . close shot of door it be lettere superintendent J. mckechnie . killaine knock , then start in without wait for a answer . int . vancouver police headquarters - mckechnie's office -- day mckechnie be at he desk . he be a military - look scotch - canadian , with a white mustache . beside the desk sit a elderly , prim-look man in a dark suit with a black tie . killaine come up to desk . mckechnie killaine , this be Mr. Mitchell , senior . Young Mitchell 's father . he just fly in from Toronto . killaine ( to Mitchell ) how do you do , sir . Mitchell nod . mckechnie I have explain the situation to Mr. Mitchell up to a point . now about this mayfield girl ? killaine she 's a suspect , naturally . but not the only one . mckechnie ( harshly ) she 's the only one who have a dead man in she room . the only one who will not give a account of herself . the only one who try to run away . and the only one , so far , I have be tell , who go to such length to disguise she identity that she even remove the label from she clothes . what more do you want ? mitchell , sr . she should have be arrest last night . mckechnie that 's as may be . ( to killaine ) we have ample grounds to detain she for question . you can not deny that , surely . killaine no . mckechnie I hear she 's a very pretty girl . killaine which force I to arrest she against my better judgment . mckechnie aye . you have a point there . mitchell , sr . if so , I must say that it escape my attention . it be my son who have be murder . he be not always a good son -- but he be my son . I want he murderer punish . the girl 's obviously a criminal of some sort . otherwise , she would give a account of herself . arrest she , and you will find out soon enough . mckechnie ( eyeing killaine ) I think he 's right . killaine ( stand up ) be I to interpret that as a order to arrest miss mayfield ? mckechnie when I give a order , you will not need it interprete . ( glance up at clock on wall ) you have a hour to make you mind up . ( he turn to Mitchell , sr. ) well , be ye satisfied , Mr. Mitchell ? mitchell , sr . I will be satisfied when my son' murderer be convict and hang . ( pause -- he expression soften a little ) you have give this young man a very difficult choice . mckechnie aye . that be the point you say you do not get . ( he turn back to killaine ) that 's all . ( make a gesture of dismissal ) killaine very good , sir . he turn . we pan he to the door , he start out . int . vancouver police headquarters - corridor -- day killaine come from mckechnie 's office . start back to towards he own office . another plain clothes cop , driscoll , be walk towards killaine . they meet just outside killaine 's office . driscoll be a tall , solemn-look irishman . driscoll May I have a moment , Inspector ? killaine stop . driscoll the Harbor police have just pick up a dead man out of the water . killaine floater ? driscoll not a floater . only just dead . killaine ( start to turn away ) you be the waterfront specialist . find out about it . I have get a murder to investigate . driscoll you have two murder to investigate . this man 's head be beat in . and there 's nothing in he pocket . killaine drunk -roll job . they hit he too hard . driscoll ( annoyed with he manner ) I have be on the waterfront detail for twelve year . this man have not be dead a hour . he be not kill last night . he be kill today . in broad daylight . that 's no drunk - roll job . killaine ( start to turn away again ) let I know when you have identify he driscoll give he a somber look and start to leave . killaine ( call after he ) and do not get too logical , driscoll . in police business it do not work . I wish it do . but it do not driscoll ( look back ) I be a irishman , sir . a irishman be always logical . killaine frown , then start into he own little office . ext . parliament build - sidewalk -- day close shot -- a portion of a tall , spear topped iron railing along the sidewalk a man in a business suit be lean against it , he be a plain-clothes dick by the name of handley . other people be stand near he , look through the railing , as if wait for something to happen . handley be look in the other direction , along the sidewalk . in the background , some traffic noise , and far off , blast of a tug whistle . handley get a cigarette out and light it , with he eye still look off to the side . camera pan slowly along the railing , show people stand in group look through . camera pick up betty among they . near at hand there be a sharp whistle blast , and immediately snare drum be heard , first in space tap , then go into a tattoo . ext . vancouver - parliament building -- day long shot -- gravele or pave space in front of military official - looking build built of stone , with broad step . the Union Jack fly from a flagpole . on the space in front of the building , two small group of soldier be in battle - dress , and the band , which march it , be a bugle and drum band , also in battle -dress . the other group be in the dress uniform of the seaforth highlander , with kilt , glengarry 's , etc. , and they band be a piper 's band , in kilt . what be take place be a guard mount . the old guard be stand at attention and inspect by the outgo officer of the day ; and during this inspection the drum and bugle band march up and down in front of they , play . the inspection over , the old guard will be form into a march column , the drum and bugle band will take position ahead of they , and the whole outfit will march across the parade ground and back again while the new guard stand at attention , its band silent . the old guard will then be halt , and face towards the new guard , and will present arm . then it will march off behind its band , while the kiltie guard be call to attention and present arm . the outgo and income officer of the day will salute each other . as the old guard march off , they band will stop play , and the piper will march and start play the bagpipe . this will continue while the new guard be inspect . the new guard will be march will be march off behind the pipe , and the ceremony be over . this be the background of the follow scene , and be go on all the time . whatever portion of it be to be show in immaterial , but the sound of it will be hear always , louder , not so loud , not loud at all , accord to what be go on and how far off the band be . Betty be stare through the railing as the drum and bugle band go into its tattoo and start march . a moment later , the bugle join in . CUT to : close - up of handley he be look off in the other direction , make a signal . what he sees a motorcycle officer stand beside the curb , bear he motorcycle which have a side - car . close shot -- radio dispatcher in communications division of police headquarters dispatcher ( into mike ) go ahead , three - eight -six . voice from loudspeaker Party I be detailed to observe be watch guard mount in front of parliament building . sergeant handley be stand by . ( note : there be no parliament building in Vancouver . they be in Victoria , so some substitute must be find . ) dispatcher ( into mike ) message receive . stand by . one - two -five . he scribbles something on a pad , tear off and hold out behind he without look . a uniform police officer take it . close shot of betty -- watching through railing what she sees -- a portion of guard mount through railing close shot of handley stand by railing , watch Betty . drum and bugle music over scene . ext . parliament build - STREET -- day long shot a crowd against railing , motorcycle Officer in foreground . a car enter shot , stop behind motorcycle . close shot -- car killaine get out , cross to motorcycle Officer , who salute he , then point out a scene . killaine I will take over now . wait for handley . he start walk camera with he , come up with handley , lean against the railing beside he . killaine I be relieving you , handley . carry on with Gore at the hotel . handley give killaine a curious look . handley very good , sir . he go out of shot . killaine watch he , then move along the railing ( the guard mount ceremony be continue all this time ) , come up beside Betty . killaine this be not a very good place to talk . betty I do not want to talk . killaine I have come here to arrest you for murder . drum and bugle music in background stop . voice of command ( over scene -- very sharp and military ) Guard halt ! a SOUND of stamping feet , then silence . voice of command right turn ! a SOUND of feet , a stamp , a slapping of hand against rifle sling as guard bring its arm to order . Betty turn she head to look at killaine . betty I expect nothing else . killaine I might be able to save you . if I know enough . betty you would not even try ( killaine react , hurt ) there must be some copper in you , or you would not be a inspector . killaine there must be -- but when I be with you I can not find it . voice of command ( over scene ) Guard , present arm ! appropriate sound be heard , then a roll start on the tap drum . killaine ( turn and look through railing ) everybody love a guard mount -- except the guard . ( look back ) my boss give I a hour to make up my mind . the time 's almost up . for the first time in the scene , Betty turn and face he . killaine I be about to be very silly . a man pass a girl on the street -- a very lovely girl -- he eye meet she eye , and something reach out and take hold of he heart -- and then she go on and be lose in the crowd -- and he say to himself , " there go my lose love " -- and it 's true - - if he never see she again , it 's still true . of course , after a while , he forget -- or almost forget -- because after a while we forget almost everything . ( Betty be silent , stare at he ) but this man be a copper . he get order -- routine order -- to go to a place and investigate a murder -- and everything point to a certain girl . betty point very straight to she . killaine he look at the girl , look into she eye -- betty what do he see ? killaine Palm tree against a sunset -- wave break on a coral reef -- the Taj Mahal by moonlight -- rose in a English garden , just after a shower -- ( he grin wryly ) clich , one and all -- but good one , with a lot of mileage leave in they -- there 's one thing he do not see -- murder -- and murder be what he be send to find . pretty ridiculous , be not it ? betty very ridiculous . killaine that 's my hard luck -- I be man enough to tell you about it -- and not be sorry . betty what do you friend call you ? -- the one that know you well ? -- and like you very much ? killaine they call I Jeff . betty Jeff . shall we go now , Jeff , and get it over with ? killaine not quiet yet . ( pause ) we know who the gun belong to . margo West . she tell we this morning . ( pause ) it do not mean much . Mitchell take it away from she . he have a habit of go through she bag . betty look for peanut , I suppose . killaine so Mitchell have handle it . afterwards , brandon pick it up . ( he glance at she ) there 's no indication you handle it . betty I always wear glove when I shoot people . a bad joke -- but better than tear . killaine ( glance at he watch again ) time 's up . I be off the case . ( he take a deep breath ) betty they will only find someone else -- who will not be so kind . killaine that 's something I can not spare you . but I will not do it myself . betty because you think you in love with I ? killaine I be enough of a copper to do my duty . my boss make it tough for I . if I do not arrest you , I have go soft . if I do , it 's to save my face . I do not play that rule . he break off . pipe music sound over scene . killaine raise he voice . killaine you have get a couple of hour , maybe . betty to do what ? killaine I can not answer that . betty what will they do to you ? killaine that 's they be business . can I drop you somewhere ? betty you be still a police officer , Jeff . ( pause ) I see you send that two man away . I know they be watch I . killaine stare at she silently . betty what be you go to do -- toss you job into puget sound ? because I make you think of magnolias ? I think policeman be something like a soldier . that he duty come first . however much he might happen hate it . killaine ( steadily ) I have be a soldier too . there be a difference . a policeman , like a judge , have a right to disqualify himself on proper grounds . betty what proper grounds ? ( pause , killaine do not answer ) you can not be in love with I . you hardly know I . I be not in love with you . killaine I know that . betty but even if you be in love with I . killaine ( almost rudely ) there 's a empty taxi across the street . if you be so anxious , take it . he will know the way to the police headquarters . betty you do thing the hard way , do not you ? killaine sometimes . betty not sometimes . always . just because it be the hard way . you be that kind of man , Jeff . killaine Goodbye , Betty . Betty do not answer . she shake she head slightly , stand with a little smile on she face . he turn , go quickly out of scene . the guard mount ceremony end . the crowd begin to break up . Betty glance across the street , then start out . close shot -- a empty taxicab , the flag up the driver be park by the curb . he have be watch the guard mount and be ow wait for a fare . he see one , get quickly out of the cab , open the door as Betty come into shot . she get into the cab . cab driver where to , miss ? betty downtown somewhere -- anywhere . cab driver right you be , miss . shut a door , start around he car , as we dissolve to : int . vancouver police headquarters - mckechnie's office -- day mckechnie behind he desk . killaine stand across from he . ( we enter the middle of scene ) mckechnie be you a policeman or a soft-head nincompoop ? killaine a little of both , sir , and perhaps not quiet enough of either . mckechnie it will not look pretty good on you record , killaine . where 's the girl now ? killaine I do not know , sir . mckechnie well , find out . who 's cover she ? killaine nobody 's cover she , I detach the officer assign to that duty . mckechnie come slowly to he foot . his voice be very quiet , and very dangerous . mckechnie this girl be a murderess , killaine . killaine I disagree , sir . as Inspector in charge of the case I have the right to form that opinion , the right to act on it . mckechnie ye have , have ye ? killaine we lift seven fairly good print from miss mayfield 's toilet article . Washington ought to teletype we within a few hour . mckechnie ( in the same deadly quiet voice ) and in the meantime this girl go where she please , do what she please ? killaine yes , sir . mckechnie 's eye go down to he desk . his hand go over slowly to a yellow telegraph form , face down . he turn it over , then lift it and read in a quiet , measure voice : mckechnie ( read we loud ) " superintendent J. mckechnie , Vancouver Police Department . Vancouver b.c. replaying to you e.p. teletype classification no. 2684 incomplete . we advise identification possible . Elizabeth kinsolve , arrest greenwater , North Carolina , January 8 , 1948 , on a charge of murder . sign , fbi. , Washington , D.C. H. cleary , Inspector in charge . " ( mckechnie look up and meet killaine 's eye ) have ye any comment , killaine ? killaine identification on possible , sir. not conclusive . mckechnie ( read out loud ) " superintendent J. mckechnie , Vancouver Police Department . replying you inquiry Elizabeth kinsolve . subject be indicted , first degree murder she husband , Lee kinsolve , January this year . guilty verdict set aside by preside judge . prisoner discharge , whereabouts now unknown . fingerprint classification " -- ( he hold up the other telegram and look at killaine ) and exact correspondence , killaine . killaine stand white and silent . mckechnie ( drop the f.b.i telegram and continue to read the other ) " physical description : Age 26 , height 5 1 3 / 4 inch : Weight , 188 pound : Light brown hair : deep blue eye : small , perfectly form feature : ear and earlobe small : slender build : wear size 4 aa shoe : quiet refine manner : New York accent : no charge pend . no prior criminal record . mayfield , mother 's name . air-mailing you photograph today . sign hubert tollison , Chief of Police , greenwater , North Carolina . " ( slowly mckechnie drop this wire on top of the other -- to killaine ) she bleach she hair , or course . ( pause ) would you sensibility be offended , if I send out a general alarm to pick up this girl ? killaine I think you would be entirely justified , sir . mckechnie ( with a sudden roar ) but you still think she 's innocent . killaine I do . he reach into he pocket , take out he badge , place it on the desk , on top of the two telegram killaine I think you would like to have this . mckechnie look down at it without expression , speak very slowly , mckechnie I believe you win decoration during the war . killaine two . mckechnie pick up the badge and hold it on the flat of he hand , look down at it . mckechnie there be people in this world who do not think a police badge be a badge of honor . I be not one of they . killaine nor I . this be why I give it to you . mckechnie ( same tone ) you be a young man . you be romantic . you think a pretty face and a clean conscience go together . you think a soft voice mean a soft heart . you will grow out of that . killaine not too far , I hope . mckechnie ( suddenly very scotch , the harsh and eloquent covenanter ) this badge be not a old newspaper you can cast down on the desk . it be not a thing you can give up as of no value . it may be take from you -- and you may die defend it . but you will not use it to make cheap dramatic gesure with . ( pause ; killaine be rock back on he heel ) it 's a naked steel of the sword of justice . put it back in you pocket and hold tight to it -- and someday you might grow into a worthiness ye lack now . killaine reach out and take the badge . he look down at it , he face bitter and ashamed . mckechnie get out of here ! killaine what be my order , sir ? mckechnie you think I be wrong about this bit of a girl . go out and prove it against I ! killaine step back , salute , wheel about and exit scene . mckechnie look after he , expressionlessly . the door close off . he press a button . a uniform officer enter , mckechnie hold the two telegram toward he . mckechnie condense this for a immediate all -station pick - up order . int . vancouver police headquarters - killaine's office -- day as he enter . cross to he desk , take a small , steel mirror out of drawer and examine he chin . camera move to a over -the -shoulder shot he move the mirror back until he face be see in it . there be a bitter smile on he mouth . killaine kid galahad . the knight of the White plume . jess holme , the fool killer . Boy , you look wonderful in a tank -- with the turret close . during the speech , a door be opened off . killaine look up . driscoll be stand inside the room . we be now pulled back into a wider shot driscoll get a moment , Inspector ? killaine I have get a year . or a second . I be not sure which . driscoll you tell I when we would identify this fellow -- killaine nod . driscoll we have do that . he 's a San Francisco private eye . name Martin J. goble , g-o-b-l-e . have initial in he hat and for once he live where he buy it . goble and greer be the firm name . killaine ( still a bit nasty ) swim with he hat on ? that 's original . driscoll if you would see the blood on he head -- and some body have to carry he out to sea -- killaine I understand . pity to mess up a nice clean boat . driscoll ( register control anger at killaine 's manner ) I get through to greer , he partner in the detective business . greer will not give out . killaine ( lean back in he chair , half - close he eye ) I would suggest a telegram . something like this : Chief of Police , San Francisco . a license private detective name name Martin J. goble , address so-and - so , have be find murder within we jurisdiction . his partner , name something - something greer , refuse to give we any information . correction . refuse information necessary to we investigation . can you assist ? sign detective sergeant driscoll , Vancouver , british Columbia , Police . ( killaine open he eye , look at driscoll ) driscoll send that ? killaine ( indifferently ) would you ? driscoll ( after a pause ) if you be ask my opinion , no . I would read it to greer over the phone . ask he if he have any objection . killaine stand up , glance at he wristwatch . killaine catch I at the Vancouver Royal if it 's important . driscoll how important would it have to be ? it 's only murder , Inspector . killaine go close to he , suddenly smile . killaine the Super 's just give I the sweetest dress down I have ever have . I be still reeling from it . and believe I , I have it come . I apologize . what you think be important -- I think be important . driscoll ( answer he smile ) thanks , Inspector . what be you order about this wire to San Francisco ? killaine Men like you do not need order . he turn , exit scene . driscoll be now smile broadly . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - brandon' live room -- day the door open , brandon come in , cross in the direction of the bedroom . int . royal HOTEL - brandon' bedroom -- day brandon come in from the live room , cross to wall safe . his expression be tight , business - like , he movement quick , as if he have a lot to do and do not intend to waste any time . open wall safe , take a wad of currency from it , stuff currency into breast pocket , re-lock safe . a door buzzer sound to the door of he apartment . brandon react , start to exit . int . royal HOTEL - brandon' live room -- day brandon enter from bedroom . door buzzer sound again . he pick up he hat and coat , go to door , open it . killaine come past brandon into room , close the door . killaine time for a little chat ? brandon if it do not take too long . drink ? killaine thanks . I do not mind . brandon throw hat and coat on couch , cross to liquor cabinet , begin to mix a couple of drink ; he back be now turn to killaine , who saunter across room to french door , exit terrace . brandon turn with the glass in he hand , then start after killaine . ext . royal HOTEL - penthouse terrace -- day killaine be stand against the wall corner , look down at the point where the terrace overlook Betty 's balcony . brandon enter from live room carry glass , react again , control himself , cross to killaine . brandon here you be . killaine turn , take a glass . killaine thanks . Lovely view you have , have not you ? brandon I never notice the view after the first week . killaine I would . Fancy waking up every morning with that in you lap . ( he gesture towards the view ) wonderful thing , money be . remember what somerset maugham say about it ? brandon I would not know . killaine " money be a sort of sixth sense that give meaning to all the other . " very appeal , especially to a poor man . brandon could we discuss that some other time ? killaine sure . let 's discuss Betty mayfield . ( pause ) how long since you see she ? brandon a couple of hour . killaine I have a warrant for she arrest . brandon that must hurt . killaine I have always think you be a pretty nice guy , brandon . I would like to go on think so . if you try to help she get away -- brandon would that make I a heel ? killaine you would be break the law . brandon do not answer the question . killaine the only answer I have for you . brandon you pass up a dozen chance to arrest she . what toughened you up ? killaine information . brandon do not kid I . you do not think she murder Mitchell . killaine it could have be a accident . brandon that could be told . killaine not if she know she would not be believe . brandon you concentrate too hard , killaine . what about margo West ? she have a motive . I guess you know by this time whose gun it be ? killaine nod . brandon and old man clarendon ? he have a motive , too . margo and she money . killaine Mitchell be kill down here . ( he point ) how could clarendon get in to do it ? ( pause ) or margo for that matter . brandon how could Mitchell ? after that act he put on up here , be it likely she would let he in ? killaine she do not have to . he could have climb down from here . brandon look down over the wall . he turn , deadpan . brandon Mitchell be too drunk . killaine or just drunk enough . he be with she when she register . he know where she room be . you be out most of the evening . there be a lot of mess to clean up . waiter come and go , the door stand open . suppose Mitchell come in to grab a drink for himself , then wander out on this balcony , then realize betty 's balcony be just below yours . brandon Romeo in reverse . uh-uh . no sale , killaine . killaine you do not buy it . okay . so I still want Betty mayfield . where be she ? brandon no idea . phone ring off , in the live room . brandon Excuse I . my phone . he turn , exit scene . killaine stand a moment , look down from the edge of the terrace , then follow brandon . int . royal HOTEL - brandon' live room -- day brandon be just lift the receiver . brandon hello . his expression tighten , he glance quickly towards the french door as killaine appear in they and stroll into the live room . brandon turn he back to killaine . brandon ( into phone ) sorry . it 's not very convenient just now . int . hudson BAY company department store - waiting room -- day shopper , men , women and child , etc. , sit around . in the background a line of phone booth . camera pick out a deadpan , nondescript - look man who might be a dick as he stand up from a chair , cross towards phone booth , camera with he . phone booth be all full . he stop before a booth , through the glass door of which Betty can be see on the phone . she catch he eye , turn away quickly . the man nonchalantly light a cigarette , lean against the booth . close shot betty ( into phone in booth ) I have no right to call you anyway . I have make you enough trouble . I - - I think I know what to do -- if they will let I . her eye turn to look at the man outside the booth . he be not look at she . CUT to : int . royal HOTEL - brandon' live room -- day brandon on phone killaine , behind he in a chair ; have pick up a magazine . brandon ( casual voice ) it sound like a fair location . could you be a little more exact ? CUT to : int . department store - phone booth -- day betty on phone betty I be in the Hudson Bay company 's store . that man last night -- the one that follow I -- CUT to : int . brandon' live room -- day brandon I do not think that 's on the market anymore . I would like something much closer to the water . killaine be listen , but he do not look up . brandon cant be too close for I . right across the street from it suit I . anything else list ? int . phone booth -- day betty on phone betty ( into phone , low penetrate voice , she mouth very close to the mouthpiece ) there 's another man-- right outside the booth here . I never see he before . CUT to : int . brandon' live room -- day brandon you be probably mistaken about that . let 's get together sand talk it over . there 's always a solution to this problem . but it must be near the water . quite near -- ( pause ) yes , if you do not mind wait . CUT to : int . phone booth -- day betty on phone show the man be still stand outside the booth . he glance in casually . Betty turn she head into phone . betty Close to the water . like last night . I will try . Goodbye . she hang up , stand a moment as if muster she courage , then turn . int . waiting room near betty' phone booth -- day the man be stand there , smoking . Betty open the door , come out past he , not look at he , then turn with a quick decision and face he . betty ( to man ) I be sorry I keep you wait . he have he hand on the knob of the booth door , hold it . he smile quickly man do not give it a think , miss . matter of fact , wait be my trade . a big woman push past they , start to leave herself into the booth he be about to enter . the man react smoothly . man ( to big woman ) pardon I , madam . be that you handkerchief ? he point to a spot on the floor behind she . she step back and turn . he glide into the booth , draw the door shut , wink at Betty through the glass . Betty hide she face as she turn away . the Big woman be furious . CUT to : int . brandon' live room -- day he have just leave the phone and cross to make another drink , killaine toss the magazine aside and stand up . killaine no more for I , thanks . remember what I say . I can not interfere with the law . brandon where would she go , anyway . do not tell I you have not get she cover . killaine just look at he , then nod , turn away . brandon Mitchell be a heel . we both know that . why take it for grant that somebody in the hotel knock he off ? killaine do not answer . brandon you forget the gag line , killaine . the police do not take anything for grant . killaine I be afraid they do . Far too often . so long . brandon wait a minute . I will go with you . cross , pick up hat and coat , reach killaine at the door , they start out . dissolve to : int . royal HOTEL - elevator -- day brandon and killaine killaine ( casually ) you do a lot of real estate trading , brandon ? brandon now and then . mostly just for the fun of it . killaine I try it once . I lose my shirt . brandon ( with a faint smile ) I buy my shirt by the dozen . fortunately . killaine ( glance at the elevator operator ) where do it all come from ? or be that a permissible question ? Elevator stop . other people get in . Elevator start down again . wipe to : int . HOTEL lobby - by elevator -- day Elevator reach lobby floor , door open , people come out . killaine and brandon separately . brandon first . he wait for killaine . brandon I have a father who know how to steal . killaine ( puzzle ) what ? brandon you ask I where it all come from . killaine ( smile ) oh . that be just one of that idle question . one do not expect a answer . brandon nod , turn towards the desk , killaine follow . Campbell the manager , be behind the desk , and a clerk . the clerk , see brandon , reach mail out of the box , hand it to brandon , who stand look over . killaine ( to Campbell ) I think I would like to take another look at Mr. Mitchell 's room . brandon glance at he quickly , then back to he mail . killaine I do not know why . as a matter of fact , I do not know anything . campbell ( polite but rather cold ) it 's about time you do -- know something . killaine I agree with you perfectly . but when do time ever help a fool ? brandon give another quick glance , then stroll off along the lobby towards the main Hotel entrance , still look at he mail as he walk . killaine look after he . another angle killaine go over to where handley be sit , drop into a chair beside he , take out he crest cigarette case , take a cigarette , then with a after-thought , offer case to handley , which bring then close together , as handley take cigarette . handley nothing . she have not show . killaine check the boat ? handley Gore 's out do it now . killaine give he a light . they both puff . killaine pit cigarette case away . killaine ( pretend to stifle a yawn ) must be almost tea-time ( move to get up ) I will be in Mitchell 's room . handley nod slightly . killaine get up , start to move back to the desk . Campbell stand there wait for he . dissolve to : ext . STREET - waterfront -- day betty walking camera following her hand be deep in the pocket of she coat , head bent forward . she come under a street sign , look up . the sign say : front STREET SOUND of a car come up behind she . SOUND indicate it be break to stop . Betty become rigid , then very slowly turn she head , as though she expect to find a police car have come up behind she . brandon ( o.s. ) hop in . another angle show brandon 's convertible , brandon lean out . Betty cross the sidewalk , get into the car . hold on the car as it start up , shoot from a natural angle . betty I hate to go to that place . I almost go to the police station instead . brandon no percentage in that . betty they be go to arrest I . brandon I know . killaine have a warrant . betty ( as the car turn into Ford Street ) I have my own warrant . stop a minute , please . brandon look at she , puzzle , bring the car to a stop ; sit stare at she . background of harbor ship , Betty draw something out of she pocket -- a paper -- and hand it to he . he take it , open it , read it aloud , in a low voice . brandon ( read aloud ) " dear Inspector killaine : this be goodbye . you be right , I have a secret . you be right , I change my name . I try to hide from the past and I walk into almost the same situation that I have run away from . I do not kill Larry Mitchell , but I can not prove it . I could not prove it the other time , either . where I be go , nothing have to be prove . there 's a lot of water between Vancouver and the U.S.A . in that , and in you . Vancouver have be kind to I . I think you will understand . Betty mayfield . brandon stop read , he face be tight , and grim . slowly he refold the note and turn to look at Betty . brandon if you mean it , you would not show it to I , Betty . ( pause ) or be I suppose to deliver it to dear Inspector killaine ? betty ( in a half - wild tone ) wrote it in the wait room of the Hudson Bay store . with somebody 's pekingese try to climb into my lap . perhaps you be right . perhaps I do not mean it . all I know be that I be lick . brandon ( very slowly ) there 's a lot of water between Vancouver and the U.S.A . this note be a suicide note . after you be go where would they look for you ? ( long pause ) why would they look for you ? darkness , and open water , and a fast cabin cruiser . and I have a pocket full of money . and if I help you , I would be commit a crime , or so they tell I . betty that be not why I call you . why do I hope -- when I have not any right to hope ? brandon how bad be it ? bad enough for -- ( he tap point to the note ) betty yes . I have never be very far from it , for a long time . will you do something for I ? brandon nod . betty take I where I have not the courage to take myself . brandon how bad be the other thing ? the secret ? betty I be try for murdering my husband . guilty . the judge set the verdict aside . there be one man on the jury -- ( she pause , shake she head ) -- but he be afraid . they be all afraid - - of my father - in- law . that man follow I last night -- he come from he of course . my father - in - law will never give up . never . he promise I that . ( she laugh a little ) so I come to Vancouver , b.c . as far away as I can get from North Carolina . and it happen all over again . almost the same thing . almost the same way . do you wonder about this -- she reach to take the note from he hand . he pull it away from she . brandon this be the ace , Betty . but not of spade . they will find out about the other . they might know already . and when they get this -- ( he hold up the note again ) what would they look for ? where ? out there somewhere ? ( he point towards the open water beyond the ship ) betty they will look for you . brandon I run over to Victoria . play some golf with some people I know . do it all the time . that 's why I have a cabin cruiser . custom - build . forty knot . Mr Clark brandon a almost gentleman of almost complete leisure . member of six golf club . break 70 once on the shaughnessy Heights course . you have to be good to do that , and if you look out of a front window of the Empress Hotel in Victoria , in a few hour you can look right down on Mr. brandon 's boat , the valkyrie . come alone ? sure . he always come alone . Mr brandon 's a rather lonely man . betty ( stare at he , fascinate ) and Betty mayfield -- brandon blonde , beautiful , and sad -- and nowhere . of course she might have run away -- if she know how . and where to go . she might have dyed she hair . bleached it before probably . ( Betty nod ) and change she name again . but look at this note . ( he hold it up ) and look at she room in the hotel . her stuff be all there . have not a rag except what she stand up in . you do not run away like that . not if you be young and beautiful . no chance . betty ( catch a little enthusiasm from he ) but that 's what I be do . could not they think of that ? brandon if they have any reason to . why make it tough for themselves ? why go to all that trouble ? here 's a open book . Close it . no reason to keep it open . she be a nice girl , anyway . and perhaps she do not kill he on purpose . perhaps she do not kill the other one . you never know . give she the benefit of the doubt . leave she stay where she be . Close the book . finis . betty killaine ... brandon the best interference runner we have get . he think he 's in love with you -- and he 's a gentleman . come here , baby . he pull she towards he , hold she in he arm , and kiss she . brandon I be not . or I would not be do this right now . ( softly ) even if I do not like you , I would have to do it . like the guy that be deal thirteen spade in a bridge hand . or fill a ace - high flush . you could not get he out of that game to give he the pulitzer Prize . they pull apart . brandon start the car again . as it get into motion , he look forward through the windshield , brake suddenly , with a grim expression . what he sees shoot forward through the windshield of the car along the block , at the end of which be Charlie 's place . the sign can be make out vaguely . a police car stand in front of the door . back to brandon and betty brandon ( with force carelessness ) must be raid day at magruder 's . they always raid he before he open , so he will not lose any business . wider shot - exterior of the car as brandon turn it in a fast U - turn , camera pan it out F sight in the opposite direction , then pan back to pick up the police car in front of magruder be . close shot of the Police car - uniform chauffeur at the wheel . one of the car door be stand open . ext . charlie' place -- day pan to the entrance of charlie be another uniform cop be stand at the door . he push the door open , look inside , up the staircase . camera pan to shoot up the dark , empty stair wipe to : int . charlie' place -- day as see before , except that the place be now tidy up , the table be in order , arrange for the night . a door at the back open and a plain clothes dick , one we have not yet see , come through , start walk rapidly in the direction of the street stair . through the open door we hear driscoll 's voice . driscoll ( o.s. ) ( not too loud ) I want a man from the I - Bureau down here as soon as possible . there 's some stuff in the waste basket I be afraid to handle . CUT to : int . charlie' place - magruder's office -- day as driscoll replace phone , turn to face magruder , who be handcuff , with a man stand beside he . magruder be scowling . driscoll bring up he leave hand , show on a spread handkerchief the saw - off belly gun that magruder take away from goble and put in he desk drawer . driscoll what always throw I about people like you be that you be so stupid . do not you know this thing have number on they ? and that they have to be register if they be own legally ? and that if we find a man dead with he pocket 's empty -- and identify he and find out he 's a private detective from San Francisco -- magruder ( tough ) it need music . driscoll ( ignore he and continue right on ) all we have to do be call the San Francisco Police and get number for he gun . for the love of the Saints , magruder , if you be go into the murder business , why do not you learn a few rule ? you must have be pretty desperate to move he out of here in broad daylight . magruder react . this one catch he right square on the point of the chin . driscoll ( softly ) do not you know we have people down in the district work for we ? they might look like tramp to you , and some of they be . but they have eye . magdruder ( hoarsely ) the guy pull a gun on I . I think it be a stick - up . I hit he with a sap . why would not I ? maybe I hit he too hard , and it scared I . I want to get he away from here . a guy like I do not always get believe by guy like you . driscoll you have over sixteen hundred dollar in you pocket , a thousand of they in twenty - dollar bill . with a kind of new look about they at that . would you be interested in what I think about this , magruder ? magruder do not answer . he be beginning to look very groggy . driscoll ( sharply to the other dick ) hold he . he 's try to sag on we . the other dick straighten magruder up , push he against the wall . magruder 's eye be roll in he head . driscoll ( mercilessly ) this man goble rent the car , give a false name . he have no licence , no identification . but he put up a sufficient deposit . he be a suspicious man . he be on a dubious errand . he have a gun in he pocket and I be think one of this manila envelope -- ( he point to the waste basket ) contain that sheet of blank paper which he be go to sell for money . and get out before anybody look at what he would sell . you have the money , magruder . but you do not give it to he . you kill he instead . magruder start to sag again . driscoll ( more gently ) perhaps you do not mean to kill he . but here he be dead , and he car be outside in the street . so you bring it around to the alley and you carry the man down to it , and you drive he away . and what happen to he after that , nobody know until he be pick out of the water of the sound , dead . but not long dead . where do you leave the car , magruder ? who help you ? what boat do you have ? ( pause . his voice change to a dry business - like tone address the other dick ) all right . take he in . set he down . give he what he want to make he comfortable . and get a stenographer . and warn he . and do not rough he . he 's a nice little man . all he want be to collect he thought . and then he will tell we the whole story in he own word . ( he voice become positively corny ) wo not you , magruder , darling ? magruder pitch forward to the floor in a dead faint . the two detective stand look at he . driscoll ( somberly ) he will be give the priest a bad time , this one . maybe you would better call a ambulance . he might have a wonky ticker . ext . vancouver yacht club build parking space in front -- day camera pick out brandon' sedan which have just park . brandon and Betty be get out . closer shot - on brandon and betty brandon over this way . they start towards the corner of the building away from the entrance . ext . narrow wooden walk along the side of the yacht club build -- day brandon stop at the padlock door , unlock it , open it . they start through . int . vancouver yacht club - boathouse -- day the seaward end be open , a big cabin cruiser be moor in the slip , a wooden ladder go down to it . brandon go down the ladder to deck of cruiser , steady it by pull on the line , help Betty down , then down into the cockpit . int . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- day shoot down the short companionway brandon load Betty down the companionway to the cabin of the cruiser . it be panele , with curtain window , luxurious . brandon you will be safe here . I will not be long . ( put a bunch of key on the table ) help yourself to anything you want . the galley 's through there . ( he point to a door up forward ) you can make coffee if you like . betty ( look around here ) this must have cost a fortune . brandon it do , but it never pay off -- until now . ( he look at he watch ) I ought to be back within a hour . we can not leave until near dark anyway . betty do you have to leave the note ? brandon it 's the frame on the picture . but not if you say so . he take the note out of he pocket and hold it out . Betty do not touch it . brandon I would still go through - - even if I end up in jail . betty you would not like it . I have be there . brandon ( quietly ) my father die in jail , and he be twice the man I be . Betty just stare at he . brandon ( hold up the letter ) well ? betty ( in a choke voice ) you leave it . she turn away quickly , brandon stand a moment , look at she , then turn back and exit scene . wipe to : int . police car in motion -- day shoot forward through police car windshield Police radio be on . from it we hear : voice ( from radio ) c.v.p.l. Vancouver Police Department . repeating . all point bulletin no. 611 . General alarm . want for question . a young woman . american . use the name Betty mayfield , formerly Elizabeth kinsolve of greenwater , North Carolina . height five foot one and a half inch . Weight 118 pound . Hair blonde , may be dyed darker . Blue eye . slender build . size 4 aa shoe . quiet refine manner . any person answer this description should be hold , communicate immediately with superintendent J. mckechnie , Vancouver City Police , Vancouver , b.c. , for f.p. classification . CUT to : int . vancouver royal HOTEL - mitchell's room -- day a handsome table radio , Gore stand beside it . the continuation of broadcast in previous scene , without break , but with a difference in tone , due to the different instrument . voice ( from radio ) outly city and town please rebroadcast . Coast Guard station please rebroadcast . suspect may attempt to cross border . c.v.p.l. Vancouver City Police , Vancouver , b.c . I will repeat this bulletin . Gore reach across , shut the radio off , turn , camera pull back to a wider shot of mitchell's room which be not typical , not very expensive hotel room , but with some personal furniture such as table lamp , a shelf of book , a few indication that this have become the home of someone . Gore move towards the bed , killaine be go through the content of a suitcase . he have underwear , shirt , sock , etc. , spread out all around the bed cover . gore she do not seem the type to lam out -- even if she get the chance . that stuff be all go through last night . anything special you be look for , Inspector ? killaine I will know when I find it . gore I guess I be just ballast around here . killaine do not answer . he straighten up with a very fancy thin gold cigarette case in he hand . he open it . gore you get that from rich woman -- if you be the kind of guy Mitchell be . killaine dump the cigarettes out of the case and hold the inside against the light . his gaze become fix . killaine ( read ) " g.g. market one - eight-four-two . " gore gigi , huh ? sound french -- one of that fancy lady . must have be very fancy , if he scratch she phone number in gold . killaine ( ignore he , speak to himself ) market ... it seem to I that 's a San Francisco exchange . int . Beer tavern - basement -- day brandon be seat at a small table , with a bottle and glass of beer in front of he . he take Betty 's suicide note out he pocket , read it . camera move in enough to show what he be reading he refold it , hold it a moment , lose in think , then put it away in he pocket , glance at he wrist watch , stand up , start out of scene , leave beer almost untast . int . the royal vancouver HOTEL - betty' room -- day as killaine come in he move noiselessly around the room , glance at this and that , go closet , come back with a over - night case , which he put on the bed . it be lock . he get out a bunch of key , try two or three , open it . he search inside the over - night bag and come up with a packet of traveler check . close on the packet of traveler check to show the denomination of $ 500 each and that the packet be quite a thick wad killaine replace they in the over- night bag , re-lock it , put it back in the closet , start out towards balcony . int . cabin cruiser valkyrie -- day Betty be stretch out on a bunk , smoking , noise be heard off , creaking wood step . she jump to she foot , start towards the companionway . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- day as brandon come down off ladder and Betty come up companionway . brandon ( tightly ) killaine 's wise . we can not wait any longer . here , put this on . ( he open locker , pick out a oilskin coat , hand sit to she ) but stay out of sight until we clear the harbor . I will tell you when . ( get another oilskin out of the locker , put it on himself ) betty killaine 's wise to what ? without answer , brandon slip past she , down companionway . int . cabin cruiser valkyrie -- day as brandon enter , peel off he overcoat and jacket , toss overcoat and hat aside , open locker with push - back door , hang jacket up inside , take out a heavy sweater which he slip on , then a seamen 's pea-jacket which he also put on . he reach far in and come out hold a .38 automatic , slip it into the inside pocket of the pea jacket , pull locker door close , start out . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- day Betty have put on she oilskin coat as brandon come up companionway , slip behind the wheel and start the motor . he yell something at she , but the roar of the motor drown it out . he point . she nod , go back down companionway . brandon cast off , cruiser start to back out of the slip . ext . yacht anchorage -- day cruiser back in towards camera , swing around , start in a wide curve towards the harbor entrance , move very fast . brandon alone be see . the cruiser pick up still more speed and head off into the distance . wipe to : int . royal HOTEL - outside brandon' penthouse -- day Elevator come up , open , Campbell and Gore come out . Campbell cross to penthouse door , press bell , then turn to Gore . campbell I be get a little tired of this , sergeant . Mr. brandon 's a value guest in this hotel . we have know he for a long time . I do not like this prowling into people 's room . he press the bell again . gore how many people in you hotel know a man be murder here , mr.campbell ? apart from you and the people question ? campbell ( shortly ) none , as far as I know . gore and you do not like we method , huh ? Campbell give he a look , take out the passkey , and unlock door , start in . Gore move past he , turn and block he . gore that 's all . thanks , Mr. Campbell . campbell I insist -- gore that 's all . thanks , Mr. Campbell . he push the door shut , push Campbell out with it . he put on the night latch , grin and start across live room to french door to terrace . CUT to : ext . the vancouver royal HOTEL - betty' room - balcony -- day killaine stand , look up at end wall towards the wall of the penthouse terrace . he look down at the chaise on which Mitchell 's body be find . he go to it , wheel it over so it be close to the end wall . his eye measure the distance from the chaise up to the top of the parapet wall of the penthouse terrace . Gore appear in the shot above . he look down . killaine ( call up to he ) I be come up . he go down to the corner of the balcony wall , step up on it , steadying himself with a hand against the steep end wall . he turn he body so that he be stand sideways , rather unsteadily , and reach up . his hand be about two foot short of be able to reach the top of the wall at which Gore stand . killaine gather himself for a jump , spring , catch the top of the wall with one hand , swing outward , glance down . what he sees sheer drop of 100 foot to the stone terrace outside the hotel lobby . angle up showing killaine dangling by one hand from terrace above Gore reach down for he . killaine 's body swing in again . with a jerk he get the other hand up , laboriously pull himself up , and walk up the wall , camera follows he . Gore reach to help he . killaine ( tightly , strain with effort ) I be all right . he get a leg over the penthouse wall , breathe hard . ext . penthouse balcony -- day reverse shot angle down looking down from the terrace to the view below Gore be stand by the wall , killaine astride of it . he get over to the balcony floor , stand up , wipe he hand off . gore ( shake ) that 's pretty risky business , Inspector . killaine somebody do it twice last night -- in the dark . he point down . Gore look over the wall , downward . what he sees . portion of Betty 's balcony and the chaise almost directly below he . killaine ( o.s. ) once to put that in the position where it be now . and the second time to move it where we find it . two shot - killaine and gore on the balcony . killaine not too hard , be it ? gore ( stare at he ) maybe we have be pretty dumb -- killaine ( quietly ) there be not any motive ... let 's try out the act . Gore step back . killaine put he hand in he pocket and bring out a gun , which look very like the death gun . killaine I have a gun . it 's not load . pretend it be . I be drunk . I take the gun away from margo West . now I have say something to you that you do not like . I do not like the look in you eye , either . I have pull the gun . take it away from I . and while you be take it away from I , it go off . ready ? Gore nod . killaine let 's go . Gore suddenly swarm he . there be a brief sharp struggle . Gore get he hand over the gun . it go down as they fight for it . Gore turn it in toward killaine 's body . there be a sharp click . Gore step back with the gun in he hand . killaine be that about the right angle ? gore I think so . killaine where 's the shell ? gore should be over there . point to the angle of the wall . killaine pick it up . put it in you pocket . Gore pretend to do so . killaine the same with the gun . Gore put the gun in he pocket . killaine you have get a dead man on you hand . you kill jim - - even if it be not murder . what be you go to do about it ? gore if I have get any sense I be go to call headquarters . killaine they will probably believe you . but they will want to know what you be fight about . why Mitchell have a gun . you will tell they a simple story . they will pretend it sound all right to they . now you be headquarters . how do it sound to you ? gore before I take the story and close the case , I would want to know a lot more about this people . I would want to know just about everything about they . killaine ( nodd ) exactly . now I be the killer . and there 's something I do not want you to know . something that would destroy my comfortable life , rob I of my friend , my position . gore such as ? killaine assume there be something to hide . I go to a lot of trouble . what do I do ? what would you do ? gore do I know who life down there ? killaine you can find out . gore do I know that she 's out of the room ? likely to be out of it for some time ? killaine you can find out the first part . the second part you have to take a chance on . gore pretty big chance , huh ? killaine you have get a dead man on you hand . like this . he allow himself to collapse down on the floor , against the wall . gore right -- he bend down over killaine , get a fireman 's lift on he -- get 's he up , drape he over the wall , half on one side and half on the other , he head and shoulder on the inside . he straighten up , take a firm grip on killaine 's wrist , and ease he down over the wall . Gore 's head and shoulder follow until he be lie across the wall on he stomach . angle up - upward reverse shot from betty' balcony show killaine 's body dangle directly over the chair . Gore come as far down as he can . killaine have only a few foot to fall . killaine look down , then up at Gore . killaine let go . Gore release he wrist . killaine sprawl down on the chaise , almost roll over it , save himself , lie down on he side . Gore climb over the wall , lower himself , hang by he hand , look down , let go with one hand , drop , land rather heavily on the balcony near the chaise , go down on he hand and knee . he stand up , dust himself off , lift the chaise with killaine on it , and wheel it about six foot away to the position where it be find with Mitchell 's body . killaine stand up off the chaise . killaine next ? Gore reach into he pocket , take out the gun and a match . gore ( hold the match up ) this be the shell . ( toss it over in the corner ) what about the gun ? killaine well . what about it ? gore I have handle it . Mitchell 's hand it . if I wipe it off , no suicide . if I take it out and lose it , no suicide . if I leave it here .... no suicide . killaine so ? gore I have get to find a way to handle it , openly . like brandon . killaine nod . gore ( doubtful again ) how do he know he would get the chance ? he could not have arrange it . killaine he could have try . if he be up there in the dark , listen , he would know when she come home , know when she find Mitchell dead , know what she do about it . if she telephone , he would probably hear that . gore and she do give he the chance , the way it work out . killaine if she do not -- if luck be against he - - he wipe the gun off , reach the wall up there -- drop it on the chaise . gore no suicide . killaine do we ever really think it be suicide ? gore you win , Inspector . you win all along the line . why do not we think of brandon before - - or do we -- some of we . ( pause , then answer himself ) yeah . of course you do . when a suspect think he 's safe , you go on let he think he 's safe . wait for a mistake . killaine and a motive -- which we have not get . so this could all be a dream . Gore nod silently . killaine reach in he pocket , take out Mitchell 's thin gold case , open it , look down . killaine market one -eight-four-two . he look up at Gore . gore greer and goble in the call Building , San Francisco . just like you think ... two murder in two day . different place , different method , different people . nothing connect they , but a telephone number . killaine ( softly ) a think wire --- but very , very strong . let 's get out of here . as they start out . wipe to : int . the sea - OPEN water -- night long shot cabin cruiser come into shot at high speed . closer shot - cabin cruiser brandon be behind the wheel , Betty beside he . she be look back over she shoulder . brandon see anything ? betty I can still see the shoreline . the moon be rise . brandon there would be a moon tonight . Betty shiver a little . brandon cold ? betty frozen . brandon go down into the cabin and get yourself a drink . careful how you go , we be hit the swell now . Betty start to move from the seat towards the companionway . int . cabin cruiser valkyrie -- night as Betty come in . the cruiser have begin to pitch and roll . she make she way along the cabin . the cruiser give a lurch , Betty be throw off balance . she grab a door handle . door be pull open . clothes be see hang inside . the cruiser give another lurch and Betty be throw the other way , almost into the closet . her hand plunge in among the clothes . her expression show she have touch something that startles she . shot revealing inside the closet Betty separate clothes and we see a empty gun holster hang on a hook against the back wall of the closet . she stand motionless , stare at it , then notice brandon 's jacket hang untidily on a hook with the inside pocket expose and a corner of she own suicide note show . close on the inside of the jacket pocket and the exposed corner of the envelope . betty' hand enter the shot and she draw the envelope from the pocket . int . cabin cruiser valkyrie -- night as Betty close the closet door , cross to bunk . the cruiser be pitching . she stand hold the suicide note envelope finally turn it over , draw out the note , replace it . then with a quick movement , she start towards companionway . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night angle on back toward the boiling wake brandon be stare straight ahead of he , tight - lipped . there be a distant SOUND of a plane . brandon look up , search the sky without change expression . Betty come back up the companionway , sit down in a corner of the seat . betty I decide I do not want a drink ... I be beginning to wonder . brandon wonder what ? betty if you be do all this just for I . brandon that , and the fun of it . betty I think you have to be back to the hotel . to leave my -- my note . brandon that 's right . silently , Betty take out the note and hold it towards he . brandon glance at it . he cock he ear towards the plane noise . brandon see anything up there ? as betty look up , he let go of the wheel , and make a sudden grab for the wrist of the hand hold the note . there be a short , sharp struggle . brandon have the note . the wheel swing wildly and the cabin cruiser keel over into a hard turn . brandon thrust the note into he pocket , grab the wheel , wrench it around , get the cruiser go on course again . Betty lean in a corner of a seat , away from he . betty funny , I never think of you that way . you be so close too . we be all pretty stupid about you . brandon ( tightly ) include killaine . betty ( softly ) include killaine ... I still can not think of you that way . brandon ( stare straight ahead ) I tell you my father die in jail . he steal a fortune . most of it pretty dirty money . I do not care to have that know . betty ( same tone ) Larry Mitchell find out . so you kill he . brandon in a way . betty if it be a accident , you could have tell the truth . brandon so could you . but we record be a little against we . betty what you father do do not condemn you . brandon nobody believe I be not in on it . I be just a dumb-smart collage boy , and he be my father . I think it be a legitimate business . he be a politician , with finger in a lot of pie . I never see the pie . they have name . for the record . innocent name . ( he shrug ) you know where that kind of money come from , do not you ? betty the money that make you Mr. Clark brandon . let 's you live in a penthouse , on top of the Vancouver Royal . let you own a cruiser . let you do as you please , go where you please . you big , open-handed , generous guy . that 's the kind of money it take , be not it ? the plane noise be a little louder . brandon look up at it without much interest , then look at Betty . brandon it busy thing , just like any other kind . betty that man that be follow we last night -- he do not come back this morning . I be beginning to wonder about he , too . be he really follow I -- or you ? brandon no . I pay he off . betty he will come back ... they always come back when you give they money . brandon not this one . and not Mitchell . betty ( recoil ) you-killed-him ? brandon ( with a twisted smile ) magruder oblige I . no use my say it be not plan that way . I have to clean up . I be not a dumb - smart college boy anymore . ( he take a deep breath ) nobody in the world would believe I do not plan the whole thing . betty I guess I be a little screwy . maybe I could believe it . should I try ? brandon do not go soft on I , baby . I have get you note in my pocket . you write it , all by you own self . and I have to use it . it have to be find in exactly the right place . betty so that I will never be find . brandon turn he head and stare full at she . he swallow . he can not speak . wipe to : int . police headquarters - I - bureau - projection room -- night the room be dark except for a strong white light over a desk . in the background there be a projection screen and a comparison projector . the police technician be bend over the desk look at something through a magnify glass , as killaine enter . killaine get anything on the goble case yet ? the technician put down a magnify glass . technician yes , I think so . here be two glaze manila envelope . ( he hold they up ) one be the bag type . the other one have the money in it . do not ask I how I know . I know . killaine I be interested in who handle it . technician four different people , Inspector . Three man and a woman . I have make slide for two . they handle both envelope . he fit two slide into the projector and switch on the light . focus a couple of separate image on the screen . one be a complete fingerprint , the other a portion such as would be make by a tip of a finger . technician goble . second finger on leave hand . on the leave , the morgue print . on the right , print lift from the envelope . he turn another knob and the two finger draw together , overlap , and coincide , so that the incomplete image disappear altogether . technician no doubt about that one . killaine how about magruder ? technician he check too . killaine that leave two stranger . technician so far . killaine try Betty mayfield . the Mitchell case . technician ( surprised ) mayfield ? she fit into this ? killaine ( deadpan ) she might . technician open a file drawer and take out a fingerprint card . lay it on the desk and pick up the magnify glass . technician you will have to take my word for it . we do not make slide until we have perfect print for comparison . killaine I will take you word . the technician place another card beside the one he take from the drawer , bend over , examine they through the magnify glass , straighten up and shake he head . technician not a chance . whorl and plain arch . different as salt and sand . killaine put he hand in he pocket and take out another fingerprint card . killaine try this one for the second stranger . technician take the card , look at it , push the other card to one side . technician gun permit , huh ? ( he line up two card , study they ) another whorl -- man size . he study the print a moment longer , then face killaine . technician this gun permit be issue to Clark brandon ? killaine the card say so , do not it ? technician brandon handle the money envelope . killaine turn instantly , and start out , camera following as he open the door , he meet driscoll come in . driscoll back away , killaine exit . ext . police headquarters - I - bureau - corridor -- night killaine what 's the face for , driscoll ? driscoll magruder 's conk out . adrenaline injection , oxygen tent . he may come out of it and he may not . as a source of quick information , we can not forget he . killaine we do not need he . he open door of I - Bureau . killaine go on in . see what they have get . all I need now be a warrant and a pair of wing . he go out of shot quickly . driscoll look after he , then start into I - Bureau . dissolve to : ext . coast guard station - stevenston , b.c . -- night there be a armed guard at the entrance and a canadian Coast Guard flag fly over the building . a Vancouver police car drive up at high speed and squeal to a stop beside the sentry . killaine lean out of the window , show the sentry he badge . killaine Inspector killaine . Vancouver City Police . Commander goodwin' expect I . senty very good , sir . he step back . the police car speed on . wipe to : int . coast guard control room -- night Radio operator at set . radio operator ( into mike ) c.g.l. at all cutter and patrol plane on station . Vancouver Police Department bulletin . want for murder . Clarke brandon . a naturalize canadian citizen . Age 34- 35 . height six foot , one inch . Weight 190 pound . muscular build . Dark hair . american accent . now probably at sea in cabin cruiser valkyrie . will probably attempt to cross International line under cover of darkness . wipe to : ext . coast guard cutter LYNX - at berth -- night engine idling . a rating stand by to cast off . killaine and a Coast Guard officer come rapidly down ramp , jump on board . rating cast off . lynx , a convert p.t. boat , without torpedo tube , move off from berth , pick up speed rapidly . ext . OPEN water - valkyrie -- night travel at high speed in open water . plane noise high overhead . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night brandon at wheel . Betty press into corner of a seat watch he . spray drift over they . mo . shot -- coast guard plane in flight a convert Hudson bomber . closer on the plane the pilot and co-pilot can be see through the plexiglas . they be search the water below with they eye . int . hudson bomber - cockpit -- night shoot past pilot and CO - pilot Pilot push the wheel forward and the plane go into a steep dive . reverse shot from pilot' angle what he sees the cabin cruiser be see far below , move fast through the water . or rather its wake be see . the cruiser itself , at this height , be almost invisible . int . hudson bomber - cockpit -- night Betty be look up at the plane . brandon reach inside he coat . his hand come out with a heavy automatic , which we have see before . brandon ( tightly ) get down in the cabin , Betty . her eye go down . she see the gun , react . a bitter smile move she lip . betty why ? to love ten minute longer ? and in the meantime , protect you ? ( she voice become taunting ) why do not you shoot I now and get it over with -- she look up towards the plane noise . betty if you think you have the time . reverse shot behind brandon a fog bank about a mile ahead . brandon ( as if to himself ) always some fog out here . he look up in the direction of the plane noise which be increase . brandon there better be . int . hudson bomber - cockpit -- night shot through the plexiglas head and shoulder of the pilot and co-pilot . the cruiser down on the water be get rapidly larger , but still cannot be see who be in the cockpit , or even how may person . the co-pilot put a pair of binocular to he eye . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night brandon with one hand on the wheel , the other hold the gun . he be stare up towards the plane . Betty be not in the cockpit . brandon turn towards where she be , react sharply , see she have disappear . a expression of frustration and despair show on he face for a moment . the noise of the plane in the power dive become furiously loud . brandon 's head go around again . reverse angle -- the plane diving directly on the valkyrie brandon see it . it dive down almost into the camera . mo . long shot -- from water level the valkyrie and the plane . at the last moment , the plane pull out of the dive , only thirty or forty foot above the valkyrie , and go into a climb bank . mo . long shot - valkyrie - shoot from behind the fog bank be dead ahead . the coast Guard plane be climb off to the leave . the valkyrie reach the fog bank , plunge into it , and become invisible . int . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit in fog -- night brandon be steering straight ahead . he reach to cut off the engine . the valkyrie slow down . Betty 's head emerge from the companionway . her eye meet brandon' . brandon be silent . betty you hope I would jump overboard , do not you ? brandon do not answer , just stare at she . betty but I would not make it that easy for you . long shot - coast guard cutter LYNX traveling at high speed close shot - bridge of LYNX Coast Guard Lt. in command . killaine beside he , a talker with a head - set stand nearby . he be receive a message . talker ( into he mouthpiece ) bear one - three -five . ( to Coast Guard officer ) bear one - three - five , sir . Coast Guard officer nod . coast guard officer ( to helmsman ) get it ? helmsman one-three -five , sir . he turn he wheel a little . the lynx change course , heeling over . Coast Guard officer put binocular to he eye , wing they in a slow arc . they come to a stop , fix . coast guard officer ( point ) there ! killaine follow he point finger . what they see - long shot across OPEN empty water - a flare hanging in the sky and falling as it fall , it be swallow in a bank of fog . ext . bridge of cutter LYNX -- night killaine ( tensely ) fog ! coast guard officer we get a lot of it out here . killaine brandon will have count on that . coast guard officer no doubt . we have something he may not have count on . CUT to : ext . close shot -- cabin cruiser valkyrie in fog -- night noise of the plane overhead , loud but diminish . brandon sit listen , he hand on the wheel . betty ( contempt in she voice now ) you will never make it . you have out - smart yourself . brandon ( quietly ) I be still on course to Victoria . nobody see you get on board , nobody see you since . the valkyrie have now stop on the swell . it rock a little . there be confuse noise in the distance . plane noise , possibly some other kind of engine noise . in the fog you can not tell what it be . betty you do not leave the note . brandon put the gun down close to he body , and pat he pocket . brandon it be not the time or place . do not worry about the note , baby . I be play for my neck now . betty and I be begging for my life -- and yours . brandon ( startle ) mine ? betty yes. your . you have not murder anybody . you kill Mitchell . be not that a accident ? it must have be . if you kill a blackmailer , you kill he dead -- so that he can not talk anymore . brandon Mitchell be dead enough . betty and that nasty man that follow we last night . you do not kill he . brandon who would believe it but you ? I take he out to sea and throw he in the water . even if they find he , what connect he with I ? betty magruder do . brandon you think magruder want to hang beside I ? betty but the next one be murder . first the little step , then the longer step , and then the step you can never take back . you could tell about Mitchell . you could tell about magruder - - and the detective . it would hurt , but you could do it . you could never tell about I . brandon would I want to ? betty every day of you life you will want I . you will never get over it . every time you see you face in the mirror -- brandon ( with a sudden burst of fury ) shut up ! cut it out ! even if I have to kill both of we -- he break off with a disgust gesture . a faint smile show on Betty 's lip . CUT to : ext . bridge of cutter LYNX -- night killaine and the Coast Guard officer be peer ahead into the thick fog . the lynx be just drift . the helmsman be stand on hand on the wheel . the Coast Guard officer turn to the talker . coast guard officer nothing yet ? the talker shake he head , then : talker ( suddenly ) just a minute , sir . I believe -- radar screen below the bridge a blob of light take the form in one corner of it . camera pull back to include the radar operator . he reach for a mike . operator ( into mike ) Change course about five degree south after a moment the blob of light on the radar screen move towards the center of the screen . operator ( into mike ) you dead on now . hold it there . ext . bridge of cutter LYNX -- night the four men on it be now tensely stare straight ahead . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night brandon be listen again . Far away there be a faint SOUND of diesel engine , but grow rapidly louder . he stand up and twist he body , still hold the gun , look back , then slip quickly behind the wheel again . brandon radar . he gun the motor and the cabin cruiser shoot forward into high speed . Betty have to hang on . he swing the cruiser around on another course and gun for it for all its worth for a moment or two , then abruptly cut the motor again . cruiser slow down , once more drift . the engine SOUND have now stop . brandon turn to face Betty , who be now stand up . brandon this be it , Betty . they will find we again , fog or no fog . betty ( speak slowly , with difficulty ) if it have to be -- do you mind if I do it myself ? ( pause , then quickly ) oh , I do not mean with the gun . this be no trick . when I write that note you have in you pocket -- that be no trick either . it 's not so hard for I as you think . I be not cry about it , I have be skate close to it for quite some time . the water be cold down there -- ( she give a little shrug ) but so be everything else . and there 's you . brandon ( startle ) I ? betty yes . you . you be not really a murderer yet . quick shot of radar screen a blob of light slide into it from another corner . CUT to : ext . bridge of cutter LYNX -- night talker ( into he mouthpiece ) bear one-eight-one . ( to Coast Guard officer ) one-eight -one , sir . change course due South . officer ( to helmsman ) one-eight-one .. helmsman one-eight -one , sir . helmsman swing the wheel around . the lynx veer , heeling over , come level again . overhead shot - down on LYNX ( from helicopter ) follow at a equal speed , then the lynx gradually pull away into the fog and disappear . the noise of its engine be still hear for a few moment . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night still motionless on the water idling . there be a SOUND of the cutter' motor , far off , but increase . brandon be pay no attention . he be stare at Betty . brandon ( thickly ) I be not a murderer yet , you say . come here . come closer . let I look at you . Betty hold off , then slowly come towards he along the seat , until they face close . he search she eye . brandon ( quietly ) I think you mean that . betty do you think I be fake ? brandon ( thickly ) if I do - I do not - now . he put he arm around she , pull she close . there be kind of wonder in he eye . hers stare back at he , calm and level . he kiss she hard on the mouth , let 's she go . she pull away from he , along the seat . she do not know what to think of he . she be terrify , resign , and at the same time , he still have a attraction for she . brandon the kiss of death . ( laugh ) with a new twist . he lift the gun in he hand , look at it , toss it overboard . he reach inside he coat , take out the suicide note . brandon ( read ) " dear Inspector killaine . this be goodbye . you be right . I have a secret . " the diesel engine SOUND have grow louder . brandon look up from the note . brandon a secret , Betty - -- as who have not he crumple the note and envelope in he hand , drop they over the side of the boat . open the engine full throttle and the power of the cruiser almost tear it out from under they . Betty be throw violently against the seat . he reach out and straighten she up . there be a mad light in he eye . his face be no longer hard . series of helicopter shot of the chase , alternate with the cabin cruiser and the lynx , as the lynx gradually close in . during this shot cabin cruiser and the lynx both come out of the fog bank into moonlit water , but there be another fog bank half a mile or so ahead . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night shot from back of cruiser the lynx be move up fast , and the Coast Guard officer can be see on the bridge , with binocular to he eye . a rating , hang on tight , be stripping the canvas off a twin machine gun mount . brandon ( above the roar of the motor ) stand up ! let they take a good look at you . be sure they see you . that fellow back there have night glass . then jump --- well out to the side . just as far as you can . Betty do what he tell she . she wave . there be a answer wave from the bridge of the lynx . we can not see who 's wave . Betty set herself to jump . she try to speak to brandon , but nothing come out . there be a great deal of noise from motor . gravely , brandon lift he hand and salute she . she jump . following shot as betty hit the water and the cruiser pull away rapidly towards another fog bank beyond the clear space . CUT to : ext . bridge of cutter LYNX -- night coast guard officer full speed astern . talker full speed astern . the cutter heave on reverse engine , nearly stand on its tail in the water , drift past Betty , come to a stop , then move forward slowly , swinging around to get close to she . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night high shot of cabin cruiser as it reach the fog and plunge into it . helicopter with camera plunge into fog at the same time . ext . coast guard cutter LYNX -- night close shot stop on the swell . Betty in the water , fight she way towards it . a life belt and rope be drop neatly beside she . she grab it and be draw towards the side of the lynx . Coast Guard officer , killaine , and a rating put rope ladder over the side . killaine start down the rope ladder . reverse shot -- down from the deck of the LYNX past killaine on the rope ladder to water , as Betty be pull to foot of ladder . killaine reach down , get she hand . she grasp rope ladder , killaine help she up onto it . Business of get she on board cutter . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night brandon stare straight ahead of he , grip the wheel hard , give the cruiser everything it have , drive as if he have a clear , open course . hear a foghorn , somewhere of the fog . cock he head , try to gauge the direction . turn the wheel a little . ext . coast guard cutter LYNX - deck -- night as Betty come over the side , killaine hold she up , Betty be shiver with cold . the rating haul up the rope ladder and the life belt . Coast Guard signal the bridge ad the lynx start move ahead again . coast guard officer ( to Betty ) better get that wet clothes off in a hurry , miss . my cabin 's at you disposal . betty thank you . thank you very much . he salute , turn away , after give a quick look at killaine . betty ( to killaine ) he could have kill I a dozen time . you would never have know . killaine we know everything . betty ( almost passionately ) no , Jeff . you do not . he 's not a murderer , I tell you . he ;s not a murderer . killaine ( same tone ) I hope he can prove it . come on . you do not want to get pneumonia . he take she arm , start to push she along . she be still shiver , but still determine to defend brandon . betty but I tell you --- if you would only understand . killaine ( gently ) I understand , Betty . I understand perfectly . he put he arm around she . they eye meet in a long look . ext . cabin cruiser valkyrie - cockpit -- night the cruiser be move at high speed in the fog . the fog horn SOUND be louder , but seem to come from all direction . brandon be lean forward , tensely , try to see ahead . he turn the wheel first one way , and then another . there be a sudden blast of the foghorn , very loud . brandon turn the wheel violently and the cruiser keel over . but he be now quick enough . suddenly above loom the enormous bow of the puget sound ferry , as big as a ocean liner . it be ablaze with light . camera pan up to show it crash down into the lens as it be . the cabin cruiser valkyrie thrown out of the water almost , it be up - end on its stern . the ferry tear on through , fill the screen . CUT to : ext . a corner of the passenger deck on the ferry -- night a couple of passengers in overcoat lean against the rail look out into the fog . one of they be lighting a cigarette , cupping he hand around the lighter . first passenger you always have this kind of weather up here ? second passenger certain time of the year . always a lot of fog . but they never hit anything , somehow . CUT to : ext . bridge on the ferry -- night at the end of the bridge a officer be lean down , stare towards the water . he shake he head , straighten up , turn away . officer ( speak off ) a old pack case , I guess . a big searchlight its beam be turn down on the water . the beam move a little , back towards the stern . camera follows the beam down through the fog . empty water only be see . the searchlight be switch off . wipe to : dark foggy shot close to surface of water a break piece of the cabin cruiser 's bow float by , closer and closer to the camera , until on it the name valkyrie stand out , then it whirl past . there be nothing leave but the foggy surface of the sound . fade out : the end