pleasantville a fairytale by Gary Ross October 7 , 1996 " he be part of my dream of course but then I be part of he dream too . " - Lewis Carroll " through the look glass " fade in : int . high school auditorium . day . a college counselor stand at the podium lecture the high school senior about they future . college counselor ... for that of you go on to college next year , the chance of find a good job will actually decrease by the time you graduate . entry level job will drop from thirty - one to twenty - six percent , and the median income for that job will go down as well ... there be some rustling in the audience . college counselor ( cont ) obviously , my friend , it 's a competitive world and good grade be you only ticket through . by the year two thousand ... int . high school . health CLASS . a different teacher lecture a different class of student . health teacher ... the chance of contracting HIV from a promiscuous lifestyle will climb to one in one hundred and fifty . the odd of die in a auto accident be only one in twenty - five hundred . ( beat ) now this mark a drastic increase ... int . high school . science CLASS . same angle . different teacher . science teacher ... from just four year ago when ozone depletion be at ten percent of its current level . by the time you be twenty year old , average global temperature will have rise two and a half degree . even a shift of one degree can cause such catastrophic consequence as typhoon , flood , widespread drought and famine . reverse angle . student . they stare back in stunne silence . one of they , david wagner , sit in the front row with a pencil in he mouth . nobody move ... science teacher ( chipper classroom tone ) okay . who can tell I what famine be ? CUT to : 1958 . bird be chirp . the sun be shine . all the hedge be neatly prune and the lawn be perfectly manicure . a sweet stillness hang over the suburban STREET , which be bath in beautiful black and white . man' voice ( os ) honey , I be home . suburban home . GEORGE parker enter the front door and hang he hat on the coatrack . he set he briefcase down and move into the foyer with a huge smile on he face . it 's a freeze smile that do not seem to be affect by too much in particular - - like a tour guide at disneyland . woman' voice ( os ) hello darling . wider . mrs . GEORGE parker ( betty ) enter , untying the back of she apron . she be a vision of ' 5as beauty with a thin figure and concrete hair . Betty cross to she husband and hand he a fresh martini . she kiss he on the cheek . betty how be you day ? GEORGE oh , swell . you know , Mr. connel say that if thing keep go the way they be , I might be see that promotion sooner than I think . betty oh darling that 's wonderful ! ( a ador gaze ) I always know you could do it . wagner live room . night . 1996 -- ( live color ) david wagner sit on he couch watch this entire action on a sleek new Sony t.v . he stare rivete at the set with a big smile on he face . David wear black shoe , black pants , black t-shirt and a black baseball cap , not a nerd exactly ... he reach next to he into a huge bag of dorito , never take he eye off the show . GEORGE ( os ) ( on t.v. ) hey , pumpkin ! what 's that smell ? ( sniff ) be that you meat loaf ? david ( by rote ) " it might be ... " betty ( os ) ( shy smile ) it might be . he lean over and kiss she - - again on the cheek . GEORGE ( os ) oh pumpkin ! you sure know the way to this man 's heart . there be a loud and inappropriate laugh track . David smile wider and be just about to reach for more corn chip , when he real mother' voice ring out from the other room . david be mom ( os ) ... bullshit Barry , that be not the deal int . kitchen . David 's mom pace the room with the phone in she hand . between the plastic surgery and the make - up it 's hard to fix she age . david be mom no -- you have custody the first weekend of every month and this be the first weekend ... ( pause ) I do not care if yesterday be the thirtieth , this be still the first weekend . int . live room . her word drift in from the kitchen while David stare at the show . david be mom ( os ) no I can not bail you out , I be suppose to go to La costa ... ( beat ) well if I want to get a mud bath , that 's really my business , be not it ? he reach out and turn up the SOUND . pleasantville play at a unnaturally high volume . GEORGE ( on t.v. ) hey . where be that kid ? david ( recite - - a little louder ) " right behind you father . " bud and mary sue together ( on t.v. ) right behind you father . resume t.v. ( black and white ) the parker ' son and daughter ( bud and mary sue ) enter the foyer together . Mary Sue wear she hair in a pony tail . Bud have on a letterman 's sweater . marysue mother ... Father ... Bud have a little surprise for you . betty what 's that Bud ? Bud hesitates for a moment , then fold up a shiny blue ribbon . bud first prize at the science fair . there be lot of swell project -- guess mine be just the " swellest " . betty darling that 's wonderful . except there 's no such word as " swellest " . bud well gee whizz , mom. lot be not the " English " fair . there be another jarring laugh track . close up . david . he smile right along with it . David stare transfix at the set despite the continue conversation in the other room . david be mom ( os ) well sure they can stay by themselves , Barry , but that 's not the point . you say you would take they . ( beat ) well fine -- they will stay by themselves then . david ( quietly ) what 's a mother to do ? betty ( os ) ( on t.v. ) oh -- what 's a mother to do ? close up . david . he grab another handful of dorito stare at the t.v ... CUT to : ext . high school . ( series of shot ) day . a cacophony of modem life . beeper and nose ring -- blue hair and tattoo . dissonant boom box compete with one another . the hormone be run crazy . school courtyard . lot be a large open area , alive at lunchtime . group of kid hang out together , divide by they various clique . the music pound in the background . close up . david . he stand at one end of the courtyard beside a chain link fence . bead of sweat form on David 's forehead as he speak to someone in front of he . david hi. I mean ... ( pause ) ... hi. reverse angle . a very pretty blonde girl smile back at he . it 's a warm , welcoming smile . close up . david . david look . you probably do not think I should be ask you this . I mean -- not know you well and all ... reverse angle . girl . she smile wider at he , invite he to continue . close up . david . david ( pause ... ) I mean I know you -- everybody know you ... I just do not know you ... technically . reverse angle . girl . she nod at he ... close up . david . david well -- I be just wonder --' cause I see you all the time in algebra and I hear you hum that Van halen song and I really like that song too ... ( pause ) anyhow , I do not know what you be do this weekend but my Mom 's leave town and she say I could use she car so ... reverse angle . girl . she positively beam . the girl flick she blonde hair and stare back at he adoringly . close up . david . instead of smile back , David just stare , then look at the ground . wide angle . schoolyard . for the first time we see that she wasn't talking to he . David stand a good hundred yard across the schoolyard , rehearse this speech while the young woman stand face to face with a much cooler boy . he have a cell phone and a very hip haircut . angle . david . David watch as the girl throw she arm around the boy 's waist and head out of the playground ... CUT to : ext . " luncheon court " . day . David and he friend be all gather around the plastic picnic table and vend machine that form the luncheon court . the chess club meet at one end and there be some teacher at the other . all the cool kid be on the other side of the fence but David and he friend eat lunch at the same table every day . howard okay , whose window do Bud break when he be play with he father 's golf club ? david easy . Mr. Jenkins . what job do Mr. Jenkins have ? Howard look at he , puzzle . david ( cont ) salesman . what do Bud and Mary Sue name the cat they find in the gutter ? howard scout ? david marmalade . they all nod -- and murmur with admiration . david ( cont ) okay -- here 's one : why do they parent come home early from they weekend at the lake ? everybody think . nobody know . david ( cont ) ' Cause Bud do not answer the phone and they be worried about he . it 's quiet for a beat . howard you be unbelievable . you will win this thing for sure . when be it on ? david marathon start at 6:30 . Contest 's tomorrow at noon . howard ( weigh it ) a thousand dollar ... and it 's on all night ? david of course it be Howard . that 's why they call it a marathon . CUT to : the other side of the fence . David 's sister , Jennifer , hang out with she friend in the parking lot . all the girl be dress in the exact same uniform : Blue jeans , beeper on the belt , white V -neck T shirt , car key in they hand . ( even the girl without a car hold car key in they hand ) . Jennifer be by far the prettiest and , thus , be the leader of the group . they all look toward the luncheon Court where David and he friend be hang out . kimmy omigod , it 's so mortify , be related to he . I can not believe you be like -- jennifer only on my parent 's side . kimmy I know , but you be like ... twin and stuff . ( beat ) you must be from like , the cool side of the uterus . a group of very hip boy strut through the parking lot . they bop up and down with the self - confidence of all cool sixteen year old . the girl freeze when they see they . kimmy ( cont ) omigod , omigod -- here they come . christin do not do anything . just do not like -- do anything ... jennifer ( cooly ) hi Mark . different angle . he pause then look over at she . Jennifer slide sinuously off the fender of the car , flick she hair like a young racehorse . she have a perfect 16 year old body and the whole parking lot know it . Mark head over to she , follow by he lacky . the two group meet at the tail - gate of the Nissan pathfinder like a small summit conference . MARK ( to Jennifer ) hey . jennifer ( right back ) hey . beat ... mark lackey ( to Jennifer 's lacky ) hey . jennifer' lackey ( back to they ) hey . MARK saw you at the mall yesterday . jennifer yeah ... saw you too . everyone nod for a moment or two . no one say anything . jennifer ( cont ) so you watch Pearl jam on MTV tonight ? MARK yeah . ( beat ) Jennifer pause , weigh the next statement . jennifer my mom will be out of town . kimmy and christin positively gasp while Mark 's lackey mumble and glance around . the import of the thing be not lose on anybody . Mark bob up and down a little faster . MARK so uh ... maybe we could uh ... jennifer ( smile ) cool . MARK ( nodd faster ) cool . various lackey cool . everybody bob and shuffles for '' beat , when Mark nod , summoning he flock . CUT to : ext . wagner house . dusk . lot be a south - westem version of " leave it to beaver . " the uniformity of suburbia have be wash in earth tone . there be a red tile roof grace every home . all the house have the same anemic palm tree . it 's a urban planner 's version of hell . jennifer ( vo ) ... I know , I know -- he 's just like so fine ... I be still like : " omigod . " int . wagner home . lot be just as sleek and impersonal as before . maybe more so at night . Jennifer cross through the live room with the cordless phone attach to she ear . jennifer it be amazing , daph ... I be like : " well my Mom will be out of town . " and he 's like " well then , maybe we could -- you know ... " and I be like " yeah , sure . " and he 's like " well , cool . " ( beat ) I know , he 's just so smart . ( pause ... ) I do not know . maybe that black thing I just get . ( pause ... ) it be not slutty , daph , it 's cute . ( pause ... ) well , " hello ? " he 's not come over here to study ... ( beat ) I know . well I be jealous of you too sometimes . int . david' bedroom . lot be studious and academic - - not joyless , but not colorful either . David stand at he bedroom window , stare outside with a cordless phone in he hand . david ... he 's not homeless Howard , they just do not say where he life . ( pause ... ) well it 's a silly question . ( pause ... ) because nobody 's homeless in pleasantville . reverse angle . he Pov . his mother load the final Louis vuitton bag into she mercede . david ... because that 's just not what it 's like . she fire up the car and pull out of the driveway ... david ( cont ) listen Howard -- it 's almost six -thirty . I gotta go . int . wagner live room . the huge black tv sit like a monolith in the middle of the room . all at once David come bound down the stair make a b- iine for the couch . Jennifer enter just as quickly from the other direction , fiddling with she clothes . different angle . they hit the coffee table and reach for the remote control at exactly the same moment . both of they freeze then look up at each other in shock . jennifer ( stunne ) what be you do ? david what be you do ? neither one move . they clutch the remote together . jennifer David , cut it out . Mark Davis be gonna like be here in five minute . david well great . the pleasantville marathon start at six thirty . jennifer pleasantville marathon ? david ( almost reverently ) yeah . every episode ever . jennifer ( get hysterical ) omigod , I do not be-lieeeeve this ! he 's gonna like beeeee here ! david Weil great . you can watch tv upstairs . jennifer upstair ! up-staiiir ! there be not any stereo ! Jennifer get panicked and yank at the remote . David yank back and before they know it , the remote go fly out of they hand , crashing onto the hardwood floor . lot smashes into a million tiny piece . david ( breathless ) oh my God ... ( sink to he knee / scoop up the remain ) oh my God ... jennifer David , stop stress , you can like -- turn it on normally ... david no you can not , Jen ! it 's a new tv . it do not work without a remote . David cradle the piece like a fall comrade , when the doorbell ring behind he . jennifer oh my God ! he 's here ! Jennifer sweep some of the piece frantically under the sofa and try to adjust she outfit on the way to the door . David just stare in shock at the shattered plastic . Jennifer reach the front door and wet she lip . she fluff she hair quickly , stick out she chest then swing it open . different angle . front door . Jennifer step forward with she sexiest smile , but it be not Mark Davis on the other side . dick van dyke stand across the threshold in a tv repairman' outfit . Jennifer look at he puzzle . he step forward , flash she a chipper grin , toolbox in hand . dick van dyke tv repair . jennifer ( beat ) tv repair ? dick van dyke yeah . tv bust ? jennifer ( pause ... ) yeah ... dick van dyke ( smile wider ) well here I be . reverse angle . david' Pov . he glance out the front door toward a weird van park at the curb . it say tv repair on the side but look like something from a medicine show . the antenna on top resemble a weather vane and the mural beneath it depict a happy family from the 1950s , gather around they tv set . everyone wear a smile , include the dog . the hand - paint motto read " Rob 's tv repair -- we'll fix you for good . " int . live room . David look back at Dick Van dyke who smile at he , then cross to the live room stepping nimbly around the ottoman . he head toward the tv . dick van dyke ( see the smashed remote ) Holy cow . look at that . have a little disaster do not ya fella . david yeah ... sort of ... dick van dyke ( set down the toolbox ) we will get you fix up in no time . he pop the top of the tool box while Jennifer and David just stare . it 's a strange look box with the same happy family paint on the side . Dick Van dyke pull out another remote . dick van dyke ( cont ) I know how I would feel if mine go out . almost like lose a friend . david ( tentatively ) you know , we do not call any tv repair . dick van dyke well that make it a lucky day for both of we , hunh ? Jennifer shut the door and cross down toward the live room . jennifer you think you could do this like soon ? it 's almost six thirty . dick van dyke what 's the rush ? david ( cut she off ) the pleasantville marathon start at six thirty . at that moment there be a huge fork of lightning and a booming clap of thunder . it literally rattles the wall of the house as Dick Van dyke turn toward David . dick van dyke pleasantville ? David recoil slightly . Dick Van dyke flash he a smile . dick van dyke ( cont ) gosh , I love that show . watched it for year . jennifer that 's not the reason . I have get a date at six thirty . dick van dyke ( ignore she / lean closer to David ) hey -- who do muff in take to the masquerade ball when she date come down with the measle ? david ( stunne ) ... her father . dick van dyke right . and how do she dress he ? david ( still stare ) ... like Prince charm . dick van dyke ( study David / nodd ) Nice ... Nice ... jennifer um--hello ? I have get like a social emergency here . dick van dyke ( ignore she ) remember the one where Bud lose he cousin when he be s'pose to be watch he ? david yeah ... dick van dyke what department store do they go to ? david mcintire 's . dick van dyke mcginty 's . david no. mcintire 's . remember : ( sing ) " for the very best in man 's attire , head right down to mcintire 's . " dick van dyke ( stunne ) that 's right . he stare at David , speechless , for a moment , then smile fondly and reach beside he for he tool kit . dick van dyke ( cont ) say -- why do not you take this remote instead . it 's get a little more " ooomph " in it . david ooomph ? dick van dyke sure . Big beautiful set like this -- you want something that will put you right in the show . jennifer ( quickly ) we will take it . closer . he flash they a big smile and hold out a weird look contraption that seem more primitive than space age . it 's a strange combination of a early transistor radio and flash Gordon ray gun . Dick Van dyke extend it with pride , while Jennifer and David stare at he warily ... david ( beat ) how much do it cost ? dick van dyke oh --could not charge you for something like that . it 's free . jennifer free ? dick van dyke oh sure . Big fan like yourself . it 's the least I could do . there be a second clap of thunder even louder than the first . the house rattles for a moment then be quiet . dick van dyke ( cont ) well , I better get go . you show 's almost on , and ... ( smile at Jennifer ) it 's almost time for you date . he place the remote control gingerly on the coffee table and smile at they . Dick start across the live room when he suddenly catch he foot on the leg of the ottoman and tumble end over end . he roll on the carpet , execute a perfect somersault and come right back to a stand position . David and Jennifer stare at he stunne when he look back at they and smile . dick van dyke ( cont ) ( grin ) take care now . there be another flash of lightning as he reach for the doorknob . David and Jennifer look at one another while the front door shut with a thud . it 's quiet for a second or two before there be another clap of thunder . David cock he head . different angle . David glance down at the strange contraption sit on the coffee table . it look a little scary . slowly , very slowy , he reach down and touch it . nothing seem to happen so he pick it up . closer . David point the remote toward the tv set with a apprehensive look on he face . he wince a little , then push one of the button . different angle . the tv set turn on . Oprah 's face fill the screen as a angry housewife scream at a transvestite ! david hunh . it ail seem normal as he push another button . this time the channel change . david ( cont ) ( relax ) great . he continue to press the button , flipping through the channel . Jennifer see that everything be fine and reach for the remote . jennifer lemme see that . david no way . he continue to flip through the channel , come to rest on the pleasantville marathon . bud voice fill the room . bud ( os ) ( on tv ) gee whizz , Mary Sue -- why can not I borrow you transistor radio ? mary sue ( os ) ( on tv ) I promise Betty Jane she could use it over the weekend . full shot . tv set . " pleasantville " ( black and white ) Bud and Mary Sue clutch either end of a small transistor radio . they seem to be in the exact same position as David and Jennifer , who be struggle over the remote control . angle . david and jennifer . she tug the remote while David yank in the other direction . jennifer do you mind . this be like the most important moment of my whole life . david forget it Jen , I have wait a year for this . bud ( os ) ( on tv ) " but I tell Mr. Miller I would bring a transistor in to electric shop . " mary sue ( os ) ( on tv ) " and I tell Betty Jean she could have it for the picnic with Roy . " jennifer ( yanking at it ) God , David . just give it to I ! david ( yanking it back ) get lose ! jennifer you get lose ! wider . live room . she tug at the remote try to wrestle it out of he hand . David pull in the opposite direction as they point it directly toward the tv . different angle . special effect . a huge white light emanate from the contraption , like they own atomic blast wave . the entire room be fill with a blinding aura for a second or two , before it actually get suck into the tv . wide angle . live room . it be suddenly empty -- illuminate only by the soft glow of the picture tube . David and Jennifer be nowhere in sight . int . parker live room . ( pleasantville ) day . David and Jennifer be stand in the middle of the 1950 's live room , dress in Bud and Mary Sue 's clothing . they still clutch the remote control in the exact same position that be occupy by they fictional counterpart . David and Jennifer glance at one another , then look horrify around the room . the world have turned to black and white ... david ( a whisper ) oh my God . jennifer what happen ? david I be not sure . wider George parker ( Bud and Mary Sue 's father ) enter from the landing whistling a happy tune . he 's dress in a gray suit with a gray shirt , and a dark gray tie with little gray dot . GEORGE ( as if to he own child ) hi Sport , hi muffin ... better get a move on , you be gonna be late for school . he continue to cross through the live room whistling into the kitchen ... jennifer ( desperately ) what do you do ? david I do not know . jennifer ( examine she black and white skin ) uchh ! look at I ?! I be like so ... pasty ! he glance down at the remote control that sit lifeless in he hand . David frantically press the button but nothing happen . all at once , there be a voice behind they . voice ( os ) psst ! over here . different angle . they whirl around to see dick van dyke' face smile at they from the tv set in the comer . it 's a old ' 5as set with a big round picture tube . they run over to he as he smile . his face be the only color in the room . dick van dyke ( beam ) told you it be you lucky day . Bet you think I be just a fan or something . jennifer what happen ? dick van dyke a miracle . they stare stunne at the tv set . dick van dyke ( cont ) ... see , every time I think I would find someone they would turn out to disappoint I . they would know the early episode , but they would not know the later one ... they would know all about muffin but they would not know about Bud ... david ( to the tv set ) what the hell 's go on ! dick van dyke shh ! can not talk like that now . you be in ... ( smile ) you know ... David glance around at he black and white surroundings . his " mother 's " voice ring out from the kitchen . betty ( os ) bud. Mary Sue ... Breakfast be on the table . david we be in pleasantville ? dick van dyke ( grin ) dream come true , hunh ? jennifer ( panic ) this be not funny ! I happen to have a very important date in like five minute ! dick van dyke well , you do not have to worry about that anymore . full shot . television set . ( color ) all at once the scene on the tv change and Dick Van dyke 's picture give way to a wide angle shot of the wagner house . Mark Davis be stand at the front door , banging on the brass knocker . he check he watch , shift restlessly for a moment or two , then turn and head down the flagstone walk never look back . MARK davis ( under he breath ) ... bitch . int . parker live room . ( black and white again ) Jennifer fling herself at the screen , as Dick Van dyke appear all over again . jennifer noooooo ! david you -- you gotta get we out of here . dick van dyke ( recoil slightly ) why would I do that ? david because we do not belong ! dick van dyke oh sure you do ... " mcintire 's Department store " ... " they father dress as Prince charm . " that be gorgeous Bud . david my name 's David . jennifer ( wail on the floor ) oh GOD ... dick van dyke ( a little snippy ) you know -- this be a pretty strange way of show you appreciation . david look -- we appreciate it . we really do . we just -- we want to go home now . dick van dyke ( hurt ) but you do not know how long I have be look for someone like you . a long face slowly descend on he . dick van dyke ( cont ) I be very disappointed ... ( deep breath ) in fact ... I be start to get a little upset . David move toward the screen . david do not get upset . dick van dyke ( snap back ) Weil would not you ! you look for someone for year ... you pour you heart into it ... this be a privilege you know . ( shake he head ) I do not think I better talk about this right now . david where be you go ... dick van dyke I do not think we should discuss this until I be a little bit more compose . david wait a minute !! dick van dyke ( turn he back ) maybe in a day or so when I be not so emotional ... david come back !!! Dick Van dyke shake he head and walk out of the shot as the screen go completely black . it cut out entirely as Jennifer and David just stare . David grab the remote and start rapidly push button . nothing happen . david ( cont ) ( drop the gizmo ) oh God . jennifer what 's go to happen ? david I do not know ... it 's not possible ... ( look at she ) be it possible ? betty ( os ) bu-ud ... Mary Sue ... you breakfast be get cold . david it can not be possible . different angle . Betty ( they " mother " ) stick she head into the live room wear she black and white apron . she have a great big pepsodent smile . betty well , come on kid . you be not go off to school without a hot breakfast inside you ... they just stare at she . betty ( cont ) forward march . they exchange a strange little glance then slowly rise to they foot . Jennifer wait for David who force a smile then start toward the kitchen . betty ( cont ) I just love you in that sweater Mary - Sue . it 's so flatter . jennifer ( daze ) thanks . int . kitchen . David and Jennifer walk two step into the kitchen when they suddenly freeze - - agape at the spectacle in front of they : there Pov . parker kitchen . every breakfast food imaginable have be laid upon the table . there be hotcake and sausage and biscuit and egg . pitcher of orange juice be dwarf by the mountain of ham . the table literally sag under the weight of the food . George parker lower he morning paper and smile at he child . GEORGE ( once again ) Morning kid . better get a move on or you be go to be late for school . they nod , stunne , and wander forward into the room . Bright sunlight stream through the kitchen window as a gentle symphony of songbird sing outside . David and Jennifer stare straight ahead as they " mother " add some waffle to the heap . david ( under he breath ) I do not believe this . jennifer neither do I . GEORGE well , c'mon . dig in . David and Jennifer stare at she stunne as she put two heaping plate at they place . neither one move . betty ( to Jennifer ) I put blueberry in they just the way you like . jennifer actually -- I be not real ... hungry . betty ( big smile ) oh nonsense young lady . you be go to start you day with a nice big breakfast . she take Jennifer by the shoulder and " guide " she into the chair . Jennifer look down at a huge plate of gray waffles . betty ( cont ) ( oppressively chipper ) here . why do not you have some waffle cake . ( beat ) and there 's sausage and egg and some good crisp bacon ... ( beat ) ... and a ham steak . Betty drench the waffle in syrup and slather on a huge slab of butter . betty ( cont ) ... and of course , a nice big bowl of oatmeal . Jennifer hesitates then glance over at she " mother " who look at she expectantly . she glance at David who just look stunne . Jennifer pause then reach down and take a forkful of the ooze mess ... CUT to : full shot . PAT boone . he stand face the camera in a actual kinescope from 1958 . the backdrop be a paint pastoral landscape and the background singer be all white debutante . he wear a letterman 's sweater and button down shirt ... PAT boone " ... tooty fruity -- oh rooty . tooty fruity ... oh rooty . " he continue he homogenize version of Little Richard 's nasty hit , ( all the nastiness go ) . it become a slow and lilt melody ... PAT boone ( cont ) " ... tooty fruity -- oh rooty ... " series of shot . pleasantville . the music continue as the camera cut to image after image of this strange " utopia . " the effect be a weird , sanitizy version of MTV -- as if Ronald Reagan have shot a music video . there be man tipping they hat and woman walk they dog ; cheery gas station attendant and smile policeman . PAT boone ( vo ) ( slowly ... ) " ... a wap bop a loo bop - - a wap barn boom . " prune hedge . twin bed . big house . the camera crane down in the middle of a beautiful tree line street to find David and Jennifer walk up the sidewalk , hold they stomach . jennifer I be gonna hurl , David . I swear to God . david just take deep breath . jennifer all that animal fat . I feel it in my pore or something . Jennifer clutches she stomach , but David 's glance dart from side to side -- totally absorb . jennifer ( cont ) I still do not see why we be do this . david we be suppose to be in school . jennifer we be suppose to be at home David ! we be suppose to be in color ! ( wail ) oh God ... a man call out from across the street . mr. simpson hello Bud . david hello Mr. Simpson . mr. simpson hear you dad get a new car . david oh yeah . a buick . it 's swell . jennifer you know he ? david own the hardware store . jennifer okay , now you listen to I ! I do not know what 's go on but you would better fix it ! I have a date with Mark Davis and I even buy new underwear ! david we just gotta play along for a little while ... till that guy show up again . then I will talk to he and ... jennifer play along ? david well , yeah . I be ... Bud parker and you be ... um -- Mary Sue . jennifer ( rip the barette from she hair ) no ! I be not gonna do it ! if I do not dress like this for Mom I be sure as hell not go to do it for you ! david we do not have a choice Jen . we be stick until he come back . jennifer why can not we just explain it ? david to who ? Jen look around this cheery little street , and the horror start to dawn on she . at that moment , they hear a scream siren and a bright gray FIRE engine come racing up the block . wider . Jennifer and David step back on the curb as the firemen come fly out of the truck , grab the ladder on the back . different angle . ( following the firemen ) they work in perfect precision . two firemen grab the base of the ladder while a third take the front . they go tear across one of the lawn , in full " emergency response " anchore the ladder into the ground and wing it up into a tree . fireman c'mere , kitty ... he emerge a moment later with the cat who be stick in the tree . Jennifer sink to the curb as he carry the kitten by they , petting it gently as he go . jennifer oh God , we be . we be stick in like " nerdville " . ( shake she head ) I always know you would pay a price for this . I know you could not be hopelessly geekrid for this long without suffer some like , really tragic consequence . ( voice waver ) ... but it 's just not fair . I mean -- I be start to get really -- popular . debbi Russell transfer to another school and my skin 's be great since March and Mark Davis be start to come around and ... boy' voice ( os ) hello Mary Sue . Jennifer turn to see a strapping blonde seventeen year old drive by in he convertible . he be extremely handsome with Jack armstrong feature and a letterman 's sweater . despite she crisis , Jennifer 's jaw drop open as he slow to a crawl . biff Martin flash a huge pepsodent smile . the guy be a " dreamboat " . biff ( cont ) what 's all the commotion ? where 's the cat ? jennifer um ... it 's ... biff turn to see the fireman climb into the truck , with the kitty in he arm . biff ah , right ... ( smile at she again ) well -- guess I will see ya later Mary Sue . he take off down the street with the sun glint on he really keen convertible . Jennifer gape as he disappear around the corner . jennifer who 's that ? david biff Martin . Captain of the basketball team . jennifer ( still gape ) do he -- you know - - like " I " ? david as a matter of fact he do . jennifer ( flick she hair ) hunh . CUT to : ext . pleasantville high school . day . stream of impeccably keep youngster file through the double door . all cheery and very pleasant look . it look like a leni riefenstahl movie . angle . from across the STREET . David stand beside Jennifer look at the entrance to the school . Three girl huddle together by the front step . jennifer that be my friend . david Peggy Jane , Lisa Anne and Betty Jean . jennifer ( stare at they ) can we do any better ? david I do not think so . lisa anne ( see she ) Mary Sue . you be gonna be late for geography . jennifer okay ... she flick she hair back -- cop a first day of school attitude , and head across the street like she own the place . CUT to : int . geography CLASS . later ... it look like a propaganda film from the eisenhower administration . the boy all wear crew cut and short sleeve button down shirt . the girl all have lacy dress buttone to the neck . everyone stare straight ahead at the blackboard . angle . front of the room . teacher . miss Peters stand in front of the class with a pointer in she hand . she indicate a diagram that span the length of the blackboard . miss peter last week class , we discuss the geography of Main Street . this week , we be go to be talk about elm Street . can anyone tell I one of the difference between elm Street and Main Street ? ( point ) Tommy . tommy it 's not as long ? Jennifer look stunne as several student nod . miss peter that 's right , Tommy . it 's not as long . also , it only have house . so the geography of Main Street be different than the geography of elm Street . angle . jennifer . she glance around at several student who seem to be nodd in agreement . all at once , she thrust she hand into the air . miss peter Mary Sue . jennifer what 's outside of pleasantville ? the teacher look at she with a puzzle freeze smile on she face . she look vaguely troubled . miss peter what ? ( beat ) I do not understand ... jennifer outside of pleasantville ... what 's at the end of Main Street ? the class let out a know groan - - as if to say " oh . we get it now . Boy what a stupid question . " miss Peters give a kind but condescending look . miss peter oh , Mary Sue . you should know the answer to that . the end of Main Street be just the beginning again . miss Peters give a big grin as a series of head nod up and down . Jennifer stare straight ahead , dumbfounded ... CUT to : int . gymnasium . day . there be fifteen to twenty boy scattered around the gym . each be dress identically in white short and black sock with a " pleasantville " jersey . shot . david . he stand at the free throw line with a basketball in he hand . ( not exactly a athletic image . ) David let go of a jump shot that swishes effortlessly through the net . he look a little surprised . david wow . he stare at the backboard slightly intrigue . David retrieve the ball and fire again , this time chuck it up blind . the ball sail through the hoop again , hitting nothing but net . full shot . other side of the gym . ten to twelve of he teammate fire simultaneously at the hoop . all of the shot sail through the hoop , none even nicking the rim . the boy retrieve they shot as the coach clap he hand . coach that 's it man . keep it up . Big game tomorrow . angle . david . he get the ball and turn he back on the basket completely . David fling the ball wildly over he shoulder . it bounce off all the wall of the gym , then glide through the net as smoothly as the other . he stare in amazement . biff ( os ) Bud ... wider . biff Martin ( the boy in the convertible ) approach from the other side of the gym . he be a classic all american hero - - somewhere between 4 - h club member and a future astronaut . biff ( a little nervous ) hi ya Bud . bud hi ya biff . he fidget nervously for a moment look down . biff can I ask you a question ? bud sure . biff well ... if I be to ask you sister ... what I mean be , if I be to go up to Mary Sue ... david oh God ! be we in that episode ? biff what ? david I do not believe it . biff what 's the matter ? david you want to ask she out tonight , right ? and then you want to give she you school pin ... biff yeah ... how would you know ? david ( shaking he head ) lucky guess . ( beat ) look , biff ... I do not think it 's a real good time for that right now ... biff 's expression fall . he stand crush in front of David . david ( cont ) what I mean be ... Mary Sue 's be a little " different " lately ... biff ( stunne ) she will not go out with I ? david I do not say that . it 's just that right now ... biff I do not know what I would do if she would not go out with I ... all at once , biff take the basketball he 's be hold and hurl it toward the hoop . the ball do a couple of revolution of the rim , and then amazingly pop out . wide angle . gym . play come to a halt . all the player turn and stare , dumbstruck at the sight of a missed shot . shot . david . he retrieve the ball quickly then hurry back to biff . David pull he aside as play slowly resume on the other side of the gym . david ( under he breath ) look , I be sure we will work something out . I will talk to she or something . biff look at he , troubled . david ( cont ) honest . it will be fine . biff nod , a little confuse , as David pat he on the back . CUT to : int . corridor . later ... David stand off to the side with he sister , while class pour out around they . jennifer no way . david one date , Jen -- that 's all I be ask . if you do not go out with this guy we could throw they whole universe out of whack . jennifer it 's too weird David . this place be give I the creep . do you know all the book be blank ? david what ? jennifer I look in the library . they get cover with nothing inside they . david what be you do in a library ? jennifer I get lose . ( beat ) oh here ... look at this ! she reach into she purse and pull out a book of match . Jennifer try to light a kleenex on fire . david jennifer ! jennifer just watch . you know why that guy just get cat out of tree ? ' Cause nothing burn around here , that 's why ! they do not need any firemen ... sure enough the tissue have become flame retardant . david Jen , listen ... jennifer ( tremble ) I like -- really need a cigarette , too . david ( put he arm around she ) I will get we out of here . I really will . but if we do not play along we could alter they whole existence . we may never get home . she look over at he , slowly . jennifer you really think anybody 's gonna , like , notice if I do not have a chocolate malt with this guy . at that moment , three of Mary Sue 's " friend " come tittering around the comer . they skitter up to she like a group of wind - up toy . peggy jane ( high -pitch - - rapid fire ) you will not believe what we just hear . lisa anne biff Martin 's go to ask you out . betty jean and that 's not all ... peggy jane no , that 's not all ... all three together he 's go to give you he pin ! they explode in a torrent of titter all over again . Jennifer look over at David . ext . parker house . dusk . a lone streetlamp glow in the foreground . Jennifer 's voice play os . jennifer you sure I be suppose to wear this ? int . mary sue' room . Jennifer emerge from the closet in a mohair sweater and a poodle skirt . under the sweater she wear a 1950 's " bullet bra " that turn she breast into lethal weapon . jennifer ( look in the mirror ) I could like kill a guy with this thing . david it 's in you closet . jennifer ( examine she profile ) I have wear some kinky stuff before ... david he will not notice anyway . jennifer what do you mean ? david they do not notice that kind of thing . jennifer so what 's the point ? david Jen please ... jennifer he-llo ? I have get like three pound of underwire here ... david just go with the program -- hunh ? I be late for work . CUT to : ext . soda shop . dusk . the flash neon ice cream cone look good enough to drink . underneath it , the swirl script spell " soda shop " . johnny mathis drift out into the evening air ... closer . David come sprinting up to the screen door and pause to get he breath . he adjust a little soda jerk 's hat , then plunge inside . int . soda shop . Mr. Johnson , the owner and proprietor be wiping down the counter . he be a " pleasant " look man , in he early forty wear a white apron and black glass . the strain of " misty " get louder as Bud let the screen door slam behind he . mr. johnson ( look up ) Bud ? david sorry ... I have to help my folk and then I could not find my hat ... mr. johnson oh. he stop wiping for a moment , hold the towel in he hand . mr. johnson ( cont ) I do not know what to do . he stare at the rag a little troubled . david what 's wrong ? mr. johnson well -- I always wipe down the counter and then you set out the napkin and glass and then I make the french fries ... david ( confuse ) yeah ... mr. johnson but you do not come so I keep on wiping . he look down at the towel clearly disturb . David pause for a moment then start toward he . david I be sorry . he cross to Mr. Johnson who have polished one section of the counter right down to the wood . David take the towel out of he hand and fold it neatly in front of he . david ( cont ) ( gently ) you know , if this ever happen again , you can make the fries even if I have not put out the napkin yet . mr. johnson I be so glad you be here . david I understand . ext . parker house . night . biff 's convertible roll up to the curb with Pat boone play on the radio . he run a comb through he short blonde hair before grab the bouquet of flower next to he and head up the walk . biff ring the doorbell and , a moment later , Jennifer 's silhouette appear in the doorway ... biff oh. Mary Sue ... ext . soda shop . night . the place be really hopping now . all the spot in the parking lot be fill with vintage " jalopy " and several patron be stream through the door . the same johnny mathis song be still playing on the juke box , and the neon ice cream soda sign blink against the sky . int . soda shop . David be trap behind the counter , furiously work to keep up with the load . several clean cut teenager pepper he with order while he yank at the pump and spiggot . it 's clear he be not use to this . david ( frazzle ) peppermint shake , chocolate soda , two order of fries and a split ? teen age girl peppermint soda , two chocolate shake , order of fries , and we will split it . David nod quickly , wiping some sweat from he brow . he scoops some ice cream into the metal blender as Mr. Johnson come up beside he . mr. johnson there be not any cheeseburger . david ( turn ) what ? mr. johnson well , usually I put out the burger and then you finish with the lettuce ... david listen to I ! Mr. Johnson recoil slightly . david ( cont ) do you have the lettuce ? mr. johnson ... yeah . david have you cook the burger ? mr. johnson ( quieter ) yes . david well you can just put on the lettuce , finish the burger and pretend it be I do it all along . Mr. Johnson stare at he . david ( cont ) really . it 's fine . different angle . soda shop entrance . the screen door swing open and be hold there by the end of a letterman 's sweater . a moment later , Jennifer sashays through , parade she new Jane Russell profile . her " girlfriend " titter from the comer as biff rush up to a table , and pull out a chair . she sashays into it , brush against he as she go . angle . david . he stare motionless at the spectacle -- concerned and apprehensive . David hold a hot fudge sundae under the soda spiggot and jerk back on the lever blow ice cream all over he chest . full shot . table . biff stare across the table at Jennifer with the wholesome devotion of a labrador retriever . he look like a cross between Troy donahue and a mannequin . biff ( haltingly ) I sure be glad you say you would come out with I tonight Mary Sue . jennifer ( full blow " Mary Sue " ) well " gee whizz " biff . I sure be glad you ask I . he guffaw for a moment or two before speak again . biff I do not know if I ever say this to you before , but , well ... I think you be just about the keenest girl in the whole school ... jennifer really biff ? the keenest ? biff oh yeah . jennifer ( all sarcasm ) gosh . I hardly know what to say . david ( os ) what can I get you two ? wider . he stand at they table hold a little white pad of paper and a pencil . Jennifer look up at she brother and almost burst out laugh . he wear he soda jerk hat at a jaunty angle with large white apron tie around he neck . biff oh , I dunno Bud . guess I will have my usual cheeseburger and a cherry coke . more goony laugh . David turn to Jennifer who put on the same dopey countenance . jennifer oh , I dunno Bud . guess I will just have a salad and a evian Water . he shoot she a dirty look . Jennifer just smile at he . jennifer ( cont ) cheeseburger it be . angle . following david . he glower at she all the way back to the counter . David post the order in the little carousel clip board , keep a eye on the table the entire time ... resume . table . biff gaze across the table at Jennifer with a ador look on he face . his hand be properly fold in front of he . she 's still try to do she best " Mary Sue . " biff see the whole time we be in civic together , I really want to sit next to you -- but you be always sit between Peggy Jane and Lisa Anne . there be some tittering behind she . Jennifer do not respond . biff ( cont ) ... and you always seem so smart and everything . like that report you do on " we town Hall . " gosh . I do not know what I would talk to you about . jennifer well , sometimes talk 's over-rated . do not you think ? biff hunh ? ( goony laugh ) oh , right ... he still do not understand . biff guffaw for a moment or two then glance down at the table top . there be a momentary break in the Music as johnny mathis ' " misty " start up all over again . it 's enough to make you shoot yourself . biff ( cont ) so I know I have not be steady with anybody , but I just do not want to rush it . you do not want to make a mistake with something that important . jennifer oh , gosh no . biff I mean , there 's kid that be even hold hand already but I figure there 's plenty of time for that kind of thing later on . do not you ? jennifer oh you bet. ( beat ) will you excuse I for a sec ? Jennifer get up in a daze and head toward the bathroom . angle . david . he freeze behind the counter and watch as he sister practically stumble through the bathroom door . int . bathroom . of course there be not any toilet . Jennifer grope she way to the sink and lean against the counter . jennifer Jesus chirist ... she turn and sit against the sink for a moment with a dumbstruck look on she face . Jennifer shake she head for a moment or two , when the door to the bathroom burst open . girl voice ( overlap ) " do he give it to you ... do he give it to you ... I bet he give it to she ... do he give it to you ? " jennifer ( straight ahead ) I do not think he know how . they titter away , even though they do not get it either . it sound like a aviary . lisa anne I bet he 's gonna take she to lover 's Lane . peggy jane I bet he be . I bet he be . betty jean I bet he 's even gonna hold she hand ! they titter some more as Jennifer shake she head . int . soda shop . David be stand beside they table as she retum from the bathroom . david ( chipper ) couple of cheeseburger and two cherry coke . ( pointedly ) if you need anything , I will be right over there . jennifer ( Mary Sue ) gee whiz " Bud " , what could we possibly need when we have each other ? she flash he a " sweet " smile then reach out and touch biff hand . both boy jump slightly as Jennifer give she brother a venomous grin then suddenly wave " bye bye . " David just stare at she panicked as he move haltingly back to the soda fountain . biff ( befuddle ) anyhow ... I really want to come over and sit next to you in civic but ... jennifer you want to get out of here ? biff what ? jennifer you wanna get out of here ? you wanna leave ? biff ( confuse ) but where would we go ? jennifer ( shrugging ) ... lover 's Lane . biff ( swallow ) lover 's Lane ! there be a audible gasp from the booth behind they . Jennifer ignore it . jennifer yeah . lover 's Lane . you up for it ? close up . biff . he just stare at she with he mouth open ... wider . Jennifer reach forward grab he hand . jennifer c'mon . let 's go . full shot . soda fountain . David be in the middle of make a hot fudge sundae when he see Jennifer lead biff by the hand into the parking lot . everyone at the counter be enjoy they dessert , when David let out a blood curdle scream . david noooooo ! he vault over the counter make a bee-line for the door . everyone turn and stare as he race toward the entrance ... ext . soda shop . biff 's car be just pull onto the street when David sprint into the parking lot . he take off after the car , sprinting down the street . david you can't do this jennifer ! he doesn't exist ! you can't do this to someone who doesn't exist ! the tail light recede in the distance as David slow to a jog and then finally a walk . he pause , wind , in the street , then look up toward Heaven with a piss off look on he face . david ( cont ) ( to God ) thanks a lot . CUT to : ext . lover' lane . night . it be a beautiful tree -line pond with a lush willow tree in the foreground . the moonlight glisten silver across the water . several car be park in a row with they occupant holding hand . biff 's convertible be park at the end . shot . biff car . he sit stiffly at the wheel stare straight ahead . Jennifer be drape languidly across the seat beside he , make the most of she mohair sweater . she stare at biff in a not -so- pleasantville - kind - of - way . he glance over at she and swallow . biff sure be pretty . jennifer ( stare at he ) oh yeah ... gorgeous . biff to be honest Mary Sue . I do not think you would want to come here until we would be pin for a little while . jennifer oh , biff . you can " pin " I any time you want to . she lean back a liftle more , drape she arm across the top of the seat . her tit point toward the sky . jennifer ( cont ) ( breathy ) or maybe I should just " pin " you . he look over at she a little confuse , then break into he goony laugh . biff oh , that 's silly Mary Sue . how could you possibly pin I ? close up . biff . he be still guffaw when he look over at Jennifer and suddenly freeze . biff 's eye widen ... CUT to : ext . parker house . night . David come sprinting up to the porch , then double over catch he breath . he cling onto the porch swing when the door open behind he . betty Bud ? wider . his " mother " and " father " come out onto the porch . David catch he breath then force a smile . GEORGE Son , what 's wrong ? david have you see Mary Sue ? betty why no . she 's still on she date with biff ... be something the matter ? david ( still panting a little ) no , I ... I be just ... worried about she . his mother and father exchange a " know " look . George rest a hand on he shoulder . GEORGE ( oppressively paternal ) Bud , you sister 's a little older now and she 's naturally go to start go out with boy . ( beat ) ... in fact pretty soon -- she 's even go to get marry and make someone a good little home - maker like you mother here . ( smile at Betty / inside joke ) that 's if she can learn to bake . betty oh , George ... GEORGE but you sister be a fine young woman and she would never do anything for we to be concerned about . CUT to : ext . lover' lane . night . the low gutteral moan of two coupling animal drift out over the evening air . it be raw and primitive and desperate . the camera begin to track behind all the other car -- they occupant primly hold hand in a tender sillouhette . it finally come to rest on a convertible at the end , with a girl 's leg stick out the window . closer . a letterman 's sweater hang over the door . the windshield be completely fogge . Jennifer 's sweater be drape over the backseat . the car be rock . int . car . they be clench in a mad embrace : all arm and hair . biff pull back for a moment , gasping for air . his face be cover with lipstick and there be a crazy look in he eye . he 's stick somewhere between passion and fear as he cling desperately to the steering wheel . biff ( some terror ) I think I better go home now Mary Sue ... she hold onto he shirt as she knee rub the dashboard . jennifer ( breathless ) ... why ? biff ( more terror ) I think ... I might be ill ... he glance down at he lap a little confuse . biff ( cont ) ( a whisper ) I think something 's happen to I . he look at he crotch then back at Jennifer . she reach up and grab a handful of he hair . jennifer it 's s'pose to happen , biff . biff it be ? jennifer trust I ... he look at she completely confuse as she pull back down , and out of frame ... CUT to : ext . parker house . night . a single light be burn in the kitchen window . betty ( os ) do you want some more cookie ? int . kitchen . David be at the kitchen table with a nauseate look on he face . there be three empty bottle of milk and cookie crumb all over the table . david ( sick ) oh no ... I be fine . betty how ' bout some marshmallow Rice square ? david I be fine . there be a knock behind they at the door . David spring up . betty now who could that be . following david . he cross into the foyer ahead of he " parent . " David swing open the door revealing Mr. Johnson , stand on the porch . david oh hi ! mr. johnson hi there . you take off so quick . I be not sure if you be okay . david oh , yeah . sorry . I be fine . I just ... have to get home early . Mr. Johnson lean in closer and speak in a confidential tone of voice . mr. johnson Bud ... david yeah ... mr. johnson ( sotto ) you know how when we close up , I close the register , then you lower the shade , then I turn out the light , then we both lock the door . david yeah ... mr. johnson ( proud ) well you be not around this time so I do the whole thing myself . closer . Mr. Johnson have a strange look of " manly pride " on he face . his shoulder square back . his chest puff out a little . there be a sudden sparkle in he eye . mr. johnson ( more confidential ) not only that , I do not even do it in the same order . first I lower the shade , then I close the register . he look at David with pride then suddenly shift he glance behind he . mr. johnson ( cont ) oh , hello Betty . betty hello Bill . neither one say anything but neither one have to . David look on in horror as he mother lock eye with Mr. Johnson and he new find virility . david ( quickly ) well , look , thanks for come by . I ... really appreciate it . he turn and start hustling he down the walk just as biff 's convertible pull up at the curb . int . car . close up . jennifer . she look sweetly over at the driver 's side of the car ( out of frame ) . jennifer well gee thanks biff . I have a really wonderful time . angle . biff . other side of car . he sit behind the wheel with a totally daze look on he face . biff stare stunne at Jennifer , like he just get hit with a couple of thousand volt . biff ... I too . she lean over and kiss he on the cheek ... then she bite he ear lobe , gently , and flash he a big smile . biff smile back . ext . car . she climb out and shut the door . Jennifer nod to Mr. Johnson as she head up the walk . jennifer ( sweetly ) hello Mr. Johnson . mr. johnson oh , hello Mary Sue . she be wear a big smile by the time she reach the porch . David grab she arm . david ( urgent whisper ) what do you do to he ? jennifer ( innocently ) nothing . she start up the staircase . David follow she and the camera follow they both . david what do you mean " nothing ? " that 's not nothing . that 's ... she reach the top of the stair and turn to he . jennifer relax " Bud . " we have a really nice time . ( mock yawn ) ... now I be really tired and we gotta get up early for school in the morning so ... she flash she brother a evil grin . jennifer ( cont ) ' night . she shut the door softly in he face . David stair at the gray wood in front of he . ext . elm STREET . night . biff pull up at a intersection with the same daze look in he eye . the car rumble at the stoplight for a moment or two , before he glance over to he right . close up . biff . the stunne look turn to one of sheer amazement : biff Pov . rose . there , against a gray picket fence , on a black and white street in a black and white neighborhood , a single red rose be blooming . CUT to : aerial shot . pleasantville . morning it would be a stun vista if it be not in black and white . the church steeple gleam in the sunlight . the perfect little house look like a row of pretty toy ... int . parker live room . day . David sit park in front of the tv furtively turn through the channel . he flip the dial frantically . no sign of Dick Van dyke . betty ( os ) Bud . it 's 7:30 in the morning . be you watch television ? he give she a sheepish grin and sigh ... CUT to : int . school gym . day . it be the same configuration as earlier . everyone wear they pleasantville " lion " jersey , white sneaker and black sock . David enter the gym a little groggy . he have not have much sleep . closer . he look up and stop . David cock he head to the side , stare across the gym . he Pov . biff and other boy . they be huddle at the far end , each hold a basketball under he arm . biff be in the center of the group , animatedly describe something that be hold they rapt attention . wider angle . including david . david ( quietly ) oh no ... biff continue he story while they stare at he with they mouth open . the coach blow he whistle . coach come on man . let 's go . Big game next week . the huddle break up as the basketball player all wander toward the hoop . ten shot go up at once but not one come even close . several clang off the rim , a couple hit the edge of the backboard . one slam into the side of the gym . everyone stare in disbelief . david oh my God ... CUT to : int . school corridor . day . David stand face to face with he sister in mid conversation . david you can not do this , Jennifer . I warned you . jennifer so what 's the big deal . oh. okay . they be like not good at basketball anymore . like --omigod , what a tragedy . david you do not understand . you be mess with they universe . jennifer well maybe it need to be mess with . do that ever like -- occur to you ? ( beat ) you know , they do not want to be like this , it 's just that nobody ever help they before . peggy jane ( walk past ) " ms " . how you doin ' ? jennifer kewl " pj " . how you doin ' ? peggy jane ( relishing she new word ) " kewl . " Jennifer smile at she friend as she go by . david you have no right to do this . jennifer well if I do not who will ? david they be happy like this . jennifer David , nobody 's happy in a poodle skirt and a sweater set . ( pause ... ) you like all this do not you ? David recoil slightly . jennifer ( cont ) I mean , you do not think it 's just like dorky or funny or something ... you really like it . ( shudder ) oh God ! I be just so personally horrify right now ... david I just do not think we have the right to ... jennifer David , let I tell you something . this people do not want to be geek . they want to be " attractive . " they have get a lot of potential , they just do not know any better . david they do not have that kind of potential . jennifer um--hello ? you want to like take a look ? Jennifer motion behind she to a boy and girt who be lock in a intimate conversation . the girl wear bobby sock and the boy wear a letterman 's sweater , but the conversation be sexually charge . they speak to one another in a close whisper -- they face inch apart . all at once the girt get shy and glance away . she blow a big bubble with she gum , but the bubble be bright pink in a otherwise gray frame . boy wow . what kind of gum be that ? close . david and jennifer . he look over in shock as she suck the brightly colored bubble gum back into she mouth . Jennifer flick she hair . jennifer I gotta go . I be meeting biff at the flagpole . ext . lover' lane . night . it be the exact same shot as before : the camera start its long slow track behind the vehicle , except this time all of they be rocking . various limb and article of clothing hang out the open window . moan of pleasure waft out over lover 's Lane as the pond glisten in the distance ... CUT to : int . doctor' office . day . it be a typical ' 5as family practice right out of norman rockwell . there be a jar of tongue depressor on the counter and a jar of lollipop beside they . Lisa Anne ( Mary Sue 's best friend ) be be examine by Dr. Henderson . her mother sit at she side . dr . henderson let I see it again . Lisa Anne open she mouth and stick out a bright red tongue . everything else in the frame be Black and White , but she tongue literally gleam with color . dr . henderson ( cont ) ( examine it ) well ... I do not think it 's anything to worry about ... it will probably just clear up by itself . ( to Lisa Anne ) cut down on greasy food and chocolate . no french fries , that kind of thing . ( aside / to the mother ) it 's just a " teenage " thing . ext . lover' lane . night . it be really rock now . more car be line up along the edge of the lake as the real ( and nasty ) version of tooty fruity ( by little richard ) plays os : lil richard ( vo ) " ... get a gal -- she name be Sue . she know just what to do ... " series of shot . ( montage ) parker live room . tooty fruity continue as david flip frantically through the channel looking for dick van dyke . there be only a pepsodent commercial . he shake he head ... int . high school gym ( music cont ... ) the pleasantville lion lose a game late in the second half . the scoreboard read 84 to 16 ... int . parker live room . ( music cont ... ) David examine the back of the tv set ... int . furniture store . ( music cont ... ) a large group of customer be huddle in a circle , stare at a item on the display floor , like it be the monolith in " 2001 " . they seem both confuse and absolutely mesmerize as the camera push in to reveal : a double bed ... int . parker live room . ( music cont ... ) David sit on the floor with a weird look of resignation as a brillcream commercial play in front of he ... lil richard ( os ) " ... a wop bop a loo bop - - a wop bam boom ! " soda shop . night . on david . he head toward work with he apron and he paper hat , but he 's clearly disconcert . David stop and stare at a bright red hot rod park at the front door of the restaurant . he shake he head . soda shop . the place have be transformed . what be cheery and benign a couple of day before , have get a little bit dangerous . the letterman sweater have be replace by leather jacket . the Pat boone and johnny mathis have give way to real rock and Roll . there be a James Dean / marlon brando edge in the air . somebody have play the flip side . angle . david . he enter the soda shop adjust he paper hat . a young couple make out passionately in the doorway -- all tongue and hand . when they break David see that the girl 's cheek be flushed with red . he stare at she for a beat as they return to normal . David shake he head . following he . he cross to the counter and grab he pencil and little pad of paper . various thing have already gone to color around the room : the juke BOX ... the coke sign .. the naugahide stool ... David cross to one of the booth where he sister 's arm be drape over biff 's shoulder . david what will it be ? biff ( still chipper as ever ) gee whizz , Bud . guess I will just have the usual . cheeseburger and a cherry coke . Bud have already write it down . he glance over at he sister . jennifer I too . sound swell . david ( point ) really ? it seem so fatten . before she can answer he smile to himself and cross behind the counter . Bud post the order and turn to Mr. Johnson . david ( cont ) two cheeseburger , two cherry coke . mr. johnson ( stare straight ahead ) there be not any cheeseburger . david ( exasperate ) look . I think we talk about this , I think we say ... mr. johnson oh -- what 's the point , Bud ? closer . Mr. Johnson . look up at he with a weird kind of emptiness in he eye . David grab he arm . david c'mere . he pull he along the counter toward a little office storeroom in the back . he yank he inside and shut the door . int . storeroom . it be just as cheery as the rest of the place . there be a small table with a telephone on it . a texaco calendar show a happy family motor in they rambler . david what do you say ? Mr. Johnson glance down with a little shame and confusion . mr. johnson well ... I be not sure I see the point anymore . david what be you talk about ! you make hamburger ! that be the point ! mr. johnson no I know ... I know I do ... ( he pause , then look up ) but it 's always the same , you know ? Grill the bun , flip the meat , melt the cheese ... it never change . it never get any better or worse ... david just listen to I ... mr. johnson ( not hearing he ) ... like the other night , when I close up by myself . that be different ... david forget about that ! mr. johnson oh ... okay. ( beat / lower ) ... but I really like it . Bud take a deep breath . he stare at Mr. Johnson , then try to speak softly . david look , you can not always like what you do . sometimes you just do it because it 's you job . and even if you do not like it , you just gotta do it anyway . mr. johnson why ? david ( exasperate ) so they can have they hamburger ! this sound stupid even to David . he shake he head . mr. johnson ( like a secret ) you know what I really like ? david ( warily ) ... what 's that ? mr. johnson christmastime . David roll he eye . Mr. Johnson lean closer , speak furtively . mr. johnson ( cont ) see every year on Dec 3 , I get to paint the Christmas decoration in the window . and every year , I get to paint a different thing ... ( beat ) one year it 's the North pole . the next I do Santa 's workshop . here I will show you . he pull a photo album from the back of the desk and open it for David . david ( impressed ) wow ... that 's pretty good ... mr. johnson thanks . ( continue ) but this morning I be think about it and I realize that I look forward to it all year . and then I think " gee . that seem awfully silly . that seem like a awfully long time to be wait for just one moment , do not you think ? " David look at he speechless . mr. johnson ( cont ) well do not you ? david I think you should try not to think about this anymore . mr. johnson really ? david yeah . mr. johnson oh. okay . I will try that then . CUT to : int . barbershop . day the barber pole spin in three shade of gray . several man be gather around the two chair in the front of Gus ' shop . besides be the barbershop , it be the bastion of all male life in pleasantville . Bud and Mary Sue 's " father " ( George ) sit in one of the chair . " Big Bob " mcgee , owner of the drugstore , supermarket and chevy dealership sit in the other . he have a crew cut that 's get short . gus have they ever lose before ? GEORGE basketball ? no they sure have not . bob just feel " wrong " , that 's all . there be several murmur . third patron maybe that 's where they get that say , " can not win them all . " gus yeah . that 's a good point , Ralph . they do have that say . bob but they do win them all , Gus . they have always win them all . gus well , yeah . that 's true too . more murmur , everyone look straight ahead try to figure . CUT to : int . parker kitchen . day . the woman 's bridge club have assemble in the parker kitchen like it do every Wednesday afternoon . four woman be seat around the kitchen table with a nice bowl of bridge mix between they . Betty be sifting next to marge Jenkins , the woman who accompany she daughter to the doctor 's office . marge ( deal the card ) ... he say it would clear up on its own if she just stay away from fry food and sweet ... betty well that make sense . marge except it 's spread to she lip now too . oh , I do not know . mary ( a third woman ) and you say it 's just " red ? " marge well -- like red , only ... " redder . " mary hunh . I know what you mean . that 's like the front of Bill Johnson 's shop . I be go by it the other day and it look green only " greener . " shot . betty . she look up quickly -- then grab some bridge mix . marge ( lowering she voice ) have you see he lately ? the man do not look like himself . I be get my sewing machine fix across the street and he be sit in the window of he shop just stare . be not look at anything in particular -- just stare off into space . mary that be strange . Betty reach out and grab she card . she fan they out in front of she , when she eye go wide . her Pov . bridge hand . they be all heart and all bright red . it look like a fistfful of valentine . close up . betty . she put the card down quickly and take a sudden breath . Betty keep they like that for a moment or two , before lift they up and take another look . marge Betty , it 's you bid . she swallow try to keep she composure . betty uh ... Seven heart . they murmur at the strength of the hand . CUT to : ext . parker house . night . the SOUND of the television play os while a warm light burn in the window . int . kitchen . Jennifer and Betty stand at the sink finish the dish . Betty wash while Jennifer dry and it 's clear who 's more use to this . Jennifer examine a chip nail as she place a dish in the drying rack . betty Mary Sue ? jennifer yeah ? Betty hesitates . rinse out a pot . betty can I ask you a question ? jennifer sure . she pause for a long moment . betty what go on up at lover 's Lane ? jennifer ( turn toward she ) what do you mean ? betty well , you hear all this thing lately . you know -- kid spend so much time up there ... ( she look over ) be it hold hand ? that kind of thing ? jennifer yeah ... ( beat ) that -- and ... she stop herself . betty what ? jennifer it do not matter . betty no . I want to know . jennifer ( glance toward the live room / lower she voice ) ... sex . betty ah. Betty nod from the import of the tone but not the meaning . a beat go by ... betty ( cont ) what 's sex ? Jennifer look over at she stunne , but Betty just look at she with a blank , curious expression . Jennifer hesitates . jennifer you sure you want to know this ? betty yes . jennifer okay . she cross to the kitchen door and close it . the sound of the tv in the live room disappear . Jennifer cross back to the kitchen counter and turn to she . jennifer ( cont ) you see Mom ... ( softer and with understanding ) when two people like each other very much ... Betty look at she and nod ... dissolve to : ext . parker house . night . the tv keep flicker in the window . int . kitchen . later ... the camera pan across the kitchen table where there be a full quart of milk and some uneaten co6ky . it finally come to rest on Jennifer who be stare across the kitchen table with a concerned look on she face . jennifer you okay ? reverse angle . betty . she nod -- shake but " fine . " Betty stare long and hard at the plate of chocolate chip cookie . she 's far away . betty yes ... ( softly ) it 's just that ... jennifer ( gently ) what ? betty well ... ( look up ) ... you father would never do anything like that . shot . jennifer . she bite she lip weigh she next sentence ... jennifer ( lean forward ) oh. hmm ... ( whisper / woman to woman ) well , Mom ... there 's way to " enjoy " yourself without dad . angle . betty . she look across the table , perplex . CUT to : int . parker bedroom . night . George cross from the dresser to the two twin beds in the middle of the room . he wear long sleeve pajamas that be buttone up to the neck . George put he glass of warm milk on the nightstand and climb in he own single bed . it be barely wide enough for he body and take some maneuver . GEORGE sweetie ? you come to bed ? there be no answer . GEORGE ( cont ) Betty ? int . bathroom . she stand in she bathrobe stare down at the tub . her dress gown be buttone to the neck as well . betty ( call out ) yeah ... I be just go to take a bath first . closer . betty . she swallow once as she stare down at the tub -- then reach for the spigot and turn on the water . Betty 's heart beat a little faster as she hear the water thundering down . closer still ... Betty reach up and unty the little silk ribbon at the top of she robe . she slip it off , and let it drop to the floor , stand naked in the middle of the bathroom . Betty glance toward the mirror and then quickly glance away . she take a deep breath and step into the tub . even tighter . on her face ... Betty slide down into the warm water , breathe in the steam , and close she eye for a moment . she linger like that for a second or two , before settling a little lower in the tub . Betty open she eye , but they only half open . there be the slight trace of a smile . extreme close up betty' face . her eye close again as she bite she lower lip gently . the water continue to thunder down as she arch she back . Betty 's breathe seem to quicken as she open she eye all over again : her Pov . bathroom ... all at once , everything around start to turn from black and white to color . a bird out the window become a red breasted robin . the tile on the tub turn out to be purple . GREEN towel ... pink robe ... bright yellow daisies on the plastic shower curtain . close up . betty' face . she stare in amazment . bead of sweat form on Betty 's forehead as the world go to technicolor . the thundering water pound in the background , but beneath can be hear the beginning of a faint , low , moan . her eye dart around the room . her breathe quicken : faster ... harder ... more intense ... then suddenly ... ext . elm STREET . night . the huge elm tree across the street suddenly burst into flame . Fire shoot straight up into the sky as billow cloud of black smoke fill the air . bright orange flame light up the night . int . parker live room . night . David be stare at the television set when he notice a weird orange glow . he glance behind he , out the live room window ... david oh my God ! ext . elm STREET . night . David come racing out of the front door and down the walk . a small crowd have gather in front of the fire . ( they do not seem frighten -- just sort of amaze . ) the street be still black and white but it be now bath in a weird orange light . the flame leap higher and higher ... david Jesus Christ ... following david . he take off down the block , as fast as he can run . the crowd continue to stare as David turn the corner at Main Street ... ext . FIRE station . he race in the front of the building scream at the top of he lung . david FIRE ! FIRE ! int . FIRE station . there be no sign of life on the ground floor . David race up the stair toward the bunk room on the second story . int . bunkroom . all the firemen be sit around play gin Rummy when David rush in the front door . they can hear he voice from down the hall . david ( enter ) FIRE ... FIRE ... they still do not move . all the firemen just look at he from they bunk with a perplex expression . david ( cont ) ( beat ) cat !!! all at once they spring to they foot grab they helmet and they yellow slicker . they race to the landing just outside the bunkroom and leap onto the pole ... ext . MAIN STREET . night . the FIRE have spread to a adjoining tree as the FIRE engine come scream toward the house from the top of the block . David sit in the front of the truck next to the Fire Chief who drive the vehicle at break neck speed . david right here ! the Fire engine screech to a halt . the Fire Chief look around ... FIRE chief where be it ? David shoot he a look then glance at the inferno . he shake he head and leap from the truck . following david . he race around to the back where the other firemen be stand just as confuse . David grab one of the hose and begin to pull it from the truck . david here ! grab this nozzle . fireman but where 's the ... david just grab it ! he strip out about fifteen foot of hose , then grab the fireman and pull he toward the curb . David part the crowd and position the man right in front of the flame . david ( cont ) ( shouting ) okay ! now point this right at the flame -- like this . the fireman nod and do as he be tell . David open the valve send out a huge flume of water . fireman whoa ! ( beat ) so that 's what this do . a huge smile break out across the fireman 's face -- like a man who have suddenly find he purpose in life . he beam from ear to ear dousing the flame , while David run to get another hose ... bob ( vo ) ( fade in ) ... in honor and in recognition of you heroism ... dissolve to : ext . town hall . day David stand at a podium receive a commendation from " Big " Bob mcgee ( the man from the barbershop ) . he hold a large plaque up for public display , while " David 's " whole family beam in the background . bob ... and with great appreciation from the citizen of pleasantville ... wider . a huge crowd be gather on the town hall step . there be lot of balloon and bunt . bob I be pleased to present you with this special commendation , from the pleasantville chamber of commerce ! he hand the plaque to David as the entire town burst into applause . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET . later ... David walk away from the center of town look down at he plaque . he take he sleeve and start to rub off a smudge when a young woman come up beside he . girl be voice hi Bud ... wider . she be margaret anne henderson , the prettiest girl in school , and one of the most popular . Margaret wear a frilly polka dot dress , that only accentuate a bombshell ' 5as figure . Nonetheless , she seem the image of girly innocence . margaret that be sure swell ... david oh. thanks , Margaret . margaret ( smile ) I baked you my oatmeal cookie . david ( vaguely remember a episode ) oh , no ... you baked that for whitey . margaret no . I baked they for you . david no . you baked they for whitey . margaret ( low and gutteral ) no . I baked they for you . all at once , Margaret grab he arm and press herself up against he . her breast shove up against he chest . her mouth be inch away from he . david um ... thanks . David can smell the weird combination of hot moist breath and freshly baked cookie . he stare into she eye for a moment , unable to speak . Margaret flash he a not - so pleasantville smile . margaret see ya . she turn and head around the comer , while David just watch she dumbstruck . CUT to : soda shop . dusk . David head toward work with he apron and little paper hat . the buddy holly music have give way to " hip " ' 5as jazz . dave brubeck drift out of the soda shop as David pause for a moment , take a bite of he oatmeal cookie , and head inside . soda shop . the place have " morphed " even more . if it be a teenage hangout before , it have become almost a bohemian coffee house now . brubeck 's " take five " play in the background while several patron talk " intensely " in they booth . doorway . David walk into the building and pause . next to he , one of the boy from the basketball team play along with the jazz on a bongo drum . there be several coffee cup on the table . Jennifer get up quickly and come over to he . jennifer ( in a whisper ) I have nothing to do with that fire . david ( quietly ) it 's okay . jennifer not directly anyhow ... david it 's fine . David glance at the booth beside they and realize that the bongo have stop play . all the kid be stare up at he , with a weird expression of awe . jennifer ( still under she breath ) um ... they like wanna ask you a question ... I do not know how to handle it . so ... david sure . he cross to the booth where biff and two other look up at he . it 's like elvis have enter the building . david ( cont ) how you doin ? various kide swell ... they keep on stare . several glance be exchange back and forth like they be share a secret . finally ... boy how would you know about the fire ? david what ? boy how would you know how to put it out and all ? David hesitates , weigh he word . david well -- where I use to live ... that 's just what firemen do . this send a murmur through the shop . the boy lean forward . boy and where 's that ? david ( carefully ) um ... outside of pleasantville . this send a much louder murmur rifling through the kid . it 's like electricity . they glance excited at one another . a hush descend . boy what 's outside of pleasantville ? david look it do not matter . it 's not important . boy what be it ? David stop and look out at the kid who be hang on every word . david it 's really not important . girl voice ( os ) what 's outside of pleasantville ? reverse angle . including doorway . Margaret Henderson ( the girl with the cookie ) stand in the doorway stare at David . she hang on he word with the same excitement as the other , it just mean so much more . margaret ( cont ) ( hungry for knowledge ) c'mon . tell we ... she stare right in he eye . she 's ten foot away but might as well be touch he . david ( slowly ) well ... there be some place where the road do not go in a circle . there be some place where it keep on go . there 's a excited giggle . they lean forward . margaret ( a exotic concept ) keeps go ... david well -- it all just keep go . road ... river ... 2 nd boy ( from the back ) like the " mighty Mississippi " . david ... what ? he move forward extend a book . the cover read : " the adventure of huckelberry finn . " David open the first page . there be printing inside . boy ( quote ) " it be big and brown and keep goin ' a ' goin ' as far you could see . " david ( turn to Jennifer ) I think the book be blank ? jennifer they be . he look over at she . jennifer ( cont ) ( quickly ) okay look , this like -- be not my fault . they ask I what it be about and I like do not remember ' cause we have it back in tenth grade , but I tell they what I did remember , and the next thing I know the page have fill in . david the page fill in ? jennifer but like only up to the part about the raft , because I do not read any farther . closer . David flip through the book and sure enough only the first chapter have print . the page be blank after that . 2 nd boy do you know how it end ? david ( hesitate ) well , yeah ... I do . margaret ( breathless ) so how do it end ? she have move closer and be gaze at he from a couple of foot away . it 's silent in the soda shop . david well -- see ... they be both run away -- huck and the slave ... and ... they go up the river ... but -- in try to get free they sort of see that they be free already . David look immediately down to the blank page of the book that be not blank anymore . row and row of fresh new type materialize in front of he . he turn to the back of the book , that be complete with a color illustration . david ( cont ) ( quietly ) oh my God . 2 nd boy wow ! 3rd boy do you know this one ? he shove another book in front of David . david hunh ? ( look down at the book ) oh yeah ... well this be great . ( beat ) see -- Holden caulfield be like this really lonely kid ... ext . pleasantville public library . day . the camera pan down from the " public library ' sign to find the front door . a long line of kid wait to check out they book stretch onto the sidewalk ... extreme wide shot . library . from across the STREET . several man from the barbershop lean against the wall next to the spin barber pole . they watch the spectacle for a moment or two , as teenager after teenager exit with a armful of book . gus I do not know phil . it 's pretty strange . phil I will say it 's strange . gettin ' stranger . Big Bob mcgee nod and rub he hand over he fresh haircut . phil ( cont ) I mean goin ' up to that lake all the time be one thing , but now they be go to a library ! I mean what 's next ? burt oughtta be havin ' a ice cream soda . that 's where they oughtta be . wider still . from the shadow of the town Hall , up the block , David watch the stream of kid emerge with they book . they cradle they in they hand like a piece of newfound treasure ... int . parker live room . night . George sit on the edge of he barka lounger , across the coffee table from " Big " Bob mcgee . even sit down the man be a loom presence . besides own the market , auto dealership , hardware store , and gas station , he also own the insurance agency where George work . George sweat into he collar . GEORGE want some bridge mix ? bob oh , no thanks ... GEORGE Betty 's make some pineapple kabob ... bob I be fine -- but thank you . George nod as Bob take a belt of he martini and lean forward . bob ( cont ) George , you be probably wonder why I ask if I could come over today ... George shrug -- then nod -- then shrug ... bob ( cont ) I be sure you have notice the same thing we all have -- certain " change " go on in the town . ( beat ) you know what I mean by " change " ? GEORGE " change . " bob ( nodd ) " change . " ( take a belt of martini ) and it 's not just the fire or big stuff like that . it 's little thing . ( beat ) do you hear about Bill Miller ? GEORGE ( concerned ) no. what ? bob wife want he to get one of that new bed . GEORGE one of that ... big bed ? Bob nod . GEORGE ( cont ) oh my gosh . what 's he gonna to do ? bob I really do not know . ( beat ) Ben Miller 's son just quit he job as a boxboy at the market . GEORGE ... how ? big bob Said he do not want to do it anymore . just take off he apron in the middle of a order . Mrs. Thompson have she grocery spread all over the counter ... take them four hour to sort the whole thing out . GEORGE Holy cow . Bob take a belt of he drink ... big bob George , everyone like you . GEORGE oh well ... bob no . they do . and it be not just ' cause you be a great bowler ... they respect you ... GEORGE ( heartfelt ) thank you very much . bob and it 's important for they to see someone they respect , stand up for what 's right . if you love a place , you can not sit around and watch this kind of thing happen to it . GEORGE no . of course not . bob ( big patriarchal smile ) and that 's why I want you to be on the pleasantville chamber of commerce . GEORGE ( stunne / move ) oh my gosh . I hardly know what to say . bob ( smile ) why do not you start by say " yes , " and then get I one of that swell pineapple kabob . GEORGE oh sure ... you bet. ( call out ) Betty ... there be no answer . GEORGE ( cont ) ( louder this time ) betty ... still no answer . GEORGE ( cont ) betty -- bob want to try one of you great hors d'oeuvre ... wider . George turn around to see David , stand on the landing , listen to the entire conversation . they eye lock for a moment ... david I will get she . he move quickly to the kitchen shutting the door behind he . int . kitchen . David get a couple of step in and stop . he look across the room to see : reverse angle . Betty stand at the kitchen sink , just stare out the window . her back be to he . she grip the formica kitchen counter . david ( approach slowly ) be you okay ? she do not answer . David move up to she and rest a hand on she shoulder . david ( cont ) be you alright ? Betty turn around to face he . her face have turned completely to color . the eye be GREEN . the lip be red . she have a natural blush in her cheek . in fact the whole thing look like a beautiful color portrait except for the tear stain on either side of she face . betty ( fight tear ) what be I go to do ? David move closer and look at she . her lip be quivering . david it 's okay . it 's alright . betty ( tremble ) I can not go out there . how can I go out there ? she look right up at David . betty ( cont ) ( quieter ) look at I ... different angle . he stare at she for a second . Big green eye full of fear and confusion . David push a reassure smile . david have you get any make up ? betty in my handbag . he cross to the counter and grab she purse . David sit Betty on a kitchen chair and fish inside the handbag for she compact . he find it along with a wad up kleenex . david okay -- first we will dry you out a little . he dab at the tear , while she smile at he in gratitude , then David open the compact and take out the large gray powder puff . closer . it be a truly amazing sight . as David smear on the makeup , she return gradually to black and white . the skin tone disappear . the flush of she cheek go . David take out a dark gray lipstick , obliterate the bright red of she lip . reverse angle . over betty' shoulder . he work on she for a second or two , then take a step back . all at once , David seem to wince : reverse angle . he Pov . betty' face . the life be go from she face . in a instant Betty have go from three dimension to two . she stand in front of he , the fictional version of herself all over again . betty ( off he reaction ) what ? David shake he head and force a smile . he hand she the compact so she can examine herself . Betty hold it up to she face , turn she head first right , then leave . betty ( cont ) ( beat ) do it look okay ? david look just like it do . betty and they will not be able to tell ? david ( even quieter ) no ... they will not be able to tell . Betty take a deep breath and fluff she hair . she grab the plate of pineapple kabob and head for the door . just before she go in , she pause , then plaster on a big wide " stewardess " smile ... david ( cont ) wait . betty ( turn back ) what ? he want to say something , but do not . David shake he head . david it 's fine . she smile again and balance the tray in front of she . betty thank you . david ( sadly ) sure . he watch as she open the door , and march in the room , extend the little tray of hor d'oeuvre in front of she ... CUT to : int . soda shop . day . Mr. Johnson be all alone in the shop , set up the napkin dispenser . he whistle brubeck' " take five " when the screen door slam behind he . Mr. Johnson look up with a start . mr. johnson oh , hi. david ( enter ) hi. mr. johnson be not you a little early ? david ( quietly ) I bring you something ... from the library . closer . following david . he have a large book tuck under he arm that be easily three foot long . Mr. Johnson look at he a little intrigue as David cross to the counter . david it 's a art book . mr. johnson oh my gosh , Bud ... david open it . Mr. Johnson reach out and open the cover . after a beat , he eye widen . david ( cont ) I just think since you like painting it might help to ... Mr. Johnson gasp . it 's quiet , and subtle , but it 's still a gasp . David look over at he but he 's lose in the page . he Pov . ( insert ) art book ... massacio 's " expulsion of Adam and Eve ' leap off the page in vibrant , torture color . the beauty of the garden be offset by they agony and they shame . he turn the page ... titian 's " venus to utano " . Soft , fleshy , in a rich golden light . she be utterly real and entirely nude . the fold of she flesh almost seem to glow ... rembrandt 's " self portrait . " Dark red , umber , black and brown . he look back at Mr. Johnson with pain and wisdom . there 's a brilliant light on he hair . mr. johnson ( os ) mmmmgh ... faintly , almost imperceptibly , the SOUND of a rich aria begin to underscore the image . it 's so faint you can not be sure you even hear it at all ... like you be hearing it with you eye . he turn the page faster . breugal 's " harvesters " ... tumee " steam train " ... Monet 's " cathedralo " ... cezanne 's " orange " ... Mr. Johnson shut the book . wider . soda shop . they sit like that for a beat . mr. johnson it 's beautiful , Bud ... he look up at David , troubled . david what 's wrong ? mr. johnson I will never be able to do that . david oh , well -- you be just start out . I mean , you can not do it ... mr. johnson no , that 's not it . Mr. Johnson shut the book gently . mr. johnson ( cont ) where be I go to see color like that ? angle . david . what can he say . David look over at Mr. Johnson who just smile and shrug . mr. johnson must be awfully lucky to see color like that . I bet they do not even know how lucky they be . close up . david . he just stare for a second . ext . MAIN STREET . long shot . day . Margaret walk up the center of Main Street toward the camera with she book press against she chest . she pass the drugstore , then the hardware store ... Far off in the distance , a young man come racing out of the soda shop , pull off he little paper hat as he go . he come run up behind she as fast as he can . closer . he take a deep breath and try to quiet the panting . david hi. margaret ( turn / lighting up ) oh ... hi. david ( pause ) look , I probably should not be ask you this -- not know you that well and all ... Margaret stop in the street and turn to he . david ( cont ) it 's just that my folk be gonna stay home and they say I could use they car . ( moment of truth / abandon he speech ) ... you want to go out with I tonight ? he want to turn away but do not . David force himself to stare at she and all of a sudden she beam . it 's the whitest , pearliest smile in the world . margaret ( breathless ) sure ... where would we go ? david ( swallow ) ... lover 's Lane ? CUT to : ext . elm STREET . day . David come fly around the corner in complete jubilation . he vault over a parking meter , swing around a lampost and leap off the bumper of a park car . David hi-five into the air at no one in particular and sail over Mr. Simpson 's hedge almost decking he in the process . david ( call back ) sorry ... following david . he race across the street bob and weaving like a all american fullback . David bound up he front step two at a time fling open the door . int . parker house . foyer . david " oh when the Saints ... go march in ... " he let the door slam behind he as he take off he apron and toss it on the coat rack . David start up the stair , when he hear a man' voice come from the live room . man' voice ( os ) Bud ... he pause a second and glance back . man' voice ( cont ) David ... he peer into the live room . David go a little grayer ... he Pov . television . Dick Van dyke be look back at he from the middle of the tv screen . he seem to have a bit of a stubble . dick van dyke hello there . david ( wary ) ... hi. dick van dyke ( stage whisper ) well c'mere , young fella . int . live room . David cross slowly over to the tv set . dick van dyke ( big smile ) you know I have be thinkin ' ... I might have be a little " hasty " the other day when you ask to come home -- just take I by such surprise , ya know - - ha ha ... he give a goony laugh . David just look at he ... dick van dyke ( cont ) so even though I can not make any promise , well -- I figure if you ask I real nice -- I might just be willing to talk about it again . david ( quickly ) I can not . dick van dyke what ? david talk about it . right now , I mean . I get to ... um ... the look turn suddenly dark and ominous . dick van dyke Bud -- I think you want to come home . david oh ... I do . yeah . it 's just that I tell my " dad " I would clean out the rain gutter and Mr. Johnson want I to ... to change the tape in the register ... dick van dyke ( get testy ) I will be honest with you Bud . I be get sorta concerned about what I be see in some of this re-run ... david re-runs ? dick van dyke like when Margaret Henderson make she cookie for whitey . ( lose it a little ) ... that be not you cookie Bud . david oh , I know they be not . but I mean - - they be just " cookie " after all ... dick van dyke Excuse I ? david well they be not just cookie . I mean , they be great cookie ... look , I would love to get into this whole thing but I be really run late . why do not we hook up tomorrow ? dick van dyke bud . david terrific . I will talk to you then . he swttches off the tv send Dick Van dyke to electronic limbo . David stand in the middle of the live room , breathe hard ... int . jennifer be ( mary sue be ) room . she sit on the bed stare down at the front cover of a book . ( it 's a alien experience . ) Jennifer be just about to open it when she sense something and glance toward the door . reverse angle . Bud be stand in the doorway just stare at she . he seem to be out of breath . jennifer what 's wrong ? david nothing . jennifer nothing ? he keep breathe hard in the doorway . David hold the remote in he hand . david listen ... he take a couple of step into the room and then suddenly stop . david ( cont ) you be read ? jennifer ( glance at the book ) yeah . can not believe you start such a dorky fad . she hold up the cover . jennifer ( cont ) d.h. lawrence . you ever hear of he ? david ( amaze ) ... yeah . jennifer seem kinda sexy . look . I read 35 page . david ( still stunne ) that 's great . he just stare at she for a second as he mind seem to drift ... jennifer so what be it ? david well ... I just ... ( out of the blue ) can I ask you a question ? jennifer sure . david remember when you tell I that Lisa rosenberg like I ? jennifer yeah ... david well -- do she really like I or be you just make that up . jennifer no . she really like you . david you be not play a joke ? she woulda go out with I ? jennifer go out with you . she woulda like rearrange you tonsils . david wow . he look at she amaze -- relive the miss opportunity . jennifer can I ask you a question ? david yes . jennifer how come I be still in black and white ? david ( back to earth ) what ? jennifer well I have have like ten time as much sex as this girl and I be still like this . they have one hour in the back of a car and suddenly they be in technicolor . david oh , I do not know . maybe ... ( think ) ... it 's not just the sex ... jennifer ( look up quickly ) what ? she stare at he wide - eye like someone who have just hear they name call . Jennifer 's eye dart around like she 's calculate a math problem . after a moment or two , she expression change : a vague look of recognition . jennifer ( cont ) no , it 's not just the sex , be it ? she glance down at she book . it 's a big book . Jennifer take a deep breath and stare at the gray skin of she hand . after a second or two , she look back . David look at she for a beat ... CUT to : ext . margaret henderson' house . ( maple STREET ) day . David get out of he " dad 's " convertible , carry a dozen " gray " rose . he take a deep breath and head up she front walk ... int . car . night . later ... David sit behind the wheel of the borrow car with Margaret Henderson by he side . he concentrate hard on the road , hold the wheel at " 10 and 2 " as he steal a glance to he right . he Pov . margaret . it 's not quite evening yet , and late afternoon light make she glow . Margaret smile as she turn she face into the warm wind that swirl inside the convertible ... shot . david . he study she for a moment or two , then suddenly swerve to avoid a park car on he right ... wider . they pass a sign with a happy family on it that read : " now leaving pleasantville " Main Street turn into a wind country road as they leave the town behind and head off into the wood . they wind through the dense woodland for a moment or two before a second sign appear , much like the first : " now entering pleasantville " different angle . through the windshield . sure enough , the town emerge in front of they again , complete the 4 dimensional circle . David look confuse . margaret um ... you gotta turn off Main Street . david oh ... right . he look over at she and smile . Margaret turn on the radio . ext . car . dusk . SAM cooke sing for they as David turn from Main Street onto a smaller unmark lane . the car start to rise up a small hill , with dogwood tree bloom on either side of the road . it continue to climb up the narrow gravel lane toward the crest in the hill . David look over at Margaret who take a deep breath shutting she eye . he glance down at the seat between they ... he Pov . car seat . the rose that be gray have suddenly turned to color . they sit next to he on the seat : a deep , rich red ... int . car . David look up and out the windshield . the same thing seem to be happen around they ... many of the dogwood have start to turn pink . not all of they , but at least fifty percent of the petal have " bloom " in some weird false spring . the road twist and turn on its way to the top , as they finally reach a crest in the hill . david wow . there Pov . lover lane . there , sit in front of they , be a whole world go technicolor : the lake be bluer than blue . the weeping willow be greener than GREEN . the dogwood petal ( all " turn " now ) swirl in the wind like some strange pink snowstorm . a long line of pastel car stretch out along the shore . SAM cooke ( vo ) ( over the car radio ) " cupid , draw back you bow ... " shot . car . slowly , David roll the convertible forward . many of the kid have leave they car and sit down along the grassy bank by the edge of the water . a few of they have book open . it almost look " athenian . " int . car . David look at the whole scene for a moment then suddenly cock he head to the side . david what 's that smell ? Margaret look at he and smile . she lean well out of the convertible , and pluck a gardenia from a bush that be bloom beside the car . margaret be not this great ? David take the flower , then put it up to he nose . he take a long deep breath then all at once , he posture seem to relax . as the fragrance enter he body he eye drift like some strange narcotic be wash over he . David lower the flower ... ext . MAIN STREET . dusk . Betty be walk down Main Street with a shopping bag on either hand . from a block away , she look like any other homemaker in pleasantville . you do not even notice the gray make -up . closer . following betty . she nod to Mrs. filmore in the bakery and smile at Don in the Post Office . Betty be just about to turn on elm Street when she glance up , and suddenly stop . her Pov . across the STREET . there , in the middle of the block , sit Mr. Johnson 's soda shop . the whole scene be still black and white , except for the large cubist painting that fill mr . johnson' window . it be render in bright pink , yellow and orange , and look like a Braque or a Picasso except for the unusual subject matter . upon closer examination you see that all the sphere and cone add up to a avante garde snow scene , with a cubist Santa hover over the roof top . shot . betty . she stare at it , mesmerize for a moment , then start to wander across the street . it 's late afternoon and the business district be empty . Betty cross in the middle of the block , stare straight ahead . int . soda shop . the door open and she stick she head inside . most of the place be dark except for one streak of sunlight shine through the window near the back of the store . Betty glance around . the little bell jingles as she enter . mr. johnson ( os ) we be close right now ... different angle . he sit in front of a small easel near the back , stare at a board which double as a canvas . Mr. Johnson glance over he shoulder and recognize Betty in the doorway . mr. johnson oh , hi ... betty ( turn to leave ) I be sorry ... mr. johnson no , no ... come on in . reverse angle . he get up from he stool and cross toward the door , still hold the palette in he hand . Betty stare at the " cubist Christmas " in the window . betty I just think ... it 's beautiful . mr. johnson thanks . they eye lock for a second . sort of a clutzy silence . Mr. Johnson motion toward he easel . mr. johnson ( cont ) I be just try to do one of this " still life . " he sigh and look behind he . next to the easel be a bowl of gray fruit . mr. johnson ( cont ) have kind of a tough time . betty I think it look nice . mr. johnson well ... ( shrug ) here 's what it 's s'pose to look like . he lead she over to the table and point down at the art book . it 's open to a cezanne that nearly burn off the page . betty oh my ... closer . they be stand almost on top of each other gaze down at the book . neither one of they move . Betty almost disappear into the picture -- draw by a strange new world . mr. johnson here . look at this . he turn to kandinsky - - a massive swirl of color . the image be nearly electric . betty ( breathless ) where would you get this ? mr. johnson Bud bring it to I . betty Bud ? mr. johnson here 's my favorite . insert . book . he turn the page near the back to one of Picasso 's " weeping woman . " the woman be render in pink and red and green . her head be a large sphere , lay " peacefully " on she own shoulder . mr. johnson what do you think ? she do not answer ... mr. johnson ( cont ) be not it great how she 's rest like that ? betty ( faintly ) she 's cry . wider . Mr. Johnson look down at the painting . mr. johnson what ? betty she 's cry . mr. johnson no she 's not . betty yes she be . he look up at she ... reverse angle . a single tear be run down Betty 's cheek . she sense it and reach up to wipe it quickly away , but instead of just wiping the tear , she take off a huge swath of gray make - up . a long strip of pink flesh be reveal underneath . angle . mr. johnson . he stare up at she in amazement . angle . betty . she sense something and glance down at she hand . her fingertip be cover in gray make -up . Betty turn and bolt for the door . wider . mr. johnson ( follow she ) wait ... betty I have get to go ... mr. johnson it 's alright . he stop she near the door and she turn she face toward the wall . Mr. Johnson touch she shoulder . mr. johnson ( cont ) it 's alright . let I see . betty ( shame ) no ... he reach up and gently touch she chin . Mr. Johnson move around to glimpse the other side of she cheek . mr. johnson it 's beautiful . closer ... she freeze like that for a moment , then slowly , haltingly , turn toward he . the color of she real flesh be reveal underneath . Betty stand there expose . mr. johnson ( a whisper ) ... it 's beautiful . she swallow , not sure what to do . Betty glance down . mr. johnson ( cont ) you should not cover that up . Mr. Johnson reach over to the little napkin dispenser on the counter and pull one out . he lean forward and dab at the tear beneath Betty 's eye . then slowly , gently , he start to wipe the makeup off she cheek . closer still ... she recoil a bit , tensing up , then just look at he . Mr. Johnson be gaze at she " true color " with wonder and acceptance . she hesitates for a instant , then seem to make a decision . Betty slowly turn she face to the side , expose she flesh all the way down to the neck . Mr. Johnson continue to wipe off the make up in larger and larger stroke as the beautiful pink flesh begin to emerge ... CUT to : int . jennifer be ( mary sue be ) room . night . she lie on she bed , read the same book she be browsing earlier . Jennifer seem strangely engross as she flip the page , lie on she stomach , scour every word . after a moment or two she get restless and shift position , lift the book . the cover be plainly visible : " lady chatterly's lover . " closer . she do not have enough light so Jennifer rise from the bed and cross to " she " desk . she sit in the chair and flatten the book in front of she . Jennifer be deep into the plot and do not even look up as she flick on the desk lamp . she could almost be study algebra as she sit upright at the little desk . different angle . she flip the page and peer more intently . her hair be bother she so she pull it back and knot it in a pony tail . after a little while she eye begin to get more tired and she look up and blink a couple of time . Jennifer notice something across the desk . reverse angle . a pair of Mary Sue 's glass be neatly fold in front of she . Jennifer reach out , put they on she head , glance back down at the print . jennifer ( impressed ) hunh . she can see much clearer now . Jennifer fold she hand in front of she and do not even realize that she have mimick the photograph of mary sue that sit beside her in a silver frame . the face be the same , but that 's to be expect . so be the pony tail , the glass , the posture and the studious look on she face . Jennifer turn the page engross in she novel when there be a loud tap on the window . she rise from the desk and pull back the curtain . Jennifer slide open the window . ext . parker house . biff stand on the front lawn toss pebble at the window . biff Mary Sue -- c'mon ... jennifer ( lean out the window ) what be you do ? biff ( jiggling in anticipation ) it 's six - thirty ... jennifer so. biff we be gonna ... you know ... he jiggle some more . jennifer oh. ( remember ) I can not . biff why not ? she glance down at she book . jennifer I be busy . biff ( surprised ) with what ? int . jennifer' room . she hesitates for a second then glance back at the desk . her own image in the silver frame stare back at she . the hair be pull back in a pony tail . the glass sit on the front of she nose . jennifer ( turn to biff ) I be study . she think about it for a moment , then suddenly smile . biff stand dumbfounded on the sidewalk as Jennifer reach up and quietly close the window ... CUT to : ext . lover' lane . night . David and Margaret sit on the edge of the grass , look out across the water . even in the moonlight , the color be vivid . David still clutches the gardenia in he hand , take a long hit like a opium addict . david ( inhale ) mmmmgh . margaret do they have that ... where you come from ? david yeah ... I guess . ( beat ) I do not know . margaret you do not know ? Margaret laugh like that be not even possible . she shift on the grass hike she skirt up above the knee . it reveal a long tan leg beneath it . David watch as she kick off she shoe , rub she foot through the long cool grass . margaret ( cont ) so what 's it like ? david what ? margaret ( a whisper ) out there . she cling onto the word like they could transport she by themselves . David think for a moment . david oh. do not know ... it 's different . she lean forward . margaret how ? david well it 's louder ... and scarier I guess ... and ... and a lot more dangerous ... margaret sound fantastic . you know some kid come up here the other night to go swim -- take off all they clothes . she giggle . David look at she in amazement . margaret ( cont ) do they have a Ocean ? I have hear about the ocean . david yeah . margaret what 's that like ? david well it 's big . and it 's blue ... ( as if realize it for the first time ) ... it 's really really blue . margaret mmmm. ( beat ) Boy . it 's hot up here . suddenly and without warning Margaret unbutton she cardigan sweater . she slip it off , arching she back like the figurehead of a ship and David just stare at she breast . she wear a light cotton blouse and even in the moonlight it form a translucent silhouette ... she lay the sweater across the grass and lean back on it . margaret ( cont ) you want some berry ? david hunh ? she unfold a handkerchief revealing a handful of berry in reds and blue and purple . margaret I pick they myself . they grow wild up here . ( eat one ) mmm . so sweet . david ( look at they ) they just grow like that ? margaret ( look straight up ) oh yeah . there 's a lot of stuff . currant and strawberry ... here . I will show you . she hop up and scamper across the grassy bank , kick she heel behind she . Margaret reach a tree in the distance and reach toward a upper limb , stretch out she body like a piece of statuary . she pick a piece of fruit and scamper back toward he , hike up she skirt as she go ... margaret ( cont ) here . closer . Margaret stick out she hand , offer he a bright red apple . it 's brilliant and shiny and glisten in the moonlight . angle . david . he hesitates just look at it . Margaret speak in a whisper . margaret go on . try it . he Pov . she be lie on she stomach now , and behind the outstretch apple he can see a ample view of she cleavage . Margaret be smile at he as the apple shine in the foreground . David reach out and take it . wider . david and margaret . for this instant , they seem alone in the garden . he look down at it , then glance over at Margaret . David hesitates for a split second then take a bite of the apple ... CUT to : ext . elm STREET . night . George head home with he briefcase in hand whistling a happy tune . he smile at Mr. Simpson and swing the attache case as he turn and head up he front walk . int . foyer . George open the door and set the briefcase by the stair like he always do . he hang he hat on the hatrack , he coat on the coatrack , and beam as he holler he nightly greeting : GEORGE honey -- I be home . there be no response . he look a little perplex but smile as he call out again : GEORGE ( cont ) honey -- I be home ... there be more silence . George look around a little confuse when there be a booming clap of thunder ... CUT to : int . soda shop . night . Betty sit in a comer of the shop , next to the gray bowl of fruit . she hold she head to the side , sit gracefully with she chin in the air . Mr. Johnson sit behind he easel , painting she portrait from a few foot away . Betty look radiant with no trace of the makeup , the warm pink of her flesh tone light softly by a bare forty watt bulb ... closer . she look over at Mr. Johnson when they hear the booming clap of thunder . each of they freeze . there be another , louder boom ... angle . window . the " cubist snowscene " light up brightly , illuminate by the sudden flash of lightning behind it . Betty leap up from the chair and cross to the window look out . betty ( frighten ) what be that ? mr. johnson I do not know . Betty look back at Mr. Johnson and suddenly see the painting . she flinch for a second . her eye go wide . reverse angle . including the painting . it be cubist ( like the rest of he recent work ) but that be not the shocking part . even though she sit in front of he fully clothed , Mr. Johnson have paint a beautiful , sensual nude . Betty just stare at the canvas , stunne to see herself reveal like that . the color be all hot pink and orange and yellow -- like some fauvist celebration of summertime . there be another even louder peel of thunder . wider . betty and mr. johnson . she look over at Mr. Johnson and he glance down . after a moment or two he look back at she , but she do not turn to run . Betty just stare at he , then without even realize it , move slightly closer . CUT to : ext . lover' lane . night . David and Margaret be lock in a deep passionate kiss . at first they do not separate when they hear the booming clap of thunder . it be only when they hear the second one and the rain start to fall , that Margaret pull back and look up in the sky . margaret what be that ? angle . david . he be still in a amorous daze and do not even feel the increase rain . it start to pound harder and Margaret look to he in terror . margaret what 's go on ? david rain . margaret Real rain ? david yeah ... you do not have rain either ? she look at he frighten . David smile . david ( cont ) right . of course you do not ... he put he jacket around she and start to lead she up the grassy slope . a dozen other couple go scurrying up the bank , look in terror at the water fall from the sky . margaret what do we do ? david ( reach the car ) we will just put up the top . he go fishing around the boot of the car , look for the catch to release it . David lean into the back seat fishing around as the rain start to pound harder . margaret what top ? he look back at she . no top either . David smile , drench in rain and put he arm around Margaret who be start to shiver . david it 's fine . come on . he lead she back to a thicket of bush where several of the kid be cluster together . they look at one another , terrify , as they huddle for shelter beneath the ledge of a overhange rock . david ( cont ) it 's alright . there 's nothing to be afraid of . they look a little reassure and Margaret look up at he positively adoringly . she cling to he shoulder as the storm howl a few foot away ... CUT to : int . jennifer' room . night . she stand at the window look out at the drive rain . Jennifer still hold the d.h. lawrence book in she hand . there be a huge flash of lightning and another clap of thunder . jennifer cool ... she flop back down on the bed and continue to read ... parker live room . George wander through the empty and darken house completely perplex and utterly disorient . he look around for he family , but all he can find be the darken room and the sound of the drive storm . GEORGE ( a little frighten / a little petulant ) honey , I be home ... he still can not find she and he cross into the dine room . the light be dark there as well and he look around confuse . GEORGE ( cont ) ( baffle ) where 's my dinner ? he sniff a couple of time but there be no familiar cooking smell . George fling open the door to the kitchen but that 's empty as well . kitchen . he cross into the darkness ... GEORGE where 's my dinner ... int . foyer . George come reeling out of the kitchen into the foyer . he slam he shin on the coatrack but keep on go ... GEORGE ( insistent ) where 's my dinner ... ext . house . it 's really blow now . the rain be come down in heavy sheet , be swirl and drive by the wind . the front door open and George wander out onto the front porch , still dress in he shirtsleeve . GEORGE where 's my dinner ! on GEORGE . he stumble down the front walk in a state of complete confusion . the rain pound against he body and within second he shirt be soak through to the skin . GEORGE ( over the storm ) where' my dinner ... ext . elm STREET . a tree limb crash to the ground but he keep stumbling through the torrent . George reel down elm Street scream skyward in the distance . GEORGE ... where' my dinner ! where' my dinner ! series of shot . following GEORGE ... he turn on Main Street and go reeling past the insurance agency where he work . George howl into the wind and he pass the hardware store , the gas station , the bakery ... finally he pause outside the barbershop . it 's empty as well with the spin barber pole be buffete by the rain . George lower he arm and just stare into the darken shop . his voice grow quieter bewilder and shiver ... GEORGE ( plaintively ) where 's my dinner ? he wrap he arm around himself and shiver on the sidewalk . int . bowling alley . night . the regular occupant of the barber shop spread out across three lane . each wear a pleasantville bowl shirt , sponsor by one of Big Bob 's business . the noise from the crash pin be deafen and there be not any window so the storm have go unnotice ... angle . big bob . he pick up a 7 - 10 split and clap he hand in delight . he start to cross back to the scorer 's table when he look up and suddenly stop . reverse angle . he Pov . George be stand in the doorway to the bowl alley cold and shiver . his shirt be soak through to the skin . his hair be drench and drip . bob what happen ? he do not answer . George clutches he body and keep shiver . wider . the man stop bowl and rush to George 's side . he blink a couple of time , still soak to the bone . bob be you alright ? ( look at he ) what be it ? GEORGE ( faintly ) rain . bob ( beat ) Real rain ? George nod . Bob rush to the glass door of the bowl alley and see the drive storm . a huge fork of lightning light up the sky . bob ( cont ) oh my God ... he turn back to George . bob ( cont ) ... we have no idea . burt be roll a 250 and ... ( beat ) be you alright ? George shiver and bob lead he over to one of the bench and guide he into the seat ... bob ( cont ) what happen ? GEORGE ( still shiver ) well , I ... I come home like I always do , and I come in the front door . and I take off my coat . and I put down my briefcase and I say " honey . I be home . " angle . men . they all nod in recognition . angle . GEORGE . GEORGE ... only no one be there . a murmur go through the man . GEORGE ( cont ) so I go into the kitchen and I yell it again . " honey - - I be home . " but there be no one there either . no wife . no light . no dinner . they all gasp . GEORGE ( cont ) so I go to the oven -- you know -- because I think maybe she have make I one of that " tv dinner ... " the man nod and lean forward . George shake he head . GEORGE ( cont ) but she have not . she be go . a louder murmur move through the crowd . George lower he head and just shake it from side to side . Big Bob move up and put a hand on he shoulder . bob ( gently / the patriarch ) ... it 's gonna be fine George . George look up at he helplessly . Bob pat he reassuringly on the back . gus what do we do Bob ? bob well -- we will be safe for now -- thank goodness we be in a bowl alley -- but if George here do not get he dinner , any one of we could be next . it could be you Gus , or you burt , or even you phil ... they murmur again . Bob gather a little steam . bob ( cont ) ( like a WWII movie ) ... that 's real rain out there gentleman . this be not some little " virus " that 's go to " clear up on it 's own . " there 's something happen to we town and I think we can all see where it come from . they nod in agreement . bob ( cont ) we be gonna need a town meeting . phil , how fast can you turn around a leaflet in you print shop ? phil couple of hour . bob Gus , why do not you get a bunch of kid from the basketball team to help you put they up on lampost and tree trunk ... Gus nod . Big Bob turn to George and smile . it 's a warm , patriarchal smile . he clap a hand on George 's shoulder . bob ( cont ) ( soothingly ) and the first thing you be gonna do be get a cup of hot cocoa and a nice dry bowl shirt . int . soda shop . night . the rain still pound out the window . Betty and Mr. Johnson be huddle in one of the booth watch the deluge through Mr. Johnson 's snow scene in the window . Betty be in soft radiant color now . almost the whole frame seem to glow pink ... mr. johnson you can not go out there . betty but I really should get home . mr. johnson but you can not go out there . there be another fork of lightning and a booming peel of thunder . Betty sigh . she 's past struggle . Betty shut she eye for a moment and listen to the rain pound on the roof . betty sound nice ... once you get use to it . mr. johnson ( listen ) yeah . it do . there be another flash and a loud boom . Betty smile this time . betty like a drum . mr. johnson yeah . ( think ) or like sprinkler in the summer ... Betty smile . they both listen for a moment and the fear seem to fade a little . the rain pound harder on the roof as Betty nestle down in the booth , a little closer to Mr. Johnson . they just sit there listen for a moment or two . Betty start to smile ... ext . lover' lane . David huddle with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestle against he with she head on he shoulder . int . jennifer' room . she lie on she bed , still read the book , the spitting image of Mary Sue . her hair be up in a bun now . the glass have slip down she nose . there be another fork of lightning and the loudest thunder clap of all . Jennifer smile slightly and pull Mary Sue 's afghan over she shoulder as she fluff the pillow and turn the page . CUT to : close up . a bright red rose . drop of moisture cling to the petal as it gleam brilliant red in the morning SUN ... aerial shot . pleasantville . the rain be go now . the town glisten in the sunlight complete with a huge rainbow arching across the sky . literally all the color in the rainbow shine against the black and white of the town . it look like a greeting card . int . soda shop . Betty and Mr. Johnson be asleep in the booth , lie in each other 's arm . sunlight stream in through the window , warming Mr. Johnson 's face which have now turn to color . he open he eye and look outside ... mr. johnson ( see the rainbow ) oh my gosh ... ext . lover' lane . bird be chirp . David and Margaret also lie asleep in each other 's arm , beneath the shelter of the rocky overhang . Margaret lift up and see the rainbow . she have turn to color as well ... margaret ( awed ) oh my God ... int . jennifer' room . she have pass out on she bed with she book on she chest . Jennifer 's hair be still tie in a bun and she still wear Mary Sue 's glass , but she face have return to its rosy pink hue . she blink open she eye , feel the sunlight , and look out the window . jennifer ( look at the rainbow ) oh my God ... int . bowling alley . the man be all pass out across the various lane and scoring table . it look like a ymca shelter . after a moment or two Big Bob yawn , and stretch , and glance out the glass doorway . he see the rainbow and freeze in shock . bob ( horrify ) oh my GOD ! CUT to : ext . elm ST . day . David come glide up maple Street in the sunshine with a huge smile on he face . he have that special grin and faraway look that a boy only know once in he life . perplexingly he be still in black and white . Bud turn on elm Street and start head for he house when he glance up and suddenly freeze . he Pov . tree trunk . there , tack to the bark , be a hastily scrawle public notice : town meeting tonight all " true " citizen of pleasantville angle . david . he look up at it for a moment . int . parker kitchen . dusk . George and Betty stand face to face in they suburban kitchen . he be black and white . she be in full color . betty I tell you where I be . GEORGE all night ? betty I get catch in the storm . you be go all night too . GEORGE ( the ultimate defense ) I be in a bowl - alley . Betty turn -- glance out the window . GEORGE ( cont ) ( sudden smile ) look . let 's just forget about it . let 's just go to the meeting and ... betty I tell you , George . I be not go . GEORGE ( bigger smile ) sure you be . betty no I be not . she turn to face he . George flinch slightly . betty ( cont ) look at I George . that meeting 's not for I . look at my face . GEORGE it 's fine . you will put on some make up and ... betty I do not want to put on some make up ... George 's eye widen . it 's a watersh moment . GEORGE ( protest ) it go away ... it will go away . betty ( gently ) I do not want it to go away . he suddenly square back he shoulder and puff out he chest . GEORGE ( the ' 5as patriarch ) okay -- now you listen to I ... ( beat ) you be gonna come to this meeting and you be gonna put on this make up , and you be gonna come home at six o'clock every night and have dinner ready on this table . betty ( softly ) no I be not sweetie . his expression leave as quickly as it come . Betty move closer to he . betty ( cont ) ( half whisper ) ... there 's a meatloaf in the fridge . you just put it in the oven and turn this little knob up to three - fifty . if you put the pie in forty minute later , it will be hot in time for dessert . George 's eye widen . betty ( cont ) I make a couple of lunch for you and put they in brown paper bag ... ( much quieter ) I be gonna go now . GEORGE where be you gonna go ? betty I be gonna go now . she turn and start out the kitchen door when George call after she . GEORGE Betty , do not go out there like that ! they will see you ! ( beat ) they will see you ! and she close the door behind she . GEORGE ( cont ) Betty , come back here ! ext . town hall . night . dozen of black and white citizen stream in through the front door . shot . opposite side of the STREET . several " transformed " teenager stare at the spectacle with they flesh colored skin and bright blue eye . they seem to hang back in the shadow . int . town hall . Big Bob stand at the podium beneath a permanent banner that read " pleasantville chamber of commerce . " as the only legally constitute body in pleasantville , it be a natural place for a town meeting . there be nothing bright and cheery however . the floor lamp in each comer cast huge , loom shadow up the wall . the light at the podium bathes Big Bob 's face in a blind splash of light . the whole thing evoke some weird twisted image from german expressionism -- like they be about to go look for frankenstein . it be grayer than gray . closer . podium . Big Bob stand at a lectern with a rotary insignia on the front . he speak calmly but compellingly to a hundred man and woman who hang on he every word . Bob hold a bright yellow grapefruit . bob this be find over in Dave Murphy 's trash can . there be four of they like this ... there be a murmur from the crowd ... close up . GEORGE . he sit up on the stage in a honore position right behind bob. George wear a shiny new rotary pin in he lapel , as a full - fledge member of the chamber of commerce . he sit stoic and upright with the sense of safety and reassurance that a shiny new pin can give you . shot . bob . he hold up a pair of bright red boxer short . bob Jane davidson find this in she son 's laundry basket . there be a louder murmur . the crowd shift in they seat . Bob point behind he to a bright GREEN lawn chair . bob ( cont ) this be from Mary Petersen 's front porch . she find one last week . there be two more this morning ... the murmur start to grow ... CUT to : ext . elm STREET . night . David and Margaret stand beneath the big elm tree outside Margaret 's house : a statue of two young lover . they wrap they arm around each other in a classic silhouette . the meeting across town seem a million mile away . after a moment or two , David reach behind the tree and pull out a beautifully wrap gift . it be three foot long with a bright red bow . david ( softly ) I get you something . Margaret 's eye widen . she beam at he , then tear off the wrapping paper revealing a great big umbrella ... a real umbrella . she look up at he thrilled . margaret it 's beautiful . where would you get it ? david it be a prop for the school play ... she look down and giggle . margaret can I open it ? david sure ... Margaret give he a quick kiss then open the umbrella . she put it back on she shoulder and turn a series of pirouettes -- like she own kind of rain dance . Margaret point she face up to the sky as if she be be shower by a summer storm . all at once a pair of headlight round the corner . wider . David grab the umbrella and close it quickly . Margaret look to the street as the convertible slow to a crawl and two teenage boy pull up beside they . they be clean cut with black and white face ... driver hello Bud ... david ( clipped ) hello whitey . they smile at each other for no good reason . it 's scary and arrogant . whitey ( more point ) hello Margaret . margaret hello whitey ... whitey ( loud ) hey Bud , how come you be not at the town meeting right now ? david ( curt ) no reason . ( pause / fire back ) how come you be not ? whitey oh . we be s'pose to go out and let everybody know about it . see . he point to a armband that have some sort of chamber of commerce seal on it . whitey lean out of the car and leer ... whitey ( cont ) no reason hunh ... see I think maybe it be cause you be too busy entertaining you color girlfriend . Margaret literally flinch . the boy share a peel of laughter and snort at each other . David put a arm around she and pull she close . david why do not you guy just get the hell out of here . whitey oh , okay , Bud . we will do that . he gun the engine as if to leave , then pause and turn toward Margaret . whitey ( cont ) ( leer more ) you know Margaret , you can come over and bake that oatmeal cookie for I anytime you want to . they share another chortle as whitey gun the car and peel out with a screech . Margaret 's lip start to quiver and David hold she tighter ... david it 's fine ... it do not mean anything . she nod , grop for reassurance ... CUT to : int . town hall . night . the chamber of commerce meeting be still in full swing . various citizen be now on they foot , scream from the audience . woman Ed mcfadden 's get a blue front door . ed mcfadden it 's always be blue ! woman not that blue ! man there 's a big tree turn orange in Joe Baker 's front yard ! shot . GEORGE . he still sit behind Bob with the same stoic expression on he face . George finger the little pin in he lapel ... bob people , people ... I think we all know what 's go on here . shot . bob . Bob lift he hand in the air . the crowd quiet down a bit . bob obviously certain " change " have be happen . up until now , thing in pleasantville have always be - - well ... " pleasant . " and , recently , certain thing have become ... " un-pleasant . " now it seem to I the first thing we have to do be to separate out the thing that be pleasant , from the thing that be " un-pleasant . " there be a loud murmur and nod of agreement ... bob ( cont ) George , why do not you and burt take the lead on this . why do not you put together kind of a " un-pleasant " activity Committee ... CUT to : int . soda shop . night . Mr. Johnson have scrubbed the snow scene from the window and stare with he palette at a blank pane of glass . there be a knock at the door ... wider . Mr. Johnson put down the paint and cross to open it . Betty be stand in the doorway clutching she purse and a " Lady samsonite weekender " bag . she stare up into he eye . dissolve to : full shot . shop window . morning . burt Campbell open up the hardware store like he do every morning , only today there be a slight difference . he swing open the door , put out the rake and shovel , then set a newly handwritten sign clearly in the front window : " no colored " series of shot . shop window . as the business be open on Main Street , more and more " no colored " sign appear in the window : next to the donut ... by fishing pole ... beside the stationery supplies ... everything else look frighteningly the same ... CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET . day . joey Anderson , the local paper boy , be finish he morning round . he reach in he bag and toss leave toward the bakery . then he throw right toward the post office . then he turn leave toward the soda shop , do a double take and slam into a trash can ... wider . soda shop . where Mr. Johnson have once paint he cubist snow scene , there be a brand new painting that be not cubist at all . a nude version of Betty grace the shop window -- paint in curving sensual brush stroke . joey stop he bike and just stare in amazement . he get up and ride away as fast as he possibly can ... CUT to : MAIN STREET . later ... David be in a happy daze , wander up Main Street and do not even notice the crowd gather outside Mr. Johnson 's soda shop . after a moment or two , he glance up and see the window ... closer . david . his eye go wide . the murmur of the crowd grow louder as stray derisive comment rise above the noise . David glance from the nude in window to the grow angry mob ... MAIN STREET . day . David go tear through the business district look for any sign of he " mother . " he glance in the flower shop ... toward the green grocer ... David be just about to turn on elm Street when a booming voice seem to come from the sky ... dick van dyke ( os ) Bud ... David stop and look to he right . there , in the window of the philco tv store , be twenty screen of various size display the image of Dick Van dyke . dick van dyke ( cont ) I want a word with you ... david ( scared ) oh -- well ... dick van dyke ( booming ) now ! the sound reverberate like God himself . David duck inside the store , slamm the door behind he . int . store . fifty Dick Van dyke 's stare at he from every tv in the store . the effect be smother . dick van dyke ( still pretty loud ) what the hell do you think you be do ! David glance around , not sure where to look . david ( terrify ) what do you mean ? dick van dyke what do I mean ! ( beat ) you think this be a toy ? you think it 's you own little goddamn coloring book ... david look -- it just sort of " happen " ... dick van dyke a deluge do not just " happen . " bolt of lightning do not just " happen " ... ( louder ) you burn down a elm tree for Christ 's sake ... david I have nothing to do with that . dick van dyke oh. I be sorry -- refresh my memory . what episode do the orgy happen in , again ? david look ... dick van dyke it be a gift Bud . it be so special . you like this thing as much as I do , remember : warm smell in the family kitchen ? a smile from a stranger ? you know how rare that be ? david ( beat / quietly ) ... only if they mean it . Dick Van dyke look at he for a beat , then go " red " in the face . dick van dyke okay . now you 're really starting to piss I off ! david ( find courage ) I do not do anything wrong . dick van dyke oh no ? let I show you something ! shot . tv screen . all at once a box appear in the upper right hand comer of the screen contain the image of David and Margaret at lover 's Lane . the videotape roll forward as she extend the bright red apple . David hesitates , then take it , then put it to he mouth and take a bite . dick van dyke " you don't deserve this place . " the image of David bite the apple plays backward and forward like some football instant replay ... dick van dyke ( cont ) you don't deserve to live in this paradise ! wider . David just stare at the repeat image of Dick Van dyke on the tv screen . dick van dyke ( quickly ) where 's the remote control I give you ? david why ? dick van dyke because you be come home . I be gonna put this place back the way it be . david no you be not . dick van dyke excuse I ? david ( gather strength ) I be sorry ... I can not let you do that . dick van dyke ( nut ) just gimme the goddamn remote ! he lunge toward the screen and slam he hand against the " barrier . " dick van dyke ( cont ) ow ! david ( terrify ) I be go to leave now . dick van dyke you be not go anywhere . you be gonna get that remote and you be gonna come home and we be gonna make everybody happy again !!! Dick Van dyke look at he stunne as David turn and leave the shop . dick van dyke ( cont ) do not make I get rough with you ! I can get awfully fuck rough ! elm STREET . day . David sprint down the tree line street toward he house . the leave on some of the tree be start to turn GREEN even this far into town . David vault over Mr. Simpson 's hedge and go tear up he front walk . int . foyer . the door fly open and he rush in , breathless . David glance around the house to make sure that it be empty . he cross into the live room . int . live room . David rush to the tv and grab the remote . he look down at it , glance at the television , then bolt for the front door . MAIN STREET . day . David move quickly down Main Street look for a place to stash the remote . he pause in front of the pleasantville Travel Agency . it have poster in the window depict various destination in and around pleasantville ( the place do not see much business ) . David bend down to stash the remote in a drain pipe near the entrance when he hear voice from up the street . wider . David turn to see a small crowd up near the end of Main Street . he stick the remote in the drain pipe and rise to he foot as the voice get louder . different angle . the crowd be move toward he . a woman walk in front of a group of young man who circle around she , taunting and harass she . a moment later David can make out the face : betty clutches she handbag to she chest while the crowd circle she like a pack of dog . closer . betty . the rosy hue of she face stand out in stark relief to the black and white face around she . Betty hold she head high with dignity ( and fear ) while the ugly epithet overlap one another " oooh - - let 's see the rest of you ... let 's see what 's under that nice blue dress ... Bet she 's even pinker than she picture ... " one of the boy yank at Betty 's skirt and she quicken she pace . just at that moment the boy be shove to the ground ... wider . David shield he " mother " as he shove one of the boy into the dirt . the kid get up but David punch he hard in the side of the jaw and the rest of they just stare . ( violence be as new as anything else and it seem to freeze the moment . ) David step in front of he " mother " with both fist clench . david ( as scared as she be ) come on ! he plant he back foot prime for action . the crowd of black and white thug just stare at it . david ( cont ) come on ! angle . crowd . they look at he warily . the boy reach up and feel the side of he mouth where a trickle of red blood be run down he chin . he look at he finger in horror and start back away . david get out of here ! they back away further and David take a threaten step . the boy turn and run as he turn back to face he " mother . " different angle . betty . ( over david' shoulder ) David move up to she gently . david be you alright ? she nod , still clutching she purse to she chest . David reach out and touch she cheek when suddenly she eye go wide . david ( cont ) ( off she look ) what ? closer . still over david' shoulder . Betty reach into she purse and pull out she compact . she open it , and hold it up to David , show he the reflect image of he own face . at last he have turned to color . reverse angle . david . he hold the mirror stare at he own reflection . the courage which transformed he only seem to grow . they look at each other , both in color now , when David put a gentle arm around she shoulder . david ( quietly ) come on . he begin to lead she up toward the corner . CUT to : full shot . soda shop window . day . a larger crowd of hooligan have now gather around the nude painting of Betty in the window . the jeer and cat call be even louder . the " close " sign still sit in the doorway . after a beat or two , a huge brick shatter the glass ... wider . a big cheer go up from the crowd . drunk on adrenalin , the fever build and another brick smashes the window . in a instant , Mr. Johnson 's " canvas " be totally destroy . the cheering grow louder ... almost by osmosis , the crowd rush the building together . the door be kick in and they stream into the place . soon all that can be hear be the weird SOUND of laughter and broken glass . int . soda shop . it be a orgy of destruction . stool be hurl -- table rip out . the cash register be turn over . two boy kick in the front of the juke box ... ext . MAIN ST . day . David and Betty round the corner to find the soda shop be destroy . they stand at the far side of the intersection watch the carnage as the crowd continue to run amok . after a moment or two , there be some more hoot as margaret come run toward they with the front of she blouse rip open . david oh my God . he take she in he arm and Margaret start to sob . David stroke she hair . david ( cont ) be you alright ? be you okay ? she nod . Margaret catch she breath for a moment or two , then glance down to she side ... wider . she be clutching the umbrella in she leave hand . the thing have be rip to shred . the spine be break and the fabric be tear . Margaret stare at the thing with a combination of confusion and shame . David go white with rage and look toward the mob . betty ( take he arm ) no. let 's get out of here . CUT to : ext . country road . ( leading to lover' lane ) . they all ride in George 's convertible up the twist turn road . it have turn completely pink with the dogwood petal . David wind up the trail , in the fade light , look for refuge . he clutches the wheel tight . david we should be okay up here . different angle . through the windshield . the car twist and turn up the narrow dirt road . after a moment , lover 's Lane reveal itself . it be lush and green like before only this time , there be one major difference . a phalanx of black and white thug have create a roadblock in the foreground . wider . David jam on he break when he see the barrier . it be a weird incongruous image : the black and white roadblock in front with the vibrant color of the pond and willow behind -- like some perfect dream you can never get to . the thug have turn they car sideways and drag several huge log across the road . they hold axe-handle in they hand . david ( a whisper ) we better go . ext . MAIN STREET . night . darkness have fall and the streetlamp have come on . some debris be scattered around the street and distant sound of the mob still fill the air . David roll back into town with the headlight off . closer . car . margaret where be they ? david I be not sure . they head down Main St. and turn the comer on Walnut . all at once , a weird orange light bathes the car ... reverse angle . there Pov . a bonfire have be light in the middle of the street between the library and the barber shop . twenty to thirty people be gather around it still whooping and holler as the bright orange flame shoot into the air . angle . car . David pull over by the curb , and they eye go wide ... reverse angle . from closer up , it become clear what they be burn . huge pile of library book have be dumped onto the sidewalk , wait they turn on the pyre . there be a strange celebratory atmosphere as they chuck book after book on the flame , with the glee of a teenager toss a firecracker . David see something and bolt from the car ... david oh my God . angle . side of the bonfire . Jennifer be lock in some strange wrestle match with biff . he clutches a book over she head while she tug at he wrist try to stop he from throw it on the fire ... jennifer do not ! just let go . biff it 's better , Mary Sue . jennifer I say , no ! ( yanking it ) ... I have read like one book in my whole life and I will be damned if I let you throw it on that fire ... Jennifer wrestle with he for a couple of second and then suddenly kick biff in the groin . he double over in agony when Jennifer snatch the book and bolt in the other direction . different angle . STREET . she sprint up the street and be just pass the barber shop when a hand reach out and grab she . Jennifer start to scream but David put a hand to she mouth . david ( a whisper ) it 's okay . it 's I . CUT to : wide shot . soda shop . other side of MAIN STREET . the crowd have move on and all that be leave be the dark wreckage of the soda shop . several stool lie out in the street and shard of brightly paint glass be scattered around the sidewalk . it be eerily quiet . wider . David , Betty and Margaret sit silently in the car , across the street with the light off . he unlatch the door handle and get out slowly . the rest of they follow he into the empty street as they move silently toward the soda shop , like some platoon on patrol . reverse angle . as they get closer , more of the wreckage come into view . half a booth ... a soda spigot ... after a moment or two Jennifer look up and gasp . closer . several teenager step out of the shadow . they have scrape face and rip clothing -- the sign . most be daze and all of they be in color . after a second or two , more appear : Mary Jane ... Lisa Anne ... the boy who be read huck Finn ... angle . david . the kid turn to he as if he have some kind of answer . of course he do not . the sound of the mob still carry through the air from somewhere off in the distance . david let 's go inside . int . soda shop . the place be just sad . all the remnant of what they have be strewn around the floor , the jukebox be turn over . the stool be rip out of the floor . Betty look over at the corner where he paint she ... the easel be smashed to bit . angle . betty . she bring a knuckle to she lip and David put a arm around she and draw she close . after a moment or two they hear a weird scraping sound . david hello ? the scraping SOUND stop . they all look to the open door and after a second or two , Mr. Johnson appear hold a broom and dustpan . mr. johnson just think I would try to tidy it up a bit . Betty run across and throw she arm around he . the teenager watch as she hold he tight . mr. johnson ( cont ) it 's okay . once we sweep it up it will be alright again ... Betty stifles a sob as he stroke she hair . no one say anything while they just embrace for a moment . finally ... david well he 's right . come on . let 's turn this booth back up . " Mary Sue " , why do not you help I slide this in front of the door . we will be okay in here . they respond to the tone of leadership . one by one the kid start to pitch in , sifting they way through the wreckage . Jennifer and David slide a barricade in front of the door as the kid try to put they shop back together . CUT to : int . town hall . ( chamber of commerce meeting ) night . Big Bob stand at the podium address a pack house . the atmosphere be odd : somewhere between a bake - off and a lynching . people sit in the aisle and in the window sill . Bob point he finger . bob this be not the answer people . the crowd quiet a bit . he lean over the lectern . bob ( cont ) no matter how upset we may get , or how frustrated we may be , we be not gonna solve we problem out in the street . it 's just the wrong way to do it . we have to have a " code of conduct " we can all agree to live by . his tone grow softer -- more concerned ... bob ( cont ) now , I ask George and burt here to sketch out some idea - and I think they have do a terrific job . ( beat / scan the crowd ) if we all agree on this then we can take a vote and I think we will start to move in the right direction . angle . crowd . they murmur and nod ... bob ( read from the code of conduct " ) " one : all public disruption and act of vandalism be to cease immediately . " ext . bonfire . night . it be still ablaze with book . as Bob continue to read in voice over , a firetruck come screeching up to the curb . shot . firetruck . the same fireman who learn to use the hose before pull several yard of it from the back of the truck . he can barely contain he excitement as he get to open the valve and extinguish the raging bonfire ... bob " two : all citizen of pleasantville be to treat one another in a courteous and " pleasant " manner ... " series of shot . lamppost . the code of conduct be nail to lamppost and tree trunk in rapid succession . it be plaster on wall and in shop window ... soda shop . debris be still strewn around the street . a dim light emanate from inside . int . soda shop . it look like a scene from the french Revolution . ten to fifteen kid huddle behind the barricade while David read the code of conduct out loud by flashlight . lisa anne " courteous and pleasant manner . " that do not sound too bad . David just look at she then continue . david ( read from the code ) " three : the area commonly know as lover 's Lane as well as the pleasantville Public Library shall be close until further notice . " this send a murmur amongst the kid . david ( cont ) " four : the only permissible record music shall be the follow : Pat boone , johnny mathis , perry como , Jack Jones , the march of John Phillips souza or the Star spangle Banner . in no event shall any music be tolerate that be not of a temperate or " pleasant " nature . " various kide ( overlap ) " oh my gosh ... no ... " David hold up he hand . david " five : there shall be no public sale of umbrella or preparation for inclement weather of any kind . " various glance dart back and forth between they . David continue . david ( cont ) " six : no bedframe or mattress may be sell measure more than 38 inch wide . " ( pause ) " seven : the only permissible exterior paint color shall be black , white or gray , despite the recent availability of certain alternative . " David look over at Mr. Johnson who just wince slightly . Betty clutches he hand . david ( cont ) " EIGHT : all elementary and high school curriculum shall teach the " non -changist " view of history -- emphasize " continuity " over " alteration . " ( David pause ) wow . David lower the paper . different angle . it be silent in the soda shop . everyone sit motionless for a moment or two , let the decree sink in . David just stare down at the piece of paper in he hand with a weird kind of sadness . off in the corner , however , one of the boy have be fiddling with the jukebox and have not pay any attention to what be be read . all of a sudden , he voice ring from the corner . boy hey . this thing work . he hit a button and buddy holly 's voice fill the soda shop . rave on blare at almost top volume recalling a more festive time . buddy holly well all the thing that you say and do make I want to be with you - oo - oo ... lisa anne ( suddenly / in a panic ) turn that off ! the boy look back at she . lisa anne ( cont ) ( shriek ) you be not allow to do that now ! he flinch and pull the plug from the wall . the jukebox wind down with a groan as the electricity drain out of it . David look at the kid then suddenly speak in a calm clear tone . david sure you be . he walk across the soda shop and plug it back in . the kid watch spellbound at this personal display of defiance . wider shot . soda shop . buddy Holly 's voice fill the soda shop but it have a suddenly different meaning . all the kid listen spellbound , as if to a anthem , while the rock and Roll life up to its rebellious reputation . buddy holly the little thing that you say and do make we want to be with you - oo - oo ... rave on ! it 's a crazy feel ... rave on ! it 's get I reelin ' ... Jennifer look over at she brother with pride . Betty put a arm around Mr. Johnson , feel a little stronger - - a little safer ... the kid seem to relax a bit , and even if they do not feel totally reassure , at least they do not feel ashamed . twenty " color " face listen as buddy Holly tell they rave on . David stand beside the jukebox like a captain at the helm of he ship ... ext . STREET . later ... he step out over the debris and look both direction . David motion toward the shop and a moment later the kid emerge . the disturbance seem to have die down and the street be silent although strewn with debris . David turn to the kid . david ( whisper ) stick together till you get off Main Street . they nod and head off down the block . David just watch they silently from the wreckage of the soda shop ... dissolve to : ext . town square . night . the Fire Department be clean up the char remain of the bonfire ... int . soda shop . later ... Betty be asleep in one of the booth . Jennifer sleep beside she on the floor . David and Margaret sleep next to they in another booth with Margaret curl up against he chest . David open he eye . reverse angle . he Pov . Mr. Johnson be stand in the middle of the shop , stare at the large piece of plywood where he window use to be . he just gaze at the thing as if he could look through it . there 's a faraway look in he eye . shot . david . he rise carefully from the booth , without waking Margaret . David cross over to Mr. Johnson and speak in a whisper . david it 's okay . we will get you a new one . mr. johnson ( softly ) I do not know what I would do if I could not paint anymore Bud . I just do not know what I would do ... close up . david . he just nod . David glance down at the table next to he . he pick up one of the brightly paint shard of glass and just look at it . it 's orange and pink and yellow . David think for a second . david maybe I have a idea . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET . dawn . the same paper boy who ride into the trash can , pedal down Main Street toss he papers toward the curb . he throw right toward the post office , then leave toward the hardware store , then right toward the bakery , then finally look up . closer . this time the boy slam into a lamp post . he tumble off he bike and stare straight ahead in disbelief ... he Pov . town hall . two man sleep at the base of the wall next to a clutter of paint can . above they , however , be paint a VIVID almost utopian mural of the town of pleasantville in live color . instead of be drab , the place literally gleam with life . the post office turn out to be a rich red brick . the sky shine in vibrant blue . it be a rendering of what the town could look like . David and Mr. Johnson sleep soundly next to they own signature . David open he eye and see the paperboy ... angle . paper boy . he turn around and ride away as fast as he can . CUT to : ext . town hall . later ... a huge crowd have gather . there be a loud buzz in the air . David and Mr. Johnson stand side by side in front of they work like they be present and guard it at the same time . reverse angle . crowd . most of the face be black and white . a few near the back be in color . Big Bob move through the back of the crowd , hurriedly buttone he shirt . the buzz grow and the people part as he head toward the front of the pack ... angle . front of crowd . when Bob emerge from the crowd , Mr. Johnson flinch slightly . David just look he in the eye and try to find as much courage as he can . " Big " Bob look up at the color rendering of he town with absolute horror . his eye scan the green tree , the bright yellow gas station , the puffy pink cloud on the horizon . bob ( bellow ) do you do this ? david ( quietly but clearly ) yes I do . Bob grab a copy of the code of conduct and wave it at he . bob do you know that it 's illegal ? david ( think ) yes I do . Bob look dumbfounded . he try to process the whole thing but just look more confuse . Bob run he hand through he hair , shaking he head . bob bud -- why did you do this ? david because anybody should be able to paint in whatever color they want . angle . back of crowd . Betty stand beside Margaret and Jennifer watch the spectacle . there be tear in she eye and a great deal of love . Jennifer smile with pride at she brother ... shot . bob . bob you be not allow to do this ! I could arrest you for this . david still do not make it right . there be some clap from the back of the crowd . Bob 's eye widen . his face go flushed ( darker gray ) . a vein bulge in he neck . he turn to the police chief . bob Dan ! arrest they ! dan ( police chief ) ( quietly ) um ... I do not know how to do that , Bob . bob what do you mean !? dan well , I never have to do it before . bob you put handcuffs on they and you take they to the police station . dan ( think ) oh. guess I could do that , then . david ( suddenly stronger ) c'mere , Dan . I will help you . David walk toward the police chief and stick he hand out . a louder murmur move through the crowd as David actually help he fasten on the cuff . Mr. Johnson come over to join they and the murmur start to grow ... CUT to : night time . a bright full moon stand out against a jet black sky ... ext . MAIN STREET . night . a group of " color " kid hang out on Main Street near the police station . they gaze off into the distance at the bar window of a jail cell . it be elevate half a story above the street . everything be black and white except for the warm yellow light , that glow through the bar . they know in a glance who 's inside . int . jail cell . night . David sit on he bunk stare at the ceiling . the place have never be use so there be still plastic wrapping on all the sheet and pillow case . he can not help smile . int . different jail cell . way off down the hall ... Mr. Johnson crouch on he bunk , ignore he food . he clutches a rusty nail and scratch at the plaster wall in true " inmate " fashion . reverse angle . wall . Rather than scratch the day or even the hour , Mr. Johnson have carve a huge pastoral landscape into the wall complete with lush forest and a run brook . he look at he work and smile . shot . police chief . he approach David 's cell from the other direction and knock gently on the bar . David turn around . dan there 's someone to see you Bud . david . David sit upright on he bunk try to think who it could be . after a moment or two , a strange look of understanding cross he face . he hear the sound of a key turning in the lock . David look up at the doorway and smile . david I think it might be you . reverse angle . dick van dyke . he stand in the doorway , still dress in he tv repairman 's outfit . for the first time , he be completely in black and white . dick van dyke hope you be proud of yourself . david I be actually ... glad to see you have finally show you true color . Dick Van dyke give a tight smile and shut the door of the cell behind he . dick van dyke okay , let 's cut the shit and get right to it . where 's that remote control ? david why ? dick van dyke because you be come home . david ( smile ) why do not you just take I back without it ? dick van dyke oh . you be a smart little bastard be not you ? ( tightly ) it 's kind of like a restrict ticket . you gotta leave the same way you come . David just look at he . he smile , confidently . leans back on the bunk ... david so ... I guess as long as I be here , all sort of thing could happen to this place . we could have pink lawn and blue tree ... dick van dyke just gimme the damn remote ! david I be sorry . I can not do that . Dick Van dyke take a deep breath . he glance toward the bar window . dick van dyke I do not know what go wrong . you answer every question . you know every detail . the senior prom ... mcintire 's Department store . we have all the same warm memory : sock hop . the Church Social ... david they be not my memory . ( beat ) I borrow they . it 's no good when you borrow they . Dick Van dyke 's eye go wide and he literally start to tremble . dick van dyke ( contain he rage ) how long do you think you have be here ? david ( warily ) I do not know ... Three , four week . dick van dyke much less than that . ( check he watch ) a hour and a half . David look at he uneasily . Dick Van dyke flash a broad nasty smile . dick van dyke ( cont ) see -- and this be really great -- the show be on for what -- half a hour a week ? so that mean for every week that go by in pleasantville , only half a hour go by in the real world . the smile get bigger . Dick Van dyke move closer to he . dick van dyke ( cont ) now buddy , you be go on trial tomorrow . and if they find you guilty , you be gonna be stick here forever . well , not forever -- lemme think ... ( calculate ) five year sentence ... carry the three ... that come out to ... sixteen and a half century , and that 's round down . david I be go on trial tomorrow ? dick van dyke this be tv pal . they do not fool around . David be rock but try not to show it . david ( stoicly ) there 's worse place . dick van dyke oh sure . for the first hundred year . then it start to get a little monotonous . ( beat ) sleep well . he tap on the bar for Dan who open the lock and let he out . the door clang shut as the two of they disappear down the hall . the minute they be go , the stoicism fall . David look around he cell , truly afraid . closer . he stare at the tiny cot ... the plain light bulb in the ceiling ... the single pillow with the plastic cover it ... forever be start to look like a long time . David cross to the small window and look out . he Pov . out the window . across the town square he can see the side of the town Hall complete with the newly paint mural . the " utopian " view of pleasantville be just as he leave it with one notable exception : the edge of painting be start to turn back to black and white . CUT to : ext . town hall . day . it be bath in sunlight . dozen of people stream through the front door for the first trial in pleasantville 's history . there be a weird carnival atmosphere in the air . int . town hall . day . the place have be transformed from the chamber of commerce meeting hall to a small town courtroom , complete with pews and ceiling fan . the only carry over from its previous configuration be the huge chamber of commerce banner drape across the back wall . angle . bench . at the center of the courtroom where the podium use to be be a large , elevate judge 's bench with a rotary insignia on the front . Big Bob sit six or seven foot above the proceedings finally live up to he name . the whole thing be a strange combination of franz kafka and " inherit the wind . " Big Bob bang the gavel ... closer . the undertone begin to quiet down . all of the face in the pews be Black and White . there be a " color " section in the back for stand room only . angle . juror BOX . George be seat in the front row of the jury , despite he relationship to one of the defendant . he be dress impeccably with he rotary pin still gleam on he lapel . after a moment or two he sneak a glance toward the back of the room ... angle . betty . she stand in the back with the rest of the " color " face . Betty crane she head to catch a glimpse of David or Mr. Johnson . all at once , a hush go through the crowd . angle . doorway . it swing open and David and Mr. Johnson be lead in wear handcuffs . Dan , the Police Chief ( now ballif ) , show they to a table in the center of the room directly face Big Bob . there be no lawyer present . there be also no prosecutor . angle . david . he glance around a little confuse . ( weird courtroom . ) Big Bob bang the gavel . bob Bud parker and William Johnson , you have be charge with desecration of a public building and the intentional use of prohibit paint color in violation of the pleasantville code of conduct and law of common decency . do you admit that on the night of May 1 , you do consciously and willfully apply the follow forbidden color to the pleasantville town Hall : ( beat ) Red , pink , vermillion , puce , chartreuse , umber , Blue , aqua , ox blood , Green , Peach , crimson , yellow , olive and magenta . david um ... yes I do . where 's we lawyer ? bob we prefer to keep this proceedings as " pleasant " as possible . I do not think a lawyer will be necessary . there be a murmur and a great deal of nodd amongst the black and white face . Big Bob smile to himself then proceed . bob ( cont ) do you further admit that this be do surreptitiously and under the cover of darkness ? david well -- it be dark out ... bob good . do you further admit that this unnatural depiction occur in full public view where it be accessible to , and in plain sight of , minor child ? david it be accessible to everyone . bob very well . let the record show that the defendant have answer in the affirmative to all the charge . he look directly at they for the first time . bob ( cont ) do you have anything to say in you defense ? shot . defense table . Mr. Johnson just look at David , confuse and terrify . mr. johnson I do n`t mean to hurt anybody . I just have to paint ... I need to . he grope for something else to say , but what else be there ? David glance over and see he sit slowly back in he seat . David rise from he chair . david I think I have get something to say . bob very well ... David look out over the audience . after a moment or two , he look back at Big Bob . david I think I know why you be do this . I mean , I understand why you be do this . I use to feel the same way . I use to want this place to stay just the way it be . I never want it to change ... there be a loud murmur . Big Bob bang the gavel . david ( cont ) ( he smile slightly ) but nothing stay the same . you get thing , and you lose thing , and that 's the good part and the bad part -- but you can not have a good part without a bad part . he turn and see he mother in the balcony . they lock eye for a moment . David smile slightly and continue . david ( cont ) it 's like the basketball team . bob ( lean forward ) the basketball team ? david sure . everybody 's upset because they be not win anymore -- but just think how it would feel if all of a sudden they do win . there 's a murmur in the gallery . david ( cont ) would not it feel better than when they use to win all the time ? there be a louder murmur . Big Bob look concerned . david ( cont ) see , I know you want it to stay " pleasant " but there be so many thing that be so much better : like silly ... or sexy ... or dangerous ... or Wild ... or brief ... ( beat ) and every one of that thing be in you all the time if you just have the gut to look for they . ( point to the " color " section ) look at that face back there . they be no different than you be . they just happen to see something inside themselves that you do not want to ... bob okay -- that 's enough ! david I think I be allow to defend myself . bob you be not allow to lie . david I be not lie ... here I will show you . he turn suddenly toward the jury box . david ( cont ) Mr. Simpson ... mr. simpson yes . david what color be that hedge of yours ? mr. simpson Green . david no , not that hedge . the other one . mr. simpson the other one ? david the one in you mind . the one that you see on a bright cold morning . the one that you see when you walk in front of you house and you just stand there and stare . Mr. Simpson suddenly look far away . he get a kind of dreamy look in he eye . david ( cont ) what color be that hedge ? close up . mr. simpson . suddenly and before our eye , mr . simpson turn to live color . a huge murmur move through the courtroom . Bob bang the gavel . bob I say , that 's enough ! various voice from the audience " no ... let he finish ... go on ... " Big Bob lift the gavel and be about to bang it when David suddenly turn toward George . david alright . dad ... different angle . there be a louder murmur . Big Bob just look at he freeze while David confront he " father . " George straighten up . GEORGE ( solemn ) yes Bud . david ( beat ) do not you miss she ? close up . GEORGE . he look at he stunne . Big Bob bang the gavel but nobody listen . George just stare at he like he get shot . david I mean , of course you do , but it be not just the cooking or the clean that you miss -- it 's something else , be not it ... George swallow . the undertone in the room start to grow as he glance toward the back of the room . david ( cont ) ( softer whisper ) maybe you can not even describe it . maybe you only know it when it 's go . maybe it 's like there 's a whole piece of you that 's miss too . ( shrug ) you might even call it " love . " big bob ( banging the gavel loudly ) okay , that 's it !!! david ( motion toward the back ) now do not you think she look just as pretty in color ? do not you think she look just as pretty as she do the day you meet she ? slowly , almost imperceptibly George nod . a single tear roll down he cheek . as it trace the side of he face it leave a long trail of color behind it . david ( cont ) do not you wish you could tell she that ? he nod again and it all come out . Betty smile at he through she tear . even Mr. Johnson smile as well . bob ( pounding the gavel ) you 're out of order ! david why be I out of order ? bob because I will not allow you to turn this courtroom into a circus ! david well I do not think it 's a circus . and I do not think they do either . David motion behind he to the black and white section . there be now ten to fifteen " color " face . bob this behavior will stop at once . david but see that 's just the point . it can not stop at once . because it 's in you . and you can not stop something that 's in you . bob ( tightly ) it 's not in I . david oh sure it be . bob no it be not . he cross to the bench look right up at Big Bob . he lean over the bench and get right up in he face . david ( smug whisper ) what do you want to do to I right now ? Big Bob start to tremble . he shake with rage as David move closer . david ( cont ) c'mon . everyone 's turn color . kid be make out in the street . no one 's get they dinner -- hell , you could have a flood any minute ... pretty soon you could have the woman go off to work while the man stay home and cook ... big bob that 's not go to happen ! david but it could happen . big bob no it could not ! Big Bob look at David and start to tremble . it start around the base of he neck , spread quickly up the rest of he head . after a moment or two , Big Bob have go completely red in the face . wider . a gasp go through the courtroom . David look at he and just smile . the crowd reaction turn almost to a roar as Big Bob turn and catch he reflection in the window . close up . big bob . he see the ruddy image stare back at he , then look down at he hand . they have go completely red as well . Big Bob freeze for a instant then bolt from the bench in panic and flee the room -- fling open the door to the courtroom . angle . doorway . as Big Bob flee , he reveal a amazing sight : the town Square glisten in live color . the huge lawn be a rich deep green . the sky be a dense opaque blue . dozen of spectator bolt from they seat and rush to the doorway as the crowd move outside . ext . pleasantville . ( full color ! ) all the bird be really chirp . Red Brick , yellow car , Green hat ... the barber pole in front of Gus ' have finally turn to red , white and blue - - he can not help smile . David walk out into the sunlight and stare in wonder at he creation . the whole town be wash in joy . wider . Margaret come up and throw she arm around he . they meet in a rich passionate kiss ( in direct defiance of the code of conduct ) . several people around they actually clap , like spectator at a wedding . Jennifer move up next to they and look at she brother make out . jennifer uch ... I be like gonna hurl ... David turn and look at she . both of they laugh . David throw he arm around he sister as more and more people stream out of the courtroom into the sunlight ... dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET . day . David and Jennifer stand together on the edge of town . she clutches a valise in she hand . he hold the remote control . david be you sure ? jennifer I tell you . I be like positive . david this thing work . we could go home right now . jennifer I be not ready yet . I gotta do this for a little while . wider . they stand on the edge of town ( which finally have a edge ) . a large sign say : " Springfield 12 mile " and for the first time , the end of Main Street be no longer the beginning . Jennifer be dress in Mary Sue 's clothes with a little bit of style throw in . Rich field of wheat spread out in the distance . jennifer besides . you think there 's like a chance I be gonna get into college back there ? david ( think ... ) honestly ... no . they both smile . david ( cont ) you get the admission letter . jennifer right here . david and you be sure about this ? jennifer I have do the slut thing , David . it 's really kinda old . David nod . david I will come back and check on you in a month . Jennifer nod and give he a hug . she hold on tight for a couple of second . jennifer you be like the coolest brother in the world . David smile . never be call cool before . they suddenly hear the SOUND of a motor and look to they leave . a huge Greyhound bus lumber up the highway , pull to a halt at the sign . the door open beckone she in . Jennifer smile at she brother , then turn toward the door ... ext . margaret house . day . she clutches she umbrella at she side . David hold a bag of oatmeal cookie . each one cling on to the other one 's clothing . they face be inch apart . margaret you be gonna forget about I . david no I will not . I swear . Margaret nod . she look at he for a moment then wrap she arm around he neck . they meet in a long , rich , wet , soft kiss . the umbrella fall to the ground ... margaret ( a whisper ) I like call you David . david I like it too . int . parker live room . David stand in front of the television with Mr. Johnson at he side . he hold the remote control in he hand . Mr. Johnson seem pretty amaze at the whole idea . mr. johnson well how do you know it will not go back to the way it be ? david you be gonna keep painting be not you ? Mr. Johnson nod . david ( cont ) well ... he nod again and think about it . they smile at each other one last time . mr. johnson ( remember something ) oh. ( reach into he pocket ) I have get something for you . he pull out a fold piece of paper . Mr. Johnson extend it to David who unfold it and instantly smile . insert . paper . it be a small paint replica of they mural in the same vibrant color . everything be scale perfectly , exactly like the one on the wall . shot . david . david it 's beautiful . mr. johnson just a little -- you know . David look up at he and smile . all at once he glance toward the door . wider . Betty be stand there hold a brown paper bag . a sweater be drape over she arm . betty ( extend the bag ) I make you this for the trip . they be marshmallow rice square . david thanks . I think you be not gonna ... betty ( painful / quieter ) I have to say goodbye . she look up at David and they eye lock . Betty hand he the bag . betty ( cont ) there 's a meatloaf sandwich in there too . do not go skip dinner just ' cause you be not here anymore . david I will not . betty ( voice quivering ) and ... wear this on the trip in case it get cold . david ( nodd ) ... it 's a pretty short trip . she nod as well . Betty put the sweater around he shoulder anyway and fuss with the collar for a second or two . then she throw she arm around he neck . betty I be so proud of you , Bud . david thanks ... I love you . betty I love you too . she cling on tight for a second or two then let go . Betty flick away a tear and draw a deep breath . betty ( cont ) well ... she step back and look at he . David glance down at the remote . david you better stand back a little . Betty and Mr. Johnson cross toward the comer of the room . David point the remote at the tv ... CUT to : ext . modern housing tract . day . all the ersatz Spanish house stretch out toward infinity . a westec security patrol cruise by they at a crawl . a second or two later , all the sprinkler turn on in uniform synchronization . int . david' live room . he stand in the middle of the live room look at he new / old surroundings . everything be the same as it be . the black onyx coffee table . the clean burbur rug . the big screen tv in its sleek black cabinet . David look at it and smile . the place be inadvertantly in black and white . closer . he reach forward and turn on the tv ( by hand ) flipping around the dial . Jerry springer be berate a prostitute ... tony robbin hawk self - improvement in a infomercial ... Court tv be do a O.J. recap . David unfold Mr. Johnson 's sketch and glance down at it . he smile to himself . a different kind of nostalgia ... end